Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

A dragon!

Dragons were legendary beasts and their mythological legends could be heard all over the world. There were thousands of books for adults or illustrated books for young children that told stories about these powerful monsters capable of destroying entire cities with a single breath and capable of causing earthquakes with their stomping footsteps.

In China, dragons were a highly revered and respected species. In fact, one of the most important symbols of the Asian country was precisely the symbol of the oriental dragon which, unlike western dragons, was characterized by a long body capable of reaching hundreds or even kilometers in length and soaring through the skies like a true king!

"Although it looks like a dragon, it naturally isn't." Lilith chuckled and pointed out, "Dragons are beasts with a great talent for magic and they possess a frightfully strong physical body from the first moment they come into existence. Really, those creatures are basically a bunch of walking hacks!"

Of course, the beast half a kilometer in front of Bai Zemin was not a true dragon. However, it was true that it did look very much like one; more precisely, it was considerably similar to a western dragon.

Perhaps, the clearest difference apart from the fact that its size was not as overwhelming and the pressure exuded from its body was not as terrifying as it should be, was probably that on its back there were no fleshy wings to soar in the air.

Bai Zemin sighed and said a bit speechlessly, "That thing is clearly only in the First Order but the Soul Power inside its body is definitely higher than that of the blue-scaled snake I killed before.... Lilith, are you sure that the living beings of this world aren't advancing a little too fast?"

Lilith looked at him and rolled her eyes, "Yes, I definitely think so! Haven't you looked at yourself?"

"That's..." Bai Zemin frowned and realized that indeed maybe he wasn't the best candidate to say those words considering that in less than two months he was about to break to the Second Order stage.

"That aside..." Lilith stopped teasing him and sighed with a slight frown, "I think something isn't right here. From the moment you faced those ten First Order beasts before the Second Order Archaic Bear appeared I've been thinking that this planet called Earth seems to be moving too fast."

"Right?" Bai Zemin nodded.

"But." Lilith pointed out with a serious expression, "Animals and zombies aren't the only ones who are growing and advancing faster than natural. Leaving aside existences like you and that woman named Shangguan Bing Xue, humans are also growing too fast. The average level in your faction is around 13 at present, and if you were to focus on taking your troops to a forest to train, I'm sure that in a very short time everyone who survives will be able to reach level 25. Considering that there are several beings with great power outside, I don't think mankind is necessarily at a disadvantage."

Even though the average level of humans was much lower, Lilith's words were 100% true. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Humans had plenty of modern weaponry capable of suppressing beasts and zombies. As long as there was a sufficient supply of the necessary ammunition, then even an army of hundreds of millions of zombies would be easily flattened to nothing.

While this was not a long-term solution since except for those with real skill like Chen He kill the monster, all those who just killed by shooting like crazy would not receive any Soul Power and could not evolve, the reality was not as grim as Bai Zemin thought.

In the past, he obtained a sheepskin scroll that had information to create a substance called magic powder. This magic powder, unlike normal gunpowder, could most likely be used to devise weapons that would adapt to the Soul Record and its rules; which would eventually lead to everyone being able to evolve correctly.

All Bai Zemi needed was time and a bit of luck. As long as he could find more scrolls like magic powder's formula and then the materials needed to make the fabrications, then humanity would have nothing to fear.

"All right!" Bai Zemin's gaze burned with a fire filled with fighting intent and before Lilith could say anything else he leaped forward like a cannonball.

Taking advantage of the approximately 200 meters height where he was, Bai Zemin jumped high into the sky and soared swiftly over 250 meters in no time.

As he looked down, the corner of his mouth tightened horribly and a bead of sweat rolled down his face. At this point he was so high that even he was no longer so sure what he was going to do next.

"Damn, I don't think I'll break my legs!" he growled and then gritted his teeth.

Gravity Manipulation x15!

Bang!

Bai Zemin plummeted downward as if he was a meteorite breaking through the Earth's atmosphere. The air pressure around him increased as if trying to stop him, but unable to do so, it just burst out in a loud bang wherever he passed.

On the ground, the dragon-like beast abruptly opened its eyes as if realizing something and hurriedly raised its head to look at the treetops above it. Its eyes as orange as the sunset sun seemed to have the ability to see beyond the darkness and in its reptilian pupils reflected what appeared to be an object falling at surprising speed.

The monster didn't even have time to get up or launch a counterattack when the object reflected in its pupils seemed to disappear.

BOOOOOOOM!!!

A monstrous explosion similar to that of a mother bomb detonating shook the balanced calm within the dark forest. Trees two hundred meters around were ripped clean out of the ground or directly torn into pieces as they flew everywhere.

The earth shook horribly and even those beasts that were farther away felt a slight shuddering under their feet which, in conjunction with the dreadful explosion that had not yet calmed down completely, frightened them so much that they roared and began to run around in a disorderly manner.

The beasts began to fight each other and the forest that had seemed calm suddenly seemed to become agitated and savage. Roars and bangs sounded everywhere while cries followed by explosions became normal.

A single action was like throwing a one-ton stone on a lake that was previously quiet and without ripples, raising huge waves and shaking all the calmness of the place.

Roar!!!

A furious but pain-filled roar shook the area a kilometer around the center of the explosion.

A cloud of dust so large that it covered everything within five hundred meters rose high into the sky even surpassing the height of several trees and rising beyond to be greeted by the faint moonlight blocked by dark clouds.

Swoosh!

The dust cloud shuddered in a certain part and a silhouette slid backward quickly before coming to a stop on the large trunk of one of the shattered trees.

This silhouette was Bai Zemin.

"Damn!" he groaned before his mouth opened and a torrent of blood spurted out uncontrollably.

He had greatly underestimated the power of the skill Gravity Manipulation. No, perhaps it would be more accurate to say that he didn't know how powerful the skill was when he activated it to its maximum.

Bai Zemin's weight was 75 kilograms, which for his height of about 1 meter 80 centimeters was pretty good. However, he also carried a suit of armor that, although made of leather, still weighed over 4 kilograms.

Even more terrifying, on his back, he carried a huge sword that weighed about 1 ton!

By increasing gravity x15 times the norm, one could imagine how strong was the impact Bai Zemin's body received when he finally hit the ground after falling from a height of over 200 meters!

The biggest problem was that apart from not knowing how great the power behind his previous impact would be, Bai Zemin was not a genius scientist to know how gravity worked in its entirety. He had the same knowledge that most of humanity had, but that was all.

Besides, he relied too much on his current physical body. He believed that with the toughness of his muscles, bones, plus his passive skill Bronze Skin, he would definitely come out unscathed.

Unfortunately, a 250-meter fall along with around 15 tons was still not something he could face without consequences.

"Fortunately I was wearing my Rank 2 armor so my internal organs only shook a little. If I had broken a leg..." Bai Zemin muttered in relief as he wiped the trace of blood at the corner of his mouth.

Lilith watched everything calmly from a distance. While she might have warned him earlier, the truth was that such knockbacks were sometimes good. Not only would they keep Bai Zemin's feet firmly on the ground but they would also give him a better understanding of what he and his skills could and could not do.

After all, it was different for her to tell him something than for him to experience it for himself.

Of course, if she thought he was going to get a bone fracture she would definitely have stopped him. A leg fracture inside this thick forest might represent the end of his life after all.

Bai Zemin looked ahead of him and the heavy dust slowly began to settle. Because a large area had been cleared of trees, the moonlight finally reached the ground inside the forest, so his vision finally became considerably brighter than before.

A crater that easily reached 500 meters had appeared where previously there had been a pile of flat earth and burnt grass. Moreover, the most terrifying thing was that the bottom of the crater easily exceeded 100 meters!

"Fuck it's mother." Bai Zemin couldn't help but curse.

Roar!

A second roar proved that the dragon-like beast had not died, and when he focused his vision he saw the beast in the center of the crater.

The only reason this monster had not died was simply because Bai Zemin never aimed to kill it in the first place. Otherwise, even if it had much more defense, it definitely could not have withstood such a vicious attack as the one before.

Still, this did not mean that the monster had managed to escape unscathed. Absolutely not.

Its tail, which was as thick as a tree trunk and whose length even exceeded that of the rest of its body, had now been completely ripped off and lay on the ground a short distance away from the main body.

A steady stream of red blood flowed out from the broken part where the tail and the body previously connected and the beast writhed in pain as it glared with its orange eyes filled with fury at Bai Zemin.

Bai Zemin sneered as he sensed the monster's anger. While he had been slightly injured, those injuries were healing at monstrous speeds at the moment and it definitely wouldn't be more than a few minutes before he returned to his peak condition once again.

Bai Zemin's nearly 400 Health points were not there just for show after all!

As Bai Zemin secretly rejoiced about his high stats, the dragon-like beast suddenly opened its lizard-like jaws wide releasing a strong smell of sulfur that brought the temperature of the place to new heights.

A moment later, a terrifying roar followed by a huge torrent of blue-colored fire shot out from the monster's mouth in the direction of Bai Zemin.

Bai Zemin didn't have a lot of time to think as the speed at which the flare was advancing was surprisingly fast. But instead of deciding to dodge the monster's attack, he decided to continue testing the limitations of his own skill so he activated Gravity Manipulation again in reverse.

* * * * * * *

2/3 chaps today

Thanks a lot to all those who use their Golden Tickets to vote for BW <3