Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

ROAR!

ROAR!

Two earth-shaking roars echoed from the center of the battlefield used by the two Second Order evolver beasts, causing the surrounding trees to shake and terrorizing the beasts that were several kilometers away but could still hear the wrath coming from two of the supreme lords of the forest.

In the middle of a clearing with a diameter of about one and a half kilometers, two huge beasts were engaged in a fight to the death. The resulting shock waves alone were enough to kill a normal human being countless times even if they did not approach close to the center area.

The earth was torn to shreds with cracks spreading like dragons across the ground, the width of the cracks had reached a size that even a normal vehicle could easily slide into them.

Right in the center of the clearing was an area that was devoid of any destruction and it seemed that the two terrifying beings facing each other were deliberately trying to avoid that area as it differed greatly from the rest of the field; even the trees near the area were untouched, indicating how careful the two beasts were being about whatever was there.

From the top of a thick branch of a huge tree, Bai Zemin narrowed his eyes trying to take advantage of the dim moonlight to see what was hiding there. Unfortunately, from a distance of one kilometer, it proved to be impossible for him to clearly make out whatever was there even when the area was not completely dark.

Since he could not check the area that the two beasts were trying to avoid, Bai Zemin turned his gaze and focused on the two beasts that were fiercely fighting each other.

One of them was a huge eight-meter tall ape that was coated with a large mass of fiery red fur and ripping muscles. Its claws swung endlessly as it slashed at its enemy, and its fists made the earth rumble every time they fell.

The other beast was actually a white tiger with blue patches. The beast was only half the size of the ape, about four meters tall; however, its four legs were powerful enough to move at terrifying speeds to the point where its enemy's attacks had difficulty reaching it.

Both beasts had varying degrees of injuries.

The giant ape had several cuts all over its body and Bai Zemin could make out stains of dried blood stuck to its fur.

Meanwhile, the white tiger looked like it had received some kind of powerful attack as there was a large burn right on one of its sides where burnt flesh and scorched skin could be seen.

The two beasts fought with their lives on the line. With bloodshot eyes, refusing to admit defeat or turn around to make a tactical retreat; both evolved monsters clashed with everything they had, making use of everything within their reach.

Shangguan Bing Xue shuddered as she watched the battle from a near distance. Her blue eyes were wide open, shining under the faint silver glow of the moon.

"Really two monsters." She muttered to no one in particular.

BOOM! FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

BOOM!

...

Each blow of the giant ape flattened the earth and its power was definitely more than enough to crush a tank and turn it into a pile of steel scrap. Even more incredible, although the beast was gigantic and looked too corpulent, it was actually fast enough for Bai Zemin to barely keep up with its movements.

Bai Zemin was sure that if one of those punches hit him, he would definitely not come out unscathed and several of his bones would be pulverized in a heartbeat.

But the one Bai Zemin was most afraid of was not the giant ape with insane strength; his real fear was the white tiger!

Bai Zemin's natural Agility was 292 points, but if you added the extra 40 stat points he had in Agility thanks to his various equipped treasures, the total immediately rose to 332 points. This meant that he was 33 times faster than the average person before the evolution.

Such Agility was already surprisingly high. However, even he could only see a flash every time the white tiger burst out with its phantom speed.

BOOM! BOOM!

As the giant ape's fists destroyed everything in its path, the white tiger stomped the ground beneath it and turned into a white shadow, gracefully dodging each of the opponent's attacks.

Bang! Bang!

The surrounding air exploded every time the feline beast made use of its speed.

As if that wasn't enough, the white tiger even managed to leave several bloody wounds all over the giant ape's body before backing away and then attacking again.

Bai Zemin's face turned completely serious as he tried to follow the white tiger's movements. He knew that if it was him instead of that robust and powerful looking ape facing this tiger, then his head and neck could be separated in a matter of seconds.

Regardless of how strong he was, if he couldn't even react to the incoming attack then it would only be a matter of time before the enemy found an opening in his defense.

"We have to take out the white tiger first." He stated in a low voice.

Even though they were about a kilometer away, the Second Order beasts had definitely perceived them. The only reason they could still relax was because two of the beasts were in a state where they could not afford to be distracted while the third beast was waiting for the opportunity to hunt two prey that looked much more appetizing than two apparently weak humans.

Shangguan Bing Xue nodded earnestly. She gave him a sidelong glance and asked, "How confident are you?"

Bai Zemin thought about it for a moment, and after analyzing pros and cons, calmly said, "If it comes to killing one of them, then I am 100% confident that I can finish off that tiger as long as my attack reaches it."

"What about the ape?" Shangguan Bing Xue asked hurriedly.

"The ape..." Bai Zemin narrowed his eyebrows and frowned, "Difficult... I don't know if I can kill it with a single hit."

Shangguan Bing Xue looked towards the battlefield and sighed, "What a terrifying regeneration."

The white tiger flashed at lightning speed. Its speed was such that Shangguan Bing Xue could only see something blurry moving all around.

Slash! Slash! Slash!...

The white tiger slashed with its claws, again and again, leaving numerous blood wounds on its enemy's body. However, the giant ape was undeterred and continued to punch tirelessly; the beast seemed to know that if one of its attacks hit its hated enemy, it would be enough to tip the scales of victory to its side immensely.

As new bloody wounds appeared revealing red flesh, the wounds caused by the white tiger's claws earlier began to close at a speed visible to the naked eye. Not only was the flesh beginning to close the wound but the blood was drying up as if a volcano were burning inside the ape's body causing scabs to form which helped seal the wounds even better.

The white tiger soon began to lose its patience as suddenly jumped backwards to widen the distance between itself and its enemy.

The ape did not chase and looked at the white tiger with bloodshot eyes as it exuded two thick columns of steam from its nose.

The two beasts looked at each other for a moment before the white tiger made the first move. The beast opened its jaws wide, revealing two rows of white teeth accompanied by two upper fangs that shone coldly against the moon's reflection.

"It's activating its special skill." Shangguan Bing Xue pointed out as she subconsciously tensed and prepared to erect a barrier of ice in front of the two of them.

"The time is probably approaching."Bai Zemin whispered as his gaze went between the white tiger and the giant ape.

Flash!

A flash of white light suddenly appeared in the center of the white tiger's wide open mouth. The white light soon began to spread out of the beast's mouth and in a few blinks its entire body was covered by a bright white flash that illuminated everything within three hundred meters around the creature.

The giant ape did not stand still as well. The nearly ten meter tall beast roared with its head pointed skyward and its deep red hair suddenly began to glow brighter and brighter. The temperature around the ape increased explosively in a matter of seconds and the ground beneath its feet melted into a pool of lava.

In just a couple of seconds, the white tiger had turned into what appeared to be a beast covered in white flashes similar to small lightning snakes while the giant ape looked like a fire golem whose flame soared high into the sky and repelled the darkness.

ROAR!

The two beasts roared at the same time and their roars joined to form one of a magnitude never before seen. As if by prior agreement, both Second Order existences became two lines as they charged forward.

With the intention of crushing the other and emerging as the winner, the white tiger in the form of a white flash and the giant ape in the form of a fiery fireball approached and closed the distance in just an instant.

BOOOOOOOM!!!

A thunderous explosion reverberated for miles with the shock center at its core.

The shockwave caused all the surrounding trees up to three hundred meters near the central site to be directly ripped up by the roots and sent flying all over the place. The earth shook and sank under the pressure as the First Order beasts and those Unclassified shuddered in their areas despite the distance.

Bai Zemin narrowed his eyes as he stared at the center of the explosion. The two beasts that were surrounded by the chaotic energy generated by the clash between two powerful skills were barely visible as two black dots amidst the flashing light.

Shangguan Bing Xue had no choice but to place both arms in front of her as cover and as her hair danced uncontrollably she could barely keep one of her eyes open, not daring to be completely in the dark in the middle of such a dangerous place.

"What a shocking power..." Bai Zemin muttered as his defensive cloak flapped behind his armor.

However, despite him saying those words, the emotion in his black eyes was as vivid as the big smile on his face. No matter how you looked at him, he definitely looked like someone excited to try rather than someone frightened by something dreadful.

Soon, the shockwave slowly subsided and the dust slowly settled.

As the sound resulting from the destruction still lingered in the surroundings, the white light covering the white tiger's body dimmed and the yellow flame burning on the giant ape's body began to lose its power.

The two beasts came into view once again. However, this time none of the two were in as good a condition as before but had taken a large enough amount of damage where a third party with sufficient power could benefit.

The white tiger's violet eyes flashed with a tinge of fatigue as it looked at the giant ape.

At the same time, the giant ape's wild and seemingly savage gaze also calmed down and the pain became obvious as its bestial face contorted horribly.

Amidst the darkness in the distance, a large number of glowing green eyes suddenly appeared looking in the direction of the battlefield. In the monster's pupils, the silhouettes of both exhausted and wounded beasts were reflected.

Slowly, emerging from the darkness hidden among several trees and bushes several meters high, a huge spider approximately three meters high with eight long legs advanced.

* * * * * * *

Thanks a lot to all those who use their Golden Tickets to vote for BW <3