Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Although Bai Zemin's clones only contained a basic 10% of his total power, that 10% could by no means be underestimated. Considering how monstrous Bai Zemin's stats were, that 10% was more than enough to practically overwhelm any enemy below the First Order.

Since the clones were using the outer perimeter of the forest as a hunting ground, there wasn't much chance of a First Order beast appearing in it.

If it was Unclassified beasts, Bai Zemin believed that his clones could take care of it without any problems as long as they did not appear in large groups. After all, his clones could only use pure physical strength without any active or passive skills; one had to remember that Bai Zemin's skills were deeply engraved in his soul with runes. His clones did not contain part of his soul, they were just an extension of one of his skills.

In just a few seconds, Blood Will reached the maximum possible and Bai Zemin hastily canceled the second activation of Lightning Movement resulting in the three clones disintegrating into a bunch of small flashes of flickering light.

In just a few minutes, Bai Zemin had lost a terrifying 325 Stamina points out of his total 443!

Mental exhaustion was completely overwhelming him and were it not for his willpower he would definitely not be able to continue performing such an arduous task as the one he was doing now.

On the other hand, while Bai Zemin was carefully shaping his attack weapon, Shangguan Bing Xue finally finished adjusting her mental state as best as possible and opened her eyes again.

Seeing Bai Zemin working hard with a frown, Shangguan Bing Xue's stare became complicated.

Ignoring the fact that the rain had soaked her entire body and armor, she looked at the battlefield and took a deep breath as she watched the giant spider in the midst of a deadly battle.

It took all her courage and willpower not to turn around and run away from the place right then and there.

At this point, the battlefield had completely changed due to the sudden appearance of a third Second Order beast.

The ferocious giant ape had been trapped by the mutated spider silk and was currently roaring furiously as it pounded with its fists and used its claws to try to break out of its cocoon. The silk threads broke with some difficulty, but before the beast could feel some relief, several new layers of threads began to surround it.

The mutated spider jumped all over the place as it swung its long legs to propel itself through the trees. Circling around the giant ape, the spider spat silken threads again and again from its mouth seemingly calmly and unhurriedly; for each new layer of thread the mutated spider spat out, the giant ape's misery only became even greater than it already was.

The white tiger as a Second Order beast was naturally a bit more intelligent than the other mindless beasts. Therefore, after seeing the mutated spider attack the ape, the tiger took the opportunity to rest and recover as much energy as possible.

Unfortunately, the tiger did not get much rest as after a miserable roar, the giant ape fell heavily to the ground after being suffocated by the toxin contained in the spider's poisonous threads.

Just as the mutated spider was about to lunge forward and deal the final strike, the white tiger burst forth at a frighteningly high speed and slashed with its claws with the intention of dismembering the giant insect's body.

However, just as the white tiger leaped into the air and was about to reach the mutated spider, its body hung in mid-flight and swayed slightly before coming to a stop.

Thin and practically invisible threads of spider silk surrounded the white tiger's body; obviously, the mutated spider was no fool nor had it forgotten its other opponent. The creature had been cunning enough to leave a trap around the entire battlefield as it ran around and tried to suppress the giant ape!

Under Shangguan Bing Xue's frightened and surprised gaze, the mutated spider swung on one of its silks with ease and opened its maw wide before taking a ferocious bite out of one of the white tiger's legs!

Roar!

The white tiger roared in pain and swung with all its might as it unconsciously activated its skill.

Bang!

The silken threads broke out and the mutated spider was forced to scurry back as a thin layer of white ice formed on one of its front legs. The spider squeaked ominously as it looked at the tiger as if it were looking at a delicious prey but did not dare to casually charge as it knew that its actual strength was in reality far lower.

"What the hell?" Shangguan Bing Xue muttered with wide eyes staring at the spot where the mutated spider had bitten.

The left foreleg of the white tiger that had been bitten by the mutated spider immediately took on a greenish hue, but even more surprisingly, a kind of vine began to grow from the beast's flesh.

The vine began to fiercely twine itself around the white tiger's leg as if it had a will of its own and even though the white tiger was constantly freezing the vines, its skill was no longer as powerful as before because the beast was exhausted after such an exhausting fight for so long, so the vine growing from its flesh seemed to be able to resist for quite a while longer.

The mutated spider seized the opportunity and launched itself full speed ahead easily reaching 200 km/h. With a powerful leap, the spider appeared right in front of the white tiger preparing to take another bite, this time being more daring and aiming for the neck.

Seeing that it was in trouble, the white tiger hastily jumped and narrowly dodged the attack. However, with one of its legs being held back by the vine coming out of the wound caused by the mutated spider, the white tiger did not manage to escape unscathed as the spider managed to inflict several bloody wounds using the sharp hairs on its legs.

Just as the mutated spider seemed to have everything under control and was about to chase, a thunderous roar echoed throughout the forest.

All the beasts within a relatively close distance stopped dead in their tracks and shuddered as they looked with a tinge of fear in their eyes into the depths.

The mutated spider quickly turned its body, just in time to see that at some point the giant ape had managed to break out of the silken cocoon that imprisoned it.

A flame burned furiously on the giant ape's body as the beast stared at the mutated spider with bloodshot red eyes. After a mighty roar and a boom, the giant ape made perfect use of its powerful limbs to charge towards the mutated spider at a speed of over 300 km/h!

The eyes of the mutated spider flashed with a hint of fear and it hastily retreated while spitting out silken threads with the intention of stopping the giant ape. However, as the extremely tough threads approached the flames burning at high temperatures on the beast's body, they were incinerated to nothing.

Swoosh!

Just when it seemed that the mutated spider was in trouble, the white tiger seemed to see an opportunity for revenge as it swooped down on the insect and slashed ferociously with its right claw.

The white tiger's giant claw severed one of the mutated spider's middle legs with total ease, causing it a great deal of damage in the process. Green liquid splashed everywhere as the severed half of the leg flew through the air.

The mutated spider let out a terrifying shriek as it used its silk to swing into the distance in an attempt to escape.

After seeing that things seemed to have turned out worse than it expected, the mutated spider that knew it was naturally weaker than the two beasts before it decided to flee immediately without even a second thought!

Even as it retreated, the spider did not forget to expel several threads of silk behind it to buy some time for its retreat. After all, its speed was a lot slower than that of the white tiger and a raging giant ape!

However, apparently the mutated spider's worries didn't seem to be too necessary because after chasing for a couple of seconds, the white tiger and the giant ape stopped and looked back.

When they saw that patch of land still intact and with no signs of destruction, hesitation shone in the eyes of both beasts and they stopped in their tracks almost as if by prior agreement.

* * *

On the other hand, Bai Zemin was finally finishing the process of forming a weapon using his Second Order Blood Manipulation skill.

Normally, forming a sword, spear, or any other weapon with blood would only take him a few seconds since he was much more agile and dexterous after he evolved his Blood Manipulation. However, this case was different.

After all, what Bai Zemin was about to launch was by no means a normal attack; on the contrary, it was his most powerful and terrifying attack!

Since the weapon he was about to use as a catalyst needed to have a constitution tough enough to withstand the power of a Third Order skill, Bai Zemin needed time to shape it into a weapon that would not be destroyed in mid-flight.

About a minute or two later, Shangguan Bing Xue noticed that the mutated spider was about to break away. Although she felt a little relieved, she also felt that it was a pity that Bai Zemin did not finish in time.

Just then, she felt a big fluctuation of mana beside her and hurriedly turned her head.

"Done?" she asked with expectation in her voice as she looked with a sparkle of surprise at the weapon in Bai Zemin's hands.

"Phew..." Bai Zemin sighed as a flash of exhaustion flashed in his dark eyes.

Not only had he spent over 300 Stamina points in total, but he had just now consumed the 220 Mana points that were obligatory for the blood weapon. The drain was immense in a matter of five minutes!

However, as he looked at the blood trident whose length exceeded three meters, a satisfied look appeared on his face as he nodded, "Done."

Shangguan Bing Xue looked at the blood trident with surprise as instead of being a weapon created by blood it appeared to be a real weapon forged by real steel. Every visible detail showed the care and dedication Bai Zemin put into creating this weapon!

Bai Zemin looked down at the battlefield just in time to see the mutated spider running into the distance. His eyes flashed coldly and before Shangguan Bing Xue could react, he hurriedly wrapped his arms around her waist and stomped on the tree branch on which he was standing.

Bang!

The branch broke into pieces as Bai Zemin with the beauty in his arms soared into the sky amidst the flashing lightning of the imminent storm.

Shangguan Bing Xue was about to say something when Bai Zemin's voice interrupted her.

"Sorry, but bear with it for now."

Even though he said just that, she didn't say too much either and simply nodded as she allowed herself to be pulled into the clouds by the firm hold of the young man beside her.

Bai Zemin activated Gravity Manipulation in reverse as Earth's gravity threatened to drag him back to the ground and his ascent speed that was beginning to slow seemed to gain a little extra momentum.

With his right arm stretched out to the side to the maximum, Bai Zemin half-closed his eyes as he looked at the mutated spider running under the glare of the lightning that illuminated the night. With a smooth backward motion, he then threw the blood trident with all his might while activating his most powerful attack skill to date.

[Crimson Blood Judgment] Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

However, apart from this, Bai Zemin activated yet another skill.

Just as the trident escaped from his firm grip, he activated Gravity Manipulation x15.

* * * * * * *

1/3 today (1 reward cause yesterday)

Thanks a lot to all those who use their Golden Tickets to vote for BW <3