Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Even if it was only the 5% of his total power, the person capable of utilizing that 5% would definitely receive great security for their life. Therefore, everyone looked with a tinge of envy at Kang Lan.

She confidently said, "Therefore, I refuse to believe that he died no matter what!"

This time no one said anything. Although they did not know whether what Kang Lan said was true or not, the truth was that she was the person with the highest rank among those present; more so if Bai Zemin had trusted her enough to grant her such a valuable subclass.

Kang Lan took her radio and ordered, "To all team leaders, pass my order! All troops move back two kilometers and fire the flares at ten-minute intervals!"

The different leaders of each team or squad passed the order to those below them and soon they all retreated two kilometers back, creating some distance between them and the forest.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!...

Several light flares flew into the sky and exploded, joining the lightning to illuminate everything within two kilometers. From afar, several wild beasts could be seen peering out of the forest as if they were hesitating while occasionally looking into the depths.

One of the beasts finally couldn't take it anymore and after roaring charged towards the exit.

Like dominoes falling one after the other, the beasts behind also roared and charged towards the exit of the forest unwilling to stay there any longer to wait for death. Although it was not all the beasts that charged and it was only a tiny part of all the beasts inside the forest, at least 5000 beasts charged towards the little more than 1000 humans.

There were wolves, there were wild cats, there were tigers, there were lions, there were elephants, etc.

All kinds of beasts charged like a stampede. The earth rumbled and the lightning in the sky roared as it illuminated the fierce expressions on the faces of the monsters that ran towards the clear minority of humans with the intention of crushing them all.

"Chief Lu, you take over from here." Kang Lan passed the command to Lu Yan. After all, she had no military knowledge to command such an important operation.

Lu Yan said nothing and waited.

Even though there were around 5000 beasts attacking and they were all close enough together for the bullets to hit them even from over a kilometer away, the power of the shot would be greatly reduced and would probably not be enough to end the lives of those with especially tough skin.

700...

600...

500 meters.

"Fire at will!" Lu Yan roared and raised his own light machine gun as fired with uninterrupted bursts.

The armed men who were already frightened to the point where they were on the verge of collapse finally let go of all their fears when they heard the command. Each of the 600 or so men raised their guns and fired furiously as they stared at the incoming beasts with bloodshot eyes.

The sound of gunfire joined the already chaotic situation and all silence disappeared in its entirety.

As tongues of fire and metal rained down on the beasts, many of them were filled with holes in a second before falling heavily to the ground to not get up again. Those at the front took the worst of it as they immediately became sieves and collapsed in their own pools of blood.

However, although hundreds were slaughtered in a few moments, the tide of thousands of beasts did not seem to fear in the least; on the contrary, they fought more fiercely to charge forward.

When one beast fell, another immediately took its place, and when that one fell, a different one appeared.

Moreover, the bullets could not kill them all. Among the crowd, there were some snakes with tough scales, elephants with rock-hard skins, and other creatures with defenses powerful enough to resist the firepower the base had. Every time the bullets hit them just bounced off uselessly leaving only faint white marks and causing pain that only served to enrage the wild beasts even more.

When the beasts finally reached within two hundred yards, at least a few thousands had fallen to never stand up again.

"Armed troops retreat! Soul evolvers step forward!" Lu Yan shouted and immediately discarded his light machine gun and drew a sword clearly forged from some kind of unnatural material from his waist before charging forward without visible fear.

Faster than him, Yan Tu stomped hard on the ground and leaped tens of meters into the air in the blink of an eye. As his body began to fall right in the middle of the crowd of beasts, he activated his Second Order Gigantic skill and increased the size of the mace in his hands to three times its original size.

Although the power behind the weapon increased, Yan Tu could still wield his mace as if it were the same as before he activated his skill. With a powerful swing from the top to down, Yan Tu powerfully smashed his bone mace against the ground.

BOOM! Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

The earth shook and dust rose up. But more terrifying, over a hundred nearby beasts were turned into blood mist while a dozen of those weaker ones in the far reaches of the shockwave flew into the air with missing limbs.

Right behind him, Evangeline charged through the crowd of beasts with elegance. Her Agility allowed her to get in and out with ease without even suffering the slightest scratch despite being surrounded by hundreds of enemies. The dagger in her hands was like an unstoppable whirlwind and when it seemed to cut once, at least a dozen beasts were cut into several pieces.

Wherever Evangeline went, all the other soul evolvers and gunmen could see were lines of hot blood rising into the sky and splattering everywhere as the beasts roared in pain before collapsing lifelessly.

Kang Lan didn't take too long to join in the fun as well. She was much more direct than the other two and simply charged forward while swung her magic staff.

Several magic circles flashed around her body and the staff's Soul Stone lit up. Next, a thick purple mist surrounded her, and wherever she walked by the beasts immediately collapsed without even having time to roar.

Although the range of the purple mist was only 3 meters with her as the center, it was definitely terrifying to see dozens of beasts falling lifelessly one after another with no apparent injuries!

Nangong Lingxin was probably the least elegant of them all but still extremely brave. She activated her skill Magic Barrier in front of her body and rushed forward.

A two-meter tall wolf howled and charged towards her while swinging its giant claw.

However, Nangong Lingxin remained indifferent and continued to press forward.

Bang!

The claw of the wolf, which was a level 23 beast and one of the most powerful among the current beasts, powerfully slammed into the magic barrier. The magic barrier did not even flinch and Nangong Lingxin continued to press forward, pushing the wolf several meters. Just as the wolf was about to stand up once again, Nangong Lingxin created a second Magic Barrier right on top of the beast's body and slammed towards the ground mercilessly.

Boom!

The ground rumbled and Nangong Lingxin deactivated the second barrier as she dashed into the distance.

When the rainbow barrier disappeared, the wolf was nowhere to be seen. All that was there were a pile of blood, broken bones turned to dust, and torn skin completely smashed against the ground.

* * *

Back in the forest, a few minutes before the beasts started attacking the humans.

Bai Zemin landed carelessly on the ground several kilometers away, rolling on the dirt uncontrollably.

Shangguan Bing Xue was not much different from him as she also rolled beside him. However, she was at least being protected by his embrace so it could be said that she was a little better off at least.

As both of their ears still dipped horribly from the thunderous sound of the explosion, they slowly stood up and looked at the blaze of crimson fire that seemed to want to devour everything.

Shangguan Bing Xue's little mouth opened slightly and she looked forward in a daze. Her inner feelings out of control and her ability to think seemed to have gone flying away for a few seconds as she found it hard to believe that a human being would ever be able to cause such massive destruction...

But she was not the only one surprised.

In the skies, Lilith looked stunned at the scene before her eyes and shock was visible on every part of her seductive face.

"How can this be possible...?" She muttered to herself.

Forget initial Second Order, Lilith believed that even a level 100 existence on the verge of breaking Third Order would definitely not come out unscathed from an attack of such magnitude!

The reason for her surprise was that all this was caused by a First Order existence!

Even though she already knew that Bai Zemin was powerful, even though she knew that Bai Zemin would one day achieve great things; the speed at which he was growing was completely out of her original estimation!

It wasn't about levels, it wasn't about Order at all; it was about the fact that each one of Bai Zemin's skills seemed to complement themselves in a frighteningly high manner! It was precisely that which caused this whole disaster!

Everything was getting out of control...

At the same time, Bai Zemin opened his eyes and his face constricted in pain as several messages flashed across his retina at the same time.

[You have obtained the Soul Power of Second Order Poisonous Bloom Spider level 51. You receive Strength +80, Agility +152, Health +70, Stamina +251, Mana +102, Magic +105.]

[You have leveled up and reached level 47. You receive 2 status points to distribute freely.]

[You have leveled up and have reached level 48. You receive 2 status points to distribute freely.]

[You have leveled up and reached level 49. You receive 2 status points to distribute freely.]

Bai Zemin already expected the Second Order mutated spider to die with a single strike. After all, it was simply impossible for a beast that had just broken through the Second Order to take his most powerful attack; he was so confident.

As he felt his body grow stronger and his Stamina and Mana recover to their maximum again and even more, a joyful look flashed in his eyes.

However, little did he know that this was just the beginning.

[You have obtained the Soul Power of Second Order Ice Light Tiger level 73. You receive Strength +190, Agility +285, Health +100, Stamina +201, Mana +183, Magic +180.]

[You have leveled up and reached level 50. You receive 2 status points to distribute freely.]

[You cannot level up to level 51 before obtaining your second class and advancing to Second Order. All Soul Power acquired during the evolution process will be recorded and calculated once you have successfully advanced to Second Order.]

[You have received the title: Irregular]

[Irregular: An existence that should not exist. You exceed the growth rate of your own world. Once a year you can open a door to an unknown Lower World whose state of evolution far exceeds your own. The rate at which your world evolves increases explosively for fear of being destroyed by you.]

[Possible evolution paths are being calculated taking into consideration all soul records absorbed up to .....]

Bai Zemin could no longer pay attention to any message as his mind had currently gone blank while he looked at the title he had just received without even looking for it.

* * * * * * *

Okay guys, I'm done: 3/3 today. Enjoy!

Thanks a lot to all those who use their Golden Tickets to vote for BW <3