Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Taking advantage of the huge boost in movement speed after gaining 70 Agility points thanks to the power of the Second Order Lightning Movement skill, Kang Lan backed up a few more meters as she quickly looked at the other battlefield.

This battlefield was also dangerous enough for all the soul evolvers to stay at a distance. Only a few unintelligent wild beasts occasionally charged into that area but they didn't even know what was happening before their bodies were torn apart; the stronger ones were cut down and then killed, while the weaker ones simply burst into a bloody mess when they came into contact with the backlash of the attacks.

An exclusive battlefield within the battlefield just like the situation faced by Yan Tu and to some extent Kang Lan herself.

This battlefield was the area where Evangeline was fighting against three other First Order beasts.

Unlike Yan Tu, who was facing beasts that were stronger than fast, Evangeline's enemies were completely opposite as the power of these beasts radiated mainly in ghostly Agility.

The flashes of sharp claws could be clearly seen whenever lightning flashed high in the sky and the sharp glints of a deadly dagger could be seen whenever the blade of the weapon reflected the lights of the artificial flares.

Evangeline had no time to hold back at all as she faced three beings within her own power spectrum. Although she was incredibly powerful, her strength lay mainly in her killing ability and surprise attacks; therefore, in direct combat, she could not bring out 100% of her real ability.

Of course, this in no way meant that she was weak in direct confrontations, otherwise she would not have been able to endure almost a full minute against a monster on Bai Zemin's level; it was just that it was simply not her style.

A panther whose fur was completely violet with sharp claws that glowed with a faint blue light and whose eyes were as violet as fluorescent lights evaded one of Evangeline's dagger slashes by leaping back slightly.

Swoosh!

Not even in the time of a blink later, the panther slashed forward with the intention of decapitating her. The air itself was cut in two and even though the attack had not yet reached her, the pressure alone made Evangeline's face hurt while several blood marks threatened to appear at any moment.

As if that wasn't enough, the panther wasn't the only beast that made an attack right after evading one.

A three-meter tall, six-meter long tiger whose fur was completely red and whose eyes were as blue as the blue sky also launched a ferocious counterattack. The beast was enraged as several bloody wounds stained the ground wherever it passed and opened its jaws wide towards Evangeline's leg revealing two rows of teeth that instead of white were red with intense flames dancing on the surface.

In just an instant, from going from being the attacker, Evangeline found herself in a life or death situation where even defense was not too viable an option.

However, her expression remained as cold as ice and her emerald eyes glittered with a dangerous flash of sharp, lethal light. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Her body seemed to be made of rubber instead of flesh and bone as her waist twisted at an impossible angle while tilting her head back.

Swoosh!

The purple panther's powered claw passed inches from her neck, cutting off a few strands of her lustrous blonde hair in the process. However, Evangeline had no time to worry about such things as she could already feel the searing heat coming from the teeth getting dangerously close to her leg.

In this world, losing a leg would limit a person to the point where surviving another day would be a feat worth mentioning and one that not just anyone could accomplish. Not to mention losing a leg in the middle of a deadly battle where the enemies were overwhelmingly outnumbered, and as if that wasn't enough, their overall strength was infinitely close to yours.

However, Evangeline was not a normal First Order soul evolver. If it were anyone else they might have had trouble completely dodging the pincer-like attacks of the purple panther and the fire-toothed tiger, however, Evangeline had already found herself in this kind of deadly situation many times in the past and many times during her fight against monsters.

Taking advantage of the momentum and the weight of her leaning body, Evangeline turned her left foot slightly and as it kicked upwards she used the momentum to jump a couple of meters as her body whirled like a spinning topspin amidst the flashing flashes of lightning.

Bang!

The tiger's big mouth missed its target by a thousandth of a second and because the beast was charging with all its might it didn't have time to stop. The ground on which Evangeline was standing less than a second ago exploded and cracks of varying magnitude spread more than ten meters in length and breadth from the point of impact.

But that was not all. Evangeline was not the type of person who liked to be attacked without at least trying to strike back.

Her eyes narrowed dangerously and while still in midair she made perfect use of one of her passive skills called Increased Perception of First Order level 3.

With her head pointed towards the ground and her feet towards the black clouds, the world before Evangeline seemed to have slowed down considerably and for a moment she managed to appreciate the face of the fire-toothed tiger slowly emerging from the cloud of dust and debris.

Of course, the world had not slowed down. It was just that Evangeline's senses were boosted at least twice as much as usual after she focused completely on her passive skill, which led to her feeling such an effect.

This skill was very dangerous since if one got the wrong idea thinking that everything had slowed down, then that person would end up meeting a disastrous death since the speed was the same; the only thing that changed was the user's perception of what their eyes saw and their body felt.

Fortunately, this skill fell into the hands of Evangeline, who already had experience in death combats even before the apocalypse. Thanks to her years as an assassin and the training she had received since she was just a child, she was able to take advantage of every opportunity that came her way.

As everything seemed to move slower and the details of her surroundings became clearer, Evangeline's emerald green eyes met the red eyes of the fire-toothed tiger.

She moved her hand at lightning speed and after a flash of cold light, everything seemed to return to normal. Evangeline landed on the ground and hurriedly slid to the side to make some distance between her and the purple panther.

Roar!

A thunderous roar shook the earth as the fire-toothed tiger raised its head and then began to dash wildly out of control as it slammed its body into other beasts.

Red blood spurted uncontrollably from one of the sockets where its eyes used to be, staining the entire left side of its face and dripping uncontrollably to the sodden ground. After killing a dozen other beasts that crossed its path, the tiger finally stopped and roared a second time as it used its one eye to glare at Evangeline in blinding anger.

Of course, she didn't have time to worry about the anger or the pain the fire-toothed tiger was feeling as immediately after her feet touched the ground she encountered a problem.

This problem was the third and final First Order enemy Evangeline was facing but had so far barely moved.

Just after she put some distance between her and the purple panther, and just after she used her Death Kiss dagger to make a clean, deep cut to one of the beast's eyes, thus taking away the vision on its left side, Evangeline felt the ground beneath her feet tremble; but for a split second, she thought it was normal.

After all, the ground had been shaking constantly since there had been massive sized beasts running rampant everywhere. However, by the time she realized that this slight trembling was a little different than usual, it was a bit too late to regret it.

The ground cracked and less than a meter away from where Evangeline was standing appeared what looked to be the head of a giant earthworm that was covered in a strange earth-colored armor.

Evangeline couldn't help but curse in her mind and hurriedly tried to retreat in a rush. However, from a distance of less than a meter, things did not go the way she expected them to go.

Swoosh!

The earthworm-like creature swooshed like lightning amidst the earth and even before Evangeline could retreat more than two steps the beast had already opened its jaws revealing two sharp rows of white teeth with a strange greenish liquid glowing inside.

Sliding its body on the ground but still not completely off the floor, the creature reached the agile assassin's right foot and bit down mercilessly, sinking its sharp teeth fiercely into the flesh of the shiny thigh.

Evangeline's face contorted slightly from the pain but her inflexible gaze did not change at all. It was at that moment that it was shown how resolute and cruel Evangeline was not only to her enemies but also to herself.

To be bitten so hard and to feel two powerful rows of teeth digging into the flesh, a person would normally think of standing there without daring to increase the distance. After all, trying to move away would only cause the teeth to drag from the inside out and the flesh would be torn away.

However, it was either that or get caught there; this was something Evangeline was clear she could not afford as the purple panther and the fire-toothed tiger were already charging towards her as they looked at her with intent to devour her in order to evolve and then escape from whatever was inside that forest and the reason they fled in the first place.

Therefore, she clenched her delicate teeth tightly and cinched towards the opposite side of where the earthworm was trying to drag her. The result was obvious.

A large chunk of flesh from her formerly delicate thigh was ripped clean off along with pieces of her leather armor, demonstrating the power behind the earth type beast's bite.

Red blood began to slide down her milk-white leg forming a great contrast. Evangeline's face turned slightly pale not only because of the pain but also because she realized that the earthworm's bite seemed to have some kind of paralyzing poison as she immediately discovered how her natural agile movements slowly began to gain more and more rigidity.

With an extremely pitiful appearance that would evoke a man's desire for protection, she gritted her teeth again and put strength into her legs to dodge the deadly attack of the First Order's purple panther.

Swoosh!

A ball of white light that looked natural but at the same time was not shone amidst the red light of the flares that were slowly beginning to lose their glow in the sky. Although she could have dodged it, Evangeline allowed the ball of white light to hit her body as she could not detect any malicious intent nor could she sense any attack-type magical power within the light.

The blood gushing from Evangeline's thigh immediately stopped and slowly began to strangely twist into thick threads that slowly began to team up with the flesh to form new tissue over the wound.

Evangeline noticed in a flash how her regenerative ability seemed to improve drastically.... No, instead of saying that what was improving was her regenerative capacity, perhaps it would be more accurate to say that what was happening was that the ball of white light was increasing the speed at which her wound was regenerating.

* * * * * * *

A/N: 1/3 today guys. Cause yesterday I uploaded 1 chap

Thanks a lot to all those who use their Golden Tickets to vote for BW <3