Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Bang!

When the head fell heavily on the ground, a moment later the still-moving body of the Shadow Tiger also fell forward. However, because the beast was moving too fast, the body that was almost two meters tall threatened to crush the body of the person who had just saved the lives of Gu Tao and Old Zhi.

The two men heard a snort filled with coldness and while they were still inwardly shocked and amazed by the scene before their eyes, that person punched forward a seemingly simple swing.

Bang!

The body of the Shadow Tiger was as if it had been hit by a huge cargo truck since after receiving the impact of that person's fist, it was sent flying straight up hundreds of meters as if it were a cannonball propelled by gunpowder.

Several pieces of flesh came off from the impact site and the blood left a large stain on the ground before finally being washed away by the endless raindrops. But this was not all.

The explosion had been loud enough to attract the attention of those at the front and since those on the back lines were already trying to stop the Shadow Tiger from the start, now almost all those in the vicinity noticed the presence of the newcomer.

The Shadow Tiger's body flew away without any apparent control, but under everyone's dumbfounded gaze, the extremely tough and sturdy body of the beast struck the bodies of dozens of beasts that were on the way.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!....

Even though the Shadow Tiger was already dead, the power contained in its evolved body was nothing to scoff at! Dozens of Unclassified beasts blew up into a bloody mess and amidst the lightning and storm, a dense mist of crimson blood slowly floated down as red drops began to fall to the ground in the form of rain.

For a moment it looked as if the battlefield had fallen silent.

The roar of the beasts seemed to have died down as if suddenly mute, the gunmen unconsciously stopped pulling the trigger or froze as they tried to change the magazine, and the soul evolvers who fought without concern for their lives seemed to regain some of the sanity that identified them as intelligent beings.

How much power was needed to send flying the body of a beast whose might alone was enough to terrify everyone and cause the back lines that supported the front lines to nearly collapse?

The armed men and soul evolvers still remembered clearly how even medium-caliber bullets failed to penetrate the skin of that monster! However, a single hit from this person not only sent the tiger's decapitated body flying but was also enough to wipe out dozens of Unclassified beasts as an extra bonus!

Gu Tao and Old Zhi were looking at the head of the Shadow Tiger at close range with their eyes wide open, and after a more careful look, the two men realized that the head had not been cut off, it had been ripped off with raw brute strength!

The two men looked at each other and both saw the shock in their eyes before looking back at the wide back of the person who saved their lives.

"You..." Gu Tao could barely speak. In a hoarse voice, he finally managed to say, "Who are you...?"

Although both he and Old Zhi beside him already had the answer in their hearts, for some reason they did not dare to believe it. From both men's points of view, the power this person had just demonstrated was not something a human being should possess; it was far beyond what they could comprehend.

The most powerful human beings that Old Zhi and Gu Tao had ever seen in their lives were people like Yan Tu and Evangeline. The power of those two was already insane, both of them were so powerful that it was astonishing; however, they were still at a level of acceptability.

But to take down a beast of such magnitude in one blow? With such ease as if playing a game of house? Such power was definitely the first time both men had witnessed it, and even though they had both reached level 20, they could not even comprehend what level the existence before them was at.

That person did not respond immediately and instead muttered in a low voice, "No more of these stats? I wouldn't be surprised if from now on the First Order stops giving me anything good... Although, well...? I will not know before I evolve to the next stage anyway."

It was only after muttering somewhat intangible words that this person slowly turned around to face the two men, revealing a handsome face that was adorned with a pair of eyes as dark as night and as sharp as a legendary sword. His hair as dark as the ink was soaked from the rain but it did not detract from his demeanor brimming with greatness in conjunction with a matching armor set.

"I am Bai Zemin." He replied.

His gaze was cold and indifferent, releasing unconscious pressure that made the two men feel that instead of looking at a person they were looking at a mythological beast.

Soon, however, a faint smile appeared in their savior's eyes and his voice rang out again, "You've done a good job. Both of you can rest and leave the rest to me."

Hearing the name of the person who had just saved their lives in their most desperate moment, realizing that the person many thoughts had died was actually alive and wielding seemingly paragonless power, the two extremely exhausted men finally could no longer fight against Stamina's total exhaustion and passed out on the spot. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

However, even though both Gu Tao and Old Zhi had fainted, they both fell down knowing in their hearts that now everything would be alright.

From now on, everything would be alright.....

While looking at the two fainted men, Bai Zemin sighed in his heart.

Were it not because they felt the explosion caused by Evangeline and Yan Tu's clash against the six First Order beasts, were it not because both he and Shangguan Bing Xue had coincidentally achieved their purpose at that very moment, were it not for the fact that Bai Zemin had absorbed terrifying amounts of Soul Power that had boosted his Agility to almost double what it was and boosted his movement speed to catastrophic levels; the lives of these two brave men would have been lost forever.

A single second later would have been enough for Bai Zemin to lose two soul evolvers who were loyal to him from the bottom of their hearts and revered him.

At the same time, mankind would have lost two potentially great warriors who were courageous enough to fight a beast colossally more powerful than them even though they were aware that their chances of surviving the confrontation were slim to none.

In the span of five seconds since he killed the Shadow Tiger until now, many thoughts went through Bai Zemin's head.

It was then that chaos erupted again.

It was just that this time, the chaos was completely different from before...

"It's the Leader!"

"The Leader is back!"

"Miss Kang really said the truth! The Leader didn't die!"

"Hahaha, you idiot! How could the Leader die so easily!"

...

It didn't matter if it was the armed men closest to Bai Zemin on the back lines of the battlefield or those soul evolvers who just moments ago were fighting with their lives in constant danger to cut off the Unclassified beasts; they all shouted their joy and expelled their worries as they looked at the barely 20-year-old with fervent eyes!

Not all of them had seen Bai Zemin, after all, many of them were just new recruits. However, none of that mattered at the moment! The only important thing was that someone with enough power to literally completely crush a beast on the level of those beasts that had managed to stop the base's most powerful fighters had now appeared and was clearly with them!

The humans seemed to receive a great boost and those who were preparing to flee when things were getting ugly automatically stopped as hope grew within them once again.

Although Bai Zemin noticed several of these people, he did not say anything.

Right now, what humanity least needed was for him, as their leader, to start killing or punishing his kind. At least now was not a good time to warn possible deserters... After all, fear was also a natural thing and Bai Zemin knew that he could not suppress fear with fear if he wanted to rule a worthy kingdom.

Lu Yan carefully observed the surroundings and his heart was filled with surprise when he discovered that the Unclassified beasts suddenly stopped moving.

These mindless beasts that all they knew to do was slaughter and feared nothing in the world suddenly stopped assaulting humans and instead bared their fangs at the human who had just appeared. However, even though the 2500+ Unclassified beasts that were still alive looked extremely threatening, none of them took the initiative to charge forward.

Lu Yan, although not a military man, was a man who spent most of his life as a police officer, so he knew how to seize an opportunity when it came his way.

"To all team leaders, listen to my order!" He picked up his radio and ordered loudly, "The Leader has just returned! I repeat; the Leader has just returned! All troops slowly retreat to the back lines heading southwest!"

While many had realized that something was going on, the battlefield stretched for over a kilometer. This made it simply impossible for each and every man on the battlefield to know exactly what was going on even though they could indistinctly hear the shouts of their comrades in the distance.

Therefore, Lu Yan quickly organized them and these men immediately took advantage of the fact that the beasts seemed to be in a trance to get into their vehicles and return before joining together to form a large semicircle; just behind them was the base where those they somehow or other wanted to protect were located.

A few seconds after Bai Zemin arrived, Shangguan Bing Xue appeared at his side along with a breeze of fresh air. Even in the midst of the storm, the jasmine scent of her skin could not escape his senses.

Lu Yan slowly approached and upon seeing Shangguan Bing Xue nodded respectfully before looking at Bai Zemin with complicated eyes. However, in the end, he said the emotions that filled him the most at that moment, "It's good that you came back."

Bai Zemin nodded towards him with a faint smile but said nothing.

Soon enough, an injured Evangeline and Kang Lan approached and stood beside him.

"Are you two okay?" Bai Zemin asked with a slight frown as he saw the condition of the two women.

Kang Lan smiled bitterly and said exhaustedly, "Leader, I'm afraid I can't heal until tomorrow.... Were it not for your arrival and the strange behavior of those First Order creatures that suddenly froze, a couple of broken fingers and a fractured shoulder might not be my only problem..."

Evangeline said nothing but it was obvious that she was also glad that Bai Zemin hadn't died in the middle of that terrifying explosion deep in the heart of the forest. Even though she was clearly exhausted, the steady look in her eyes remained unchanged and Bai Zemin couldn't help but praise her in his heart.

"Both of you have done a great job surviving." He looked at both of them and praised them sincerely.

Not for fighting... But for surviving.

Bai Zemin's words did not surprise Kang Lan very much since she had been following him from the beginning of the apocalypse when the world changed and became the hell it was today.

However, the same could not be said for Evangeline.

* * * * * * *

Thanks a lot to all those who use their Golden Tickets to vote for BW <3