Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

After driving approximately two kilometers away, all the modified vehicles entered the base gates and the soldiers hid behind the walls. Although the walls were barely 2 or 3 meters high, in case something happened first, the walls would receive the strongest impact and this would increase the chances of survival in the face of danger.

Meanwhile, Lu Yan and the rest of the soul evolvers above level 15 climbed several buildings in an attempt to see what was happening. Unfortunately, only a few of them had binoculars so most could only try to strain their eyes fruitlessly.

"That blood stuff is visible even from here." Yan Tu muttered in a serious voice as his sharp eyes reflected the blood vortex in the distance. With his level, it was not necessary to use binoculars to see far away.

Even though it barely looked like a sphere little bigger than a dot from over two thousand meters distance, the fact that such a phenomenon still was visible even from such a distance already was a thing of madness.

"..." Lu Yan said nothing at all, and after several seconds finally said in a serious voice, "Yan Tu, if you still have any thoughts of taking over again just discard it."

Yan Tu remained silent before finally saying a single word: "Understood."

Yan Tu was completely loyal to Lu Yan's family and was willing to do anything for them to thank them for what they had done for him in the past. From his point of view, Lu Yan was a man worthy of following and whose intelligence qualified him to rule.

However, being loyal and being foolish were two completely different things. Yan Tu had already realized that the current him had no hope of defeating someone of Bai Zemin's caliber. It was just that tonight he even came to feel that defeating the silver-haired moonshine woman named Shangguan Bing Xue suddenly seemed to have become much more difficult than it already was.

As for Bai Zemin.... Yan Tu barely dared to look him defiantly in the eyes for an instant before his whole soul trembled as if threatening to collapse just like a building whose foundation was useless in the face of the power of a maximum earthquake.

As the two men chatted, a cold voice sounded from behind them:

"From what I know of him, which is arguably no small thing, Bai Zemin is quite tolerant. But there is one thing he definitely does not tolerate... Do you know what it is?"

Lu Yan Yan's face changed and Yan Tu's muscles automatically tensed as both men turned at the same time only to see that at some unknown moment to them, Shangguan Bing Xue was standing twenty meters away on the other side of the building.

Her blue eyes flashed with a tinge of coldness and she continued indifferently, "The betrayal. If any person ever dares to make a false step, kindly remind them that the result of being defeated means not only the death of those directly involved but also the eternal enslavement of all their family members."

Lu Yan looked at her and calmly replied, "None of us thought of such a thing."

Her eyes glittered uncharacteristically and she remarked coldly, "Nor did I say that any of you ever did."

After saying these words, Shangguan Bing Xue used her fingertips to leap and swoop gracefully toward another building, floating through the air like a butterfly and disappearing from the two men's line of sight soon after.

Seeing this, Lu Yan sighed and shook his head. Any strange thoughts he had ever had finally disappeared completely.

Although he was someone with ambition and naturally wanted to reign supreme, the thought of his precious daughter becoming a slave made his mind almost completely collapse wishing he had never even thought of such a thing.

"What terrifying young women." He chuckled before turning back to using the military binoculars to look off into the distance.

* * *

Of course, Bai Zemin was not going to launch Crimson Blood Judgment for the second time in the same night as Shangguan Bing Xue had thought.

To be honest, he was still a little afraid of that skill. Since the beginning of the apocalypse, Bai Zemin's life had always been in constant danger; however, tonight was one of the few times when his life encountered extreme danger. Worst of all, the main cause of it all had been himself!

Bai Zemin did not have even the slightest doubt that if he did not manage to timely escape from Crimson Blood Judgment's range, by this time his body would have been completely burned to charcoal or directly turned into ashes. Even if he did not know how powerful that attack was, he was not so arrogant as to stupidly believe that his physical body would be able to withstand something that even the physical body of powerful Second Order beasts could not.

However, the attack he was soon to launch should not be underestimated since while this was the first time he had used it he had already done something similar a few hours ago.

"Hehehe... Little brother Zemin, you sure come up with some crazy stuff." Lilith appeared high in the sky, her elegant feet resting gently on one of the blood chains while her long black dress swayed slightly showing off her ivory legs.

"Can you read my mind or what?"

Bai Zemin looked at her and marveled at the tantalizing sight in which her dress was lifted high enough to make suggestive but at the same time without revealing anything that could be considered obscene.

She really is a little succubus full of pranks. He thought to himself before shaking his head and focusing on the matter at hand.

Bai Zemin flexed his knees and clutched his big sword with both hands. The muscles in his legs tightened as much as possible and the shattered ground beneath his feet began to crack slightly.

Bang!

With a leap powered by over 730 Strength points, Bai Zemin's body flew into the skies like a cannonball at a speed considerably close to the speed of sound before the world began to evolve.

The strong winds cut his face and the storm blocked his vision. Were it not for the fact that his Stamina was especially high and close to 1000 points, Bai Zemin was sure that his physical body would not be able to handle the enormous pressure he was feeling at that moment.

When he was about a hundred meters above the ground, the Earth's gravity slowly began to pull him back down to the ground. However, before he had even descended two meters, a blood chain shot out from the blood vortex and settled right below his feet.

Bang!

Bai Zemin used the blood chain to jump back up and in the blink of an eye, his body was over two hundred meters above the ground.

Bang!

Bang!

Bang!

With three additional full-power jumps, Bai Zemin finally reached 500 meters high and it was only then that he decided that it was enough.

Even though it was only half a kilometer away from the ground, the winds were hitting a lot harder in this area and Bai Zemin could feel how the electric energy from the lightning seemed to want to hit his body constantly. From a certain point of view, it was as if nature were rejecting his existence.

Held by a pair of blood chains, Bai Zemin inwardly sneered. Regardless of whether nature rejected him or the world feared him, none of this mattered to him. The only thing that went into his eyes were his goals, and for them, he was willing to do anything; this was something Bai Zemin had already demonstrated since day 1 of the apocalypse.

"Let me see how you're going to continue hiding now." He muttered under his breath and raised his greatsword high up, beyond his head and pointing towards the clouds as if challenging the heavens.

His dark eyes opened abruptly and without reservation, he swung the greatsword downward. However, this was no normal slash as just as the tip of the weapon was pointing towards the ground, Bai Zemin released his grip on the hilt.

A split second before the crimson-colored greatsword completely escaped from his hands, Bai Zemin used the small amount of Mana he had left to activate Gravity Manipulation x15.

Bang!

The blade of the greatsword constructed by hundreds of scales from a First Order snake slammed down and like a meteorite breaking through the atmosphere lit up for a second as a huge flame enveloped it and caused a faint flash to be seen from afar that disappeared as soon as it appeared.

In just an instant, Bai Zemin's Blaze Scale Greatsword had closed the distance of 500 meters.

When the giant sword came into contact with the ground, the world seemed to freeze for an instant and Bai Zemin seemed to hear his own inner voice shouting, "Please hang on!"

Immediately after, the whole world seemed to tremble.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!

As if several hundred grenades joined together to cause a major explosion, the earth shuddered horribly and a shockwave large enough to send Bai Zemin flying spread everywhere in the form of a sword.

There were no flashes of light, no flames, even the sound of the storm seemed to stop for an instant; there was no sound except the rumbling of the earth. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

The shock wave spread so far and with so much power that all the buildings that were already destroyed were crushed and the huge trees three kilometers away on the outer perimeter of the forest were shattered into millions of tiny fragments of wood.

Two kilometers away, the soldiers and soul evolvers screamed at the same time when they saw the huge shockwave forming what looked like a wind sword slashing towards them.

Shangguan Bing Xue's face changed slightly and she hurriedly erected two thick walls of ice that stretched several hundred meters just outside the base. Such a thing would definitely not have been possible in the past, but her Ice Maker skill was no longer the same as before!

Bang!

The first wall of ice was smashed into pieces, but the power of the shockwave was greatly reduced after traveling a distance of two kilometers so the defensive power of the wall weakened its destructive power even more.

The second ice wall resisted for an instant before it too was destroyed by the shockwave.

The shockwave continued to advance another two hundred meters and hit the base wall hard. Thousands of tiny cracks spread the length and breadth of the wall. Fortunately, the power of the shockwave was already almost completely exhausted so the stone defense managed to hold on without collapsing completely.

Those closest to the wall felt their hearts seem to stop for an instant and their faces pale as a dead man's looked forward in a daze. Each of them felt as if a new life had been bestowed upon them tonight!

If that shockwave hit them, all of them might well explode in blood mist! The only survivors of that thing would only be the soul evolvers whose bodies were far more strong than those of a normal human!

Shangguan Bing Xue gritted her teeth and even with her politeness couldn't help but curse under her breath, "Damn it... This person is really crazy."

In the distance, Bai Zemin quickly controlled several blood chains to catch him as his body plummeted towards the ground. When he finally managed to steady himself, a bead of sweat trickled down his face as he looked down.

Even though he had absorbed the Soul Power of a creature called First Order Earth Armor Worm, a close call and he almost ends up killing the rest of the beasts as well.

"This skill.... I really should use it with caution from now on."

* * * * * * *

Thank you very much to everyone who voted for Blood Warlock with their Golden Tickets! We are very close to surpass Cultivation Online :D