Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

How many enemies did Bai Zemin currently face? He did not know the exact number. He simply had no way of knowing as the green army composed of thousands upon thousands of goblins spread out in the distance, covering Bai Zemin's field of vision.

How many enemies were within the attack range of the giant blood sword that Bai Zemin created? He also had no way of knowing the exact number. But if there was one thing Bai Zemin was sure of, it was that at least tens of thousands of goblins had been slaughtered the instant the attack hit the ground.

Among the slain goblins were mostly Unclassified goblins, but Bai Zemin sensed the indistinguishable Soul Power belonging to First Order existences being assimilated by his own soul; this meant that even a First Order existence could no longer withstand attacks from Bai Zemin even if he was not focused on them. Of course, this was only possible because the blood weapon contained over 200 Mana points and was wielded with over 750 points of pure Strength.

However, Bai Zemin knew in his heart that these Unclassified goblins and the First Order goblins were the rightful soldiers and commanders. The true general had yet to show itself.

"Oh? I didn't expect that instead of one there would be five of you." Bai Zemin stood with his back straight as he narrowed his eyes and smiled slightly at the sight that greeted him.

The sea of goblins opened practically in unison as if they had practiced it a thousand of times and five silhouettes came out from the back. These five walked with their heads held high and even though their faces were 100% goblin, the arrogant look in their eyes and the confident smile at the corner of their jaws was too obvious not to notice that the intelligence of these goblins had reached quite a high level.

Bai Zemin's heart constricted slightly as he somehow realized that the intelligence of these five goblins had reached at least the stage of a young human teenager. This was definitely not good news if it was really the case since fighting enemies without intelligence and without a command center was infinitely easier than battling a smart enemy.

As this thought flashed in his mind, Bai Zemin's eyes grew cold and the murderous intent in his heart grew to the point where a faint crimson aura began to surround his body as a result of the unconscious exposure of Soul Power.

"Kakaka! Human man, you are strong! I can feel it!"

A goblin whose skin was slightly bluish and whose size was comparable to that of an adult human laughed raucously as he glared at Bai Zemin with disdain.

"However, you are still a minor First Order force. You can't even compare to one of us, let alone five of us together!"

The goblin waved a sword made of bone whose shape was quite uncanny and a freeing green aura appeared above the blade.

Swoosh!

Wind-like energy flew towards Bai Zemin and even from afar he could feel the sharp edge behind the incoming attack. However, he did not move from his position and his expression remained impassive.

Swoosh!

The wind blade cut past his face, passing an inch away from his left cheek and cutting a hair or two in the process before finally striking the ruined building behind him.

The wind blade seemed to disappear beyond the walls of the building, however, soon the unthinkable happened.

Rumble...

The building shook fiercely from the middle as a perfectly horizontal line suddenly appeared separating it into two parts. Then, like a house of cards, the building began to slowly collapse until it finally could not take it anymore and became a pile of rubble.

'As expected of a Second Order existence'. Bai Zemin thought to himself calmly.

He still hadn't forgotten that he ended up half-dead in his battle against the Second Order Archaic Bear even though he had recently ended the lives of two Second Order beings and severely injured another. Those two Second Order kills were caused by a heavy surprise attack, not by direct combat like the one he would have to face any time soon. The situation in the mutant forest and the current situation were completely different.

"Kakakaka!" The blue-skinned goblin laughed and then proudly yelled, "I can tell by the frozen expression on your face that you didn't even see my attack coming, human!"

The pressure Bai Zemin relaxed greatly as he heard the pride and mockery in the blue-skinned goblin's tone. It was obvious that this beast had good intelligence but that arrogance made him a predictable opponent.

"All right, enough with the laughter, Kreir." A goblin whose skin was slightly purplish spoke.

His voice was loud and powerful as was his burly body packed with explosive muscles. This goblin wielded a weapon similar to a claymore made of bone and only from afar made it clear that the power of that weapon could compare to the attack power of a Rank 1 weapon like Bai Zemin's.

"You're such a killjoy, Geminder!" The blue-skinned goblin named Kreir snorted and began to growl under his breath.

"Hey, Geminder. Can I have this human all to myself?" A female goblin looked at Bai Zemin from head to toe and licked her purple lips with her long tongue, "I like this human male. He looks strong and powerful. He will definitely be able to take it for a while before he dies, unlike those human males from before."

Bai Zemin's expression became slightly colder as he heard these words and his indifferent eyes rested on the female goblin who had just spoken.

"I like those eyes. We can definitely have fun together on the bed, I'm sure of it." The female goblin was not intimidated by Bai Zemin's gaze and instead began to fool around with her bare breasts as if she wanted to tempt him.

This female goblin was a beauty if compared to the Unclassified goblin females Bai Zemin had seen before. However, she was still ugly if compared to even the ugliest woman in humanity so her seduction approach could only cause disgust and the urge to vomit in anyone who looked at her.

What caught Bai Zemin's attention was that he couldn't see any weapons on this female goblin, which indirectly caused him to raise his guard slightly against her.

"Kikiki! Kurano, how about we fuck after it?" Another goblin spoke as he looked at the Second Order goblin female with lust.

This goblin had a bone staff in his bare hands and appeared to have a white beard similar to that of a human elder. The most striking thing was that this goblin was actually wearing human clothing and if not for his shaved green head could pass for a human being if viewed from distance and from the back. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

"Fuck?" The female goblin named Kurano looked at the crotch of the goblin who had just given her an invitation and sneered, "Abil, did you forget how your little thang didn't even manage to make me cum even once? You fucking disgusting monster."

"Kikiki!" The bone staff goblin named Abil didn't mind and instead laughed again as if he had heard a good joke.

"That's enough!" The burly goblin with the bone claymore named Geminder bellowed and released a huge pressure as he said with a slight tinge of anger in his voice, "You three, why can't you be more like Inac and act a bit more serious?!"

Hearing Geminder's words, the other three goblins immediately fell silent and cringed slightly as they felt the pressure exuding from the muscular goblin's body.

Bai Zemin's pupils twitched slightly as he felt the huge pressure released by the goblin named Geminder. This beast was definitely the most powerful being Bai Zemin had ever faced!

He took a sidelong glance at the goblin that had been silent until now, the one called Inac, and noticed that this goblin carried a normal bone bow and a quiver stuffed with bone and black wood arrows on his back. The expression on this goblin's face was serious and cold as he stared at him and fiddled with the string of his bow as if he couldn't wait to try something.

When everyone was silent, Geminder looked at Bai Zemin and said with seriousness, "Human, surrender. I know you are strong, probably as strong as me despite being one stage below."

"What?"

"Geminder, is that true?"

"Kikiki..."

"Impossible!"

The four goblins had different reactions when they heard the words Geminder had just pronounced. They all looked at Bai Zemin and then looked back at Geminder and their wide eyes showed how surprised they were.

"Hmph." Geminder coldly snorted and did not respond. All of his attention was on Bai Zemin as he calmly said, "If you and I were to fight in a 1 vs 1, your odds of victory and survival would probably be around 40%. However, with Kreir, Kurano, Abil, and Inac here.... I think you understand what I mean. I propose you surrender and in exchange, you can take your loved ones with you while leaving the rest behind. Not a bad offer, don't you think?"

Geminder was the senior leader of all the goblins that had been born in the northern area of China. At the moment he had under his command over 500,000 goblins but not all of them were present as around 350,000 were scattered all over the north hunting other races and attacking humans.

As the main leader, Geminder was quite level-headed and his intelligence was comparable to that of a fully grown and mature adult human. From the moment he was born, he already possessed the strength of a peak First Order existence and was now in the high Second Order. Throughout the apocalypse, Geminder had come into contact with hundreds of humans and after a certain period of observation concluded that the vast majority of them were emotional beings.

Since Geminder still did not want to have an all-out confrontation against a human potency, he decided to tempt the strongest person of the enemy and offer him what he believed to be a good deal.

Seeing that Geminder seemed to be cautious enough to let a human go, the other four leaders of the northern goblin army finally looked at Bai Zemin carefully as if they wanted to get some sense from him.

"However, I can't sense anything." Inac finally spoke, his voice was slightly hoarse probably from being silent for a long time. The goblin with the bow shook his head and said confused and with slight arrogance in his voice, "Even though the power within him is very pure, it doesn't seem to be enough to threaten us, proud Second Order goblins."

Geminder ignored Inac and overlooked the nod of the other goblins beside him. Instead, he pursued, "How about it, human? Not a bad deal, is it?"

Bai Zemin did not speak from the beginning except when he was surprised by the arrival of five Second Order beings. He observed and studied the characteristics of the enemies in front of him very carefully.

Seeing the weapons of each one, it was not difficult to imagine the type of position on the battlefield of the goblins. In addition, this brief period of observation made it possible for Bai Zemin to draw several detailed conclusions about how it could probably be the preferred battle style of these creatures just based on the personality that each of them showed so far.

In the end, Bai Zemin concluded that he just had to watch out for the goblin with the bone staff and the goblin with the huge claymore. Then, he just had to be a little cautious with the female goblin and always keep an eye on the silent goblin.

As for the names of these goblins.... He didn't even pay attention to them so he couldn't remember them at all. They were just a bunch of disgusting beasts that only knew how to slaughter or rape but dared to give themselves names? Bai Zemin felt like vomiting at such a thought.

His expression was as cold as ice as he said indifferently, "I don't understand beast language. How about you try again?"

* * * * * * *

Thank you very much to everyone who voted for Blood Warlock with Golden Tickets! <3