Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Geminder was not only a Second Order existence, he was an extremely powerful one at that!

Having reached level 87, Geminder could proudly consider himself as an existence that was at the top of the Second Order.

Goblins belonged to a race that had a high birth rate and whose growth speed could only be considered frighteningly fast. Among them, 70% of goblins did not have much chance of even reaching the First Order, forget about advancing beyond it. Therefore, the "geniuses" of the goblin race was something that the universe could rarely see from its birth.

Let's take Geminder as an example; he was a Second Order goblin level 87, only 13 levels away from reaching level 100 which was the milestone to break into the Third Order. This alone was impressive enough and he was probably one of the few goblins in history to have made it that far. Of course, to all this had to be added the lightning-fast speed at which all living things on planet Earth were evolving as well as the innate advantage of birth.

However, there was one big problem. This problem was that even if Geminder was extremely talented and grew at surprisingly fast speeds; in reality, it was extremely improbable that he would ever make it beyond the Third Order.

Goblins were born, developed, and evolved at much higher speeds than most humans. However, everything that had advantages also had disadvantages and the Soul Record was a universal existence or system that was so far considered fair. Therefore, the goblins faced a milestone that was basically impossible to overcome once they set foot in the Third Order.

Still, considering the current Earth's stage of evolution, the five leaders of the goblin army were undoubtedly supreme existences; this was especially so for Geminder.

Unfortunately, Bai Zemin was an anomaly that should not exist; an existence that had broken all the parameters envisioned by a Sixth Order existence like Lilith, the world he was born into, and even the Soul Record itself as it took hours to find a suitable path for him.

Bang!

While Geminder was moving very fast, in Bai Zemin's eyes it was actually a movement speed that he did not need to fear. However, instead of dodging the enemy's fierce incoming attack, a mysterious smile appeared at the corner of his mouth.

Geminder felt that something was wrong at the sight of Bai Zemin's smile, however, by the time this premonition appeared inside him he had already arrived right in front of the human and there was no turning back. Moreover, the bubbling anger burning inside him made it difficult to reason clearly and adhere to such reasoning.

"Jaaaaaa!" Geminder bellowed at the top of his lungs and his arm muscles bulged to the max as he slashed his sword furiously downward.

Bang!

The ground beneath Bai Zemin's feet was crushed even before the attack landed successfully and the atmospheric pressure seemed to disappear for an instant as proof of how furious Geminder's attack was!

Boom!

The earth shook and without any hindrance or impediment, the huge bone claymore struck Bai Zemin's body hard and smashed him to the ground.

Rumble...

As he felt the earth tremble beneath his feet, Geminder's pupils constricted to the size of a needle when he heard the unmistakable sound of lightning flashing beyond him.

Not good! Geminder soon realized the reason why he had previously felt that something was off. He had been tricked by the enemy!

A thought flashed in his mind and without even looking back for lack of time he shouted, "Kreir, behind you!"

Kreir might be arrogant but he was definitely not a mental retard incapable of comprehending what was happening before his eyes. Watching as the body of the human he hated to the marrow of his bones decomposed into nothingness, he had already realized that Geminder had failed to restrain the First Order human and his animal instinct warned him that his life might be in mortal danger.

Hearing Germinder's warning cry, Kreir hastily raised his bone sword and slashed without looking back. The powerful wind energy shot out from the blade of the sword like an unstoppable whirlwind and swept everything in its path!

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!....

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!...

...

Hundreds and thousands of goblins behind it were immediately torn to shreds. Greenish blood splattered everywhere as cries of pain filled the chaotic battlefield.

However, Kreir was not attacked as most expected. Although he was confused, he was inadvertently glad he was not targeted. Kreir was sure that if he and that human exchanged places, he would definitely attack without hesitation as the hatred between the two could be said to be greater.

What Kreir did not know was that Bai Zemin did not hate him more than the rest. In his eyes, all goblins were the same; despicable rapists and murderers who only hunted for no apparent sense or reason.

Even so, Bai Zemin made use of his previous discussion with Kreir to confuse the enemy for a brief moment.

Swoosh!

Abil, the mage and priest of the goblin race as well as the royal advisor and strategist of the army, suddenly felt the atmosphere around him shudder for a brief moment. This small movement could go unnoticed in most cases and everyone would think that an irregular breeze of wind passed by.

However, only one thought was born in Abil's head when he felt that small movement.

'Shit!'

Boom!

A thunderous explosion shook the tympani of all the goblins 500 meters around the blast and those within a 100 meter area directly fainted due to the shock.

The upper half of Abil's body exploded into a mess of flesh, blood, and bones, flying up into the sky and then raining everywhere in a messy manner and even the staff was not spared from the total destruction. The lower half remained on its feet for a brief moment before slowly collapsing to the ground.

Some of Abil's blood landed on the body of the female goblin named Kurano as she was relatively close of him. She was forced back several steps due to the remaining shockwave, but her mind was in a daze as she felt the warm blood slowly raining down her cheek.

"A- Abil... Abil just... Just died?" the female goblin muttered in shock.

Kurano's purple eyes looked at the handsome human a hundred meters away and saw that this human whom she planned to make into her trophy and doll upon which she could unleash her unbridled lust was now holding the greatsword that was previously sealed in the scabbard on his back.

[You have absorbed the Soul Power of Second Order 'Albil' level 69. You cannot gain extra stats by being in the course of an evolution trial.]

Green letters flashed in Bai Zemin's retina and as he swung his greatsword with a loud swish that made the air burst outward, the fragments of flesh that had been stuck on the sword flew everywhere.

Even though he had just ended the life of a Second Order existence, Bai Zemin's expression remained unchanged.

One needed to know that despite the difference between Bai Zemin and Abil being only 19 levels, the true difference between the two was like comparing the highest floor of a building to the lowest floor of that building; they were completely different levels due to the stage they were both at!

"BASTARD!"

Bai Zemin heard the enraged roar of the goblin army's main leader followed by a loud bang, and judging by the atmospheric pressure increasing more and more it became all too evident that Geminder was approaching at thunderous speeds.

Bang!

Bai Zemin stomped the ground and launched himself like a whirlwind of explosive wind towards the female goblin. The distance of a few tens of meters closed in a mere instant and he raised his sword high as the murderous intent in his gaze bubbled to the brim!

Kurano was startled to see the expression on the human's face before her. Hastily she lifted both hands and both of her hands seemed to transform into two strange curved blades.

Seeing the female hoblin dare to take the blow of his greatsword with what appeared to be two weak blades, Bai Zemin secretly sneered and could already imagine the creature's arms bursting into a bloody mess.

However, to his surprise, such a thing did not happen.

As if his blow had met with a huge cotton ball, most of Bai Zemin's attack was repelled by a strange force. Kurano had been completely unharmed!

The remaining force behind the blow was not enough to cause Kurano to get hurt. Moreover, with surprising agility she masterfully harnessed the remaining force to send herself flying in the opposite direction, increasing the distance between her and the human by tens of meters in less than a second. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Unfortunately, Bai Zemin had already made up his mind to claim her life.

[Shadow Blink!]

Kurano's eyes widened as in mid-flight she realized that less than a meter away the human she had left behind just a moment ago suddenly appeared.

How could this be possible! She couldn't believe it and her expression of disbelief exposed it.

Bai Zemin didn't even give her time to react as he clenched his left fist tightly and punched fiercely towards Kurano's chest.

"Stop!"

Bai Zemin ignored Geminder's shout again and contrary to what the goblin demanded, he added even more strength to his fist!

Bang!

From a distance of less than a meter and after being taken by surprise, Kurano couldn't even respond in time when Bai Zemin's fist went straight through her chest, crushing her heart and destroying her lungs before she was sent flying tens of meters while blood splattered all over the ground.

"Kurano, no!" Geminder shouted in fright and terror at the sight of Kurano taking such a heavy hit directly in a vital area. He hastily stopped his enraged charge and ran to her to check her condition.

Kurano was a goblin who had been born on the same day, in the same place, and at the same instant as Geminder! After fighting countless battles together and evolving shoulder to shoulder, the relationship between the two was not different from the one of blood siblings!

While holding her in his arms, Kurano opened her mouth to say something while her tired eyes looked at Geminder's as if trying to communicate with her gaze. Unfortunately, the only thing that came out of her mouth was a large mouthful of fresh blood along with fragments of internal organs and broken bones.

Finally, her eyes lost all light and her head fell weakly. She had died.

Geminder's lips trembled as he witnessed this. In less than five seconds, the proud and ever arrogant him had lost an old battle comrade with whom he had experienced many things and had also lost someone he treasured as a family member.

Geminder's body trembled as he remained on his left knee, still holding Kurano's lifeless body. No one knew what this great goblin leader was thinking or feeling at this moment.

[You have absorbed the Soul Power of Second Order 'Kurano' level 73....]

Bai Zemin ignored Geminder's bizarre reaction and finally relaxed a bit. Having taken off two Second Order beings, and two of whom he had the least information about their abilities, he felt as if a heavy burden was lifted from his heart.

Although he was secretly surprised at how terrifyingly powerful he had become in such a short time, he was aware that this was not the right time to act with surprise since regardless of how overwhelming it seemed, the truth was that at this point he had activated Lightning Movement, Invisibility, and Shadow Blink to perform surprise attacks at the speed of light. If it wasn't thanks to these powerful skills, Bai Zemin wasn't so confident that he could take out two Second Order existences with such ease.

* * * * * * *

Thank you very much to everyone who voted for Blood Warlock with Golden Tickets! <3