Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

In front of Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue's shining eyes, a large number of treasure orbs were stacked next to each other. The number might not be colossal nor enough to make those worlds that have been constantly evolving be surprised, however, for a world like Earth that had just started the evolution process less than two months ago, such a number of treasures appearing at the same time could be considered a rarity.

"I wonder if any other faction has obtained such a large amount of treasures in a single shot..." Shangguan Bing Xue casually inquired. "There are definitely at least 200 normal treasure orbs and a few rare ones here."

Bai Zemin nodded and added, "In addition to the various skill scrolls, with this we will be able to build up a new troop of soul evolvers or empower the current ones even more."

Because Bai Zemin's Soul Power was becoming purer and purer, his own soul seemed to be becoming picky as well. What did this mean? Put into simple and easy-to-understand words, a large amount of the Unclassified Soul Power of the low-level goblins was rejected by his soul.

What did this result in? Easy.

Since the Soul Power was not absorbed, the Soul Record converted what it could into treasures or skills scrolls.

Although there were no tens of thousands of treasure orbs even though Bai Zemin killed tens of thousands of goblins, these few hundred were enough to make him happy. He even wished that the goblins would come back again so that he could obtain another few hundred of treasures more.

Unconsciously, his hand moved to his leather bag and gave it a little pat.

The movement was small but enough to attract Shangguan Bing Xue's attention. She looked at him and chuckled as she said with a smile on her face, "Even though you only got a green colored orb in this case, there were a few yellow orbs. I guess you'll be able to enjoy some extra Magic grade treasures soon."

"Yeah." Bai Zemin nodded with a faint smile. "Besides, I also got a good stuff. I'll show it to you later."

Shangguan Bing Xue's curiosity piqued upon hearing this. However, seeing that Bai Zemin was acting mysterious she didn't ask further and simply nodded, deciding to wait and see.

After finishing collecting all the treasure orbs, skill scrolls, and any other drops the goblins might have dropped, Bai Zemin decided it was safe to let a group of survivors enter the base now.

It had been quite a while and the goblins showed no signs of returning, which meant they really wouldn't be coming back. At least, the odds of such a thing happening were extremely low and Bai Zemin didn't think that Second Order goblin named Kreir would be such an idiot as to return after they encountered the incarnation of annihilation either.

Approximately ten minutes later, a large group of survivors mounted on a few buses returned to the base. The faces of many turned pale at the sight of the carnage and there were a few who could not help but vomit as the putrid smell of death assaulted them.

The few soldiers who accompanied these survivors to make sure nothing bad happened looked at Bai Zemin as if they were looking at a true god. How could they not be revering him? The young man before their eyes was the physical representation of a man with the power to destroy an army by himself!

Many felt their hearts pounding fiercely and the blood of several of them began to bubble to the brim. With this kind of leader, what did they have to worry about!! Who was there to fear?! The ones they should fear were those who pointed their spears and swords against them! Those who should be worried were those who dared to oppose their steps!

They, as members of the faction of such a monster with human skin, would naturally benefit greatly not only now but also in the future!

After a brief moment when things got slightly out of control in the presence of so many corpses, more than 300 survivors began to pierce the goblin heads in search of Soul Stones.

Fortunately, goblin skin was not too tough and from a certain point of view was only slightly tougher than human skin. On top of that, the survivors were using knives forged from the bones of wild beasts so it was not a challenge to pierce their skulls at all.

Still, Bai Zemin underestimated the number of slaughtered goblins too much or perhaps he forgot that the reason why he and Shangguan Bing Xue were able to go through every single body in search of treasures was thanks to the incredibly high Agility they had.

Even after 2 hours, the 300+ survivors had barely covered a little over 10,000 corpses of which they found over 2000 Unclassified Soul Stones and a few First Order Soul Stones.

In the end, another group of 600 survivors had to be called in and mobilized to help the previous one. Otherwise, even after ten hours, it was not certain that the job would be completed and Bai Zemin did not feel like staying another day in this place.

Approximately after another three hours, around noontime, the more than 60,000 goblin corpses had gained another hole in their broken bodies. Those who had formed a Soul Stone within them were stripped of this valuable item and those who had not were kicked aside by the survivors.

While Bai Zemin could have taken all these corpses away, the truth was that the material of the Unclassified goblins was not good for forging. Therefore, instead of bothering with it he simply ordered to collect as many weapons as possible and load them into a separate truck; even a broken bone arrow was not left behind.

Of course, Bai Zemin sternly ordered to take the corpses of the First Order and Second Order goblins apart; the quality of these bodies was incomparable to that of the Unclassified goblins and even if they were not as high quality as that of the beasts of the same stage they were still good forging material.

Lu Xiaoyao approached Bai Zemin and while looking at him with complicated eyes, quietly reported, "Leader, everything is ready. We can leave immediately."

This young man in front of her had arrived at the North Camp a little over a week ago. He came out of nowhere and without warning, killing one of the former top leaders of the base and taking his father's position as if it was his own in the first place. At first, Lu Xiaoyao was naturally upset and in her eyes, Bai Zemin was nothing more than a barbarian who would sooner or later get his retribution.

However, as the days passed, her mindset slowly began to transform. As she matured and observed the movements of this young man not much older than her, she realized that Bai Zemin was not a bad leader and despite his imperfections as well as his vicious tendencies, everything he did was always based on the benefit of all whether in the short term or in the long run. Therefore, her thoughts about him also began to change. Now, Lu Xiaoyao felt that having such a leader was not so bad after all.

Besides, with the strength demonstrated by Bai Zemin, no one in their right mind would ever dare to oppose him unless they wanted to die. Even an army of tens of thousands of soul evolvers of the goblin race was overwhelmed while tens of thousands of other remnants were forced to flee like homeless dogs; all done by him alone!

While looking at that straight back, Lu Xiaoyao felt as if she was looking at an unreachable mountain.

Bai Zemin stretched his hand forward and the crimson pearl floated a few inches above it. A huge suction pull came out from inside the pearl as a strange wave of mana spread out in the distance.

He activated Blood Manipulation and under everyone's shocked gaze, thousands upon thousands of liters of blood floated through the air in his direction before being absorbed by the tiny pearl, disappearing without a trace.

No matter how many times they saw it, they still did not cease to be amazed! The scene of seeing countless drops of blood floating down and filling the skies was by no means small enough not to be shocked!

After absorbing as much blood as possible and separating it according to quality inside the liquid storage pearl, Bai Zemin pointed his right hand towards the mountain of corpses and with a thought the skill of the Blazing Ring on his index finger was immediately activated.

Crimson flames flew out to form what appeared to be a fire dragon, engulfing the corpses of the Unclassified goblins. It was only a few seconds before a huge bonfire seemed to ignite in the middle of the now destroyed base and the smell of death permeated the area.

A few minutes later, the sound of engines echoed all around and with the sun blazing high, a motorcade of over two hundred large and small vehicles set off in a southerly direction.

The vehicles soon disappeared further into the distant horizon, leaving behind as the only evidence that they were ever there a large mountain of corpses that seemed to weep in silence as they slowly turned into nothing but ashes which the night breeze would spread across what not long ago was a terrifying and bloody battlefield.

* * *

The journey back south had its pros and cons compared to when Bai Zemin, Shangguan Bing Xue, Nangong Yi, and Nangong Lingxin had traveled north to take control over the North Camp.

One of the clear advantages was that when the group of four led by Bai Zemin advanced northward, they had to clear a section of the road; this was improved even more when the large group led by Fu Xuefeng and Kang Lan responded to Shangguan Bing Xue's call and also headed north.

Basically, although there were some obstacles such as vehicles that were overturned by wild beasts, the entire road was clear, and except for worrying about some areas destroyed by some massive-sized creatures, the convoy of vehicles was able to progress smoothly at a much faster speed than before.

However, this advantage was basically nullified by the two major disadvantages:

1) The number of vehicles was much larger due to the large number of survivors. In order to avoid getting separated and thus prevent possible deaths or straying, everyone's speed had no choice but to become more moderate than it actually could be.

2) The heavy weight of the corpses of many wild beasts that could not be dismantled in time due to Bai Zemin's rush to return to the Beginning Village as soon as possible; These giant corpses caused the speed at which the vehicles were moving to fall by default and since no one wanted to push the engines any harder than they already did, the speed could only be kept to a reasonable maximum.

...

Two days later.

Bai Zemin was sitting in the back seat of a very large military jeep.

This military jeep was found in a village not far from their current position along with several dead bodies and bullet shells. Bai Zemin and the rest estimated that a small military group probably found some trouble in that place as there were several human corpses on the ground along with a big number of zombies.

Beside him, Shangguan Bing Xue had her eyes closed, and judging by the slight movement of her upper body as well as her steady breathing, Bai Zemin could easily tell that she must be asleep.

Even though it was 4 o'clock in the afternoon, it wasn't as if they had much to do but sit around bored and sleeping was probably the best thing they could do since that way time would seem to fly faster and they could also keep their Stamina points always at the maximum possible for any battle. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

While Bai Zemin was enjoying the silence riding near to the head of the convoy, news came from the front just in time as the survivor driving the jeep stopped the vehicle.

* * * * * * *

Thank you very much to everyone who voted for Blood Warlock with Golden Tickets! <3