Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Sensing Shangguan Bing Xue's extremely bad mood, none of the survivors dared to say a word and continued carrying the heavy backpacks and bags full of food and drink.

"It's here..." Hesitantly, He Yuhan pointed to a four-story building one street away and everyone stopped after hearing his words.

Under everyone's watchful eyes, Shangguan Bing Xue nodded indifferently and slowly walked forward with Chen He following close behind.

Liang Peng also followed a little behind. After all, as a member of this group, Shangguan Bing Xue was an important asset and Liang Peng was not willing to see her die as it would mean his own life would be harder from then on.

As for Bai Zemin, he mingled among the survivors and in a low voice that no one could hear, he whispered, "Hey, Lilith... Is this the guy who tried to kill me three days ago?"

"Indeed, he's the one who attracted that crowd of zombies." Lilith nodded with a casual smile as she floated several meters above the ground. With eyes full of curiosity, she looked at Bai Zemin and asked, "What will you do?"

"Just wait and see." Bai Zemin replied indifferently. However, his eyes flashed with a hint of coldness imperceptible to the naked eye.

You dare to try to kill me using the zombies? I will show you the consequences of having failed then!

...

"Oh! It's really you, Shangguan Bing Xue!" Qiao Long exclaimed ecstatically as he opened his arms wide. His eyes glittered with naked desire as he gazed at the curves of the beautiful woman before him.

Shangguan Bing Xue was undoubtedly the most beautiful woman he had ever seen in his entire life! Only such a woman was truly worthy of being his queen!

"You are Qiao Long, the leader of this group who calls himself King?" Shangguan Bing Xue's voice was bone-chilling as she looked at him coldly.

"That's right." Qiao Long did not contradict and confirmed as he nodded. He inspected first Chen He and then Liang Peng before saying, "I see that you are also good fighters, how about joining this King? I can promise you the best treatment and the best looking women. Above all and only below one, me!"

Chen He looked at him as if he was an idiot. This person surely lost his brain just like the zombies.

Liang Peng seemed tempted by the offer when he heard the word women, but finally sighed as he muttered 'what a pity' over and over again.

Shangguan Bing Xue was clearly not in the mood to listen any nonsense. She waved her right hand gently and two ice pikes appeared floating above her head before shooting out towards Qiao Long's arms; she clearly intended to disable him immediately.

"Since you won't agree to be mine for good, then I'll make you my personal bitch when I get my hands on you!" Qiao Long snorted in response. He was already expecting things not to go his way so he was secretly on his guard.

"Break!" Qiao Long shouted and punched a fist forward.

Bang!

Qiao Long's punch seemed to be strong enough to make the air in front of him bang noisily. As if an air cannon had formed after that blow, Shangguan Bing Xue's two ice pikes were shattered by the strong pressure.

With a stomp, Qiao Long's body shot forward at full speed while staring at Shangguan Bing Xue and having identified her as a ranged fighter.

Shangguan Bing Xue's expression remained unchanged. With a wave of her hand, ten ice pikes appeared above her head and shot towards the enemy.

Seeing the ten ice pikes approaching at full speed, Qiao Long's face changed slightly and he was forced to jump to the side. He had barely rolled on the ground and dodged three pikes when the other seven changed course and continued to pursue him.

In response, Qiao Long clenched both fists and launched a flurry of punches forward.

Bang...Bang...Bang...Bang....

In a moment, the seven ice pikes were crushed into tiny pieces of ice that fell powerlessly on the ground.

In retaliation, Qiao Long clenched both fists and fiercely punched forward while glaring at Chen He and Liang Peng. The air blasted noisily and two air cannons shot out toward the two men who apparently had no intention of participating. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

The two men were stupefied. Neither of them expected that this person would suddenly attack them when he was fighting another person.

Shangguan Bing Xue's face finally had a slight change upon seeing this. Without delay, she waved both hands and two thin walls of ice appeared in front of the two men.

Bang!

Bang!

The two thin walls of ice were crushed by the force of the air cannon, but they managed to stop the sneak attack successfully. Unfortunately, Shangguan Bing Xue had spent a lot of mana to create those two ice walls; after all, her Ice Maker skill was a First Order skill and she did not have perfect control over it.

"Hehehe..." Qiao Long laughed and charged forward as he took the opportunity of lack of attacks.

"Damn bastard!" Chen He blushed in embarrassment and couldn't help but curse. If it wasn't for Shangguan Bing Xue he might have been seriously injured or even killed by the previous attack! But worst of all was that because of him she had to face incoming troubles.

With swift and expert movements, Chen He pulled out three arrows from the quiver on his back and with fiery anger shot the three arrows towards Qiao Long.

"Are you still trying to be soft? You trash!" Qiao Long looked at Chen He and sneered. With a strong punch, the three arrows aimed at his limbs were easily torn apart.

Shangguan Bing Xue crafted twenty ice bullets and shot them all forward at the same time. She no longer seemed to care about her enemy's life as many attacks targeted areas like the head and heart.

Qiao Long also noticed the change in the pattern of enemy attacks and immediately realized that, to his frustration, he was actually weaker than her. With no other choice, he was forced to change his strategy.

While Shangguan Bing Xue thought that Qiao Long would continue charging towards her, he suddenly turned his body and charged towards Chen He, who was still shocked by the ease with which his attack was crushed.

"Chen He, watch out!" Shangguan Bing Xue couldn't help but exclaim as she built up a wall of ice in front of him.

"HAHAHAHA. You fall little beauty~" Qiao Long laughed out loud like a lunatic whose plan succeeded. A whirlwind of wind appeared under his feet and his speed soared to new heights.

Under everyone's dumbfounded gaze, Qiao Long dashed toward Shangguan Bing Xue once again. However, she had no time to create more attacks this time since she was still dazed by what had just happened. Powerless, she could only watch as his hand stretched forward in an attempt to catch her.

"How dare you, you damn brat!" an enraged roar sounded from the side followed by a loud pressure.

Qiao Long's face turned pale when he saw a huge hammer just a meter away from his head. If that blow reached him, forget about being seriously injured; his head would undoubtedly explode into several hundred pieces!