Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Besides improving himself, Bai Zemin really needed Nangong Lingxin to become as strong as possible in the shortest possible amount of time. Her Energy Barrier skill was very valuable to Bai Zemin as her defense was even greater than Shangguan Bing Xue's ice creations. The more powerful Nangong Lingxin became, her usefulness to him and the amount of help she would be able to give him in the future would increase accordingly so no matter how Bai Zemin looked at it there was nothing to lose.

Nangong Lingxin's eyes sparkled with gratitude as she looked at the young man in front of her. She was fully aware of how important this bridge was to Bai Zemin, a single mistake meant that they would all have to turn around to go back the way they came and thus find another way.

If that happened, not only would the two days of travel so far be wasted as well as fuel and food but they would also have to travel another two days to retrace their previous steps, after finding another road they would have to slowly clear the route as unlike this one probably no large group had passed by there to have the need to move vehicles and other obstacles. In the end, they would probably lose about a week of time before finally reaching the Beginning Village.

To say that the bridge before them was a treasure was not an exaggeration from a certain point of view. At least, it would be one until all the vehicles crossed to the other side.

Therefore, Nangong Lingxin felt a little touched by the trust Bai Zemin was placing in her. Of course, she was aware that with him present, major mishaps were unlikely to arise. But this did not diminish her inner joy at all.

"Be careful."

Nangong Yi approached and said in a deep voice as he looked at his younger sister. Other than his father in Beginning Village, his sister was the only thing he had in this life and losing her would leave him devastated.

Nangong Lingxin said nothing and simply nodded firmly. She was aware that if she received even the slightest scratch from the giant zombie it would be all over for her; although considering the power that monstrous beast was demonstrating it was likely that one slap would be enough to crush her small body.

Under the watchful eyes of everyone, she advanced with firm steps while maintaining her head up and looking at the giant zombie that was still tasting its food without worrying at all about the army in the distance.

She wore leather armor that clenched every curve of her body tightly and clung to her figure perfectly, exposing part of her white thighs and her waist along with the junction of her limbs to prevent her movements from being obstructed to a great extent.

Her extremely hot body, especially the bust area, continually attracted the gaze of countless men no matter where she went. In fact, were it not for the fact that it was widely known that Nangong Lingxin was not only a powerful soul evolver on the verge of breaking through the barrier to the first stage of real evolution as well as one of the three people who came alongside the Supreme Leader to conquer the North Camp it was highly likely that some powerful official would have tried to do something to obtain her.

Although using strength was firmly forbidden and was punishable with death, if it was not exposed no one had anything to worry about and a woman with a seductive beauty like Nangong Lingxin's was enough to tempt and cloud the thoughts of most men.

Naturally, so far there had been a number of men with prestige and some power who had approached Nangong Lingxin in an attempt to woo her or to gradually get closer. However, she did not seem interested in romance. This led many to believe that, perhaps, she was only interested in a one-night relationship, which was also fine with them; after all, a young 27-year-old woman like Nangong Lingxin should also have her own physical needs in the bedroom.

Unfortunately, this did not seem to be the case either since the last time someone dared to make an indecent proposal to her without the slightest tact was beaten black and blue by her own hands.

In the end, Nangong Lingxin became a sun-like existence. She was beautiful and extremely hot, but if anyone tried to get close to her, they would definitely get burned.

Ignoring the heated gazes she felt pricking her back, Nangongong Lingxin advanced with her head held high like a proud and arrogant swan. She wasn't worried at all even though she knew that the difference in power between the giant zombie and her was definitely great enough to die in an instant if she was hit.

The reason behind her confidence came from the fact that she precisely needed to be attacked.

The giant zombie noticed a tiny human approaching its area and stopped its movements, ceasing to eat the body of the mutant boar it had killed and captured earlier.

Roar!

A terrifying roar came out of the beast's mouth and just when everyone thought it was a warning sign, the giant zombie raised its right arm high in the sky and extended it backward. Then, under the stupefied and scared gaze of everyone, the creature swung its arm fiercely forward and released its grip on the mutant boar's corpse.

The two-meter tall but incomplete body literally flew like a cannonball towards Nangong Lingxin. The different soldiers and soul evolvers were terrified to witness this and many of them even closed their eyes as if they did not want to see the scene of such a beautiful flower being crushed.

Even Nangong Yi could not help but worry for the safety of his beloved sister. The strength with which that giant zombie had thrown that animal's body was enough to compete with him after activating all of his power-up skills! This did not mean that Nangong Yi could compete against the giant zombie at all, after all, a scratch meant the end; it was precisely because of this that he did not dare to step forward when Bai Zemin suggested that one of them deal with the beast.

Nangong Lingxin did not panic and instead hurriedly extended both hands forward. Her mature voice rang out:

"Barrier!"

Flash!

Multicolored light flashed in her soft palm and in an instant, the light spread out to form a three-meter wide barrier whose thickness was comparable to that of a normal concrete wall.

Bang!

The mutant boar's corpse powerfully impacted against the barrier erected by Nangong Lingxin, causing the barrier to shudder fiercely and even tiny cracks to appear.

Nangong Lingxin's curvy body shuddered for a second before she gritted her teeth and expended a small portion of her Mana to repair the damage on the barrier. She could not afford to have her barrier destroyed as the consequence would be to suffer a huge backlash!

For a few seconds, the resulting strength after the throw made by the giant zombie caused Nangong Lingxin to have trouble resisting. However, when this strength was completely nullified, all that remained was the natural weight of the mutant boar's corpse and this no longer posed any challenge for her.

The giant zombie roared again before beginning its forward charge. Although it was like a raging bull, its Agility was only around 40 points; this, while enough to make a normal human despair and completely different from the slow movement of normal zombies, was no big deal in Nangong Lingxin's eyes.

Nangong Lingxin reduced the size of her barrier to only one meter wide, which also caused the required Mana consumption to be reduced to 1/3 compared to the previous three-meter wide barrier. Then, she activated the skill she was eager to test.

Her thick red lips moved slightly and she whispered in a voice that only she could hear: DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

"Reflect."

A huge wave of invisible mana burst outward and in an instant blasted the giant zombie's body.

Bang!

The beast was taken by surprise and without even knowing what happened its charge was stopped as it was forced to take several steps back. A bizarre roar escaped automatically from its bloodied mouth while the right arm, the place that received the impact, bled continuously.

"Awesome!"

Nangong Yi relaxed as he shouted in joy and surprise. Even he didn't know that his sister had gotten her hands on a skill of such quality!

The night the beasts attacked the North Camp's base, Bai Zemin had said that the scrolls and treasures everyone obtained from their hunt that night would belong exclusively to them. This caused many to become much more powerful overnight and in return, Bai Zemin gained even more prestige among his troops and stronger soul evolvers.

Bai Zemin was also slightly taken aback as he could not even notice how it was that Nangong Lingxin attacked at the first instant. He didn't expect her to acquire such a good skill but he wasn't upset either as he knew that if it was him who slew the beast she killed, which was probably First Order, he definitely wouldn't have received anything due to the huge power difference.

Nangong Lingxin did not wait for the giant zombie to recover and instead leaned her body forward as she ran at full speed to begin what was a fierce melee combat. After all, despite the fact that she was a mage, her skills were focused on melee and ranged fighting equally.

The giant zombie steadied its body and swung its fist downward with the intention of crushing the small ant-like human.

Bang!

The fist the size of a giant truck cab impacted harshly on Nangong Lingxin's barrier, causing the cracks to reappear. However, the cracks were soon repaired and the same thing happened as before.

Bang!

The wounds on the giant zombie's right arm opened even wider and the beast let out a roar that sent chills down the spine of everyone watching the battle from a distance.

Apparently, this First Order zombie was not immune to pain like the Unclassified zombies!

Nangong Lingxin seized the opportunity and unsheathed her sword from her small waist. With a swift movement to the side, she jumped and slashed the zombie's arm. Although it was just a normal slash with no ability, her sword was a Rank 1 weapon with over 400 physical attack damage!

Surprisingly, when her sword struck the zombie's skin, a clanking sound echoed across the battlefield.

She frowned as she felt the hardness transmitted from the blade of the sword to the hilt. Her frown deepened slightly as she noticed that she had barely managed to pierce 1 centimeter of skin; considering how thick the beast's arm was before her, even a thousand cuts would not be enough to pierce it completely!

The giant zombie suddenly grabbed a nearby family-sized car and used it as a weapon to smash Nangong Lingxin. She, fortunately, was counting on her barrier to save her life.

Boom!

The weight of the car, the weight of the giant zombie's arm, the gravitational force as well as the Strength that the creature had used to defy the frictional force caused by the wind; all came together as one and caused dozens of cracks to appear on the magic barrier.

Nangong Lingxin's little mouth opened slightly and a small grunt of pain escaped from her half-open lips. She immediately gritted her teeth and to prevent the cracks from spreading further she increased the supply of Mana to the barrier.

Flash!

The multicolored glow over the barrier increased several folds and the cracks disappeared without a trace. Followed by this, Nangong Lingxin's voice sounded again and only the zombie with 0 intelligence heard it:

"Reflect!

Boom!

The left arm with which the zombie was clinging to the car suddenly bent at an impossible angle backward and a roar that shook the bridge caused the eardrums of several armed men 300 meters in the distance to start bleeding.

Bang!

The giant zombie's body fell to the ground and Nangong Lingxin seized the opportunity as she activated another of her reserve skills.

* * * * * * *

Guys, BW has just entered among the candidates for a possible adaptation! Let's keep it up and fight to get it!

Thank you very much to everyone who voted for Blood Warlock with Golden Tickets! <3