Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"Now, I will proceed to announce the positions of every one according to the new power structure." Wu Yijun announced and while reading the document in her hands continued, "Before I continue, I would like to clarify that the top positions for each major position will all be soul evolvers. Please keep that in mind."

Many people were excited, some were relieved, and others smiled bitterly as they shook their heads after hearing Wu Yijun's last words. While many of those present were soul evolvers, there were others who were not. After all, not everyone had the courage to face strange beings that mutated in foreign ways.

"According to the current armed forces of our Transcendent faction, the first Legion will be composed of, as mentioned prior, two Brigades, totaling eight hundred armed men. The name of the first armed Legion will be Blood Sword and the commander of the Blood Sword Legion will be Zhong De, who at the same time will receive the title of Noble level 2. The Vice Commander of the Blood Sword Legion will be Nangong Yi and he will receive the title of Noble level 3."

"The Captain of the first Brigade of the Blood Sword Legion will be Xiao Ming and will receive the title Noble level 4. The Vice Captain of the first Brigade will be Lu Yan and will similarly receive the title Noble level 4."

"The Captain of the second Brigade of the Blood Sword Legion will be..."

"The Lieutenant of the first Battalion of the first Brigade will be..."

"The Lieutenant of the second Battalion of the first Brigade will be..."

"The Sergeant of the first Team of the first Battalion will be..."

"The Sergeant of the second Team of the first Battalion will be..."

Wu Yijun paused for everyone to finish comprehending what had just happened and noticed that the people who were named looked incredibly happy. Although Zhong De's expression did not change, it was clear that he was satisfied with the treatment he was receiving and felt that showing loyalty to Bai Zemin in the early stages of the apocalypse was worth it.

On the other hand, Lu Yan smiled bitterly as he realized that in the span of almost two weeks he had gone from being one of the top leaders of a faction to become the second in command of a Brigade that made up an even larger Legion. However, after a moment's thought, he realized that it all made sense.

Hadn't Bai Zemin told him that his position would be far less than what he could have gotten if he decided to join him 100% back then?

"Now, I will pass on to the naming of the second Legion of our Transcendent faction. The name of the second Legion will be Blood Whip Legion and its immediate Commander will be Chen He, who will also receive the title Noble level 2. The position of Vice Commander will be held by Fu Qigang at the same time he will be awarded with the title Noble level 3." DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

"The Captain of the 1st Brigade of the Blood Whip Legion will be..."

...

"With this, the positions for the 2 Legions, 4 Brigades, 8 Battalions, and of the 16 Teams have been decided." Wu Yijun announced in an indifferent voice.

In total, 30 military positions and 30 Noble titles of different levels were conferred depending on the position and importance within each Legion; which was not small. However, in this room, there were about 100 people waiting for an assignment.

Realizing that it was all over, many were extremely disappointed while others were confused.

Wu Yijun completely ignored whether some were sad or not and went on to explain, "Now, I will continue with the Blood Spear Legion and its structure."

"As mentioned earlier, the position of the main leader of the Blood Spear Legion will be held by His Majesty Bai Zemin and only he has the right to mobilize this unit in normal times."

"Under required circumstances, the command of the Blood Spear Legion will fall into the hands of Shangguan Bing Xue, who will at the same time receive the title of Noble level 1 and whose power goes into immediate effect."

Saying this, Wu Yijun looked at her best friend out of the corner of her eye and could not help but smile, feeling joyful and proud of her accomplishments.

Shangguan Bing Xue's eyes also sparkled slightly and when she looked at Bai Zemin she couldn't help but let her cold eyes mellow a little. She was truly proud of herself, for this position that had just been conferred upon her had been achieved through her own efforts as well as her constant demonstration of self-worth.

From a very early age, Shangguan Bing Xue suffered from a deep trauma as she witnessed her mother suffer. Although she hated politics and all that went with it, she dreamed of one day occupying a high position, the higher the better, so that she could show her mother and the whole world that a woman did not need a man to reach high, to spread her wings and fly.

Now, although the position she held was only of importance in the faction of Bai Zemin and to the outside world it was nothing more than a joke to laugh at, as she looked at the young man calmly observing everything from the main seat she felt extremely confident; sure that sooner rather than later her position would be big enough to shake the whole world.

Everyone looked at Shangguan Bing Xue, some of them with envy and others with flattering smiles. While many expected this kind of outcome in some way, hearing the verdict was something completely different from mere speculation.

The current Shangguan Bing Xue was literally above all and only below one!

"Then, let's continue." Wu Yijun was about to continue, but when she looked at the name below Shangguan Bing Xue's her expression froze for a moment. She looked at Bai Zemin with pleasant surprise, and as she saw him nod, a smile as beautiful as a flower bloomed on her face, lighting up the hall completely and making most men's hearts beat uncontrollably.

Unconsciously, she straightened her back more, highlighting her assets even more than they already were as she announced in a cheerful voice, "While Shangguan Bing Xue will be the second leader in charge of the Blood Spear Legion, I will be the assistant deputy leader and according to His Majesty's wish I will be granted the title of Noble Level 2, the effect of which begins to work immediately."

Wu Yijun was incredibly happy. How could she not be? The position she had just been bestowed was incredibly high! It meant that the man she loved trusted her enough to give her such great benefit and power!

As Bai Zemin looked at her, he sighed in his heart as he silently apologized.

The real reason why he granted this position to Wu Yijun was not fair at all, and even he felt bad about what he was doing.

With Wu Yijun in love with him, the chances of her betraying him were basically nil. Moreover, with her close to Shangguan Bing Xue, in case the beautiful silver-haired woman decided to do something against him it was very likely that Wu Yijun would do her best to stop her and there was even some chance that she would report it to him.

Even with his passive skill Stone Heart in continued effect, Bai Zemin couldn't help but feel a little bad about what he was doing. While he wasn't playing with the woman's emotions before him, it also wasn't fair to give her hope that he honestly didn't know if he could ever reciprocate.

However, what choice did he have? At the moment he was basically alone, surrounded by strangers whom he had just met a little less than two months ago. He needed people to confide in.... No, more accurately: Bai Zemin needed people he didn't need to worry about a possible betrayal.

With no one in which he could trust completely, scared of being betrayed and not only dying but also suffering emotional pain, the lives of thousands on his shoulders, the possible fate of his race, etc... There were too many burdens on Bai Zemin's back. Any other young man his age would have collapsed long ago.

Perhaps he did not realize it, but the fact that he was showing guilt towards Wu Yijun for what he believed he was doing wrong was incredible in itself. This was because his emotions were constantly affected by a powerful Third Order skill!

Unbeknownst to Bai Zemin himself, his personality and character were slowly being molded into the shape of a new him.

"Cai Jingyi will receive the title Noble Level 2 and will be the leader of the first Brigade of the Blood Spear Legion."

"Kang Lan will receive the title Noble level 2 and will be the deputy leader of the first Brigade of the Blood Spear Legion."

"Fu Xuefeng will receive the title Noble level 2 and will be the leader of the second Brigade while Evangeline will receive the title Noble level 3 and will be the deputy leader."

"The leader of the first Battalion of the first Brigade belonging to the Blood Spear Legion will be.... The deputy leader will be..."

"The leader of the second Battalion..."

...

Wu Yijun paused to drink a cup of water as her throat felt a little dry after speaking practically without rest for so long. After announcing the structural order of the Blood Spear Legion, which would be solely composed of soul evolvers, she finished:

"This concludes the military and social re-structuring of our faction. In all, a total of 48 noble titles of level 4 and higher have been granted, which gives the appointees plenty of privileges. All those who were not named among those present will receive the title Noble level 5 and depending on whether you are a soul evolver or not you will go on to join one of the newly established Legions."

After saying those words, Wu Yijun sat down and laid the papers on the wooden table before finally looking at Bai Zemin. Even when she tried to mask it, it was quite difficult to hide her emotions after what she did several days ago. Wu Yijun felt extremely fearless at this moment.

Bai Zemin silently observed the rejoicing expression of some as well as the bitter or dissatisfied expression of others. He knew that even though many might not be happy with the treatment that was bestowed upon them, no one would say anything.

"There is one thing I would like to clarify before we conclude today's meeting." He said with a deep voice and sharp eyes, "Those with a higher level of Noble titles should not be too complacent. The reason you were granted this title is purely based on your contributions made to the faction up to today, but your Noble level could fall in an instant the next day and your position snatched away by someone else."

"Those who did not receive a clear position or who are not satisfied with the level of their titles need not worry too much either. There are many ways to raise the level of your title, for example, become a powerful soul evolver, demonstrate great leadership ability, make a great discovery, etc."

"Everyone can fall and everyone can rise. Absolutely nothing is set in stone."

The eyes of those who received high-level titles became serious when they heard this and the eyes of those who were still not satisfied with the treatment they had just been granted flashed brightly. They all realized that while they were comrades, brothers in arms, friends, etc., they were also rivals.

Who did not want to live a better life? Who did not want to leave their name engraved in the records of history? Who among those present did not want to honor their fathers, siblings, husbands, wives, sons, daughters; who had died when the apocalypse suddenly broke out?

They all wanted to enjoy the highest level of privilege and give their families the best treatment! With this new structure of military power and levels of nobility, they now all had a target to aim at and fight for!

If Bai Zemin succeeded in conquering the country, then they would be heroes! They would be the ones who would write the history books that future generations would read and glorify!

* * * * * * *

Thank you very much to everyone who voted for Blood Warlock with Golden Tickets! <3