Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The two guards who protected the entrance to the magnificent castle were two supreme Fifth Order existences. The power of both of them was enough to wipe out people like Bai Zemin and all life on Earth with ease as long as they were given enough time.

Both were heroes of their respective worlds and before evolving into Fifth Order, joining a faction of Higher Existences, the two men were worshipped and revered by their race.

However, when the two men saw the woman approaching with slow steps from the bottom of the path connecting the mountaintop to the forest it was as if they were two small mice who saw a big mountain cat.

As they blushed and their hearts pounded, they both hurriedly lowered their heads and looked at the toe of their combat boots as if it were the most interesting thing in the world.

The woman's black hair swayed gently and gracefully despite the great gusts of wind. The two bright stars acted like two small suns, illuminating her snow-white, flawless skin.

As she passed by the two men guarding the gate to the castle, she completely ignored their existence, and even though she could feel the slightly altered breathing of the two males, she continued to move forward without worrying about them at all.

After what seemed like an eternity, the two guards raised their heads and looked at each other at the same time.

"R-Really scary." One of them gulped and swore he could feel his heart thumping against the chest plate covering his upper body.

"As expected from the only woman capable of rivaling the archangel Uriel belonging to the army of those white pigeons in terms of beauty." The other soldier could feel his crotch in its peak state as he said bitterly, "Just her scent and a small glimpse was enough to turn me into a complete joke."

"Not for nothing is she a succubus. Her aura of charm is something else." Said the first soldier. Then, as if thinking about something, he said in a low voice, "Recently, things have gotten a little out of hand. It seems that a world controlled by those pigeons was destroyed and the demonic energy makes them suspect that we were the cause. That's why His Majesty Lucifer summoned all the higher-ups."

"To even summon the Bloody Succubus, it has to be really bad." Said the second soldier before silence reigned once more.

The woman these two men were talking about was, of course, Lilith.

The current Lilith looked completely different compared to when she hangs out next to Bai Zemin. The playful and kind smile that was always on her face naturally was nowhere to be seen, her red eyes that usually flashed with amusement whenever she teased him at this moment were indifferent and cold like two sharp blades ready to claim lives.

On the way to the castle's meeting hall, Lilith met many Fifth Order existences patrolling the surroundings. She also encountered several Sixth Order existences heading towards the same place as her, however, when these Sixth Order existences who were on her same scale of power saw her, they immediately decided to deviate and walk down another hallway; evading her as if she was the most terrifying evil in the creation.

Unlike that aura similar to that of a protective and charming elder sister that always surrounded her when she was together with Bai Zemin, the current Lilith's aura was not only extremely charming but also exuded danger all around. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

No one dared to engage her in conversation despite her beauty.

As she reached the end of the long hallway, a door approximately fifty meters high appeared before her. The door appeared to be made of normal wood, but in reality, the wood it had been forged from was capable of withstanding the attacks of Fourth Order existences for some time before collapsing.

When Lilith approached the door, it opened on its own as if it had intelligence within itself.

Bang!

The double door slammed against the walls, causing a rumble that for a moment seemed to make the entire castle tremble.

There were already several people inside the huge hall so when Lilith made her appearance everyone's eyes automatically moved towards her. Some of them immediately looked away in fear and others looked at her with unhidden lust.

Lilith walked elegantly towards the large table in the center of the room. Her signature black dress hugged her curvy body tightly giving her an extremely seductive appearance that provoked gasps from a large number of beings regardless of gender or race. She did not need to show even a tiny bit of cleavage to become the instant focus, stealing the spotlight from all the demon women present.

Even though there were other succubi present with great charm and beauty they could not compete against her.

"Oh? Lilith, it's been about two years since we last saw each other."

As Lilith sat down in her designated seat around the large circular table, where there were already approximately 50 beings before her, one of them was the first to greet her.

He was a very handsome man, his beauty had reached the point where not the slightest imperfection could be seen on his face. Although he wore light silver armor, the muscles of his body made many of the women seated around the table and women who did not have the qualifications to sit there but were looking on standing up feel hot all over.

Only those who had the strength of at least a Sixth Order existence had the right to sit around the big table. Those Fifth Order existences could only stand in the hall as a sign of respect.

Lilith looked at the man for a moment before ignoring his existence again and looking at her delicately manicured nails with indifference.

"As cold as ever, eh?" The handsome man chuckled without caring at all about the cold shoulder he had just received. On the contrary, when his demonic golden eyes met Lilith's ruby-colored eyes the man was moved beyond words.

This man was an existence of the Seventh Order and one of the ten beings who possessed such power within the Demonic Army. His nickname was Crow, as for his real name, Lilith did not know nor did she care.

The Demonic Army had the custom of calling its members by a nickname instead of the real name they had used when they were still Lower Existences. Only a few called the rest by their true names.

"Crow, you've been trying to woo the Bloody Succubus for a decade and you still haven't given up? At this point, you're starting to embarrass the hell out of me!" Said loudly a burly man with a giant sword on his back.

Crow looked at the burly man and said with a graceful smile, "Hellscar, long time no see. I heard you challenged Doom Roar of the Dragon God Kingdom. Why don't you tell us a bit about it?"

Hearing those words, everyone's eyes immediately moved towards Hellscar. Even Lilith slightly raised her head to look at him.

Hellscar, one of the first generals of the Demonic Army and a powerful existence of Seventh Order. His physical strength was basically unsurpassed and the number of lives his sword had claimed in a single night caused an entire continent to be dyed red.

Doom Roar, another Seventh Order existence and one of the most powerful dragons under the command of the Dragon Monarch. The reason behind his name came from the fact that one of the Heavenly Moon Army's fortresses collapsed with one of his roars, burying everyone inside forever.

Battles between Seventh Order existences were extremely rare so it was no wonder that even the indifferent and cold Lilith was curious about it.

Hellscar snorted and his powerful voice made the atmosphere shiver as he said loudly, "That coward Doom Roar should change his name to Bitch Cry. I was out of his world challenging him for a whole month but he didn't even dare to show his tail."

Bored, Lilith shook her head and looked down at her hands again while ignoring everyone else.

"Hahaha!" Crow burst out laughing, causing some of the demon ladies to give him flirtatious looks that he ignored. "Hellscar, I'm sure while you were freezing to death in outer space, Doom Roar was enjoying the warmth of his wives' bodies! Hahahahaha!"

"Crow, you bastard... Do you want to die?" Hellscar was not a man of good temper to begin with so when he heard Crow's taunt he immediately clutched the hilt of his massive sword.

Crow raised both hands and said without losing the smile on his face, "I surrender, I surrender... I don't want to look like a savage in front of Lilith, unlike you."

"Hmph!" Hellscar snorted loudly and his eyes flashed strangely as he said, "I heard that the Bloody Succubus has spent the last two years looking for a person and that's why she was missing... Crow, probably while you were playing with your little worm, she was already enjoying the warmth that a real man can give instead of wasting her time listening to your bullshit. Pahahaha!"

Crow's face changed as he heard this and the smile on his face slowly faded away.

Upon seeing this, a large grin appeared on Hellscar's face, which gave him an extremely frightening look due to the deep gashes on his face; gashes that he himself refused to let regenerate as he felt that these were his medals of honor after emerging victorious through defeating powerful opponents.

"There's no way such a thing is true, you battle-crazed bastard." Crow said viciously and his golden eyes suddenly turned completely black along with the sclera, leaving nothing but deep darkness in his gaze.

Hellscar laughed out loud as he felt Crow's aura pressing the atmosphere around him. The other Seventh Order existences also smiled as if they were about to see something funny.

When one lived for a long time, long enough to forget when they were born and forget who their parents were, life could become very boring; especially when one reached a level of power where there were practically no challenges waiting for them.

The members of the Demonic Army were quite savage and often even killed each other just out of boredom. Therefore, these Seventh Order existences were more than interested in seeing Crow and Hellscar fight.

Unfortunately, the Sixth Order existences were not in good condition as they endured the insensible pressure released by Crow's aura. They all turned pale and only Lilith's expression remained impassive, being irrefutable proof of her power and thus gaining everyone's respect.

Those Fifth Order existences directly knelt down on their knees and some fainted while bleeding uncontrollably, unable to resist at all in the face of the pressure of someone so powerful.

"If it's true or not, why don't we ask her?" Hellscar thundered and with a big smile looked at Lilith. "Bloody Succubus, why don't you tell us what you've been doing during these years? You've even skipped the annual meetings."

Everyone's gaze focused on Lilith immediately. However, not many managed to withstand her charm and most simply stared at her in a daze, losing the ability to hear clearly.

Lilith looked at Hellscar and Crow with indifferent eyes. She didn't seem to care at all about the difference of one Order between her power and theirs as she said coldly, "You two, who do you think you are? Hellscar, I don't have to explain to you what I do with my life. As for you, Crow... you really should stop wasting your time. Don't you already have over ten thousand women? Stop being an annoying eyesore around me or I'll freeze you to death."

"Pahahahaha!" Hellscar laughed out loud without caring at all about Lilith's harsh words, "I really miss being on a battlefield next to you, Bloody Succubus Lilith!"

However, Crow didn't seem satisfied and pressed, "Lilith, what were you doing?"

Lilith stared at him for several seconds before a charming smile bloomed on her face.

* * * * * * *

Thank you very much to everyone who voted for Blood Warlock with Golden Tickets! <3