Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Lilith's smile was truly beautiful. Her capacity of attraction and beauty was similar to that of a rainbow suddenly appearing in the midst of the clouds, surprising all sentient beings and attracting their eyes like a magnet.

Many inside the great hall felt their breaths freeze for an instant and their senses blurred. At this time, if Lilith so wished, she could easily have claimed the lives of many of the Higher Existences present. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

In a battle between powerful existences, a split of second was enough to send one's head flying through the air, and Lilith had the ability to enchant her enemies with her natural beauty and succubus aura.

Crow felt his breathing become heavy and as he stared at Lilith's black dress hugging every inch of her skin he couldn't help but let his imagination run wild.

Even Hellscar, who usually cared for nothing but fighting against powerful enemies, couldn't help but gawk for a moment before looking away as he muttered something under his breath.

"Crow, do you really want to know what I've been doing?"

Lilith's voice was as sweet as sugar and as gentle as a spring breeze.

Everyone present unconsciously relaxed when they heard her miraculous voice.

Crow nodded as his eyes that had now returned to normal stared dazedly at the wonderful woman before him. From the moment that Lilith had joined the Demonic Army, he had been trying to woo her over and over again but always failed. In fact, the number of words Lilith had directed at him this night together added together amounted more than all the words she had ever directed at him in the past.

Crow did not give up, however. A woman of such quality who was not only incredibly beautiful but also incredibly powerful and whose arrogant pride seeped from deep within her soul.... Only such a challenging woman was capable of igniting his primal desire!

While Crow was weakly falling under Lilith's spell due to his excessive self-confidence, she gladly seized the opportunity that he himself granted her.

Lilith did not attack or anything similar. On the contrary, she smiled charmingly and looked off into the distance as if she was remembering good times while saying in a dreamy voice:

"Just as Hellscar stated a moment ago, I was looking for a person. A man to be precise. At first, my search was just for fun, but as the days went by I was very surprised at how charming this man was. Unlike the rest, he has the ability to look me in the face without losing control of his head and without his little brother going wild. This man unknowingly brought up a challenge that I couldn't refuse."

These words snapped Crow out of his slight daze and as he circled his own Mana to resist the charm Lilith exuded with every word and with every gesture, his expression slowly grew uglier and uglier.

"I teased him in many ways; I jumped on top of his body, questioned his manhood, raised the most erotic scenarios leaving not much to the imagination, and many other stuff like that.... However, that man turned out to be more magnificent and capable than I initially estimated as he managed to resist against my temptation over and over again." Lilith sighed dreamily as she played with her deep jet hair while suppressing her charm and deactivating one of her active skills called Speech Proficiency.

Murmurs spread around the room as everyone finally came to their senses. The males could not believe what they had just heard and the curiosity of the females itched tremendously; especially the curiosity of those female existences that had focused on a path based on charm, illusions, and other beauty-based skills.

To these types of females, men were comparable to toys; they could have practically anyone they wanted whenever they wanted and the appearance of a being capable of challenging them was a rarity. However, if there really was a man of the magnitude Lilith had just described, then many curious and bored women would probably want to try to test him. Even more so when this man even managed to resist the temptation of the most beautiful woman of the demon race.

"Heh..." Crew suddenly scoffed and shook his head as he calmly said, "Such a thing is not possible, Lilith. Both you and I know that."

"Oh, but I really don't lie, little crow." Lilith blinked her eyes innocently and then finished off, "Even when I lay on his bed in revealing and wildly sexy lingerie, that guy bit his lip to keep from jumping on me. That man was brave enough to give me a strong slap on my backside that just remembering it makes me want to get back into his embrace immediately to feel his big hands and firm grip on me once again."

Bang!

Crow finally couldn't stay sane any longer and unwilling to listen any longer released his aura completely.

The floor capable of withstanding the attacks of Fifth Order beings cracked almost immediately and the stone table began to creak as if it would crack at any moment.

Those Sixth Order existences that had just broken through the threshold not too many years ago were directly sent flying several hundred meters before impacting hard against the metallic rocky-looking walls of the castle.

"Oh, Crow finally lost it haha." A woman with an incredibly seductive body chuckled softly and waved her hand as she created a barrier to protect the Fifth Order existences and thus prevent some of them from dying.

This woman was called Fire Sorrow by everyone. She wore a luxurious purple robe to match the color of her hair, her lips were also colored deep purple, and her violet eyes undoubtedly made her an extremely beautiful belle that in tandem with her explosive body immediately turned her into a dangerous bombshell for males.

However, no one dared to disrespect her and those who dared were probably not alive to tell how it happened. This was because Fire Sorrow was one of the most powerful and talented mages in the history of the universe; her power had reached the stage of the Seventh Order.

Fire Sorrow was highly valued by the leader of the Demonic Army. This was because mages possessed unparalleled destructive power and their importance in large-scale wars was several times higher than that of warriors because with a single spell they were capable of wiping out entire troops.

"Enough of this nonsense, Lilith. You will be my woman and I am the only man who will embrace you." Crow said through teeth clenched to the point where his jaw was clearly outlined. His soft eyes were gone and only anger was left on the verge of exploding out of control, making the previously elegant man turn into a murderous devil in just a few blinks of an eye.

"Embrace me? You? I'm afraid that's for me to decide, and guess what? There's a man who's slowly earning that right. Did you hear? A man, not a little crow like you." Lilith said with a smile that wasn't a smile. Her ruby eyes glowed and the aura of her body also burst outwards stronger and stronger as she spoke word by word slowly.

Unlike the black aura surrounding Crow's body, the aura surrounding Lilith's body was deep blue with small specks of white. Both auras converged at a midpoint and lightning began to crackle as if they were battling each other to see who would devour the other.

"Oh! Battle of the Soul!" Hellscare laughed as he clapped his hands, "It's been a while since I've seen one!"

Fire Sorrow and the rest of the Seventh Order existences frowned as they saw that things were getting out of hand as none of them expected Crow to overreact in such an exaggerated manner.

Although Lilith was undoubtedly powerful, no one believed that she had the power to actually challenge Crow. Little did they expect her to actually have the courage to enter a Battle of the Soul against someone clearly stronger.

As Lilith's aura and Crow's aura clashed and clashed relentlessly, small black lightning flashes with golden edges crackled in the middle as a warning of space on the verge of collapsing.

The entire castle shook fiercely and fragments of rocks began to slowly detach from the ceiling and walls. Even if the castle was built with the best possible building materials, two beings with the power of the Seventh Order colliding inside was not something this castle could withstand! If it was on the outside, maybe; but inside was a big no!

"H- Hey... If something happens to the castle..." Hellscar swallowed heavily as he looked at Fire Sorrow.

The beautiful, hot mage rolled her eyes as she said with obvious discomfort in her voice, "Why didn't you think about it before you opened your mouth? You damned ape."

Hellscare shut his mouth as despite being somewhat hard headed at least he could understand his own faults.

What happened next made many gasp. Something unthinkable, something no one thought possible.

The deep blue aura with white flashes suddenly seemed to receive a great boost and its pushing power grew enormously. The black aura battled, but gradually began to freeze and its power began to give way.

Crow's face changed greatly as he saw this and disbelief shone in his desperate eyes.

On the other hand, Lilith's face was as cold as frost as her ruby eyes filled with murderous intent stared at the person before her.

Battles of the Soul were extremely dangerous! These battles represented a battle between the soul of two existences where the victor could snatch the Soul Power of the other!

None of those present expected things to escalate to this point. None of them expected Crow to get so angry but at the same time, none of them expected Lilith to not only back up her words with such ferocity but also to have enough power to back her up.

Unfortunately, no matter how much they wanted to stop this madness, a Seventh Order existence was not capable of stopping a Battle of the Soul unleashed by beings within the same scale of power.

Just as a small part of the black aura was frozen and the ice joined the deep blue aura with white flashes to attack, an exasperated voice rang out.

"Alright, that's enough."

Bang!

An incredibly heavy aura fell from the sky, perfectly hitting the spot where Lilith's and Crow's auras collided. The explosion caused the stone table that was barely resisting to finally collapse and break into two pieces.

Crow took two steps back while holding his chest with a slightly altered expression.

Lilith also took two steps back. However, her indifferent expression did not change even when she received the following message in her retina:

[You have absorbed part of the Soul Power of Seventh Order 'Crow' level 852. You receive Strength +200, Agility +120, Stamina +45, Health +95, Magic +201, Mana +280.]

Just absorbing a small and insignificant portion of Crow's Soul Power had caused Lilith's stats to grow to levels similar to what Bai Zemin would get if he defeated Second Order beings while he was still a First Order being risking to suffer fatal injuries to kill the enemy! If he knew this he would probably cry tears of blood. However, if he knew that the seemingly simple confrontation Lilith was going through was just as deadly as a physical battle, his thoughts would change in an instant.

"You two, look what you have done. That table was built with Starstone taken from inside a constellation and its history goes back over two thousand years but it was destroyed just like this because of you."

Everyone's eyes, including Lilith's and Crow's, followed the voice only to see a black portal appear in the center of the room.

A handsome man beyond redemption stepped out of the portal bringing with him a frighteningly chilling aura.

* * * * * * *

Thank you very much to everyone who voted for Blood Warlock with Golden Tickets! <3