Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

When they saw the man who appeared in the room after passing through the portal, everyone on the scene immediately bowed in respect.

To make these proud Higher Existences who had overcome and broken the chains of mortality bow, the identity of this man who had just appeared definitely could not be simple by any means.

Even those Seventh Order existences inside the great hall were no exception!

Lilith looked at the man who had just appeared and studied his appearance for a moment.

Waist-length golden hair, his complexion was slender, his arms looked frail, his skin was as white as the clouds in the sky and his eyes were of bright emerald green. This man's appearance was beautiful enough to be mistaken as a woman.

This man was none other than Lucifer, the founder and leader of the Demonic Army. One of the most terrifying and powerful existences in the entire universe. The extent of his power was unknown but it was unquestionable that normal Seventh Order existences presented no challenge to him.

"All of you just sit down.... Ah." Lucifer waved his hand and just as he was about to order everyone to sit down just as he did at every meeting, his eyes fell for the second time on the table destroyed in two halves.

"Your majesty..." Crow raised his head and looked somewhat embarrassed.

"Crow, Lilith, how am I supposed to be rewarded for this?" Lucifer said in a serious voice. However, his voice was so soft that it was hard to take him too seriously. "This table was snatched from under the nose of that little God of Heaven's Army and it was one of my war trophies."

"This..." Crow looked at his space storage ring for treasure but soon stopped. What thing could he have that someone of Lucifer's caliber didn't? Probably nothing.

Just then, Lilith raised her head and said with a faint smile, "Your Majesty Lucifer, how about I get you some new pajamas?"

"..."

The people inside the room looked at Lilith with weird expressions. However, they then looked at Lucifer's current attire and for a moment they didn't know what to think about it. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"New pajamas?" Lucifer's eyes lit up when he heard this.

The current one he was wearing was a cloth shirt with sleeves so long that you could barely see his fingers. In addition, he was also wearing a pair of sleep pants made of cloth and even wore a pair of black fluffy slippers on his feet.

"What are these pajamas you speak of made of?" Lucifer asked curiously as he stared at Lilith as if he feared she would disappear in the next instant.

Seeing the clear interest of one of the most powerful existences since the moment the universe was born for some clothes to sleep in, the Higher Existences inside the big hall blushed as they recalled embarrassing events of the past.

On one occasion, when the major factions of Higher Existences gathered together due to certain circumstances, Lucifer appeared wearing the exact same pajamas he was wearing at the moment. Although no one laughed it was obvious that they were holding back the urge to burst out laughing. This event became something that none of the members of the Demonic Army wanted to remember.

However, that event served to prove to everyone how much Lucifer loved comfortable clothes.

Lilith smiled slightly and said nothing. Instead, she gently caressed the ring on her ring finger and with a quick flash, a change of clothes floated before her.

"You can feel its texture personally." She said as made the clothes float towards Lucifer gently.

There was an unadorned white t-shirt, a pair of grey-colored baggy pants, there were even a pair of white-colored bunny-eared slippers to match the shirt.

Lucifer took the clothes in his hands and began to feel the texture. The sparkle in his eyes became more prominent as he felt the softness of the shirt and pants.

"I want you to give me five... No, ten! Ten of these and I'll forgive you for breaking my table." Lucifer said in what he thought was a deep voice as he looked at Lilith, casually putting the pajamas away in his own space storage.

"..."

They all looked at each other in silence not knowing what to say about it.

Even the corner of the beautiful Fire Sorrow's mouth twitched a couple of times as she looked at Lucifer before sighing quietly and secretly shaking her head. The look in her eyes said that somehow she already expected something like this to happen.

Lilith chuckled and casually pulled out several sets of pajamas and even other types of clothing. She sent them all flying gently towards Lucifer as she calmly said:

"Your majesty, you can have all of these as compensation."

Lucifer's eyes lit up and he hurriedly began to inspect the clothes one by one.

Although he had several personal tailors with great talent and clothes made of great materials, Lucifer really liked to have clothes of all kinds made of different materials. This particular clothing was the first time he had seen it.

"Versace, Nike, Adidas, Umbro..."

Lucifer muttered several words that no one understood.

Lilith barely held back the urge to laugh at the thought of the kind of expression Bai Zemin might make if he saw the "fearful and terrifying demon" humanity often spoke of acting at this moment as if he were a child who discovered a new toy.

All those clothes had been taken by Lilith while visiting different stores on Earth when she was bored. There were multiple marks and various types in her space storage ring; however, most of them were sexy clothes for herself. So far, only Bai Zemin had seen Lilith wearing such clothes.

Realizing her thoughts, Lilith blinked in surprise and a complicated light shined in her ruby-colored pupils. Each time and without her noticing, her thoughts inadvertently moved to Bai Zemin; this made her not know what to do about it.

"Mhm. With this, your debt is settled, Lilith." Lucifer put everything away in his spatial storage and his gaze towards Lilith 'softened' a bit. It was as if he was looking at a good friend instead of a subordinate.

"Thank you for your kindness." Lilith bowed slightly and said calmly.

Lucifer's personality was one of the reasons why Lilith decided to join the Demonic Army rather than any other Higher Existence Faction. Since he was someone quite carefree, she wouldn't have so many strings attached and that was precisely what she needed.

Lucifer nodded and then looked at Crow, causing Crow to shudder slightly.

"What about you? Do you have any good clothes for me?" Lucifer said in a lazy voice.

"..."

Hearing this, everyone felt like spitting out ten liters of blood and dying right there.

Even the corner of Crow's mouth trembled a couple of times. However, when he looked inside his spatial storage item, his face turned black.

He did indeed have clothes in there. But the problem was that those clothes were all incredibly valuable treasures!

"Hmph!" Lucifer snorted, causing the temperature to plummet. "Crow, Lilith already settled her debt but there is still half a broken table left to pay for, and since you are also guilty, naturally you must compensate me."

"True, true!" Hellscar nodded heavily and said loudly, "Crow, since you entered His Majesty's house and destroyed his furniture, it's only natural that you pay for it!"

Crow almost spat out old blood when he heard Hellscar.

With no choice, Crow gritted his teeth and pulled several pieces of clothing out of thin air.

There were pants, there were t-shirts, there were coveralls, there were boots, shoes, etc.

But the most incredible thing of all was that each piece was at least a Rank 5 item! The defense of these pieces of clothing was high enough to save someone's life countless times before the Durability of the item dropped to 0!

Lucifer waved his hand and a wave of mana sent the clothes flying in his direction.

Under Crow's red eyes, Lucifer inspected each item of clothing one by one before nodding indifferently as he said, "Even though they're not as good as Lilith's, I'll let it go for today."

Then he simply put everything away as if nothing had happened.

Crow felt his heart almost explode as he watched everything disappear before his very eyes. Even if he had several subordinate tailors, finding natural treasures of Rank 5 and above was not easy at all!

Lilith's expression was indifferent and regardless of the thoughts of others, she didn't seem to care at all. It was as if the Demonic Army was one group and she was another group apart from them.

"Then, let's begin the meeting," Lucifer said calmly as he waved his seemingly boneless hand in front of him.

Swoosh!

A giant round table appeared floating a few inches above the floor and then with a loud bang it fell heavily.

"This..." Fire Sorrow's eyes widened as she looked on as the broken table disappeared and an identical but completely undamaged one replaced it in an instant.

Lucifer sat comfortably in the chair that appeared to be a throne with black wings on the back and seeing everyone still standing looking at the table said in confusion, "What's happening, everyone? Sit down quickly."

Crow blinked coming out of his surprise and as everyone sat down he stammered, "This.... Your Majesty Lucifer... About the table..."

"Oh, this table?" Lucifer leaned his head on the table and said lazily, "This table was also found in that constellation over two thousand years ago. I have like 20 of those with me."

"He has like 20 of those tables..." Fire Sorrow forced a smile and shook her head.

Crow felt the world before him spin and his blood pressure rose several folds in an instant. He was on the verge of fainting! He was furious! If it wasn't for the fact that the man before him was someone he respected and held in high esteem besides the fact that he couldn't beat him, Crow felt that he would have definitely torn him into a million pieces!

After taking a deep breath to calm himself down, Crow finally managed to get his mood back to normal but with some difficulty. After all, he was an existence that had lived for several millennia.

"Before Your Majesty begins, I would like to apologize to everyone for my indecorous act," Crow said in a soft voice, returning to being his elegant former self. Then, he looked at Lilith and said in an apologetic voice, "Lilith, I'm so sorry about earlier. I lost it for a moment because of my feelings for you."

Lilith didn't even look at him. In fact, she didn't look at anyone. She looked like an extremely proud and arrogant swan with her neck up in the sky.

Crow shrugged and didn't pursue the matter any further. He still firmly believed that what Lilith said earlier was a lie, not believing at all that among the Higher Existences there existed a man as impressive as the one she described that Crow himself did not know.

Of course, Crow would never have thought that far from being a Higher Existence, the man of which Lilith talked about was just a young man in his early twenties in the process of completing his mission of breakthrough to the Second Order. Such a thought never crossed his mind.

"Since the previous charade is over, let's get this started so I can go to sleep once and for all," Lucifer said in a sleepy voice.

The eyes of the various existences of Fifth, Sixth, and Seventh Order, flashed weirdly. Apparently, the leader of the Demonic Army was not too surprised by the fact that Lilith had just defeated Crow, who was more than a few levels above her and even a whole stage above her, in a Battle of the Soul.

* * * * * * *

Thank you very much to everyone who voted for Blood Warlock with Golden Tickets! <3