Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"A little bird told me that you like to play with zombies? Sounds interesting!"

Hearing the words that Bai Zemin had just spoken, the crowd of people inside the building who were silently observing the battle and the survivors who were guided by He Yuhan could not help but gasp.

What did Bai Zemin mean by 'play with zombies'? Of course they all understood! How could they not understand the intention behind those words? After all, while the group of survivors led by Qiao Long had seen him throw live people to the zombies, the group led by Bai Zemin and the others had heard the story of the events less than an hour ago!

Chen He's face turned a little ugly when he heard this. Even now he couldn't just casually go and kill a person. Being raised in a family with a military background, Chen He always believed and still now did believe that criminals should face the law.

"This person is crazy? He's joking, isn't he?" Chen He asked dumbfounded.

"Who knows..." Shangguan Bing Xue replied absently and without much interest. Currently, her thoughts were on something else. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

What happened just now? Why did Qiao Long, who was acting all powerful just a moment ago, suddenly become as weak as an insect and coughed up a mouthful of blood? Shangguan Bing Xue was trying to find answers to these questions while looking at Bai Zemin with eyes filled with doubt.

''Bing Xue, are you okay with this? Your family won't accept it either if they find out... Considering how many witnesses there are here..." Chen He hesitated for a moment before pointing. From his point of view, while it was true that the world had changed, it was impossible that the army could not defeat the zombies considering how slow they were.

It was only a matter of time before everything regained a certain level of normalcy and even if the world could no longer return to the way it was, it was only natural to Chen He that the laws would be enforced.

Shangguan Bing Xue looked at him a little exasperated. She knew that Chen He was saying those words to stop Bai Zemin out of kindness, but that kindness in this world without rules was somewhat annoying.

"Then you want me to kill him?" she asked casually, as if killing a person was not difficult at all. "With my family backing me up, even if I kill him in front of so many people it should be fine."

"What? That's not what I meant and you know it!" Chen He couldn't help but look at her as if she was crazy.

"Anyway, that scum will die in one way or another." Shangguan Bing Xue shook her head before looking at Qiao Long with disgust and hatred. "Such a scum of a man.... That's why they shouldn't exist to begin with."

Chen He was slightly dumbfounded as he heard her final words. In the end, he could only sigh as his eyes flashed with complex emotions.

* * *

On the other hand, while the survivors were looking at him with terror and while Chen He and Shangguan Bing Xue had different thoughts about the current situation, Bai Zemin was dragging Qiao Long on the ground as if he was a broken rag.

"Let me go, you f*cking bastard!" Qiao Long roared furiously and tried to activate his skill to free himself. However...

Cough!

Qiao Long felt all his internal organs clench, it was as if they were about to break into pieces. In the end, he couldn't help but cough out a mouthful of blood for the second time.

"What... What's going on?" Qiao Long was scared. The pain was so great that it was about to become unbearable!

"You can't activate your Air Manipulation skill right?" Bai Zemin questioned indifferently as he continued to drag Qiao Long on the ground.

Bai Zemin's hand was like a pair of unbreakable iron pincers that clung tightly to Qiao Long's head unwilling to let go.

"What... How do you know the name of my skill?" Qiao Long looked at him as if he was looking at a ghost in broad daylight.

"Hmm... About that..." Bai Zemin replied unhurriedly as he stopped and smiled slightly at the group of ten zombies slowly approaching.

Due to the sound of the previous battle, some creatures were attracted so Bai Zemin hadn't even walked thirty meters before a group of zombies came into view.

"While you were fighting before I noticed that you were trying to hide your skill by using your fists." Bai Zemin explained as he released his grip on Qiao Long.

Qiao Long wanted to take the opportunity to run away, but before he could react, Bai Zemin had already struck with his right leg.

"Arghhh! You damn bastard! I'll kill you! I swear to god I'll kill you!!!" Qiao Long cried out in pain as he felt the bones in his leg breaking into pieces. His eyes widened as he glared at Bai Zemin as a bloodthirsty demon.

Bai Zemin did not even react to his threat and kicked his other leg again with all his strength. The bones of Qiao Long's other leg were also crushed into countless pieces and his sharp cry of pain echoed everywhere.

"As I was telling you before." Bai Zemin looked at him with a smile and explained, "Although you were hiding your skill well, you made a very big mistake when you boosted your speed. That's when I realized that your skill was similar to mine."

Bai Zemin ignored the look of hatred, fear, and surprise on Qiao Long's face. Instead, he looked at Lilith with a smile and said casually, "You see? Even if there is air in the entire atmosphere and this trash's skill is stronger than my Blood Manipulation at the beginning, what good is it if he can't activate it?"

"You..." Lilith looked at him as if he was a monster.

Not only was Bai Zemin many times stronger than his actual level, but he did not get carried away by that strength and instead analyzed each situation carefully in detail before stepping forward. This was extremely alarming!

Because the Higher Existences were precisely superior beings to the Lower Existences, everyone disdained them and gave them no importance. However, Lilith opened her eyes again as she looked at the glint of indifference in Bai Zemin's gaze.

"Bai Zemin, what skill did you obtain back then?" She finally couldn't help but ask.

"That's a secret for now." He replied as he looked at the zombies approaching step by step.

"You do realize that your behavior isn't normal, right?" Lilith frowned a bit worriedly. "If I'm not mistaken, this should be the first time you're going to kill a person but your hand didn't even flinch for a second and your gaze doesn't even have a wave in it... Do you think that the past you would act like this?"

Bai Zemin was a bit surprised when he heard this and frowned as he realized that Lilith was a bit right.

Indeed, he did not feel that he was doing anything wrong nor did he feel fear for what he was about to do. Was this the effect of the Stone Heart skill? Bai Zemin analyzed the situation. However, he shook his head gently and replied indifferently, "It doesn't matter. This person wanted to kill me and separate me from my loved ones. Therefore, I will kill him. Is it wrong?"

"No... It's not that it's wrong..." Lilith didn't know what to answer.

Was it wrong? Of course it wasn't wrong and she was happy that he understood that. However, her happiness couldn't help but be dampened by the realization that at this point he was beginning to look more like a machine calculating advantages and disadvantages than a human being... From this point of view, the current Bai Zemin was not much different from the Higher Existences.

Qiao Long screamed in terror when he felt the zombies' closeness and their growls. He tried to activate his Air Manipulation skill but all his tries were crushed by the sickening pain he felt every time Bai Zemin activated his Blood Manipulation skill.

"As long as it is for my sake and the sake of my loved ones, even if I have to kill hundreds of people I can kill without remorse." Bai Zemin said indifferently and slowly walked away while muttering to himself as if to reinforce that thought even more.