Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen He looked for a moment at Shangguan Bing Xue and then at Bai Zemin. Although he was naturally a bit jealous seeing the clear closeness between the two, especially seeing that his beloved was clearly in comfort there, he did not feel that it was too strange.

Chen He could be a man in love and while love sometimes blinded people, he was not an idiot. On the contrary, Chen He was a really smart man and it was not for nothing that he had the second highest grades in one of the most prestigious universities of the world, Beijing University, where even foreign students came.

It was absolutely impossible for him not to notice the closeness that Shangguan Bing Xue and Bai Zemin had grown closer. Although he did not know what had happened in the North Camp when the two of them left to conquer it, it was obvious that whatever had happened helped to increase the mutual trust between the two of them greatly. As to what level that trust had increased, Chen He had no way of knowing.

The only thing Chen He did know was that, at the very least, Shangguan Bing Xue was clearly very comfortable being together with Bai Zemin and this was enough for him to be surprised. He was pretty sure that apart from Wu Yijun there was no second person who knew his beloved better than him, which was precisely why he was surprised; because he knew the kind of person she was and her distrust of men in general as well as the reason for this trait of hers.

Chen He really didn't know what else to do. He had been fighting practically without rest and had even spent a few days without sleep while hunting monsters to level up as fast as possible, now being a level 39 First Order existence. However, even though his power had increased tremendously, he still couldn't make the woman he was trying to impress look at him.

Sometimes, it was impossible not to feel frustrated.

However, looking at that intoxicatingly beautiful face with which he dreamed of day and night, those blue eyes that had been imprinted in his soul, Chen He felt all his frustrations disappear without a trace.

He had been lingering after her for about ten years, he would definitely not give up. He firmly believed that one day she would notice him and understand that they were born to be together.

As for Bai Zemin, of course Chen He was jealous of him. However, jealousy was one thing and hatred was quite another.

Chen He did not hate Bai Zemin in any way, on the contrary, he actually respected him a lot and while there were many things he disagreed with regarding his decisions because they were both men with different philosophies, Chen He could not deny that Bai Zemin had the talent to lead.

Bai Zemin was powerful, talented, fearless, and did not let strength go to his head too much. From a certain point of view, he was a considerably perfect man; Chen He had even noticed how Bai Zemin's appearance had improved to the point where he was not even behind him at all.

Chen He admired Bai Zemin, far from hating him. It was just that he also saw him as a rival and threat when it came to love.

"Chen He, is something wrong?"

Hearing Bai Zemin's question, Chen He snapped out of his inner thoughts and blinked several times before calmly saying:

"Yeah. Actually, I was looking for you to ask you about the future of Baiquan Camp."

"Baiquan Camp." Bai Zemin looked at him and then looked at Shangguan Bing Xue as he slowly said, "What a coincidence, she also just asked me the same thing a few minutes ago."

"Oh?" Chen He looked at Shangguan Bing Xue and calmed down a little.

Shangguan Bing Xue looked at Bai Zemin but the latter didn't look at her anymore, instead he walked to a corner and picked up another Lapiodite fragment while calmly saying:

"Chen He, do you think you can destroy the Baiquan Camp's defenses completely and force them into submission?"

"... Destroy their defenses?" Chen He blinked in confusion.

However, Shangguan Bing Xue seemed to understand what Bai Zemin meant by those words as she looked at him in amazement and said somewhat uncertainly:

"You mean you want to fight them and defeat them in battle?"

"Yeah." Bai Zemin nodded as he put a Lapiodite fragment into the furnace and signaled the small blue flame to burn slowly. "I want their forces to be crushed to the point where they can't put up any resistance.... More accurately, I want them to dare not put up any resistance. I have no time for playing games, I wish to control everything as fast as possible."

"This..." Chen He hesitated upon hearing this.

Subjugating and destroying were two completely different issues.

By destroying the defenses of Baiquan Camp, hundreds and even thousands could die in the process. It all depended on whether they were willing to fight to the bitter end or if the top leader or leaders would end up surrendering..... But if not, the death count would be massive!

As Bai Zemin watched the Lapiodite fragment slowly begin to overheat, he waited patiently and did not press for an immediate response.

Shangguan Bing Xue only showed initial surprise, but her emotions soon calmed down completely. Honestly, she didn't care too much about how many enemy soldiers or soul evolvers died; if they were enemies, then naturally some would die and some would live. Therefore, she observed the expressions on the faces of the two men inside the room and analyzed what they might be feeling based on their facial expressions.

Chen He's expression was that of a hesitant and even insecure man. It was clear from the erratic movement of his eyes as well as the constant fidgeting of his fingers that his emotions were not at ease and his thoughts were heavy enough to not let him stay steady in one place.

On the other hand, Bai Zemin's expression was completely opposite to Chen He's one.

His face was faintly illuminated by the mysterious blue flame burning in the furnace, his black eyes reflected the flame softly while glittering with a hint of mysticism, his jaw was firm and well-delineated; all his features showed self-assurance and self-confidence.

Shangguan Bing Xue could not help but feel that although Chen He was older than Bai Zemin in terms of age, in terms of demeanor and attitude he lacked a lot comparatively speaking. While observing the opposite behavior of the two men as if they were black and white, Shangguan Bing Xue unconsciously felt that a self-confident yet firm man was undoubtedly far more attractive than a hesitant one.

Of course, Shangguan Bing Xue was fully aware that Chen He's hesitation was completely normal and Bai Zemin's firmness in his decision was the abnormal thing here. After all, Bai Zemin was basically asking to massacre and oppress; something that a person who two months ago was studying to become a high government official like Chen He could never accept so easily.

After what seemed like an eternity, Chen He finally responded:

"All right, let me do it."

Shangguan Bing Xue could not help but be surprised again and even though her face hid her emotions she looked at her childhood friend with eyes that practically spoke for themselves. It was as if she were silently saying, "Are you sure about that?"

Bai Zemin didn't say much, he simply nodded and continued to watch the small blue flame at work as he casually tossed an Unclassified Soul Stone into the furnace.

"I'll do it, but I can't do it alone." Chen He pushed as he noticed that Bai Zemin didn't say anything.

"Of course." Bai Zemin finally looked at him and calmly said, "You can mobilize the Blood Whip Legion troops. Let Fu Qigang help you in case you need to plan something, I'm sure that as a former military man he will be able to give you good advice and considering that he was previously betrayed by his former superior he definitely won't hold back. However, if possible I would prefer that you use brute force and leave the higher-ups of the Baiquan Camp with no choice but to surrender."

Chen He looked at Shangguan Bing Xue for a moment and as if he had made an important decision straightened his back and said in a deep voice, "Understood. When do you want me to start?"

Bai Zemin smiled faintly and said calmly, "Before you attack, send a messenger.... Let Fu Xuefeng do it. I want him to leave a letter where the Baiquan Camp will be given 24 hours to surrender and hand over their forces willingly to our Transcendent faction. Otherwise, when I, Bai Zemin, step upon their base, the conditions they will receive will not be so good."

"What? Why not just attack by sneak attack? It would be a lot easier and our side will suffer fewer casualties!"? Chen He gawked at him.

Shangguan Bing Xue sighed and replied in Bai Zemin's place:

"While it might be a little easier to defeat the Baiquan Camp with a surprise attack, endless trouble will come in the future. But if even after they were granted enough time to prepare they are crushed, no one in the future will dare to object to Bai Zemin's rule and his grip on the enemy forces will be stronger than ever."

Bai Zemin looked at her with slight surprise but then smiled and said calmly, "It seems we think alike?"

"No." Shangguan Bing Xue shook her head and rolled her eyes as she said, "I just know you well enough to know a little about how crazy you are."

"Hahahaha! Thank you!"

"It wasn't a compliment!"

Chen He's mouth twitched several times as he watched from the side. Apparently, in fact, things were more complex than they seemed to him.

"Then, I'll go pass your order to Fu Xuefeng and use those 24 hours to prepare the manpower." Chen He said and then added, "Bing Xue, can you help me? Your prestige among the men who just joined the Blood Whip Legion that arrived from the north will definitely make everything smoother."

Shangguan Bing Xue frowned slightly upon hearing this. Bai Zemin would perhaps need her Ice Maker skill to forge and besides she had yet to hear the favor he needed to ask to her. However, she could not deny that Chen He's words were indeed reasonable so she found herself in a dilemma about what to do.

But Bai Zemin decided for her.

"Go with him." He said calmly and while turning his back to the two of them used the tongs to remove the red-hot Laipidite fragment, "Besides, go with him to the front as well." nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

"What?" Shangguan Bing Xue looked at his broad back in surprise.

"Why are you so surprised?" Bai Zemin gave her a sidelong glance and said in an indifferent voice, "Even though Chen He is powerful, we can't be sure that there isn't a soul evolver stronger than him among the enemies, can we?"

Chen He's eyes lit up upon hearing this. Although he was confident that he could crush the enemy's war tanks and any interference, he naturally wouldn't refuse to spend time with his crush even if this was a one-sided love.

"I guess... That you're right." Shangguan Bing Xue was forced to nod even though she somehow felt that something was not right here. Then, she added, "You.... Will you be alright with your forge?"

"Don't worry." Bai Zemin waved his hand casually and said calmly, "Even if I lose a few stuff it will all be due to my own incompetence. Besides, from mistakes you learn."

Before Shangguan Bing Xue could say anything, an amused voice came from outside:

"Even though I don't have an ice skill as powerful as Bing Xue's, maybe I can help you with this."

Everyone looked outside and noticed Wu Yijun standing a few meters behind Chen He. She was holding a bottle of water, but the main issue was that the water that by nature should be inside the bottle was actually floating in mid-air and dancing around her casually.

* * * * * * *

Thank you very much to everyone who voted for Blood Warlock with Golden Tickets! <3