Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"That is..." Bai Zemin's eyes widened as he saw the capacity to levitate water that Wu Yijun displayed with a proud smile on her beautiful face.

Shangguan Bing Xue and Chen He were also clearly shocked as none of them could stare away as the small rush of water gently swirled around her.

"Honestly, I wanted to hide this skill until my Mana stats were high enough to do something meaningful.... But I guess it's also okay to show it now." Wu Yijun said with a smile and then frowned slightly as she seemed to focus on something else.

The water around her clearly received some sort of command as it gradually and slowly began to ease up the movement. Then, it floated a few millimeters from the mouth of the bottle and very slowly began to fall inside once again.

Although the movement was slow and clearly inexperienced as it took several seconds to perform the feat, Wu Yijun managed not to lose even a single drop of water in the process.

"Is that Water Manipulation?" Bai Zemin asked in pleasant surprise.

Since Wu Yijun was one of the faction's greatest high commanders and the deal of support she had given so far to the faction's development were enormous, Bai Zemin had allowed her to learn the skills she thought were useful to her instead of handing them over to the base. Furthermore, as a First Order existence, Wu Yijun naturally enjoyed benefits that a normal soul evolver did not.

Therefore, it was no wonder that Bai Zemin did not know about the existence of her acquiring such a peculiar skill since unless Wu Yijun herself decided to show it no one would ever know about it.

Moreover, judging from the expressions of Shangguan Bing Xue and Chen He, Bai Zemin came to the conclusion that Wu Yijun really had not told anyone about this new skill of hers.

"It's not Water Manipulation."Wu Yijun shook his head and entered the workshop as he said with a small smile, "But, even though it's really not as good as your Blood Manipulation skill, this Hydrokinesis skill allows me to control water almost with complete freedom and even create almost ice-level frozen water."

"Oh?" Bai Zemin felt curious and approached her as he said, "Would you mind sharing that skill with me?" Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"Sure." Wu Yijun replied sweetly and stretched her hand forward.

Shangguan Bing Xue and Chen He looked at each other for a moment in confusion only to see the next moment see Bai Zemin take Wu Yijun's hand and say to her:

"You just need to think about the record you want to share. In this case, focus on me and this skill called Hydrokinesis."

"Okay." Wu Yijun nodded and began to do what Bai Zemin had just explained to her.

However, apparently it was not as simple as Bai Zemin thought it would be since even after several seconds Wu Yijun had not succeeded.

But after thinking about it for a moment, Bai Zemin realized that clearly sharing a specific record with another existence naturally could not be easy. After all, doing so meant that they would temporarily be duplicating that record, which at the same time, meant increasing the soul burden of both beings.

From a certain point of view, he was really an anomaly for accomplishing such a thing on the first try.

But Wu Yijun was also a rare talent. It didn't take her more than a few seconds to discover the trick and she finally succeeded.

However, the unthinkable happened.

Again, as if an electric shock of several thousand volts coursed through their bodies from their joined hands, both of them were forced to separate immediately as a reflex action.

Wu Yijun's face turned slightly pale but in contrast to the first time she did not feel overwhelming pain as when Bai Zemin tried to share his record with her.

Seeing the change in Bai Zemin's expression and the pale face of her best friend and practically her sister, Shangguan Bing Xue closed the distance of a couple of meters immediately and supported her as she hurriedly asked, "Yijun! Are you okay?"

"Y-Yeah..." Wu Yijun nodded with a slightly gloomy face.

Bai Zemin frowned tightly, but this was not due to pain; such pain to him was insignificant despite not feeling well at all.

The reason behind his deep frown was that with what had just happened the theory why he could not share his record with her because his soul was too powerful had now been practically crushed into thousands of pieces.

Wu Yijun's soul was naturally far weaker than Bai Zemin's soul. Not only was she several levels below him but the quality of Soul Power by which both of their souls were composed was like trying to compare the skies with the earth; there was simply no comparison to be made as the two sides were worlds apart!

So what was the real reason why they had just received such a heavy shock? Bai Zemin felt that he was close to finding the answer but just when it seemed to be there, Shangguan Bing Xue's voice made that thought disappear.

"What just happened?"

Bai Zemin looked at her and noticed that she was looking at him in confusion with clear concern.

He sighed and shook his head as he said, "Believe me, I am as lost as you are about this."

Shangguan Bing Xue frowned and after a few moments thought she corrected her previous question, "Let me rephrase it then.... What were you two going to do but failed and received some backlash strong enough to make Yijun's face go from healthy to sickly in an instant?"

Bai Zemin sighed again and gave a brief but concise summary of what he tried to do. He also included that the day before he and Wu Yijun had tried when she was in his villa but they had failed miserably as well.

Although Chen He and Shangguan Bing Xue felt it was a bit peculiar that Wu Yijun had been at Bai Zemin's house yesterday, both of them did not say anything about it. On the other hand, Chen He said:

"Are you sure this works?"

"Of course I am sure." Bai Zemin looked at him. "I've tried it with Lili and everything works perfectly."

Lili?

Chen He and the two girls were at a bit of a loss before they remembered.

Because Lilith was gone, she had left a clone of herself with the appearance of Lili. However, that clone could only perform simple actions and wasn't very smart so it had been working in Bai Zemin's house doing soft jobs and thus Shangguan Bing Xue and the rest hadn't seen her much recently.

"To be honest, I was very surprised when I failed to share a certain important record with Wu Yijun yesterday when she visited my room." Bai Zemin said without thinking too much, "But the theory she had put forward regarding the setback was quite solid so I didn't attach too much importance to it. However, now that even when she tries to share a record with me this happens even though the pain experienced was much less compared to if I tried, I'm afraid things aren't as simple as Soul Power difference."

"Your room?" Shangguan Bing Xue couldn't help but stare at Bai Zemin, catching some words and meanings that surprised her.

"Yes. Is something wrong?" Bai Zemin also looked at her, only that compared to the somewhat awkward look Shangguan Bing Xue was giving him, his was a confused look.

Without waiting for her good sister or anyone else to say anything, Wu Yijun hurriedly interjected, "He called me to his room to discuss an important matter that you will soon learn about. Just that."

Shangguan Bing Xue's blue eyes shifted between Bai Zemin and Wu Yijun. It was quite obvious from the way she was looking at them that she somehow doubted the words Wu Yijun had just said.

Bai Zemin was taken aback for a moment as he looked on as Shangguan Bing Xue looked a bit complicated and Chen He smiled slightly from the side. However, he didn't care too much about the matter and instead continued on to what really concerned him:

"Wu Yijun, could you share your record with Chen He or with Bing Xue?"

"You think the problem is you?" she looked at him.

"Something like that." Bai Zemin didn't explain too much and simply nodded. "I'm sorry to have to ask this to you although there's pain in failing."

"I- It' okay...."

Soon, Wu Yijun and Chen He held hands first. She focused on her Hydrokinesis skill and wished to share that record with him. Both of their faces contorted a little in pain and their faces turned slightly pale.

But just when Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue thought they were going to fail, Chen He said with surprise in his voice:

"Oh, now I understand why you said it's a powerful skill despite the clear problems it imposes!"

"Success?" Shangguan Bing Xue asked hurriedly.

"Yes, it worked." Wu Yijun nodded and naturally disengaged her hand from Chen He's. Then she added, "Even though it is an extremely uncomfortable feeling and I honestly don't want to do it again, I did feel a small part of my soul and part of his soul come together for an instant."

Chen He nodded and added excitedly, "Indeed. That little part of Yijun's soul represented the record of her Hydrokinesis skill from what I could see. I didn't know we could do something like that!"

"Let me try." Shangguan Bing Xue approached Wu Yijun and took her by the hand. "This time, I will try to share the record of a skill of mine with you."

"Okay." Wu Yijun nodded easily.

Both beauties' faces wrinkled a little giving the impression that they had eaten something ugly, but after they released their hands and their faces returned to normal, Wu Yijun said cheerfully:

"I could see it! Besides, the uncomfortable feeling I felt with you for some reason was a lot less than what I felt with Chen He before."

"I know. But you're right, the feeling is quite uncomfortable for my taste. After doing these weird experiments I really don't want to do this anymore." Shangguan Bing Xue shook her head.

"Bing Xue, can you and I try it now?" Chen He proposed and extended his hand towards her while looking at her with his characteristic faint smile.

Shangguan Bing Xue looked at him, and seeing the smile on his face, she sighed. Chen He was really handsome and his good looks had increased even more after the advent of the Soul Record and the constant evolution through the purification of his soul. He truly had the ability to drive countless women crazy with just a smile; unfortunately, it was unlikely that any feelings would be born on her part to him when it had not happened yet despite all the years they had spent together.

Just as she was about to politely decline, she noticed that Bai Zemin was watching everything from the side in silence. Intrigued, she asked:

"Bai Zemin, did you find out anything?"

"Mmmm...." Bai Zemin rubbed his chin and looked at the blue flame burning in the furnace, "This is just a theory but.... What if the reason why we sometimes succeed and sometimes don't as well as the reason why we sometimes experience different degrees of pain in our soul is due to our soul's affinity with each other's soul?"

"Affinity of our souls with each other's souls?"

Everyone looked at him in surprise. Bai Zemin continued as if he was talking to himself:

"Just like water and fire; if we take two masses with equal power, one hot and one cold, the result will be that the two will clash because they are opposites and in between the clash steam will be produced. If we take that steam as the pain resulting from the collision between two opposite poles, then I think it is quite logical."

* * * * * * *

Thank you very much to everyone who voted for Blood Warlock with Golden Tickets! <3