Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"Ah..."

A small sound of surprise escaped out of Cai Jingyi's mouth involuntarily as she stepped into the workshop after opening the door and noticing that apart of Bai Zemin there were two other people present on the scene. She had crossed paths with Chen He on the way here so she incorrectly assumed that Bai Zemin was probably alone now, therefore, she didn't think too much when she called out his name earlier.

Although Bai Zemin trusted Cai Jingyi 99.9% because according to the skill attached to his title Lower Leader assured him that she would never betray him due to the title Loyal Follower he bestowed to her after sharing a tiny part of his soul with her and Kang Lan, in reality, they only acted close and without too much inhibition when they were in private. Therefore, both, Cai Jingyi herself and Kang Lan, usually referred to Bai Zemin in a respectful manner in front of other people.

It was also precisely because of this that Shangguan Bing Xue and Wu Yijun were surprised when Cai Jingyi called by his name before, and apparently very naturally. This would be nothing strange in the past as China was a country where people referred to another person by their full name as a sign of respect, however, now that a society based on noble ranks had been established within the newly named Transcendent faction, for a subordinate to call the higher leader by his full name could be seen as disrespectful.

"Cai Jingyi, is something wrong?" Bai Zemin asked calmly despite seeing the slightly nervous and worried attitude of the beautiful girl who had just walked into his workshop.

As for the matter of Cai Jingyi calling him by name, Bai Zemin didn't think too much about it. To him, such things were insignificant regardless of the difference in position within the faction. From Bai Zemin's real point of view, they were both comrades on the battlefield and comrades who had each other's backs.

Cai Jingyi firstly bowed slightly to Shangguan Bing Xue as Cai Jingyi herself was a Noble level 2 while Shangguan Bing Xue was a Noble level 1.

Shangguan Bing Xue simply waved her hand gently and shook her head to indicate that there was no need to do such a thing in this situation.

Then Cai Jingyi nodded with a smile towards Wu Yijun, with whom she shared a title of the same level. Finally, she looked at Bai Zemin and bowed deeply before speaking.

"A few moments ago, an envoy arrived from the Baiquan Camp. He claims to be the nephew of the Mayor of Baiquan Subdistrict and demands the surrender of our group as well as handing over all armed forces."

Shangguan Bing Xue's eyes flashed weirdly when she heard this and Wu Yijun couldn't help but shake her head while secretly forcing a wry smile.

"What a coincidence." Bai Zemin said with a grimace of disdain on his face. "Turns out I was planning to attack them soon but apparently they might have the same plan... That's good too." nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

He looked at Wu Yijun and asked, "Could you cool this metal? Apparently, I won't be able to get to work right away and in the process, I'll be able to see what your new skill is capable of."

"Leave it to me." Wu Yijun nodded with a serious expression and immediately activated her skill Hydrokinesis.

Seeing the water floating before him, Bai Zemin didn't feel that it was too surprising. Even if she could levitate water, the temperature of the Lapiodite fragment caused a large tub of water to evaporate in a matter of seconds.

What could 500 milliliters of water do then?

As if sensing Bai Zemin's doubts, Wu Yijun smiled slightly and explained in a calm manner:

"My skill Hydrokinesis is a First Order level 4 skill from the moment I received the skill scroll after defeating a First Order Black Scaled Fish. While this skill does not allow me to manipulate the water element at will as I currently cannot form solid objects and can only give simple shapes like spheres and while this skill does not allow me to make water out of thin air like Bing Xue's skill, it could be said that Hydrokineses is a skill that is somewhere in the middle ground between 'Manipulation' and 'Maker'."

Everyone inside the workshop felt as at the same time Wu Yijun's words came out of her mouth, the temperature fell slightly and a light mist of beautiful sapphire color surrounded the water ball.

"Hydrokinesis allows me to control the temperature of the water to some extent and also allows me to control the movements of the aquatic flow without spending any Mana at all. However, the focus requirement needed to control this skill is quite high and to top it off it consumes fixed Mana points for every certain amount of time while the skill is active." Wu Yijun calmly explained as she made the ball of water at low temperatures envelop the Lapiodite fragment.

Before the eyes of Bai Zemin and the other two ladies, the burning Lapiodite fragment caused steam to rise towards the ceiling while the water Wu Yijun controlled seemed to be on the losing side. However, she seemed to send out a large sum of Mana all at the same time as the temperature of the water plummeted even more to the point where it almost became completely frozen.

The speed at which the water evaporated dropped tremendously and the red color of the metal slowly began to recede as the natural color gradually returned to normal.

"The more Mana I use, the greater the effect shown by the skill Hydrokinesis." Wu Yijun said with a slightly pale face. "That's why I wanted to wait until my Mana reserves were more prominent, so I could do something more noteworthy."

"I think this is already noteworthy enough." Shangguan Bing Xue remarked as she looked at her best friend with a proud expression similar to that of an older sister proud of her little sister.

"Indeed." Bai Zemin nodded and reminded, "I believe that when your Plant Empowerment skill and your Hydrokinesis skill evolve to higher stages, the effect and synergy between these two skills will surely not disappoint anyone."

If at some point Wu Yijun acquired the skill of making plants or growing plants, if at some point her Hydrokinesis skill acquired the ability to make plants or crops grow faster; Wu Yijun would undoubtedly become an extremely terrifying existence as long as she was in favorable territory.

Wu Yijun's eyes closed and her eyebrows curved into a crescent shape as she smiled sweetly. The small dimples that formed on her cheeks as she smiled made her cuteness and sweetness shoot skyward at rocket speed.

'She really is like a little succubus.' Bai Zemin secretly thought as he saw the innocent expression on her beautiful face creating a great contrast as far as her curvy body was concerned.

In terms of face and body, Wu Yijun was the one who most resembled Lilith when it came to innocent yet seductive charm.

After the Lapiodite fragment cooled down, Bai Zemin simply left it on the work table as he was going to continue working when he solved the immediate important matter.

"Little friend, come back home." Bai Zemin squatted in front of the forging furnace and stretched out his hands towards the blue flame.

Shangguan Bing Xue had been curious regarding the strange deep blue flame so now that Bai Zemin seemed to finally make his move she felt that she could satisfy that curiosity of hers.

"Bai Zemin, that flame is a treasure?"

"That's right." He said as with a swift and fluid motion the flame shrank to the size of a fist and struck his chest, disappearing beyond his sleeping clothes in an instant.

Cai Jingyi and Wu Yijun looked at each other in shock while Shangguan Bing Xue's sky-colored eyes widened slightly as she witnessed such a strange act. For an instant, the three ladies had thought that the flame was going to attack but instead of hurting Bai Zemin it simply disappeared as if it had integrated with his body itself or simply vanished into nothingness.

When Bai Zemin stood up and noticed the surprised looks the three ladies were giving him, he calmly explained, "That blue colored flame is actually an Epic grade treasure that I obtained after opening the single green treasure orb that I acquired after slaying four of the five leaders of the goblin army that attacked the North Camp back then."

The eyes of the three ladies flashed with understanding when they heard this, and Shangguan Bing Xue nodded as she said:

"But... Why are you talking to the fire?"

Her voice was somewhat awkward as was the way she was looking at him. But this was understandable considering that no matter how many crazy things were going on in the world, the fire was still just fire in everyone's eyes. Regardless of whether that fire was a treasure, Shangguan Bing Xue felt that it should just be a more powerful fire than a normal one but that was all.

Bai Zemin chuckled and shook his head lightly, "This treasure is called Endless Blue Lotus Flame, and while it is now an Epic grade treasure, in the past it was a God grade treasure.... Or at least that's what the records engraved on the flame say. I don't know what a God grade treasure is and not if it is the highest level of treasures, but I assume it must be pretty high on the chart and thus the Endless Blue Lotus Flame has its own will and conscience. It's just that after falling from God grade treasure to Epic grade treasure, the Endless Blue Lotus Flame's conscience went into a state lower than semi-conscious. But even then, the flame still seems to understand my words after identifying me as its master."

"I see... That makes sense." Shangguan Bing Xue nodded in surprise as did the other two girls beside her. "But, who would have thought that you would obtain such a valuable treasure.... Now it will be much easier for you to forge and you will be able to launch more powerful attacks, right?"

Bai Zemin simply smiled slightly without commenting too much about it. To be honest, even he had no idea how powerful his fire-type attacks would be if he used the Endless Blue Lotus Flame's power when casting them.

"This..." Cai Jingyi interrupted. "About the nephew of the Baiquan Subdistrict's Mayor..."

"You girls go to the meeting hall first, I'll go put on something more appropriate." Bai Zemin looked at his clothes and sighed. "Even if the other party is just an ant, it won't look good for me to show up there wearing pajamas..."

"After all, you have an image to take care of." Wu Yijun smiled teasingly as she looked at him.

* * *

In the meeting hall where the functioning of the three Legions of the Transcendent faction as well as the delivery of Noble titles had been set up before, three people were in the company of Bai Zemin's head maid, who was there to serve them tea or deliver snacks if requested.

Two of the three men were standing behind a frivolous-looking young man whose eyes kept glancing at Qin Ming's curvy body.

"Damn it, these bandits dare to leave me waiting here and treat me as they please? Who do they think they are?" The young man did not try to hide his voice at all.

When Qin Ming heard the arrogant tone and scornful words of the young man of about 25 sitting on the couch no more than five meters away, her face trembled imperceptibly.

In her heart, she scoffed at this person who clearly did not know the immeasurability of the heavens and the earth. It was this type of person that the young Supreme Leader of the faction hated the most and tolerated the least.

If Bai Zemin did not appear, then all might be well. However, if Bai Zemin really did come? Qin Ming could only secretly shake her head as her lips curved upward slightly.

* * * * * * *

Thank you very much to everyone who voted for Blood Warlock with Golden Tickets! <3