Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

When the young man sitting on the couch noticed the small smile on Qin Ming's pretty face he immediately felt heated.

His name was Bai Jian and he was the nephew of Bai Yong, the mayor of Baiquan Subdistrict.

Bai Jian's mother was Bai Yong's younger sister and from a very young age he was always loved by everyone in his family. He was always a respectful child who got good grades in school and never used his family's power to oppress anyone. However, this changed when at the age of 15 Bai Jian was rejected by the girl of his dreams.

In the Baiquan Subdistrict, the mayor's authority was basically supreme and was only below the true ruler of the entire Yanqing District. Being one of the four highest authorities in Yanging District along with two other mayors of large subdistricts as well as the general ruler of the district, Bai Yong's family naturally enjoyed a great number of benefits and the power in their hands was not small. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

It was just that Bai Jian was not fully aware of this until, after being rejected and in a fit of anger and sadness, he decided to order several people to kidnap this girl.

After getting away with the girl's body, frightened by what he had just done, Bai Jian killed the girl and ordered to bury her corpse. However, he was a young man inexperienced in the world so he and his henchmen left a series of tracks that made the police get to the bottom of the matter, finding him as the culprit.

It was then that Bai Jian discovered that his family had the power to protect him from the wind and rain. This was because despite what he had done, no one came to arrest him and the girl's family said nothing, moving to another part of the country after receiving a large sum of money.

From then on, Bai Jian's respectful character practically disappeared completely and as if he started to relieve himself with all the women in the world due to his broken heart, he started to use his family's power to do whatever he wanted to do.

How many women were affected because of Bai Jian? He no longer knew the number but probably more than a dozen. This number increased enormously as the world changed and due to the brilliance of his uncle Bai Yong, who mobilized the police forces of about half of the sub-district to establish a firm base in the midst of all this chaos.

With so much power backing him up in a world where the powerful make the rules, Bai Jian felt like he was the king of the world and basically did whatever he wanted whenever he wanted.

As Bai Jian became more and more impatient and seemed to be minutes away from attacking Qin Ming without caring at all that it was the enemy's base, the large wooden door opened wide.

Attracted by the sound, Bai Jian turned his gaze toward the fountain expecting to see the beautiful petite woman who had welcomed him several minutes ago.

"It's about time-" His words caught in his throat when he saw the most outstanding group of women he had ever seen in his 25 years of life.

Shangguan Bing Xue in her demure but perfectly beautiful white dress which matched her flawless skin as smooth as that of a newborn baby made an appearance as her impossible to hide curves swayed tantalizingly with every step she took. Her cool gaze and slightly raised head were signs of a proud and arrogant woman capable of awakening both lust and desire for conquest in men.

Wu Yijun wore a spring pink dress, her dark eyes seemed to sparkle playfully as she curiously looked at her surroundings. The curves of her body were clearly more striking than any of the three women who had just walked into the room due to her smaller stature and her baby face giving her the appearance of a baby-faced beauty with big breasts.

Unlike the two aforementioned women, Cai Jingyi was wearing her leather armor as due to her assassin evolution path her clothes were extremely comfortable. Her petite body coupled with her seemingly sinless smile created an extremely tempting image for men with particular tastes.

In short, all three were undoubtedly beauties. Even more so after constantly evolving in the wake of soul purification and empowerment, which as a side effect improved physical appearance.

"Beauties... Great beauties..." Bai Jian swallowed as he muttered. His eyes could not leave Wu Yijun's body and Shangguan Bing Xue's immortal fairy-like face.

These two women were undoubtedly the greatest beauties he had ever seen in his entire life! Bai Jian was cursing himself for not coming on the previous occasions or otherwise these two beauties might already be in his arms!

'However, now that I'm here.... Hehehehe' He secretly chuckled as his lips curved upwards and he crossed one leg over the other, leaning back on the couch with an arrogant and confident look.

Wu Yijun's eyebrows immediately furrowed as she felt the practically naked lust with which the young man on the couch was looking at her. If it was in the past then she might not mind since she was used to it, however, for some reason, she was not at all comfortable with that kind of eyes anymore; she wanted only a man to give her that kind of look.

Cai Jingyi did not had any reaction at all. She really didn't particularly care about the way men looked at her. From her point of view, eyes didn't hurt but hands did; if any man thought he could extend his pig's feet towards her, then her dagger would probably end up stuck in the pig's throat.

Shangguan Bing Xue felt the gaze of the young man sitting on the couch and her blue eyes glittered chillingly. If it was in the past, she would have had to bear such impudent glares. However, with the way things were in today's world, even if she froze the offender to death no one would say anything. Much less considering her position within Bai Zemin's faction where she was above thousands and only below one!

However, Bai Zemin, who was now dressed in casual clothes, gently taped on her arm as if telling her to hold on for now. Therefore, she reluctantly endured. However, her eyes were like daggers as the moment she sat up she looked at the person who seemed to be completely unaware of the danger in which he was.

Bai Zemin sat up and surveyed the two men standing behind the young man.

One of the men was wearing a black suit, he was tall, about 6'2" in height. He had a shaved head and looked quite fierce with his powerful jaw. Furthermore, the aura exuding from his body made it clear that he was a First Order soul evolver whose level definitely could not be underestimated.

The second man was less striking, slender and of normal physical build. His eyes were slightly sunken inward and his small nose slightly upturned. Although Bai Zemin generally did not judge people by their physical appearance, this soul evolver whose power was also within the rank of the First Order was quite ugly even after evolving so much. He looked quite a bit like a rat now so one could try to imagine how ugly he was before becoming a First Order existence.

"So, you are the rumored leader of this bandit faction?" Bai Jian asked as he looked at Bai Zemin arrogantly.

Of course, Bai Zemin didn't look at him yet and as he observed the two men he noticed that they both looked quite relaxed as they looked at Cai Jingyi and Wu Yijun. These two men probably felt that the Soul Power of the two women was lower than theirs due to the natural aura of their bodies so they were not too worried.

As for Shangguan Bing Xue and Bai Zemin, the two of them looked at Shangguan Bing Xue several times because of her beauty but they did not seem worried. This was because Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue's Soul Power was so far above both of them that none of the two noticed anything, which made them mistakenly think that both of them were just normal humans.

After getting a rough idea of the other side's strength, Bai Zemin finally looked at the young man whose face was getting uglier and uglier after being rudely ignored.

"So... Who were you again?" he asked with a faint smile as the arrogance in his gaze grew to the point of completely disdaining the other side.

Cai Jingyi couldn't help but chuckle as the other two women who were sitting on the long leather couch looked indifferent. Even Qin Ming, Bai Zemin's head maid, had a slightly arrogant look on her face as she looked at Bai Jian; since her master was someone powerful, she, as his employee, also deserved some respect.

Just like the saying, "Before you hit the dog you must first look at the owner's face." No one could touch Qin Ming casually unless they were willing to suffer the rage of Bai Zemin.

Bai Jian's face became serious as he straightened his posture and then leaned forward slightly. As he stared Bai Zemin in the eyes, he said in a deep voice, "You don't need to know who I am. You only need to know that if you don't hand over your power to me right now so that I can hand it over later to the higher-ups of the Baiquan Camp, your fate will be no different from that of a dying dog."

Bai Zemin shook his head when he saw the attitude of this person in front of him.

Although Bai Jian was older than Bai Zemin, Bai Jian's character was like that of an immature child. He, like all of Bai Zemin's enemies to date, could not see the immensity before his eyes and as a result would suffer a miserable fate.

"I do not like your arrogance nor do I like your words. Let me tell you what I will do with you." Bai Zemin said as he leaned forward and looked at Bai Jian with a faint smile. "I will break your legs, your hands, then hand you over to my advance troops to see with your own eyes how the Baiquan Camp you rely so much on collapses like a card castle in the middle of a storm. Then, I'll take you in front of your uncle and your good-for-nothing mother and let them decide if they'd rather keep you alive or die in your place.... How's that? Doesn't sound bad, does it?"

Bai Jian looked confused at first. However, after his brain processed what he had just heard, he began to laugh out loud as if he had gone mad.

"Hahahahaha! You want to destroy my uncle's Baiquan Camp? Laughable!" Bai Jian managed to say in between his wild laughter, "Leaving aside Commander Jin Shun's over 10 war tanks and professional military troops, my uncle has over 5000 armed men and nearly 300 soul evolvers! You, a small warlord leading less than 10,000 survivors surely don't even count 5000 armed men, let alone hundreds of soul evolvers! You will be crushed in an instant!"

"Dumbass." Shangguan Bing Xue could not help but say such word.

Why did men have to be so stupid? She couldn't help but look at Bai Zemin secretly as the thought that he really was different from most took root more and more in her.

Bai Jian had basically exposed the Baiquan Camp's government forces and part of the military forces due to his arrogance. As if that wasn't enough, he had also made it clear that despite having more than twice as many survivors in their base, the number of soul evolvers from the Transcendent faction was greater or at least not less at all.

Bai Zemin and the rest felt that they were on the right track by prioritizing empowering humans instead of relying on firearms.

* * * * * * *

Thank you very much to everyone who voted for Blood Warlock with Golden Tickets! <3