Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Heavy weapons were very useful in the present day, it could be said that the one who controlled the largest amount of heavy weapons was the king. After all, the power of heavy machine guns had the ability to pierce the defenses of First Order creatures as long as the soldier managed to hit the enemy correctly.

Taking into account that First Order creatures could still be considered as rarities and at least 80% of the soul evolvers should still be somewhere in the Unclassified rank, the power of heavy firearms was indisputable.

Not to mention the kings of the land, the mighty and almost unbeatable war tanks.

Just the IFV M3 possessed enough power to break the defenses of a Second Order creature that did not specialize in defense. One could imagine then what the mighty war tanks could do; probably even defense-focused Second Order beasts would suffer under the cannons of these ferocious metal beasts that for years were mankind's most powerful mobile land weapon.

The fact that the Baiquan Camp had around 10 battle tanks as Bai Jian had just revealed in a fit of anger expressed through his wild laughter slightly surprised Bai Zemin and the girls. After all, considering the current stage of the apocalypse, the Baiquan Camp possessed enough capacity to resist the attack of Second Order beasts without major problems as long as it was not an agility type beast and they had enough ammunition.

In fact, as long as they had enough ammunition to replenish their weapons, the Baiquan Camp could defend against enemy attacks for at least a year considering the speed at which the beasts and zombies evolved at, unless they were unlucky enough to attract more than one Second Order existence.

However, Bai Zemin and leaders like Shangguan Bing Xue, Wu Yijun, Chen He, and others had decided to focus primarily on developing soul evolvers instead of focusing on developing or searching for too many firearms.

Basically, while the Baiquan Camp relied on the firepower created by mankind in the past, the Transcendent faction established by Bai Zemin's group decided to rely more on the power of evolved humans through continuous strengthening by absorbing the Soul Power of other living beings.

At first, Bai Zemin had planned to let Chen He take care of this little problem. After all, he didn't have to do everything. However, suddenly the desire to know whether his Blood Spear Legion composed of over 700 soul evolvers or the several thousand men armed with modern and ancient weaponry of the Baiquan Camp were more powerful.

Therefore, he decided to stop wasting his time talking to insignificant beings.

"Evangeline, kill those two first."

Before everyone could even react, the space inside the hall shuddered for a moment and in the next instant a silhouette appeared behind the two men standing right behind Bai Jian and were serving as bodyguards.

The two men were First Order existences whose levels were between 30 and 35, they could be considered as elites among humanity and the fact that they reached that level and stage in just under two months was a commendable feat even if everyone's growth had accelerated due to the rapid growth of the world.

The first instant Evangeline appeared behind them, both men immediately felt the change in the atmosphere as a huge killing intent weighed down on them. However, before they could even activate their skills, Evangeline's Death's Kiss dagger seemed to turn into a bright flash.

Swoosh! Swoosh!

The movements of the two soul evolvers who had probably been sent by the former mayor of the Baiquan Subdistrict stalled and their eyes widened. A moment later, a thin red line appeared on the tall man's throat.

The black-suited soul evolver put both hands on his throat as he took several steps back. However, this did not stop at all the blood from slipping through his fingers.

On the other hand, the smaller rat-like man felt a stabbing pain in his chest and when he clutched at the heart area the blood also began to gush out. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

It didn't take long for the two men to collapse on the floor, in their own pools of blood that slowly grew larger and larger.

The smell of iron soon permeated the previously clean room and the silence prevailed as even the sound of insects seemed to stop.

The face of Bai Jian turned as pale as a sheet when he turned back to look behind him and saw an incredibly beautiful foreign-looking woman gazing at him with the coldest eyes he had ever seen in his entire life.

For the first time, Bai Jian felt death looming over him.

"You... Do you have any idea what you have done?" he finally woke up and looked at Bai Zemin. His face was still pale and his courage seemed to have flown out the window as even his tone of voice no longer had that arrogance and superiority from before.

"I see that you are no longer as wild as you were a moment ago." Bai Zemin still had the same faint smile on his face, not worried at all even though with mere words he had taken the lives of two humans as if he was killing pigs instead of beings of his own kind.

"I don't like it when someone shows me disrespect." He said as he stood up and closed the distance between him and Bai Jian coolly. "I also don't like it when a brat like you, who has no idea about how hard life is, threatens me."

His hand moved at lightning speed and no one saw his movements with clarity. All they heard was the sound of bones cracking into what seemed like hundreds of small pieces followed by the boar-like cry of a pig being slaughtered from Bai Jian.

The pampered young man of the Bai government family fell off the couch as his limbs were crushed beyond all recognition. He writhed on the floor and his back arched at different angles as his arms looked like old rags flying everywhere.

Standing in the corner, Qin Ming's face was indifferent as she watched all this in silence. Her heart was not disturbed at all despite the bloody scene before her in which two lives were lost and the limbs of a third were crushed to dust.

In the past, Qin Ming had suffered from Lei Su's physical abuse and had seen the atrocious things that the four previous leaders of the main base where Bai Zemin's forces were centered carried out. Although it had only been about a week of abuse, that single week made Qin Ming understand through beatings and torture that this new world was no different from a jungle where countless lions would fight to lead.

Since Bai Jian was only a lamb and had challenged the fierce lion that Bai Zemin was, his fate was destined to be miserable. This was a certain fact that Qin Ming knew from before it happened. From the moment Bai Jian stepped into the hall while looking at everyone with disdain, Qin Ming was 100% certain that that young man would definitely not go back out the door he came in through using his legs.

"Do you want me to kill this man too?" Evangeline asked calmly as she looked at Bai Jian in the same way a leopard would look at an ant.

"Nah." Bai Zemin shook his head and said with a faint smile, "I promised to let him live so that he could see with his own eyes how his fantasy world self-built by his childish mentality protected by his family collapses with a single blow."

Evangeline shrugged and said no more on the matter. As far as she was concerned, killing two or killing three made no difference.

"Why didn't you try to make those two men submit?" Shangguan Bing Xue stood up and while looking at the corpses of the two soul evolvers. "These two were definitely elites and could enter the ten strongest even in our faction."

Wu Yijun also had the same doubt so she looked at Bai Zemin. Her beautiful face that would previously pale at such sights remained impassive. Although she had not killed any humans so far, she had seen enough death that the loss of a few lives would either shock her or shake her core.

"Those two definitely wouldn't have submitted." Cai Jingyi replied in Bai Zemin's place. She looked at him with a faint smile and asked back, "Isn't that right, Leader?"

"Yes." Bai Zemin nodded and looked at everyone seriously before saying in a deep voice, "This always happens in novels after all. The bodyguards of the young master who thinks he's invincible always attack the protagonist's group by shouting some arrogant words regardless of whether the protagonist suggests letting them go alive."

"..."

Everyone was silent as Bai Jian fainted on the spot with white foam coming out of his mouth.

The corner of Cai Jingyi's mouth twitched a couple of times when she heard this. However, she simply nodded and said in a low voice, "Yeah.... That's right..."

* * *

After locking Bai Jian in a vehicle prepared specifically for capturing wild beasts and studying them, Bai Zemin immediately began to give a series of commands.

The first thing he did was to communicate to Chen He that the Blood Whip Legion did not need to move and when the talented archer asked dumbfounded why such a sudden change of heart, Bai Zemin simply said that the Blood Spear Legion would be moving to carry out the task that had previously been entrusted to him.

While the Transcendent faction's logistics team worked to prepare the necessary quantity of supplies so that the assault team that would be heading to the front lines would have a trip devoid of food needs, 600 soul evolvers were kept on standby inside the military barracks until the order to mobilize was received.

Several soldiers prepared the vehicles while the mechanics team made sure that everything was in order.

The citizens of the Transcendent faction easily noticed the smell of gunpowder floating in the air. Seeing the modified vehicles constantly coming and going as well as the serious and even excited expression on the faces of the soldiers patrolling the streets, it didn't take a particularly smart person to know that something big was going to happen soon.

While all this was going on, an off-road motorcycle shot off into the distance through the gate in a southerly direction.

Approximately twenty hours later and under the care of Bai Zemin, almost all preparations were completed. Now it only remained to wait one more day until Fu Xuefeng returned and then the first large-scale war between soul evolvers and modern weaponry would be carried out.

Several soldiers riding bikes rode through the streets of the Transcendent faction and under the eyes of hundreds and thousands of citizens, they shouted from different points of the mini city:

"His Majesty Bai Zemin has personally given the decree to move in a southerly direction!? Our objective this time will be to control the forces of the Baiquan Camp and take over their resources, with His Majesty himself leading the attack! All those who have family in that area, do not lose hope! Once His Majesty reigns supreme, the living will one day meet again without a doubt!"

Many super survivors who only longed to live in peace and feared defeat were frightened when they heard the announcement of the impending war. However, despite being in the minority, there were many others who cheered loudly and shouted out loud the name of Bai Zemin while crying tears of joy when they heard that at least they would have a chance to, perhaps, see their loved ones again.

* * * * * * *

A/N: Guys, I will probably upload another chapter today. In a few hours tho :)

Thank you very much to everyone who voted for Blood Warlock with Golden Tickets! <3