Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"Just because that girl has the surname Wu doesn't mean anything." Bai Yong sneered, "Does someone who has the surname Xuanyuan immediately become a relative of Sir President?"

"Heh..." Jin Shun scoffed in a low voice and said no more about it.

The thoughts of the two men were clear enough for everyone present to see.

It was clear that while Jin Shun wanted to make Bai Yong hand over his position, Bai Yong was naturally unwilling to hand over the command of power he currently held. After all, who would be crazy or willing enough to give up everything to an unknown girl?

Forget about an unknown girl, even if that girl named Wu Yijun really was the granddaughter of Premier Wu Jianhong a person whose ambitions were growing more and more like Bai Yong would definitely not give up his strength so easily.

Now that the world had changed and the old society collapsed, everyone had their own thoughts. Bai Yong and Jin Shun were no different; both men were ambitious enough to want to build a new China from the ashes of the old one and become the founding fathers of the new motherland.

It had been almost two months but the central government had sent no sign of any movement so everyone firmly believed that the top leaders had fallen or at least were not in a good enough situation to worry about anything other than themselves. Therefore, no one feared being labeled a traitor of the country.

Besides, the winner was the king and the loser was the thief. Whoever succeeded in unifying all of China again will be the true hero regardless of whether they were a rapist or a serial killer in the past. History books were written the way the winner wanted them to be written!

"Besides, even if that Wu Yijun girl really is the Prime Minister's granddaughter she doesn't have the qualifications to revoke the position Wu Jianhong himself bestowed on me." Bai Yong finished as he saw the weird looks he was getting even from some of his allies.

'Damn old fox' Jin Shun snorted in his heart.

Bai Yong's words were in a certain way true. After all, what if Wu Yijun really was the Prime Minister's granddaughter? It wasn't as if she could do anything about it anyway.

"Back to the main point, according to reports the leader of the other side seems to be named Bai Zemin." Bai Yong picked up a stack of documents and frowned, "Although we managed to attract some soldiers from the other side as spies, they are actually just lower caste soldiers with no real position within the enemy establishment."

"In short, you spent resources for nothing?" Jin Shun tried to put as much pressure on Bai Yong as possible whenever the opportunity appeared.

Indeed, when Jin Shun said those words the face of everyone inside the hall changed slightly and they looked at Bai Yong with questioning eyes.

Resources were extremely valuable. Even more so after discovering that the land seemed to be experiencing certain problems as no matter how hard they tried all the planted seeds ended up strangely dying. Under such negative circumstances, every grain of rice consumed was one grain of rice less, and while it was true that Baiquan Camp enjoyed a good amount of meat, the reality was that with over 20,000 survivors to take care of the daily consumption was just too high.

In contrast to Bai Zemin who possessed power high enough to go into a forest plagued by mutant beasts on his own, the soul evolvers of Baiquan Camp needed to plan for several days and set up large hunting teams before going into enemy territory. Therefore, it was no easy task to hunt mutant beasts and get the meat; in fact, there were many times when the losses outweighed the gains.

Although the Baiquan Camp had a special soul evolver that possessed the ability to lure mutant beasts out of the forest, no one dared to accept the idea of luring the enemy out of the den. This was because if they managed to lure a few Unclassified beasts then all would be well, but if they lured several First Order to a large number of several thousand Unclassified creatures then the security of the camp would be compromised. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Under such circumstances where everyone was aware that a single mistake meant the end of everything, no one dared to be too bold. As a result, the Baiquan Camp could barely sustain itself with the current daily consumption; but if things continued like this, they would definitely be meeting their doom in the not too distant future.

Precisely because of this, everyone's expression turned a little ugly as they looked at Bai Yong after hearing that he had been wasting resources.

Bai Yong's expression also changed slightly as he perceived the change in the atmosphere. He was fully aware that despite controlling half of Baiquan Camp's forces, the truth was that a single mistake was all that was needed to fall from the paper throne on which he was sitting.

However, Bai Yong soon calmed down. Without saying a word, he took a picture out of the folder in his hands and silently passed it to the person next to him.

The person next to Bai Yong was a middle-aged woman of around 50 years old. However, despite having already reached such an age, there were hardly any wrinkles on her face that instead of making her look old gave her an extra touch of maturity and even the few strands of white hair looked like ornaments among her lustrous jet black hair.

The name of this woman was Bai Wei. She was Bai Yong's younger sister and Bai Jian's mother. At the same time, Bai Wei was also the person in charge of controlling the police forces in place of Bai Yong so her power could not be underestimated at all.

Bai Wei's eyes flashed quizzically as she saw the picture before her and asked a little surprised, "Who is this young man?"

Bai Yong looked at her sister and secretly sighed as he noticed how her breathing seemed to turn slightly heavy.

Bai Wei was actually a soul evolver as well. While her level was below 15, she had enough strength to protect herself in most normal cases and her beauty had also returned to when she was around 40. The only problem was that she was a bit prurient when it came to young men and Bai Yong was fully aware that the young man in the picture was undoubtedly the most handsome man his sister had ever seen, therefore, it was understandable her reaction.

"That young man is the leader of the enemy camp, Bai Zemin." Bai Yong said in a deep voice as he took off the picture from Bai Wei and passed it to someone else.

Bai Wei froze when she heard this before a glint of disappointment flashed through her eyes. However, she soon seemed to think of something and quickly perked up again. No one knew what she was thinking.

The rest inside the room were also surprised when they heard Bai Yong's words and quickly began to rush the others to see the image of the young leader.

While everyone was calling Bai Zemin and his troops "bandits" in a loud voice, the truth was that they all thought differently. A person who led a group capable of surviving for so long in a chaotic world like the one they were currently living in despite carrying the weight of almost 10,000 survivors was definitely someone to be admired.

As the picture of Bai Zemin passed around the table, Bai Yong continued:

"That image you are looking at was secretly taken by one of the spy soldiers I managed to secretly corrupt."

After saying this, he looked at Jin Shun for a moment which caused the latter's face to darken. Bai Yong sneered at Jin Shun with a scornful face and continued:

"The amount of information I managed to get about this person named Bai Zemin is not too much. His name, 20 years old, and it is also said that he possesses enough power to flatten the ground one kilometer before him using blood spears."

As Bai Yong slowly narrated what he managed to learn about Bai Zemin, Shen Mei, who was the last to receive the picture, took a detailed look at the image of the young man in front of her, and her heart could not help but be a little moved.

The image had been secretly taken from the distance, so it was a bit blurry. However, in the picture, she could see his full figure wearing black armor and his face was also partially visible. The picture was taken a day after Bai Zemin returned from conquering the North Camp and as a result, there was a slight smile on his face as he was still enjoying the overwhelming victory he had experienced.

Although Shen Mei was 30 years old, like all living beings she also knew how to appreciate pretty looks and Bai Zemin was by far the most handsome man. She considered that even if his overall appearance had improved due to evolution, his general features must not have been bad at all in the past. After all, to reach such a level of handsomeness it would probably be necessary to reach the second and even the third stage of evolution. Shen Mei by no means believed that anyone had reached such a level yet.

Of course, Shen Mei had no way of knowing that previously Bai Zemin could only be described as slightly above average in terms of appearance and while his level had not yet reached the Second or Third Order, the purity of his soul somehow compensated for it.

Mo Zan noticed Shen Mei's bright eyes and his expression sank. He had always tried to get between her legs but Shen Mei was an extremely proud woman who never looked at any man, so now that he saw her seemingly interested in a pretty face boy, he suddenly felt unhappy.

"Flattening a kilometer in front of him using blood spears? Pure bullshit. Even my skill Fire Wheel can't do that let alone some shitty blood spears." Mo Zan scoffed disdainfully as he squeezed both beauties' breasts in his embrace hard.

The faces of the two beauties turned pale and they had to restrain the urge to cry out in pain as they continued to smile to save themselves from trouble later. Such things had happened before, no one wanted to suffer at Mo Zan's hands when he was in a clearly bad mood.

Bai Yong looked at Mo Zan and said calmly, "I also find it hard to believe, but that's what some of those who were present on the day when another camp in the north attacked them using a group of several soul evolvers and several dozen armed policemen."

Everyone was silent and even Mo Zan did not find much to say this time. However, Jin Shun snorted and said coldly:

"Even if he is strong, what? He can fight off the bombardment of 13 war tanks while evading a hail of heavy bullets? Even if I get beaten to death I refuse to believe that a 20-year-old brat who hasn't experienced the cruelty of the world can do something like that."

Mo Zan immediately nodded and said disdainfully, "In this case, I must agree with Commander Jin Shun. Before he was just an ordinary citizen who studied obediently. I refuse to believe that in two months a person can undergo a drastic change unless he miraculously obtains a skill that changes the way he behaves."

"... I guess you're right." Bai Yong nodded after thinking for a moment and the others nodded in agreement as well.

Mo Zan's words were quite reasonable. If such skills were normal, then fools could become geniuses in an instant. While no one denied that such skills existed, no one believed that such a thing would appear so soon after the world changed.

* * * * * * *

Thank you very much to everyone who voted for Blood Warlock with Golden Tickets! <3