Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The villa Fu Xuefeng was targeting was quite luxurious and the surrounding lighting was quite exaggerated. At the very least, he estimated that a person within the top 5 of this base's power scale should live in this place.

The reason Fu Xuefeng came to such a thought was because although no armed guards could be seen with the naked eye, he noticed that hidden in the bushes, on the rooftops, even on some of the balconies, there were several soul evolvers hidden in the sparse shadows; shadows which had clearly been left on purpose as the light bulbs had been placed in such a way that certain areas would remain dark forever.

'But none of you can catch me,' Fu Xuefeng's mouth curved slightly upwards and his eyes glittered as he surveyed everything from the rooftop of another villa less conspicuous than the first.

With a swift leap, he dashed forward and when he reached 50 meters in distance he immediately activated Invisibility one more time. His body seemed to blend in with the surroundings and his footsteps became light enough to go unnoticed amidst the silence not to mention a night with howling winds that were similar to the roars of lions.

Fu Xuefeng took no more than a couple of seconds to reach the target property and very easily overtook the soul evolvers hidden in the shadows. None of them noticed anything strange at all as not only Fu Xuefeng was a holder of a special job within the First Order existences but the other party had levels ranging from level 5 with level 12 being the highest.

After circling the three-story villa several times, Fu Xuefeng found a place to sneak through. Taking some distance, he jumped as far as he could while continuing to run in mid-air and when his feet touched the wall he jumped a second time, this time reaching the roof of the villa.

Without delay, he evaded the two female soul evolvers carrying sniper rifles and quietly slipped inside the building using as an entrance a skylight that had probably been left open by the owner of the house to let the wind flow gently along with the starlight.

When Fu Xuefeng's feet touched the red carpet of the top floor hallway, he seemed to sense something so he immediately jumped into an open room and pulled out his dagger while leaning his back against the wall.

"So, you're telling me that Boss Lu's son slept with his friend's girlfriend?"

"That's right! The rumor is spreading fast. It seems that Young Master Chen was furious when he found out that his girlfriend put a green hat on him so he threw her alive into the zombies and now he's looking for Young Master Lu but can't find him anywhere."

"Probably Chief Lu is hiding his son. As one of the police chiefs, Chief Lu's prestige is not inferior to Sir. Chen at all so it's unlikely that the matter will escalate any further."

"Who knows... But that girl sure doesn't know what's good for her. Stabbing the back of the person who took care of her despite having nothing in the world...."

"That's the way things work."

"I guess you're right."

...

Fu Xuefeng held his breath and closed his eyes as he tried to think about something else to calm his heartbeat to avoid being caught. However, realizing that the footsteps of the two people were of normal, unevolved human women, he relaxed a bit.

Gossiping, Fu Xuefeng could not help but want to hear more about the melodramatic drama, but in the end, he simply dashed off in the opposite direction from where the two women dressed as maids were heading.

Because Fu Xuefeng was unfamiliar with this villa he had to tread carefully as he didn't know where each door would lead. If he ended up opening the door that led to the room of a powerful soul evolver present then he might cause several problems so he had no choice but to proceed carefully.

After walking slowly and carefully along two corridors, Fu Xuefeng judged that the third floor was probably occupied only by the master of the house and the basis of this thought lay in the fact that so far he had just seen a few maids who were making sure that everything was in order before leaving without delay to the lower floor.

While it was true that Bai Zemin liked having his bedroom on the highest floor of his villa, it could not be said that everyone liked it as well. Fu Xuefeng himself was a clear example of this as despite having his own villa no less luxurious than the one he was currently sneaking into, he preferred to stay on the middle floor.

From the maidens who passed by and were gossiping among themselves, he learned that indeed the person who lived in this villa was one of the most high-ranking people in the Baiquan Camp. Moreover, apparently, that person was a woman.

Now feeling a lot calmer, Fu Xuefeng began to search through the rooms one by one. He carefully opened the doors and after taking a quick look through the small slit, he simply left everything as it was before and then moved to the next one.

Even after checking more than ten rooms, all Fu Xuefeng found were empty rooms. There was literally nothing in them.

Just when he wondered if the owner of the house had strange tastes and perhaps preferred to sleep on the floor instead of the comfort of a bed, he finally hit the jackpot.

A room decorated in a slightly luxurious manner but not to the degree Fu Xuefeng expected appeared before his eyes after opening the second door of the first corridor next to the main staircase leading to the lower floors.

The floor was carefully covered by a carpet made from the pelt of what appeared to be a purple panther, the curtains covering the large window were also silky purple and even the bed covers were deep purple. Aside from an oversized bed, the room had only a dresser, a nightstand, and a desk with a wooden chair.

Although the furnishings were sparse, Fu Xuefeng estimated that the price of the curtains alone could make an average worker like his father cry tears of blood to pay in the past.

After making sure no one was in, he quietly closed the door behind him and walked to the dresser.

"Damn it...." Fu Xuefeng blushed as he saw the sexy underwear of all kinds of colors in the top drawer. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

There were three rows filled with black, red, pink, white, navy blue, etc. colored bras.

Another three rows filled with panties of all kinds of colors but some of them were so small that Fu Xuefeng couldn't help but wonder if that could even be considered a panty or not.

Then there were three other rows stuffed with carefully packed and unopened pantyhose. There were even several sexy lingers there.

"Damn it." He muttered again and had to bite his tongue hard to keep from being distracted by the beautiful sight in front of him.

Although Fu Xuefeng possessed enough status and power that a large number of ladies were willing to sleep with him into Bai Zemin's faction, some of them even beauties who in the past would not have even given him a glance, Fu Xuefeng himself was an extremely shy young man who had difficulty communicating with the opposite sex.

In fact, except for Kang Lan and Cai Jingyi, Fu Xuefeng basically did not speak to any woman other than his older sister who now lived in his villa after being found by Bai Zemin when he headed north to conquer the enemy camp.

Fu Xuefeng felt footsteps from the staircase and fearing that another maid might appear he quickly took something out of his bag; a letter.

Then, he made sure the letter was in a visible place while with trembling hands he placed it on a bra at the front of the main drawer. If the landlady wanted to take a shower tonight she would definitely see the letter.

Just as Fu Xuefeng was about to jump out the window, a cold voice sounded from behind him:

"Didn't your mother teach you that sneaking into a lady's room is impolite?"

Fu Xuefeng's pupils constricted abruptly and as if by instinct he activated the Earth Bracelet's effect.

Swoosh!

The wind whistled behind him as a sharp object was thrown towards his back. However, thanks to his quick reaction and just an instant before he would be hit, an earthen spike shot out from the magic circle that shone above the floor.

Bang!

"Ugh..."

The earthen spike exploded after colliding with the sharp object and several fragments struck Fu Xuefeng's body, forcing him to retreat a couple of steps while internally thanking his armor or otherwise he would have definitely been injured. After all, the earth spike was not a normal earth spike, it was a skill that came from a treasure!

After making some of distance between the entrance of the room and him, Fu Xuefeng looked ahead and saw a beautiful woman standing right in the middle of the doorway.

The woman had a pretty sexy body, nothing extremely over the top but she definitely stood out in what she had to show. Her face was quite nice, not Shangguan Bing Xue level beauty but definitely a beauty. However, that pretty face seemed to be covered by a layer of frost as she looked at Fu Xuefeng with dagger-like eyes.

Fu Xuefeng activated Invisibility on the spot and his body blurred before disappearing.

However, the lady who had just arrived was clearly not normal as she simply snorted and her dark eyes took on a strange bright red color. Her gaze suddenly shifted to the side and with a swift movement, she threw another sharp object.

Fu Xuefeng, who had darted towards the window the first moment his skill was activated, sensed something and when he looked behind him over his shoulder he was shocked to see the devilish look those glowing red eyes were giving him.

When he saw how the beautiful woman's hand trembled, the moonlight that barely penetrated the silk curtain shone and a small object the thickness of a needle was reflected for an instant. Fu Xuefeng leaned as far as he could to the side while gritting his teeth in preparation for the impact.

Swoosh!

Surprisingly, however, the small object passed just one inch from his head leaving nothing but a small mark on his bone mask.

Fu Xuefeng didn't think too much about it and pulled out a strange seed from his pocket before squeezing it with all his strength but without breaking it completely before throwing it against the wall in front of him.

Bang!

The strange cracked seed finally broke apart after hitting the wall and immediately after that a dense cloud of green smoke flew out everywhere.

The woman's expression changed slightly when she saw this and hurriedly jumped back as she kicked the door, leaving the room and sealing most of the smoke inside.

An instant later, however, the woman sensed that something was wrong and hurriedly opened the door. Despite having inhaled the greenish gas, her organism felt nothing strange!

Obviously the other party had made her believe that it was some kind of poison to escape!

Shen Mei didn't know whether to laugh or cry as she looked at her open bedroom window with the curtains flapping fiercely due to the strong wind blowing from outside.

Her icy expression from before when she looked furious disappeared without a trace and she silently walked towards the closed dresser drawer.

* * * * * * *

Thank you very much to everyone who voted for Blood Warlock with Golden Tickets! <3

We are top 2 at the moment in the Golden Tickets ranking :D