With each tent being able to accommodate up to 100 people and given that there were only about 700 soul evolvers for a total of 10 tents, it was clear that those present did not have to sleep crowded together. In fact, everyone was quite comfortable.

However, there was one tent that was being used by a small group of people so it looked a lot bigger than it really was due to the large volume of free space.

In this tent rested the various leaders of the different Teams, Battalions, and Brigades that made up the entire Blood Spear Legion.

Since there were less than 50 of them, each one could have their own area and at a considerable distance from each other.

After everyone had finished their dinner, the tactical flashlights and solar power generators were switched off. Everyone was aware that at the first glimmer of sunlight they would have to wake up and leave for enemy territory so as a military rule they were obliged to sleep early to preserve energies at the highest level regardless of whether they were soul evolvers or not.

In the part closest to the entrance of the tent, Bai Zemin rested in his sleeping bag. He chose this position not only because he could move immediately if necessary but also because it was the only place through which he could observe the beautiful moonlight high in the sky.

Of course, it was also the coldest place. However, for Bai Zemin who possessed the passive skill Silver Skin the normal cold of a night meant nothing.

As the silver rays of light slightly illuminated his face and the moon was reflecting in his dark pupils, the thoughts of the young leader of the Transcendent faction were far from focusing on the approaching war.

What occupied his mind were his own interpersonal relationships.

Bai Zemin, surprisingly, longed to see Lilith. He did not know whether it was love or not, but since his Stone Heart skill had not yet evolved and the requirement 'Fall in love' was still incomplete, he judged that it was not possible.

However, Bai Zemin did not deny that at the very least he liked that naughty demon girl who always playfully teased him whenever the opportunity arose.

Why would he deny his feelings? Lying to oneself was no different than wasting time. After all, one definitely knew one was lying to oneself so there was no point in doing something like that. Besides, while he was a little afraid of love due to past experiences, Bai Zemin did not reject the emotion.

"Can't sleep?"

A soft voice, practically a whisper inaudible even to soul evolvers sounded just to Bai Zemin's left.

Bai Zemin gently turned his head and thanks to the dim moonlight and starlight, he saw Shangguan Bing Xue's beautiful face looking in his direction.

Shangguan Bing Xue's silver hair shimmered under the moonlight that gently hugged the outline of her tempting sleeping bag-covered body. That pair of blue eyes seemed to have seen the world as she looked at him, they were so beautiful that any man would be more than willing to lose himself eternally in those eyes slightly cold but at the same time free from impurities of the world.

"Something like that. What about you?" Bai Zemin asked instead of answering her question. His voice was also low, low enough for only her, who was two or three meters distance away could hear him.

"I was just thinking about what I'll do after all this crazy time finally ends." Shangguan Bing Xue whispered. "And you? Have you ever thought about that? What would you like to do with your life once you can sit down and rest after so much fighting and so many wars?"

What was what he wanted to do once all this hell ended? Bai Zemin was taken aback at such a question. However, the next moment he wanted to laugh; something he fought against since everyone was probably asleep.

He whispered back, "Don't you think it's a little too early to think about that?"

"Maybe...." Shangguan Bing Xue replied.

Bai Zemin listened as her sleeping bag seemed to rustle softly, which proved that she was moving slightly inside.

After moving a little closer to the edge to be closer to him, she continued, "But don't you think it's good to think about that sometimes? At least in my case, it helps me to keep pushing myself every day. To fight for a goal, or even a wish maybe."

"... A goal or a wish...?" Bai Zemin muttered under his breath and as he looked into her eyes he lost himself in his own inner world.

To be completely honest with himself, Bai Zemin had never thought that far ahead.

If he ever achieved the great goal he aspired to, what would he do with his life from then on? If Bai Zemin really succeeded in becoming the most powerful existence in the universe, then he would have no more reasons to fight for.... Then, what would he do with his life? What would be his goal from then on?

Unlike in the past when Bai Zemin was striving to finish his studies in order to get a decent job, if he would one day become the supreme existence of the universe he would probably have everything in his hands. So what would be his goal? Regardless of race, all living, self-aware creatures needed a long-term goal. Otherwise, life would become monotonous and boring.

An image flashed in Bai Zemin's mind, startling him. Even though the faces were blurred, practically an illusion, he believed that was the answer he was looking for.

"I guess... That making my own family." He answered without realizing it. It was as if those words were coming out of his mouth and expressing the feelings in his heart all by themselves.

"A family..." Shangguan Bing Xue repeated his words softly.

They both looked into each other's eyes, but although their eyes looked at each other, their souls did not. They were individually in their own imaginary worlds, lost there for a brief moment and temporarily forgetting the problems they faced.

"I think... I think that's a wonderful goal." She finally said with a slight smile as she closed her eyes.

"...There's still a long way to go though." Bai Zemin also smiled slightly and turned over to sleep. "Good night, Bing Xue."

Then, as usual, Bai Zemin held tightly onto a dagger and struggled to fall asleep leaving his consciousness half awake.

"En. Good night to you too." She whispered back.

Soon, Shangguan Bing Xue detected how Bai Zemin's breathing completely relaxed and turned completely steady.

As she looked at his dark hair barely visible from inside the sleeping bag, thousands of thoughts flashed in her mind.

Although Shangguan Bing Xue herself had asked Bai Zemin that weird question, she had no answer of her own. From the beginning, her whole life had been focused on taking revenge and proving to the world that she could stand on her own. Therefore, the thought of becoming one of the most powerful and respectable existences in the universe was something she had never thought about.

But now that there was a path in front of her, a path that was being forced open with the two tenacious hands of the young man a short distance away who was even younger than her, Shangguan Bing Xue did not know what to do.

With each evolution, she could feel her life expectancy increasing immensely. Although she was unsure, Shangguan Bing Xue judged that the purity of her soul and the upgrade of her body would allow her to live at least 300 years at present. But this number would only grow longer and longer.

If she really reached the peak, could it be like Bai Zemin said in the past? Could she really live for eternity? Could she bear the passage of time and live until the rocks split and the universe gets destroyed? If it was really possible, then what would she do with all that time? After all, what we were talking about here was eternity.

Eternity... What a big word despite having no more than eight letters. The representation of infinity itself.

Wouldn't it be sad to spend a whole eternity in solitude? Such a thought flashed in the mind of the woman who was given the title of Ice Princess by the men of the Transcendent faction because of her usual indifference and coldness.

Shangguan Bing Xue could not stop her lips from curving into a wry smile as she looked at the back of the young man a few meters away who was now sleeping like a panda bear in the middle of winter. The more they interacted, the more she changed.

But was she really changing? Or maybe this was her real personality. A personality that she had been suppressing by herself without even realizing it.... Shangguan Bing Xue did not know the answer to this question; the only thing she did know was that living an eternity alone did not sound too pleasant.

Even if she managed to find her mother, was that really enough?? An image flashed in Shangguan Bing Xue's mind as she thought about such a question.

Her blemish-free white face suddenly gained an unnatural slight blush. The rays of moonlight only served to boost that heavenly beauty that only increased day by day even more.

Fortunately or not, no one managed to appreciate such a beautiful scene or else all those soul evolvers who secretly called her Ice Princess would most likely change that nickname to a different one. After all, what cold person would ever reveal an expression as tender, emotion-filled, and charming as the one she had shown a moment ago? Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

What did she see in her own imagination? Who knows... Probably only Shangguan Bing Xue herself.

* * * * * * *

Thank you very much to everyone who voted for Blood Warlock with Golden Tickets! <3