Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Seeing Cai Jingyi's pretty face coupled with her petite but still tempting body, everyone including Wang Zhen himself were momentarily shocked. 

"I guess evolution is really doing its part." Cai Jingyi chuckled as she watched the reactions of the men in front of her.

Although she was pretty in the past, her beauty had not reached a level where men would gawk staring at her. Even now she was not very aware of how attractive she had become. 

This was because usually Cai Jingyi was always surrounded by soul evolvers and as a result it was difficult for her to notice her own changes. Moreover, although she knew that there were hundreds if not thousands of men who longed to be with her, she never paid too much attention to this matter because along with her increase in strength her demands also became more and more exigent. Being surrounded by outstanding people like Fu Xuefeng, Zhong De, Nangong Yi, Chen He, Bai Zemin, and some others did not help those ordinary poor men as well.

Wang Zhen was the first to come out of his surprise followed instantly by the rest of his team. The ten men blushed at first after realizing that for a moment they fell for the charm of a young girl who was young enough to be the daughter of some of them but soon their faces turned pale at the realization of something that chilled their blood.

"You... You are a soul evolver..." Wang Zhen unconsciously blurted out those words even though it was more of a statement than a question.

If it was just a normal soul evolver then there wasn't that much to fear. Normal soul evolvers had low levels and although they were stronger than the average person they were no different in the fact that a shot in the head could end their lives in a second. However, soul evolvers with active skills and with the ability to appear behind them definitely belonged to the higher caste of soul evolvers.

High-level soul evolvers. Wang Zhen and the rest had seen some of these existences and all of them possessed at least a way to fight back momentarily against the metal bullets of mankind's modern weaponry.

Even if it was only for a second, from this distance at that time Cai Jingyi could take the heads of all of them. It was just that her goal was not to end the lives of these people, on the contrary, she had to make sure they lived or else Bai Zemin's plans would have some delays.

"You ten should get out of here." She said without losing the small smile on her face. A smile that while beautiful, to many was also a mocking smile as even in the face of her enemies she always kept the same expression. 

"G- Get out?" 

The nine men looked at each other blankly while Wang Zhen stared at Cai Jingyi in dismay and trying to figure out if she was tricking them.

"Just get lost already." Cai Jingyi waved her hand indifferently and said calmly, "Our Legion Leader is kind, so he decided to let you guys warn Baiquan Camp about his arrival."

The leader of the other party was letting them leave and even wanted them to openly reveal that the attackers were coming to the base? Wang Zhen felt that the world he lived in was destroyed again.

Why would the attacker warn the defender when he would launch the attack? Wasn't this stupid? Little did Wang Zhen and his men know that Bai Zemin had sent a letter almost two days ago informing them of his imminent attack and that this was the reason why the Baiquan Camp had been in turmoil recently.

"You're not fooling us?" Wang Zhen asked in a deep voice.

The smile on Cai Jingyi's face faded back and she replied back, "You want me to kill nine of you and let just one go? Or maybe I should just cut your throats and use the communicators by myself?"

Today's Cai Jingyi was no longer that naïve girl who was studying International Relations at Beijing University. She had killed many people over the past two months so the murderous intent in her gaze could not be casually ignored.

Wang Zhen's face changed and he waved his hand as he loudly commanded, "We're getting out of here!"

The nine men who composed Wang Zhen's team also did not delay any longer and nimbly descended from the watchtower one by one while using the plank ladder.

Not even a minute later, the sound of roaring engines broke the natural silence and ten motorcycles sped off into the distance.

"That's better." Cai Jingyi nodded in satisfaction as she watched Wang Zhen shout something into the intercom as they moved farther and farther away. Then, she simply sat on top of the guardhouse atop the watchtower made of trunks as she looked in a northerly direction.

Approximately ten minutes later, the sound of approaching engines was finally heard by her and a moment later a large group of people came into her range of vision.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

It was the Blood Spear Legion that had just arrived after Bai Zemin sent her to scout and warn the soldiers in case she met any monitoring groups.

Honestly, Bai Zemin had not thought about the scouting teams since from his point of view they did not mean anything. However, after hearing Wu Yijun's suggestion he changed his mind.

"Leave the vehicles here." Bai Zemin ordered in a deep voice to each leader of the different branches of the Blood Spear Legion: "Thirty soul evolvers will stay behind to protect the supplies. The rest of you follow me. We are going ten kilometers deeper into enemy territory."

After hiding the vehicles using fallen tree branches and large amounts of dry leaves among the huge bushes, thirty soul evolvers whose levels ranged from 5 to 10 hid at various strategic points ready to attack any enemy that came closer than they should.

Since these soul evolvers had been working together as a group for a long time and had been training hard as a team, even a level 25 Unranked mutant beast or zombie would probably fall before them.

Leaving those thirty soul evolvers behind as neither Bai Zemin nor anyone else wanted the resources as well as the beast corpses they had obtained along the way to go to waste after being encountered by some strange creature, the approximately 670-680 soul evolvers of the Blood Spear Legion set off on foot with leisurely steps.

"Luo Ning."

"What's it, big brother?" 

The little girl wearing her leather armor size small for her diminutive figure looked at Bai Zemin beside her with her two large sparkling eyes similar to precious gems. She even carried a sword with strange serrations on the blade and two small knives at her waist; she looked like a brave and powerful warrior despite being only 9 years old.

"Summon your creature and try to find traps along the way please." He said calmly.

However, Luo Ning puffed out her cheeks and said dissatisfied, "Big brother, how many times have I told you not to call my little cats like that?"

The corner of Bai Zemin's mouth twitched several times when he heard this and the nearby soul evolvers couldn't help but laugh. Luo Ning was truly loved by everyone and her presence as well as her purity was like a ray of light amidst so much darkness and sadness; everyone spoiled her whenever they could and if anyone dared to bully her they would immediately become the target of the Blood Spear Legion as well as the other two great legions of the faction.

"So... Can you summon your little cats?" Bai Zemin said not knowing whether to laugh or cry.

"Mhm." Luo Ning nodded like an old woman finally satisfied with her junior's attitude, causing some finally couldn't help but burst out in laughter.

Probably only she in the entire Transcendent faction could make Bai Zemin not get angry after saying such words and showing such a carefree attitude around him; well, she was also the only one who acted so careless around him to begin with. 

Luo Ning pointed forward and 3 ink-black cats with eyes as bright as the sun appeared before her.

Bai Zemin looked at the three summoned creatures and smiled wryly.

How were those things cats? If this was the previous world, these three cats could easily have been mistaken for three giant and terrifying panthers!

Although Luo Ning had yet to advance to First Order, her Summon Shadow Cat skill had already reached First Order level 5 so she could now summon up to three cats at the same time while the mana consumption to maintain each summon was greatly reduced. 

Luo Ning was following a rather strange evolution path as she used all her stat points to increase her Strength stat and Mana stat whenever she had the chance.

When Bai Zemin asked her in the past why she was so sure about following such a weird path, Luo Ning said something that surprised him. At that time, she said, "My shadow cats are very agile, big brother. Therefore, little Ning doesn't need to increase her Agility anymore nor does she need to increase her Stamina. Shadowcats can be my mount after all!"

In fact, Luo Ning's words turned out to be very true. Therefore, her path of evolution was that of a melee warrior but instead of fighting alone she relied on her summons; the major difference between Luo Ning and the other summoners Bai Zemin had met so far was that she would not become a fish out of the water waiting for death in case her summons were destroyed as her own power could not be underestimated.

* * * * * * *

Thank you very much to everyone who voted for Blood Warlock with Golden Tickets! <3