Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"What shall we do now?" Wu Yijun approached Bai Zemin and asked in a slightly apprehensive tone of voice.

Bai Zemin turned around and observed the expression on everyone's face.

Of course, each and every one of the approximately 680 soul evolvers present was tense. How could they not be? They could not be blamed. After all, even from afar, they heard the terrifying explosions caused not only by the bombs hidden underground but also by the tens of thousands of rounds of ammunition fired.

If the other side had enough ammunition to waste at will, then was there even hope of winning this battle? Although they had monsters like Bai Zemin, Shangguan Bing Xue, Chen He, and a few others supporting them, truth be told; the firepower of modern weapons still weighed heavily on their hearts.

As humans who had grown up in modernism, it was hard not to think about the power of the firearms they had seen in movies and TV series. Moreover, even Shangguan Bing Xue herself who was the second most powerful soul evolver in the entire Transcendent faction could not withstand a bombardment of thousands of firearms at the same time; even if the outside of her body somehow managed to withstand it, which was unlikely, her internal organs would turn into a pile of pulp due to the resulting impact blast force. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Under the pressure of knowing that in a short time they would be facing not only a large number of soul evolvers that could be equally or even more powerful than them as well as a dozen war tanks, hundreds of heavy machine guns capable of firing hundreds or even thousands of rounds of ammunition per minute as well as thousands of soldiers armed to the teeth it would be a miracle if they were all calm and confident.

As if the aforementioned were not enough, having only bows, crossbows, swords, spears, magic staffs and some other melee weapons to face the clearly superior enemy firepower definitely did not help at all!

'I suppose a little demonstration of power will help..... Besides, I don't want too many of them to die either or else my losses would be hard to bear.' Bai Zemin pondered secretly as a thought flashed in his mind.

Just as he was thinking about his next move, the soul evolvers chasing after little Luo Ning who had just fled not long ago came within the detection range of one of Bai Zemin's most powerful skills.

[Blood Will: 3,2% / 50%]

"Thirty-two of them, huh..." Bai Zemin muttered under his breath.

Wu Yijun was about to ask what he meant by those words but Shangguan Bing Xue appeared beside Bai Zemin and beat him to it:

"Enemies. There seem to be a few dozen of them." The expression on the face of the Ice Princess was quite indifferent and did not seem worried at all.

"Do you want them?" Bai Zemin asked.

"I don't care." Shangguan Bing Xue shrugged her shoulders.

Just then, they both felt a fluctuation of mana behind them and when they both turned to see who had activated a skill, they were surprised to see Chen He with his blue bow in his hands and a bright green arrow on the pulled string.

"Since neither of you two seem to mind, I guess I can keep them." Chen He smiled slightly even though his hands were shaking as he clutched the longbow tightly. It seemed as if it was a challenge for him to keep the arrow in place without releasing it.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!....

Before Bai Zemin had time to say anything, several shadows emerged from the trees. They were all soul evolvers as it was impossible for a normal human to have that kind of distinctive aura on them and judging by their expressions they didn't seem to be very happy.

There were women and there were men of all ages. Some of them were young people as young as 16 while others were middle-aged people who looked to be over 50. However, it was difficult to judge a person's real age just based on physical appearance as evolution brought with it not only beauty but also caused the body to slowly return to its prime.

Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue possessed overwhelming Soul Power compared to the enemy so they were both the first to discover the enemy's levels. They were not too strong, the average level was only 7 and the highest level among them was only 14.

The more than thirty soul evolvers belonging to the Baiquan Camp side froze when they saw the enemy lineup before them. They had come here to pursue the little child who had not only humiliated but also enraged them. Under uncontrolled emotions as well as the commands of the higher-ups, these soul evolvers even overlooked the possibility of an ambush.

"I-it's a trap! They lured us here on purpose!" A young man of about 27 or 28 years old cried out in terror.

Bai Zemin rolled his eyes.

That man who had just cried out seemed to be the leader of this team of soul evolvers but he was too full of himself. Ambush? When in hell had Bai Zemin or someone on his side planned to lure the enemy to kill them?

"Retreat!" The man from before roared not before turning around to flee. Even before the others moved he had already moved back a dozen meters!

The other soul evolvers cursed in their hearts and quickly turned around with the intention of fleeing in different directions. Although they had crossed a couple of meters in a few seconds, they all cursed their parents for not having given them ten more pairs of legs at birth.

Unfortunately for these soul evolvers, their fates were sealed. From the moment they showed themselves in front of the Transcendent faction group, their lives were over. None of the soul evolvers led by Bai Zemin had any intention of letting any of them live, enemies who had clearly come with the intention of capturing Luo Ning and murdering her or who knows, it might be even worse considering how cruel mankind was in chaotic times.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!...

At lightning speed, tree branches, bushes, thick surrounding grass and even seemingly dead leaves turned against the thirty-two soul evolvers who were trying to flee.

As if it had a sense and intelligence of its own, the wildlife twenty meters around the area they were in seemed to become active, and before the soul evolvers of Baiquan Camp could take another step their feet were wrapped by different types of plants. They all fell to the ground without even getting a chance to roll as their bodies were soon completely coiled into something similar to spider silk cocoons; even their mouths were tightly sealed.

"Yijun, why are you interfering?" Chen He frowned and looked in a certain direction with some displeasure.

"Why are you going crazy?" Wu Yijun also frowned and said somewhat offended, "I'm simply making sure they don't run away and that's all."

"Runaway? You think a small group of level 10 soul evolvers can possibly escape from me?" Chen He sneered. "Even if I gave them a kilometer head start they would still fall anyway!"

"Chen He, you..." Wu Yijun looked at him in surprise. This was possibly the first time she had seen her childhood friend, who was like a blood brother to her, act this way.

Chen He was usually calm and polite, rarely losing his composure, let alone going crazy over something as insignificant as this. Therefore, Wu Yijun did not know how to react to such him.

Bai Zemin's body disappeared from its previous position and appeared like a ghost beside Chen He.

"Chen He, keep a cool head." He gently tapped his shoulder and said calmly, "If you want to get Soul Power, there are many beasts to hunt in this forest and millions of zombies to kill once we conquer the enemy camp before us. Is it worth fighting someone dear to you for something so insignificant?"

To be honest, Bai Zemin understood and knew the reason why Chen He was acting strangely. Over the past few days, the man had witnessed the woman he had loved since he knew about the attraction between men and women interacting with another man in such an intimate way. Based on this point alone, Chen He's slight mental instability was understandable.

Moreover, since Chen He had always been the center of attention and the most praised genius of the younger generation in addition to his family backing, it was natural that in his heart he felt at least a little superior to the rest of the men. But from the moment the apocalypse began, from that fatal day 1, a previously unknown and unexceptional young man had been superior to him in every aspect. Therefore, it was understandable that Chen He felt bad and wanted to somehow retaliate a little.

Bai Zemin knew perfectly well how much it hurt to be heartbroken, worse, he knew better than anyone how a person's personality could go from pure white to gray in a second when bad thoughts were clouding the reasoning.

Because Bai Zemin knew and understood all this, he did not bother to reprimand Chen He for his childish attitude. After all, as humans, it was natural to have certain slips occasionally. As long as it wasn't something unceasing, of course; otherwise, there was no way Bai Zemin could be so kind.

Chen He took several deep breaths and finally calmed down after much effort. He gave Bai Zemin a look of thanks, to which the latter responded with a faint indifferent smile. Then, Chen He looked at Wu Yijun and said regretfully:

"I'm sorry for speaking to you like that before, Yijun. For a moment I lost it there."

"It's all right... Don't worry." The offended expression on Wu Yijun's face receded faster than it appeared. She looked at Chen He with slight concern in her eyes, and although she wanted to say something else, in the end, she restrained herself as this was neither the time nor place to have a shoulder to shoulder talk.

The captured soul evolvers squirmed in an attempt to break away and some of them who possessed active skills activated them immediately. Unfortunately, nothing worked against Wu Yijun's skill.

After entering the First Order within the universal power scales and starting her evolutionary path officially, Wu Yijun acquired the special job called Friend of the Forest. Along with her job, Wu Yijun gained the Second Order level 1 active skill called Forest Synchrony, and this skill allowed her to synchronize her own will with certain plants, just as she had done just now to capture enemies alive.

"Since you want them for yourself, you do it then." Bai Zemin looked at Chen He calmly as he said those words.

Chen He said nothing and simply released his grip on the green energy arrow he was holding.

The green arrow left the magical bowstring and silently sliced through the air that stood in its way. Then, the arrow seemed to stop mid-flight before exploding and a green magic circle with several strange engravings appeared in the air.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!...

Dozens upon dozens of tiny deep green arrows fell from the magic circle and as if they knew who the targets were they all flew towards the captured soul evolvers.

Some were hit directly in the head so they died without suffering, others, however, were not so lucky and only died after being hit by several arrows in a row. The red blood slid slowly but uncontrollably between the thin openings left by the plants that could not be completely covered.

It was a one-sided massacre.

Chen He lowered his longbow with indifferent eyes. A great contrast to the past he who was a recruiter to take other people's lives.

After living two months in hell, even angels needed to dye their wings gray depending on the circumstances.

* * * * * * *

Mass release: 1/10

Guys, we are considerably close to being Top 1 in Golden Ticket. Many thanks to everyone who votes for BW!