Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

-A few seconds before a terrifying explosion shook the war zone.

Bai Zemin continued to slowly consume his Mana to stop and neutralize the enemy attacks. If he didn't do this, Chen He and Nangong Lingxin would die. It was not a challenge for the current him anyway; his Mana reserves were vast, he could afford so much.

When the enemy finally stopped their assault, he took a large step forward and while clenching both fists activated Second Order Lightning Movement before finally starting to punch the air before him.

His fists were like intangible shadows. The speed at which he was punching had reached the limit of the previous sound barrier and were it not for the constant evolution of the Earth his fists could have broken that barrier that only peak technology fighters could reach.

In just one second, Bai Zemin had hit the same empty spot in front of him more than 100 times. All this was possible because his Agility boosted by treasures and Lightning Movement had broken the 1000-point threshold!

How strong was Bai Zemin's punch at full power? His Strength stat was 905 points in total, which could also be translated as his Strength being over 90 times more powerful compared to a human in excellent physical condition before the arrival of the Soul Record on Earth.

The strength of the strongest punch previously tested hovered around 3700 N. Now, what could a punch that was 90 times stronger than that do? The result could only be described as catastrophic not only because the punch was 90 times stronger but the main cause of the catastrophe was that Bai Zemin had applied approximately 100 of those punches in a single point!

If the strength of the strongest punch tested before the apocalypse was approximately 3700 N and we were to assume that the man or woman with such a record had a total of 10 Strength points, that means that one punch with the full Strength of Bai Zemin was equivalent to approximately 333,000 N. However, since he had stacked 100 of those punches into a single point, the equivalent power was over 33,300,000 N!

33,300,000 N converted into Kilogram-force was equivalent to approximately 3,395,655 kilograms of pressure, and if one took into consideration that the world's largest aircraft, an Airbus A380, weighed approximately 570 T which was equivalent to 570,000 kilograms, this meant that the pressure caused by Bai Zemin's 100 punches stacked one on top of the other in the space before him was equivalent to more than six of these giant air monsters put together!

BOOOOOM!!!

A terrifying explosion shook the entire war zone as a second after Bai Zemin started punching the void in front of him the 100 fist marks piled perfectly on top of each other.

Surprisingly, one could faintly see what appeared to be a crystal fist in front of Bai Zemin. The crystal fist that had formed under the pressure of over 33 million Newtons began to move and the speed only increased until it reached a point where it was no longer visible.

But the most terrifying thing to see were the black cracks that appeared in space! Although it was only an instant before everything returned to normal, the most powerful soul evolvers definitely managed to perceive how the world's space barrier was broken for a brief fraction of a second!

...

Approximately 5 kilometers distant, Xiao Li was observing the small mountain through the lens of his precious Barrett Sniper. His finger stroked the trigger, preparing to fire at the first suspicious movement once the dense cloud of dirt and dust covered everyone's vision.

Suddenly and without warning, the large dust cloud abruptly dispersed just as an explosion that left the minds of the normal soldiers blank shook the surrounding atmosphere.

Xiao Li's pupils contracted to the minimum possible and before he could even press the trigger when his eyes caught sight of the silhouette of the enemy leader still on his feet, his body exploded in blood mist. Even the sniper rifle in his hands was not spared and was completely destroyed beyond saving.

Xiao Li was not the only unfortunate one.

The distance between Bai Zemin's position and his main target, which was Xiao Li, was just over 5 kilometers. Therefore, the fist-shaped crystal mark instantly pierced over 5000 meters and crushed everything in its path.

Abandoned buildings in the path of the crystal mark were finally collapsed, trees that were beginning to take root were crushed and turned into a pile of broken splinters, roads along the way were turned into long dirt trenches, etc.

As if what was stated above was not enough, the soldiers that were 300 meters around the area where the fist-shaped glass mark passed through, as well as the armored vehicles that were in that area, were blown beyond oblivion. The bodies of the soldiers and police officers swelled briefly before exploding with hot blood and broken bone fragments flying everywhere while the armored vehicles appeared to be caught by a pair of giant hands as they were smashed to the ground to the point of becoming flat steel plates.

The echo of the explosion had reached far beyond the forest, causing a large number of birds to fly uncontrollably all over the place in panic. On the other hand, there were more than 400 armed men who fainted on the scene; some of them suffered varying degrees of injuries after being hit by the shockwave while the luckier ones simply fainted as a result of the shock to their brains.

The shooting stopped completely and the battle zone was filled with screams of terror as the wounded who were still conscious grunted in pain on the ground.

...

"Uff...Ufff..Uff..."

Standing on the semi-flattened mountain of earth, Bai Zemin's chest was rising and falling continuously as his agitated breathing could be heard by those beside him.

His face was slightly pale and a bead of sweat slid silently from his forehead to his left cheek before falling with a silent tinkle onto the earth. His arms were trembling slightly and his fists were still clenched tightly.

While it seemed like what he had done was simple, it was far from it. Punching with all his Strength approximately 100 times in a row at such a high speed was not something just anyone could do. If a normal human punched a punching bag with all their strength at full speed, they would definitely get exhausted quickly and their limbs would go numb after a short while; what Bai Zemin was experiencing was similar. As a soul evolver, his limits were far beyond those of a normal human; however, possessing power far beyond that of a normal human, that seemingly unreachable limit was not as difficult to reach as it appeared to be if he gave it his all.

Bai Zemin looked behind him and discovered that Nangong Lingxin had fallen to the ground. The beautiful woman had a blank stare and from the way her head was reeling it was obvious that she did not have the ability to defend herself at the moment; probably not even to think clearly.

Even though Bai Zemin had protected the two people behind him from getting hurt, the power of his previous attack was simply too great to fully withstand. It was good enough that she had not fainted.

As for Chen He, he was doing better compared to Nangong Lingxin. However, even he shook his head several times as if to shake off the dizziness.

Seeing that the two people behind him were out of danger, Bai Zemin focused on the messages he received from the Soul Record.

-----------------------------

You have discovered and unlocked Third Order level 1 active skill 'Void Fist'.

Void Fist (Third Order active skill) level 1: User's Agility must exceed 1000 points to activate. Stacks the power of each fist in a single point after repeatedly hitting the same area, after reaching a certain limit, the Void Fist will be released in the indicated direction without distinguishing between allies and enemies. The power of the fist marks is not lost while the skill is active. The current limit is 100 fist marks / The limit can be increased in conjunction with the growth of the Agility stat and the evolution of the skill. Consumes 300 Stamina points to activate and has no cooldown time.

You have acquired the title 'Brilliant Mind'.

Brilliant Mind: It becomes easier for you to discover and unlock skills by natural means. Secondary Effect: Weakens status effects that affect the user's natural behavior negatively by 10%.

-----------------------------

Bai Zemin was more surprised by the title received than by the skill itself. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

The effects of the title still needed to be studied and analyzed in more detail so it was not possible for now as the current situation did not allow it.

As for how the Void Fist skill worked, Bai Zemin basically didn't need to think about it since he knew what the approximate effect would be from the moment he did what he did.

The idea of piling up several blows on the same spot at full speed came to him on the way here. While he was bored chatting with his subordinates one night, Bai Zemin unconsciously tapped his finger gently on the trunk of a tree; he tapped once, twice, three times, but nothing happened. However, after tapping a large number of times, Bai Zemin realized that even though he had been tapping gently and with no intention of causing harm, a small part of the wood bark surrounding the area where his finger had been tapping non-stop had broken off.

It was then that a thought popped into his head: 'What would happen if I hit a fixed point with all my strength at full speed? What would be the result of this?'

When this idea popped up, Bai Zemin couldn't get it out of his head anymore. It was as if it had taken root there to stay forever, and therefore he needed to test his theory.

Now, the results were in front of his eyes and although he was very exhausted he was also incredibly satisfied and proud of himself.

It had only been approximately two months since the Soul Record arrived on planet Earth but during that short time Bai Zemin had managed to unlock two powerful active Third Order skills. Both of them possessed a great deal of destructive power and at this point were basically two of his greatest trump cards.

The craziest thing of all was that despite being in the middle of a war, the effect of the Brilliant Mind title went into immediate effect as different ideas that could serve to unlock more skills began to appear in his mind one after another!

* * * * * * *

Mass release: 5/10

Top 1 in the ranking of Golden Tickets... Really thank you very much to all who give gifts to the novel and support with their valuable tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3

Enjoy the chapters, there are still many more to come!