Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

In the command center, everyone's expressions froze completely as they stared at the different monitors with fixed eyes.

It was impossible for any of them to accept what they were seeing. There was no reasonable or logical way that a normal human's brain could accept what was happening before them... No, forget about a normal human as even the four soul evolvers present could not believe what they were seeing.

The small mountain had been almost completely flattened, but it still stood upright enough for the three people at the top to look down on the battlefield. All around the small mountain were countless ammunition of different calibers and one could even see the cannonballs fired by the battle tanks and IFVs smashed into the ground.

Countless surrounding trees had been turned into a pile of broken wood and the map surrounding the ruined city in a northerly direction had changed under the fierce bombardment of mankind's modern weapons. However, there was a small safe circle around those three people who should be dead, that small safe circle was like an invisible barrier protecting them since not even the 105 mm cannons managed to break beyond it.

"Don't fuck around with me..." Mo Zan cursed under his breath and muttered, "You're telling me they have a barrier capable of repelling tank cannons?"

Forget about repelling tank cannons, a single Type 78 heavy machine gun bullet was more than enough to blow Mo Zan's brains to pieces!

Shen Mei was also frightened and could not take her eyes off the central monitor that focused on the indifferent expression on the handsome face of the enemy faction leader.

Shen Mei considered herself a very intelligent woman and despite being greedy at the very least she thought she had her feet firmly planted on the earth and her head on her shoulders; she wanted it to stay like this and therefore she controlled that greed. She never allowed her ambition or desire for power to cloud her reasoning. It was precisely thanks to this characteristic of hers that after encountering the 'messenger' that night by a twist of fate she wisely decided to chase him away instead of killing or capturing him.

Of course, Shen Mei knew that if two nights ago she had decided to capture or kill the evolver soul of the enemy camp her own position might improve and she would definitely receive a good reward.... However, one needed to be alive to enjoy the privileges.

Shen Mei knew that a big war was coming and if her side ended up being the loser then no matter how many benefits she had before the battle, everything would break as easily as soap bubbles. Therefore, she finally decided to play it safe.

She believed that the leader of the other side must be someone powerful and probably possessed some kind of treasure that made him have a great degree of confidence in his victory. However, she definitely did not expect to see what she was seeing.

Even in her wildest dreams, Shen Mei never expected that the enemy leader, Bai Zemin, would be so monstrously powerful as to withstand the continuous bombardment of thousands of soldiers; including a dozen battle tanks, more than two dozen IFVs, nearly a hundred vehicles with heavy machine guns, etc.

"...How is this possible...."

Commander Jin Shun's eyes were wide open. His gaze seemed to be bloodshot as he looked at the indifferent expression of the enemy; an expression that in Jin Shun's eyes looked mocking and disdainful as if he was provoking them.

Mayor Bai Yong felt his heart was about to burst out of his chest. However, he surprisingly proved to be quite attentive for as if noticing something he hurriedly said:

"Why isn't he attacking?"

"Surely he's exhausted!" Mo Zan shouted and stepped forward excitedly, "I refuse to believe that after launching an attack of such magnitude and withstanding so many heavy attacks this so-called Bai Zemin guy can continue fighting just like that! He definitely needs time to recharge his batteries!"

Then, without waiting for orders or much of anything, Mo Zan ran out of the control center like an anxious dog.

"Mo Zan? Mo Zan! Where the hell are you going?!" Mayor Bai Yong hurriedly shouted.

If Mo Zan, who was his most powerful soul evolver, left at this moment; then Bai Yong's own personal safety would fall greatly! There was no way that only Shen Mei alone could completely contain Jin Shun's two soul evolvers!

"I will seize the opportunity to kill that dog Bai Zemin! You all should do your stuff!"

Mo Zan's voice reached the ears of everyone in the command center, getting fainter and fainter which proved that he had already gone too far away to turn back. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Damn bastard!" Bai Yong slammed the table roughly and cursed through gritted teeth.

Soul evolvers were the new powerhouses that had risen in power from among normal humans when the Soul Record intervened in everyone's lives. These soul evolvers had mostly eccentric attitudes and behaviors as they were all proud and arrogant to some extent making them incredibly difficult if not impossible to control.

Mo Zan was a powerful soul evolver of level 45 and his power was unquestionable. All of his enemies had been crushed or turned into a pile of ashes before his magical attacks so his pride and self-confidence were sky-high; even Mayor Bai Yong could not control him completely.

In fact, the only reason Mo Zan decided to listen and cooperate with Bai Yong was not because he was afraid of Bai Yong's power; after all, as a powerful soul revolver, Mo Zan could survive on his own anywhere else. The real reason why he listened to Bai Yong to some extent was because Mo Zan loved beautiful women and knew that he could only find beauties in large camps. Simple as that.

However, there was a big problem... And this was that Mo Zan would not tolerate anyone above him. Now that a Bai Zemin whose power clearly surpassed him had appeared, Mo Zan would not allow Bai Zemin to escape alive in any way and therefore decided to seize the opportunity he thought to see immediately.

Jin Shun's eyes flashed oddly as he said, "Mayor Bai, why are you so anxious? Just let Mo Zan fight against the leader of the enemies. Bai Zemin is currently exhausted and Mo Zan is a level 45 soul evolver with powerful skills so even if this Bai Zemin turned out to be more powerful than we estimated he will definitely have trouble dealing with someone of his caliber now that he is no longer in his best condition."

Bai Yong looked at Jin Shun with a dead expression and instead of saying anything he silently took off the coat covering his upper body.

Shen Mei and the two soul evolvers protecting Commander Jin Shun gasped at the sight of what was on Bai Yong's body. The three of them unconsciously stepped back a little as if they were tame rabbits before an enraged tiger.

"This... Mayor Bai?" Jin Shun swallowed audibly with a slightly pale face.

"Mm?" Bai Yong acted as if he didn't understand at first but after a moment he put on an expression as if he had received enlightenment and calmly said, "Oh! Curious about these grenades? You guys don't need to worry haha! I only brought them with me in case the enemy tries to capture us alive to get valuable information about the motherland. As honorable citizens of China, we can't afford to open our mouths to provide data that these bandits can use against the homeland."

What information or what bullshit! Jin Shun wanted to curse Bai Yong and his ancestors but did not dare.

Even though Bai Yong was a mayor in the past, his position was not important in the eyes of real leaders. There was no way Bai Yong had in his possession information capable of compromising China in any way; he was obviously just coughing up trash!

But Jin Shun also understood the reason why Bai Yong had more than ten grenades around his body. If he died, unless there were five soul evolvers able to react quickly, at least one grenade would definitely fall to the ground with his death and the explosion would end up burying everyone inside the command room.

Basically, this was the security method that Bai Yong had prepared for himself. He was silently telling Jin Shun: "If I die then you die with me". Simple.

The sinister plans in Jin Shun's mind died immediately and he quickly regained his composure as he began to give orders.

Bai Yong snorted in his heart and also started to work immediately.

As for Shen Mei, she was indifferent to the situation. Her life would be safe through the treasure she had found a week ago when she managed to hunt a First Order level 49 wounded beast so Bai Yong's grenades didn't scare her too much.

...

Back to the small mountain.

"Are you two okay?" Bai Zemin took advantage of the brief moment of 'peace' and looked at Chen He and Nangong Lingxin to make sure there were no major problems.

"I- I'm fine." Chen He nodded as he looked at Bai Zemin with lingering surprise.

"...Somehow I think I managed to survive..." Nangong Lingxin, on the other hand, seemed to be a bit dizzy even as she had no choice but to support herself using her sword as a stick.

"Nangong Lingxin, stay by my side and rest. When you feel better go back and support the troops of our Blood Spear Legion, right now the war between the army of soul evolvers should have begun." Bai Zemin commanded in a deep voice before looking at Chen He with a faint smile, "As for you.... Let me see what you are capable of."

* * * * * * *

Mass release: 6/10

Really thank you very much to all who give gifts to the novel and support with valuable tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3