Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

It was during the period of time when Bai Zemin had set out with a small group of three people to the north in order to see how such an example of a large camp was before finally deciding to conquer it or join forces with the opposing side that Chen He continued to improve his own strength practically without rest.

Chen He spent 72 hours without sleep at all and the only real reason he retired back then was because his Stamina stats had been mostly consumed and it was already a challenge for him to run, dodge enemy attacks, aim properly, pull the string of his bow, etc; everything had fallen below average and unless he wanted to die the wisest thing to do was to temporarily retire. Even his natural reflexes had dropped tremendously due to mental exhaustion.

During those three days, except for fulfilling his duty as one of the high commanders of the faction, Chen He spent all his time immersed inside one of the sub-district's forests. The number of beasts he hunted during this period of time definitely numbered in the thousands and while most of them were Unclassified creatures, there were some of First Order within the enemies he had defeated.

Chen He contributed many treasures, forging materials, meats of all kinds, and many other things to the faction. However, the things that served him to boost his strength by a small step naturally lingered at his side... To say nothing of those objects that served to boost his power a full step!

----------------------------------

[Oak Reflex Bow (Magic Grade Treasure): Longbow forged by a great blacksmith of ancient times using Blue Oak Wood Rank 3. It was Valkyrie of Eternity's initial weapon for over two centuries before being replaced and forgotten over time. This treasure is at the top of its kind. When equipped it increases the user's Agility by +60 points and multiplies reflexes x2. It possesses the attached skill Three Forms Arrow. The user can use magic arrows created by Mana and the power of each arrow depends on the Mana imbued in the bow and the user's Magic stat.]

[Three Forms Arrow 1: The first Form of the Three Arrows corresponds to a magic arrow that after splitting using the wind energy of the surroundings can unleash a large-scale attack. It covers a complete area of 20x20 meters in front of the user or it can cover a larger area depending on the height at which the arrow is at the moment of splitting. The attack power is halved. The power of this first Form increases correspondingly to the user's Magic stat. It can be used 3 times per day.]

[Three Forms Arrow 2: The second Form of the Three Arrows is equivalent to a powerful fire arrow capable of setting fire to everything in its path. The fire arrow is able to persist for 500 meters before losing its power completely. The power of the fire arrow increases depending on the user's Magic stat. It can be used 2 times per day.]

[Three Forms Arrow 3: The third and final form of the Three Arrows. This attack is a simple but extremely powerful arrow. It needs to channel for 3 seconds while imbuing Mana into the arrow before launching. After releasing the arrow from the bow, the Mana imbued in the arrow will be turned into penetrating power. Increases the chance of a critical hit depending on the amount of Mana imbued in the arrow and the user's Magic stat. Can be used 1 time every 24 hours.]

----------------------------------

Chen He gently stroked the body of his 'Oak Reflex Bow' and a faint smile appeared on his face as he took a step forward and looked down.

The enemy had already had time to prepare and gather again.

The time for mercy and commiseration was over.

But Chen He was not the only one who seemed to be thinking this as when his body became visible to everyone again, he immediately sensed mortal danger so he unhesitatingly jumped to the side.

Boom!

The ground shook and a large part of the mountain went flying as a sniper bullet hit the spot where Chen He was standing a second before.

Chen He's senses and enhanced reflexes were quick to judge that the shot had been fired by a soul evolver.

After analyzing the trajectory of the shot and the sound of which he felt the piercing wind, Chen He's eyes flashed like lightning in the middle of the night and his head automatically turned toward a certain point before he jumped high into the sky and pulled the string of his bow back with vigor.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!...

Bang! Bang! Bang!...

Chen He's body had barely left the ground when the earth beneath his feet was bombarded by a series of shots capable of turning his body into a sieve. Even if he was able to withstand most shots thanks to his Rank 1 armor the ricochet force behind the shot would definitely be enough to shake his internal organs.

"First Form." Chen He muttered and the longbow in his hands shone.

The body of the bow turned slightly greenish and the blue arrow immediately turned completely green.

Swoosh!

Chen He took advantage of his rising height and released the arrow skyward before his body began to fall. As he was falling he moved strangely, as if he was a bird capable of flying through the skies.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

Chen He felt dozens of shots graze his body, some of them even hitting his armor in non-dangerous places thanks to his quick and agile reaction. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

When his feet returned to the ground, he immediately activated his Soft Feather Path skill and charged towards the tank on the left of the ruined city, being immediately greeted by a large army of armed men.

As Chen He charged into the forest, the green arrow reached a height of over 2000 meters before it exploded and formed a green magic circle with strange runes. Then, the magic circle lit up and hundreds of arrows began to rain down from the sky.

The armed soldiers who were in the eastern part of the ruined city felt hell descending from the skies as many of them were directly hit by one arrow before their bodies were destroyed by the wind energy from the inside out, turning them into a pile of meat paste.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!....

Arrows of wind energy descended from the sky seemingly without stopping. Abandoned and dilapidated buildings were hit again and again until some of them finally couldn't take it anymore and collapsed.

A soul evolver belonging to Commander Jin Shun's faction carried a strange-looking sniper rifle that clearly had not been built by Earth human hands. This soul evolver possessed the active skill Ballistic Evolution which allowed her to evolve any type of bullet by one level. It was precisely this evolver who shoted earlier and although her ability was not as high as that of the dead Xiao Li she was definitely someone difficult to deal with.

Immediately after the soul evolver missed her previous shot she began to move to another position. However, her Agility was not very high as all her stats went to Mana and Magic to make the effect of her skill more prominent, therefore, the speed at which she moved was nothing out of this world.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

The wind swooshed and the soul evolver barely had time to raise her head when in her eyes were reflected dozens of green arrows falling in her direction. She couldn't even mutter a single letter before her body was filled with bloody holes.

A group of soldiers piloting one of the three operational war tanks desperately tried to aim the machine's 105 mm cannon while unleashing a hell of bullets trying unsuccessfully to hit the enemy archer who moved through the forest trees as if he were a ghost.

Just then an incredibly thick tree appeared in the firing range of the soldiers inside the battle tank and the enemy disappeared behind it.

The soldiers who were in charge of the cannon and machine guns aimed at the other end of the tree expecting to find the enemy there, however, even after a few seconds the expected enemy never showed himself.

"Where the hell is he?!" The infantryman in charge of controlling the 105 mm cannon shouted anxiously.

"Don't let your guard down, he might come out the same side he disappeared!" The one in charge of firing one of the main machine guns at the front pointed agitatedly.

The tree 100 meters away from them was so thick that even the battle tank they were piloting looked like a toy in comparison.

Fighting against high-level agility-type soul evolvers was hell for the heavy infantrymen because while one shot was all they needed to take home the victory, the problem was precisely that the shot had to hit at least close to the enemy to have any effect. Therefore, it could be said that the probability of victory of these men was 50% and that of the enemy soul evolver was also 50%.

A battle to the death.? Even for soldiers who were used to this kind of battle, it was impossible not to feel pressure. After all, no one really wanted to die. It was just that there was often no other choice, and unfortunately, this was one of those cases.

Just at that moment, the lead pilot and commander in charge of the battle tank spotted something on the machine's monitor.

"Aim the guns at the center of the tree and open fire!" the group leader whose military rank was Sergeant immediately bellowed.

The soldiers did not ask questions or hesitate even though they did not know why they would have to shoot at the tree. After all, a tree that big would definitely not fall even after taking five rounds from the 105mm cannon.

As soldiers, their only function was to follow orders. This was a principle that had been deeply instilled in their minds since they entered the army and only under certain circumstances were these men willing to go against this principle.

The machine roared and the machine gun barrels moved. The most terrifying thing was naturally the long muzzle of the cannon; a single shot from this beast could break through all defenses and turn even the most powerful evolved human into a pile of meat paste.

Even Bai Zemin had no way of surviving a 105mm cannon. While his outer body could basically come out unscathed, the inside of his body did not currently possess the ability to survive something like that.

Unfortunately, the war tank could not match the movements of an agility-type soul evolver and the soldiers piloting it did not have reflexes and reaction speed even minimally comparable to Chen He's.

Activating his First Order level 5 skill 'No Barriers', Chen He's body magically passed through the tree trunk as if he was walking naturally and as if there was no obstacle in front of him.

Just as the cannons pointed in his direction, he scoffed coldly and the fiery red arrow on his bowstring waiting to be released was finally released from its bindings.

Bang!

The hot air exploded and under the terrified gazes of the soldiers the fiery red color of the arrow was reflected in their pupils before finally all became silent for them.

BOOM!

The fiery arrow broke through the tank's armored defenses quite easily and after a moment of silence, the metal machine was engulfed in a cloud of rising fire before it finally exploded noisily.

Pieces of metal flew everywhere, set on fire. They looked extremely beautiful as they left a trail of hot smoke when one of them soared through the sky before finally falling to the forest grass and slowly extinguishing, leaving behind nothing but a pile of broken scrap metal.

Chen He did not give the destroyed war tank a second glance and as he disappeared into the darkness of the forest he once again became the hunter.

* * * * * * *

Mass release: 8/10

Really thank you very much to all who give gifts to the novel and support with valuable tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3