Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen He's power proved to be considerably terrifying, slightly surprising Bai Zemin.

"This guy grew quite a bit while I wasn't paying attention to him." Bai Zemin nodded in satisfaction as he watched Chen He destroy enemies without apparent mercy.

In the past, Chen He was quite a submissive person. His kindness was so high that it bordered on stupidity. To be completely honest, Bai Zemin even came to think that Chen He's future would not be good as his own attitude and behavior in this new world limited him tremendously.

However, Chen He's transformation was extremely satisfying. While there were still things that Bai Zemin and he disagreed on regarding certain matters, it was nothing too severe since as human beings differences would always exist.

"I guess human beings really are creatures of habit and adaptation." Bai Zemin chuckled as he watched the enemies falling like flies.

It didn't matter if they were foot infantry troops, armored infantry, or soul evolvers; they were all shot down sooner or later and none managed to stop the arrows of Chen He's bow.

The large forests surrounding the area and the ruined city had become Chen He's personal hunting ground while the enemy who was supposed to put up some fight was slowly being slaughtered.

"Let's see how the other battlefield is." Bai Zemin looked behind him and his body swayed gently, disappearing from his position in an instant as if he had never been there in the first place.

* * *

Approximately ten kilometers away from the ruined city. Deep within one of the forests a battle that was no less terrifying despite the fact that no battle tanks or IFVs were involved was being fought.

Zhong De, wearing heavy plate armor and carrying a giant two-handed mace looked extremely brave. His formerly silver armor was almost entirely dyed red and the metal helmet with two horns on either side that covered his face, barely exposing both eyes, made him look more like a wild bull than a human.

In front of him were two soul evolvers and just judging by the aura exuded from their bodies it was clear that both were First Order beings. However, their current conditions were not very good.

One of the soul evolvers carried two maces and wore heavy plate armor. However, his face was as pale as a sheet and the two maces were covered with cracks all over. Most frightening was that on the left side of the abdomen and just below the ribs, it could be seen that not only was a large piece of armor missing but the flesh had been forcibly torn off by something; blood was dripping non-stop, and although the cells were constantly writhing it was clear that the wound would not heal any time soon.

The other soul evolver was a woman. Her body was seductive and her face was beautiful like most First Order existences. Unlike the first, this female soul evolver carried a normal-looking sword in her left hand and wore leather armor that fit her body perfectly. This woman previously carried a shield in her right hand, unfortunately, half of her arm was nowhere to be seen at the moment and all that was there was a large, nasty piece of bleeding flesh.

"You guys are really level 29 and level 30?" Zhong De asked with slight scorn in his heavy voice. As he looked at his enemies, he said doubtfully, "My level is barely 26 and I just broke not long ago but you can't even take a single hit."

At first, when these two First Order soul evolvers appeared before him, Zhong De was prepared for a fierce confrontation. However, little did he expect that three swings of his giant mace would be enough to leave the enemy in such a miserable state.

Even the swordswoman was not very fast. While it was true that Zhong De was under the effect of the active skill Lightning Movement, his Agility was only 90 points; quite miserable considering his level. As if that wasn't enough, the weight of his armor and mace caused his movement speed to drop tremendously, so logically speaking the swordswoman should be able to overwhelm him in terms of movement speed... But nothing could be more far from the truth.

The two soul evolvers belonging to Baiquan Camp did not respond to Zhong De's question as they were not only fighting against the pain of their bodies but were also trying to forcibly suppress the shock they felt in their hearts.

The names of these two soul evolvers were Hao Zheng for the male and Ye Jiao for the female. Both of them held quite prominent positions within Mayor Bai Yong's faction and there were very few in the entire Baiquan Camp able to stand against them, definitely no more than ten existences among more than twenty thousand survivors in total.

Hao Zheng and Ye Jiao were very proud and had great confidence in their strength. Such confidence grew when they both broke through the threshold and became First Order existences; after acquiring their jobs, they both understood how great and immense the difference between an Unclassified existence and a First Order existence was.

In addition, as more and more Soul Power was needed to level up, the difference in power between one level and the other only grew. However, the man in front of them proved to be an extremely strange anomaly! UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Hao Zheng and Ye Jiao could feel that the Soul Power of the man in front of them was definitely less than theirs. However, when the battle began both of them did nothing but take a beating!

"How is this possible...?" Ye Jiao seemed to not feel the pain of her missing arm as the shock in her heart was stronger at this moment.

Zhong De lifted his two-meter mace and placed it on his right shoulder as he muttered, "I guess the Leader's words are really true after all.... The purity of my Soul Power really is higher than average after defeating several creatures of a higher level than mine."

So far, Zhong De had followed the advice Bai Zemin had given everyone and had mainly focused on defeating creatures above his level. This was very dangerous to do as the greater amount of Soul Power an enemy had usually meant greater danger when fighting if the difference was too big. Therefore, very few did this and generally, everyone preferred to hunt huge numbers of zombies to level up.

The number of zombies that could be found in abandoned villages or small towns was several thousand or even tens of thousands. A level 20 soul evolver could decimate tens of thousands of zombies with enough time and would not experience any kind of danger as long as he or she did not let them surround him or herself; this was the best known and most used method by everyone in Baiquan Camp.

But the soul evolvers of Bai Zemin's faction followed a different path. They all fought mainly with creatures that exceeded their levels by a small margin. It was more difficult but the rewards were also juicier as they occasionally even received boosts to their natural stats.

It was just that since all the soul evolvers fought each other as training, none of them noticed anything special. It was only now that they were facing soul evolvers from another faction who were leveling up differently from them that the soul evolvers of the Transcendent faction realized that their personal strength was above their levels! Even if it wasn't much, that difference would only grow larger and larger over time if they stayed the same way!

"Hey, Zhong De! You're still not done playing?"

As the battle between Zhong De and the two soul evolvers seemed to have come to a momentary pause, a powerful voice traveled from the distance and attracted the gaze of the three of them.

The area a kilometer around was extremely chaotic with arrows, lightning, wind blades, ice spikes, water whips, and all sorts of magical skills flying everywhere as the melee combatants clashed their weapons trying to break through the enemy's defense in order to deal a killing strike.

However, while the Unclassified existences fought their battles to the death, there were some battlefields that had been left open and which no one dared to approach at all for fear of getting caught up and dying miserably.

These were the battlefields belonging to First Order existences, a forbidden place to which Unclassified existences were not allowed to step into. Only shock waves between First Order existences were enough to injure an Unclassified soul evolver, let alone missed or deflected attacks.

On one of these battlefields, the one closest to the battlefield where Zhong De was fighting, a three-meter tall Nangong Yi was looking at Zhong De with a big bestial grin. All around him was a bloody mess and three shattered corpses could be seen with limbs torn off and casually tossed aside. The expression on the faces of the corpses was one of absolute terror at the death they had received.

With the surrounding trees destroyed after so many shock waves, the sunlight managed to reach that formerly dark land.

Under the glare of the sunlight rays, the greenish scales covering Nangong Yi's body shone splendidly. Instead of hands, he had two large claws and on the back of his body was a long, thick tail that occasionally swung or struck the ground with vigor creating 5-meter wide craters as if it were nothing.

* * * * * * *

Mass release: 9/10

Really thank you very much to all who give gifts to the novel and support with valuable golden tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3