Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The flames from Mo Zan's skill were really powerful. At least they were flames more powerful than the flames coming from the Blazing Ring that glowed with a faint crimson glint on the index finger of Bai Zemin's hand.

Bai Zemin estimated that perhaps only the power of the flames from the skill attached to the Blazing Ring in conjunction with the skill attached to the Hurricane Necklace could compare in terms of power to the heat of the flames that made up the huge sphere of fire before him.

The heat of the flames was threatening to the point that even Bai Zemin was forced to admit that if he wanted to take this magical attack without any defensive measures he would definitely come out with more than a few minor scratches and even if he did not die his injuries could probably cause his battle prowess to decline by at least 30%.

Even though Mo Zan was a level 45 soul evolver, it was clear that the purity of his Soul Power was considerably good. Just judging by the tremendous amount of magic power that the huge fire sphere contained, it wasn't too crazy to assume that Mo Zan's Magic stat had broken past 400 points.

Leaving aside existences on the scale of Evangeline and Shangguan Bing Xue, Mo Zan was probably the most powerful person Bai Zemin had encountered to this day. In fact, speaking in terms of destructive power and leaving aside everything else, Mo Zan was undoubtedly the most terrifying human existence Bai Zemin knew of, even surpassing Shangguan Bing Xue by a wide margin.

This was not to say that Shangguan Bing Xue's Magic stat was necessarily lower than that of Mo Zan. The problem was that Shangguan Bing Xue's ability to create and use ice was not exactly focused on destruction while Mo Zan's fire skill on the other hand was exclusively for destruction.

Since time immemorial, whether in reality or in fantasy, the fire was one of the most fierce and destructive elements in existence. Of course, while it was a powerful element, it had many shortcomings.

Just as the saying went, "Be careful when playing with fire or you might get burned."

Bai Zemin's lips curved upward slightly, giving shape to a childish smile, pure like that of an innocent kid who had never seen the wickedness of the world and free from all evil impurities. It was an expression that he would never show before anyone, his heart would not allow it; as the leader and core, as well as the source of faith, of an entire faction, Bai Zemin could not allow himself to show weakness before anyone as this could be used against him.

The expression on his face could not be seen by anyone. Shangguan Bing Xue and Chen He were behind him so they could only see his back along with his shadow projected by the huge sphere of burning fire that practically covered him completely. If a person who knew Bai Zemin saw this kind of expression they would undoubtedly be very surprised, they might even wonder if this Bai Zemin was the Bai Zemin they knew.

However, probably only his beloved mother, his cherished father, and his precious younger sister would be able to find nothing strange in that smile since they were the only ones who knew his essence.... No, he had also shown that kind of expression to Lilith when he obtained good treasures after hard deadly battles. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Wu Yijun had not been wrong about what she had told him several nights ago, even though the skill Stone Heart effectively caused certain personality features to stand out more, thus suppressing others; his essence remained the same as always. After all, Bai Zemin was still himself with or without the skill Stone Heart.

As for the reason behind his joy?

'Then the power of this little blue-colored scoundrel must at least be a high-quality Second Order flame or it might even turn out to be a Third Order flame!' Bai Zemin rejoiced as he looked at the little blue dot that blocked the fiery fireball from continuing to advance forward any further.

This small blue dot was naturally the fire called Endless Blue Lotus Flame with which Bai Zemin had formed a strange pact called Soul Pact not many days ago.

The Endless Blue Lotus Flame had taken care of stopping the fire-like attack launched by the enemy and thereby preventing Bai Zemin from getting hurt or otherwise his precious gloves might have started to slowly melt away by now. No, more precisely, instead of stopping the attack what the Endless Blue Lotus Flame was actually doing was even more terrifying.

The Endless Blue Lotus Flame was analyzing the enemy flame in the same way a child analyzes its plate of food before finally launching into action!

The reason why Bai Zemin judged and analyzed the power of the Endless Blue Lotus Flame as a high-ranked flame within the Second Order flames or even a Third Order flame was simple; since the skill Crimson Blood Judgment needed a flame whose power reached the Second Order before it could activate and since the fire of the huge ball of flames possessed a power similar to the flame formed with the union of the Blazing Ring and the Hurricane Necklace, then it was natural to assume that the Endless Blue Lotus Flame was superior since it could contain such a flame seemingly without any problems.

As Bai Zemin rejoiced, time seemed to have stopped for those watching the events unfold.

Regardless of whether it was the soldiers watching everything from several kilometers away with anxious expressions after being attacked again and again by the mighty Chen He, regardless of whether it was the allied soul evolvers watching everything from inside the forest through Pei Pei's Shared Projecting Eyes skill, or regardless of whether it was Shangguan Bing Xue and Chen He; none of them seemed to understand what was going on.

The heat burned high enough for the ice to slowly melt, the earth cracked and the ground burned. The temperature was so unbearable that Chen He and Shangguan Bing Xue had no choice but to retreat a few steps without taking their eyes off Bai Zemin's back.

On the other hand, Mo Zan seemed to have seen a ghost. His bloodshot eyes slowly opened wider and wider. Why the hell wasn't the flames exploding?! Why the hell wasn't his skill engulfing the enemy?! Mo Zan's mind went into even deeper chaos than it already was at a scene that was happening for the first time.

In the past, every time he threw his skill at full power the enemy always died. Mo Zan had simply taken it for granted, he believed that it would always be like that. Therefore, when something outside of his comprehension showed itself before him, he failed to accept or assimilate it even though the distance was short enough for his eyes to catch everything with details included.

Bai Zemin narrowed his eyes and sent his will to the Endless Blue Lotus Flame that was deeply connected to his soul having made a pact seemingly similar in appearance to the pact he shared with Cai Jingyi and Kang Lan after making them both his Loyal Followers. Although the contract was similar, at the same time it was essentially different; as to what that particular difference was, Bai Zemin knew little or nothing regarding souls to understand anything like this at the current stage.

After receiving his command, the Endless Blue Lotus Flame finally stopped playing and like a machine obeying its driver began to expand its size rapidly.

The huge bright yellow sphere measured very close to 300 meters in diameter. Its size was nothing to scoff at and its brightness was powerful enough to illuminate an area of about half a kilometer noticeably even though the sun was already shining high in the sky. Soon, however, something happened that blew everyone's minds.

It all started from a small, insignificant-looking deep sea blue dot, however, Shangguan Bing Xue, Chen He, and all the soul evolvers watching the scene from the forest through the energy screen saw how that small blue dot quickly began to assimilate the huge yellow fireball.

Like great sea waves engulfing entire cities, the blue color spread with Bai Zemin's palm as the center upward, downward, to the left, and finally to the right.

In just a few moments the huge bright yellow fireball had transformed into a huge deep blue fireball that glowed very dimly, giving it a considerably ominous appearance to the point where the surrounding light seemed to be devoured by the blue-colored flame.

"What... What the hell is that whatever it is?" Chen He felt his blood run cold at such a sight.

Instinctively, he felt that if he got too close his body would start to burn even though curiously enough the temperature didn't seem to be high at all; in fact, it seemed to have fallen after the color of the huge fireball turned from bright yellow to deep blue.

"That's..." Shangguan Bing Xue on the other hand had a shocked expression on her face as the dark blue flames reflected in her sky blue eyes.

The feeling conveyed by that fire and the fire that was in the furnace in Bai Zemin's workshop was similar to the point where it couldn't be more similar

But wasn't that blue flame a treasure to forge? How come it was now suddenly turned into an attack flame? Shangguan Bing Xue suddenly felt the urge to grab Bai Zemin by the ear and take him to a corner to question him properly about it.

"Impossible!"

Mo Zan, on the other hand, couldn't believe what he was seeing. After feeling the connection between him and his fireball being lost as if the fireball had been destroyed even though it was actually right in front of his eyes, Mo Zan roared his disbelief as he unconsciously took a step forward due to anger and shock.

Bai Zemin did not respond. Instead, he grabbed onto the huge fireball with one hand, and as he pushed it over his head with ease he sent out a wave composed of 200 points of his Mana powered by his 900+ Magic stat points.

Bang!

The giant fireball was sent flying into the skies as if it were an inflatable ball that was hit by a truck, soaring in an instant several kilometers high and breaking beyond the white clouds that soon disappeared without a trace.

With his right hand still pointing skyward, Bai Zemin clenched his fist and shouted aloud, "Explode!"

As those words left his mouth, the wind blowing from the four directions seemed to stop. The roar of the beasts coming from the depths of the forests stopped as if they had sensed something and even the breathing of all the humans in the area seemed to stagnate.

Inside the walls of Baiquan Camp, the survivors had already been informed about the impending war so they were all inside their homes under the continuous surveillance of several groups of a few dozen armed men covering the most important areas. However, they all seemed to have sensed something as they approached the window of their homes and automatically turned their gazes to the distant sky.

The golden-colored sun was covered by what appeared to be a second deep blue sun. The rays of light covering an area of approximately 20 kilometers took on a slightly blackish hue and for a moment it seemed that night might be about to descend even though it was only close to noon.

'... Don't fuck with me!' Bai Zemin felt his heart clench slightly as he watched the size of the fireball shrink rapidly until it reached the size of an invisible marble from the ground.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!!!!!!

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all who give gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3