Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Apart from the terrifying suction force coming from the space rift, the explosions caused by the constant pressure and changes in the atmosphere due to not only the low temperatures but the abrupt change in the flow were also something to worry about and fight against.

Bai Zemin could not and had no time to worry about anything other than the deadly battle he was silently waging against the world into which he was born. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

That's right, a battle to the death against the world.

Shangguan Bing Xue's barrier was destroyed and thus all the weight fell on his shoulders. The level of the challenge went from Hell to Nightmare mode in an instant and Bai Zemin could swear that a Third Order existence would not necessarily be able to sustain the frightening Mana consumption he was bearing.

In fact, had it not been for the fact that his Mana stat was monstrously high for his level, Bai Zemin would have died long ago in this silent confrontation. This did not apply only to him but all those at approximately 6000 meters would be killed.

The suction power of the space crack despite its relatively small size compared to the blood barrier was such that all life in the vicinity would probably be swallowed up by that black hole and ejected to some unknown part of outer space. If such a thing happened, regardless of whether it was human or beast, only an instant was needed for life to become extinct.

Rumble...

The blood barrier suddenly began to shudder and the rumbling sound was deep to the point where it sounded like a monster roaring at the threat.

Everyone's hearts immediately became tense as they noticed the cracks spreading along the barrier as they were fully aware of what would happen if that single thin and seemingly weak yet powerful defensive barrier collapsed.

Bai Zemin's expression was ice cold and his eyes looked at the sky above his head with lethality. The mana in his body circulated swiftly and was injected into the rune representing his Second Order Blood Manipulation skill constantly which strengthened the blood barrier more and more gradually.

"Come on... You can... Hold on..." Shangguan Bing Xue whispered to herself as she kept her eyes fixed on that back that now looked wider and firmer than ever despite occasionally hesitating.

The cracks were constantly appearing and disappearing, at times it seemed that the barrier was about to be destroyed and collapse but in the next instant the cracks would recede as if time were turning backwards, but before everyone could rejoice, the cracks would show themselves again and the safety of their lives was put in mortal danger once more.

Approximately sixty seconds later, the space crack that had opened after receiving a blast powerful enough to break through the Earth's defenses began to recoil.

The world's mana was finally repairing the damage received.

The allied soul evolvers hidden in the forest and the enemy soul evolvers who could see what was happening beyond the crimson barrier let out cries of joy and the roar soon spread far enough for the citizens inside the walls to realize that something good must have happened so they too began to cry out in joy as they tearfully hugged each other.

"Bai Zemin, just a little more and the crack will be sealed!" Shangguan Bing Xue exclaimed in excitement at the sight.

Bai Zemin nodded but did not dare to be careless. His serious face had lost almost all trace of color, proof that his Mana reserves were being completely drained at a rate that was far too fast.

Although manipulating blood did not require Bai Zemin to consume more than a single point of Mana, strengthening blood and the structures created from that blood did consume Mana commensurate with the level of strengthening.

After what seemed like an eternity, the suction force grew weaker and weaker until with a strange unpleasant screeching sound, the blue sky returned to normal.

That dark fissure that resembled the mouth of a mythological monster plastered across the skies had finally disappeared.

Bai Zemin waved his right hand to the side and the blood barrier immediately deformed back to its liquid state. With another wave of his hand, the waves of blood flew back towards him and with a thought the crimson pearl quickly stored each drop in an orderly fashion before returning to the pocket in Bai Zemin's pants.

After the nerves in his body calmed down and the adrenaline that flowed through his blood as a result of the imminent danger he faced just before disappeared, Bai Zemin felt the world around him spinning.

It took everything in him to keep his body steady along with a sharp and confident look. His Mana had dropped below 10 points at this point and the consumption had been so explosive that his body was practically begging him to faint to be able to recover faster from the losses.

But he could not fall here nor was he allowed to show any sign of weakness or else the enemy would use it against him immediately. Besides, although Bai Zemin felt nauseous and dizzy, this was because he basically could no longer use magic... But his physical battle power was still there. A single swing of his hands at this point could turn a normal person into flesh pulp, but if possible, he preferred to avoid killing more people as soon these men would be his army and his allies.

'What's more, I can also use this to my advantage.' An idea flashed in Bai Zemin's mind and with great difficulty he took a step forward to look at everyone.

As for Mo Zan... Bai Zemin didn't even give him a glance. In his eyes, Mo Zan was an insignificant existence and an ant that he could easily crush with one hand. In fact, Bai Zemin was not even tempted to absorb his Soul Power at all so he preferred to let someone else take care of it.

However, this did not mean that Chen He felt the same way. Besides, by right Mo Zan's Soul Power should belong to him since he was the one who fought the battle and who critically injured him. Therefore, after understanding the reason why Bai Zemin did not kill Mo Zan, he pulled the string of his bow and without a single word shot a magic arrow straight into the heart of the enemy.

Mo Zan had not only exhausted all his Mana but was also in a state where his mind was swinging wildly between the limit of sanity and madness. First he had been badly wounded by some unknown character and to top it off the enemy leader took his strongest attack with ease before performing a terrifying demonstration of power as if to show him that in his eyes, Mo Zan was nothing more than a pile of air.

Badly wounded, humiliated, and desperate. Mo Zan, who had lost his ability to use magic, at this point was even weaker than an average human. Therefore, from a distance of just over 100 meters, he could not even react when the blue arrow pierced past his shattered armor and through his heart.

Mo Zan opened his mouth as he raised his head and looked at Bai Zemin, he seemed to want to say something. However, Bai Zemin again ignored him and treated him as if he were a piece of trash that just looking at him would stain his eyes before walking past him as if he did not exist. In the end, Mo Zan looked at Chen He, who was looking at him with cold eyes from afar and with his bow still pointed at him.

Finally, the most powerful soul evolver of Baiquan Camp collapsed onto his own knees before falling powerlessly to the ground.

A large orb of Soul Power came out of Mo Zan's body and entered Chen He's body finally taking him to level 40 and granting him plenty of Magic and Mana stat points.

Another orb of Soul Power smaller and less bright than the previous one entered Bai Zemin's body, apparently the Soul Record considered him as an assistant in the death of Mo Zan after having taken the final attack of the latter.

With the death of Mo Zan, who was basically the only existence whose mass destructive power could threaten Bai Zemin's faction, the Baiquan Camp no longer had a chance to make a comeback no matter how hard they tried.

Bai Zemin arrived at the edge of the mountain now basically turned into a pile of flat land and took a deep breath preparing to bellow once again, demanding the surrender of the enemy troops.

However, what happened next surprised him.

The enemy soldiers and police officers threw their firearms to the ground before raising their hands in silence. Those operators of the only two functioning enemy battle tanks (leaving aside the 10 incapacitated before combat) emerged from the battle machines and the operators of the IFVs followed not long after.

The soul evolvers who were mixed into the army due to possessing skills that enhanced the firearms or the ammunition they used also presented no resistance and obediently raised their hands before walking orderly into a clearing.

Bai Zemin could not think clearly at this moment as his mind was still buzzing. Therefore, it was difficult for him to comprehend what was happening.

It was then when along with the arrival of that heavenly scent of delightful pure jasmine, a soft voice reached his ears:

"After seeing that earlier attack of yours, I think it would be weirder if the enemy camp continues to show signs of resistance."

Who else could it be besides Shangguan Bing Xue?

Bai Zemin glanced over his shoulder at her and noticed that her face was also pale. But what caught his attention the most was that her usually cold and indifferent gaze actually had a slight gentle touch that was hard to describe in words as she looked at him.

However, soon Bai Zemin's attention was drawn to the smell of blood and his gaze unconsciously automatically shifted downward.

Seeing Shangguan Bing Xue's ever pure white hands stained red with fresh blood Bai Zemin's gaze changed and he quickly asked, "What happened to you? Are you all right?"

"Why? Worried about me?" Shangguan Bing Xue tried to joke but seeing how Bai Zemin began to frown she quickly added: "It's okay, don't worry. I inadvertently ended up injuring myself due to nerves. This kind of insignificant wound will heal by itself in an instant."

Bai Zemin looked into her eyes for a moment but it was hard to tell whether she was lying or not because Shangguan Bing Xue was an expert at masking her facial expressions. Therefore, after thinking about it for a moment and realizing that indeed that level of injury was nothing worth mentioning, he slowly nodded without pursuing the matter further.

However, soon Bai Zemin was surprised after realizing that just now he was indeed worried about Shangguan Bing Xue. Considering the passive effect of the Stone Heart skill, a skill which was twice as powerful against the other gender, the fact that he was concerned about her was quite surprising and worth emphasizing.

It was probably because he had slowly begun to consider her as an important friend rather than a mere ally or subordinate. Bai Zemin felt that was a reasonable enough thought so he didn't give the matter any more thought either and instead began to pay attention to what really mattered at the moment.

With the enemy's main troops surrendering, there was nothing and no one that could prevent Bai Zemin and his faction from taking control of the Baiquan Camp.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all who give gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3