Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Bai Zemin did not waste too much of his time with someone as insignificant as Bai Jian was to him and to the world as a whole. In fact, had Bai Jian not made him angry after treating him as if he were an ant when in fact the only ant was him, Bai Zemin might not even have bothered with someone like him.

Therefore, after letting him see clearly how all the troops had surrendered to him and slowly began to enter the camp walls again under his command, Bai Zemin let someone else take care of Bai Jian. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

This arrogant young master who put no one in his eyes did not live for more than two months in this new world. This was another definite proof that those who relied too much on their past backups could meet miserable fates if they offended someone who in the past had nothing but in this world managed to acquire amazing power after evolving by themselves.

When the world changed, times and circumstances also changed.

Soon, Bai Zemin left everyone behind and disappeared in a matter of seconds.

He needed to hunt down Commander Jin Shun because even though he was not afraid to let this man escape, he did not want to let him go so easily. Regardless of how weak Jin Shun might be, an enemy was an enemy and Bai Zemin was not a merciful person.

Wu Yijun watched as he disappeared raising a cloud of dust before the explosive waves of his fast movement with a dreamy look on his face.

"Yijun, you are really lost, huh?" Chen He walked up to her and chuckled.

Wu Yijun looked at him and snorted, "You're not the one to talk, don't you think?"

Chen He coughed uncomfortably when he heard this and blushed slightly. Then, he justified himself, "Bing Xue and I have known each other for almost twenty years. It is completely normal for me to develop feelings towards her considering how excellent she is. However, you've only known Bai Zemin for less than two months and during that time the number of times you've actually seen him probably doesn't exceed 30 days considering how busy we all are with different tasks."

"Bah." Wu Yijun waved her hand and joked, "That also means I've been lost for about two months while you've been lost for almost twenty years."

The corner of Chen He's mouth twitched and he said quietly, "Forget it, I'm not talking to you anymore."

"Hehe!" Wu Yijun laughed self-satisfied. "It's good that you know what's good for you!"

From a very young age, Chen He often tried to tease her about anything. Unfortunately for the young archer, Wu Yijun was not as innocent as her baby face suggested and her tongue was quite sharp when it came to making remarks when she wanted it to be.

Wu Yijun let out a sigh of relief in her heart as she saw that her childhood friend seemed to be back to normal. She was still worried about him and about his attitude earlier inside the mutated forest, but apparently Bai Zemin's tactic had worked on him.

"I'm glad you're okay now." Wu Yijun said as she watched the armed army begin to enter through the gates of the camp.

"... I'm really sorry about earlier, I really am." Chen He sighed and apologized for his attitude towards her an hour or two ago.

"Don't worry about it. It's not the first time you've acted like a brat anyway, I'm used to it~"

"You..."

"Hehe~"

...

While Wu Yijun and Chen He were chatting, they were actually also paying attention to their surroundings just like all the soul evolvers.

The armed troops began to retake the critical defensive points of the wall in the northern direction and after leaving about 1/4 of the troops stationed there the huge army split into three groups before departing in different parts while being led by trusted powerful people.

These three groups were destined to protect the other three walls of the camp to prevent any enemy creature from sneaking into the settlement or at the very least to buy time for the more powerful ones to arrive on the scene.

The reason Wu Yijun felt safe letting these people go was not only because there were people such as Evangeline, Chen He, Fu Xuefeng, Yan Tu, and many more personally leading one of the four areas but because she had given a small but important speech that had left all the soldiers who were previously loyal to Commander Jin Shun speechless.

"This time, I will stop holding back." Wu Yijun whispered to herself as she walked through the streets and watched as the survivors whispered and pointed whenever they saw a modified military vehicle passing by them.

What Wu Yijun had done was to expose her real identity as the granddaughter of the Chinese Prime Minister. Of course, although her words surprised all the enemy soldiers who had submitted with no other choice, they were still far from being enough to make them listen to her. After all, words were carried away by the wind and were nothing more than empty sounds with no real meaning.

However, when Wu Yijun showed proof that she was not lying, those soldiers were forced to admit that before them was a member of one of the most powerful and influential families in the country and they immediately became a lot calmer.

"At the very least, now they won't cause any big trouble." She chuckled as she looked at a small snapshot in her hand.

"Grandpa, I hope you and the others are doing well."

In that snapshot was a beautiful young woman of about 19 or 20 years old next to a rather old man of about 60 or so. However, even though the man was clearly an old man, the vigor in his posture and the air of power in his gaze was more than enough evidence to show that he was no ordinary person.

It was not difficult to recognize this person as Wu Jianhong. Anyone who had watched the news at least once should have seen him on television giving a press conference. Therefore, the soldiers naturally recognized him easily.

Wu Jianhong's position was basically supreme in China. A person such as Jin Shun was important, but only within his military settlement; unlike the Premier whose influence extended throughout the country. Therefore, these soldiers unconsciously began to listen more to Wu Yijun without so much prejudice.

Although Wu Yijun was not Wu Jianhong, as the latter's granddaughter, she had certain privileges that others did not. At the very least, knowing that she came from that Wu family, the men who were formerly subordinates of the military commander Jin Shun were no longer so reluctant to obey.

"It seems that there is also a lot of work to be done at this base." Wu Yijun sighed as she surveyed the surroundings.

There was a group of 5 level 20 evolvers beside her acting as her bodyguards. All of them were observing the surroundings and unconsciously felt pleased with themselves as they compared this camp to the camp set up with the effort of all of them together.

The sparkle in the eyes of these survivors had disappeared, there were some of them who were still wearing bad clothes and there were areas that were smelly to the point where it was unbearable to even go near there.

Although there seemed to be some trade in a few areas, it could not compare to the Transcendent faction's camp. This was because unlike Bai Yong and Jin Shun who were preoccupied with secretly fighting each other and maintaining their forces, Bai Zemin really gave his all for the betterment of his people; this was because unlike these two, Bai Zemin did not need to fear anything.

Suddenly, while still standing at the north gate of the camp making sure everything was in order, Wu Yijun heard explosions coming from the distance and her expression changed.

She gave some quick orders to the people next to her and then activated Lightning Movement, dashing into the distance at lightning speed.

The other survivors did not notice anything strange temporarily. Unlike a First Order soul evolver, these survivors were just normal unevolved humans so while Wu Yijun was able to faintly hear the explosions coming from several kilometers away, the survivors were unable to do so because the camp was extremely noisy in itself.

* * *

On the other hand, in the core of the base.

Bai Yong and his younger sister had anxious expressions as they watched the maidservants and some soul evolvers quickly move supplies toward the modified military trucks.

"Big brother, little Jian..." Bai Wei inquired in a low voice.

"Give up." Bai Yong said in a deep voice. "Since the enemy is so tenacious, it's not possible for little Jian to stay alive. At least not in good condition."

Bai Wei gritted her teeth and said angrily rather than sadly, "That brat son of mine never listens when I talk at him! If he hadn't been so stubborn about going to that camp to try to negotiate he wouldn't have met such a fate!"

"Hmph." Bai Yong snorted and said with some indifference, "He has only himself to blame for his stubbornness. Besides, Wei, you and I both know that little Jian's attitude hasn't been good over the past few years. Do you really think he tried to negotiate with the enemy? Most likely that brat tried to force the enemy camp to surrender using sharp words, which finally ended up infuriating that dog Bai Zemin."

"... Forget it then" Bai Wei sighed sadly.

Although she really was sad and furious about her son's death, the enemy's strength was too great at this moment for them to do anything about it. Some might call it cruelty or indifference, but growing up in a political family Bai Wei had learned from a young age to hold back and look for the right opportunities before going on the attack.

What could she do at this point against her son's murderer? Nothing! She would only be sending herself to her own death.

Bai Yong naturally knew his sister well so he looked at her with gentle eyes and promised in a serious voice: "Wei, don't worry. That dog Bai Zemin is indeed strong right now, but he is definitely not invincible. If we manage to reach the center of Beijing after creating our own armed forces and manage to communicate with a missile base, it won't be hard to send him and his whole bandit gang to hell. By then, little Jian's death will be properly avenged."

Bai Yong still counted about 15 soul evolvers among whom there was a First Order existence. With this kind of lineup, it would not be difficult for him to make his way to other villages and find more resources and survivors. Then, he would just have to slowly start arming these survivors in exchange for food and in a few months, Bai Yong believed he would be able to gather a force of 500 or 1000 men.

It was never too late to take revenge. A man who knew how to wait for his moment would always succeed sooner or later.

'However, this time I will focus on raising soul evolvers. I won't make the same mistake a second time!' Bai Yong secretly thought as he clenched his fists until his knuckles turned white.

This defeat had been one of the greatest humiliations Bai Yong had ever suffered in his lifetime and it had been at the hands of a young brat no more than twenty years old. But Bai Yong had quickly realized that the problem lay not only in the strength of the enemy leader but that the enemy in general was tremendously strong!

'Soul evolvers, uh.... I guess I'll have to put in a little effort myself too,' Bai Yong made up his mind to fight his fears and evolve properly as well.

'That dog Bai Zemin is tremendously powerful as hard as it is for me to admit.... If at some point I managed to obtain that kind of strength or even surpass it, who in this world could even oppose my words? Even Xuanyuan Wentian himself would have to listen to my opinions!' Bai Yong already imagined himself reigning over the new China.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all who give gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3