Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

After the important things were moved from the basement of his villa to the various military trucks that Bai Yong had traded with Jin Shun and then modified before finally hiding them in the case at some point situations arose where he had no choice but to run away, Bai Yong ordered everyone to get into the vehicles.

A small group of vehicles departed in a westerly direction, directly towards the exit.

The people at the base really still had no idea that the war had been lost and except for a privileged few the rest were completely uninformed about the fact that the previous lords of the Baiquan Camp had been overthrown by the faction several kilometers to the north.

Therefore, when the survivors who were beginning to leave their homes after things calmed down saw the military vehicles appearing for a moment before disappearing again at full speed they immediately panicked and went back into hiding thinking that the war had now spread from the northern area to the west as well.

Although the news that the war was over was slowly beginning to spread after the survivors living in the northern area of the base saw the army returning, it was still some time before the news reached the rest of the base. After all, most survivors could only walk to get around and only those with good salaries were able to perhaps have a bicycle for transportation.

It would still take more time before the news spread far and wide and since neither Bai Zemin nor anyone else really tried to publicize the defeat of the local camp, even the survivors had little idea of what was going on or what had already happened.

"Big brother, you really are brilliant." Sitting in the back of a modified jeep, Bai Wei sighed in admiration. "You even prepared enough supplies for 2000 people to survive for 2 whole months, let alone a few dozen like us."

"Even though this battle was my defeat that doesn't mean the war is completely lost." Bai Yong said calmly. "We don't have to worry about having no fire as long as we have some firewood. Losers and winners, they are nothing but words as in a second the victor and the defeated could change their positions. From a young age, father raised me to prepare for the worst case scenario and it was only because of this that I made it to where I am now."

Bai Wei nodded silently as her eyes flashed with bloodlust. She was a soul evolver whose level hovered around 20 and her strength could not be underestimated. She vowed to herself to become more powerful to get her revenge; she never wanted to be forced to abandon what she believed belonged to her in her own right again.

As the vehicles sped forward without worrying about whether they would hurt anyone or not, an eerie silence reigned in the area and for some reason, Bai Yong suddenly began to feel uneasy.

Hypothetically and theoretically speaking, Bai Zemin should be having a headache reorganizing the troops right now so it should be temporarily impossible for him to worry too much about other things, unless he were willing to cause mass genocide without worrying about those who decided to surrender to him. However, even if it pained him to admit it, Bai Yong had no choice but to accept that Bai Zemin was a talented and intelligent young man; this was proven by how he not only knew how to seize every opportunity that came his way from the moment the world changed but also how he managed to establish his own firm ground in the middle of this raging ocean.

If Bai Zemin really did kill each and every one of the soldiers and soul evolvers of the Baiquan Camp, then it would be no different from marking his own end. After all, the Baiquan Camp had a total of around 20,000 survivors! This was a lot and certainly not a number that could be handled by just a few hundred people.

Moreover, the extension of the Baiquan Camp was at least three times the extension of the village in which Bai Zemin's base was located. Therefore, he needed a lot of manpower if he wanted to cover all possible areas and keep watch over the area at all times.

'However, why do I suddenly feel that something is not right?' Bai Yong began to grow impatient and after a moment he ordered in a serious voice: 'Quicken the pace. When we get to the west gate don't bother waiting for the gates to open and just have an advance truck break it down."

"R- Roger!" The driver nodded and immediately passed the order over the military radio.

The speed of the caravan of vehicles immediately shot up to new heights and a truck advancing in the rear made its way to the front of the group. This truck had been modified in such a way that it not only possessed defenses sturdy enough to withstand the impact of ammunition used by Type 78 machine guns. In addition, at the front was an object similar to a giant shovel of the kind that machines in charge of scattering pebbles or sand carried.

"Big brother, is something wrong?" Bai Wei asked as she felt her heart squeezing tightly.

"For some reason, I don't feel calm." Bai Yong replied so that only his younger sister could hear his words. "Although in theory Bai Zemin shouldn't have time to think about the army commanders, I think I'm overlooking something... but I can't figure out what it is."

It had to be said that Bai Yong was really smart and his instinct top-notch. If he had not let his reasoning be clouded by the mentality of the past when the world had already proven that it had ceased to be what it once was, it was highly likely that he would have decided to join Bai Zemin's faction after a little more investigation and thus, at this moment, he would be enjoying great benefits.

After all, if Bai Zemin could make Bai Yong surrender to him then everything would be easier for him. This was because controlling an enemy camp without the support of an enemy commander was extremely laborious; therefore, the difficulty of actually controlling the Baiquan Camp would be much, much more difficult than when Bai Zemin got his hands on the North Camp because at that time he was supported by Liu Yan, who was one of the two leaders of the North Camp at that moment.

Unfortunately, there was no medicine for regret. Now that the war had broken out and culminated not long after, it was impossible for Bai Zemin to allow Bai Yong to join him. Precisely because he knew this, Bai Yong seized the opportunity to flee as soon as he saw how the small army of enemy soul evolvers managed to crush the combined forces of the Baiquan Camp.

Bai Yong frowned tightly as he scrambled his brain trying to think of where the great uneasiness he felt was coming from. However, no matter how much he racked his brain in thought, he could not get any answer.

Never in his wildest dreams could Bai Yong have expected or imagined that the reason behind his uneasiness was based on the fact that one of his trusted soul evolvers who had worked for him not so long ago had actually sold him out to the enemy for some extra benefits!

Just then, the military radio switched on and a somewhat strange sounding voice rang out from inside the vehicle in which Bai Yong was traveling: Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"Mr. Mayor, there's a small girl dressed in leather armor and with a giant sword blocking the road ahead.... What shall we do?"

Bai Yong's expression changed when he heard these words as the image of a small girl riding a giant black cat at the beginning of the war flashed in his mind. He leaned over and snatched the radio before shouting loudly, "Don't slow down! Continue the forward march even if the world ends! Do whatever it takes to force that brat out of the way or shoot her dead!"

Not even a second later, the soul evolvers traveling in different vehicles thrust their firearms out of the small openings left by the defensive shells and began to fire a hail of golden bullets at the girl who was 200 meters away; a distance that was quickly being closed!

Luo Ning was standing on the road, the only road along which large vehicles could advance together and the fastest way to reach the west gate.

She didn't even have time to say a single word when a yellow barrier lit up around her body and bullets began to bounce off. However, the barrier was clearly not in optimal condition as cracks quickly began to appear.

Since Bai Zemin's Broken Bronze Bell had already lost all of its daily energy earlier and Shangguan Bing Xue's had withstood a large number of bullet hits during Luo Ning's escape, naturally the energy of the latter's Broken Bronze Bell was somewhat worn out.

However, it was still enough to keep Luo Ning safe for a few seconds without a problem.

"Argh! Don't you people know how to talk and only know how to attack people?!" Luo Ning shouted angrily before pointing forward with her little finger and ordering, "Blackie number 1 and 2, attack!"

The main advance truck and the one in charge of leading the way was only 100 meters away from Luo Ning. If the little girl's small body took the blow from this mechanical beast that was practically completely surrounded by materials of a First Order beast it would be a miracle if her body had any healthy bones left.

Without the driver noticing, two creatures whose size was capable of scaring any human appeared silently from the natural shadow of the modified truck and were easily able to advance at the speed of the vehicle.

Those traveling behind the advanced truck naturally saw the beasts come seemingly out of nowhere. However, they did not even have time to warn of the danger when the two black panther-like creatures made their move at the same time.

With wonderful timing, the two Luo Ning's summons raised one of their paws and slashed the giant wheel of the vehicle in a swift motion.

Bai Yong had not thought as far ahead as Shangguan Bing Xue, so the wheels of the vehicles they used were still normal. The ones on this specific modified truck were especially tough because they were the wheels of an agro-tractor. However, in the face of the claws of the summoners from a First Order scroll, they were not worthy of mention.

Bang! Bang!

There was no surprise on Luo Ning's face when two explosions completely broke the silence in the area.

The two shadow cats were sent flying as the shockwave released by the pressure of the air contained within the tires was abruptly expelled, disappearing into the shadows of a building once again; the power of shadow cats lay in ambush so by nature they were more comfortable hidden than in the light.

The driver of the advance truck had an immediate change of expression when he lost control of the vehicle. The man's eyes went wide and he hurriedly tried to turn the steering wheel in the opposite direction to the direction the weight was leaning in a desperate attempt to avoid hitting the buildings on the side of the road, however, his movement only made things even worse.

The vehicle leaned to one side first and when the driver turned the steering wheel abruptly all the weight shifted immediately, which resulted in the wheels not being able to stay firmly on the ground. Surprisingly, despite the weight of the modified truck, the wheels separated from the ground and the truck spun through the air heading straight towards Luo Ning.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all who give gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3