Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Luo Ning watched as the giant truck flew through the air as it came flying towards her swiftly. If it was in the past, she would have definitely frozen in place due to fear, however, the current Luo Ning was a soul evolver very close to the First Order, only lacking one more level to receive her breakthrough quest.

She had seen death before her eyes many times, Luo Ning had witnessed with her own eyes how many people died before her. Therefore, death somehow no longer felt fearful and became more routine. The change in the world with the interruption of the Soul Record in everyone's quiet life had caused even a young girl as young as nine years old to experience such a great change.

While Luo Ning could have dodged without much trouble by activating Lightning Movement, she snorted and with an amused glint in her large eyes, she extended her small hand forward.

"Ice Barrier!"

The girl's high-pitched voice was soon suppressed by the steady firepower that even now had not stopped.

Swoosh!

The frost power gathered right in front of Luo Ning and from her feet, a platinum-colored magic circle lit up for an instant before a thick wall of ice three meters high and two meters wide rose up in a second.

Boom!

The giant truck flying out of control slammed hard into the wall of ice that was firmly protecting Luo Ning behind it and a thunderous explosion resounded all around.

The wall of ice shuddered along with the cracked ground while the truck suffered no apparent damage even after falling to the ground having collided with the defensive barrier.

"Phew..." Luo Ning patted her chest as she saw that the barrier was only slightly cracked but showed no signs of breaking at all.

The caravan consisting of about ten vehicles, mostly loaded with supplies, was forced to stop abruptly after the turn of events. None of them expected that in a matter of seconds what appeared to be a simple drive would turn into an agony!

The soul evolvers got out of the vehicles and gave up their ranged weapons. Some of them drew swords from their waists and began to slowly circle the truck as they looked at Luo Ning cautiously.

"Be careful, this girl can not only summon those cats that disappear and appear from the shadows but she also seems to be able to control ice!" a level 23 female soul evolver warned loudly.

Inside the vehicle, Bai Yong's expression was dark as he watched the events unfolding. Even Bai Wei, who was a powerful soul evolver, did not dare to come out to confront Luo Ning even though she was just a little girl.

What a joke! That harmless-looking little girl could actually raise a defensive barrier capable of withstanding the impact and weight of a truck modified with materials from a First Order creature so there was no way normal attacks would work against her!

Finding herself surrounded by soul evolvers in possession of melee weapons, Luo Ning couldn't help but become nervous.

This was the first time the girl had faced humans attacking her with melee weapons. In the past, although there were confrontations where some people tried to kill her using firearms, she always managed to escape from danger thanks to various treasures and her defensive equipment. However, against melee weapons probably only her Rank 1 armor could save her, but even then, her head was not protected.

Luo Ning saw and identified some of the swords in the hands of these soul evolvers. There were Xuanyuan Sword, Crocodile Tooth Sword, Heavy Saber, and also some spears that Luo Ning didn't know if they were treasures or equipment made by some blacksmith. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Swoosh!

A soul evolver of level 25 and about to break the First Order finally couldn't take it anymore. Driven by the shame of being held together with his companions by a girl young enough to be his daughter's daughter, this middle-aged soul evolver charged forward and slashed down fiercely with his Crocodile Tooth Sword.

Luo Ning could see from the man's eyes the murderous intent so she knew that if she wasn't careful enough she might actually die!

Not wanting to exhaust the remaining energy of the Broken Bronze Bell on weapons she could block on her own and preferring to save the power of the defensive treasure to protect against attacks she couldn't naturally react to like bullets, Luo Ning raised her own Crocodile Tooth Sword and with a cute battle cry tenaciously slashed upwards!

Clang!

The clanging metallic sound echoed as the giant blades of the two Rare-grade swords met in the middle of both warriors.

"Uh?" Luo Ning blinked in surprise as she realized that the adult male's slash before her wasn't as powerful as she thought it would be.

This was the first time Luo Ning had faced a soul evolver in a battle to the death so even though she had trained close combat alongside the other soul evolvers at the base in the past, it could be said that she was inexperienced in gauging her enemy's strength properly. After all, allies always had restrictions on each other since they did not want to hurt other allies.

Moreover, the soul evolvers of the Transcendent faction were more powerful than the soul evolvers of the Baiquan Camp due to the difference in purity of Soul Power. So, Luo Ning was another one who was used to fighting 'elites' and not 'normals'.

The veins on the male soul evolver's forehead swelled and his face began to turn red at the same time as his hands began to tremble along with his sword.

Seeing the sudden stalemate between the clearly muscular body of the adult male against the tiny body of a girl who was not even ten years old, the soul evolvers working for Bai Yong could not believe it.

At first, they had not wanted to attack together since as soul evolvers they all had a modicum of pride present. Unfortunately, it seemed that they would have to drop that pride soon.

"Long Chen, you bastard! What the hell are you doing?! You think we have time to play around here?! Finish the brat off once and for all!" Roared the team leader, a level 29 soul evolver.

This soul evolver was the only First Order existence remaining of Bai Yong and the reason why he decided to stay behind was because like most of those present they had received Bai Yong's support when in the past they were nothing more than survivors of the lowest caste, people who starved to death on the roadside in one of the lowest areas of the camp and only fortunately managed to meet with one of the highest authorities of the establishment.

"Damn!" The man named Long Chen shouted and roared as he used the weight of his body to try to force the girl back.

Luo Ning finally became very annoyed and with the expression of an enraged little tigress shouted her own battle cry as she used all her Strength to slash forward with her sword!

Bang!

The stalemate that had lasted for a couple of seconds was finally broken and under everyone's astonished eyes, the level 25 soul evolver named Long Chen was forced back a dozen steps, barely avoiding falling to the ground on his butt. Moreover, Long Chen's hand with which he was holding on to his sword was shaking fiercely as if he was suffering from some kind of disease.

"Uncle, I'm warning you. I'm really strong!" Luo Ning pointed her sword forward and shouted loudly, "If you surrender now and hand over the person named Bai Yong to me so I can hand him over to my big brother Bai then all of you will be able to work for him in the future! You will even be able to have beautiful houses and eat delicious food!"

At the end of the day, no matter how powerful Luo Ning had become or how much evil she had seen, it was still difficult for someone her age to comprehend how evil human beings could become. Her pure mind was not able to assimilate what the race known as humanity could do when faced with a situation they did not like.

Luo Ning hoped that her words would be enough to make the enemy surrender. She had not only offered her hand in peace but had also given them a way out that in her opinion was very easy and simple, however, in the eyes of these soul evolvers what Luo Ning had done was no different than mocking and humiliating them.

Delicious food? Beautiful houses? All this was something they could obtain with their own hands. When did they need a brat to tell them what they had to do to survive?

"Damn it, let's all attack together!" The level 29 soul evolver finally realized that this girl before them was not as simple as it seemed even though her Soul Power was clearly lower than his so he decided to attack immediately after receiving a certain command from the intercom.

The 14 soul evolvers, including the one who had been forced to retreat in the face of Luo Ning's superior Strength, followed the First Order soul evolver and with roars charged over with fierce expressions to attack the girl.

Luo Ning's expression changed and a flash of panic shone in her eyes. She hurriedly took several steps back and shouted in a trembling voice, "S- Stop, now!"

However, she was not heard. Seeing the terrifying expressions on the faces of the people in front of her, Luo Ning unconsciously sent a thought to the rune that represented the skill First Order Summon Shadow Cat.

Swoosh! Swoosh!

The two shadow cats leaped out from around a corner and like ghosts rushed at the group of 15 soul evolvers as they let out terrifying roars.

"Scram!"

The First Order soul evolver wielded a green long spear and after roaring towards the skies stabbed forward several times while activating the skill Air Bullet.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!....

Fist-sized spheres of air were formed at the tip of the spear and flew towards the shadow cats creating explosions wherever they passed.

The shadow cats moved nimbly and managed to avoid several air bullets. The power of the skill proved to be powerful enough to create holes of about 20 centimeters in the earthen floor. Although the shadow cats were fast and agile, at the end of the day, they were facing a First Order soul evolver that had killed many enemies among which there were a few initial First Order.

Therefore, after a bit of fighting, several air bullets hit the body of both shadow cats and the two summons writhed. Although they were not immediately destroyed, they were sent flying more than three meters before hitting the ground hard.

The two shadow cats tried to stand up but apparently, the summons had suffered some damage as it took them some work to get up. Since the distance between Luo Ning and the enemy First Order soul evolver was no more than ten meters, it was absolutely impossible for the two creatures to return in time to protect Luo Ning.

Luo Ning pointed forward and cried out in fright, "G -Go!"

A third shadow cat emerged from the shadow of her and rushed at the soul evolver with its mouth open baring sharp fangs.

The First Order soul evolver's face went white as he felt the beast's fangs about to touch his neck. He did not expect a third one!

Swoosh!

Just when it seemed all was lost for him, an earthen spike rose from the ground and struck the beast directly in the abdomen.

Bang!

The third shadow cat exploded into a pile of dark lines that disappeared like black smoke.

Losing a summoning in an overwhelming manner, Luo Ning had no choice but to take the counter slash and with a pale face clutched at her chest as a look of pain flashed across her face.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all who give gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3