Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Overwhelming silence reigned immediately after Shangguan Bing Xue froze to death everyone inside the vehicle in which the former mayor of Baiquan Subdistrict and one of the two leaders of Baiquan Camp was traveling.

The breeze blowing from the nearby woods contained a slight hint of coldness that was hard to tell if it came from the cool wind, if it came from the ice particles floating in the freezing air, or if it came from the slight murderous intent that surrounded the world as a whole.

"You- Why did you kill him?" Shen Mei asked in a state of shock as she looked at Bai Yong with wide eyes.

Bai Yong's expression showed no fear in the face of death, in fact, his expression showed that his only emotion in the face of death was surprise and disbelief. It was clear that he never expected that the silver-haired woman who had blocked his path and thwarted his escape would kill him without further ado and regardless of his surrender. From a certain point of view, everything happened so fast that Bai Yong did not even have time to feel pain before his heart stopped and his blood froze inside his veins.

On the other hand, Bai Wei's expression showed terror. Her eyes were wide open as she stared in the direction of the window where Shangguan Bing Xue was standing outside. It was just that this terror eternally embodied in her expression was not born out of the fear of death but rather a fear that had already been creeping in with this whole unfavorable situation for her, as well as the fear of seeing such a powerful enemy blocking the path of escape.

Shangguan Bing Xue looked at Shen Mei indifferently and did not answer the question she asked. Instead, she did not give a second glance at the corpses inside the vehicle and with a wave of her hand accompanied by a soft whisper, several ice spikes were fashioned and then flew towards the various vehicles and their drivers.

The drivers of these vehicles were just normal humans working for Bai Yong so there was no hope for them to avoid the attack of such a powerful and talented soul evolver as Shangguan Bing Xue, consequently, their fates were sealed from the instant she targeted them.

Shangguan Bing Xue's expression was as cold as the ice she created using her Mana and Magic. She was not perturbed at all at the massacre she was carrying out.

From the point of view of many, what she was doing might be evil or even cruel. After all, what Shangguan Bing Xue had just done was to kill the drivers who to some people had nothing to do with the acts committed by Bai Yong. However, from Shangguan Bing Xue's point of view, the accomplices were just as guilty as the ones who carried out the acts and all excuses were useless in her eyes.

As for why Shangguan Bing Xue was so angry as to carry out such acts?

She silently walked to the different trucks and opened the container boxes one by one.

Although she found a large number of supplies inside these trucks such as large bags of rice, frozen meat, pure bottled water, milk cartons, cigarette packs, bandages, assorted medicines, Soul Record treasures, a few forged swords and armor whose ranks still needed to be studied as well as some strange plants; none of this was what Shangguan Bing Xue was looking for so although she felt slightly happy at the discovery she did not stop and continued on.

It was in the ninth cargo truck that she found what she was looking for.

The doors that kept the box sealed had been reinforced with bones of some unknown creature, and when they opened what entered Shangguan Bing Xue's range of vision was initially darkness. When the rays of sunlight did their job of illuminating the interior completely as the doors were pushed sideways, Shangguan Bing Xue's blue eyes flashed with a hint of pity but even more so with murderous intent.

There, inside the container, were two girls of about 14 years old dressed in clothes that should definitely not be worn by girls of such an age as this style of clothing was usually worn by belly dancers in ancient times.

The two girls were practically identical and had it not been for the sharp eyes of an evolver soul even Shangguan Bing Xue would not have noticed the slight differences between each girl despite considering herself a details observant woman. Both had ink-black hair that reached halfway down their backs and the scanty cloth that barely covered their bodies showed that they were slowly beginning to grow properly; however, what attracted Shangguan Bing Xue's attention the most was the incredibly high fear in the girls' eyes as they looked outward.

The fear in those girls' eyes was such that even Shangguan Bing Xue was shocked and for a moment even thought that perhaps there was a terrifying monster behind her. However, as she recalled the cruel things these girls probably suffered in their lives during these short two months, the shock she felt disappeared, and her usually cold and indifferent heart was filled with pain and regret. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

On the way here, Shangguan Bing Xue heard from Shen Mei that these two twin girls had been saved by Bai Yong at some point after the apocalypse broke out; as for the exact timing, Shen Mei had no idea since when she arrived at Baiquan Camp these two girls were already together with Bai Yong.

The problem was that inadvertently and perhaps without realizing it, Shen Mei told Shangguan Bing Xue that these two pretty twins were actually not together with Bai Yong just because they wanted to be and that it could not really be said that they were saved by Bai Yong in an act of kindness.

"You two should be Wen Yun and Wen Yan?" Shangguan Bing Xue asked in a tone so soft that it could melt the bones of any man who heard her heavenly voice at that moment.

Maybe it was her beauty that was able to lower their defenses and attract good intentions, maybe it was the softness with which she spoke that contained the power to please anyone, maybe it was because the girls did not sense malicious intent coming from her, or maybe it was for some other reason; but after hearing Shangguan Bing Xue's question and looking at her silently for more than ten seconds, the fear in the eyes of the two girls receded a little.

"I-I... I-I am Wen Yun." Said the girl on the left side in a soft and careful voice as if she was afraid of offending someone. She, unlike her sister, had a small beauty mark under her left eye almost invisible to the naked eye.

The other girl said nothing and simply clenched her sister Wen Yun's hand tightly as she looked at Shangguan Bing Xue cautiously.

"I see..." Shangguan Bing Xue nodded softly and found herself in a complicated situation as she did not know what to say or do next.

To begin with, Shangguan Bing Xue was never too good with words and even less so in this kind of situation as due to the fact that in the past she kept her distance from everyone, and even in the present she kept her distance from the vast majority of people, it became difficult for her to "read the atmosphere".

The two girls in front of her had suffered abuse that no child should ever experience. They should be attending their first years of high school, enjoying life; but not only was everything destroyed with the arrival of the Soul Record, but even after losing their parents Wen Yun and Wen Yan lived a life worse than hell at the hands of Bai Yong.

It was precisely because Shangguan Bing Xue learned of the heinous acts committed by the seemingly intelligent and steadfast Bai Yong that she did not even give him time to finish his words or the chance to surrender. How could she let such scum of life continue to pollute the air she breathed? Therefore, she did not even hesitate to freeze him into an eternal ice statue.

In fact, if it were possible Shangguan Bing Xue would have liked to kill Bai Yong several hundred of times. Unfortunately, due to the current situation, she did not even have time to make him slowly pay back for all the suffering he made these two girls go through.

Just when Shangguan Bing Xue and the two girls were looking at each other silently, one carefully thinking of what to say and the other two with their vigilance up, Shen Mei appeared after leaving Luo Ning resting on the ground and looked at the two girls with complicated eyes.

However, what happened next caused things to get completely out of hand.

When the two girls saw Shen Mei it was as if they saw the devil's servant in person. Terror once again appeared in their eyes and as they held hands tightly tears immediately began to appear.

"Wen Yun, Wen Yan, it's all good now. We-"

Shen Mei wanted to say something but she didn't even have time as she suddenly saw Shangguan Bing Xue turn her body nimbly and strike with her left leg straight towards her head!

Shen Mei's expression abruptly changed and her face turned slightly pale as she realized that the Agility of the opponent was so high that even she could not compare at all! Unconsciously and thanks to her experience, Shen Mei hurriedly raised her right arm to head height in an attempt to block the unexpected attack.

But Shen Mei underestimated Shangguan Bing Xue too much.

Boom!

Shangguan Bing Xue's leg was covered by her treasure boots that reached just below her knees and when her kick connected with Shen Mei's wrist guard the explosion caused the air to boom and the ground to crack.

Shen Mei felt as if she had been hit by a giant wild beast instead of a human kick. Her head momentarily went blank and her vision dimmed as her body flew backwards like a kite whose string had been cut.

Boom!

Her body slammed hard into one of the container trucks causing the giant vehicle to nearly tip over; something that would have happened had it not been for the large amount of weight that the modification had added to the natural weight of the truck plus the contents it was carrying inside.

Shen Mei coughed up blood several times and her arm with which she had tried to block Shangguan Bing Xue's kick was fractured in no less than three pieces. If not for her high level as well as the purity of her Soul Power, that kick alone would have killed her instead of injuring her to such an extent and leaving her brain in a daze.

"Big Sister Mei!"

Luo Li, who was hiding in the shadows, cried out in panic. Then, with bloodshot eyes, she pulled out a long sword from her waist and slashed towards Shangguan Bing Xue with the intention of slaughtering her!

Shangguan Bing Xue's eyes flashed coldly and with a move that Luo Li could not see at all, she unsheathed her sword and slashed with all her Strength in a downward upward motion.

Bang!

Luo Li had barely surpassed level 25 so even Luo Ning could beat her if she did well, let alone Shangguan Bing Xue who had already reached level 46 and could take on enemies above her level easily.

When the two swords clashed, Luo Li's sword broke into countless pieces and the resulting force was enough to break the bones of both her arms into several parts. Her body was sent flying tens of meters before crashing into a house and collapsing part of the wall that received the impact.

She never got back on her feet. It was unknown whether she was alive or dead.

As the two pretty girls looked on stunned at the scene, Shangguan Bing Xue walked towards Shen Mei and pointed her hand towards her.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all who give gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3