Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

After about ten whole minutes, the two twins Wen Yan and Wen Yun finally stopped crying.

Seeing how the two girls cried disconsolately for so long without their tears stopping as if their tear glands had an infinite amount, Shangguan Bing Xue could not help but sigh in her heart.

Crying for ten whole minutes and even longer was something that probably many people had experienced in their lives. However, the way Wen Yan and Wen Yun cried those ten minutes was really agonizing to the point that the two girls choked countless times.

To see innocent children who were robbed of the peace and happiness they should rightfully and naturally enjoy crying like that was not exactly pleasant or enjoyable to witness.

During those ten minutes, Shangguan Bing Xue saw some armored vehicles moving from the north gate of the camp to the west. The faster ones even drove past them and some soldiers and soul evolvers came down to help with the situation.

"So Yijun got charge of these people." Shangguan Bing Xue whispered to herself after hearing a soldier's report. A faint proud smile appeared on her face for an instant before immediately disappearing, causing everyone to think it was nothing more than an illusion.

In about half an hour, Wu Yijun had managed to gain some trust and obedience from the soldiers and different troops of the base. Even if she had to use her family's identity for this, belonging to the Wu family was also in a way a privilege that was there to be used in times of need.

It was just that Shangguan Bing Xue did not understand the reason why a proud person like her childhood friend would use her family's power when in reality she rarely did such a thing.

Approximately one or two minutes later, the troops set off again and began to position themselves in the critical areas for the defense of Baiquan Camp on the west gate. Only about a dozen armed men remained behind and under the command of Shangguan Bing Xue, they began to move the rubble of the houses destroyed by the previous battle and to help the survivors who had been buried alive.

Although there were some injured, there was nothing too serious, and after hearing that they would even receive food compensation, these survivors even wished they could be reburied alive a second time to get a little more.

At that moment, Wen Yun and Wen Yan jumped down from the truck they were in and looked around nervously. The two girls were still frightened of the people and even more so to see such a large crowd gathered.

The survivors had begun to leave their homes and slowly the news of the defeat of the Baiquan Camp army began to spread through the western area of the establishment.

These normal survivors were not particularly concerned about who lost or who won the war. From their point of view, it did not matter who the ruler was since they did not have the power to do or change anything. Therefore, all they really cared about was what kind of treatments they would receive now that the government was about to change of hands.

After all, regardless of the time or situation, governmental transitions always brought change. The survivors of the Baiquan Camp could only hope that these changes would be for the better.

At the very least, and given that the other side managed to defeat the camp's armed troops, their strength should naturally be quite superior. Then, the safety of the survivors should increase quite a bit when the two armies joined together; this aspect alone served to leave many satisfied and relieved.

The twins saw Shangguan Bing Xue standing away from the rest of the people and quickly walked towards her as at this moment they could only rely on this beautiful elder sister who had rescued them from the clutches of that demon in human skin named Bai Yong and who had promised to protect them from today onwards.

Shangguan Bing Xue immediately sensed the girls, so, instead of waiting for them to arrive at her place, she took the initiative to approach as well.

"E- Elder sister... We..." Wen Yun didn't quite know what to say, therefore she looked at Shangguan Bing Xue with evasive eyes.

Wen Yan seemed to be quieter, the type of girl who let herself go. Shangguan Bing Xue noticed this from the start as she had not uttered a word so far and simply let her twin speak for her.

Shangguan Bing Xue was about to say something when suddenly her face changed and she looked in a different direction.

"Elder sister?" This time it was Wen Yan who spoke, her voice as soft as her sister's but clearly shyer.

Seeing the serious expression on the face of the beautiful elder sister who had rescued them, the expression of fear threatened to return to the two girls' faces. Both were still mentally fragile and from a certain point, it was difficult for them to believe that everything would be all right. Therefore, any slightest change could alter the mood of both of them for the worse.

"You, come here." Shangguan Bing Xue pointed to a Blood Spear Legion soul evolver whose level was 23.

The man hurriedly approached, which caused Wen Yun and Wen Yan to step back several notches as they hugged each other.

"Legion Sub-Leader, do you need anything?" the soul evolver asked in a respectful voice. He did not dare to look directly at the woman in front of him for fear of losing himself in her beauty and for fear of being frozen to death.

There was a false rumor that had spread within the faction that if you stare at the Ice Princess then your soul would be frozen forever. Then, there was a second rumor that your heart would be taken away by her then you could never look at another woman again.

This second rumor was quite popular among the soldiers who had seen Shangguan Bing Xue's beauty since many of them had fallen madly in love with her charm so they could no longer look at other women. Therefore, the men had a certain fear of falling head over heels for a woman who regardless of her strength would never look at them due to her natural indifference; especially so to men.

Shangguan Bing Xue did not care what this man was thinking. She simply ordered while pointing at Wen Yun and Wen Yan: "Take care of these girls with the rest of them and wait for orders. Make sure nothing bad happens to them or otherwise you will suffer the consequences."

The soul evolver looked at the two girls strangely for a moment before looking at Shangguan Bing Xue and nodding, "U- Understood!"

He, a soul evolver on the verge of evolving to First Order, was downgraded to a babysitter.... The man did not know whether he should laugh or whether he should cry over this.

However, when Wen Yan and Wen Yun heard Shangguan Bing Xue's words, both of their faces turned pale and they immediately cried out in panic, ""No!""

"No?" Shangguan Bing Xue looked at them for a moment uncomprehendingly.

The male soul evolver was also dumbfounded as he did not know the history of both girls, therefore he was wondering if he had ever offended them or something.

However, Shangguan Bing Xue soon understood what was going on.

Indeed.

"Beautiful elder sister, let us go with you please!" Wen Yun pleaded urgently as she looked at Shangguan Bing Xue with teary eyes.

Wen Yan held onto her twin sister's right arm and looked at the evolver soul cautiously. In fact, she was looking at everyone cautiously and it seemed that she could only place her trust in the beautiful silver-haired elder sister who had actually rescued them earlier. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Shangguan Bing Xue frowned slightly as she realized that a huge headache might be approaching her. It was only natural that with the twins' past experiences, they would not trust anyone and would become attached to her. This distrust was naturally especially higher towards the opposite gender.... From a certain point of view, Wen Yan and Wen Yun were similar to Shangguan Bing Xue herself.

She looked at Shen Mei, who was resting next to the woman named Luo Li still unconscious. However, the idea of leaving the twins with Shen Mei was soon dismissed by Shangguan Bing Xue. Wen Yan and Wen Yun clearly did not trust and feared Shen Mei regardless of whether she had ever done anything to them or not. Both girls would definitely not want to stay with her and if they were forced to obey they might return to their previous state and even completely lose the trust Shangguan Bing Xue had built up.

In the end, Shangguan Bing Xue gritted her teeth and before the two twins could react she clung onto them by the waist.

""Ah!""

The two girls shrieked in surprise and were a little frightened at first, but Shangguan Bing Xue's next words calmed them down:

"Wen Yan, Wen Yun, I need you to be good and stay quiet. Otherwise, I will have no choice but to leave you here with other people as I have something important to do now."

The soft voice in conjunction with the little "threat" worked wonders as the two twin girls immediately became obedient like little puppies and snuggled into Shangguan Bing Xue's embrace without giving trouble.

Shangguan Bing Xue called out a couple of commands and after giving Shen Mei a meaningful glance, she jumped up vigorously, at the same time raising a thin semi-circular ice barrier around her to protect the two girls from the wind pressure since they were both just normal humans.

Rising several meters in the blink of an eye, Shangguan Bing Xue ignored the twins' screams and jumped from rooftop to rooftop as she charged swiftly southward.

The distance between the north gate and the south gate of the Baiquan Camp was approximately 70 kilometers long, so with Shangguan Bing Xue's Agility, it wouldn't take her more than a few moments to get there.

The closer she got, the louder the sound of explosions became, so she finally confirmed that a battle was raging there.

'What happened?' Shangguan Bing Xue was dumbfounded.

Considering that Bai Zemin had headed to the base earlier and so far there was no sign of him, her first thought was that he was fighting against someone but she immediately dismissed that thought as in Shangguan Bing Xue's eyes it was impossible that anyone or anything could contend against someone at Bai Zemin's power level for so long unless a Second Order creature appeared, which she believed was not very likely.

"Bing Xue!"

A worried and surprised voice sounded from behind her, and when Shangguan Bing Xue looked over her shoulder she got surprised.

"Yijun?" she muttered under her breath and slowed down to let Wu Yijun catch up.

"You felt the explosions from the north gate too?" she asked once Wu Yijun stood next to her.

The two continued to move forward in a southerly direction but Wu Yijun did not answer her friend's question. Instead, she said in anxious voice words that shocked and worried the ice princess a lot.

* * *

Several minutes earlier, while Wu Yijun gained control over the armed and evolved army of the defeated Baiquan Camp and while Shangguan Bing Xue stopped Bai Yong's escape and saved the two twins.

Bai Zemin's speed could only be described as monstrous at this point in the apocalypse. If it wasn't for the constant evolution of the world, at this point and with almost 1100 points of Agility thanks to his treasures, Bai Zemin would have already managed to break the sound barrier long ago. In fact, he could feel an invisible barrier to the naked eye very close and he was very near to being able to tear it to pieces; all that was missing was a small momentum that Bai Zemin did not know if he would reach with the activation of Lightning Movement.

For him, the travel of about 90-100 kilometers between the ruined city where the war between the two factions took place and the central part of Baiquan Camp took no more than around 15 seconds even without running at full speed for fear of losing too much Stamina.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all who give gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3