Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

When Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue crossed the space rift, both of them immediately raised their senses to the maximum possible and put up their guard like never before. It was impossible to describe the pressure they were both feeling at that moment as something like space or interplanetary travel was something that was too far away from mankind, let alone being achieved by people like them who were just college students about 60 days ago.

The scene before them was completely different from the one they saw while they were still on Earth. It was truly a scene worthy of the words "otherworldly".

The sky on Earth was worthy of being called heaven, but the sky of this world was probably better suited to the word hell because of its unique characteristics.

The blanket surrounding the world was deep red in color and there were clouds that instead of water seemed to contain magma within them as the steam they released was clearly at temperatures high enough to turn an airplane shell into a pile of scrap metal in a matter of seconds.

There was no sun visible to the naked eye but there was a strange orange-colored thing glowing and releasing light. It was just that Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue did not know if they should call that orange object "sun" because it was clearly not something natural as they both could feel a large quantity of mana in the core of that unknown object.

The rift seemed to be located deep inside some sort of artificial forest as despite its gloomy appearance it was clearly being properly cared for by the hands of an intelligent being; the grass was brownish nearly black in color, the trees were dry and leafless, the flowers seemed to be extremely dangerous beings as instead of leaves they had sharp teeth.

"... We are in another world, really?" Shangguan Bing Xue whispered in disbelief as she looked at her surroundings and clutched her sword tightly.

It was hard for her to believe what was happening before her eyes. Even though she knew that once she crossed that crack she would reach another world, understanding something and accepting it were two completely different things.

Bai Zemin understood perfectly how she felt. After all, it was not easy to change one's mentality and mental limits; limits which had been there all their lives and which had somehow shaped who they were today.

"If this view doesn't convince you, then I don't know what else would." He said as he looked back and made sure the crack was still there.

He extended one arm just to be safe and as he felt the temperature change he retracted his arm again as effectively he realized that part of his body had traveled to Earth.

"I really can't get used to it." Bai Zemin smiled bitterly and shook his head.

This world was who knows how many light years away from planet Earth, and yet, only by extending his arm into the crack behind him, could he make a part of his body travel in spacetime to reach another world.

"We better stop thinking about these things or we might end up going crazy." Shangguan Bing Xue proposed before pointing out, "The gravity here is at least two to three times higher compared to Earth. Just standing there is more challenging than by nature it should be."

"Indeed. I can feel how my movement speed would plummet if I tried to run at full speed." Bai Zemin nodded earnestly. "I think it will be better for us to get a little used to the gravity of this world before we go looking for trouble.... Besides, the temperature here is really high."

Shangguan Bing Xue frowned and her pretty face slowly started to turn slightly red as she complained, "I was only here for a minute at most but I already hate this place. It really is a world I would never like to visit again!"

Bai Zemin smiled bitterly and was about to retort but just then both he and Shangguan Bing Xue received a series of bright green-lit messages flashing across their retinas.

--------------------------------------

[You have arrived at an Abandoned World.]

[You have discovered Oblon World.]

[You have received a special mission with no time limit. You have received the mission 'Destroyers of Destroyers'.]

[Destroyer of Destroyers: A world is abandoned when the existences that inhabit it commit the greatest taboo of all times massively. When the inhabitants of a world leave the path of natural evolution in search of immediate benefits and damage the cosmos as a whole in the process, the Soul Record abandons that world.]

[Worlds that are abandoned by the Soul Record can no longer evolve and the inhabitants of such a world will no longer be able to evolve no matter how many enemies they defeat since the Soul Power will never reach the heretics. Since the Soul Record does not consider such beings more than a plague, the Soul Power of these beings will always be absorbed in its entirety so that no trace of their existence remains.]

[Mission objective: Kill enemies of the destroyer race and get rewards according to the level of achievement reached. Annihilation of a destroyer race will be rewarded with a Demi-God grade Treasure. The mission will end once the Soul Record considers that the Destroyer of Destroyers decided to leave the Abandoned World.]

[You have received the title Destroyer of Destroyers.]

[Destroyer of Destroyers: Fighting on Abandoned Worlds increases your battle power by 20%.]

--------------------------------------

Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue's expressions were quite amused at this moment. They both froze in their tracks as their eyes darted back and forth, reading the same messages over and over again as if to confirm that they hadn't gone crazy.

Too much information to process in too little time. Ironically, time was what they didn't have to waste.

"In short, the more of these invaders we kill the better it will be for us.... Something like that, right?" Bai Zemin said aloud for confirmation.

".... That seems to be the case..." Shangguan Bing Xue was still dumbfounded and felt drunk as she savored the feeling of becoming more powerful without doing anything. "This title Destroyer of Destroyers will make everything a lot easier."

"... Let's hope so." Bai Zemin sighed softly.

"Why do you say that?"

"You don't know?"

"What do you mean?"

"In light novels, whenever the main character gets some cool treasure or some power boost bad things end up happening. Something like a sect chasing them because it turned out that the treasure was actually the lost divine artifact of the said sect or maybe because the protagonist possessed some kind of special bloodline that threatened some bizarre family."

"..."

"What? Why are you looking at me like that? I told you, it always happens. Believe me."

"... Are you telling me that this title we just received and that no one but us knows of its existence will give us trouble?"

"Well, not necessarily the title itself.... It's just that getting such a boost of power just by coming to this place gives me a bad feeling. It feels like things have suddenly gotten harder instead of easier even though our strength has clearly just increased."

"... Bai Zemin, has anyone ever told you that your words are not very encouraging?"

"Em? Well, a person close to me has been telling me that since the apocalypse began."

"Oh? And where is this person? Is it Lili?"

"Lili? Well, something like that."

...

Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue chatted with each other in low voices while performing all sorts of movements to let their bodies adapt as quickly as possible to the higher gravity of this world.

Although they both looked relaxed, they were actually tense and attentive to their surroundings that even a fly would not be able to get within 100 meters of them without being noticed.

In addition, to avoid trouble and to prevent any being from invading Earth through the rift, they both stayed close watching the area while hiding in the shadows. Considering the environment of this world, hiding was not difficult; especially for Bai Zemin who possessed the skill Invisibility.

But what surprised both of them was that even after three full hours, the enemy did not seem to show any movement.

This left both Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue dumbfounded since at first what they were both expecting was that as soon as they arrived in this world they would be accosted by hordes after hordes of enemies, but nothing could be further from the reality. Forget hordes after hordes of enemies, until now they hadn't even seen a cat or a dog!

"Could it be that something bad happened with the other party's command center?" Shangguan Bing Xue pondered while panting slightly. She looked extremely sexy and wild with her slightly tousled silver hair, flushed face, and sweaty body.

Bai Zemin was just a normal, healthy young man whose sexual orientation had no strange deviations so despite knowing that Shangguan Bing Xue's current condition was because they had been running for hours without rest in the middle of a world whose gravity was several times more powerful than what they were used to and whose temperature was around 60 degrees, his mind still couldn't help but wander a bit towards some perverted stuff.

Of course, such thoughts disappeared as soon as they were born, and with his mind clear, he replied, "That's likely. Considering that several hundred thousand of them were dispatched and slaughtered in such a short time, even if the leader of the other side is a useless ape he or she should understand that things are not as simple as they initially estimated they would be."

"... I guess you're right." Shangguan Bing Xue nodded after a moment's thought.

Bai Zemin had annihilated an army of over 600,000 enemies in less than 1 hour of time. Such a thing had probably not happened many times in the entire universe. Moreover, among the enemies he had slain were thousands of First Order enemies.

Just as they were discussing the plan they would follow next, the expression of both of them changed, and as if by prior agreement, they looked forward with serious expressions.

"It looks like the break time is over." Bai Zemin said with a faint smile.

Shangguan Bing Xue sighed and unsheathed the sword from her waist as she calmly said, "How do we do this?"

"Let's kill them all fast and then wait here." Bai Zemin determined quickly. "We can't stray too far from the rift as an enemy might sneak in, or worse yet, it might close in while we're not here."

Although he possessed a title that allowed him to return to Earth, Bai Zemin did not know if he would be allowed to travel alongside another person. Moreover, this skill could only be used once a year so Bai Zemin would not use it unless all options were exhausted since using such a skill now might jeopardize his mission to advance to Blood Mystic.

Shangguan Bing Xue naturally understood the complexity of the matter so she simply nodded when she heard Bai Zemin's words. At this moment, her main goal was not to be a burden; on the contrary, what she aspired to was to prove to him that she was worthy of being his partner on the battlefield.

She wanted to prove to this man who possessed what it took to be proud and arrogant that he could trust his back to her.

Therefore, without waiting for the enemy to approach and without waiting for Bai Zemin to make the first move, she grasped the hilt of the sword he had forged for her and rushed forward at full speed.

The second enemy army was much smaller than the first army that had arrived on Earth. Their numbers hovered around 100,000. However, 40,000 of those 100,000 were First Order existences and those leading them were 20 terrifying Second Order existences.

Shangguan Bing Xue already had her target in her sights and without hesitation activated almost all her skills immediately, raising her power to new heights. A second later, she was 100 meters from the enemy army.

"Ice Swords!" She exclaimed in a cold voice as she continued charging. Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

The enemy had not even reacted yet as they were clearly surprised by the arrival of this woman who clearly did not belong to the same race as them due to her distinctive silver hair.

By the time the Generals in the middle of the formation understood what was happening, about 400 ice blades hovered 10 meters above the ground for a brief second before flying towards them.

"Fuck! These bastards actually dared to come to our world!" A beautiful Second Order woman cursed before ordering, "Kill her!"

Five First Order existences rushed forward without caring about the chaos the enemy attack might cause. The level of the lowest among them was 38 and the highest level was already at level 50, very close to breaking Second Order.

Shangguan Bing Xue's lips curved slightly upwards, giving her an extremely seductive appearance that stupefied her male enemies for an instant.

[Charming Eye!]

Coincidentally, the five First Order existences before her were all male. Their movements froze for an instant and by the time they snapped back to their senses all they saw was darkness. Their heads flew into the air at practically the same time as blood gushed from their necks.

Shangguan Bing Xue managed to gain some stat points that boosted her power by another notch and as a consequence, her movement speed and the ferocity of her attacks grew exponentially.

By the time their lifeless bodies fell to the ground, the several hundred ice blades reached the front line of the army.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!....

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!...

...

The 400 ice swords hit exactly 400 bodies of Unclassified existences, among them many about to cross the threshold. The bodies of these existences immediately turned into ice statues that soon exploded into a pile of ice particles that rained down beautifully.

But the most terrifying thing was what happened next.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!...

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!...

...

The 400 ice swords, far from stopping, continued to pierce through the bodies of more enemies under Shangguan Bing Xue's perfect control. All those who were pierced by the ice swords turned into ice statues and then the ice exploded into fragments that flew everywhere.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3