Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The 400 ice swords, far from stopping, continued to pierce through the bodies of more enemies under Shangguan Bing Xue's perfect control. All those who were pierced by the ice swords turned into ice statues and then the ice exploded into fragments that flew everywhere.

In just a matter of two or three seconds, over 2000 enemies had been frozen to death! They didn't even leave behind an intact corpse as the ice statues exploded into countless fragments of frozen rock that flew everywhere!

Worse yet, the frozen ice fragments that flew after exploding actually became terrifying weapons similar to the shrapnel of a grenade as they contained Shangguan Bing Xue's Mana and were charged with magical power and served to pierce through the bodies of the most unfortunate ones in the vicinity!

Cries of pain spread everywhere as some received wounds serious enough to keep them incapable of getting back on their feet and continuing to fight. Even if these affected existences were only Unclassified existences, the fact that from a single attack she managed to accomplish such a thing was commendable!

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!....

Shangguan Bing Xue was like a lioness in the middle of a flock of lambs. Every time she swung her Frozen Winter Sword, the head of an enemy would definitely be sent flying, and blood would splatter all over the ground. The most terrifying thing was that even as she decapitated the enemies that tried to surround her, she would delicately control the 400 ice swords to continue flying across the battlefield and slaughtering left and right.

The blood of the decapitated enemies did not remain on the ground for too long either since as if it were a living being, the ground seemed to be a kind of intelligent sponge as it slowly began to absorb all the blood. As for where all that blood was going, it was a mystery to Shangguan Bing Xue.

Bai Zemin was surprised as he watched from afar since he initially did not expect that Shangguan Bing Xue's slaughtering ability actually did not lose at all to his. However, he soon regained his composure and understood.

Most enemies were just Unclassified and those enemies that had broken the First Order did not possess anywhere near the purity of Shangguan Bing Xue's Soul Power so it was no wonder that she could end their lives so easily. Moreover, unlike Bai Zemin, the path she aspired and walked was a path that would lead her to possess the ability to face tens of thousands of enemies on her own; a path that was very much suited to a person as Shangguan Bing Xue, someone who aspired to prove to the entire world her capacity to do things on her own.

Moreover, Shangguan Bing Xue's Ice Maker skill was extremely flexible when it came to combat. In fact, her skill was one of the best for facing hordes of enemies in large numbers.

The corner of Bai Zemin's mouth rose slightly upwards, feeling relieved that he had brought this woman with him. Although he had no doubts in defeating the army before him nor did he fear facing a larger one, the reality was that the stronger Shangguan Bing Xue became the better it would be for everyone in the long run; including himself.

Shangguan Bing Xue swung her sword as a goddess of war. Her enemies were nothing more than insignificant beings in her eyes and even those level 50 existences that tried to stop her failed to take more than two hits if they were lucky and failed to even take one if luck was not with them.

Her sky blue armor was perfectly free of any bloodstain as all around her was a faint off-white aura that froze any impurity that came too close to her body. Even the blade of her sword, far from being stained red, had a faint glow of light silver that made it look like a holy sword.

Her entire existence seemed to shine on the battlefield. Amidst so much red, her pure white color was similar to that of a kindly goddess slaying evil demons.

Swoosh!

Shangguan Bing Xue felt the atmosphere behind her shudder and her entire body trembled for a brief moment. However, she ignored the danger that threatened her life and instead of turning around to try to block the attack that was getting closer and closer, she stabbed her sword into the heart of a beautiful woman in front of her.

The person who was attacking Shangguan Bing Xue was that Second Order woman who had given the command to kill her at the beginning. Her face was red from anger and her icy expression made it clear that she was in no mood to chat.

Only about 5 seconds had passed but this silver-haired woman had already slaughtered over 4000 men! Even if most of them were Unclassified existences, the asura race was similar to mankind in the aspect that they needed many years to grow and many more years to evolve several levels since unlike those who could absorb Soul Power, the asura race could only evolve by eating the Soul Stones of other living beings.

The sword in the hands of the beautiful woman was a rank 2 weapon and its edge would allow her to cut a human war tank into several pieces with ease. When this beautiful woman of the asura race slashed forward, the air was sliced in two and without any resistance, it advanced towards Shangguan Bing Xue's unprotected neck.

Just as Shangguan Bing Xue managed to feel the coldness of the enemy sword's edge on her neck, all danger seemed to disappear in an instant when she sensed another presence behind her.

"And here I was thinking you'd let me do all the work myself." She said without stopping her movements.

She took a step forward and bowed before fiercely slashing diagonally forming a wide arc of silver light. The silver light spread out to reach 5 meters in front of her and an instant later hundreds of enemies were cut in half.

"What do you mean by that? I was clearly letting you have your fun" Bai Zemin joked as he gripped the enemy sword with both hands.

His hands were protected by rank 2 gauntlets that did not lose at all to the sword of the beautiful woman before him. Therefore, regardless of the screeching sound of the sharp blade scraping against the metal of his gauntlets, his hands were perfectly fine.

Bai Zemin seized the opportunity and leaned back. Using the enemy's strength to his advantage, he forcefully pulled the sword towards him, and just as the blade was about to pierce his chest, he spun 360 degrees as he raised his right leg and slammed fiercely towards the enemy's head.

His kick contained over 900 Strength points so one could only try to imagine how frightening such an attack was!

Bang!

Even before reaching the target, Bai Zemin's leg was like an unstoppable whip and the air exploded at the power contained behind it!

However, the woman of the asura race was not a Second Order existence for nothing.

Battle intent shone in her eyes and excitement showed at the excited smile that grew on her face as she sensed the enemy's attack. She too turned 360 degrees and kicked with all her might.

She, like the vast majority of asuras, was a close combatant and loved such confrontations!

The two legs collided and for an instant time seemed to stand still.

Boom!!!

A terrifying explosion shook the battlefield followed by a shockwave that inadvertently caused the death of several dozen and even Shangguan Bing Xue was forced to retreat a couple of steps.

The ground split and the earth 20 meters around the impact area trembled as the sound of rumbling was given to be heard.

"You... Are you really a First Order existence?" The beautiful woman of the asura race asked in a surprised voice.

"... That seems to be the case." Bai Zemin replied with a composed expression.

Both of them still held the same position. Their lower legs were firmly pressed against each other's and the time around them seemed to have stopped flowing.

"What a pity... Such a magnificent man and warrior.... I would have liked to have met you under different circumstances." Said the woman with slight bitterness.

"..." Bai Zemin did not reply and simply looked her in the eyes with indifference.

Bang!

[You have absorbed the Soul Power of Second Order Valerie level 69. You cannot receive extra stats until you complete your breakthrough mission and obtain your Second Order job.]

The body of the beautiful woman of the asura race exploded into a bloody mess that flew messily everywhere. Furthermore, the remaining strength in Bai Zemin's attack served to turn over 100 enemies into a pile of meat paste when the shockwave from his kick hit them.

"Oh, that woman had a good name." He muttered indifferently.

"Em?" Suddenly, Bai Zemin felt an intense gaze piercing his back so he hurriedly turned around to face the enemy.

However, all he saw was Shangguan Bing Xue staring at him with cold eyes. Surprisingly, even while looking at him she was still slaughtering enemies with ease.... No, in fact, it seemed like she was more motivated as the speed at which her enemies were slaughtered had clearly increased!

"W- What's wrong?" asked Bai Zemin somewhat apprehensive.

"... Very very good, Bai Zemin." Shangguan Bing Xue suddenly smiled like a flower in spring and said in a seemingly sweet voice, "While this young lady clears out the enemies, you take care of wooing otherworldly women. Perfect. I see you don't even spare the aliens!"

"But what the fuck?!" Bai Zemin exclaimed dumbfounded and unconsciously looked at the internal organs of the asura race woman he had just killed.

"Die!"

An old man who looked to be about 60 years old but whose aura was that of a Second Order warrior charged viciously towards Bai Zemin while wielding a huge hammer of over two meters.

Bai Zemin turned around and hurriedly activated Gravity Manipulation in reverse at maximum power.

The enemy's movement became smoother and more fluid but the sudden change caused him to lose movement speed and the power behind the old man's attack had weakened greatly.

Bai Zemin, already prepared for the gravitational change as he had been practicing for hours, sidestepped the attack by making use of his high Agility and jumped high into the sky. His body rose a dozen meters in an instant and without giving the enemy time to react he activated Gravity Manipulation x15.

The gravity of the Oblon world was at least 2 times higher than Earth's so Bai Zemin's body fell like a meteorite from the sky when he increased that gravity x15 times normal.

With both fists clenched together, he raised his arms above his head and his figure was reflected in the pupils of the shocked old man. Then, he fiercely slammed downward.

Boom!!!!

His united fists impacted ferociously against the Second Order elder's unprotected head and his upper body exploded in a bloody mess leaving behind only his legs.

"Do you think this can be called 'wooing women'????" He said a little speechless as he looked at Shangguan Bing Xue again.

Shangguan Bing Xue snorted and said without believing a word he spoke, "You'd better be careful what you do. Otherwise..." Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Then, she raised her small white fist at him and made a threatening gesture.

But instead of looking threatening, she looked extremely adorable even as she waved her other hand and froze several enemies alive!

Bai Zemin forced a smile and didn't know whether to laugh or cry at seeing her act like that.

How were they invading another world and experiencing dangers? They clearly looked more like a couple of high school teenagers flirting with each other! Only neither of them thought of it that way and took it as normal, but in the eyes of the asura race, what they were doing was no different than completely disdaining them!

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3