Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Shangguan Bing Xue's little tongue was like an innocent little child playing hide and seek as it was at first hidden deep inside her mouth. However, when she opened her eyes and was surprised by what she saw, her slippery little tongue began to move of its own accord as if it wanted to change the game to a fighting one.

On the other hand, Bai Zemin was so dumbfounded that like Shangguan Bing Xue he had no idea what he was doing or what was happening. However, it was impossible for him to deny the fact that the velvety softness of Shangguan Bing Xue's seductive pink lips was extremely pleasurable to feel.

The two tongues engaged for a brief moment as the softness of each other's lips was transmitted to each other's brains and for a couple of seconds, they stayed in the same position as if they were thinking that, maybe, if they didn't move, the other person wouldn't notice them or something similar.

After what seemed like an eternity of being frozen even though in reality it had only been a few seconds, Bai Zemin slowly ordered his tongue to withdraw from the other person's mouth and stop messing around, to which the little scoundrel seemed to respond reluctantly so it began to retreat silently but not before giving its counterpart a slight caress as if it were saying goodbye.

Finally, by the time his lips left hers, Bai Zemin naturally felt a little reluctant to abandon that heavenly softness just as well as the warmth that her breath transmitted to him while their mouths were together.

"I'm glad the medicine worked." He said while still looking into her eyes.

Bai Zemin was still leaning over her body and used one hand to support his weight while with the other he lifted the small bottle with half of the contents and shook it lightly at her eye level.

Shangguan Bing Xue looked at the for a moment before her blue eyes shifted back to his red eyes and after a brief silence she said in an indifferent voice, "If you look down, I will scratch your eyes out."

Bai Zemin did not understand what she was referring to, therefore, he unconsciously started to lower his head to see what was going on.

However, Shangguan Bing Xue raised her hands and clutched at his face to force him to look her in the face and slowly said, "... Little pervert, don't you listen to people when they talk to you?"

Suddenly and as if he had received enlightenment from the heavens, Bai Zemin realized something and laughed awkwardly as he unknowingly blurted out, "Well, I saw what couldn't be seen anyway."

"You..." Shangguan Bing Xue frowned but her expression soon turned into one of helplessness. She sighed as if tired and said in a low voice, "Get off me, you little shameless thing. Besides, don't look down no matter what!"

"I understand, miss." Bai Zemin chuckled and closed his eyes as he slowly stood up and turned around.

"Give me your cloak."

Hearing the voice behind him, Bai Zemin felt helpless and without any other choice he unhooked the chains linking his cloak to his shoulder pads before stretching his right hand behind him while keeping his gaze fixed straight ahead.

After a few seconds during which he heard some soft rustling sounds, Shangguan Bing Xue's voice reached him again:

"It's okay now. You can turn back."

Bai Zemin turned around and his slightly heated eyes roamed over the silhouette of the woman before him involuntarily.

Shangguan Bing Xue was wearing Bai Zemin's cloak to cover her upper body, but even so it could not hide her charming curves at all; especially the front area which despite not being as big as Lilith's or Wu Yijun's, were undoubtedly magnificent. Bai Zemin could still remember how shiny her white skin was once the wound was mostly gone and secretly couldn't help but wonder how soft it would feel to gently run his palm over the top and feel the weight of both of them.

His blood red eyes slowly moved around her lovely figure until they reached her slightly parted lips. With Bai Zemin's improved eyesight, he could see every detail of her beautiful little mouth perfectly and could even make out how they glistened against the artificial lighting floating in the sky; he unconsciously wondered if that was her saliva or his.

"This little perverted brat." Shangguan Bing Xue muttered through gritted teeth. She couldn't help but blush as she felt Bai Zemin's heated gaze on every inch of her body and as she remembered what had just happened her body shuddered.

Bai Zemin thought she was getting angrier and angrier as he saw her gritting her teeth and her body trembling, so he hurriedly explained, "Bing Xue, about earlier. I really didn't mean it. I tried to give you the potion normally but there was no way to get the liquid down your throat.... Therefore... You understand."

The corner of Shangguan Bing Xue's mouth contracted softly when she heard Bai Zemin's words.

"You know? For some reason, right now I really want to give you the beating of your life." She said as she looked at him with dagger sharp eyes.

Bai Zemin felt that he was being stared at by a being even more terrifying than the Second Order existences he had faced so far and automatically took a step back as he looked at her cautiously.

Seeing him like this, Shangguan Bing Xue sighed exaggeratedly and waved a hand casually as she said wearily, "It's okay, forget it. I understand the crux of the matter perfectly so let's not give it any more thought."

Even though she said that, Bai Zemin realized that she was in a bad mood. Then, not wanting to damage the good friendship they had formed so far, he pointed out:

"If it makes you feel any better, that was my first kiss."

"Bai Zemin... You're really looking for death that bad?!" She said through gritted teeth. It was just that the blush that covered almost all of her face had made her look more cute than evil.

It was only then that Bai Zemin realized his mistake.... Sure, that was the first time his lips felt the sweetness that a woman's lips could offer, but maybe, it was also the case for Shangguan Bing Xue! In fact, considering her personality it was highly unlikely that she had ever kissed a man!

Besides, he had just said that it was all because of the medicine but then he talks about kissing!

Just when Bai Zemin wanted to say something else, his expression froze for a second before a wild smile appeared on his face.

On the other hand, Shangguan Bing Xue also noticed the problem approaching them.... A problem too big for her to do anything about.

"Don't move from there, I'll finish this soon."

Shangguan Bing Xue listened to Bai Zemin's words, words that were filled with coldness. It was just that she couldn't even move a muscle in her body so even if she wanted to, she couldn't move from her current position! It was as if a giant mountain such as Everest were weighing down on her body and in just an instant her face turned pale as a sheet while her soul shuddered in fear.

Bai Zemin turned around and walked a little away from where Shangguan Bing Xue was standing, standing right next to the corpse of the giant eagle before looking up at the sky with deathly cold eyes.

Now that the giant cloak had disappeared, the great sword behind his back had been completely exposed. It was just that for this kind of enemy, in his current state, Bai Zemin believed it was not necessary to wield it.

Worse yet... In his current condition, Bai Zemin was really like an inexhaustible monster since his Stamina at this point was literally, infinite! So, he could swing his sword as long as he felt like it!

Soon, the air pressure seemed to increase infinitely and the rocks rose a few inches above the ground as the earth shook.

Bai Zemin quickly spotted a small bright dot high in the sky that grew larger and larger as it headed in his direction.

He snorted coldly and with a mighty leap flew hundreds of meters in an instant as he slammed his right fist upwards.

Rumble...

BOOOOOM!!!

RUMBLE...

Time in the sky seemed to freeze for a brief instant before Shangguan Bing Xue noticed a golden light spreading outward in the shape of a giant hoop that only grew larger and larger as it spread further and further outward before finally disappearing as the clouds burst into fiery flames of burning fire that began to rain down toward the earth an instant later.

Bai Zemin and the man he faced looked at each other for a second before breaking apart and when their feet touched solid ground again they both remained silent.

Finally, the man before him said in a serious voice:

"Who the hell are you?!"

This man was Jennan. He had a contract with the giant eagle so when the creature died, he immediately sensed something was wrong.

In a fit of rage, Jennan got the emperor's permission to end once and for all with whatever problems were holding back the advancement of the asura race; but what Jennan was mainly after was revenge as for him the giant eagle was the only existence he could trust since the asuras were treacherous and battle lustful.

Little did Jennan expect that despite the First Order aura he sensed from afar, the man before him actually had such frightening power....

Jennan was level 162! He was the third most powerful of the entire asura race! And yet, the man before him despite not even having broken beyond level 50 was actually able to face him head on!

Jennan stood with his back straight and his hands behind his back. However, if one looked carefully, one would notice that his right arm with which he had punched earlier was shaking gently and he could barely contain the trembling by clenching his fist tightly.

Bai Zemin looked at the man in front of him and felt the most powerful aura he had ever felt in his entire life. Unlike Lilith's suppressed aura where she looked like just another ordinary human in the crowd, this man of the asura race was actually like the demon in Bai Zemin's eyes.

However...

"A loser has no right to ask questions." Said the proud 20-year-old. Ignoring the death stare Jennan was giving him, Bai Zemin said in an authoritative tone, "Your little bird hurt my friend, therefore I killed it. I will eat its meat and will use its bones to forge weapons for my people while its feathers will be the scythes that will harvest the blood of your race..... As for you, you will naturally die. I will see what I can do with your bones after that."

Shangguan Bing Xue was watching and listening to everything from afar, right in front of the rift. She couldn't believe what she was seeing and couldn't believe what her ears were hearing.

Bai Zemin... He actually managed to collide head-on with a monster like that and come out unscathed! Shangguan Bing Xue felt like her heart was going to burst out of her chest because of how hard it was beating as a result of her nerves.

That scoundrel even dares to say such words! Shangguan Bing Xue felt that she really had to teach Bai Zemin some basic etiquette.

But in fact, Shangguan Bing Xue did not realize that Bai Zemin had had the winning hand in the first match.... Because while Jennan punched from above and harnessed the force of gravity to his advantage, Bai Zemin had gravity against him at all moment!

But even with such a setback holding him and with such momentum supporting the enemy, Bai Zemin and Jennan backed up at the same time!

Jennan said nothing in the face of his enemy's arrogant words. Because, unlike Shangguan Bing Xue, he did have things straight. So, instead of trying to show off, he unsheathed his sword and the same golden glow from before once again covered his body completely.

"Draw your sword, warrior from another world." Jennan barked in a deep voice and the aura around him burst outward as he said, "Despite my hatred for you, I respect your strength."

"You want me to draw my sword? Just because of you?" Bai Zemin sneered and raised both hands as he said disdainfully, "For someone like you, these two are more than enough."

Jennan sighed and shook his head before his eyes turned frost cold.

They both looked at each other for a moment, and as if by prior agreement, they both rushed forward to give chase to the other.

The ground beneath both of their feet felt strangely good despite the power they had used, but this was only because the speed at which they both moved exceeded the speed at which the ground cracked. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

In Shangguan Bing Xue's eyes, she only saw a flash of golden light and a flash of black light with small blue flashing lights facing each other for a second before Bai Zemin and the asura race man appeared in opposite positions.

The wind blew smoothly and the cracks finally spread far and wide, like earth dragons hundreds of meters long and several meters wide.

Bai Zemin and Jennan had their backs to each other and did not move for several seconds.... Neither of them moved, but the battle was already over.

The clouds in the sky continued to burst and the firestorm continued to fall on the earth as if it was the flood sent by the gods to punish the race.

Bai Zemin straightened his posture. The small movement caused his shoulder pad to shatter into pieces and even his Rank 2 armor that he was so proud of was torn; from his shoulder to his upper left chest, a bloody wound appeared on his body.

"You... You're only 20 years old?" Jennan muttered in shock as he felt the life energy of his enemy.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3