Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

When Bai Zemin's shoulder pads exploded and the armor split open to finally see blood pouring out of his body, Shangguan Bing Xue felt her heart clench.

The fear and anxiety she felt were so great that even though her wounds were currently completely healed her unsteady feet almost carried her to the ground. This was one of the few times she lost control of her mind and despite the terror she felt from the depths of her soul, she refused to back down.

However, just as she clutched her sword and prepared to help him fight to the death with this fierce enemy that had appeared before them, another change occurred on the battlefield.

The sound of something slowly breaking was heard amidst the deadly silence, then, the steady and unwavering Jennan opened his mouth.

Cough! Cough!

The red blood contained fragments of internal organs and the feet of the man whose power scale had entered the Third Order staggered until he finally fell onto one knee.

Shangguan Bing Xue put both hands over her mouth as she saw that at some point the mark of a fist had appeared on the left side of the enemy's chest and blood was not only flowing out from the front but also from the back.

Jennan had succeeded in wounding Bai Zemin, there was no doubt. However, at what cost?

"Really... Impressive." Jennan continued to cough up blood like crazy as he said, "Only 20 years old.... Only First Order peak... But you can actually take my life with a fist.... How terrifying...."

Bai Zemin silently used Blood Manipulation and the wound on his chest began to heal quickly under his high Health stat. He turned around and looked at Jennan casually as the flame that represented the man's life slowly flickered out.

The current Bai Zemin could only be described as a monster. Even he himself felt fear towards his own strength at this moment even with his personality affected by the God of War's Will skill and with some of his rationality taken over by the Blood Berserker's Wrath skill.

--------------------------------

[Bai Zemin -

[Status Points: 20] Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

[Level: 50]

[Race: Human]

[Class: Blood Berserker (God of War's Will / Blood Berserker's Wrath mode)]

[Subclass: Lower Leader]

[Title: One Hit to Kill – Irregular - Brilliant Mind - Savior of the World - Destroyer of Destroyers]

[Strength: 3250 (+55) / Agility: 970 (+95) / Health: 663 (+20) / Stamina: ???? / Mana: 2751 (+65) / Magic: 759 (+155) ]

Skills:

Active:

[Blood Manipulation (Second Order active skill) level 3 / Crimson Blood Judgment (Third Order active skill) level 5 / Regeneration (First Order active skill) Lvl 5 / Shadow Blink (First Order active skill) level 1 / Lightning Movement (Second Order active skill) level 5 / Invisibility (First Order active skill) level 1 / Gravity Manipulation (First Order active skill) level 5 / Void Fist (Third Order active skill) level 1]

Passive:

[Special Forces Soldier (Unranked passive skill) level 5 / Stone Heart (Third Order passive skill) level 5 / Superhuman Health (First Order passive skill) level 5 / Silver Skin (Second Order passive skill) level 1 / Mechanic (Unranked passive skill) level 5 / Throwing (Unranked passive skill) level 5 / God of War's Will (Third Order passive skill) level 5 / Blacksmithing (First Order passive skill) level 5 / Danger Sense (Unranked passive skill) level 5] / Enhanced Dexterity (First Order passive skill) level 5]

--------------------------------

The skill Blood Berserker's Wrath was a skill that among the benefits and problems it posed for the possessor was one that proved to be especially terrifying; decreasing the Stamina consumption by 50% every time the user was in combat mode.

On the other hand, God of War's Will skill reduced Bai Zemin's Stamina consumption by another 50% when the number of enemies exceeded him by a margin of 1000 to 1, and considering that Bai Zemin had the entire asura race as his enemy and the title effect 'Destroyer of Destroyer' was active, this effect was naturally present.

In short, the current Bai Zemin was literally an inexhaustible war machine!

Little did Jennan actually know that the enemy he was facing not only possessed unlimited Stamina but was also holding back horribly!

"You are strong... But you made a grave mistake coming into this world." Jennan laughed with a mouthful of blood.

Bai Zemin didn't waste words on an unworthy enemy. With lightning speed, he appeared beside the fallen man, and with a mighty punch, Jennan's head exploded into a million pieces.

RUMBLE....

The resulting power was enough to create a giant ditch whose boundary could not be seen with the naked eye.

Shangguan Bing Xue felt as if the entire world were trembling and unconsciously couldn't help but think that the title Destroyer of Destroyers really suited Bai Zemin.

"Don't worry... I will soon send many more of your kind to join you in the hell." Bai Zemin muttered and at the same time as the color of his eyes returned to normal, he felt the feeling of invincibility that filled him slowly disappear.

After finishing off the giant eagle that had mortally wounded Shangguan Bing Xue and after killing the eagle master, the effect of the skill Blood Berserker's Wrath automatically disappeared, taking pros and cons with it in the process.

[You have absorbed the Soul Power of Third Order Jennan level 162.....]

Bai Zemin sighed and after a moment he noticed that next to the corpse there was something.... A small rock.

His body trembled as a wild thought appeared in his excited heart, and with unsteady hands, he bent down to catch the object.

Feeling the immeasurable power within the rock in his hands, Bai Zemin sucked in a breath of cold air and stood mute on his feet.

Shangguan Bing Xue was worried about him. She thought his injuries were worse than they actually looked so, after being sure that the enemy really had been defeated and killed by Bai Zemin, she slowly approached.

"Are you-" She reached his side and was about to say something, but when she saw what he held in his left hand, her words got stuck in her throat. Her beautiful blue eyes widened in shock and as if she couldn't believe what she was seeing she whispered in a hesitant voice, "Th-That.... That's..."

"Third Order..." Bai Zemin whispered still dumbfounded. He suddenly blinked hard and as if realizing what was happening his body trembled as he said in an excited voice louder, "Third Order Soul Stone! It really is a Third Order one!"

Third Order Soul Stone!

Shangguan Bing Xue gasped when she heard those words and looked at the small glowing stone in disbelief.

Four words that actually meant so much! Little did they both expect that they would so soon acquire a treasure of such magnitude and at such an unexpected time!

Now, Bai Zemin possessed one of the most crucial elements to forge the Goblin Magic Cannon! The possibilities and uses of the Soul Stone in his hands were too many to decide on one firmly!

However, soon Bai Zemin came out of his surprise and handed the Third Order Soul Stone to Shangguan Bing Xue.

"W- What's wrong?" she asked as she looked at him with worried eyes when she saw his serious expression.

"You stay here." He said in a deep voice and gently held onto her shoulders as he stared into her eyes and said, "I trust you will be able to stop any enemy from slipping through the rift to get to Earth. Can you do that for me?"

Shangguan Bing Xue felt spellbound by his dark eyes and for a moment she just stood there, staring at him silently. She didn't even notice when she muttered under her breath, ".... Okay."

She looked like a nice wife instead of the proud and cold Shangguan Bing Xue everyone knew. If her friends or her mother were to see her at this moment, they would undoubtedly be so shocked that their jaws would touch the ground.

Then, as if coming out of that strange state she was in, she hurriedly asked, "But what about you? Where are you going?"

Bai Zemin snorted and looked in a northeasterly direction as he said in a cold voice, "Before we leave this world we must make sure that this filthy race fears the humanity of our Earth so much that they would never dare to even think of clashing with us."

Bai Zemin could not be there forever. He was only one person and regardless of how overwhelming his power was compared to others he could not really be everywhere at all times. Therefore, now that he had the opportunity to erase an enemy from the list of so many, he naturally had to take advantage of it.

"I see..." Shangguan Bing Xue frowned, and although she understood his motives and also agreed with his thoughts, her restless heart was hard to control. Still, she was a woman who knew where her limits were; her current limit was to protect the rift from enemies slipping out of the web called Bai Zemin.

Therefore, she looked at him with a confident smile and said self-assuredly, "It's okay. Leave it to me. You go and do what you have to do .... " Then, this time in a softer voice, she whispered, "Make sure you come back properly."

Shangguan Bing Xue had just seen with her own eyes the scene of Bai Zemin completely overwhelming an existence whose power was definitely far beyond the Second Order. She no longer dared to believe that she knew his power well, and therefore, she felt safer to let him go alone.

Of course, Shangguan Bing Xue did not know that the only reason Bai Zemin managed to overwhelm someone like Jennan was only because two of his main stats had been greatly boosted and one of them had even reached the infinite.

But Bai Zemin didn't need to tell her these things either. After all, while his stats had dropped to normal and his Stamina would drop even though it would be 50% slower than normal; he still possessed several deadly trump cards that he had not used in his battle against Jennan.

"Don't worry... It might take me a while, but I'll definitely be back." He nodded with a slightly proud smile.

Shangguan Bing Xue knew that more words were unnecessary, so she obediently stepped back until she was right in front of the rift. She began to use the second activation of her Ice Maker skill to set hundreds and thousands of traps all over the battlefield.

On the other hand, Bai Zemin turned his back to her and with a thought, the spatial pearl flew out from inside his armor.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

Gust after gust of blood flew out from inside the giant eagle's body and was stored by the small pearl. Then, Bai Zemin took a few tens of liters of blood and used his Blood Manipulation skill to form thousands of blood chains.

He pointed at the giant eagle's body and the blood chains flew there as if they had life of their own. Then, the sharp and powerful feathers of the beast were forcibly plucked; the blood turned liquid at the tip of the chains and after they clung to the feathers Bai Zemin hardened the blood again.

Approximately sixty seconds later, he finally had about 2000 or 3000 blood chains that at the tip had something similar to the blade of a sharp deadly sword.

Then, under Shangguan Bing Xue's eyes, he turned into a crimson shadow, and surrounded by thousands of deadly weapons he disappeared from her line of sight.

She sighed and searched her last received records.... Because in addition to receiving a large amount of stats after absorbing the giant eagle's Soul Power, she had also received several Soul Record messages.

-------------------------------------------

[You cannot level up to level 51 before obtaining your second class and advancing to Second Order. All Soul Power acquired during the evolution process will be recorded and calculated once you have successfully advanced to Second Order.]

[Your possible paths of evolution have been studied and confirmed.]

[With the achievements and the records you have earned until now, a path you can take is now seen. Please select a job. A befitting trial will be given to you: ]

[1) Frost Queen]

[2) Ice Reaper]

[3) Ice Soul Charming Demon]

-------------------------------------------

Shangguan Bing Xue had three possible paths to follow based on the records her soul had been absorbing up until today, which while not as abnormal as Bai Zemin, was still more than usual since normally everyone had two paths to follow after choosing the First Order and so on.

However, she didn't have to think about it too much since just based on the name of the last job she immediately pictured her current job. Then, as if something appealed to her, she said quietly.

"Option number three."

Although it wasn't necessary to say it out loud since there was no one there, the Soul Record had ears everywhere.

So, she received her breakthrough mission.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3