Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

How many enemies were in front of Bai Zemin? He had no idea.

All he knew was that their numbers definitely totaled at least several tens of thousands of them and surprisingly he detected a few thousand auras comparable to a First Order existence.

[God of War's Will has been activated.]

[Current status: 65% / 65%.]

Of course, with the large number of enemies present it was impossible not to reach the maximum level of increase possible with the skill God of War's Will.

"They really are like cockroaches." Bai Zemin muttered and narrowed his eyes as he realized that the army before him was not very good at greeting guests.

One of the Generals whose power scale had already broken the Second Order and was beyond level 80 swung his spear and ordered in a bloodthirsty voice:

"Mage Squad, use binding skills to seal off the movements of the approaching enemy!"

A small team of about 50 people stepped forward and raised magic wands or staffs created from cedar wood and a Soul Stone. Foreign whispers came out of the mouths of the 50 mages and the surrounding mana immediately began to tremble as the magical power in the area began to grow exponentially. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Bai Zemin closed the distance of 300 meters in an instant and just as he was about to claim the lives of several enemies with a single punch, he noticed several glowing magic circles appear around him.

Ice chains coiled around his body, lightning crackled around his body as if they were snakes trying to catch their prey, air bullets continuously hit different points of the ground to limit his possible future movements, stone hands came out of the earth and extended towards his legs with the intention of stopping his advance even for an instant, etc.

Although the asura race's mage team was apparently composed of only 50 mages due to the fact that only a scarce number of asuras managed to become mages as a result of low mana compatibility, each and every one of them were powerful First Order mages who in terms of skill did not lose at all to the best mages Bai Zemin had gathered so far; in fact, in combat experience, they were infinitely superior.

Bai Zemin did not bother to dodge the enemy magic. His lips curved into a disdainful smile as with a single thought the several thousand blood chains following him encircled his body to form a crimson sphere. The feathers with metallic properties of the giant Second Order eagle had turned into glittering swords pointing outward.

It really did look like a hedgehog at this moment.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

The magical attacks struck the crimson sphere without much success. Only the lightning managed to make the blood evaporate slightly due to the high temperatures but fortunately, it was nothing to worry about.

After the magical attack was repelled, the same General from before gave several orders and the army began to advance quickly to surround the enemy. They wanted to take the opportunity when the enemy came out of his turtle shell to attack at the same time without giving him time to prepare.

Unfortunately, the current Bai Zemin was simply on a different scale.

"Die!"

A roar similar to the one of a beast came from within the crimson sphere and before those in the vicinity realized the danger they were in, the blood split apart again. Thousands of blood chains swung at the same time and as Bai Zemin pointed his hand towards the sky the swords attached to the tip of each blood chain slashed the body of the enemies.

The asuras were cut from the waist, and amidst screams, curses, and cries; blood and internal organs splattered everywhere.

Bai Zemin was clearly enjoying this to the fullest as he did not even stop for a moment. Under his control and that of his Blood Manipulation skill, the blood chains began to slaughter left and right; slashing enemies into countless pieces.

Worse yet, when an asura died after being mutilated, the blood from their corpse would immediately turn around to attack the other asuras.

Blood arrows, blood swords, blood spears, blood halberds, blood hammers, and all kinds of weapons formed from the blood of the asura race flew across the battlefield.

Explosions resounded as the giant red hammers struck the bodies of the enemies and blasted them with countless drops of blood that soon turned into bloody arrows destined to claim the lives of more asuras.

Blood swords along with blood spears streaked across the skies and pierced the vital organs of each asura before transporting to the next. Then, as the blood flowed out of their bodies and formed huge puddles, blood threads crawled silently like cunning snakes and cut down the lives of more asuras.

The massacre went on for about 5 minutes only.

During those 5 minutes, the warriors of the asura race experienced firsthand the meaning of the word pain and saw with their own eyes how terrifying it was to be completely overwhelmed by someone more powerful.

The asura race was used to slaughter. They had annihilated not a few races in the course of history and even the most innocent-looking child had at least the blood of one life on their hands. For them, slaughter was the norm and victory was something they were used to.... But how could they not win? After all, the Cosmos Gate always opened in a world whose laws and mana were inferior to the laws and mana of the Oblon world, which meant that the beings inhabiting those worlds were by nature weaker than the asuras.

So, this was the first time that the asura race experienced the terror of being slaughtered like pigs and without mercy by an enemy.

During those five minutes, the defending army of the asura race experienced what the other races they used to treat like animals felt. They felt fear and horror for the first time; fear and horror to a magnitude so great that it completely overcame the desire for battle and power that ruled their veins.

Five minutes later, the screaming and crying stopped completely.

Standing in a crowd of countless corpses, Bai Zemin's lips were pressed together and his eyes were as cold as ice. To him, claiming so many lives no longer meant anything as he had sworn to himself to destroy everything that posed a threat to him and his loved ones.

As the wind blew, surprisingly one could not smell that characteristic iron smell characteristic of blood.

Behind Bai Zemin, there were tens of thousands of weapons of all kinds and even more blood arrows floating a couple of meters above his head. All around him, the blood chains swayed as if they were the heads of some mythological creature worshipping the supreme lord.

Bai Zemin activated Gravity Manipulation in reverse, decreasing the gravity around him x15 times. After that he stomped hard on the ground beneath his feet and soared hundreds of meters in a short time.

As he looked down, beyond what the walls could cover, a city not so different from a human city came into his range of vision. It was just that unlike the modern buildings on Earth, the buildings of this world were more akin to something similar to the buildings of the Middle Ages.

Bai Zemin saw hundreds and hundreds of thousands of people running everywhere inside the city. However, they were all charging towards the southern gate where the defending army had just been slaughtered by him.

Children, old people, beautiful women, handsome men. No matter what gender and no matter what age; each and every member of the asura race carried at least one sharp sword in their hands and it was clear from the vicious expression on their faces that they were not there to chat with him.

Bai Zemin used two long blood chains to suspend himself in the mid-air while the lower part was stuck firmly into the ground and the body was stiffened to the maximum extent possible. Then, he pointed his index finger to the front and whispered inaudible words.

The blood swords as well as the other blood-formed weapons burst into the sky. The blood droplets remained suspended and after he spent about 1/6 of his total Mana, the blood droplets hardened to a horribly high point.

"Die." He declared in a cold voice that spread everywhere.

Under the shocked eyes of the hundreds of thousands of asuras who had just left the city only to meet the corpses of those of their race and under the stunned eyes of those who were still inside the city but also charged outward; millions of small red objects began to rain down from the sky at thunderous speeds.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!....

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!....

....

The millions of blood bullets randomly hit different points of the battlefield before Bai Zemin as well as different areas within the city.

Although the power of each blood bullet was not enough to cause buildings to collapse with ease, the force of the impact was more than enough to claim the life of an Unclassified asura and if several blood bullets hit the same target, even a First Order asura would immediately be turned into a sieve covered in bloody holes.

In only about 20 seconds, Bai Zemin's death count had skyrocketed to over 200,000 citizens of the asura race, but this number was steadily increasing at speeds capable of astounding anyone.

Those lucky ones were hit in the head and their brains were directly turned into pulp so they did not suffer too much, however, those unlucky ones were the ones who even after being hit by dozens of blood bullets still had to die.

About three or four more minutes passed and finally, Bai Zemin stopped using blood to create bullets to claim the lives of his enemies..... Because it was no longer necessary.

Even though he had consumed more than half of his total Mana, the speed and effectiveness at killing were undoubtedly top-notch so the terrifying consumption was worth it in Bai Zemin's eyes.

His eyes were as cold as ice and as sharp as blades, an expression that definitely did not match the small smile at the corner of his lips; much less the scene before his eyes.

Children little more than seven years old, women whose beauties were variable but undoubtedly capable of enchanting any man, teenagers, old people, and so on. Bai Zemin spared none of them and felt not the slightest remorse as he watched their corpses drowning in a great river of blood formed from the blood of approximately four million asuras.

4.000.000!

This was undoubtedly by far the most gruesome massacre that Bai Zemin had ever carried out in a single day!

As for the reason why he showed no mercy, apart from the passive effect of the second activation of the skill God of War's Will called 'God of War's Partial Possession', was that even the youngest child wielded a sword and looked at him with murderous intent that in some cases surpassed that of an adult.

The power of magic had been more than proven in this scenario for Bai Zemin. If he wanted to wipe out so many enemies in such a short time.... It was simply impossible with his two fists.

Precisely because of this, mages were so terrifying and feared on the battlefields. Because a single spell or a single large-scale skill had the ability to change the flow of a war the moment it was cast.

------------------------------------------

[You have received a new title.]

[You have received the title 'One VS Millions'.]

[One VS Millions: Increases passively your probabilities of inflicting critical hits by 10%.]

------------------------------------------

"It's about time I got something like this." Bai Zemin muttered as he controlled the blood chains that held him to carry him to the top of the city walls.

Behind him were corpses, in front of him were corpses, to his left were more corpses, and to his right were even more corpses.

"How ironic." Bai Zemin continued talking to himself as if he were in some kind of trance: "If someone had told me two months ago that one day I would be the cause of a large-scale massacre, I would definitely have beaten their nose off."

He then walked through the city and began to inspect what he could while he could.

He found a lot of food that unfortunately he had no way of taking with him back to Earth unless he brought several cargo trucks. After all, it was impossible for him to control huge blood constructs and spend his Mana in enemy territory this way.

However, there was something that made Bai Zemin's hands tremble when he found it.

This object was in the most luxurious mansion located in the center of the huge city and Bai Zemin estimated that in the past it belonged to an extremely important figure; an important figure who had possibly already been slaughtered by him along with the rest of the city's residents.

Inside a long box made of some kind of special jade, there was a strange-looking spear.

The spear was just over two meters long and its body was completely blue. But the strange thing was that apart from the normal features that all spears possessed, this spear had a kind of trigger very similar to that of the firearms of the Earth. Furthermore, at the end of the spear was a hole that was currently empty but which Bai Zemin somehow understood what it functioned for.

Without saying a single word, he took out a First Order Soul Stone from his bag and successfully inserted it into the previously empty hole.

At this moment, Bai Zemin was packed with First Order Soul Stones and even had more than 12 Second Order Soul Stones with him. Even if it wasn't possible to take everything home, at least he wouldn't leave empty-handed; that was what he was thinking.

Next, Bai Zemin focused on the records of the strange spear and the first thing that caught his attention was the name of the weapon.

[Arcane Steel Spear.]

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3