Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

[Arcane Steel Spear -]

[Special Weapon.]

[Rank: 1 (Temporary Estimate)]

[Physical Attack Power: 1000 (Temporary Estimate)]

[Magical Attack Power: 1000 (Temporary Estimate)]

[Durability: 15000 / 15000.]

[Increases physical and magical attack power depending on the energy power supplied.]

[Can launch a mana charged lightning beam in a straight line up to 5 meters in front of the user. The power of the lightning depends on the magical attack power and the Magic stat of the wielder.]

[Description: A surprisingly simple to build weapon that was born as a result of the strange combination of a novice blacksmith and an apprentice runesmith. Sometimes, without our expecting it, incredible things are born from our own hands!] Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

---------------------------

"What a great weapon!" Bai Zemin praised loudly and unconsciously tightened his grip on the weapon.

The power of the Arcane Steel Spear was really high. Regardless of whether it was physical attack power or magical attack power, it was definitely on the level of what Bai Zemin could currently produce; however, the important point of the whole thing and the reason why he was showered with praise for the weapon and thus its creators was because the power of the spear in his hands depended on the power that was supplied to it.

For example, the physical and magical attack power of the weapon was currently 1000 points. However, Bai Zemin was quite confident that the magical attack power would drop to 0 when the energy contained within the Soul Stone became completely depleted and the physical attack power was highly likely to drop considerably as well.

On the other hand, if he used a Soul Stone of a higher quality than the First Order Soul Stone he had attached to the spear, the physical attack power and magic attack power of the Arcane Steel Spear would surely shoot upwards by a considerable margin.

"Is this material normal steel?" He muttered unsure of the sensation being transmitted to his brain through the hand holding the spear.

If it were in the past, it might have been difficult to identify such a thing. But after hammering bones with metallic properties of different creatures and even hammering a precious Rank 2 metal, Bai Zemin could differentiate materials that contained mana from those that did not; in other words, he could vaguely differentiate between materials that were born after the Soul Record intervened in X world and those that were already originating from that world.

Just when he doubted himself as he found it hard to believe that such a great weapon had been forged from pure steel, he noticed that in one corner of the box was a small rolled up sheepskin scroll.

Bai Zemin's eyes lit up as a thought flashed in his mind at the sight of the sheepskin scroll. He hastily set the spear down on the ground and picked up the scroll before removing the silk ribbon that held the scroll rolled up.

After leaving the ribbon at the edge of the jade box, Bai Zemin carefully opened the scroll and began to read the contents silently..... Or at least, he tried to.

"... Damn, what language is this supposed to be?" Bai Zemin scratched his head in frustration.

Forget about being able to read the contents silently, even shouting out loud would be defiant since Bai Zemin honestly had no idea if what was written on the scroll were letters, numbers, runes, or some drawing done by a 5 years old child.

So far, Bai Zemin had found many notebooks and notes inside some of the most luxurious houses in this city. Unfortunately for him, however, he was unable to understand what was written in any of them.

Even though the scroll in his hands was different from all the others he had found, it still did not change the fact that he was helpless in the face of languages he had never seen in his entire life, let alone understood.

He didn't know if the notes he found earlier were cooking recipes or the formula for eternal youth and the like.

"Well, at the very least, I'm 90% sure that this sheepskin scroll indicates how to forge the Arcane Steel Spear," Bai Zemin put the scroll back inside the jade box and then put the spear inside as well.

He planned to take this back to Earth when it comes time to leave.

'If I manage to gather a group of capable people and somehow obtain that language skill Lilith mentioned a while back, then I will be able to confirm if the materials used by this Arcane Steel Spear are really just normal steel with some more basic materials.' Bai Zemin silently pondered.

If constructing the Arcane Steel Spear was really simple and easy as the description said, if the main material really was normal steel with no strange characteristics, Bai Zemin would only have to worry about one thing.

"Rune Incriptor..." He muttered under his breath and immediately felt a tremendous headache.

Ever since Bai Zemin had learned of the existence of rune incribers, he had been actively searching for people who had somehow obtained the necessary language skill to become one and also offered great rewards to anyone who found a rune book after defeating a zombie, beast, goblin, human, or whatever; considering that the book alone was useless, many soul evolvers of the faction would often head out to hunt in their spare time to see if they had any luck.

Unfortunately and so far, there was no trace of any rune inscriber; there was also no trace of the language skill; and finally, there was no trace of the rune book either.

With a rune inscriber, even if it was only a small margin, the power of the entire faction of Bai Zemin would rise. The value of such an existence from a certain point of view was even higher than that of a healer and even higher than that of a normal fighter. Bai Zemin would do everything in his power to keep such a being within his scale of power no matter what.

But since there was no use thinking too much about things that were beyond his reach, Bai Zemin simply shook his head and closed the jade box before shouldering it and walking towards the outside of the mansion.

* * *

After hiding the jade box with the spear and the various notes and scrolls that Bai Zemin had found so far in a place away from any possible trouble that might arise, Bai Zemin hurried back to the city and continued searching for more things that might come in handy.

With his high Agility, Bai Zemin's movement speed was truly beastly so even if the city he was currently in was huge, he could traverse much of it in a matter of minutes; most of the time was spent when he would stop to inspect what he thought would be useful for a moment before deciding to take it with him or throw it on the ground.

In the end, what Bai Zemin found the most was a large amount of gold and this caused a thought to be born in his head:

"Could gold not only be world currency but also universal currency?" he muttered and grabbed a handful of shiny, glittering, lustrous coins to keep in his bag.

Bai Zemin had hidden a lot of things for 10 minutes and had to make several trips back and forth to empty his bag as even if it was big it still had space limits.

As for why he had kept some gold.... Bai Zemin had been poor all his life and even if he was now a powerful existence worthy enough to bring chaos to a world beyond Earth, he unconsciously sought some wealth to feel better about himself.

As a human, it was impossible to completely let go of greed and worldly desires; this was something Lilith had pointed out in the past but it was true; Bai Zemin still thought like a human and from a certain point of view, that kind of thinking might be limiting him in many aspects of life.

While Bai Zemin was inside a two-story building and was planning as his next objective to search the library to take several books back to Earth to study it later, suddenly the feeling of death hovered over his body.

How long had it been since his Danger Sense skill was activated to the maximum possible? How long had it been since Bai Zemin felt the cells of his body trembling slightly? Possibly since his first death match against a Second Order existence.

He didn't even bother to pick up anything else and unhesitatingly charged into the wall beside him.

Bang!

The wall collapsed and Bai Zemin continued to run at full speed, however, the speed at which the enemy's attack was falling from the sky was by no means slow, so, by the time Bai Zemin had barely gotten about ten meters away from the house, disaster descended.

BOOM!!!

A golden lightning flash fell from the clouds floating in the sky and fiercely struck the building from which Bai Zemin had just exited only a brief moment ago. The sound of the explosion traveled several kilometers inside the walls and amidst the partial darkness of the Oblon world, the golden illumination of the flickering lightning was like a small sun by itself.

The shockwave struck Bai Zemin's back and his body was sent flying several tens of meters.

A pained expression crossed his face for a moment as he felt the blood inside him churning violently and had it not been for his Blood Manipulation skill he would definitely have spat out a large mouthful of blood as a result of his internal organs shaking after receiving such an impact.

Bai Zemin rolled on the ground several meters in an extremely miserable state and the weight of his sword pressed down on his body several times. It was only after two or three seconds that he managed to stand up with staggering steps and shook his head vigorously while focusing his gaze in the distance.

Descending from the sky slowly just like an immortal fairy from Chinese fairy tales and legends, a woman whose beauty was not lost at all to Shangguan Bing Xue's looked down upon him from above with deadly cold eyes.

Bright red hair down to her waist, extremely tempting curves partially covered by black leather armor, dark red eyes, and an aura of pride and natural arrogance; she was truly a splendid woman in every sense of the word and even more.

However, Bai Zemin was not fooled or cajoled by the beauty of the woman in front of him.

The Soul Power that seeped or she purposely leaked from within her body was powerful enough to surpass even Bai Zemin's current Soul Power regardless of its purity.

Simply put, Bai Zemin was quick to identify that if it was purely a matter of statistics, then the woman in front of him outclassed him; even if it was by a slight margin, he was still being outclassed and in battles to the death those kinds of small margins were what decided who died or who lived.

".... I find it hard to believe that the cause of this whole mess and the killer of so many members of the asura race actually turned out to be just a warrior whose power hasn't even managed to penetrate the Second Order." Glineira looked at the young man in front of her with small astonishment that soon turned into murderous intent: "It's a pity that such a wonderful warrior is the enemy of our asura race.... You have killed millions! Even children and old people! Your sins have no forgiveness from god!"

The passive effect God of War's Possession showed up immediately as Bai Zemin was treated like a lamb waiting to be slaughtered.

"Forgiveness from god?" Bai Zemin repeated loudly and looked at Glineira with a coldness that did not lose to hers as he sneered, "Who needs forgiveness from any god? Maybe you, pests who only know how to slaughter solely for the desire to dominate and without any right goal in mind. But I, Bai Zemin, do not need the forgiveness of any god!"

"Bai Zemin? That's your name?" Glineira nodded and extended her right hand forward as she made a grabbing gesture.

Swoosh!

Crimson light quickly gathered in her palm and an instant later an exquisite crimson energy spear appeared in her hand. Glineira swung the spear first to the front and then behind her body before firmly gripping the shaft with both hands as the swing was completed at the front.

She leaned forward slightly and her crimson spear ignited with a spark of bright fire. As the ground beneath her main supporting foot slowly cracked under the increasing pressure, she said coldly:

"Regardless of whatever hidden methods you used to defeat Jennan, a victory is a victory. Our asura race has so much pride. Therefore, I will give you the honor of knowing the name of the person who will end your life. Glineira, First Commander in control of the Imperial Army Troop and the only wife of the current Emperor Thannath!"

Bai Zemin's lips slowly curved upward and as he gave Glineira a pitiful look, he muttered under his breath, "Hidden methods...? Hehe... Good... Let me show you the 'hidden methods' I used to end the life of that dog named Jennan then."

His right hand slowly moved to his back and his grip tightened firmly on the hilt of the greatsword that had so far stayed silent.

In a confrontation of this magnitude, Bai Zemin did not dare to act too rampant even under the passive effect 'God of War's Possession' and except for certain things he realized that in the battle that was about to break out he would very possibly be forced to use at least 90% of his saved trump cards.

Although he hadn't expected to need to use the power of the greatsword so soon, he was extremely glad that he had spent some extra time in his workshop hammering around.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3