Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Even if Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue were unaware that they were both invaders from another world who had crossed a spatial rift to make a counter invasion and to force the original attacker to close the rift, just the evil aura that the pressure of the approaching stranger released was enough to make it clear that it had no good intentions nor did it intend to say hi.

"What... Why does the enemy's aura seem to be charged with hatred?" Shangguan Bing Xue.

She didn't realize when or how, but at some point, she had taken a step back and stood behind Bai Zemin. It was as if she could only depend on him.

But in fact, even Bai Zemin was having difficulty standing his ground. Not only was his body riddled with wounds, but the enemy's aura had reached a level unfathomable to him.

"You ask why that man's aura seems to be fused with hatred?" Bai Zemin chuckled coldly and took a step forward as he said in a mocking tone of voice, "How could he not be furious after what I did?"

"That man? Who is this 'that man' you speak of?" She asked while feeling a bad premonition.

Bai Zemin turned slightly and looked over his shoulder at her. A strange glint flashed in his gaze as he slowly said word by word, "The approaching existence is the most powerful asura and probably one of the most powerful existences in this world; the emperor and ruler of this entire race!"

"Emperor..." Shangguan Bing Xue whispered what she had just heard and an idea that she didn't even want to think about popped into her head. She looked at Bai Zemin and for the first time, she asked, "You... What did you do...? That battle from before...?"

Shangguan Bing Xue had always wanted to ask Bai Zemin about the thunderous explosions she had been hearing from a distance for over two hours. It was just that she hadn't wanted to broach the matter any more than necessary.

However, given the current circumstances, there was no room for Shangguan Bing Xue to want to hold back regarding questions.

"What did I do, you ask..." Bai Zemin looked deeply at her for a moment before looking straight ahead and saying quietly, "I'm afraid if I tell you everything, you might get scared. I will only tell you that the wife of the emperor of this world was killed by me in that city I found north of here."

Bai Zemin had slaughtered over 4,000,000 lives in that city. Among those killed by him were little kids, little girls, old people, women, young men, etc.

The current relationship between Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue was very good. Bai Zemin trusted her practically completely not only as far as the faction's governance was concerned but also on the battlefield; she was a trustworthy warrior whom he could trust his back to on most occasions.

What Bai Zemin least wanted was for her to change her attitude towards him because of what he had just done. After all, if not for the Stone Heart skill, even someone as decisive as Bai Zemin wouldn't necessarily dare to cause a carnage of such magnitude.

It had only been two months since the apocalypse began; Two months since the Soul Record appeared on Earth and changed the lives of mankind; However, in just two months, Bai Zemin had wiped out the lives of millions; even if the asuras were not 100% like Earth humans, the physical and internal difference was perfectly ignorable!

Shangguan Bing Xue ignored the fact that Bai Zemin had just told her that not long ago he murdered the wife of the emperor of this world. She even disregarded the fact that she had just learned the reason why the emperor approaching them was filled with hatred and anger.

What struck her most were the words of Bai Zemin.

'I'm afraid if I tell you everything, you might get scared.' These words stuck in her head and as she looked at his back, her eyes flashed with complicated light.

For someone like Bai Zemin to say such words, probably what he was forced to do to force the other party to close the rift had been an extremely cruel task that had probably left some burden in his heart.

In fact, when she looked back and saw how the spatial rift had shrunk into a door about two meters high and five meters wide, she knew that the goal for which they had come to this world was almost done.

Shangguan Bing Xue gradually began to understand the reason why Wu Yijun worked hard day after day. She finally began to realize why her good sister always said that she wanted to be as much help to him as possible. In addition, Shangguan Bing Xue also realized that there was probably something she didn't know about Bai Zemin that Wu Yijun did.

While Shangguan Bing Xue was lost in her thoughts looking at Bai Zemin's back with complex eyes. his voice brought her back to reality:

"Bing Xue, I will prepare my most powerful attack so step back."

"Your most powerful attack? You mean that blood spear with fire from before?" She looked at him worriedly, still remembering the terror that attack meant.

"I'm afraid it won't be so simple this time." Bai Zemin said in an extremely serious voice. "This will be the first time I've attempted something like this, and to be honest, I'm not sure of the results. Therefore, do as I told you and be prepared to erect a barrier when I tell you to."

A new experiment? One more terrifying than the ones before? Shangguan Bing Xue's face grew even paler than it already was when she heard Bai Zemin's words.

Hadn't she witnessed several of his bizarre experiments to date? She quickly retreated until she reached a distance so close to the rift that she could feel the Earth's mana reaching the Oblon world.

Shangguan Bing Xue's eyes flashed uncannily and she unconsciously looked up at the artificial object glowing high in the sky.

Just as a thought was about to be born in her, Bai Zemin began to move so her attention was immediately drawn to it.

Bai Zemin activated the skill Crimson Blood Judgment and at the same time activated Blood Manipulation.

The pearl which at this point was filled with blood, meaning it contained 500,000 liters inside, flew out and floated in front of him. As it received a surge of mana, blood began to gush out from within and as if a giant hole had appeared in the void, wave after wave of blood floated into the sky.

Bai Zemin had used practically none of his Mana in his battle against Glineira so except for the end, he had used no active skills and had relied fully on his passives and stats as well as his treasures. So, his reserves were almost completely full at this point.

With his eyes closed, he imagined a giant blood trident; the largest he had created to date using his Blood Manipulation skill.

Every line, every trace, every detail was projected into his mind and he projected that onto the blood that was slowly beginning to mold itself to his liking in the skies.

100 meters... 200 meters... 300 meters... 400 meters...

The blood trident continued to grow with no apparent end to the sight.

Bai Zemin's face gradually grew paler and paler as his Mana was rapidly drained. But through it all, he endured as the best of the best; not only was he enduring the mental exhaustion, the pain he felt throughout his body after taking dozens of terrifying attacks, but he was also fighting the desire to fall unconscious to finally rest.

How many could do that? If Bai Zemin was a monster who had lived for several centuries or perhaps a few millennia, then it wouldn't be so surprising. But for a young man who a little over 60 days ago was nothing more than a normal student working in a mechanic and blacksmith shop; he was truly amazing.

The trident finally stopped expanding when Bai Zemin thought it was enough.

"900 meters...." He muttered under his breath. A glint of cunning shone in his midnight-black eyes as he whispered in a voice only he could hear, "To use a weapon nearly a kilometer long and over fifty meters wide just to hide something.... I wonder where the hell all these crazy ideas I come up with come from."

Then, under Shangguan Bing Xue's stupefied eyes, Bai Zemin tightly gripped the hilt of his Crimson Thunder Dragon's Last Words using both hands and with a deep growl similar to that of a beast about to attack sent the greatsword flying into the sky.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!....

Even if it was only air, wherever the greatsword passed by, the sound of bangs similar to the explosions of several grenades at the same time resounded everywhere.

A relatively small hand compared to the enormous size of the blood trident came out from the bottom of the red weapon and clung to the handle of the rising greatsword. Then, the large blood hand ascended again and a second later disappeared.

Of course, the Crimson Thunder Dragon's Last Words that Bai Zemin had just launched into the sky also disappeared inside the giant blood trident.

"Little Fire, go!" Bai Zemin shouted and pointed towards the sky with his right hand.

Bang!

A blaze of deep blue burning fire similar to the flames of the underworld shot out from his hand and flew into the sky as if a dragon was casting its breath.

The crimson-tinted sky due to the artificial glow illuminating the world and as a consequence of the high temperatures of the clouds floating silently there suddenly seemed to be tinged with blue as the Endless Blue Lotus Flame slowly but surely began to envelop the entire blood trident.

In no time at all, the once red trident had turned completely deep blue.

The surrounding temperature had reached such a high point that even when the giant trident was over 2 kilometers high the scorched grass began to slowly catch fire.

As she looked up at the sky with her head tilted upwards, Shangguan Bing Xue's silver hair took on a bright blue shimmer while the silhouette of the trident surrounded by flames was reflected in her beautiful eyes; eyes that were wide open staring in shock at the scene before her. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

But Bai Zemin was not finished yet.... He still had one last step to complete before his attack were ready to be launched.

"Unfortunately, I have to wait a bit or that thing will take all my Mana." He muttered with a slight smile on his face as he finally spotted the silhouette of someone flying in his direction at lightning speed.

It was really hard to stay steady on his feet. Especially with him bearing practically all the pressure from the other party.

Approximately 10 seconds later, an extremely handsome and dignified looking man appeared floating above the skies.

It was Emperor Thannath.

The proud emperor naturally sensed the power of the Third Order flame in the skies, however, in his eyes, the power of a Third Order flame was not enough to fear. Moreover, his anger towards the two people before him did not allow him to divert too much of his attention.

The swirling wind slowly receded and with a gentle swing of his magic staff, Thannath began to descend until his feet finally touched the ground.

Standing 2000 meters away, he observed the young man in front of him for several seconds.

Finally, the mighty emperor of the Fourth Order opened his mouth and said casually:

"Are you the one who ended the life of this emperor's wife?"

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3