Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

If Bai Zemin had to describe the man who had just appeared in front of him as if he were the god of the world in a single word, then perhaps only the word mountain would be the most accurate for such a description.

A mountain because of his immensity.

A mountain because of how imposing he looked.

A mountain because of the overwhelming power that his body exuded.

Finally, Bai Zemin felt as if a mountain was constantly pressing his body down.

There was no doubt that Lilith was the most mysterious and powerful existence that Bai Zemin had met to this day. It was just that her powers and control over her own strength had reached an unfathomable realm that Bai Zemin could not imagine so he could not even feel an ounce of how terrifying she really was.

Therefore, the aura and pressure Bai Zemin was feeling from the body of the man in front of him were without a doubt the most terrifying he had ever felt.

Bai Zemin really felt like a small wooden boat in the middle of the raging sea waiting to be devoured by the mighty waves.

The difference in Soul Power between Bai Zemin and the emperor was so great that even though the former's Soul Power was a lot purer compared to the latter's Soul Power; it was of no use; the difference in levels was simply too high and as if that wasn't enough the fact that Emperor Thannath managed to break into the Fourth Order meant that he was a genius among geniuses. In short, Emperor Thannath was also a being who had absorbed many stats from powerful existences after devouring Soul Stones.

Since the difference in levels between each Order increased as one climbed from Order to Order, the difficulty of fighting beings of an Order above one naturally also increased exponentially not to mention a special case like Bai Zemin's where he was facing a being that outclassed him by more than three whole Orders! Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

The mere fact that Bai Zemin managed to stand his ground and not fall to his knees while withstanding the pressure of the being in front of him while simultaneously safeguarding Shangguan Bing Xue behind him from the emperor's aura was already a jaw-dropping feat for countless others.

While Bai Zemin was sizing up the emperor, the emperor also seemed to be doing the same with him.

After several seconds that seemed like an eternity, a deep and majestic voice reached Bai Zemin like a thunderclap:

"Are you the one who ended the life of this emperor's wife?"

Bai Zemin raised his head and looked the emperor straight in the eyes without fear. With his back straight as a spear, he did not hesitate in replying:

"I wonder who is your wife? I killed many people today."

The emperor did not seem angry at all, his expression at least did not change. However, to people like Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue who were extremely sensitive to murderous intent after taking the lives of so many beings, it was clear that the man was far from happy.

"This emperor must admit that he is surprised as this emperor did not expect to one day meet not just one, but two incredible talents like both of you." Emperor Thannath didn't seem to want to continue with the previous matter and instead looked at Bai Zemin as he calmly said, "As far as this emperor can tell, both of you are existences whose power scale should be First Order level 50 as far as the Soul Record is concerned.... In addition, judging by how you are protecting the lady back there, this emperor dares to assume that the one who destroyed Black Forest City was you, isn't it?"

Bai Zemin looked over his shoulder back to see what kind of expression Shangguan Bing Xue put on after hearing that he had destroyed an entire city, and thus, slaughtered everyone inside. However, a small smile formed on his face when he saw that she was looking at him without any prejudice.

Bai Zemin was that kind of person; he was someone cold and difficult to get close to, but once someone managed to get a small place in his heart, he would immediately begin to care about simple things like that person's opinion of him.

"It was me," he said after looking back at the emperor. "It was also me who murdered a dude named Jennan and a woman named Glineira."

For the first time since the emperor arrived, Bai Zemin saw the man's pupils tremble weakly.

He seemed oblivious to this and as he looked at the emperor he asked in an innocent voice, "Could it be that your wife was this woman named Glineira?"

The emperor's face darkened slightly. But he still stood by without saying anything.

Bai Zemin took advantage of the emperor's silence and checked his Mana. After dawdling for a while he realized that his previous 394 points had finally jumped to 407.

Now he could boost the power of the next magical attack he threw at an enemy x2.

"Your Majesty Emperor, how about we make a deal?" Bai Zemin smiled politely and nodded towards the man before him.

Emperor Thannath noticed that the huge trident of deep blue fire had risen into the sky until it reached over 8000 meters high and was barely visible from the ground. However, he didn't mind at all.

"A deal? You think such a thing is even possible?" Thannath asked as he waved his magic staff casually.

The mana stirred violently and a bright yellow magic circle appeared behind him.

The magic circle was over 4 kilometers in diameter so the end could not be seen. Countless strange engravings formed the circle and it was clear from the aura it released that the amount of mana expended to form it was not small at all.

Just as Bai Zemin wondered the reason why the emperor seemed in such a hurry, Shangguan Bing Xue's anxious voice came from behind him:

"Bai Zemin, the rift is closing!"

Bai Zemin did not respond with words and simply nodded without looking back to let her know that he understood the situation.

Now, he knew roughly why the emperor seemed in such a hurry to want to end their lives for if it were Bai Zemin in his place, what he would do would be to keep his wife's murderer alive and give him the worst possible torture instead of giving him a quick death.

Although this affected his original plans somewhat, Bai Zemin quickly adapted to the situation. Furthermore, having the knowledge that the spatial rift would shortly close on its own sent a great wave of relief to Bai Zemin's heart as considering his current state it was absolutely impossible for him to go through an intense battle like the one he had fought against Glineira several minutes ago; let alone an even more terrifying battle against the man in front of him who was clearly a lot more powerful than Glineira.

"My deal is simple." Bai Zemin continued at the same time as he activated the effect of the Mystic Earring.

The Blast Magic skill attached to the treasure immediately activated and Bai Zemin's Mana was almost completely drained in an instant. In return, however, the magic power surrounding the huge fire trident that was now more than 10 kilometers high increased to twice its previous level.

If the attack from before was already going to be horrendously powerful, then one could try to imagine how powerful it would be now!

"You, Your Majesty the Emperor, take a step back. At the same time, my teammate behind me and I will also take a step back." Bai Zemin slowly explained serenely as he pointed towards the sky.

The deep blue trident reacted immediately and pointed towards the ground; directly towards the emperor.

Of course, Emperor Thannath naturally sensed the trident's movements and the vast amounts of mana flowing out of Bai Zemin's body.

Although he was shocked by the fact that the magical power of the giant weapon above the clouds had grown so much in an instant, in the eyes of a Fourth Order existence the power of a Third Order magical attack was nothing but trash and considering that the magical power contained in the skill Crimson Blood Judgment at this moment was equivalent to the magical attack that a Third Order existence could launch, the emperor almost completely ignored such an attack.

"You want this emperor to take a step back after you destroyed one of the major cities of the Oblon world, assassinated two Supreme Commanders of the asura race among which was this emperor's wife? Warrior from another world, this emperor admits that you are powerful and talented. However, the current you is not in a position to offer deals, don't you think?"

The giant magic circle behind the emperor suddenly lit up. Bright yellow flames flickered around the magic circle and the magic power began to gather more and more, increasing the power of the attack that was about to be launched.

Bai Zemin had no way of estimating how destructive the emperor's attack would be if it landed on Earth. But he estimated that an entire country would probably be destroyed in an instant taking the lives of countless persons.

"Well, considering that it was the Oblon world and its residents who attacked my world, Earth, and endangered the lives of my subordinates and friends, I think we're square." Bai Zemin continued to try to reach a peaceful settlement.

The current him was considerably injured and even if his life was not in danger regarding his injuries, his battle power had fallen tremendously. In his current condition, Bai Zemin could at most wield his greatsword for 10 minutes even with the special option that the weapon possessed.

In short, the current him definitely could not put up a fight against the emperor of the asura race. The most he could do now was to launch his strongest attack and hope that the results would come out at least close to what he expected.

Were it not for the fact that Emperor Thannath was a mage and not a melee warrior, Bai Zemin might not have had the opportunity to be chatting quietly. After all, except for special skills, the movement speed of mages was generally much slower than that of warriors at the same level; this could be seen from the fact that it took the emperor several minutes to catch up with Bai Zemin after leaving the imperial castle which was relatively close to the destroyed city.

"Your race? Planet Earth?" Thannath sneered and for the first time, his expression changed to one of scorn as he said, "We, the asuras, have annihilated many intelligent races over the years. Do you think this emperor cares what may or may not happen to your little world? You should be glad to die quickly at the hands of this emperor. It is your honor."

Bai Zemin's eyes narrowed and a dangerous glint flashed in his gaze.

Under the effect of God of War's Will second activation, Bai Zemin had already been struggling to suppress his arrogance and pride. But the emperor's words touched his final nerve.

With his right arm extended upward and his palm pointed toward the sky, Bai Zemin looked at Emperor Thannath and said disdainfully, "Since it's like this, I hope you won't regret your words in a second."

Bai Zemin did not give the emperor time to reply or to scoff at his words. He abruptly lowered his hand toward the ground and shouted loudly:

"Gravity Manipulation x15!"

Rumble...

The giant trident surrounded by deep blue fire, the weapon Bai Zemin had decided to use for the activation of Crimson Blood Judgment, began to fall from the sky at a speed that seemed slow at first glance. However, every small inch that the trident advanced from the sky towards the earth caused a deep rumble to echo farther and farther away.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3