Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Fire Sorrow was known as the most powerful mage of the entire Demonic Army and among the other seven factions she was secretly called Inferno Calamity due to the destructiveness of her magical spells.

There were many times in which the Demonic Army managed to take control of different worlds that had entered the corresponding evolutionary stage and thus obtain vast quantities of resources thanks to the unmatched magical power of Fire Sorrow.

Lilith could never forget how in her first and so far only war in which she participated after joining the Demonic Army, Fire Sorrow's magical spells wiped out waves of enemies. Each swing of her magic staff was as if the ruler of the universe was deciding who lived and who died as the Higher Existences of the opposing side fell like flies before the power of the blazing flares.

Fire Sorrow was a beautiful woman with countless admirers and it was even rumored that Lucifer himself once tried to court her but was rejected. Her personality was warm and her disposition very kind but at the same time she was very conservative with her always calm and demure smile.

Then, when those present saw that Fire Sorrow lose control of herself in such a way that she even launched herself into the air as if she wanted to prevent the faction leader from escaping after he told the news about Sirius' constellation, they all felt incredulous.

While everyone was watching from the sides with wide eyes, Lucifer looked at Fire Sorrow with complicated eyes. After several seconds of silence, he sighed and nodded as he said, "Indeed. If what happened 15 years ago was a coincidence, then what happened a few hours ago can only be the confirmation of this fact.... The constellation containing the remnant power of the Heavenly Wolf Sirius really is awakening or maybe reacting to something."

Fire Sorrow's pupils contracted slightly and her feet that rested on the void wavered as she stepped back as if she had received a great shock. While clinging to the huge magic staff with her right hand as if she never wanted to let it go, she brought her left hand covered by silk gloves to her mouth and covered her lips in a manner similar to a person who had just received the greatest news in the world. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Seeing the always calm and composed Fire Sorrow acting like this, murmurs began to spread rapidly.

Valiant, a powerful physical combat warrior whose power was worthy of a 7th Order existence and one of the most powerful generals in the entire Demonic Army, frowned slightly for a second before her stoic expression once again ruled over her face.

Even the always noisy Hellscar seemed to realize that things were a bit out of the norm as while he looked left and right as if trying to find the answer in the air, he didn't start shouting as he always did normally.

As Lilith frowned slightly not only at the strange behavior of the powerful Seventh Order mage but also at how worried she was about that young man who was still on Earth, a magnetic and enchanting voice sounded next to her:

"Curious about Fire Sorrow and her attitude?"

Lilith didn't even turn her face to look at the person who had just stood next to her as just hearing that disgusting voice the figure of someone she was slowly beginning to detest shimmered in her memories.

Crow shrugged at Lilith's cold shoulder demeanor, he was used to being ignored by now. With a slight smile on his face, he looked at the seductive curves of Fire Sorrow's body with a strange glint in his eyes and narrated in a whispering voice:

"As far as I know, Fire Sorrow and His Majesty Lucifer have known each other since they were both Lower Existences. Although these are just rumors, there is enough interesting evidence that reveals that Fire Sorrow and His Majesty Lucifer are beings who belonged to the same world in the past and probably experienced many things together. I'm sure that Fire Sorrow's strange attitude and the serious behavior of His Majesty who always loves to sleep has something to do with the past of both of them."

Lilith frowned slightly as she listened to Crow speak. Even though she really disliked and despised this man's constant hovering around her like an annoying fly, Lilith couldn't pass up the opportunity to gain important information; no matter how small it might be, even if it was just theories or rumors, theories and rumors usually always had some truth in them.

Moreover, since the quiz of the question involved the constellation of the Heavenly Wolf Sirius that also seemed to have something to do with Bai Zemin, Lilith could not let this opportunity pass her by even more. So, while she ignored the displeasure in her heart, she tried to ask in a normal voice:

"Oh? But even then, what does His Majesty and Fire Sorrow have to do with the constellation left behind by the will of the Heavenly Wolf Sirius?"

Crow's eyes lit up like beacons in the middle of the night as he received a reply from Lilith. This was possibly the first time he wasn't ignored so he hastily tried his luck:

"Lilith, are you interested in the constellation of the Heavenly Wolf Sirius? How about after this is all over we chat about it? I know a few things about that."

Lilith turned her face to look him in the face and disgust shone in her indifferent gaze as she said in a voice as cold as ice, "Forget it. I'll ask Fire Sorrow herself about it later."

The corner of Crow's mouth twitched a couple of times at the direct rejection and even though in his heart he was unhappy his expression remained smiling as always as he said quickly, "Well, don't get ahead of yourself.... To be honest, the matter is quite mysterious even to me who has been here almost since the beginning of the Demonic Army. However, I did once hear that Fire Sorrow seemed to be interested in the constellation left behind by this Heavenly Wolf Sirius almost to the point of insanity and obsession. As for the details, I'm afraid that only Fire Sorrow herself and perhaps His Majesty Lucifer would know."

Lilith's eyes flashed mysteriously and without a word she nodded slightly before sinking into her own thoughts.

Crow also did not continue to press the conversation any further. Being an existence that had lived hundreds of thousands of years, he had a lot of patience and knew how to deal with proud and cold women like Lilith; there were many beautiful women in the past who also behaved like her but didn't they all end up opening their legs in the end? Crow was so sure that this one would be no exception that a smirk grew on his face as he nodded to himself.

Lucifer waved his hand to the side and immediately a transparent barrier formed covering him and Fire Sorrow. Then, he began to say things that no one else could hear and even the movement of his lips was mysterious since after reading them all the others got were meaningless words.

At first, Fire Sorrow seemed quite agitated and they all could even see from her expressions that she was not too pleased with what Lucifer was saying to her.... In fact, she even dared to show that kind of expression to the leader of the faction she belonged to and was bold enough to retort him in return as from outside the barrier everyone could see that she seemed to be shouting something at him.

Time passed quickly and in an instant ten minutes turned into over thirty.

Lucifer seemed to be extremely patient with Fire Sorrow. Regardless of how crazy she seemed, he always responded calmly and even though his voice could not be heard by those outside the magical barrier he had erected, all of them could tell that the tone of his voice had not changed from beginning to end.

After thirty minutes, Fire Sorrow seemed to slowly begin to calm down as even though the hand with which she held her magic staff clenched tightly, she finally nodded as if understanding something.

They all saw the helpless smile on the face of the ever lazy Lucifer and after gently touching her shoulder not as a leader but as an old friend, he simply withdrew the barrier and said serenely:

"All right, let's get moving. I'm sure the others must have already finished their preparations as well."

All the Higher Existences in the place looked at each other with helplessness shining in their eyes.

One of them, a beautiful woman with bunny ears, whispered a little wordlessly, "They might have finished their preparations but we only know that Sirius shined again."

"PAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!" Hellscar burst out laughing and without finesse slapped the rabbit-eared woman's back as if she were his drinking buddy. His voice boomed all over the place as he shouted loudly, "Preparations are for the weak! We, the Demonic Army, are the most powerful faction! Even if those seven infant kindergartens unite against us they will never be able to defeat their parents!"

Valiant gave him a sidelong glance and after looking straight ahead again said in a flat voice:

"Idiot."

Lucifer clapped his hands and said in a strangely energetic voice, "All right, everybody shut your mouths. We're moving!"

Then, without waiting for anyone's response, the leader of the Demonic Army turned and pointed toward the dark sky of the Kram World with his right hand.

The black clouds began to move strangely and in an instant began to swirl. The clouds swirled rapidly until all the clouds in the sky joined together to form a huge deep black eye that seemed to look down from the heavens as the wind howled causing everyone's hair to shake violently.

Lilith's pupils contracted to the size of a needle as this was the first time she had seen a magical spell at such magnitude. Just then, a breeze containing the floral essence of spring stopped next to her followed by Fire Sorrow's slightly encouraging voice:

"This is His Majesty's magic. Even though Lucifer may seem like a lazy never-worker, it's not for nothing that he's one of the most powerful beings in the history of the universe."

Lilith asked confused but at the same time surprised, "Isn't this the power of a Firmament Fragment? This is the magic of him?"

"This magic spell was studied by His Majesty together with an old friend for hundreds of thousands of years. Unfortunately, even with His Majesty's talent, it was not possible to learn the original spell so he simply decided to modify it to suit him better. In the end, the name this spell was given resulted in something quite interesting." Fire Sorrow explained in a nostalgic voice.

Just as Lilith was about to say something, Lucifer's voice echoed amidst the purple lightning in the sky:

"Your eyes will never find limitations as you can see beyond just as my footsteps will never find impediments as every barrier I can transverse."

"Unbounded Heaven-Earth Gate!"

Rumble...

The atmosphere rumbled for several seconds as the lightning crackled. Finally, the lightning coalesced in the center of the eye, and with a powerful boom that shook the castle walls, the lightning scattered through the eye of the storm.

Those who for the first time saw Lucifer use this magical spell watched in disbelief as the brilliant white-colored light illuminated in the center of the black eye formed by the swirling clouds.

"Move!" Lucifer commanded before launching himself skyward without waiting for anyone.

Fire Sorrow was the second to launch herself skyward at lightning speed. She turned into a purple lightning bolt following close behind Lucifer and in an instant, they both disappeared beyond the magical portal.

Lilith momentarily exchanged glances with the Seventh Order existences in the place and as if by prior agreement they all launched into the sky at the same time.

The other Higher Existences of Fifth and Sixth Order were not far behind either as they followed closely behind the stronger ones like soldiers following the experienced veterans across the battlefield.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!....

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!....

...

As if they were an army of locusts moving for a single purpose and with a single common goal, hundreds of thousands of Higher Existences broke through the wind and pierced through the portal swirling in the skies above the headquarters of the Demonic Army.

The swirling clouds in the skies extended far beyond the grounds occupied by the castle. The bright light inside partially illuminated the surrounding land as each member of the Demonic Army passed through and disappeared the next instant.

Swoosh!

The last existence finally passed through the portal and as if they had a mind of their own the swirling clouds burst forth along with the white light, spreading across the sky of the Kram World again.

Seconds later, calm was once again the ruler of the world.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3