Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 479 - Army Of Heaven: God, Uriel, Michael

Nearly eight million Higher Existences suddenly came face to face. This type of situation was extremely rare and the number of times the eight factions of Higher Existences had met in this manner either by coincidence or due to important events that warranted the movement of such influential figures was relatively few when compared to the ages of the younger ones present, let alone the older ones.

But even though the number of times these sights occurred was relatively few, none of those present had an expression of surprise on their face at the sudden appearance of so many beings.

Coincidence or not, time seemed to be timed to perfection as after the arrival of the Demonic Army, the other seven factions arrived almost at the same time through different means.

While they all looked at each other warily for obvious reasons, there were some factions that hated each other more than others.

For example, when the faction known as Immortal Bloodlust suddenly came face to face with the Heavenly Moon Army, sparks flew automatically from the eyes of each member, and had the leaders of the respective factions not given the order it was clear that neither would have hesitated to jump in and bite the other.

On the other hand, when the faction under the name Dragon God Kingdom faced the appearance of the faction called Endless Crimson Flame which altered the records engraved on the souls of its members so that all of them could become beautiful legendary birds, the dragons and the Phoenixes seemed to find their natural enemies in each other while observing each other in detail.

At the same time, when the Army of Heaven found that the Demonic Army was present, the ever pure angels immediately seemed to receive some sort of urge as they all conjured spears, swords, bows, and all manner of light weapons while barely containing the impulse to charge forward.

Curiously and coincidence or not, the current situation was quite in keeping with the legends known and told over the years that had circulated the Earth since immemorial times: vampires and wolves hated each other, dragons and phoenixes vied for supremacy of the skies, angels and demons detested each other at first sight.

"Damn white pigeons, what the hell are you looking at?!" Hellscar was the one who broke the silence. The mighty general of the Demonic Army took a step forward and the aura of a Seventh Order existence burst uncontrollably out of his body.

With the eyes of an enraged bull after seeing a red mantle, Hellscar looked in the direction of where the Army of Heaven stood and roared, "If you want to fight so badly then come the fuck on! Forget about now that you are weak as an ant, even at your best you would take a beating if it weren't for His Majesty Lucifer always forcing us to restrain ourselves!"

The aura of a Seventh Order existence was beyond what Fifth Order beings could withstand; more so when Hellscar was not holding back at all. Even proud Sixth Order existences that were practically at the top of the universe could only tremble as their souls shuddered within their fleshly bodies.

However, the Army of Heaven was not a faction that lacked talent at all.

A woman stepped forward and without saying a single word the aura of her body automatically created a swamp-like barrier that did not allow Hellscar's aura to continue to disturb those behind her.

This woman simply could not be accurately described as possibly every word would be lacking to describe her beauty. Her long, pure gold-colored hair fell like a waterfall all the way down her lower back while two beautiful braids adorned her head in the form of a crown. 

The gold-colored robe with white details that covered her body was loose enough to give her the appearance of a pure and holy nun but at the same time gave hints of the devilish curves that lurked underneath whenever she executed a movement. The sweet smile on her lovely face was so beautiful and warm that even the cruelest murderer in the world would melt with tenderness if they ever looked at her.

"It's been a while, Hellscar." The beautiful woman nodded politely and there was not the slightest hint of evil to be seen in her crystalline eyes. Her voice was so soft that everyone on the scene felt their bones soften as she slowly said, "I apologize if these little ones offended you."

Even when Hellscar was the one who started it all, this woman apologized without even blinking.

"Kek. It's you, witch..." Hellscar immediately felt like a chicken that had been caught by the neck as the woman before him apologized even though he knew that the blame for all of this was partially due to his temper.

However, Hellscar was already prepared and as if he had thought of something suddenly pointed behind him as he shouted, "Witch! Open your eyes wide and tell me if this woman isn't even more beautiful than you! PAHAHAHAHAHAHA! Your days as the most beautiful woman in the universe have come to an end right here and right now!"

Uriel followed the site Hellscar was pointing at with her glance and a flash of surprise momentarily shone in her beautiful eyes as she met a pair of ruby colored eyes whose charm and beauty did not lose in the least to her own.

"This beautiful lady... Could it be that your age really is this young...?" Uriel asked uncertainly as she looked at Lilith in surprise.

This was the first time Lilith had met Uriel and even though she had heard rumors of how beautiful the woman in front of her was, she never really paid attention to her. Even now, her expression was ice cold at Uriel's question as was her monotone voice as she replied:

"It is my pleasure to meet a legendary existence such as you, Miss Uriel."Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"The pleasure is all mine to meet such an outstanding talent as yourself." Uriel smiled sweetly and as her eyebrows curved into a crescent shape she said casually, "If you ever wish to dye your wings in white, the Army of Heaven will always welcome you."

"Thanks for the offer, but I like where I am at the moment." Lilith tactfully declined.

Uriel simply smiled back and nodded without much concern.

Everyone's eyes were on Lilith as this was the second time she had appeared before other Higher Existences. The first time had been in a war against the Army of Evolution, but except for them, she was unknown to all other factions.

Such an amazing talent that in less than 100 years had reached the Sixth Order... It was possibly the first time they had heard and seen something so crazy.

So much so that Uriel, a Seventh Order existence and one of the most powerful archangels in heaven, couldn't help but be tempted to reach out.

Fire Sorrow noticed that Lilith was getting unwanted attention and a lot of evil eyes; something that was completely normal. She silently cursed Hellscar for being such an idiot and as she took a step forward she swung her magic staff at his head.

Bang!

"Argh!! WHO?!" Hellscar turned around in a rage.

"Some problem, ape?" Fire Sorrow looked at him with narrowed eyes and folded her arms.

"Oh... Oh! Fire Sorrow..." Hellscar coughed and immediately calmed down.

"Hmph! Step aside and behave yourself if you don't want me to tell His Majesty to lock you up like last time." Fire Sorrow threatened.

Hellscar nodded obediently as if he were a chicken pecking at rice and didn't dare say anything in the face of such a threat.

Last time, Hellscar had angered Lucifer and was locked in a different space for 5 years. Although 5 years was nothing to Hellscar, the problem was that during those 5 years he couldn't fight against anyone powerful! For someone like him who loved war, 5 years without being able to use his fists for anything had been the highest level of torture possible and he never wanted to experience anything like that again.

Fire Sorrow took charge of the situation and looked at Uriel with a bitter smile:

"Uriel, it's been a while."

"... It has been a while, indeed," Uriel replied as a deep sigh that no one but a few could understand left her lips. It was as if that sigh held a great amount of weight to her even though to many it was just a normal sigh.

Suddenly, the man leading the Army of Heaven stepped forward and said in a soft, warm voice:

"Uriel, thank you but let me take it from here."

Uriel bowed respectfully and stepped back after nodding to Fire Sorrow imperceptibly.

This man, the God known by what was related in the bible written on Earth and what the priests of the church professed, the existence whose religion was undoubtedly the greatest on the blue planet located in the galaxy known as the Milky Way, slowly advanced towards the Demonic Army.

Everyone immediately tensed while Valiant narrowed her eyes dangerously. 

It wasn't just Valiant, almost all the Seventh Order existences of the Demonic Army stepped forward. However, just when everyone thought a battle would break out soon, Fire Sorrow shook her head at them and without saying anything moved out of the way to let the man who had four pairs of angel wings behind his back move forward.

The man known by the humans not only from Earth but also from many other worlds as God stopped only when he was a couple of meters away from the helpless sleeping Lucifer. His eyes flashed with complex light and while everyone kept silent he watched the man in front of him for a long time.

Suddenly, Lucifer's nose began to twitch strangely and like a baby puppy sniffing for the first time the world before it, it shuddered several times.

The face of the leader of the Demonic Army wrinkled and his eyes slowly widened as he growled in a whining voice:

"Ugh.... Holy shit.... Hellscar, how many times must I tell you not to fart around me?"

"..."

The faces of the angels of the Army of Heaven turned black as Lucifer's words spread far and wide several kilometers with him as the center.

The other factions that seemed to have their own problems also focused on that area as it seemed that something good might happen soon.

Even Lilith was dumbfounded and looked at Lucifer as if she was looking at a strange creature.

He had just said that the God of the Heavens smelled like a fart? Regardless of whether Lucifer didn't notice or whether he did it on purpose, what mattered was what his words expressed!

"PAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!" Hellscar seemed to forget Fire Sorrow's threat in an instant and as if something suddenly broke inside him, he began to laugh like there was no tomorrow.

The rest of the Demonic Army didn't take long to join in the fun Hellscar was having either as if by prior agreement they all started laughing loudly while pointing at the angels and whispering things in between tears and laughter.

"How dare you!" 

A pillar of blazing fire suddenly shot up into the skies as a bellow filled with righteous anger and indignation echoed in the midst of the void.

Within the flames, the silhouette of a man with three pairs of white wings behind his back could be faintly made out. This man was wearing a completely golden armor and in his right hand was a magnificent red spear covered with magical runes.

Crow, who had also joined in the fun and was laughing loudly, narrowed his eyes and slowly stopped laughing as he took a step forward.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Three pairs of long, fleshy wings similar to the wings of a dragon came out of his back as the already dark space around him became even darker.

"Old pigeon by the name of Michael.... Could it be that after not fighting for over 2000 years your skin itches?" Crow challenged as his aura blasted outward.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3