Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Fire Sorrow floated gently and stopped next to Lilith.

"Confused?" The beautiful violet-haired mage asked.

Lilith shrugged and said casually, "Unfortunately or not, I do not possess magic that allows me to read the thoughts of others."

Fire Sorrow chuckled and nodded, "Our leader is a bit forgetful at times.... I have to admit that our faction isn't the most organized by any means."

Lilith shook her head without commenting on the matter. Although the Demonic Army was indeed quite disorganized, that disorganization was what made it easier for Lilith to move around and do many things with greater freedom that in other factions would have been impossible.

"Don't worry. Just transmit all the Mana you can to me and everything will be fine." Fire Sorrow pointed out with a small smile. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Lilith thought she saw a hint of pain in her eyes but it was all so quick that it seemed like an illusion of her own. In the end, she simply nodded and remained silent as she waited to see what everyone planned to do.

Soon, Lethar of the Heavenly Moon Army, Salazar of the Evolution Army, Long Tian of the Dragon God Realm, Nikolay of Immortal Bloodlust, Medes of the Army of Heaven, Star Devourer leader and sole present member of the faction under the name Devourer and Destroyers, and Eternal Phoenix of Endless Crimson Flame; seven of the eight leaders of the eight factions of Higher Existences walked up toward Sirius' constellation in silence.

Lucifer and Fire Sorrow exchanged glances before the latter walked to the center with the seven leaders.

She was the only one not leading a faction and the only Seventh Order existence there.

When Lilith was confused again, Luciah gave her a sidelong glance before turning her gaze forward and slowly saying:

"Even though Fire Sorrow is weaker than Lucifer, her mana-driven magic spells are more powerful than any of us here and are comparable to two attacks from an Eighth Order existence at the same time."

Fire Sorrow was truly a brilliant talent for magic. Her physical capabilities might not be anything out of this world, but if magic was what it was all about, then she was without a doubt the most powerful mage among the Seventh Order existences!

Lilith's eyes glinted with comprehension. She looked at Luciah and asked with a frown:

"We will attack the constellation?"

"Correct." This time it was Valiant who answered. "Whenever a constellation shows signs of awakening, the process can be accelerated by weakening the energy with powerful attacks. Fifteen years ago, the eight major factions tried to do the same with the constellation of the Heavenly Wolf Sirius, but in the end, several thousand Fifth Order High Existences and even three Sixth Order High Existences perished after being hit by an unexpected counterattack."

Wasn't it suicide what they were about to do then? Lilith was dumbfounded.

But as if she could understand what she was thinking, Luciah explained, "So, they all came to a tactical agreement. Since Sirius was one of the most powerful beings in the cosmos, its constellation also cannot be taken lightly like the rest of the constellations. Therefore, only one attack will be made in synchrony. After that, regardless of the results, no one will attack again to avoid unnecessary casualties."

Now everything was clear to Lilith.

If the energy contained in the Firmament Fragment that powered the entire constellation was depleted for an instant, then everyone would take that opportunity to get into the separate space. On the other hand, if they failed, they would simply return the way they came.

If they succeeded then the bravest of the eight factions could try their luck and perhaps obtain one of the most powerful Firmament Fragments in the cosmos. If they failed, they would only have wasted a bit of time and that was all.

The seven leaders looked at each other and exchanged glances with Fire Sorrow as if to check that they were all ready.

Seeing them all nod, Lucifer ordered, "Let's begin!"

The eight factions of Higher Existences immediately began to move.

The hundreds of thousands of beings whose scale of power ranged from Fifth Order to Seventh Order began to circulate the mana within their bodies before expelling it outward.

Far from being wasted, all that mana was absorbed by a small rock that each of the eight people closest to the Sirius' constellation held in their hands. This was a high-ranked Mana Stone, a treasure that possessed the ability to store vast quantities of mana for a short period of time and then expel that mana all at once in a specific direction.

The Mana Stone in Fire Sorrow's hands began to glow brighter and brighter as it absorbed more and more mana from the members of the Demonic Army. She felt the warmth of the rock in her hands and slowly closed her eyes as her violet lips began to move and whispers escaped from inside her mouth carrying strange syllables.

The seconds passed quickly and from seconds they turned into minutes.

Eight enormous waves of mana had formed and the density of magical power surrounding the area was so great that even with the naked eye those present could make out how the space was constantly undulating as if something invisible wanted to reveal itself to the world.

After approximately three minutes had passed, the Fifth Order existences of the eight factions slowly began to exceed the threshold of half of their Mana reserves lost so that as if by prior agreement they all stopped almost at the same time. Although at this moment all the factions might be working as a team to achieve an end, once this was all over regardless of the outcome, they would each have to protect themselves against the other so losing all the mana here was not an option at all.

Approximately five or six minutes later, all of the Sixth Order except Lilith had lost more than half of their Mana so they also stopped and started drinking potions to recover faster from the loss.

About ten minutes later, the Seventh Order existences began to stop as well and ceased supplying mana to the Mana Stone.

Luciah looked at Lilith with a glint of surprise in her golden eyes. Although she had heard rumors that the Bloody Succubus possessed the ability to deal with a Seventh Order existence, Luciah naturally did not believe such a barbarity. However, now that she saw it with her own eyes, she couldn't help but feel respect and be filled with praise for the woman beside her.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

Eight giant magic circles appeared without warning in front of the eight people closest to the constellation.

Then, the seven leaders did not hesitate at all as they activated the magic contained by their respective magic circles.

Fire Sorrow hesitated for a brief moment before she did the same like the rest as she pointed the tip of her magic scepter to the front and said in a dignified voice:

"Heavenly Sorrow."

A huge black lightning flash with golden edges broke beyond the magic circle in front of Fire Sorrow and flew in the direction of the constellation of the Heavenly Wolf Sirius.

Space shattered into countless fragments just like a glass window being struck by a hammer.

Cracks spread everywhere and the chaotic power within threatened to devour everything. Even a Sixth Order existence without spatial knowledge would be torn apart on the spot if it fell into one of those cracks or if they were "lucky" they might be sent to who knows where!

Fire Sorrow's giant black lightning flash soon joined the other seven magical attacks and under the perfect control of each of the casters, the spells began to swiftly rotate around each other as they continued to advance at full speed. Soon, the speed at which the eight spells were spinning reached such a high point that all that could be seen was a sort of multicolored beam flying in the direction of the brightest star in the firmament.

This was an attack composed of seven Eighth Order existences and if one added Fire Sorrow's talent and high magical power to the equation along with the mana boost she received, it wouldn't be crazy to say that these eight attacks possessed the power of nine Eighth Order existences!

Lilith did not dare to blink as she watched in careful detail the scene unfolding before her eyes. This was an event that had possibly only happened a handful of times in history after all!

Just as the union of the eight casting magic spells approached, the main star of Sirius' constellation suddenly took on a bright crimson glow.

The whirlwind formed by the eight magic spells seemed to meet with an invisible barrier and before everyone could even react a colossal explosion occurred.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

The already existing spatial fissures suddenly flattened and dozens of Fifth Order existences were devoured by the chaotic space. The bodies of those unfortunate ones who were attracted by the spatial power exploded into bloody mists which soon disappeared into nothingness.

The entire universe seemed to light up when the eight magic spells exploded after hitting the invisible barrier and as the spatial cracks grew or were repaired, the energy of chaos and the mana of the universe engaged in their own fierce combat; one wanted to destroy while the other wanted to repair what was broken.

Fire Sorrow along with the seven leaders of the other factions was sent flying like a comet through the atmosphere after being hit by a shockwave already weakened after having traveled hundreds of light-years. However, had it not been for the fact that she was wearing a magical robe that contained several magic incantations and protective runes, it would have been impossible to get out of there unscathed.

The constant explosions continued for more than one hour.

The multicolored flashes of lightning along with tongues of giant flames spread everywhere, forcing everyone to retreat as no one wanted to be affected by something so dangerous.

After nearly two hours, space finally began to slowly recover as mana managed to defeat the chaotic energy that was leaking through the constantly repairing spatial fissures.

When the cloud of chaos finally settled completely, gasps of disbelief echoed throughout.

Lilith's eyes widened in shock.

Forget about forcing an entrance to the Sirius' constellation; the star that could be destroyed by her with a single attack had actually not even suffered a single scratch!

That had been an attack composed of the most powerful beings in the universe but the constellation of the Heavenly Wolf hadn't even suffered a bit!

".... How powerful was Sirius in the past?" Lilith couldn't help but whisper those words in shock.

If the remnant energy was already this strong, then how powerful was the existence known as Sirius to be able to scoff with just a hint of its already weakened power over the course of time the combined attack of the most powerful beings in the universe? How much power was needed to accomplish such a thing?

It was clear that Eighth Order was not possible. Ninth Order? Tenth Order? Lilith had never heard of such scales of power and as far as she understood the limit was the Eighth Order.

"Well, of course, this would happen." Lucifer shrugged and said lazily, "If it were that easy, then the name Sirius would become a joke. How could one of the most powerful beings in the history of the multiverses not be able to stop such an attack? Even if it's just a remnant though..."

Lilith's pupils contracted to the size of a needle when she heard words coming out of Lucifer's mouth that she did not expect to hear from anyone in this place.

However, soon a change happened that no one expected.

Long Tian, the leader of the Dragon God Kingdom, was being sent flying out of control like a kickball hit by a truck.

The proud man of the dragon race suddenly let out an enraged roar and his body lit up. Golden light enveloped him and in an instant, a giant dragon several kilometers tall with huge golden wings appeared in the sky.

Roar!

Long Tian in his dragon form roared in the direction of the constellation of the Heavenly Wolf and in a fit of rage flapped his wings as heat began to build up in his throat and dozens of magic circles appeared around him.

The expressions on the faces of Lucifer, Fire Sorrow, Luciah, Michael, Uriel, Gabriel, and a few others, changed tremendously as they realized what Long Tian wanted to do.

"This fucking dragon shit!" Lucifer cursed and quickly shouted, "Everyone, get away from here!"

At first, no one understood the reason why the always calm and lazy Lucifer would suddenly waste so much energy to shout. However, it all made sense when they noticed the silhouette of a giant wolf suddenly appear in the sky.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3