Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Long Tian was an existence that was only a little over 2,500,000 years old, which was quite short compared to the leaders of the other seven factions of Higher Existences; even some of the subordinates under his command were his elder in terms of age.

At birth, Long Tian was already a powerful peak Second Order dragon and it took him no more than a decade to fulfill his breakthrough quest to become the youngest Third Order dragon in the history of the dragon race.

To advance from the initial Third Order to the peak of the Third Order, Long Tian took approximately 200 years and finally took about half a century to complete the challenge that the Soul Record raised in order for him to continue advancing further.

From the initial Fourth Order to the peak of that same stage, Long Tian took about a thousand years and it was at this point that the talented and proud dragon met his first major obstacle.

Long Tian's life had always been smooth; his enemies were falling like flies, he had become the king and ruler of his race, he enjoyed the best beauties of the dragon race, etc. A life worthy of a king.

However, when he wanted to go beyond the Fourth Order, Long Tian encountered a big problem; a big problem which would take him about 1,000,000 years to overcome.

Although many times Long Tian was on the verge of giving up, the pride of the dragon race was very high, not to mention the pride of the highest talent in the history of the dragon race. Therefore, he persevered to the end.

Unwilling to bow his head to other beings more powerful than him who had kindly extended their hands inviting him to join their factions, Long Tian took advantage of the high life expectancy of dragons to accomplish what he once thought would be impossible.

Regardless of race, no existence outside the dragon race could live 1,000,000 years even if it reached the peak of the Fourth Order. However, as a dragon at the peak of the Fourth Order, Long Tian had a life expectancy as an ordinary being of over 2,000,000!

It was thanks to his genes as a natural dragon that he achieved what he did!

In the eyes of Long Tian, the powerful ruler of the Dragon God Realm, dragons were the supreme race and all other races should be vassals.

Therefore, after repeated failures in his attempt to break through the barrier protecting the constellation of Sirius, Long Tian was slowly starting to lose his patience. His obsession with the constellation of the Heavenly Wolf Sirius was no longer based on the power that lay within but was now based on being able to break through the defenses that had blocked his path over and over again!

Roar!

Long Tian transformed into his full dragon form and roared in the direction of the shining star that had been challenging his prestige time and time again.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! ....

Dozens of magic circles blazed around his body showing that dragons not only possessed powerful physical bodies but were also geniuses in the field of magic.

The mana inside Long Tian's body shuddered as the magical power that was contained within his body burst outward and with a mighty flapping of both giant wings the dragon whose size could be described as colossal charged in a straight line towards the constellation of Sirius.

The leader of the Dragon God Realm no longer cared about anything. His pride and self-confidence which had been severely shaken after repeated failures drove him to ignore practically everything around him and turning a deaf ear to what others might be telling him, he charged like an enraged bull who could only see his target and nothing but his target.

Suddenly, in the glowing reptile pupils of the dragon Long Tian, the blurred silhouette of a wolf was reflected.

Although the silhouette was blurred and seemed to disappear in the next second, the chilling look in those red pupils was real and deadly enough to make anyone's blood run cold.

Moreover; the otherworldly aura vibrating from the blurred wolf's silhouette was something that none of those present had ever felt.

However, blinded by rage as he was, Long Tian responded with a second roar before the magic circles around him were activated.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!....

Bright bolts of lightning and fiery flares erupted from the magic circles. Each magic spell cast by an Eighth Order existence, and a powerful dragon at that, possessed enough power to sink an entire continent of a normal world; not to mention several magic spells at the same time.

At the same time, Long Tian opened his maw wide and a bright yellow magic circle appeared right in front of his open mouth.

Roar!

Followed by a thunderous roar, a whirlwind of giant flames shot out from inside the giant dragon's body and the magic circle boosted the power of the dragon's breath as it glowed brightly.

The still weakened space shuddered and thin lines appeared wherever the magic spells and dragon's breath passed.

However, the silhouette of the wolf did not move from its position at all.

Just as everyone heeded Lucifer and moved as far away from the scene as possible, those who were looking back as they fled caught a glimpse of something that made their blood run cold.

The wolf's eyes glittered brightly and then it stood up on its hind legs. At the same time, the shadow extended its right claw forward seemingly in a slow and leisurely manner but in reality, the speed had surpassed what those present could comprehend.

Swoosh! Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

A small sphere the size of a glass marble appeared in the center of the claw and the suction force immediately caused the speed of all those fleeing to drop drastically.

Even space began to crack!

"Gravitational control magic?" Long Tian's surprised voice rang out amidst his efforts to fight against the suction force that was pulling him in more and more.

Gravity magic was extremely difficult to comprehend, more so than it might seem. Besides, only a handful of extremely lucky beings had managed to get their hands on a skill scroll since the requirements to obtain such a scroll were really high. After all, a scroll that immediately granted the possessor magic capable of controlling a certain element was among the most powerful among all the skill scrolls and at the same time the most coveted by the Higher Existences for obvious reasons.

"Holy crap! It's a black hole!" Lucifer cursed again and quickly erected a barrier in front of him and the rest of the Demonic Army.

The other leaders did the same as each of them erected magical barriers or used treasures to avoid being attracted by the gravitational force of the black hole under the control of the wolf's shadow.

Unfortunately, the Dragon God Realm troops were without their leader on this occasion so it was the Seventh Order existences who had to unite. Under the leadership of Doom Roar, the five existences of Seventh Order that formed the central columns of the Dragon God Realm transformed into giant dragons and erected several magical barriers barely resisting the force of gravity.

All the factions of Higher Existences were experiencing so much trouble and that was without them being the target of the wolf shadow!

"Argh!!!" Long Tian shrieked in pain as the veins in his body began to explode one after another as with all his might he tried to pull away.

No matter how many magic spells he used to attack, the wolf shadow simply negated them all using that little black hole. All the magic was being devoured and absorbed so easily it was hard to believe!

After several seconds, the shadow of Heavenly Wolf Sirius lowered its right claw and the black hole disappeared without a trace.

However, before everyone could feel relieved now that the colossal attraction force had disappeared, the wolf's eyes once again glittered brightly as the creature fell again onto its four legs.

The Sirius Heavenly Wolf's shadow suddenly raised its head to the sky and a howl filled with anger and pain created sound waves that caused the tympani of all Fifth Order existences to begin to bleed while normal Sixth Order existences felt the world around them begin to spin. Even the powerful Seventh Order existences were stunned for a brief moment before coming back to reality!

The problem was that when the Seventh Order beings among which Lilith was among them snapped back to their senses, the earliest information about the world they received was the shouts of the six leaders of Higher Existences:

"Watch out!"

"Idiot, behind you!"

...

The next thing they saw was how the silhouette of the ghost Heavenly Wolf Sirius materialized out of nowhere right behind the giant body of the dragon Long Tian.

Long Tian naturally felt the seemingly endless magical flow behind him and could also faintly hear the sound of lightning flashing in his surroundings.

"You are only a mere remnant of what you once were!"

A terrifying roar came from his mouth as without turning around he fiercely lashed out with his tail in a mighty swing capable of destroying everything in its path! Space itself shuddered fiercely at the power of the physical attack capable of altering the very laws themselves!

Slash!

The ghost of the Heavenly Wolf Sirius seemed oblivious to everything. In the face of the enemy attack, all it did was slash forward with its front claw.

A crimson crack appeared for an instant where the Heavenly Wolf's claw passed through. An instant later, a pain-filled roar resounded in the middle of outer space again.

The tail of the mighty dragon Long Tian, his pride and one of the most powerful weapons of the western dragons, was cut off as easily as a hot knife cutting through melted butter.

Golden blood spurted everywhere and the precious drops floated in the void next to the severed tail.

Lucifer's expression was pitch black as he turned around and commanded, "Everyone, come in!"

Then, the mighty 8th Order Lucifer waved his hand and began to use his knowledge of space magic in an attempt to create a separate realm momentarily while they waited for the disaster to pass.

The leaders of the other factions also seemed to have the same idea and the Seventh Order existences belonging to the Dragon God Realm joined together to accomplish the task.

However, just at that moment, the red eyes of the ghost belonging to the Heavenly Wolf Sirius glowed brightly and the space several kilometers around suddenly trembled for a second before everything returned to normal as if nothing had happened.

"Damn, I can't break through space!" Nikolay exclaimed in shock.

"Lucifer, that just now was Sirius' space magic, World Lock!" Fire Sorrow approached Lucifer and said with concern as she watched Long Tian's body slowly being torn apart.

She was worried not for the safety of the giant dragon that at this moment looked more like a toy dragon than a real one but because soon they might be next!

"Can any of you do anything about it?" Lilith asked with a serious voice and even a tinge of irritation. Her Firmament Fragment with sealing skills was recovering the energy she had consumed about a month and a half ago to destroy the Petra world.

As for her second Firmament Fragment, that one was out of the question. Even if she died, Lilith did not dare to use it here no matter what.

The problem was that she could not die! She still had to fulfill her goal, she wanted to go back to Earth and see that mischievous but righteous and brave young man, she wanted to get to know the person called Bai Zemin better; there were too many things she still needed to do and there was too much of a bright future ahead of her to allow herself to fall for someone else's stupid mistake!

Lucifer looked at Lilith and smiled bitterly as he said softly, "I say, miss.... Can't you see how that damn lizard with the last name Long is getting the beating of his life? Even though I honestly believe I'm stronger than him, Sirius' ghost will tear me apart in an instant if I attack it. As for the World Lock that the ghost just used to seal the space.... Forget it, there's no such thing as being able to break that lock."

If it was that easy to defeat, Sirius wouldn't have been able to overpower even the Soul Record. Even if it was just a remnant of its power, it wasn't something an Eighth Order existence could deal with.

Just as Lilith began to grow impatient, Lucifer suddenly seemed to have an idea and hurriedly looked at Fire Sorrow.

* * * * * * *

A/N:

1) Yesterday I saw two comments from privileged readers that honestly irritated me. I'll make it short here: if you have a problem with my writing, remember that you can stop reading this novel anytime you wish. No one is forcing you to stay.

2) Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3