Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Lucifer looked at Fire Sorrow with intensity, making the Seventh Order mage feel a little uncomfortable.

As Long Tian's roars of pain continued spreading throughout the universal area they were all in at the moment, a single second was as precious as gold to these Higher Existences who ironically didn't care about the time in the past.

Long Tian's dragon form had already lost its tail, one of the giant wings, and its scaly body was replete with bloody gashes and deep scratches that had easily pierced through the hard golden scales that covered Long Tian's body like a carapace that previously seemed to be indestructible.

Under the sharp destructive claws of the Heavenly Wolf, even the most powerful defense in the world was fated to collapse!

In fact, were it not for the fact that Long Tian had wisely decided to switch to his full dragon form, his life might have ended long ago! The only reason Long Tian had managed to hold on until now was exclusively thanks to his hard scales that provided him with one of the most powerful physical defenses and magic suppressors in the cosmos!

As the explosions of the single-sided battle spread far and wide, it was clear from the roars of pain that it wouldn't be long before one of the most powerful beings in the current universe would be cruelly slaughtered by one of the most powerful beings of the ancient universe.

"Lucifer, what's wrong? Why are you looking at me like that?" Fire Sorrow finally could not stand the gaze of the man in front of her anymore so she asked with a frown.

This was one of the few times she referred to the leader of the Demonic Army as 'Lucifer' and not as 'His Majesty' in front of a large number of existences; even more so, existences belonging to other factions.

Lucifer stared at her for another three seconds before sighing and saying in an apologetic tone, "I'm afraid I'll have to ask to borrow that from you, Fire Sorrow."

"...That?" Fire Sorrow muttered in confusion. However, suddenly her violet eyes twitched violently as if she had thought of something. Fire Sorrow shook her head from side to side and shouted loudly, "Impossible! Do you want me to use one of the few things left from the past to hurt Sirius? Dream on! Let that arrogant dragon suffer for his own actions!"

"... You're not thinking things through clearly or deeply, my beautiful strategist." Lucifer sighed and removed his pajama hat to scratch his head. "Whether Long Tian lives or dies that is not a matter of my concern at all. But what will happen after that? That shadow over there isn't the real Heavenly Wolf, it's merely a remnant left behind by its will, a remnant meant to protect the Firmament Fragment inside the constellation."

"Hmph! If I say no, then it's no." Fire Sorrow seemed to have made her final decision. She looked at Lucifer with serious eyes and slowly said, "Are you also like those white pigeons over there? You disappoint me too much, Lucifer."

While Medes, Uriel, Michael, and a few more of the Army of Heaven were a bit angry and uncomfortable at Fire Sorrow's words while the rest of the Army of Heaven was confused, the entire Demonic Army except for Lucifer and other silent characters looked at Fire Sorrow with surprise and disbelief.

This was without a doubt the first time Fire Sorrow referred to the Army of Heaven as 'white pigeons' and as if that wasn't enough, she even said it clearly enough for them to hear!

Lucifer couldn't help but force a smile into his heart as he smiled bitterly on the outside. He held up both hands and said in surrender, "Since that's the way it is, forget it then. Your stuff is your stuff, I'm not forcing you to do something you don't want to do."

".... Sorry." Fire Sorrow sighed and shook her head. She waved her hand and from her storage ring, a small object was drawn to her just like the opposite poles of two magnets.

This object was a reliquary-style necklace quite old as several broken parts could be seen here and there. Moreover, despite being surrounded by powerful runes of magic, it was clear that the power contained in the necklace was not really anything worth paying attention to anymore.

However, that same necklace that could not even be considered a Rank 3 accessory was being cared for by a Seventh Order existence like Fire Sorrow in the same way a mother cared for her newborn baby.

Lilith naturally realized that the necklace had a high sentimental value for Fire Sorrow, and judging by Lucifer's complicated look, for him as well. However, she could not understand how such a weak necklace could scratch such a terrifying existence which was crushing one of the most powerful beings in existence.

Fortunately, Lilith had learned not to underestimate or judge based solely on appearances. Wasn't she a much more powerful monster than she appeared on the surface? Wasn't Bai Zemin the same? Therefore, whatever her doubts, she kept them to herself. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Lucifer turned his gaze back to the battlefield and sighed as he saw that the situation was finally reaching its climax.

"... How are we supposed to get out of this now?" The lazy Lucifer couldn't help but sigh again as he looked at the silhouette of the wolf howling towards the heavens as if it was repeatedly challenging them. Lucifer whispered, "You really are a pain in the ass."

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!...

Golden chains coiled like giant snakes around the four limbs of the giant dragon and an even thicker one tightly bound the beast's mouth to prevent him from attacking.

Long Tian shook fiercely in an attempt to free himself from the restraining bindings but instead of succeeding, the only thing he achieved was that the injuries that plagued every inch of his body began to bleed even more heavily than before.

Unable to free himself, his golden eyes glowed with anger amidst despair.

Hundreds of magic circles suddenly flashed around the area where Long Tian and the ghost of the Heavenly Wolf Sirius were standing. Magical power rushed through each magic circle at unimaginable speeds and the mana inside the dragon's body shook violently.

"It's pointless." Lucifer sneered.

Just as Lilith and the rest were wondering what he meant by those words, the next scene shocked everyone.

The magic power and mana circulating from Long Tian's body in his dragon form were like a lighter and powder that ignited the magic circles. However, the golden chains suddenly acquired a slight crimson glow on the surface, and like sponges, the golden chains quickly began to absorb the magical power and mana that Long Tian was using.

The pupils of the mighty dragon, but at the same time helpless against the power of the enemy he faced, contracted to the smallest possible extent. For the first time, the proud and arrogant dragon who believed he did not need to respect or fear anything in the cosmos began to feel fear; fear in the face of imminent death!

"It even ate the magic!"

"The Heavenly Wolf canceled the magic spells?"

"God, protect us..."

...

The various existences of the different factions were shocked by what they had just witnessed.

Anti-magic spells, despite being rare, were not shocking enough sights to leave everyone dumbfounded and despairing. However, what they had just seen was clearly not an anti-magic spell.

It was something else. Something different.

"That was... Blood Manipulation?" Lilith muttered in shock as her ruby eyes twitched at what they were seeing.

The golden blood flowing from the injuries on Long Tian's body, far from being carried away by the 0 gravity of outer space, was being absorbed by the golden chains surrounding the mighty dragon's body. Moreover, the most striking thing was that the more blood they devoured, the chains not only became more powerful but the faster Long Tian's Mana disappeared and the faster the magic power was consumed.

"Eh? Lilith, you know about the skill Blood Manipulation?" Fire Sorrow looked at Lilith with wide eyes.

"This... Isn't that the main skill of Immortal Bloodlust's leader?" Lilith blurted out matter-of-factly.

Lucifer's eyes flashed strangely as Fire Sorrow shook her head and said in a serious voice, "Immortal Bloodlust's leader's skill is called Blood Maker. It is undoubtedly an extremely powerful skill, even more so considering how high the evolutionary level of his skill must be at the moment.....But the Blood Manipulation skill is not something a normal soul can handle."

"Excuse me?" Lilith looked at her with wide eyes.

Suddenly, she felt a pair of eyes watching her intently and a shiver ran down her spine as she saw that Lucifer was looking at her with a curious smile that for some strange reason seemed not only playful but also excited.

"Your Majesty Lucifer, I don't like the way you're looking at me." Lilith pointed out with a frown, her voice slightly tinged with displeasure to mask her true agitated emotions.

".... I'm sorry." Lucifer nodded and looked away.

No one found this little exchange odd. After all, Lucifer's personality was known to be an extremely flexible one and the coldness of the Bloody Succubus was also widely known within the Demonic Army.

Just as Lilith let out a sigh of relief in her heart, a silhouette wearing white armor approached them.

It was Medes. God. The Lord of the Army of Heaven.

Medes at this moment was no longer wearing that normal white robe from before. His body was covered by a compact plate armor and in his right hand, he held an exquisite white spear over two and a half meters long.

"Lucifer, I along with the others have just agreed to all attack Sirius' ghost," Medes said in a deep voice. "If we stay here and do nothing, sooner or later we will experience the same fate as Long Tian or even a worse one that hasn't happened to him yet."

"Attack? Attack my ass!" Lucifer barked loudly. He looked at the God of Heaven as if he was an idiot and said disdainfully, "Old man, did you forget what the Heavenly Wolf's specialty was and the reason why the enemy armies never dared to face it?"

"That's..." Medes frowned and as if he had remembered something his expression turned extremely ugly.

"Hmph! If you want to die go ahead and die yourself." Lucifer laid down in the void and let the 0 gravity drag his body casually as he calmly said, "If I lay here, I might survive. Who knows..."

Medes looked at Lucifer and said with suppressed anger, "You and I along with a handful here have lived longer than any other living being ever. We have experienced the end once but even that end was but a new beginning for us. You can fool others, but you cannot fool me, Lucifer. I know you fear death as much as I fear it."

Lucifer opened his dark eyes slowly and a nostalgic glint flashed in his gaze for an instant as he whispered, "I fear death? Sure, I fear to die.... But what I fear is not death itself. What I really fear is not being able to accomplish my goal and failing those who rely on me to survive."

Then, Lucifer inclined his head slightly and looked at Medes with a smile that the God of the Army of Heaven had seen countless years before as he said:

"To me, death is no different than eternal sleep.... And you know what, old friend? I love to sleep!"

As Medes and Lucifer stared at each other as if they understood what the other was thinking, a giant golden spear began to form in the hand of the Heavenly Wolf Sirius' ghost.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3