Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Regardless of what everyone else might be thinking, the current Long Tian couldn't care less. In his mind, there was only one thought and his current goal was a very simple one; a simple but difficult goal to achieve.

Survive!

That's right. The mighty Long Tian who never feared anything in his life only wanted to survive.

Therefore, once the effect of the Firmament Fragment of the Goddess of Rebirth was activated when the passive skill detected that it was impossible for him to heal from such a deadly injury, Long Tian seized the opportunity when the golden blood chains were destroyed by the effect of the Firmament Fragment and unhesitatingly dashed into the distance.

A single flap of his wings was enough to move tens of kilometers!

However, at this moment Long Tian didn't only have to worry about the Heavenly Wolf Sirius' ghost.

"Dog surnamed Long, come back here and hand over your life!"

Nikolay, leader of Immortal Bloodlust, turned into a blood-red bolt of light and in an instant reached Long Tian in his dragon form.

The mana in Nikolay's body shook violently as he shouted:

"Sea of Phantom Blood!"

Long Tian, having only one goal in mind, which was to get away from this area at the fastest speed possible, had no time to react when Nikolay's magic spell was activated.

Countless waves of blood appeared out of nowhere in the middle of outer space and like a giant cube covered thousands of kilometers in an instant, enclosing Long Tian's giant body inside.

"Nikolay, you bastard! How dare you!"

Long Tian's rage-filled roar echoed from within the sea of blood and as bloody ghosts tried their best to attack and break his now completely healthy scales, Long Tian covered his body with a giant ball of flames.

Countless blood specters attacked Long Tian in the sea of blood.

While the blood specters managed to tear a few scales from Long Tian's back in his giant dragon form, most were incinerated when they approached the surrounding flames that burned at high temperatures.

Long Tian's fear toward the Heavenly Wolf Sirius' ghost had long since turned to terror. Therefore, even though his body slowly began to fill with wounds, he did not tried to fight and only focused every ounce of energy on fleeing further while using all his magic spells capable of suppressing elements such as blood or water more easily.

A battle to the death between two Eighth Order existences usually was not something that could be ended with two moves; even fighting for days and nights continuously would not be strange at all. The process alone could bring an end to many unfortunate worlds encountered in the path of the existences engaged in combat.

However, since Long Tian's goal was to flee, Nikolay couldn't really stop him.

"Hahahaha!" Nikolay laughed out loud as he conjured hundreds of thousands of bats out of nowhere and hurled them towards Long Tian. With bloodshot eyes, he barked, "Since you dared to assault Cinthia in the past, then you'd better pay your taxes with interest today!"

In the sea of blood, Long Tian writhed as he roared and tore apart the bats and blood wraiths using his physical body and magic spells while he kept flying away. Injuries were inevitable no matter how slight they were, however, Nikolay's real goal was to hold Long Tian back as long as possible.

Because there was another being who would take care of the dragon for him!

"How dare you!"

"Nikolay, you damned putrid bat!" 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

"Immortal Bloodlust, you bastards!"

...

The members of the Dragon God Realm finally reacted after seeing their leader reborn from what was certain death, and after understanding the goal of Immortal Bloodlust and the leader of that faction, the entire Dragon God Realm rushed forward with furious expressions.

"Attack! Don't let these damn lizardmen help the dog surnamed Long no matter what!" Nikolay waved his hand as he floated away and began to throw countless blood weapons toward Long Tian, who was still fleeing with all he had.

"Attack!"

"We must take revenge for Cinthia!"

"Kill them all!"

...

Upon receiving the command from the highest leader, all of the Immortal Bloodlust's Higher Existences flew forward and their black hooded silhouettes helped to blend into the darkness of outer space.

Doom Roar, a powerful male dragon of 7th Order, tried to reach Long Tian to help him get out of the sea of blood. However, his path was suddenly obstructed by a wave of giant bats and his eyes turned red as he roared:

"FUCK OFF!"

Roar!!!!

A fierce roar came from the throat of the oriental-style dragon that was over 50 kilometers long. The blast traveled swiftly through the void and if not for the Space Blockade erected by Sirius' ghost earlier the space traversed by the blast would undoubtedly have been shattered into pieces.

Just as the Higher Existences belonging to Immortal Bloodlust were about to explode into a blood mist, a silhouette appeared out of nowhere before them.

This silhouette was a handsome European-looking man wearing a black robe with red vetoes and holding a purple staff in his right hand. His red eyes took on a strange golden hue of light for an instant and as the man waved his staff the Soul Stone embedded in the surface lit up.

A psychic barrier instantly appeared in front of the man and an instant later the shockwave of Doom Roar's roar impacted heavily against the barrier.

Boooooom!!!

A thunderous explosion reverberated everywhere and the shockwave sent the dragons that were closely following Doom Roar flying backward. As for the vampires of Immortal Bloodlust, they were perfectly fine behind the barrier.

"Doom Roar, old friend. It's been a while since we last drank together." The man grinned, baring two long fangs inside his mouth.

"Alucard! How dare you stand in my way!" Doom Roar roared mightily before lunging forward without hesitation.

Booooooom!!!

Doom Roar swung his giant tail mightily and struck the giant barrier in an attempt to break it so that he could go further to help his leader. However, even though the psychic barrier cracked, an instant later all the cracks disappeared without a trace.

...

It wasn't only Doom Roar who faced obstacles; all the members of the Dragon God Realm were obstructed by Immortal Bloodlust's Higher Existences.

Boooom!!!

Boooooom!!!!

Booom!!!!

Boom!!!!!!!

...

Seventh Order existences clashed with each other while Sixth Order existences and Fifth Order existences were engaged into fierce combats.

Only about 5 seconds had passed since Long Tian had managed to escape from death's clutches thanks to the Goddess of Rebirth's Firmament Fragment but it only took such a short amount of time for the previously silent outer space to be filled with lights and thunderous magical explosions.

"Hahahahahaha! What's up, dog Long?! Weren't you a proud dragon?! Right now you're nothing but a filthy dog trying to run away with your tail between your legs! I wonder how proud the ancestors of your fucking race are as they watch you from their graves! Hahahahahaha!" Nikolay laughed out loud as he continued backing up and casting magic spells to hold Long Tian back for as long as possible. Throughout the whole process, he did not forget to do his best to mentally affect his enemy.

Long Tian roared furiously and several times tried to hit Nikolay in order to get him out of his way. However, Nikolay was cunning and clearly did not aim to come face to face with a powerful dragon whose physical body was possibly the most perfect in existence.

Therefore, even if Long Tian was unwilling, he really had no choice but to slow down the speed at which he was fleeing in order to defend himself from the attacks his enemy was throwing at him. After all, while the power of the Firmament Fragment of the Goddess of Rebirth was amazing and practically miraculous, it was not invincible!

The power of rebirth was no ordinary power and to escape the clutches of death the amount of energy consumed was simply colossal and unimaginable since the most valuable thing that existed in the history of all creation was undoubtedly life. So, although Long Tian was basically a being with two lives, the truth was that he could no longer rely on the Firmament Fragment of the Goddess of Rebirth.... Because the time the Firmament Fragment needed to rest after being activated was 100,000 years!

A hundred thousand years for someone like Long Tian was an incredibly short amount of time. In the past, thanks to the power of the Firmament Fragment of the Goddess of Rebirth, Long Tian believed that he was invincible. After all, even if he fought to the death with another Eighth Order being and he lost, the power of the Firmament Fragment of the Goddess of Rebirth would return him to his peak condition in an instant while his enemy would be plagued with injuries by then; in that case, victory would eventually fall into his hands.

Unfortunately, Long Tian's arrogance had gone too far and he had been blinded by his own power. Whether he was willing to accept reality or not, the truth was that a being capable of slaughtering him countless times in the span of a single day had appeared right in front of him.

...

The other factions watched dumbfounded as Immortal Bloodlust and the Dragon God Realm engaged in combat without worrying about the consequences.

A couple of seconds ago, Immortal Bloodlust was also trembling in fear as he witnessed the power of the Heavenly Wolf. However, when it was revealed that the leader of the Dragon God Realm had been the culprit and killer of one of Immortal Bloodlust's main powers hundreds of thousands of years ago, the vampires seemed to forget the fear and that emotion was quickly replaced by burning rage.

Magical and physical explosions that surpassed natural limits slowly began to cause the formerly firm void to shake continuously. After all, the clash of a dozen Seventh Order beings, thousands of Sixth Order, hundreds of thousands of Fifth Order, and finally the clash of two of the most powerful beings in the universe was nothing to scoff at all.

Besides, considering that Sirius' ghost was only a remnant left behind by the real Heavenly Wolf, it was reasonable that its power was not comparable to the original one.

However, in this moment the ghost of the Heavenly Wolf Sirius seemed oblivious to what was happening before it and seemed to have forgotten its goal of slaughtering the existence that dared to challenge its dominance on more than one occasion with arrogance.

Long Tian was terrified so he didn't even dare to look back; Nikolay was enraged to care about anything other than revenge; the Dragon God Kingdom was too busy trying to help their leader; and finally, Immortal Bloodlust in general yearned to avenge a being that was once precious to them all.

Therefore, none of them noticed a certain peculiarity.

Lilith cautiously observed the ghost of Sirius Heavenly Wolf and she couldn't help but frown slightly as she wondered what was going on.

The wolf's silhouette was as blurry as ever, proof that far from being a real existence the Sirius before her and the rest was no more than a remnant of that once glorious one. However, the ghost of the Heavenly Wolf Sirius was acting strangely.

Far from pursuing or continuing to attack, for some reason, Sirius' ghost suddenly turned its head to stare seemingly at nothing.

It was difficult to clearly make out any part of the wolf but those two glowing eyes were impossible to miss so Lilith couldn't help but notice that the ghost's pupils of energy reflected the infinite distance.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!!

There was no warning and no signal. Space suddenly exploded in such a way that behind the constellation a huge hole opened up into nothingness where chaotic lightning flashed constantly with the intention of devouring everything.

None of those present were spared as each of them felt tremendous pain from the chest before the consequences showed themselves.

The strongest ones like Lucifer and the other seven Eighth Order leaders simply clutched their chests tightly as their faces furrowed in pain.

On the other hand, the Existences of Seventh Order grunted at the same time as a thin trickle of blood slipped from the corner of their mouths.

For their part, Lilith and the Sixth Order existences directly spat out fresh blood. This made it clear that at least Lilith's Stamina and Health stats were not monstrously high, but no one was in the mood to notice this fact.

As for the Fifth Order beings; the most directly affected ones lost their consciousness while the "lucky" ones spat out several mouthfuls of blood with pale faces.

It was only thanks to such a phenomenal occurrence that the two factions who were facing their lives on the line stopped what they were doing and finally noticed the anomaly.

"W- What happened?" Lilith asked in astonishment as she cleaned the blood on her mouth.

"It removed it." Lucifer said even with some lingering pain.

Lilith looked at him blankly, but before she could say anything, Fire Sorrow responded:

"The spatial lock erected by Sirius' ghost was removed."

Everyone's eyes lit up when they heard this. After all, the reason none of them could flee was because space was sealed!

Long Tian seemed to have received a second chance as after shaking off Nikolay, he immediately tore through the void and charged into the rift. The members of the Dragon God Realm soon followed him and in a matter of ten seconds, they all disappeared without a trace.

Regardless of the anger of all the Higher Existences of Immortal Bloodlust, they too were relieved that at least now they had a chance to survive the catastrophe. However, just as Nikolay and the other leaders were about to take their people with them, something happened that shocked everyone.

The ghost of the Heavenly Wolf Sirius suddenly leaned its body backward at the same time as it raised its right arm. Its right hand with which it was clutching the magnificent golden spear tightened its grip and pulled its arm back before finally abruptly leaning forward while its right arm followed the motion.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3