The characteristic throwing motion was mirrored in every part of the stance that the ghost of the Heavenly Wolf Sirius had just taken.

It didn't take a genius to figure out what was going to happen next considering that the ghost was clutching a spear in its right hand while its entire arm swung as if it were some sort of whip.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!

The spear finally left the hand of the Heavenly Wolf's ghost as the latter's arm reached the maximum possible extension and a thunderous explosion comparable to the last one resounded everywhere.

However, in contrast to the last explosion in which practically all of the Higher Existences in the vicinity were injured, this time none of them received the slightest real damage except for feeling a slight dizziness assaulting them.

This was because unlike the large-scale space explosion from before, this explosion only focused on a single point as when the spear left Sirius' ghost's grip it seemed to form a sort of space portal through which it entered and then disappeared without a trace as the portal closed.

After launching that terrifying shot which even after a long time left a flash of golden light mixed with crimson light shining in outer space, the ghost of the Heavenly Wolf Sirius seemed to lose its interest in anything else as it simply stood there in the void doing nothing but staring off into the distance.

'Sirius' ghost is.... Is it slowly vanishing?' Lilith narrowed her eyes and noticed that slowly the figure of the Heavenly Wolf's ghost was starting to not only become more blurry but was also becoming more and more transparent.

Previously it was not possible to see beyond the energy body that composed Sirius' ghost, however, now Lilith could see the constellation beyond the body more and more clearly.

All the factions of Higher Existences except for the Dragon God Realm that had escaped the first second the spatial lock erected by Sirius' ghost was lifted were still present. Therefore, what Lilith noticed was also noticed by each of them.

However, even though it was clear that the current Heavenly Wolf's ghost was getting weaker with each passing second, none of those present dared to take a step forward let alone show any sign of attacking; the miserable experience lived by the mighty Long Tian had been witnessed by everyone and no one wanted to become the second Long Tian.

Long Tian was lucky as he had a powerful Firmament Fragment that granted him a second chance to live, however, the others did not possess such a unique Firmament Fragment! Death for them was eternal death!

"What was that from now?" Salazar, the powerful Eighth Order zombie, asked with a frown.

"That's probably the same question we all have," Nikolay replied with coldness as his eyes flashed chillingly.

The leader of Immortal Bloodlust was furious beyond all possible words after learning the true reason and culprit behind the death of one of his most valuable generals. However, Nikolay was not an easy existence to deal with at all either; the Dragon God Realm would soon begin to experience headaches as great as it had not felt since its creation! Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"I told you that it wasn't a good idea to desecrate the legacy left behind by the Heavenly Wolf Sirius but none of you listened. Even I got carried away in the heat of the moment." Lethar bowed deeply in the direction of the constellation of Sirius as he spoke words of forgiveness.

As the leader of the Heavenly Moon Army bowed in respect, regardless of whether they were Fifth, Sixth, or Seventh Order Higher Existences; all the members of the Heavenly Moon Army knelt on their right knees and lowered their heads towards the ghost of Sirius in the distance.

Lethar was a true werewolf from birth and after he managed to ascend and create the Heavenly Moon Army, each and every member who joined had their soul records modified so they all almost completely abandoned their past selves to become werewolves.

No one knew if the Heavenly Wolf Sirius in the past was a true wolf or if it had received the title 'Heavenly Wolf' for some specific reason; in fact, no one knew if Sirius was the Heavenly Wolf's real name or if it was also part of the title. At least, if anyone knew such information, which was unlikely, they had never divulged it to the outside world.

However, regardless of whether Sirius had been a true wolf or not, the truth was that the bloodline that ran through the veins of every member of the Heavenly Moon Army after having their records greatly modified practically compelled them to worship the being in front of them regardless of whether it was a remnant ghost or not.

No one responded to Lethar's words for as stupid as it might sound and putting aside the fact that he was bowing his head to a dead being with no concern for his image and pride, it was true that Lethar had told them that it was better to leave things as they were rather than try to force an entrance in an unnatural manner.

Uriel looked at Fire Sorrow and her angelic voice reached out to all present as she slowly said, "That from now was what I think it was?"

Fire Sorrow gave her a sidelong glance before turning her eyes back to Sirius' ghost.

Just as Uriel smiled bitterly thinking she was going to be ignored, Fire Sorrow replied to her earlier question:

"It seems that what happened just now was indeed an attack." Fire Sorrow frowned slightly and a flash of doubt crossed her eyes as she muttered, "But what did it attack?"

"How about we go find out for ourselves?" Lucifer said out of nowhere and a peculiar sparkle flashed in his gaze for a second before disappearing without a trace.

"... Go find out for ourselves?" Luciah looked at her elder brother and for the first time since she appeared showed something of a reaction worthy of a living being in her eyes. She looked at him in disbelief as she said in shock, "You want to follow Sirius' ghost attack?"

"Hey, why not?" Lucifer laughed nonchalantly and did not look like a being who several seconds ago might have experienced his doom. He looked at the ghost of the Heavenly Wolf Sirius and said in a lazy voice, "Look, our old friend over there doesn't even care about us anymore. Not only might we find something enjoyable if we follow the spatial flow of its attack, but at the same time, we'll be able to get away from this dangerous place. Not bad, right?"

"No," Lethar said in a deep voice and straightened his posture as the rest of his faction stood up in unison. The mighty Eighth Order werewolf looked at Lucifer and decided, "My faction and I are disengaging here. To keep bothering the Heavenly Wolf will only end up bringing us calamity sooner or later."

Lucifer looked at him enviously and sighed wearily as he said, "Lethar, man.... You don't know how much I envy you."

"Envy me?" Lethar frowned and looked at him uncomprehendingly.

Lucifer nodded and looked up at the sky as he slowly said, "Now you are leaving here and when you get to your place you can sleep as much as you want. I, on the other hand, still cannot return to my comfortable bed as I have stuff to do."

Lethar's face rotted when he heard Lucifer's words. He gritted his teeth and said with a tinge of annoyance:

"Damn demon. If you like sleeping so much then go and sleep!"

Lucifer looked down and looked at him with a slight smile as he said bitterly, "When you live too long, so long as to not even remember the day you were born accurately, there are only two things that will allow you to continue going forward.... But I suppose you'll understand someday, little boy."

Lethar shook his head and muttered under his breath, "Pure nonsense."

"We're out of here!"

The werewolf leader tore through the void with his claws and after giving the ghost of the Heavenly Wolf one last glance he disappeared beyond the rift. The rest of the Heavenly Moon Army soon followed him and disappeared not long after.

To begin with, neither Lethar nor any other member of his faction had high hopes coming here. Aside from trying their luck at taking advantage of the wolf bloodline that ran through the veins of each of them, the other real reason why the Heavenly Moon Army decided to appear in the constellation of Sirius was to prevent as much as possible the other factions from desecrating to the point of no return the remains left behind by an existence that Lethar admired since he grew up hearing legends of the mighty Sirius.

Lucifer simply chuckled at the words Lethar muttered before leaving. He shook his head and said in a complex voice towards the void in front of him, "When it gets to the point where even living becomes boring, only sleep can keep you from committing follies.... And only the excitement of something really new and strange can make your blood bubble.... But I guess it's still too early for you."

Very few people among those present understood how bitter Lucifer's words were. Only a few existences, for different reasons, managed to stand firm despite having lived longer than anyone else in the entire universe ..... Because it was not at all uncommon for occasionally a Higher Existence who had already lived millions of years to decide to commit suicide for not being able to find a real purpose for which to continue living.

'I guess eternal life can sometimes also be a curse if we have no one to share it with.' Lilith sighed inwardly as she recalled that in the past, she had had a conversation of a similar nature to this with Bai Zemin.

"Well, old people." Lucifer looked at the five leaders other than himself and said with a happy smile, "It wasn't a pleasure to see you again at all and I hope to never have to see your faces again in my life.... Oh, by the way, if you see that damn lizard with the last name Long, tell him to watch his ass or the wolf might bite him hehe..."

Then, without waiting for a reply from anyone, Lucifer activated his space magic spell again and a giant eye appeared in front of him and his faction.

"Move!"

The Demonic Army followed Lucifer's footsteps and in a matter of seconds, they all disappeared without a trace. Lucifer simply focused as much as possible on following the traces of spatial rupture left behind by the spear thrown by Sirius' ghost in order to find what he was looking for.

As for the other leaders, after Lucifer and the Demonic Army disappeared into the void, as by prior agreement they used their methods to travel through space.

They all decided to follow the spear that the ghost of the Heavenly Wolf threw not only because they wanted to see what was happening but also because they might be able to obtain such a high-quality weapon if they were unlucky.

* * *

Oblon World.

"Explode," Bai Zemin muttered under his breath as he walked into the space rift leading to Earth.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!

The blood trident encircled by the flames of the Endless Lotus Blue Flame that was being contained by the magical barrier erected by Emperor Thannath abruptly released all the magical power and mana it contained within, thus causing an apocalyptic level explosion.

This was possibly the first time in over 1,000,000 years that the Oblon World had received an attack of such great magnitude.

The mighty Fourth Order Emperor Thannath roared from the depths of his heart as his Mana depleted at speeds hundreds of times faster than the rate at which the Cosmos Gate consumed it.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3