Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The serious expression, as well as the self-disbelief in Lucifer's voice, left everyone in an uncomfortable position as somehow the leader of the Demonic Army seemed to be telling the truth.

However, how could those present believe such barbarity?

Forget the fact that a First Order existence somehow exchanged blows with a Fourth Order existence and leave aside the factor of how the Fourth Order existence died but the First Order existence magically survived... The biggest problem present was undoubtedly the spear that Sirius' ghost threw!

Annihilation of the Falling Sky: Such was the name of a weapon that had once terrified myriads of races.

The name of this spear called Annihilation of the Falling Sky dated back billions of years, so except for a minimum of records that were preserved, no one knew anything about this legendary weapon that had accompanied one of the brightest and most powerful beings under the heavens.

"If what you say is true, then I fear that spear was but a falsification of the real Annihilation of the Falling Sky." Medes sighed and ruffled his hair as he slowly said, "Annihilation of the Falling Sky, just as its name alone describes, it is a weapon that annihilates and obliterates everything in its path. Even Long Tian who is known to possess the most powerful physical body and physical defense in the entire universe failed to withstand a single hit from Annihilation of the Falling Sky.... How could it be possible that a First Order existence could continue alive after being stabbed by such a merciless weapon?"

Fire Sorrow of the Demonic Army nodded and very reluctantly said in a complicated voice: "In this case, I have to agree with the words of the Lord of the Army of Heaven. Your Majesty Lucifer, you should also know that such a thing is impossible. Are you sure you saw correctly?"

Lucifer's expression continued changing constantly and after a long time, he finally sighed wearily and scratched his head with both hands as he said in frustration, "Agh! Damn! This senior doesn't know what's white and what's black anymore! Could it be that after all this time my eyes have started to fail me?"

Seeing the always calm and never losing his composure Lucifer so frustrated, everyone realized that the leader of the Demonic Army was not lying and was actually telling the truth regarding what he had seen or thought he had seen.

"Nonsense." Salazar shook his head and said in a voice full of disdain, "Lucifer, maybe you should go to sleep again. It looks like your dog eyes are really starting to fail hahaha!"

Lucifer suddenly stopped moving and his expression slowly went cold. He looked at Salazar and his eyes slowly began to turn completely black as a pitch-black cloud began to surround him.

"Zombie boy, be careful with your tone of voice or you might lose those teeth with which you love to bite human flesh so much."

Salazar's expression froze and the atmosphere changed as the wind seemed to stop flowing.

This was the first time the leader of the Demonic Army had behaved so strangely. In the past, no matter what jokes or taunts one said, Lucifer would simply ignore them or laugh along with everyone as if he had heard some good joke. Therefore, seeing him like this, the leader of the Evolution Army suddenly found himself at a loss as to how to react.

It was not only Salazar who found himself at a loss and not knowing what to say next but almost everyone present was the same.

Fire Sorrow looked at Lucifer and sighed in her heart.

Even though Lucifer was carefree and sometimes even a bit goofy, when he was frustrated or angry with himself because something got out of hand, the leader of the Demonic Army would not tolerate anyone bothering him or making fun of him as all his anger would immediately be aimed at the culprit in an attempt to expel it from his body.

Now, Fire Sorrow could only hope that Salazar would calm down and tolerate Lucifer's words or else there would soon be a battle of colossal magnitude that would destroy dozens of worlds in the process.

However, how could Salazar tolerate such a thing? Let alone considering that he was being challenged in front of his subordinates!

"That would be an interesting thing to see." The mighty Eighth Order zombie whispered under his breath and a monstrous grin that deformed his previously handsome face grew ever larger on his features.

"W- Wait..."

A weak voice rang out just as things were about to get out of control.

Everyone's gazes immediately focused on the source of the sound.

There, lying on the ground with his body covered in blood, the formerly proud Emperor Thannath appeared to be on the verge of death as he lay crushed in a huge crater that had formed only from the pressure released by the beings before him.

If the Oblon World were not a world abandoned by the Soul Record, the rules of the universe would protect Thannath and the Higher Existences who were inadvertently harming him would die in a short time. However, given the circumstances of the Oblon World, even if one of the Higher Existences present slapped Thannath to death they would receive no penalty; in fact, quite possibly they would receive some sort of reward.

Thannath was fully aware that at this rate not only would he end up dead but the entire asura race would end up being annihilated along with the destruction of the Oblon World. Therefore, despite feeling his bones shattering, he struggled to make himself noticed.

Feeling hundreds of thousands of eyes of beings who were on another plane of power from his own, Emperor Thannath felt his skin tearing. However, Thannath's tenacity had been forged in a world filled with cruelty so his tolerance for pain was not something a normal existence could compare to:

"Regarding that First Order existence.... I think he should not be underestimated-"

Cough! Cough! Cough! Cough!....

It was only a few words but Thannath seemed to reach the limit as he immediately started to cough blood like crazy and even several fragments of internal organs escaped from his mouth.

The pressure released by Lucifer who was just a short distance away had caused the emperor of the asura race to be injured in such a way that in a matter of minutes he would die. After all, a large part of Thannath's main organs had been shattered and crushed due to the aura of one of the most powerful beings in the universe.

Lucifer looked at Fire Sorrow and the latter nodded silently after a moment's hesitation.

She walked toward Emperor Thannath and didn't even give him a glance as she waved her magical scepter while her sweet lips painted in bright violet whispered words that no one could hear.

Boom!

The sky suddenly went completely dark and lightning began to crackle.

There were red, blue, yellow, white, black, gold, purple, violet, and various other colors of lightning. The pressure released by these lightning flashes made it more than clear that they were far from being normal lightning flashes like those of any natural phenomenon since the magical power contained in each lightning bolt seemed to be capable of destroying everything.

Everyone's expression changed and even Lilith shivered in fear as she stared at the sky in disbelief.

Slowly, the multicolored lightning began to gather. Slowly, the Higher Existences present noticed that the figure of a western-style lightning dragon began to form in the skies.

"W- What is that?" a Fifth Order angel clenched her light saber tightly as she looked up into the sky with eyes filled with terror and panic.

The eyes of the dragon composed of snow-white lightning seemed to have life in them as they looked down at the world below. The creature was so large it was mindless and its body was curled up among the dense black clouds that were clearly filled with mana.

"Soul Punishment," Uriel pronounced in a serious voice. She looked skyward with a frown as she said word for word, "As Higher Existences who somehow managed to oppose time and nature, we are forbidden to harm a Lower Existence as the Soul Record protects them. Otherwise, the first Higher Existence to be born could easily wipe out any threat that was about to be born and thus become the total ruler."

Uriel lowered her gaze and as her three pairs of snow-white wings swayed behind her she looked at Fire Sorrow with complicated eyes, "Of course, this rule does not apply to worlds and existences that were abandoned by the Soul Record. As sinners, they do not deserve the protection of the Soul Record.... On the contrary, the Soul Record rewards everyone who cooperates in the destruction of such existences; including us, Higher Existences. But what Fire Sorrow of the Demonic Army is doing now is opposed to what the Soul Record wants in trying to cure that Lower Existence over there."

"Fire Sorrow, are you crazy?!" Crow looked at the ever calm and clear-minded Fire Sorrow in shock as he urged her to stop, "If you keep this up, your soul will be destroyed!"

"Your Majesty!"

"Your Majesty!"

"Please stop Fire Sorrow!"

...

The members of the Demonic Army went crazy as they realized what was happening.

None of the other factions understood what one of the most powerful generals of the Demonic Army so powerful as Fire Sorrow was planning to do. However, none of them would be too sad at the loss of a strong enemy.

Lilith frowned slightly as she watched everything in silence.

She had been listening and watching events unfold from a corner all this time. However, even though she seemed composed on the surface, her heart was trembling fiercely because unlike the rest, she could feel two traces of mana with which she was very familiar.

One of those mana traces belonged to Shangguan Bing Xue and the other trace naturally belonged to Bai Zemin.

However, Lilith just like Lucifer refused to believe and doubted her own senses.

After all, Bai Zemin should be in China crushing without too much trouble any kind of obstacle that came in his way. Lilith was sure that with his strength there shouldn't be too many existences on Earth capable of really threatening him.

How could the Earth that was a world in its First Evolutionary Stage even connect with an Abandoned World that was already in its Third Evolutionary Stage? Such a thing was simply impossible. Even more impossible was the fact that Bai Zemin could cause this shock with Shangguan Bing Xue's help alone.

However, there were too many things that perfectly matched those two. Therefore, Lilith did not know what to do or think about it. Now, all she could do was to wait and see before doing her best to return to Earth to clear her doubts.

More than anything, what Lilith wanted now was to wait and see the next words of the Fourth Order existence that seemed to have confronted the First Order existence that Lucifer had seen beyond the portal.

However, Lilith did not expect Fire Sorrow to do such a thing! Although Lilith would not call the beautiful Seventh Order mage a friend, she at least appreciated her and was grateful for all the knowledge she imparted to her during the past month.

Then, realizing what was happening, the cold and indifferent Lilith naturally felt a bit of sorrow. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

"Heal." Fire Sorrow chanted just then and a glowing green circle appeared beneath the asura emperor's body.

Bright green light burst outward for a brief moment before disappearing without a trace.

Thannath looked at his condition and was taken aback, dumbfounded. All his wounds had completely disappeared and even those injuries that had been left behind after thousands of years of war had left no trace after being healed by the beautiful woman in front of him.

Just then, Fire Sorrow soared into the sky and looked up at the lightning dragon above her head.

Her soft purple hair fluttered along with the fierce wind and without giving any warning the multicolored lightning dragon roared as it swooped down.

The Oblon World trembled in fear and the Higher Existences on the scene were terrified regardless of their power.

Thannath watched wide-eyed as the whole world lit up and the feeling of annihilation enveloped him. Before the power of the lightning dragon, he felt as small as an ant staring at a planet.

Lucifer watched everything with narrowed eyes and even though he more or less knew what was going to happen next, he couldn't lie to himself and say he wasn't nervous. After all, Fire Sorrow was someone important to him.

Bang!

Fire Sorrow's body was surrounded by lightning and she disappeared from everyone's sight amidst the light.

Then, a green message that only she could see and understand appeared in her retina.

It was a single word... But a word that could shock the entire universe and shake history.

[Why...]

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3