Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Uriel's charm was simply too high for a Lower Existence to resist. In fact, she did not do it with malicious intentions but just by revealing herself after speaking and showing her beauty, she ended up causing the emperor of the asura race to fall into the palm of her hand easily.

Fortunately for Thannath, since Uriel's intentions were never to play with him, as the days and months passed he would slowly come to his senses. Of course, it remained to be seen whether or not he would survive the appearance of so many powerful beings who could be unbound in an abandoned world such as the Oblon World.

"The reason I refer to these two First Order existences as monsters is because of their overall strength. No matter whether it is the man or the woman, they both possess overwhelming power that no First Order existence should possess. Although I didn't see it with my own eyes, just based on the scenery and the battle traces left behind, the woman who was accompanying the man had enough power to slay Second Order existences without any problem apparently, and that's even when facing more than one at the same time."

Under the watchful eyes and ears of all the Higher Existences present, Emperor Thannath began to narrate slowly with lingering surprise as he kept his eyes fixed on the archangel Uriel.

"However, the man... That First Order youth was a monster among monsters! The aura of a First Order existence that emanated from his body is something I could never mistake but he still possessed enough power to crush Second Order beings and even slaughtered two of the three Third Order commanders who stayed in the Oblon World to help me protect and rule the asura race. Between these two Third Order beings that this young man slaughtered was even my now deceased wife.... Glineira was a powerful warrior with excellent physical skills and her level exceeded 180!"

When Emperor Thannath speaks up to here and paused for a moment as now that he said it even for himself it was hard to assume the truth, the scene fell into total silence.

Even if a needle fell now it could probably be heard from a distance.

Thannath was amazed at what he was narrating not to mention those who were listening to him.

Lilith frowned slightly and the more she listened the clearer the shadows of Shangguan Bing Xue and Bai Zemin grew. However, she still needed to hear more to be completely sure. After all, even though Lilith knew how powerful Bai Zemin was, according to her knowledge of him, he should be far from being able to perform such a thing as slaughtering a level +180 being.

It was just that Lilith knew in her heart that it was impossible for an even greater talent than him to exist; it was simply impossible to find an existence with a better adaptation and survival rate than Bai Zemin.

On the other hand, Fire Sorrow looked at Lucifer with wide eyes as if she wanted to see his reaction.

The same thing happened in the other factions as the Seventh Order beings who had been together with their respective leaders since before ascending to Higher Existences understood perfectly well what the words of the Lower Existence in front of them meant.

Lucifer of the Demonic Army, Medes of the Army of Heaven, Nikolay of Immortal Bloodlust, Salazar of the Evolution Army, Eternal Phoenix of Endless Crimson Flame, and finally Star Devourer; leader and only member present of Devourers and Destroyers.

The six leaders of Higher Existences exchanged glances as if by prior agreement and after a slight silence, Lucifer whistled as he murmured: "Interesting.... To think that after all this time someone like this would be born."

The lord of the Army of Heaven began to think seriously and tried to remember if in the past he was capable of doing something similar to what he had just heard when he was still a First Order existence. However, his subconscious refused to remember something that would eventually lead him to a conclusion he was not willing to accept, so, in the end, he decided to ask it to a different being:

"Lucifer, when you were in the First Order did you have the ability to kill anyone above level 180?"

Everyone on the scene looked at the leader of the Demonic Army after the Lord of Heaven asked such a question. Lucifer's answer came soon.

He looked at Medes for a moment before taking a quick look around. Then, he burst out laughing like a clown and said out loud: "Impossible, impossible! If my me back then had to face someone level 180 or higher while I was still only level 50, then the best thing I could have done was to run for my life or there would be no Demonic Army right now!"

The expressions on the faces of Medes and the other leaders turned slightly ugly after hearing Lucifer's words; words that ended up confirming what they were all trying to deny without realizing it.

The leap among each Order was simply too great so that jumping levels and Orders would become more and more difficult as two beings climbed higher and higher. For example, a First Order existence might possess enough power to take on a Second Order being but when that same being stepped into the Second Order, they would not necessarily possess the power to take on a Third Order being since the range of levels within the Second Order was much smaller than the range of levels within the Third Order, which could also translate into a greater difference in stats and thus Soul Power.

The reason why all the members of the Demonic Army were so surprised when they discovered that Lilith was capable of facing Crow even though she was one stage below him was precisely linked to the aforementioned fact. After all, what Lilith did was something that only Lucifer and the other leaders of the various factions of Higher Existences could do when they were at the same stage as her.

In short and from a certain point of view, Lilith possessed the same potential as a faction leader. If she hadn't decided to join the Demonic Army or any other faction and taken the risk, she might even have become the ninth leader of a new faction of Higher Existences!

But then... What capacity did a being capable of leaping two Orders have? What was the limit of an existence that at level 50 managed to not only face but slay an enemy higher than level 180?

It was these questions that frightened the six leaders of Higher Existences present as only they knew what the possible answers meant. Even Lucifer felt pressure when he thought of the possibility of being put under someone else's feet.

Used to leading and ruling, none of them were willing to be someone else's dog. Even if it was for the best, as the saying went they would all rather be the head of a hen than the tail of a dragon.

"Hmph!" just then, a snort of disdain brought everyone out of their inner thoughts.

"Michael?" Uriel looked at the archangel whose flames were said to be able to incinerate all evil with questioning eyes.

Michael watched everyone's expression and said aloud to be heard:

"Regardless of whether what this Lower Existence says is true or not.... So, what if there really is someone capable of fighting someone of Third Order while he is still in the First Order? In the history of time, there have been countless outstanding geniuses and talents, but where are they all now? All of us here were heroes of our respective worlds, but at the end of the day, we ended up becoming subordinates due to the impossibility of breaking the barrier between the Fourth Order and the Fifth Order. I'm sure in a few centuries or even millennia one of the existing factions will have a new member!"

Murmurs immediately spread once Archangel Michael finished his speech.

Regardless of whether it was angel, vampire, zombie, demon, or phoenix; they all seemed to agree with what one of the most powerful beings in the Army of Heaven had just said.

Among those present, regardless of whether it was Seventh Order or Fifth Order, all of them were talents who in their periods as Lower Existences showered themselves in flattery and bathed in praise from others. They had all managed to jump levels and Orders while saving their respective worlds from the evolution-induced apocalypse that the Soul Record had raised.... However, even the most stubborn and talented of them had no choice but to submit to another existence when after reaching the maximum level of the Fourth Order, time began to corrode them from inside as the years passed.

Sure, this man could become a powerful Seventh Order existence someday. But from there to be able to establish his own faction? Those were two completely different cases.

Each and every one present knew how ridiculous were the requirements to become a Higher Existence on their own. That was precisely the reason why only eight beings in the entire history of the universe had managed to complete such a feat.

There were hundreds of thousands of Fifth Order, tens of thousands of Sixth Order, and even a few Seventh Order who had never in their lives seen the rise of a faction leader since the last case had been a few million years ago when the lord of the Dragon God Realm appeared.

Lilith observed the relieved expressions on the faces of the six Higher Existence leaders present and scoffed in her heart. These existences were really funny. A few words and here they were silently rejoicing without knowing anything about the other party. Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

All of them, including Michael and Lucifer, had forgotten that what this unknown First Order existence had done was not to take on a level +180 being while he was still level 50 but to KILL a level +180 enemy while he was still level 50! The difference was COLOSSAL but everyone was overlooking it!

Just as Lucifer and the others were agreeing with Michael's reasoning, Thannath said something that changed the atmosphere once again:

"This... Although I don't quite understand what Sir Angel is talking about due to my own incompetence, I dare say that this young man could join you faster than you estimated a moment ago."

Michael frowned in disgust at being retorted to by an ant. But before he could say anything, Uriel stepped forward and asked with a smile, "Could you explain why you think so?"

"Well... I don't know about the rest but my asura race has the ability to communicate with all intelligent beings from birth and from the Third Order onwards all of us gained an ability that allows us to know the age of our opponents after tasting some of their blood."

"What?" Nikolay looked at Thannath with eyes wide in shock.

In fact, it wasn't just the leader of Immortal Bloodlust who was shocked by Thannath's words but everyone else was shocked.

"Impressive." Medes sighed and shook his head, "To think that a race would innately possess the ability to read records without the support of the Soul Record....? What a shame."

The ability to know an opponent's age just by tasting some blood was no different than stealing records to analyze them, something that so far no one was able to do aside from the Soul Record. Although it was an insignificant extension compared to what the Soul Record could do, it was amazing that a race could do something like that.

As for the reason why the Lord of Heaven said it was a shame was because as a consequence of the acts committed by their ancestors the asura race would probably not manage to evolve too far. Otherwise, it was highly probable that the universe would enjoy hundreds of thousands of Higher Existences more considering that all asuras were warriors from birth.

But Thannath was not finished yet. After seeing the beautiful archangel nod toward him, indicating that he could continue, the asura emperor said words that chilled everyone's blood:

"This young man named Bai Zemin is a monster not only because of his battle ability but also because of the speed at which he is growing. I don't know if the world he lives in was already evolving from his birth, but this Bai Zemin was level 50 despite being only 20 years old and even though I didn't fight the woman so I don't know her age, I dare say she was also extremely young since if she was over 50 years old the passing of time should be noticeable considering that at the end of the day she was only First Order..."

"But the scariest thing of all is that considering the enormous amount of Soul Power they must have absorbed after this war between our races, it will probably boost them both considerably. Especially this brat Bai Zemin, he should be able to touch level 100 in no time.... That's why I think that if he survives, it might not take as long as you all think to catch up."

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3