Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

After the emperor of the asura race finished his words, he sighed softly. However, he was surprised to realize that the minuscule sigh that should have gone unnoticed amidst the breath of so many living beings together actually resounded as if it were the sigh of a dragon.

Not only had the place become strangely silent but even the breeze that carried the scent of blood from countless lost lives became stagnant.

The beautiful smile on Uriel's angelic face froze as she stared at Thannath.

The proud and explosive mood Michael seemed to have lost his tongue in combat as despite his mouth constantly opening and closing there was no sound coming out of it.

Everyone was left standing in the void or standing on the edge of the giant crater that surrounded the area as they stared at Emperor Thannath. However, the emperor of the asura race realized that even though all these powerful beings were staring at him, he for some reason did not feel pressured as before.... And he soon understood the why.

Even though beings as powerful as Lucifer were staring at Thannath in shock, they were not actually staring at him. All the Higher Existences present were not really looking at anything even though their eyes were open because their minds were still trying to process what they had just heard.

Lilith's pupils trembled for a split second before her usual cold and indifferent expression once again ruled over her beautiful face. However, only she knew how agitated her emotions were beneath her appearance covered by a layer of frozen frost.

Although she was approximately 60-70% certain that the main culprit of the destruction that had struck this world was Bai Zemin, that remaining 40-30% was what somehow kept Lilith calm. However, now that all doubt had disappeared, even she didn't know how to feel about it.

The first thing Lilith naturally felt was worry. How could she not be worried? After all, Bai Zemin had just faced beings far beyond his scale of power and Lilith was 100% sure that even for someone like him, it should in no way be possible to have come out unscathed after fighting to the death relentlessly for who knows how long against several Second Order existences, two Third Order existences, and even two Fourth Order existences.

Then, what Lilith felt was shock. She was dumbfounded to say the least. Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

About a month ago, Bai Zemin had killed a tiger, a spider, and left a Second Order ape half-dead; she had personally witnessed it. However, at that moment Bai Zemin had managed to do such a thing only thanks to the fact that he had launched his most powerful magical attack powered by another tremendously powerful magical skill; moreover, at that moment he had attacked by surprise the Second Order creatures that literally disdained to give him a second glance as they fought each other to the death.

Lilith simply could not understand how it was possible that in a little more or a little less than a month, Bai Zemin had gone from the aforementioned to being able to fight a Third Order being face to face!

It simply did not make sense!

If someone told Lilith that all Bai Zemin did was to sneak attack using Crimson Blood Judgment along with Gravity Manipulation and thus claimed the life of a Third Order being, then she could believe it only if that Third Order being was between levels 100 and 120; maybe even 130 if she pushed the sense of logic a little harder.... But killing two Third Order beings using the same method? Unless the asura race was actually a race of mindless apes, Lilith would never believe it.

Moreover, among the enemies that Bai Zemin had faced and killed was one of them that exceeded level 180! Considering that the total peak of the Third Order was level 200, the being called Glineira that Bai Zemin killed was considerably close to the Fourth Order!

Amidst the shock and worry, Lilith naturally felt a bit proud of Bai Zemin's achievements. At the same time, she felt a little bitter inside as not only had Bai Zemin grown a lot faster than she initially estimated and planned but he had become audacious enough to cross worlds in search of revenge.

Lilith simply could not understand. She could not understand how such a thing could be possible since before she left, she had helped Bai Zemin carefully pick his job for the Second Order.... Then how could he, who was not receiving stats boost by absorbing higher quality Soul Power, face beings that should completely overwhelm him? Lilith felt as if all her knowledge was crumbling before her eyes without her being able to do anything.

Feeling extremely complex inside but mostly overwhelmed with worry and anxious to know what kind of condition he was in, Lilith could not wait to return to Earth to see Bai Zemin with her own eyes; only then would she be able to calm down a bit.

However, Lilith was a smart woman. She knew that she could not show any kind of anxieties here or she would be found out immediately and everyone would realize that she knows something about this. Therefore, she used all her willpower (which was no small part) to force herself to keep her heartbeat under control and her expression indifferent.

"Well... I guess that changes everything." Uriel whispered as she blinked to hide the glint of surprise and disbelief that shone in her beautiful golden eyes.

The whisper of the beautiful archangel was like the church bell that in ancient times woke the people. The Higher Existences seemed to snap out of the daze they were in and as they looked at each other they noticed the shock in the eyes of their peers.

"20 years old, level 50, able to take on someone 130+ levels and two whole stages above him, defeat and kill two Third Order existences while still not advancing to Second Order...." Fire Sorrow gasped. She looked at Lucifer and her violet eyes twitched as she muttered, "L- Lucifer, if this is all true..."

Lucifer scratched his head and as his heart felt heavy he sighed. Looking at Valiant, he asked, "Hey, Valiant. You've always been the most objective of all the existences I've met throughout my life so I'd like to ask you a question."

Valiant looked at him and nodded with a stoic expression. She was the only one besides Lilith who didn't let her feelings show through her expression among those present.

"If all this is true, how long do you think this young man named Bai Zemin will take before he reaches the peak of the Fourth Order?" Lucifer asked calmly.

"Impossible to estimate." Valiant shook her head and pointed out, "Your Majesty Lucifer, you should know better than I do that this kind of irregularity cannot be judged by common sense."

"... Guess that's true." Lucifer scratched his head and asked in a tired voice, "Then, let me ask one last question.... If this Bai Zemin manages to break through beyond by himself, what do you think will happen?"

The atmosphere became several times heavier when Lucifer asked this question. Everyone could tell that the leader of the Demonic Army was not as calm as he usually was but no one judged him as everyone felt the same way.

Even Medes, Nikolay, Salazar, Eternal Phoenix, and Star Devourer were no different from Lucifer.

The eyes of Valiant flashed weirdly as she slowly said: "If in this universe there really does exist some Lower Existence called Bai Zemin capable of reaching the limit of the First Order in 20 years or less, defeating Third Order beings, and even surviving after facing at least one Fourth Order enemy..... If this existence manages to break the chains of a Lower Existence by himself, then the right question here is another one and I think Your Majesty already knows what it is."

"... Of course." Lucifer sighed and shook his head as he looked at the place where previously there was a portal, "If such a being really exists, if such a being continues to level up by absorbing high-quality Soul Power and does not allow himself to be lured by lower quality Soul Power to quickly rise through the ranks.... Who will dare to stand in his path?..... No, better said; will anyone be able to stand up against him?"

While everyone was in a daze not daring to believe what they were hearing, Lucifer looked at Lilith with lazy eyes and asked seemingly randomly, "What do you think, Bloody Succubus Lilith?"

Lilith looked confused before frowning and saying in a cold voice, "What do I think? I have no opinion on the matter. As long as my life can continue without too much change, what happens or doesn't happen should be none of my business. Isn't it the same for everyone here? What is there to be afraid of? To begin with, is there any use worrying about something unknown and a mere hypothesis of what might happen?"

The words of Lilith made everyone nod subconsciously and a great deal of the worry that weighed on everyone's hearts slowly disappeared.

"Little sister, you're a really smart lady." Uriel smiled sweetly, leaving countless males of the various factions present dumbfounded. "There are many things we need to do instead of pointlessly worrying about something we don't even know for sure."

Many began to murmur again and nod their heads at the comments of their peers. It seemed that the words of Lilith of the Demonic Army and the comment of Uriel of the Army of Heaven actually had some positive effect.

"Heh." Lucifer chuckled softly as he looked at Lilith without commenting further on the matter. He looked at Thannath and asked in a deep voice, "So, emperor of the asura race. How about telling us about the skills of this young man named Bai Zemin? Any information you have about him would be fine and would be appreciated by us. Furthermore, I, Lucifer, leader of the Demonic Army and the most powerful faction at the moment, swear that this world will not be altered by any of us present so speak freely to gain that benefit."

Although Lucifer's words caused certain faces to turn a bit ugly, no one actually commented on it.

To begin with, none of the Higher Existences present had in mind to harm the Oblon World or its residents. After all, the Higher Existences were really proud beings who saw beneath them fighting against Lower Existences.

Last but not least, although what Lucifer said was not pleasant to the ears and sounded extremely arrogant, it was not as if his words were pure fallacies either.

At this moment, the Demonic Army was undoubtedly the most powerful faction as they had had plenty of time to rest and recover from the wounds they suffered from their last defense in the Crimson Rift. On the contrary, the other factions had less time as they had defended more recently than the Demonic Army; especially the Army of Heaven, they were the ones that could be considered the weakest faction at the moment as far as the number of Higher Existences was concerned.

Of course, even though the Army of Heaven had a greater shortage of angels, they were not weak at all. After all, God was a being who had been alive for countless millions of years along with a few others, so the number of natural treasures Heaven possessed was simply colossal.

Thannath was naturally relieved to know that the beings in front of him would not cause massacres and disturbances. After all, the Oblon World and the asura race required time to recover from the losses suffered in this war.

"Skills...."Thannath muttered as he thought carefully about his short confrontation against Bai Zemin.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3