Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The requirements to evolve the skill Regeneration from the maximum level of the Second Order to the initial level of the Third Order were so monstrous that the face of Bai Zemin turned pale.

The number of First Order Soul Stones was too high to evolve a single skill while the number of Second Order Soul Stones was terrifying enough to scare anyone away.

Even leaving aside the fact of needing several hundred natural stat points in each of the six trackable stats, the requirement of Soul Stones was enough for the skill Regeneration to stay at that same level it was currently at for several tens of years.

However, the time needed for evolution, as well as its difficulty, had skyrocketed to colossal heights with the latest requirement. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

A Third Order Soul Stone.

To obtain a Third Order Soul Stone one needed to possess the strength to engage and kill Third Order existences. What did this mean? It meant that even those worlds as powerful as the Oblon World did not have enough powerhouses to casually kill Third Order beings to obtain Soul Stones of such a high rank!

In the entire Oblon World which was ruled by three Fourth Order powerhouses, three of which two of them briefly fought against Bai Zemin, there were barely a couple of Third Order beings and considering that the higher the Order of an existence the harder it was to find a Soul Stone in their heads, the difficulty of evolving Regeneration to the Third Order could be imagined.

In fact, were it not for the fact that Bai Zemin was a monster that could not be judged by common sense, he could simply forget about evolving the skill Regeneration for at least a few dozen years and even a few centuries would not be unusual.

It was clear that the skill Regeneration of the Third Order was not a skill that a First Order existence should possess. As for why this was so, it was naturally due to the exaggeratedly high requirements.

What other First Order existence besides Bai Zemin was really capable of completing such stupidly high requirements? Bai Zemin honestly doubted that within the Soul Record's embrace there was another being capable of doing something like this.

This was not because he was arrogant but precisely because even someone like him, who had all his stats infinitely close to four digits and whose power allowed him to face beings two stages above, feared before the records that the skill Regeneration needed to acquire to evolve further.

Bai Zemin stared at the green window glowing in his retina and his eyes were filled with hesitation.

After all, he only had a single Third Order Soul Stone; the only one in the entire faction.

What if the skill Regeneration continued to evolve on a path that would not head in the direction Bai Zemin hoped to walk? Wouldn't this mean that he would be wasting large numbers of valuable Soul Stones among which was even a Third Order one?

As the leader of a growing faction, Bai Zemin knew that it was not right for him to take such a great risk.

After all, the power contained in a Third Order Soul Stone was enough for Bai Zemin to build a Goblin Magic Cannon as long as he could find some more materials.

What did a Goblin Magic Cannon represent? Basically, it meant that a well-stationed base would be protected even during the Second Evolutionary Stage of planet Earth. It represented firepower and defense that only a horde of extremely strong enemies would be able to break through but normal armies could put aside any fantasy of breaking through.

However, Bai Zemin was not just a faction leader... At the end of the day and first of all, Bai Zemin was a warrior and mage who needed to become more powerful as soon as possible.

Therefore, despite all the hesitation and against what any other logical being would do, Bai Zemin approached Shangguan Bing Xue and whispered something in her ear under the eyes of everyone present.

Shangguan Bing Xue looked at him in confusion but did not ask too many questions and simply handed him the Third Order Soul Stone that she even now held tightly in one of her hands as if she feared someone would steal it from her.

Bai Zemin walked away without a word as he fiddled with the small glowing fire-red rock.

He seemed to be in a sort of trance as he gathered the Soul Stones that would soon be consumed into a small pile and then, with lingering fear, he tossed the Third Order Soul Stone into the air.

[Starting the evolution process of the skill Regeneration.]

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!...

A green message flashed in Bai Zemin's retina as he confirmed that he wished to continue the process of evolving the skill. Moments later, the Third Order Soul Stone hovered three or four meters above the ground while the First Order and Second Order Soul Stones flew to form a circle around the most important Soul Stone of all.

"That's... That's..." Shangguan Bing Xue watched in disbelief at the unmistakable process in which a skill grew to new heights.

All the soul evolvers present had experienced something similar at least once to evolve one of their skills whether it was a level or an Order. However, this time it was different.

The bright light spread out powerfully with the Third Order Soul Stone as the center and an instant later all the Soul Stones began to glow brightly enough to simulate a small artificial sun that forced many nearby soldiers to look away for fear of being blinded.

The power released from the small glowing sun sent shivers down the spines of almost everyone present and even someone as powerful as Shangguan Bing Xue felt incredulous.

"Bai Zemin, what kind of skill-" Shangguan Bing Xue walked next to him and seemed to want to ask what kind of skill he was evolving as to need a Third Order Soul Stone as she kept her gaze fixed on the sky.

However, when she looked at his face and noticed his pale profile, she subconsciously stopped and watched him carefully.

The face of Bai Zemin was terribly pale, his naked torso and his face were drenched with sweat, and his right fist was clenched so tightly that his knuckles turned white from lack of proper blood circulation.

Shangguan Bing Xue did not need to question anything as she felt the trembling in his ever firm gaze to realize that even Bai Zemin did not know what would come out of all this.

Simply put, Bai Zemin was once again risking everything on a single roll of the dice.

Even the face of Shangguan Bing Xue turned slightly pale as she realized this fact. After all, what Bai Zemin was consuming here were huge sums of Soul Stones; and they were not Unclassified Soul Stones, they were valuable Soul Stones that in a sense represented the future foundation of the entire faction!

Now, all she could do was to pray.... Because if Bai Zemin was so nervous then it meant that even he was not confident of getting anything good out of all this.

So, if Bai Zemin's bet turned out to be correct, all would be well since as the leader and main source of power the entire Transcendent faction would benefit.... However, if his bet ended up failing, then the losses would really be a bit unbearable.

* * *

Oblon World.

After asking as many questions as they thought possible, the factions of Higher Existences fell silent. Each leader seemed to be deep in their own thoughts as to what to do next.

However, the thoughts of all were mainly focused on the spear that Sirius had thrown.

Recently, Emperor Thannath had told them that the emperor of the ghost race had charged toward the portal to stop Bai Zemin in an attempt to halt the spread of the blue flames. Therefore, the fact that Jack had not returned and that Bai Zemin had been seen by Lucifer being pulled to the other side of the portal, had made it more than clear who had emerged victorious from that battle.

While Thannath was incredulous and could in no way accept that a fatally wounded First Order existence could have taken the life of someone like Jack, who possessed power no less than his own, the Higher Existences understood more clearly what had happened.

It was clear that Sirius' spear had killed that Fourth Order existence. However, the question that everyone was asking but no one could answer was the following:

"Why didn't that First Order Lower Existence die after being impaled by Sirius' spear but the other Fourth Order Lower Existence did?" Star Devouring questioned.

Although his beastly mouth did not move, his words reached everyone present clearly.

Fire Sorrow looked at Lucifer with questioning eyes. She seemed to be more and more certain that this person called Bai Zemin might be the reincarnation of the Heavenly Wolf who was once feared and respected by myriads of races.

Lucifer gave her a sidelong glance and shook his head as he sighed to himself. Unlike Fire Sorrow, he understood some things much better and could also keep his mind clear by letting aside the emotions that clouded reasoning.

Just then, an angel with three pairs of wings stepped forward and descended from the sky.

Three pairs of wings, an archangel.

A being of the Seventh Order.

This was a handsome man wearing a white robe with gold embroidery. His black hair was tied in a delicate bun and a crown of silver leaves decorated his head. His beauty, far from being of the masculine style, could make him look like a woman were it not for certain aspects such as the firmness of his jaw.

The eyes of Medes and the other members of the Army of Heaven lit up slightly at the sight of this archangel stepping forward.

On the other hand, Lucifer, Luciah, Fire Sorrow, and a few members of the Demonic Army narrowed their eyes at the sight of him.

The name of this archangel was Gabriel.

Gabriel was probably the weakest Seventh Order existence in the universe in terms of mere power; so much so that some of the most powerful Sixth Order Higher Existences were capable of matching him. However, none would dare to underestimate him and those who had done so had already perished.

Gabriel was known in heaven as the most intelligent and brilliant existence in the universe. His planning was near perfect in most cases, his intelligence seemed to have transcended a new level, and his ever-calm mind helped him utilize each of his skills so optimally that even the most powerful had to take their hats off before him.

"Little friend, how are you?" Gabriel smiled softly as he looked at Thannath.

His voice was as soft as the spring breeze, which unconsciously ended up helping Emperor Thannath relax a bit. Of course, this was also part of Gabriel's magic.

Gabriel looked at Fire Sorrow with a smile and his eyes flashed strangely before he looked back at Thannath and said slowly, "It seems that one of us here has some wild thoughts, thoughts that should die to avoid suffering in the long run.... How about you help us?"

The archangel Gabriel sounded like a truly holy and pious being who could not wait to help the lost lambs. However, those who knew him well enough were aware that the only thing pure about Gabriel was probably his perfectly white wings as his mind was as scheming as anyone's.

Thannath looked confused but still said dutifully, "Even though I don't know how, this young one will help in any way possible."

"That's good." Gabriel nodded and his eyes curved slightly, giving him an extremely angelic appearance. He looked at Fire Sorrow and said word by word, "You just have to answer one more question, that's all..... Earlier and if I remember correctly, you said that this world was linked to another world, didn't you?"

"Y- Yes..." Thannath nodded hesitantly before saying carefully, "This... Can the lord Angel explain a little more? This young man is hopeless and doesn't understand."

"Hahaha..." Gabriel chuckled softly before calmly saying, "Well, it's okay little friend. For now, let's just start with whether or not you know the name of that world."

Lilith stood in a corner among the members of the Demonic Army as she observed everything indifferently. In fact, she wasn't worried at all despite having heard Gabriel's seemingly key question.

After all, what if they knew the name of the planet? Lilith doubted that with the name of a world anyone could do anything about it.

However, soon Lilith would realize that not only she was tremendously wrong but that all her plans would be one step away from complete collapse.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3