Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"The name of the world to which Oblon World was connected?" The emperor of the asura race was taken by surprise at the archangel's question.

After all, the Cosmos Gate only served to stabilize a passage in the middle of the chaotic void to allow Oblon World to invade other worlds or vice versa; of course, the vice versa case had never happened until today since the Cosmos Gate was created with high-rank runes that ensured Oblon World would always connect to less evolved worlds.

As for the name of other worlds, even now the emperor of the asura race did not know them.

Gabriel frowned slightly but even then the smile on his face stayed unchanged as he said quietly, "Could it be that you don't know?"

At this point, even though Gabriel was smiling, all those who knew this archangel knew that it was not for nothing that he had received the title Bloodthirsty Strategist.

If there was one thing Gabriel hated and detested it was when his plans didn't go the way he expected them to. Therefore, he would usually destroy completely anything that would prejudice his ideas in any way. Even slaughtering others just because he couldn't get what he expected from them was nothing strange.

"This..." Thannath slowly began to sweat as he realized that even though the smile on the face of the archangel steps ahead had not changed, somehow the asura emperor felt that depending on his next words his life might be in danger of ruin.

Lucifer frowned and said in disgust: "Six-winged pigeon, did you not hear what I said before? If you dare to touch this Lower Existence or this world, I will sweep the ground with your face to see if you can still continue smiling like that."

Lucifer had promised that he and his Demonic Army would see to it that no one caused trouble in Oblon World or hurt its residents if Emperor Thannath was honest and answered the questions they asked. Therefore, he would keep his word no matter what.

Wouldn't he, one of the most powerful beings in the universe, become a joke if word spread that the great Lucifer was nothing but a liar? Although Lucifer never cared what others might think about him, being called a liar was something he always hated; moreover, he hated all those who did not keep their word.

"Oya..." Gabriel pretended to be surprised as he looked at Lucifer and said in a clear voice, "Lord of the Demonic Army, are you trying to besmirch my good name? Our Army of Heaven has a better reputation than your Demonic Army even among the Lower Worlds you know? So maybe it would be better if you would be more concerned about taming your pets instead of trying to take care of other people's pets, don't you think?"

It was true that the Army of Heaven had a very good reputation, a lot higher than the Demonic Army's. Medes was known to be a caring being who had even prevented the annihilation of several races by indirectly and without breaking the rules of the Soul Record supporting the natural residents of some worlds.

On the other hand, Lucifer was a lazy leader and as a consequence of the excessive freedom that the members of the Demonic Army had, the number of living beings that had died were so many that with the passage of time the reputation of this faction was dyed black as well as the wings they had behind their backs.

Ignoring Lucifer's frown, Gabriel looked at Fire Sorrow and said with a smile, "Besides, Lord of the Demonic Army, this little lamb is only trying to help correct the wayward thoughts of one of the members of your faction..." Then, Gabriel looked at Lucifer back and smiled slightly as he said in a calm manner, "Won't that be of great help to you as well? You need not worry, Lord Demon. I won't do anything bad."

Lucifer sighed as if he was tired of life in general. He ignored the hypocrite named Gabriel and looked at Medes lazily as he slowly said, "Hey, old man. You better put your dogs on a leash or they might eat something that is poisonous and will end their doggish lives sooner than expected."

Medes frowned slightly and said in a clear voice, "Gabriel, that's enough."

The smile on Gabriel's face did not change at all as he bowed to Medes and withdrew the slight murderous intent that had begun to be born unnoticed in his gaze; murderous intent that was naturally aimed at the emperor of the asura race.

After all, the Demonic Army was currently far more powerful than the Army of Heaven. Of course, considering the strong foundation of the Army of Heaven, if the Demonic Army or any other faction wanted to eliminate them, they would definitely see their own foundations shaken to the point where they would naturally disappear with the passage of time.

However, Medes did not want to clash against Lucier now; after all, Lucifer was really powerful. Therefore, it was temporarily better to put up with some things no matter how uncomfortable they made him feel.

Everyone in the Army of Heaven agreed with their Lord. Of course, Gabriel was no different; it was just that sometimes it wasn't easy for him to suppress his temper and desire to have everything under control. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

"Now I remember!" Thannath suddenly exclaimed aloud. His eyes shone brightly as he said cheerfully, "Even though the Cosmos Gate has no other function than to open a safe space passage to a world weaker than the father world, I had a brief conversation with this person named Bai Zemin and inadvertently or not but he did reveal the name of his world!"

"Oh!" Gabriel's eyes twinkled like stars lighting up galaxies and he clapped his hands softly as he pressed with a smile, "Then can you tell us what is the name of this world that this person named Bai Zemin belongs to?"

"Yes!" Thannath nodded. Then, with an excited smile at being able to answer another question from the powerful Higher Existences before him, he revealed, "This Bai Zemin said that the world he belongs to is called Earth! Moreover, this world is just a world that is only in its First Evolutionary Stage and...."

Thannath continued speaking non-stop as he gave all the information he knew about the world of Bai Zemin. Aside from the name, Thannath could gather a lot of information about the worlds that the Cosmos Gate connected to Oblon World thanks to the mana that went through the portal to later be absorbed by the glowing object in the sky.

However, the asura emperor was so excited by the fact that he had gained more credit for his race and ensured more of his own survival by avoiding raising the wrath of the powerful beings before him that he did not notice how the expression of some of the Higher Existences belonging to the Demonic Army and the Army of Heaven changed tremendously.

Suddenly and without anyone having time to react, Fire Sorrow suddenly teleported and appeared in front of Emperor Thannath.

The next words of the emperor of the asura race got stuck in his throat when the beautiful face of the woman who had previously healed him of all his wounds was reflected in his pupils at an extremely close distance.

Fire Sorrow reached forward with lightning speed and grabbed Thannath's neck. Then, she waved her magic staff and the Sixth Order Soul Stone that adorned the top of it lit up.

"Wait!"

Medes was the first to react and he took a step forward in an attempt to stop her, but by the time he realized what was happening, Fire Sorrow had already disappeared along with the asura emperor.

Lucifer's eyes were wide in shock as he muttered incoherent words.

Even the ever indifferent Luciah had an expression of shock on her face.

Uriel, Michael, Gabriel, and a small handful of other beings had expressions of utter disbelief on their faces.

It was as if they had heard the most amazing thing in the cosmos even though they were just words spoken by a Lower Existence that they would usually simply ignore and not even bother to know.

Lilith blinked in surprise but when she noticed the spatial movement, she quickly judged the possible trajectory in which Fire Sorrow was moving and the murderous intent grew in her eyes.

She drew her sword and slashed the void in front of her.

A crack barely big enough to allow Lilith to pass through opened immediately and after she stepped forward and disappeared into the pitch blackness on the other side the crack closed again.

Lucifer quickly turned around and opened a huge magical portal before dashing inside without waiting for anyone.

"Move!" Luciah commanded in a trembling voice before following Lucifer and disappearing.

Under the strong impulse of beings like Valianth, Crow, and Hellscar, all the members of the Demonic Army present rushed into the magical portal opened by Lucifer and disappeared in a matter of seconds.

Swoosh!

The portal of the Demonic Army had barely closed when Uriel created a huge golden magical circle that enveloped all the Higher Existences of the Army of Heaven.

Seconds later, the Army of Heaven disappeared in its entirety as well.

The other faction leaders exchanged blank looks before Salazar laughed emotively as he roared:

"This looks like fun. Let me join in too!"

Then he waved his hand and the huge spaceships appeared.

Nikolay, Eternal Phoenix, and Star Devourer naturally did not lag behind and used their means to move through space alongside their respective factions.

However, when these four leaders tried to follow the spatial traces left behind by Lucifer and Uriel's magic, the expressions of all of them changed and their faces turned a bit ugly as they noticed that the perception of each of them had been blocked by some sort of high-ranking magic or treasure.

"Those two bastards!" Star Devourer roared angrily. His aura naturally began to slowly affect the world as he said in fiery anger, "They really don't want to let us go to hide something important! Damn you, Medes, Lucifer!"

Eternal Phoenix, Nikolay, and Salazar were not happy about this fact either. However, there was nothing they could do about it.

Seeing Star Devourer angry, the three of them exchanged glances and a glint of cunning shone in each of their eyes. Without a word, they simply took their faction members and disappeared using different methods of teleportation or space travel.

Star Devourer in his state of rage wanted nothing more than to destroy everything. However, what little trace of rationality he had left made him realize that if he destroyed this world his faction and the Demonic Army would actually become mortal enemies since what he would be doing would be no different than kicking Lucifer's face in.

Therefore, even though Star Devourer was not fearful of anything and loved to destroy things, he wisely decided to leave despite his anger. He could probably take it out on some uninhabited worlds or stars.

* * *

Swoosh!

Fire Sorrow didn't take too long to appear around the Solar System. She clearly knew where she was going since she used her most powerful teleportation magic and which she could only use once every half year to get to this place.

She flew full speed ahead while carrying Emperor Thannath by the neck. Of course, she had erected a magical barrier around the man as the pressure of the speed at which Fire Sorrow was moving could turn his body into a bloody mist.

Not long after Fire Sorrow, a huge dark circle opened up in the void and the members of the Demonic Army emerged from within under the guidance of Lucifer and Luciah.

Seconds later, the same happened with the Army of Heaven.

However, before all of them, there was someone else waiting just in front of the blue planet.

A red-edged spatial rift slowly closed as a beautiful woman emerged from within.

This beautiful woman was naturally Lilith.

Lilith looked at the bright blue world behind her and sighed to herself. Things were getting more and more out of control.

Even she, who was ranked as one of the most brilliant geniuses in the history of the firmament, was limited in what she could do. After all, Lilith was not all-powerful.

Suddenly and as if she felt something, Lilith looked forward with cold eyes.

"Lilith?" Fire Sorrow was surprised. "How did you get here so fast?"

"...Who knows," Lilith replied indifferently. She narrowed her eyes dangerously and the Mana in her body began to move slowly as she calmly said, "Fire Sorrow, where are you going?"

Fire Sorrow frowned as she realized that not only Lilith was preparing to use powerful magic but also held her sword with the intention of fighting here and now.

However, Fire Sorrow's eyes suddenly lit up and she seemed to understand something as she quickly said, "Don't get it wrong, Lilith. I have no intention of hurting this Lower Existence to silence it, far from it. Of course, I don't plan to betray the faction either. I am just looking for a blue planet."

Then, under Lilith's shocked eyes, Fire Sorrow looked at the surroundings with a frown and whispered, "If I'm not mistaken .... If I'm not mistaken, it should be this way."

Lilith's pupils trembled softly as she looked back. The bright blue light reflected off her face and her crimson eyes reflected the image of the beautiful planet called Earth.

Lilith looked ahead, but all she found was Fire Sorrow flying around trying to find something.

.... What was going on here? Lilith asked in her heart, shocked and in commotion. Couldn't Fire Sorrow see the blue planet behind her?

Not much later, Lucifer and Medes leading hundreds of thousands of Higher Existences appeared in the distance.... However, even without them coming any closer, Lilith was sure that none of them could see anything but empty space.

This was the first time Lilith experienced such a shock since her birth.

* * * * * * *

Title of the chapter: Higher Existences that cannot see the Earth.

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3