Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

There were many things that needed to be tested with the skill Overlap Regeneration. However, Bai Zemin was clear on what would be the first use he would put it to.

"I'm fine." He said trying to act calm.

However, it was clear that the excitement in his voice betrayed Bai Zemin as Shangguan Bing Xue looked at him doubtfully and couldn't help but ask in a low voice:

"Success?"

Even if she did not explain what she was referring to by "success?", Bai Zemin naturally understood that what she meant was whether the evolved skill had been worth the price to pay.

He looked at her with shining eyes and said in a deep voice, "Right now, even if I meet that Ghost Emperor for a second time, I'm sure I definitely wouldn't end up in this miserable state I'm in and would probably be able to give him a good farewell gift even if I couldn't kill him."

Shangguan Bing Xue's heart skipped a beat and she looked at Bai Zemin with surprise. Soon, however, all the surprise she felt turned to joy.

"That's great!" She exclaimed as her blue eyes shone brightly.

The excitement on Shangguan Bing Xue's face was as clear as the rays of sunlight slowly fading away to let the darkness descend over the world. Seeing this kind of expression on her usually cold face would naturally have left many dumbfounded if not for all the crazy things that happened in such a short time.

In fact, Bai Zemin even went so far as to think that if it weren't for the fact that there were too many people here Shangguan Bing Xue might have jumped on him to hug him.... Or maybe he was too excited about acquiring such a powerful skill and so now he was even thinking too many nonsense things.

Pushing all thoughts to the back of his head and determined to end all this as quickly as possible, Bai Zemin looked at Kang Lan and asked in a deep voice, "Have you finished evolving your skill?"

Kang Lan snapped out of her surprise and hurriedly nodded, "Yes! Although I can continue evolving it for another level, I need too many Second Order Soul Stones to proceed. I think at this point with how high the leader's Health stat should be plus my skill, your arm should be able to link back together after a week."

"A week?" Bai Zemin repeated Kang Lan's final words with a strange expression on his face.

Was his stats Health being underestimated? Not to mention now that Bai Zemin had received such a monstrous skill....

However, Kang Lan thought that he was not satisfied with the result so she quickly added: "Leader, don't worry. Even if during this time it fails to connect your arm perfectly, it definitely won't rot so there's no need to think of countermeasures to prevent it from rotting."

Shangguan Bing Xue took a step forward and looked at Bai Zemin to give her opinion:

"Bai Zemin, even if you can't move your left arm for a couple of days, there's no need to worry." She said with a small knowing smile. "After all, I don't think that on the current Earth there is any enemy capable of handling fighting you for more than a few minutes even if you only have one arm. By the time a few more days pass and under Kang Lan's care, you will come back stronger than ever!"

Bai Zemin shook his head and in his heart forced a smile. Although he understood the thoughts of the two women in front of him, it was difficult to explain his own.

Therefore, he decided to prove it with actions instead of words.

The first thing Bai Zemin did was to ask Kang Lan to whisper in his ear all the records of her newly evolved skill. After all, Bai Zemin had already learned after experiencing in the past that sharing one's soul records with another existence could lead to deep soul wounds so he did not dare to test whether Kang Lan was able to share records with him.

The physical body of Bai Zemin was wounded at high levels and his soul was too exhausted after everything that had happened today. Even if Bai Zemin was brave, he was not foolish to take the risk of even damaging his soul. One needed to know that stats were primarily etched into the soul of an existence so if the soul was damaged the stats would plummet until that damage was recovered. At a time like this, the last thing Bai Zemin wanted was to lose stats.

[High-Rank Recovery (Second Order active skill) level 4: Increases the healing power depending on the user's Magic stat and the target's Health stat where the higher both stats are the greater the effect will be. Now, you can not only heal light wounds but even those on the verge of death can be brought back by you depending on the power difference between the target and the user. Increases the power of bone healing x5. The skill can be used 10 times per day and consumes 20 Mana points per activation.]

The difference was clear as day. Compared to the skill Recovery, High-Rank Recovery was undoubtedly superior in every possible aspect.

The only bad thing was that Kang Lan did not have 200 Mana points yet so it was impossible for her to activate all 10 times in one shot. However, there was no problem as long as she was allowed to take a short break to recover Mana; this way, Kang Lan could use the ten daily heals without too much headache.

Bai Zemin's eyes lit up with joy when he saw that now the healing power also depended on the target's Health stat.

Previously he had thought that in two or three days at most he would return to his peak condition. However, with things as they were, he could return to his 100% even today!

After all, the skill Overlap Regeneration did not allow Bai Zemin to take points from his Health stat because if he subtracted the Health points to 0 then he would die and even taking a few points could be disastrous. However, the skill didn't say anything about increasing points using other stats!

"Kang Lan, when I give you the signal, use all possible healing on me without stopping." Bai Zemin said in a serious voice.

Receiving Bai Zemin's intense gaze, Kang Lan was nervous whether sitting or standing. Even she who had no liking for anyone or much less was no stranger to Bai Zemin's charm; of course, this did not mean that she was falling in love with him and was just a woman appreciating a handsome face just like men did with beautiful women.

"A- All right." She nodded and muttered under her breath.

Receiving the healer's confirmation, Bai Zemin looked at his status window just to make sure which stat he would use next.

------------------------------------

[Bai Zemin -]

[Status Points: 20]

[Level: 50]

[Race: Human]

[Class: Blood Berserker]

[Subclass: Lord]

[Soul Contract: Endless Blue Lotus Flame]

[Titles: One Hit to Kill - Irregular - Brilliant Mind - Savior of the World - Destroyer of Destroyers - One VS Millions]

[Strength: 850 (+55) / Agility: 970 (+95) / Health: 663 (+20) / Stamina: >1185< 1216 (+35) / Mana: >41< 751 (+65) / Magic: 759 (+155) ]

(A/N: Just in case but I decided to put between the symbols >< the amount that Bai Zemin has at the moment since he recently experienced several battles).

[Skills-]

[Active: ]

[Blood Manipulation (Second Order active skill) level 3 / Crimson Blood Judgment (Third Order active skill) level 5 / Regeneration (Third Order active skill) level 1 / Shadow Blink (First Order active skill) level 1 / Lightning Movement (Second Order active skill) level 5 / Invisibility (First Order active skill) level 1 / Gravity Manipulation (First Order active skill) level 5 / Void Fist (Third Order active skill) level 1 / All For One (Third Order UNIQUE skill) level 5.]

[Passive: ]

[Special Forces Soldier (Unranked passive skill) level 5 / Stone Heart (Third Order passive skill) level 5 / Superhuman Health (First Order passive skill) level 5 / Silver Skin (Second Order passive skill) level 1 / Mechanic (Unranked passive skill) level 5 / Throwing (Unranked passive skill) level 5 / God of War's Will (Third Order passive skill) level 5 / Blacksmithing (First Order passive skill) level 5 / Danger Sense (Unranked passive skill) level 5 / Enhanced Dexterity (First Order passive skill) Level 5 / Blood Berserker's Wrath (UNIQUE skill)]

------------------------------------

Bai Zemin had grown a lot and his status window was proof of that. He could still access to his old records and after comparing the first time he saw his status window with the current status window his growth became much, much more noticeable.

That status window not only reflected his full strength but also reflected each of the records that Bai Zemin's soul had absorbed after countless battles to make him what he was today. Ne/w novel chaptð’†rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Regardless, Bai Zemin realized that his highest stat was undoubtedly the Stamina stat with over 1200 points in total. Therefore, it was clear which stat he would use to boost his Health stat for a couple of seconds.

As this would be the first time Bai Zemin would use Overlap Regeneration he did not dare to bring his Stamina to 0 as he had no idea what would happen and what Bai Zemin least wanted was to faint out of nowhere or suffer even worse consequences. Therefore, he decided to play it safe for now.

Bai Zemin silently activated Overlap Regeneration and suddenly a strange golden light enveloped the outline of his silhouette.

As everyone looked at him in surprise as at this moment he looked like a god despite his beaten condition, Bai Zemin quickly dislodged the blood arm and brought his left arm to the shoulder joint as he hurriedly said, "Kang Lan, now!"

As Kang Lan extended both hands forward and the magic began to dance around her, Bai Zemin hurriedly borrowed 900 points from his Stamina stat and unhesitatingly added them to his Health stat all at once.

Bai Zemin felt every pore of his body open up at the same time and the wounds on his body began to heal at speeds that could only be described as monstrous. However, not everything was rosy as he immediately felt every cell in his body go wild as if having consumed some kind of magic drug.

As if the aforementioned was not enough, the sudden loss of Stamina hit him with a wave of exhaustion that almost sent him straight to the ground despite still having over 200 points.

The unbearable itch made his face twitch a little but the worst was yet to come.

Swoosh!

Swoosh!

Swoosh!

In just a second, Kang Lan had sent three white orbs of light with golden flashes toward Bai Zemin; orbs which were absorbed by his body.

"Ugh!" Bai Zemin's eyes widened in an instant and a small grunt that would have been a cry of pain if not for him restraining it escaped from his mouth.

But this was just the beginning.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

Kang Lan sent another four orbs filled with healing magic into Bai Zemin's body in a span of just 2 seconds.

Her face turned as pale as a sheet as her steps faltered and she almost fell to the ground. Kang Lan had just consumed all her Mana in one shot so she immediately became nauseous as if something important was missing from her organism.

However, there was no doubt that the one who was living worse in this place was Bai Zemin.

"AAAAARGH!"

Regardless of whether there were thousands watching him, this kind of pain was not something a living being could bear... Even for Bai Zemin, who was tenacious and cruel against himself, couldn't help but let out a terrifying scream towards the sky as he rolled on the ground.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3