Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Lilith did not even have time to look back and her first instinct was naturally to try to protect the blue planet. After all, that was the world where Bai Zemin was based!

However, Lilith knew perfectly well that despite being a genius capable of fighting against someone an Order above her, she was not Bai Zemin after all.... Even fighting against a Seventh Order existence was a challenge for Lilith let alone facing the Lord of Heaven.

Regardless of whether it was stats, combat experience, general experience, mana control, control over magic, and speed in casting magic spells; Medes surpassed Lilith in all of these by a considerably large margin... But how could he not surpass her? Lilith was not even 100 years old since she was born while Medes was one of the oldest beings in the universe!

Lilith felt her heart tighten to the point where it was difficult to breathe. Time seemed to have slowed down for her and the only thoughts that went through her head were two.

Her first thought was naturally her goal. Why she was doing all this to begin with, why she was working and enduring so much.

Before she met Bai Zemin, the only reason why she continued to breathe and the only reason why she decisively stood up even though her soul was so hurt after experiencing so many bad things throughout her life was precisely this goal.

It might be ironic but before meeting Bai Zemin, Lilith had planned to complete her life's mission and then seek for the eternal sleep. After all, why would someone who had already lost everything live?

However, after she met the Lower Existence known as Bai Zemin, Lilith's thoughts began to undergo subtle changes. These changes were so gradual and small that she did not notice them until not too long ago. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Although Lilith was relatively young when compared to the rest of the Higher Existences or any Third Order being onward, she, as bad as it might sound, was old enough to be the grandmother of someone as young as Bai Zemin. Therefore, she naturally had more experience and knowledge regarding the feeling called 'love'.

Lilith did not know whether she was in love with Bai Zemin or not, however, she was fully aware that she now awaited the arrival of a new day with greater enthusiasm compared to the past where she was not much different from a machine that lived for a single purpose.

Unlike in the past, she now had someone to chat with without having to worry about anything and without having to be bored by lustful glances or confessions based on her charm. She longed for the descent of the moon and the rise of the sun so that the human named Bai Zemin would wake up and she could chat with him more.

The last month had been more difficult than Lilith had expected because as the days went by, she could not wait to return to Earth; more precisely, to return to wherever he was. This naturally meant that at the very least she was beginning to feel strongly attracted to him and Lilith was fully aware of this fact or else it would be impossible that a couple of days of training magic would be enough to shake her mentality.

At the very least, Lilith was 100% sure that Bai Zemin was a very, very precious friend to her.

Soon, however, this would all be gone.

In the blink of an eye, Lilith's goal would become an impossibility as the only existence capable of helping her achieve it would die without even knowing why... At the same time, in the blink of an eye, the reason why Lilith now waited and longed for the descent of the moon and the rise of the sun would disappear forever, leaving her alone again.

Lilith did not know the reason why Medes suddenly attacked the Earth. She also did not know why he could see the planet that apparently no one else could. However, it was clear that as a consequence the God of Heaven would soon be killed by the Soul Record.

However, so what if Medes died? Was it of any use? At the end of the day, it was all over for her too.

Lilith remembered a sentence she once read somewhere, it was a short line from the conversation between an innocent girl and a little white rabbit.

'How long is forever? - Sometimes, just a second.'

That was how that one second felt to Lilith, eternal.

With her ruby-colored eyes burning with anger like a volcano about to explode and her heart as dead as a rose whipped by the cold winter storms, Lilith raised her sword and pointed at the sky above her head while looking at everyone present with killing intent.

Since she had already lost everything, then there was no need to hold anything back..... Not only was Medes going to be properly punished by the Soul Record but everyone, everyone here was going to pay a price they could never get up from!

Once someone's heart died, all that was left was pure indifference.

'Let the universe tremble for several million years and let the blood of these proud beings be the price to pay for your life.' Lilith prayed inwardly with chilling indifference.

"Bloody Succubus, what are you doing?" Lucifer suddenly stepped forward and asked loudly to get her attention.

Lilith glanced sideways at him and although she noticed Lucifer's confused but at the same time slightly tense expression, there was something different that caught her attention even more.

She looked in the direction of the Army of Heaven and then looked up at the sky in search of something. However, there was nothing there.

No lightning. Not nothing.

Lilith didn't know what method Fire Sorrow had used to survive the wrath of the Soul Record and in her condition of sadness and anger she ended up forgetting that since Fire Sorrow possessed such a method it wouldn't be at all strange if Medes had his own as well.

'But it's fine anyway.' Lilith smiled beautifully as her eyes glittered with bloodlust as she looked at everyone. 'Even if the Lord of Heaven doesn't die, he may no longer have Heaven to rule over several millennia from now!"

Suddenly, the smell of blood began to spread in the surroundings. It started out as just a faint smell but at lightning speed, it grew to the point where that faint smell reached the level of being nauseating.

Even the dark outer space began to tinge slightly red as if real blood was spreading like waves throughout the universe.

"Firmament Fragment!" Uriel exclaimed with surprise in her beautiful golden eyes.

It was hard for her to believe that the beautiful woman in a black dress belonging to the Demonic Army had not only managed to ascend to the Sixth Order when she was less than a century old but even possessed a Firmament Fragment!

"Which Firmament Fragment is this?" Gabriel frowned as he looked at Lilith with slight concern. He really hated everything unknown!

The members of the Demonic Army were also shocked.

"Just as I expected." Valiant nodded with a serious expression on her face. "Bloody Succubus Lilith really is the holder of a Firmament Fragment."

"This..." Hellscar tried to catch the red blood only to realize that all he was accomplishing was staining his hands redder and redder. "What Firmament Fragment is this? Is it for attack? Is it for defense? Besides, where the hell is that damn smell of blood coming from?"

Lucifer and the rest naturally did not answer any of Hellscar's questions as even they had no idea what was going on.

However, the leader of the Demonic Army had a bad premonition about it so without losing his composure he looked towards the Army of Heaven's lineup and said to Medes in a loud voice: "Hey, old man! Why are you suddenly attacking a member of my faction? Apologize to her or do something about it if you don't want me to attack one of your angels in return! Let me tell you that I haven't slept in several hours so my accuracy might not be as good to narrowly miss as you just did!"

Medes scowled at Lucifer and a flash of anger shone in his eyes. Suddenly, however, he caught something in Lucifer's eyes that made him realize that things were not as simple as they seemed.

Although the Lord of Heaven did not understand what was going on, he was a man of sufficient experience to let pride and arrogance get in his way. Therefore, he looked at Lilith and with a slight smile said in a magnetic voice: "Young miss, don't you think that using the power of a Firmament Fragment just to be the punchline of a joke is too much? I think it will be better for you if you save that fighting eagerness and strength for the war that will be fought in the Crimson Rift in the next few years."

"A joke...?" Lilith muttered and just randomly glanced back, expecting to see nothing but rubble.

However, Lilith soon realized that in the midst of fear and grief she had overlooked something very important..... And that was the fact that as powerful as even the most insignificant magic attack launched by Medes was, it should have caused a colossal explosion after hitting something.

Lilith's pupils twitched violently as she stared in disbelief at the scene before her.

The Earth, which should have been destroyed, was perfectly intact there amidst the darkness of the universe barely illuminated by starlight.

Lilith felt her heart race brutally as she watched as the previously blue planet seemed to be covered by a blanket of crimson light with black lightning all around. She felt that the Earth was just an illusion like a mirage in the middle of the desert that after reaching out to touch it would disappear.

In the distance, a flash of bright silver light was moving farther and farther away until shortly after it exploded in the distance after impacting probably with some asteroid.

It was the beam of silver light that Medes had launched earlier.

Lilith didn't know what was going on but she quickly realized one thing... It was clear that the Lord of Heaven, God, had not especially targeted Earth by any means; it had been a mere coincidence since Lilith, the target he was trying to scare, was in the way.

She couldn't remember how long it had been or when her emotions had last been stirred like this. She had literally just experienced death and then the revival of her emotions in a matter of seconds.

With her heart previously turned to ashes now beating again, Lilith let out a great internal sigh as every nerve in her body relaxed. But she knew that regardless of what was happening and regardless of whatever was going on with the Earth, she could not give strange signals as she had no confidence in hiding anything from the old jackals watching her closely.

Especially Lucifer. Lilith had already realized that the Demon Lord was beginning to strongly suspect her so it was best to stay away from him the more the better.

With indifference, Lilith looked at Medes and said coldly, "I hope the Lord of the Army of Heaven won't 'joke' with me again. I only joke with my friends and in my life I only had three of whom only two are living. One of them is very far away in many senses of the word, the second will live forever in my heart, and the third is closer than the first but also farther away. You are none of them so I hope you will refrain with your jokes since as you may have noticed I am not particularly friendly."

Medes was dumbfounded. Everyone was dumbfounded as they looked at Lilith in amazement.

This succubus of the Demonic Army was not only tremendously beautiful but also terrifyingly brave! To think that with her Sixth Order strength she would actually dare to speak to Medes in that arrogant tone not once but twice!

Did she really believe that just because she had a Firmament Fragment, she was unrivaled under the heavens? There were several beings among those present who were Firmament Fragment holders and Medes was undoubtedly one of them!

"Hahaha..." Medes chuckled lightly. Even his smile was really attractive and the sound he made when he smiled was magical.

God looked at the succubus and said with a cheerful smile, "This is the first time in a long, long time that someone has spoken to me nonchalantly without fear of my position and that is really very precious. Young lady, may I know what your name is?"

Is this person an idiot? Such a thought was naturally born within Lilith. However, she simply smiled beautifully knowing that everything would be fine and her heavenly voice stretched out as she slowly said:

"You can call me Lilith."

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3