Bai Zemin walked silently and with his heart heavy toward the big bath under the guidance of one of the maids who worked in the villa. There were many of Bai Yong's relatives who had been slaughtered after they were found to have committed many crimes worthy of the death penalty so the number of staff was quite low at the moment.

"Sir, would you like to-"

"Leave."

The maid looked as if she intended to offer some kind of service but Bai Zemin didn't even bother to let her finish speaking and dismissed her.

The beautiful lady's face turned slightly pale and in fear of losing her life she quickly bowed deeply before retreating without looking back as she carefully closed the wooden door.

Bai Zemin looked back and sighed as he removed the lower part of his now useless armor.

"I really need to calm down a bit."

He said as he jumped into the large pool of warm water in the center of the room.

The records of so many lives that had been forcibly etched into his soul had taken somewhat of a toll on Bai Zemin and with his Stone Heart skill being so much weaker compared to what it was in the past, the effect this had had on him was not small.

In fact, at this moment even if a beautiful woman were to strip naked and dance sensually before him, Bai Zemin would surely dismiss her without giving her a second glance despite being a perfectly healthy young man.

He stood with the treasure orb in his hand tightly clutched in his fist as he plunged deeply into the warm water and let all the dirt and impurities on his skin be carried away by the current.

A few minutes passed and during that time Bai Zemin's world had become isolated from the outside world.

The only sound he could hear was the sound of the cascading water being spat out by four lion statues located at the four corners of the large pool.

After what seemed like an eternity, he emerged back to the surface and as the drops of water ran down his handsome face, his eyes slowly opened. However, those two eyes as black as midnight had already regained their usual calm and no complex emotions could be seen in them.

The only thing that shone in his eyes was firmness.

There was no time to waste. Bai Zemin knew better than anyone that time was the most valuable thing there was and a resource to be cherished to its fullest possible extent.

"Wasting time feeling regret.... Really, how pathetic." He shook his head as his indifferent voice echoed through the bathroom walls.

"I wonder if Lilith would make fun of me if she were here." Bai Zemin thought aloud as he sat on the edge of the pool and looked at the glowing orb he held in his fist.

"Cyan-colored orb.... Legend grade treasure." Bai Zemin said in a cheerful voice.

This was undoubtedly an extremely juicy reward and he could not wait for what fate had in store for him. Therefore, he broke the orb without a second thought just like his childhood times when he would tear like crazy the gift papers he received on his birthday to see the contents of each wrapper.

Bang!

A bang similar to a crystal glass shattering after falling to the floor followed by a bright flash of cyan light broke the nature of the room and Bai Zemin was forced to close his eyes momentarily as the cyan light spread everywhere.

Even before Bai Zemin opened his eyes, just based on the feeling transmitted from his hand, he had already identified precisely what kind of object he had received.

Now it only remained to check the nature of that object.

* * *

Outer space, Solar System, just outside the Earth's atmosphere.

After things calmed down, Lilith still continued being the spotlight while everyone seemed to ignore Fire Sorrow.

"Bloody Succubus, can you explain how you arrived here?" Valiant frowned slightly and asked in a serious voice.

Lilith looked at her and then looked at Lucifer before saying casually, "The reason I joined the Demonic Army is because I appreciate the personality of our Leader Lucifer. The only reason I didn't look for another faction to join is because the Demonic Army doesn't have as much pressure on its members as long as they follow the basic rules. How I got to this place so fast is one of my biggest secrets and I don't think we have enough trust to share it all."

Lucifer looked at Lilith with indifferent eyes waiting for her next words. He somehow already saw coming what would happen anyway.

"Therefore, if you guys want to force me to talk, I'm afraid you leave me no choice but to change sides." Lilith didn't wait for a response from anyone and ignored the looks of shock on the faces of each of the members of the Demonic Army. She looked at Medes and said coldly, "I heard that the Army of Heaven possesses a magical array capable of removing certain artificial records and recording others. Is that true?"

The Lord of Heaven's eyes sparkled as he heard Lilith's words. Medes nodded without hesitation and said in a soft voice, "Indeed. That is true."

Lilith nodded calmly and looked at Lucifer without another word.

Although Lilith said nothing more, it was clear what she meant to convey with her previous words.

If Lucifer or any other member of the Demonic Army continued asking her private questions, then Lilith would leave the faction immediately and join the Army of Heaven.

"Bloody Succubus, you!" Valiant glared at Lilith angrily and clutched both of her blades as she said in a righteous voice, "How can you say such words just because of a petty question?! Does the Demonic Army mean so few things to you?!"

Lilith looked at Valiant coldly and said indifferently, "Valiant, to you the Demonic Army may mean your home. But to me, it is nothing more than a means to an end. I just joined you all about a decade ago and you expect me to have that feeling of belonging that you all feel here? Don't be so naive please, we are all adults over here. For you, this might be an insignificant question, but for me, it is one of my biggest secrets... Do you want me to share my life-saving method with existences I barely know? Why don't you better ask me to cut my head off right here?"

Valiant's expression froze as she understood the meaning behind Lilith's words.

In fact, to Lilith, the Demonic Army was just a means to an end. After all, she needed a faction to become a Higher Existence. However, if Valiant or anyone else assumed that Lilith saw them as a family just because they were part of the same group, then they were all terribly misguided.

Although Valiant found many excuses to retort to Lilith's words, it would go against her personality. Valiant was a considerably upright woman so after realizing that what Lilith said made sense and did not lack logic, she simply took a step back even though she still did not agree with the path Lilith was taking.

All the Higher Existences of the Demonic Army looked at Lucifer. From the Fifth Order to the Seventh Order, they all awaited the final response from the supreme leader.

Even the members of the Army of Heaven were waiting for Lucifer's words. After all, if Lilith deserted the Demonic Army and joined them, the Army of Heaven would be gaining a powerful Sixth Order angel who had reached such a stage in just a century! This meant that it was highly likely that she would also be able to ascend to the Seventh Order within a few millennia more!

Lucifer sighed in his heart and looked at Lilith with complicated eyes as he slowly said, "You are a really smart woman, Bloody Succubus."

Lilith looked him in the eyes fearlessly and didn't respond to Lucifer's apparent praise that didn't really sound like one. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"Forget it, it's true that there is no such rule in our faction as revealing each of our secrets." Lucifer waved his hand at the void making his final decision.

After all, who didn't have secrets? It was impossible not to have them. Even less so in a faction like the Demonic Army where even among members sometimes battles to the death arose over petty disputes. Revealing all the trump cards in a world like this was no different from digging your own grave; this was true even for the Higher Existences as they too were constantly fighting their own wars.

Lilith nodded indifferently and silently canceled the ongoing activation of her second Firmament Fragment completely.

Mm?

Both Lucifer and Medes, as well as all the Seventh Order existences present, thought they heard a sigh of regret coming from somewhere. However, none of them sensed anything strange so they soon forgot about it.

Just then, Fire Sorrow approached with crestfallen eyes that were clearly brimming with sadness as she carried the emperor of the asura race along with her.

Michael had a disdainful expression on his face and although he didn't say a word it was more than clear what he meant.

Lucifer sighed and floated gently towards Fire Sorrow.

She stopped in front of him and after a long time said softly:

"I can't find it."

"Of course you can't find it." Lucifer sighed again and gently patted Fire Sorrow's shoulder as he slowly said, "Back then, we witnessed with our own eyes how Sirius destroyed his birth world. How can something that was destroyed so many years ago continue to exist? Surely that Lower Existence over there was confused on the name or perhaps that Lower Existence called Bai Zemin was simply spouting off bullshit."

Fire Sorrow bit her lower lip as she held the ancient necklace in her hand and squeezed it tightly. She really wasn't willing to accept reality even though it was right in front of her eyes. Less so now that so many things were happening at the same time.

"I... I really hoped that the person called Bai Zemin was the reincarnation of Sirius."

Lucifer smiled bitterly and shook his head without commenting on it.

On one side was the constellation left behind by the Heavenly Wolf before he left. That distant constellation that had been silent for countless eons showed movement twice in less than two decades of time.

On the other hand, there was the Lower Existence Bai Zemin that seemed to possess a soul capable of withstanding the pressure that the universal law of gravity imposed on it. Coincidence or not, Sirius also had gravitational magic engraved in his soul and was one of the few able to learn it without suffering backlash.

Moreover, with the Firmament Fragment of the Goddess of Rebirth appearing in Long Tian's possession, Fire Sorrow could not help but feel hope; hope for the imminent return of an existence capable of turning around all the evil that was happening in the universe without anyone knowing about it except for the Higher Existences.

However, she also began to realize that such things were just that; coincidences. It was not possible for someone who had destroyed her world to be reborn no matter what since that was the law of the universe and even those who had overcome all the laws of this universe could not break this one law.

Lilith frowned slightly as her heart jumped in alarm.

Reincarnation of Sirius? Bai Zemin was? No no... Such a thing was not possible. Unless what that person said to him before was a lie, Bai Zemin was definitely destined to be much brighter than the Heavenly Wolf.

However, there was something else that left her in shock and as she looked at Lucifer with wide eyes she subconsciously asked, "You.... What did you say? You saw with your own eyes how the Heavenly Wolf destroyed his world? How is that even possible...."

Lucifer gave her a sidelong glance and held nothing back as he shrugged his shoulders and said lazily, "Of course it's possible. This senior here has lived so long I don't even remember my correct age or anything like that. Sirius was also my friend before he ascended."

As the members of the Demonic Army looked at Lucifer in shock, he looked at Medes and pointed out, "That old geezer too. He may look handsome and all but he's actually so old that no extra wrinkle could go into his body."

The corner of Medes' mouth twitched several times as he looked at Lucifer not knowing whether to laugh or cry, "Lucifer, you..."

Medes was not angry with Lucifer's revelation. After all, when one joined a faction one could not give information detrimental to that faction to another faction of Higher Existences. Therefore, Medes did not have to worry about some black-winged angel appearing within his flock.

It was also precisely because of this that Lucifer did not bother to hide anything and instead tried to find reactions in Lilith's face since in his eyes she was tremendously suspicious. To begin with, he never tried to hide this information; it was just that there was no need to shout it from the rooftops.

Except for a few, all the angels looked at God with surprise and admiration. The very thought that their Lord had actually been friends with a legendary existence like the Heavenly Wolf filled them with pride and at the same time giving them more confidence about what was to come!

Hellscar stepped forward and shouted excitedly, "Leader! The world Sirius was born on was called Earth? Is that why Fire Sorrow reacted like that after hearing that name?!"

"Mm? Yep. Not just Sirius, I was born there too." Lucifer nodded coolly and then noisily said, "Back then, Earth was pure water and there was barely a patch of land. So, that fella decided it would be very clever to call that world Planet Earth in ridicule. The name spread far and wide and up to the time of its destruction that's what it was called, 'Planet Earth'."

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3