Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

---------------------------------------

[Annihilation of the Falling Sky -]

[Current form: Spear.]

[Rank: Soul Armament.]

[Physical Attack Power: 1000]

[Durability: ????]

[Options -]

[Option 1: It is currently lightly attached to Bai Zemin's soul but its true owner can call it back at will. Other than that, no one but those who have received approval from Annihilation of the Falling Sky may wield it.]

[Option 2: Using mana, the user can change the form of Annihilation of the Falling Sky to any weapon desired as long as the user has a clear idea of its composition and features.]

[???????????]

[Description: A Soul Contract needs to be formed in order to reveal the true power of the weapon and only then can the true Annihilation of the Falling Sky be seen. The requirements to form a Soul Contract with Annihilation of the Falling Sky are currently unknown.]

---------------------------------------

".... What the hell is this all about?" Bai Zemin looked at the empty space in front of him with his eyes wide in shock.

He expected the golden spear to weaken even though he didn't know the reason since he could feel it that way. However, he definitely did not expect to see such a miserable status window as the one he was seeing right now.

"No growth by level? No gradual growth along with the user? Nothing?" Bai Zemin asked to the weapon in his hand as he shook it as if he expected a human reply from it.

Of course, there was no reply at all. Not even a strange glow as was the case in many novels where the weapons tried to give signs but then fell asleep due to their weakened state after some legendary war or something like that.... There was no such thing.

Although Annihilation of the Falling Sky was a powerful weapon as 1000 attack points could not be underestimated at this stage of the apocalypse, it was actually far from enough for Bai Zemin. If Annihilation of the Falling Sky had appeared in front of him before he forged his Crimson Thunder Dragon's Last Words, then things might be different. But now that he had tasted the terrifying power that a weapon with 10,000 physical attack could provide, Bai Zemin could no longer turn back.

Even the gauntlets Persuasion, Secret of Thunder that Bai Zemin had forged as a secondary weapon had not only 150 more physical attack points than the golden spear but also provided him with the sum of 800 points of magic damage.

Sure, having a weapon that was literally indestructible was a good thing but what good was it if it was weaker than even your secondary weapon? Bai Zemin really didn't know how to feel about that.

He had expected the spear to be weakened but not that much!

"Besides, what is a Soul Armament?" Bai Zemin looked at the spear as he rambled with a slight frown, "Like everything strange related to Soul Record and evolution, a Soul Armament definitely has something to do with Soul Power. However, how do these things work...? No, to begin with, how the hell do you get one?"

Although Annihilation of the Falling Sky seemed to be a weapon forged by a blacksmith, Bai Zemin could by no means comprehend how it was possible to forge equipment capable of freely changing forms. Moreover, Annihilation of the Falling Sky did not even have a specific Rank!

"Forget it, forget it." Bai Zemin shook his head in determination not to think about it too much.

He temporarily knew nothing about Soul Armaments nor did he know the way he could unlock the actual power of the golden spear. However, at least, Bai Zemin had received a treasure that would perhaps one day reveal its radiance to the entire world.

Moreover, even though Bai Zemin complained about the low attack power that Annihilation of the Falling Sky had compared to Crimson Thunder Dragon's Last Words, he was actually satisfied. After all, the attack power of his greatsword was simply bestial so Bai Zemin did not feel safe wielding it on Earth.

With his current total power, if Bai Zemin wielded such a powerful weapon there was a possibility that Earth's spatial laws would not handle it. Even half a city comparable to a small country was destroyed by his fierce swings and this happened on a world far more evolved than Earth!

"The least I wish for right now is more trouble." Bai Zemin shook his head and was about to leave the bathroom when suddenly the double wooden door was opened with a bang.

"Bai Zemin, you must see th-" Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Cai Jingyi, who looked very rushed for some reason, didn't even listen to the maid behind her trying to stop her as she explained the situation and directly began to speak as she came in. However, her words immediately got stuck in her throat when she encountered a sight she definitely did not expect to see.

Before returning to China to continue her studies, Cai Jingyi had lived in Europe for 5 years. Therefore, she had seen European men with good physique and very good-looking when she went to the beach. However, what was in front of her was by far the most beautiful masterpiece she had ever seen in her recently turned 18 years of life.

A body that looked as if it had been carved out of ivory by the hand of the finest god where attention had been paid to every little detail. From the firm, distinct muscles of the arms, abdomen, chest, and legs, to the color of the skin; everything was absolutely perfect.

A very charming face accompanied by cold eyes that for some strange reason attracted the ladies' gaze like magnets and dark hair now damp and tousled but still alluring. To top it off, the man even had a tool whose size was more than enough to provide the pleasure that every woman desires in their life.

Without realizing it and as if in a trance, Cai Jingyi's eyes slid appreciatively over the naked man's body a little more than five meters away.

Thud!

The maid who was in charge of waiting outside for any requests Bai Zemin might have fainted straight away and judging by the blush on her face the reason behind her fall was not due to fear.

Bai Zemin had no idea that simply standing there doing nothing while holding a spear had a charm that was simply lethal to any woman.

"Cai Jingyi, what's going on?" Bai Zemin naturally understood what was going on, he was not a child who had no idea about life.

However, his expression did not change at all and his heartbeat did not alter in any way. To him, who had showered in blood and crawled out of mountains of corpses, being naked in front of a woman was not reason enough to affect his emotions. Besides, he was proud of himself so there was no need to act ashamed of anything.

Cai Jingyi blinked several times as if forcing herself to look away. With what appeared to be a great difficulty and with some unwillingness, she turned to look away while blushing furiously.

Even though she had gained a lot of self-confidence and her personality had taken a dramatic turn after all the experiences she had gone through during the past two months, she was just an innocent maiden after all! Cai Jingyi was sure that she would not be able to erase the image she had just seen for several years at least!

"E- A.... " Cai Jingyi started stuttering and mouthing nonsense letters. However, she soon took a deep breath and the next moment clarity returned to her eyes as she said in panic: "The sky! Even though the morning sun was shining high, it suddenly began to fade even with the sun still present!"

"The sky?" Bai Zemin repeated with a frown as he walked to the bookshelf and grabbed a bathrobe to cover his body.

"Th- That's right! The sky!" Cai Jingyi seemed to have finally calmed down completely as she said in a serious voice, "Nangong Lingxin and I were just returning from hunting some evolved beasts in the outer perimeter of the forest but just as we were on our way to the place where Zhong De and Fu Xuefeng are organizing a dismantling team, the sky suddenly started to get darker and darker until it became almost completely black!"

Completely black sky? At past 7 o'clock in the morning and with the sun shining present? Bai Zemin's expression sank.

He wasn't stupid enough to ask Cai Jingyi if this phenomenon wasn't perhaps the result of some strange eclipse; Cai Jingyi was a student at one of the most prestigious universities on Earth, it was impossible for her not to have thought up the possibility of a mutant eclipse or something.

Therefore, it had to be something different.

"Come with me." Bai Zemin ordered as he walked past her and disappeared across the corridor in the blink of an eye.

Cai Jingyi took a step but suddenly stopped and looked at the unconscious maiden who occasionally shivered as if she was being electrocuted. But Cai Jingyi was a woman who knew well what was going on, so she looked at her and whispered, "Oh well, I guess I'll let you have sweet dreams. It's not like it will hurt anyone."

After saying such words, Cai Jingyi's small body swayed, and along with a sexy movement of her small waist, she disappeared from her previous position in an instant.

* * *

By the time Bai Zemin arrived at the main gate of the villa, several people had already gathered there.

Shangguan Bing Xue, Fu Xuefeng, Nangong Lingxin, Nangong Yi, Xiao Ming, Luo Ning, and others. Even the two pretty twins surnamed Wang were standing next to Wu Yijun, who had awakened a few moments ago.

"Bai Zemin!" Wu Yijun's face, which was still somewhat pale, immediately lit up when she saw him approaching with firm steps.

She observed his body carefully and seeing that he was perfectly fine subconsciously let out a big sigh of relief as she patted her chest.

"I'm glad.... I'm glad you're okay." Wu Yijun said as she looked him straight in the eyes.

When Wu Yijun opened her eyes again a few minutes ago, the first thing she tried to do was to look for Bai Zemin. However, Shangguan Bing Xue stopped her saying that he was doing something important right now but he had already fully recovered from his previous wounds.

Of course, such a thing was hard to believe even though Wu Yijun fully trusted her good sister. However, just before she could insist, both women saw the sunlight coming through the window begin to grow dimmer and dimmer.

Bai Zemin looked at Wu Yijun with complicated eyes. Even if his heart was made of stone it was impossible not to be moved when such a beautiful but above all good woman repeatedly showed concern and care for him.

"... Thank you for your concern. But I'm okay now." He said with a slight smile, this time a real smile and not a fake one put on his face solely for the sake of keeping up appearances. "Also, thanks for earlier. If it wasn't for your appearance then I might have been forced to use my last resort, which would have given me endless trouble or die after being swallowed by the void."

"No. You don't need to thank me for anything." Wu Yijun shook her head as she smiled sweetly toward him.

At that moment, Wu Yijun had been watching the portal intently as she anxiously awaited Bai Zemin's return. However, time passed and passed but he did not come back. The portal was closing and Wu Yijun's heart felt extremely heavy; she barely held back the urge to go looking for him by her own. However, it was precisely thanks to the fact that she was so attentive that when Bai Zemin hit with his greatsword and managed to tear off a piece of earth from the other side when the tip crossed the portal that everyone understood the danger he was in.

Had it not been for Wu Yijun's prompt action, Bai Zemin really might have died then.

"I would save you a thousand times over. Even if my life were in danger I would save you thousands of times more." She said without any shame at being heard by others.

"I would rather you not endanger your life." Bai Zemin replied and reached forward with his free hand to pat her tenderly on the head. "But thank you for everything you've done for me so far and thank you for what you'll probably do from here on out."

Wu Yijun was like a little kitten who had returned to where she belonged since when she felt Bai Zemin's big hand patting her black hair, she closed her eyes and smiled happily. She only needed to purr to change her race.

"Cough... You two, sorry to interrupt but could you please be more serious? Something big seems to be about to happen. I don't think this is the time for flirting, is it?"

As Bai Zemin thanked Wu Yijun from the bottom of his heart for everything and while she felt warm inside as she felt that her efforts were not wasted at all, a cold and even somewhat grumpy voice sounded from a short distance ahead.

Bai Zemin was the first to look in the direction of the source of the voice and, not to his surprise, he found a frown on Shangguan Bing Xue's gorgeous face.

From the moment he heard Shangguan Bing Xue's voice, Bai Zemin already expected to see a frown on her face. As for the reason, he naturally understood that it was because instead of worrying about what was to come and leaving the rest for when the new problems were solved, what he and Wu Yijun were doing was wasting time.

However, Wu Yijun was a woman. .... And women had an extra sense that men, unfortunately, did not possess.

Therefore, even though she was unsure, Wu Yijun felt that Shangguan Bing Xue's frown might have a different meaning. It was just that she couldn't understand it either.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3