The first wave of zombies that attacked Bai Zemin was composed of approximately two hundred beings whose systems had been corrupted since day 1 of the apocalypse.

The second was composed of approximately fifty or so considering that while Bai Zemin had not taken a run to take advantage of the momentum and eliminate more zombies, he had used the extension of his spear to not only finish off the nearest zombies but the wind blades generated by the fierce circular swing helped in the process to decimate several more of them.

"Around 280 Soul Record messages indicating the acquisition of enemy Soul Power." Bai Zemin muttered as he observed with indifferent eyes as more zombies replaced the ones he had just killed.

"In short, about 280 zombies in about two seconds." Bai Zemin analyzed as he lunged to his right and stabbed fiercely with his spear forward.

Boom!

An air cannon powered by Bai Zemin's powerful Strength stat and the power of the golden spear directly annihilated a dozen zombies, turning their bodies into a pile of meat paste.

The golden spear became a shimmering whirlwind under the sun's rays as Bai Zemin swung it delicately and skillfully from side to side. Every single swing took the lives of at least a few dozen and sometimes more than a hundred zombies exploded in a mist of blood.

"Simply by relying on physical attacks and taking into account the basic formula, in theory I should be able to annihilate 20,000,000 zombies in about half a day..... But it's impossible for me to kill that many zombies at once unless I use all my strength, which at this time is best avoided so that the bridge doesn't collapse." Bai Zemin continued analyzing his current situation and possible future situation as he kept on slaughtering the enemies that did not stop coming.

"However, even if it were possible, fighting for half a whole day without having even a brief moment to rest might be a bit exhausting even for me. Not to mention the fact that I can sense several more powerful auras at the bottom of the bridge, which means these zombies are nothing more than snacks or disposable soldiers.... Of course, I still need to use Blood Manipulation."

Bai Zemin kicked a zombie in front of him viciously, exploding the body of the creature. Without even letting the zombies in front of him step forward, Bai Zemin slashed with his spear swinging it in a wide golden arc that covered three meters in front of him and thus eliminating more than two dozen zombies.

The zombies on the left and right quickly managed to close the gap left behind by their previous comrades while those who had no room took advantage of the fact that Bai Zemin had moved forward to cover the retreat completely.

A zombie stretched its arms covered in blackish veins and slightly grayish skin forward as its mouth emitted bestial growls. However, just as the zombie was about to touch Bai Zemin's neck, it suddenly found that a crimson spear had pierced its brain along with the brains of three other zombies in a straight line.

"Blood Bullets!" Bai Zemin barked loudly before dashing forward like a whirlwind.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!....

The golden spear with 1000 points of physical attack damage in the hands of Bai Zemin turned into the reaper's scythe. Each swing claimed the lives of several zombies and in the process rotting blood began to fly everywhere.

However, all this blood joined the blood that had already been spilled before and under Bai Zemin's magical power it flew into the sky to quickly form around one hundred blood bullets.

The hundred blood bullets quickly became the followers of the reaper as they chased after Bai Zemin under his careful control, one hundred zombies fell for every passing second.

With a hundred blood bullets, Bai Zemin could divide his attention with relative ease so that a hundred bullets became something similar to guided missiles but in a sense better because instead of stopping after hitting their target the blood bullets continued moving on to the next one with the same ferocity as before.

If it were his past self it would be impossible to do this. However, since Bai Zemin faced the asura race and his Blood Manipulation skill raised two levels, the amount of information and control he gained over the skill was incomparable to the past. Therefore, even though the description of the skill itself had not changed at all after leveling up twice, the real power of Bai Zemin had undoubtedly increased.

In just ten minutes of time, Bai Zemin had directly slaughtered about 8000 zombies. While 8000 was an insignificant number compared to 20,000,000, the fact that those 8000 zombies had fallen in just 10 minutes was the point of the matter.

This meant that at this rate Bai Zemin was eliminating around 800 zombies per minute!

However, even though this was an impressive result, Bai Zemin frowned tightly as he slaughtered from left to right and front to back without ever backing down.

"Eight hundred zombies a minute.... In other words, to wipe out the lives of 20,000,000 zombies I would need about 25,000 minutes which would also be over 400 hours." Bai Zemin stopped dead in his tracks and after leaping slightly and performing a 360 degree turn several times to annihilate all the zombies nearby, he focused the hundred blood bullets to slaughter every zombie that tried to get close to him.

While he was temporarily focusing on defense, Bai Zemin frowned deeply as he thought deeply to himself, 'I can't go on like this. Even at this speed, it would take me more than two weeks to completely eliminate all these zombies and that's without even considering the fact that First Order zombies appear in large numbers or Second Order zombies. Otherwise, that time could easily grow several more days depending on the number of evolved enemies.'

Two weeks to clear the entirety of this long bridge that separated Yanquing District from Changping District. Two weeks to wipe out 20,000,000 zombies single-handedly.... Such was a result that two or three days ago Bai Zemin would have accepted with a pleasant smile on his face. However, the current circumstances did not allow him to delay so long for such a thing.

With the Earth constantly showing signs of evolution and with the zombies becoming more and more powerful with each passing second, Bai Zemin feared that his loved ones might not really be able to handle it during the Second Evolutive Stage. Therefore, he had no choice but to hurry and thus could not afford to lose half a month here.

If Bai Zemin lost half a month's time to clean the Eastern Dragon's Back and added to that the time he would need to find his loved ones in some human base or settlement, by that time Earth would definitely have already started or might even have finished the Second Evolutive Stage.

"I guess I'll have to try that." FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

A strange glint shone in the eyes of Bai Zemin and silently the second activation of the passive skill God of War's Will called God of War's Partial Possession began to affect his personality again while the title Brilliant Mind repressed the effects that could be considered as dangerous to the current him.

[Lightning Movement!]

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

Along with the fierce and characteristic lightning crackle, blue electric snakes began to flash around the body of Bai Zemin intermittently. However, he did not stop and instead used the second activation of the skill Lightning Movement to spawn three clones of himself.

The clones had no expressions on their faces, and except for the lifeless eyes, there was no difference between them and the actual Bai Zemin; it would be extremely difficult for anyone to immediately notice which one was the real one.

Bai Zemin didn't care about the fact that he would now be losing 1 Stamina point per second for each clone and waved his free hand as he coldly said, "Go!"

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

The three clones who possessed 10% of Bai Zemin's overall strength dashed forward as his words left his mouth and immediately began slaughtering zombies with their bare fists. After all, these clones were made of 100% mana so they did not fear zombie infection!

Furthermore, 10% of Bai Zemin's total strength was comparable to a First Order beast of approximately level 30-35! In short, he had just casually created 3 First Order beings to fight for his cause!

However, the consumption was not low at all.

In just 1 second in exchange for summoning three such powerful clones, Bai Zemin lost 3 Stamina points. In fact, for every second that passed his Stamina stat decreased by 3 points on the fly.

Still, the expression of Bai Zemin remained unperturbed as a slight glint of disdain flashed in his black eyes.

Swoosh!

Bai Zemin lunged forward and like a ghost blinked through the zombies as he swung his spear masterfully. Behind him was a clone, to his left was another clone, and to his right, the last clone slaughtered the zombies with its bare fists. In addition, Bai Zemin controlled the hundred blood bullets in such a way that when one of the clones was in danger of being destroyed after being overwhelmed by the numbers, he immediately turned that zombie into a sieve riddled with bloody holes.

Five seconds later, Bai Zemin called up his status window and looked at his current Stamina stat.

[Stamina: 1201 / 1216 (+35)]

"Regeneration." Bai Zemin whispered under his breath as he crushed a zombie's head with a punch.

His eyes were ice-cold similar to those of a killing machine as he muttered in a flat voice resembling that of an emotionless robot, "Overlap Regeneration, convert 100 Mana points into 100 Stamina points."

Flash...

A faint glow of golden light immediately surrounded the outline of Bai Zemin's body as the Third Order Regeneration rune etched deep into his soul became partially illuminated. The second activation, Overlap Regeneration, came into play in the act.

Bai Zemin immediately felt his available Mana decrease by 50 points and in return, he felt more refreshed. Then, he quickly looked at his current Stamina stat again.

[Stamina: 1266 / 1316 (+35)]

Indeed. After spending 50 Stamina points for the activation of Overlap Regeneration, Bai Zemin had gained 50 Stamina points more compared to his total peak, which meant that he had actually not only increased his maximum Stamina but also surpassed his previous peak by 10 points for a total of 5 seconds.

However, this was where the real test began as this would be the first time Bai Zemin would experiment using this skill.

The five seconds were over very quickly, and just before another second passed and his clones consumed 3 Stamina points, Bai Zemin hurriedly rechecked his Stamina.

[Stamina: 1216 (+35)]

A smile immediately formed on his face as he saw that just as he guessed, his Stamina returned to its maximum when the skill Overlap Regeneration was activated. Then, he decided to test his next idea which if successful would allow him to keep his three clones whose strength was comparable to that of First Order beings on the battlefield to help him in clearing zombies faster.

"Overlap Regeneration, convert 200 Stamina points into 200 Mana points." Bai Zemin whispered as he easily decapitated a First Order zombie that tried to sneak up behind him after mingling with other zombies with his spear after a swift swing.

Flash...

The golden light returned at the same time as a slight wave of exhaustion hit Bai Zemin's body. Even so, his steps did not falter at all and his movements with the spear did not slow down in the slightest.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3