Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The two zombies looked significantly stronger than any other zombie Bai Zemin had ever faced before. In fact, just judging from the aura of the two creatures that were looking down at him from the ground as their body was lifted into the air by a strange air bubble, Bai Zemin judged accurately that based on the Soul Power writhing within the bodies of each of them, either the male zombie or the female zombie were creatures that had already broken through the barrier of the First Order and had set their feet firmly in the Second Order.

But these zombies were not just in the Second Order they had clearly broken through some time ago as their auras were extremely clear and firm; it was definitely not the aura of beings who had just broken through a barrier and their bodies were adapting to the tremendous increase in Soul Power that had been being contained during the evolving process.

Bai Zemin opened his mouth to say something but his eyes trembled slightly when he realized that not only could he not hear his voice but he couldn't even hear any sound coming from outside even though the normal zombies that were slowly crawling to cover the areas he had opened had their heads raised in his direction as their mouths moved; they were clearly letting out beastly growls and snarls but he couldn't hear them!

But this was not all... Bai Zemin's biggest problem was that he couldn't even breathe!

While it was possible for him to hold his breath for at least half an hour without any problem, the problem was that Bai Zemin didn't have his lungs replenished with oxygen before he was caught as it had all happened too suddenly and he had been caught off guard while enduring the pain in his soul and body!

The female zombie looked at the male zombie next to her and seemed to say something to her as although Bai Zemin couldn't hear her he could see her mouth moving.... And when Bai Zemin saw the female zombie's mouth moving and read her lips, he was surprised and at the same time afraid.

He was surprised because the language the female zombie was using was Chinese language. This meant that from the Second Order onwards, the zombies regained the ability to communicate at least to some extent.

It was just that he didn't have time to be surprised as the content he understood was enough for Bai Zemin to realize that his life was in danger.

Just as the male zombie held both hands to his head and a ripple of spiritual energy spread outward, Bai Zemin called out to the little blue flame resting inside his body, 'Little comrade, sorry to disturb but I need your help.'

The Endless Blue Lotus Flame was weakened after using its full power one time in Oblon World and a second time inside the Cosmic Gate. Although Bai Zemin had given it 20 First Order Soul Stones and 2 Second Order Soul Stones to devour, it seemed that the little blue flame would need a couple of days to be able to return to the battlefield at full power.

It was precisely because of this that Bai Zemin did not want to use the little blue flame's strength for hard and long fights, but in this circumstance, he really had no choice. He could not move his body and his magical skills were too destructive to use in a situation like this; as for Blood Manipulation, Bai Zemin's connection to the outside world seemed to have been partially broken so he could not manipulate blood outside the air sphere and the blood he kept in the storage pearl would serve no purpose other than to take up space here as there was no room for a weapon to gain enough momentum to make a destructive attack.

The little blue flame inside him danced tenderly despite the fatigue. One had to know that even though the Endless Blue Lotus Flame currently had barely basic intelligence and was in no way comparable to its past self, it was after all a living flame that could feel and in the future, if it ever regained its former glory, it would be able to think for itself.So, it was not incorrect to say that the little blue flame had a soul of its own; a soul which was tremendously exhausted and which needed rest to recover from the great battles it had undergone.

After all, unlike the other living beings that could fight and absorb Soul Power from other beings to recover, the little blue flame could only rely on Bai Zemin's Soul Power to keep it from dying out and the Soul Stones to gradually regain its strength.

However, despite everything, the little blue flame ignored its own safety and under the impetus of Bai Zemin's soul, it burned fiercely.

Bang!

The blue flames spread throughout the interior of the air bubble, completely covering the inner view from the outside. Just as the strange spiritual wave released by the male zombie disappeared without a trace into the deepest parts of the horde of now 17,000,000 zombies, the deep blue flames managed to completely intermingle with the air bubble that was containing Bai Zemin's body.

What happened when the fire was surrounded by strong capes of wind? Generally, the fire would be extinguished. However, it was different if the flame possessed power equal to or greater than the wind.

BOOM!

At a height of over 600 meters, a thunderous explosion resounded so loudly that even the bridge more than half a kilometer below rumbled lightly. Some tiny-sized rocks broke off the edges and fell into the ocean 200 meters below, splashing and creating small ripples that were soon shaken by a larger ripple created from the pressure generated by the explosion.

"Ugh..." Bai Zemin grimaced as his body was sent flying backward, right into the horde of zombies waiting below him eager to devour him.

Although the flames of the Endless Blue Lotus Flame were unable to hurt Bai Zemin thanks to the Soul Contract that both existences shared, the power of the explosion was another matter.

Just as a thin trickle of blood slipped out of the corner of Bai Zemin's mouth and at the same time as a bloody wound opened up on his forehead, he had no choice but to ignore the blood that partially began to fall on his left eye as every hair on his body stood on end at the impending danger.

"Blood Shield!" Bai Zemin hurriedly shouted as he invested 300 Mana points.

The liquid storage pearl immediately expelled large amounts of red blood and in the blink of an eye that blood turned into a giant six-layered shield.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Three explosions destroyed four of the six layers of shields while the fifth and sixth were weakened by more than 70% as the largest amount of blood evaporated before the power of the flames burning around the shield.

Swoosh!

A thin, almost invisible thread of transparent silk pierced through the blood shields that scattered in the wind taking the flames with them into the sea.

Like a hurricane of wind, Bai Zemin activated the effect of his Arachnid Silk Ring and pulled hard on the thread once the other end connected with one of the large columns that helped to support part of the weight of the bridge.

His body changed course just in time to evade what appeared to be a huge fireball and as he spun in mid-air, Bai Zemin managed to see four big fat zombies with giant heads at the back of the horde.

From one of the four fat zombies with balloon heads, Bai Zemin noticed how the yellow flames danced in its mouth before going out; this had probably been the last zombie that had attacked.

Although he could not be so sure, Bai Zemin estimated that the four of them were level 49 or 50 zombies. Although they were still in the First Order, the magic attack power of these four beasts was more than enough to hurt a Second Order existence if they managed to land their attacks.

These four zombies were completely different from the 20+ First Order zombies that Bai Zemin had killed so far. It was clear that they were some new type of creature or something that had evolved in a special path. This type of zombie was undoubtedly the enemy of any army as their attacks were powerful enough to turn a vehicle into a pile of scrap metal; in fact, Bai Zemin estimated after feeling the power of those huge fireballs that even the kings of the earth, the war tanks, would not be able to survive a hit from those.

However, if there was one thing that greatly relieved Bai Zemin it was that once his body came into contact with the bridge, the fat zombies immediately stopped their attacks as they closed their mouths and stared at him as they tried to pass through the thousands of zombies that separated them without success.

At least, it was clear that the zombies in charge were not letting the other zombies damage the bridge. After all, if the bridge fell the zombies in charge would also fall into the water and there they would be devoured sooner or later by the sea beasts no matter how strong they were. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Bai Zemin's ice-cold gaze met the eyes brimming with murderous intent of the female zombie and the male zombie.

Without stopping on ceremony, Bai Zemin forcefully kicked the giant pillar causing thin cracks to extend several meters as he flew straight towards the front of the bridge where the two Second Order zombies were waiting for him.

The female zombie took a step forward as she saw the human before her aim at her battle partner. She held out both hands and quickly conjured a dozen wind globes, each over 5 meters in diameter and with fierce wind blades around them.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! ....

...

About twenty large globes charged with destructive wind energy flew at lightning speed towards Bai Zemin, who was falling down and unable to avoid the attack

However, he did not panic at all and instead used Blood Manipulation to form over four hundred bloody whips.

His body in attack position with the golden spear pointing at the two zombies was partially covered by several hundred blackish-colored whips that swung under his command and began to strike the twenty wind spheres.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!....

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!....

...

The whips formed from the rotting blood of the slain zombies hit more than five times each in the span of two seconds. The practically overlapping blasts served to destroy with great difficulty the elemental attack weapons the female zombie had used.

However, Bai Zemin's leather armor received several cuts in the process as more than two dozen wind blades lashed his body once the wind spheres were crushed.

Suddenly, the black blood whips swayed in such a way that for a split second, Bai Zemin disappeared from the line of sight of both Second Order zombies.

To the surprise of both zombies, the black blood whips soon seemed to lose all their power as they transformed into four hundred cascades of blood that when attracted by the planet's natural gravity fell back onto the bridge creating splashing sounds.

"Where?" The hoarse and extremely annoying voice of the male zombie sounded from behind the female zombie.

The female zombie did not respond and instead tried to find the human who had disappeared. She felt a bad premonition in her heart and just as she turned around to look back, she saw a flash of golden light flashing behind her zombie partner.

The male zombie's eyes widened and a glint of disbelief shone in his golden pupils. The proud beast in command of 5 million zombies didn't even have time to make full use of his skills as his head flew through the air while brown blood flew uncontrollably from his neck.

[You have received the Soul Power of Second Order Zombie Commander 'Mo Chao' level 67....]

The fierce gaze of the female zombie met Bai Zemin's deadly gaze.

The blood that covered his face earlier was nowhere to be seen anymore and the wound on his head had healed without a trace. His hair was slightly tousled by the wind as the dark blood dripped creating light clinking sounds as it fell to the ground from the blade of the golden spear in his right hand.

Undoubtedly, even though his upper armor had received three cuts and his lower armor a couple more cuts in conjunction with his slightly cracked shoulder pads after being hit by the weakened magical attack of a Second Order existence, Bai Zemin looked like a true warrior who had fought and killed enemies all his life and not like someone who two months ago studied to become a life-saving medic.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3