Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

In the middle of the sea of zombies, flanked by the most powerful creatures under their command, the two-tentacled zombie and the little monkey riding the huge alligator observed for a couple more minutes as Bai Zemin unleashed a deluge of death on the zombies.

It didn't matter if the last two Commander Zombies under the control of the two-tentacled zombie sent countless Unclassified zombies or if they used zombies with different characteristic skills to try to overwhelm Bai Zemin, all of them were beheaded or their bodies were torn apart in such a way that they had become powerless even if they had miraculously managed to survive.

"He's running out of steam." The monkey said in a high-pitched voice. Its eyes flashed with a glint of cunning as it said word by word, "His movements are becoming more and more predictable and less sharp than before. I think he might soon try to retreat, we must catch him just then."

The two-tentacled zombie narrowed his eyes and suddenly shook his head, confusing the little monkey.

"That's not good."

"... Not good?" The intelligent monkey looked at the mutant zombie with surprise. As if it had thought of something, it asked, "Do you have a plan?" Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Although it was usually the smart monkey that came up with plans, this didn't mean that the tentacled zombie was dumb by any means. It was just that while the monkey kept its rational mind most of the time, the tentacled zombie simply crushed everything with brute force; different preferences.

"... That human is strong, however, his fatal weakness is that he is alone. On the other hand, we have armies backing us up." Said the tentacled zombie in a deep voice. While looking at his soldiers, he slowly said, "There are over 10,000,000 normal soldiers here among which 3,000,000 of them are mutant soldiers with skills or specialties. Apart from those 3,000,000 of them, there are also 200 First Order soldiers and 2 Second Order commanders."

Taking advantage of the tentacled zombie pausing for a moment, the little monkey added, "Let's not forget that I brought with me 100 First Order and 3 Second Order beasts; they are the most powerful powerhouses I could gather in over 5,000 kilometers to the north of the district. Not to mention...."

Seeing the little monkey pointing down, the tentacled zombie nodded before slowly saying, "That human just conquered a human base so his rule isn't that firm yet. That's probably why he's all alone here. Although I don't know why he's so eager to cross the bridge, let's use that to our advantage."

"You mean..."

"Right." The tentacled zombie nodded and his red eyes flashed with vicious light as he said, "There's no need to wait any longer. That human definitely won't destroy the bridge. Let's send our most powerful warriors to take advantage of his weakness, we can play at our leisure at that time."

"..." The little monkey lowered its head and looked thoughtful. After more than a minute of silence, the beast raised its face and gave its response, "All right. But remember that if possible we must not destroy the bridge. Otherwise, we will lose contact with the south completely unless we are willing to face others like us as we seek another way through."

* * *

After cutting off his call with Shangguan Bing Xue, not even two minutes passed when a change that Bai Zemin did not expect occurred.

The horde of zombies that were tirelessly advancing like inexhaustible waves of the sea suddenly stopped their advance as a wave of mana charged with magical power spread out in all directions.

"...Heh." Bai Zemin chuckled under his breath as his eyes filled with exhaustion narrowed.

"So the horde lord finally can't continue tolerating the loss of so many zombies." He said quietly.

"But that's good as well." Bai Zemin leaned his body forward with his left foot in front and his right foot slightly behind. Annihilation of the Falling Sky was brought behind his body by his right-hand parallel to the ground. A deadly flash shone in his black eyes as he said coldly, "Now I can end this quicker than expected."

His words had barely fallen when the horde of zombies slowly backed away as they would have been sideways like the legend of Moses opening the seas.

The first thing that came into Bai Zemin's line of sight was 3 beasts which were too conspicuous to be ignored.

One of these beasts was a creature that crawled on the ground with an extension of over 400 meters long. Its body was surrounded by silvery scales that looked extremely beautiful under the moon's glare and its emerald green eyes glowed viciously as they looked in his direction. But the most striking thing was that on its head was a single horn of approximately 30 centimeters that was beginning to grow. Although this creature was clearly a snake, the horn on its forehead made it look like a legendary flood dragon in the midst of growth.

The second beast was a kind of dog but calling a four-meter tall beast a 'dog' was probably not too correct. Furthermore, this dog-like beast seemed to be covered in a coat of fire instead of fur as its surroundings lit up brightly and the heat around it even seemed to greatly displease the zombies that moved away as they growled.

The third and final beast was an alligator that while its height was not much compared to the heights of the two aforementioned beasts its ferocity gave Bai Zemin special creepiness. The alligator's eyes glowed with almost human intelligence and its jaw seemed to be powerful enough to tear a battle tank to pieces if not devour it whole. Although it looked simple, this alligator had a sturdy tail and extremely powerful legs that allowed it to move at great speed across the terrain.

Bai Zemin's attention switched quickly to the two zombies walking among the beasts. Two males, their appearances were not too striking but the most striking thing would be that they did not look unpleasant to the eye when compared to the apparently decaying bodies of the normal zombies.

"Zombies and beasts?" Bai Zemin frowned tightly as he suddenly felt that things might be a lot more complicated than he thought.

Although he didn't want to believe it and found it hard to comprehend how such a thing could happen, the reality in front of his eyes was irrefutable proof that these two races that hated each other as much as humans hated them were in some sort of alliance.

Regardless of how such a thing happened and regardless of whether the alliance was only temporary or not, it was indubitable that the weight on Bai Zemin's shoulders had suddenly shot up enormously to the point where his legs almost sank to the ground.

'5 Second Order existences. Counting the two Commander Zombies from before, that would be seven of them. How can this even be possible...? Earth is only in its first evolutionary stage but there are already so many Second Order existences among the other races?' Bai Zemin was truly shocked in his heart.

'No. Wait a second.'

Suddenly, he seemed to realize something and while carefully observing the two zombies and the three Second Order beasts, Bai Zemin realized that although these beings were undoubtedly Second Order enemies, the aura from their bodies was strange. Unfortunately, he failed to understand the reason and the situation did not give him time to think too much either.

Bang!

The fire dog was the first to make a move. The creature stomped the ground in such a way that cracks spread ten meters across the length and breadth of the bridge and as the flames from its body shot skyward small pieces of broken rock fell into the ocean 200 meters below.

"Bastard!" Bai Zemin shouted angrily as he had not expected such a move at all. His anger boiled over as he saw the damage the bridge had received even though he had been trying not to damage it all this time.

Bai Zemin flew forward at lightning speed as he activated Lightning Movement. He burst out with all his movement speed leaving none of his Agility points untapped and before the fire dog could even bark he stabbed with his spear in an upward motion.

Bai Zemin didn't even restrain his Strength in this attack!

Just as his spear and the beast's fire body were about to collide without the latter even noticing its enemy's approach, Bai Zemin silently triggered the second activation of his Blood Manipulation skill.

Arriving just below the fire dog's body, Bai Zemin activated Gravity Manipulation in reverse x3 times and jumped up nimbly. Crimson flames burned on the surface of his spear as he roared out at the top of his lungs:

"Die!!"

Boooooom!!!!

A thunderous explosion rumbled in the middle of the night.

The fire dog's body burst into a fiery blaze that was blown skyward by a fierce hurricane of wind that started with a small eye with Annihilation of the Falling Sky as the center and expanded just like a huge funnel for every meter in height.

Amidst the sea of zombies, the intelligent little monkey who was now using a balloon-headed zombie to be able to see what was happening in the distance as it had sent its mount to the battlefield trembled as its furry face lit up brightly at the pillar of blazing fire rising high in the sky as if it were a pillar trying to defy the gods.

"What a terrifying human." Murmured the ape in shock. "To think that he would actually find in such a short time a way to use 100% of his stats without having to fear for the bridge's destruction.... Truly impressive!"

On the other hand, while the shocked ape was praising Bai Zemin from the bottom of its heart, the tentacled zombie had a dark expression on his face.

"Looks like we were wrong." Said the zombie in a serious voice. "If we don't head out ourselves, I'm afraid that human will continue to give us headaches despite being clearly exhausted."

Bai Zemin waved his spear and mitigated the flames dancing on the surface as a green message flashed in his retina.

[You have received the Soul Power of Second Order Giant Fire Dog level 70...]

He looked at the four Second Order existences that seemed to freeze after seeing his attack and snorted. Bai Zemin pointed his spear to the front and arrogantly shouted, "For you monsters, even if I have to limit myself I still have a thousand ways to deal with each of you in an instant!"

Bai Zemin might have to be careful, but this did not mean that he did not have his means. For the past 48+ hours, he had not only been swinging his spear or activating magical skills to slaughter zombies; Bai Zemin had been racking his brain trying to think of different methods which could be of use in urgent moments!

One of them was that, as long as his pure Strength and attack power were enough to overwhelm his enemy at 200%, then he didn't have to fear destroying the bridge; all Bai Zemin had to do was to push all his power into the sky so that every ounce of power would hit the clouds without disturbing the bridge beneath his feet!

So what if they were Second Order existences? The strongest of them possibly didn't even have 500 points in a stat, how could they be able to take on a Bai Zemin with almost 1000 total Strength points and over 1000 points of Agility thanks to his treasures? It was simply impossible!

Now that he had devised several plans, even a Third Order existence would have to suffer in a head-to-head against him if they wanted to damage the bridge in a confrontation.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3