Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Bai Zemin dashed forward exploding with a monstrous speed that a Second Order existence should not possess, let alone a First Order existence like him.

The snake with a horn on its forehead hadn't even managed to react when the heat of an approaching body glowed for an instant in its pupils. Out of pure instinct, the snake lashed out fiercely with its tail in an attempt to defend itself from what appeared to be an attack capable of taking its life.

The swinging of a tail that measured over 300 meters in length was nothing to scoff at as the wind exploded when the tail cut. More frightening, however, was the fact that the bridge was only 200 meters wide. Therefore, when the tail swung from behind to try to reach the front, the columns supporting the bridge were in the way!

"Blood Barrier!"

Bai Zemin's voice echoed in the middle of the night at the same time as a golden flash with crimson edges traced a straight line of over 100 meters in an instant.

Boom!!!

Bai Zemin's attack powered by Crimson Flame directly smashed the giant snake's head without giving the beast time to show too much of itself. However, even though the creature had died, the previous attack was still in progress!

Under the shocked gaze of the two leaders flanked by zombies and beasts, the giant snake's tail ferociously struck one of the upper columns of the Eastern Dragon's Back.

Boom!!!

The bridge shook ferociously as if it were going to collapse at any moment while thousands of zombies were sent flying into the sea as a result of the fierce shockwave. However, the bridge did not collapse.

A thin but shiny layer of black blood illuminated the outline of the bridge 1 km long and 200 meters wide. No one had noticed when, but at some point, the blood of nearly 10,000,000 zombies had spread 10 km across the length and width of the entire bridge without leaving even a spot uncovered.

"Perfect!" Bai Zemin couldn't hide his excitement as he laughed out loud seeing another one of his plans working excellently again.

To prevent the bridge from collapsing in case one of his attacks went wrong or in case his enemies attacked the bridge, Bai Zemin had silently spread out much of the blood he had accumulated so far as his limits would allow. That way, if the situation was urgent, he only needed to boost the blood to form a magical and physical barrier capable of withstanding enemy attacks!

What had left Bai Zemin ecstatic, as well as the fact that he only consumed 20 Mana points to have the snake's strike completely suppressed without letting the bridge suffer the consequences!

In short, the physical attacks of a Second Order existence wouldn't give the current him much trouble thanks to his extremely high Magic stat and high magic attack power capable of bringing out the true power of the Blood Manipulation skill!

Bai Zemin rushed without delay towards his next target; one of the two Zombie Commanders.

The Zombie Commander did not stand around waiting for death as from the first second the human disappeared the beast immediately sent a mental command to the zombies with special characteristics waiting near him.

Bai Zemin was forced to stop his charge when four giant fireballs flew in his direction. He stomped the ground beneath his feet with vigor and leaped skyward in a hurry as the four large fireballs completely covered the 200-meter wide bridge.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

The terrifying explosions of the four powerful magical attacks shook the bridge fiercely and waves over 200 meters high rose into the sky.

Forms of marine life were dragged down as a result of the fierce battle on top of the bridge and soon the scene turned into a slaughterhouse.

One-meter tall, three-meter long fish with small legs crawled along the ground in a manner similar to a hundred-footer. Their teeth were extremely sharp as they began to attack the zombies on the bridge, devouring their bodies and becoming more powerful.

There were even 3 lobsters five meters tall and over fifty meters long with First Order auras emanating from their bodies turned into harbingers of death. Its tongs were like harvesters claiming the lives of the zombies and even a First Order zombie was cut in two halves by it.

But the zombies were not idle either, for when they sensed the arrival of sea life they also became excited. Those that were still standing slowly staggered while grunting; every time they encountered a fish, they quickly began to viciously bite its body while those that had lost their lower bodies crawled to viciously scratch their enemies.

The mutant fish were far fewer in number but despite this and the fact that they were out of their natural environment, the fish were actually giving the zombies a good fight as their bodies were surrounded by some sort of viscous liquid that made it difficult for zombies below level 15 to break through their defenses.

"Kill it!" the other Zombie Commander raged as he watched a First Order mutant lobster massacring his subordinates so he pointed his hand and sent an order directly to the fat balloon-headed zombies.

One of them opened its mouth wide and a glowing magic circle appeared inside its maw. A second later and without much buildup, a fireball over 50 meters in diameter flew towards the mutant lobster that was unleashing hell among the zombie army.

Boom!

The bridge shook fiercely again and several tiny stones broke loose to fall and be lost forever in the deep sea. Fortunately, the magic blood barrier that Bai Zemin had prepared once again withstood the attack at the cost of another 20 Mana points.

Having jumped off the bridge and still in full ascent, Bai Zemin watched the scene below with fierce eyes. His gaze flashed across the battlefield until he finally found his target and pointed his finger as he said in a low voice:

"Blood Spike."

The mutant lobster staggered back and roared in pain as one of its limbs was sent flying. Blood trickled down the creature's broken carapace and its gaze automatically darted to the balloon-headed zombie that had just attacked it to only find that that same zombie was preparing a second imminent attack.

Swoosh!

Just as the balloon-headed zombie was about to launch its attack, a black stake rose from the blood-covered ground and pierced the back of its head without warning. Its brain was crushed and bashed as its skull split into two halves.

[You have received the Soul Power of First Order Destroyer Zombie level 42.....]

As the green letters flashed in Bai Zemin's retina, the Destroyer Zombie fell heavily onto the ground.

The mutant lobster did not stop to thank Bai Zemin as the sea beast immediately began to slaughter more zombies with a new rage born in its core.

Just as Bai Zemin began to descend, his Danger Sense skill suddenly activated to the maximum extent possible and all the hairs on his body stood up cat-like warning of impending danger.

Swoosh!

Bai Zemin's black pupils reflected as a 2-meter tall slender creature appeared right above him a little over ten meters away.

As Bai Zemin descended due to gravity, the bald creature whose skin was as white as paper and whose face was covered with black veins in strange patterns ascended as proof that it had jumped after Bai Zemin.

Time seemed to slow down for an instant to Bai Zemin and his eyes trembled as he noticed how this strange zombie that was staring at him with burning anger slowly opened its mouth full of extremely sharp animal-like teeth.

Bai Zemin gritted his teeth and out of pure instinct shouted, "Gravity Manipulation x15!!!"

The tentacled zombie opened his mouth as wide as no normal human would be able to do and an extremely hoarse and powerful voice came from inside him, "Thunderous Stun Roar!"

Boom!!!

A shockwave sent a sound wave in Bai Zemin's direction flying at a speed that even he could not match. However, just as his body was about to be hit, the gravitational law surrounding him increased tremendously to the point where he was dragged down like a comet passing through the world's atmosphere.

The sound wave traveled more than 5 kilometers before it impacted powerfully on the distant sea, raising more and more waves that ended up attracting more and more sea beasts that soon began to join the fray.

Red blood began to pour from inside Bai Zemin's ears as his eyes dimmed for a brief moment. His mind went blank for a split of a second at the powerful Thunderous Stun Roar of the tentacled zombie and by the time he recovered he cursed the zombie in his heart.

How was that a stunning roar? If that attack from before hit him, Bai Zemin would have to thank all his ancestors if he didn't lose part of his body!

Fortunately for him, it seemed that the tentacled zombie's Thunderous Stun Roar had its own cons as after that attack the zombie was briefly stunned as the gravity of the world slowly dragged him down.

Unfortunately for him, the tentacled zombie was not the only enemy that was waiting for the optimal moment to attack Bai Zemin.

While the tentacled zombie had decided that the best time to attack was when his enemy was in the middle of the air and could not move freely since his Agility stat had been temporarily sealed, the cunning little ape decided that the best time to attack was right after Bai Zemin had been attacked in mid-flight.

Bai Zemin felt again that death would be upon him and as his body plummeted towards the bridge he turned to look down as he got ready.

There, he watched as a relatively small creature just over 5 feet tall looked up at him with glowing eyes; Bai Zemin could even swear he saw a smile on the animal's face. However, his pupils soon twitched fiercely as he watched the ape open its mouth wide and the surrounding wind instantly gathered in its lungs.

With its body swollen like a balloon, the ape that now had its mouth closed and its cheeks puffed out opened its mouth.

ROAR!!!

A roar that should not come from the mouth of an ape broke completely in the middle of the night and under Bai Zemin's astonished eyes a wind hurricane of more than 1 km in diameter shot up into the sky; straight towards him!

If one were to look from afar at the current scene one could see a huge wind tunnel rising towards the clouds that were slowly beginning to obscure the sky right in the middle of the bridge that stood in the middle of nowhere.

"Damn!!" Bai Zemin cursed aloud as he realized he didn't even have time to do anything but cross his arms in front of him.

And that he did a split second before his body was swallowed up by the ferocious whirlwind.

Bai Zemin was engulfed by the ferocious enemy magic attack and the wind blades whipped his body in staggering quantities. In just a matter of one or two seconds, over 20,000 wind blades had sliced through his body!

Were it not for the fact that this was a rather scattered magical attack due to its magnitude and were it not for Bai Zemin's defensive equipment as well as his own Silver Skin, his body could have been cut into thousands of tiny pieces!

Bai Zemin's mind raced faster than a racing car as he carefully thought of what to do and while all this was happening his body was being dragged back and forth as more and more bloody wounds of irrelevant size began to appear on his body as a result of the endless wind blades.

Blood Manipulation? Bai Zemin could surround himself in a giant blood armor or sphere. However, this was not a viable long-term option as he could not stay in a turtle shell forever.

Gravity Manipulation? Unfortunately, the power of the enemy's magical attack was powerful enough to send Bai Zemin's body flying even though he was falling from over 1,000 meters high with the Earth's natural gravity boosted x15. Therefore, it did not seem to be possible either.

Shadow Blink? Bai Zemin could not see any shadows at this point. In fact, except for thick white walls created by the enormous buildup of wind, he could see nothing.

In the end, Bai Zemin could only find one method; the simplest and craziest way to do things.

The air in his lungs began to be stolen due to the pressure he was experiencing and as he closed his eyes and kept his mouth tightly sealed to avoid serious injury, Bai Zemin reached forward and pulled something out of his storage ring.

It was his greatsword. His main weapon. Crimson Thunder Dragon's Last Words.

Bai Zemin clutched his weapon with both hands and let himself be swept away by the wind. His body began to spin wildly to accompany the movement of the windstorm around him until he reached a point where his body was a mere blur.

Taking advantage of that fierce momentum when the wind hurricane seemed to want to change its course, Bai Zemin viciously struck the wind wall without holding back in the slightest.

BOOOOOOOM!!!!! DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

The fierce wind storm was completely broken when an explosion that shook the ocean 3000 meters below carried with it a huge shock wave in the shape of a giant hoop and swept away the clouds that were beginning to gather in the sky.

Waves over 600 meters high rose into the sky and battered the bridge in such a way that over 2,000,000 zombies were swept into the deep ocean and more and more sea creatures began to take up their positions.

In the sky, after hitting with over 900 Strength points, Bai Zemin watched as for a split second a thin, tiny space crack formed and soon disappeared without a trace.

This surprised him tremendously as he was confident that an attack with his greatsword would definitely damage the Earth's space barrier. However, Bai Zemin soon realized that with Earth's evolution around the corner, his attacks would soon not be as dangerous to the world as they were at present.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3