Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

As Bai Zemin used his Blood Manipulation skill in order to control his injuries and assist the natural healing of his body in such a way that at a glance the superficial cuts made by the windstorm that had enveloped him were beginning to fade, he took the chance of shock that his previous attack had caused on his enemies to think carefully about what to do next.

After all, the fact that the Earth had now become strong enough to withstand an attack from his Rank 3 greatsword with 10,000 physical attack points had opened a new door for Bai Zemin.

However, with his mind racing at full speed, Bai Zemin decided that unless it was really urgent and necessary like a moment ago, he should not use Crimson Thunder Dragon's Last Words. After all, in Bai Zemin's memory, what had happened in Oblon World and the invasion of the asura race was still fresh.

Although he couldn't be sure that one of the causes of the asura invasion was the spatial crack that inadvertently opened for a couple of minutes when he used his Void Fist for the first time, Bai Zemin felt that these two events were somehow interconnected with each other.

Suddenly, Bai Zemin sensed danger and as he looked below him he noticed that the zombie from before had leaped into the sky in pursuit.

Bai Zemin's eyes flashed with a fierce light as he perceived the tentacled zombie's murderous intent. He fashioned a platform of blood beneath his feet and with a swift motion kicked with every point of Strength to fly downwards, straight towards the zombie in full ascent.

"Crimson Flame!"

"Gravity Manipulation x15!"

Bai Zemin immediately set off the second activation of Blood Manipulation before increasing the gravity around him x15 times its natural.

For the first time, Bai Zemin achieved the unthinkable.

The tentacled zombie extended both limbs forward and strange poisonous spines extended from each tentacle as he lashed upward with ferocity. However, the beast suddenly noticed that his enemy's body seemed to disappear.

Danger!

The tentacled zombie realized that his enemy had moved too fast and just then an explosion shook the sky as a clear white line straight down towards the ground appeared in the middle of the night.

It was just that by the time the tentacled zombie sensed danger, it was already a little too late to react.

This was because Bai Zemin had managed to break the sound barrier!

Using over 900 Strength points after kicking the blood platform, Gravity Manipulation x15, the momentum of falling from over 3000 meters high, and last but not least with the golden spear in front of him cutting the wind obstructing his advance in two halves; Bai Zemin had managed to break the sound barrier that had become tremendously powerful due to the evolution of the world!

The tentacled zombie felt overwhelming pain in the chest area and when he looked down his pupils twitched fiercely. A hole big enough for a person to pass through headfirst had opened up from his abdomen to his chest; all the internal organs had disappeared without a trace as dark blood gushed out from within.

Bai Zemin turned around at the same time as he activated Gravity Manipulation in reverse to its maximum extent, "That beast really didn't die!"

He gritted his teeth at not receiving a message indicating the gaining of enemy Soul Power.

Knowing that the tentacled zombie was severely damaged due to his previous attack, Bai Zemin decided to take the bull by the horns, and unwilling to let go of such an opportunity, he prepared to throw his spear.

However, just as Bai Zemin was aiming at the zombie's head, he perceived mortal danger therefore he had no choice but to turn his body around again and stab fiercely with his spear downwards.

Boooooom!!!

Bai Zemin's attack was met with a blue lightning flash over 1 meter wide and over 1500 meters long.

On the bridge, the little ape had its mouth wide open as it roared a huge lightning pilar into the sky.

From a distance, one could watch in terror as in the middle of the starless night the lightning spread everywhere in a disorderly fashion with a large blue column impacting against an object that was simply too small in comparison.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!....

The seas grew rougher and rougher and as if the god of the sea had become enraged, waves over 700 meters high rose up and began to lash the bridge indiscriminately.

Rumble....!

In the middle of the nothingness, the bridge rumbled as the dark blood glowed in an attempt to hold it steady without letting it collapse.

Bai Zemin's downfall had been interrupted by the fierce magical attack of the short ape and in mid-flight he found himself fighting the powerful lightning that was trying to break beyond his spear to strike his body. He gritted his teeth trying to keep the magic from coming forward as the consequences would be dire but just then Bai Zemin seemed to receive some kind of enlightenment.

Unbeknownst to him due to the heat of the moment and the mortal danger he was in, something sleeping deep in his soul lit up for a moment; during that brief instant, the gas that represented his soul was tinged crimson with flickering jet black flashes.

"Scram!!!" Bai Zemin roared and as if he had done it a thousand times he swung his spear in a strange motion striking a certain part of the enemy's magic attack.

Boooooom!!!

"What!" The little ape on the bridge cried out in a high-pitched voice as it witnessed its magic lightning being slashed and crushed as if a giant had squashed an ant.

Blue flickering snakes lit up the sky 10 kilometers around with the aerial battlefield as the center and the seas shimmered at the electricity spreading through the atmosphere.

[You have learned...]

Bai Zemin removed the messages from his retina in irritation and soon his feet were back on the bridge.

He dashed forward furiously as he glared at the little ape with eyes brimming with murderous intent.

The intelligent little beast was too dazed by what had just happened as its elemental skills were one thing it was most proud of aside from its high intelligence and reasoning ability. Therefore, by the time Bai Zemin stabbed with his spear towards the small ape's head, the latter had lost its chance to dodge the attack or respond accordingly.

Unfortunately for Bai Zemin, this was not a fair 1 vs 1 battle.

Roar!

The alligator and the only Second Order beast among those that had appeared earlier that still alive roared at the sight of its master in danger. With no other choice, the beast ferociously swung its tail forward.

The wind exploded at the pressure exerted by the power behind the whip-like movement of the giant tail that moved at lightning speed and before Bai Zemin's spear reached the intended target, the little ape's body was sent flying to the side as if a giant truck had hit a rag doll.

The little ape coughed up several mouthfuls of fresh blood as its body flew and fell towards the sea, sinking into the deep water.

"Damn lizard! I should have killed you first!" Bai Zemin snorted and his eyes seemed to spit fire as he charged towards the alligator.

This beast definitely had a very high level. Its intelligence was even enough to judge that Bai Zemin would not abandon his previous attack even if it meant he had to receive the alligator's attack with his physical body! It was precisely for this reason that the alligator decided to strike the little ape's body and help it in this way to avoid death!

However, the alligator completely ignored Bai Zemin as in a couple of leaps and agile movements the creature jumped off the bridge and plunged into the raging sea.

All this happened in a matter of only two or three seconds at most so when Bai Zemin saw the beast disappear into the bottom of the sea, all he could do was temporarily give up and focus on other enemies. After all, even he did not dare to bravely jump into the sea; it would be no different than courting death!

Bai Zemin had no time to worry about the short ape capable of launching powerful magical attacks that had escaped his spear nor did he have time to feel anger towards the alligator that had caused one of his greatest opportunities to go to waste as immediately his Danger Sense skill again warned him that staying in that place would lead to him suffering severe damage.

Bai Zemin saw out of the corner of his eye three spheres of fire over 50 meters in diameter flying in his direction and he didn't have to think too hard to realize that these were the attacks of the Destroyer Zombies like the one he had killed before.

However, he didn't dodge this time.

"Hah!!!" Bai Zemin shouted as he slashed with his spear at lightning speed.

The golden spear under his control left overlapping images in the sky as they connected with the fire magic attacks and just like with the pillar of lightning from before, the three spheres dispersed after three powerful explosions that turned over 200 zombies and over 400 sea creatures into mortal debris.

Swoosh!

In the next instant, Bai Zemin sensed imminent danger; one that was completely different from the one he had just sensed from the fire spheres. He did not dare to take the oncoming attack casually so knowing that he would not have time to turn his body and slash with his spear, he simply spun and used that momentum to strike with his left fist forward.

Boooooooomm!!!!!

Under Bai Zemin's shocked eyes, the tentacled zombie that had just been severely wounded 4 or 5 seconds ago was now standing before him, staring at him with red eyes that were filled with burning rage.

Rumble....!!!

The bridge rumbled again but this time with more ferocity than before and even though Bai Zemin had just spent 50 Mana points for his blood barrier to withstand practically all of the resulting impact, that "little" was enough for a large rock more than 5 meters wide to break off from a part of the bridge and fall into the ocean, raising another large wave in the process which joined a 2000 meters high water tube that rose into the sky surrounding Bai Zemin and the tentacled zombie.

The tentacled zombie was forced to move back more than 20 meters as his feet dragged backward while Bai Zemin was forced to move back a bit more than 10 meters.

The tentacled zombie was shocked to the bone. This was the first time he had been defeated not once but twice in a direct confrontation, and by a First Order existence at that!

On the other hand, Bai Zemin was also shocked as he looked at the creature before him.

The tentacled zombie that should have a mortal wound on his body and at the very least should be agonizing on the ground taking his last breaths was actually standing alive and strong enough to force him back despite having over 900 Strength points and gauntlets with over 1000 points of physical attack power.

The most surprising thing was that even though one of the tentacles that the zombie had as arms was missing, the deadly wound that Bai Zemin had inflicted on him earlier which had practically made his upper body disappear was no longer there!

While all this was going on, in the distance, a beautiful woman wearing light leather armor and a sky-blue sword was getting closer and closer to the bridge.

She was Shangguan Bing Xue, who had been talking with Bai Zemin 10 minutes ago but due to her apprehension and suspicion decided to go and check some matters for herself.

Boom!!!!

A thunderous explosion coming from the distance caused the expression on Shangguan Bing Xue's beautiful face to change noticeably and she did not hesitate to activate Lightning Movement to increase her movement speed tremendously.

"Fuck..." Shangguan Bing Xue gritted her teeth and even with her good manners she couldn't help but curse under her breath. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

She had just arrived at the edge of the giant bridge but all she could see there were shattered corpses and blood. There was no sign of Bai Zemin or any other zombies present.

Booooom!!!

A terrifying explosion traveled over 40 kilometers, reaching the northern edge of the bridge and reaching Shangguan Bing Xue's ears.

She looked ahead and under her worried eyes, huge waves rose into the sky before falling heavily again.

Practically the entire area was in a mess. Even the nearest forests had been torn apart by the giant tsunamis that swept over the land as a result of the fierce battle that was raging in the middle of the sea.

Shangguan Bing Xue did not even stop to think about her own safety. She did not need to think about who the person fighting in the distance was and precisely for that reason she did not hesitate to charge towards the bridge like a whirlwind of icy wind, disappearing in a matter of seconds from the area she was in.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3