Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Back to the bridge.

Bai Zemin was the first to react as without giving the zombie leader time to respond he rushed forward at lightning speed, closing the distance of just over 30 meters in an instant.

Swoosh!

His golden spear transformed into a flash of bright light piercing towards the zombie's head, however, the creature was by no means one to be dealt with easily.

"Human! I will definitely eat your flesh and will drink your blood!!!" The lead zombie roared and slammed forward with his right tentacle.

Boom!!!

The beast's tentacle seemed to be made of metal and not flesh or any other substance since when Annihilation of the Falling Sky met the zombie's thorn-filled weapon it transmitted a slight numb feeling to Bai Zemin's hands.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!....

Bai Zemin did not respond to the leading zombie's threat and instead continued pressing fiercely forward. His golden spear was like a ferocious hurricane hitting the leading zombie and passively forcing him back slowly as the explosions became more and more violent.

Both exchanged blows in an attempt to take the life of the other and in just one second both had attacked at least 500 times!

The lead zombie immediately tensed up as he used his one tentacle to try to keep Bai Zemin's fierce attacks at bay. However, more and more bloody injuries of varying depths began to plague his body.

Rumble!!!

The bridge suddenly shook with a loud rumble and this brought Bai Zemin out of his raging state in which it didn't look like he would rest until he saw his enemy's head rolling on the ground.

"Blood Chains!" he shouted out loud.

The zombie leader immediately used another strange skill and his body was surrounded by purple thorns. However, something surprising happened.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!...

Far from being blood chains, what came out from the ground were hundreds of giant spikes that pierced into the body of the leading zombie under Bai Zemin's control.

The leading zombie realized that the human before him had tricked him and to avoid major problems he simply stomped on the blood barrier he was standing on and jumped with all his power into the sky.

It was clear that the fierce battle and deadly attacks that Bai Zemin was launching nonstop had silently told the zombie leader that even though his enemy was a First Order existence his actual combat power was something that even he needed to fear.

Even though the zombie leader only had to scratch Bai Zemin to win, if his attacks didn't reach their target it was of no use!

Bai Zemin's gaze was as cold as ice. He did not know the reason but he was in a state where both his mind and body seemed to be in sync in such a way that his movements had become more refined than before.

Bai Zemin kicked the ground and flew in pursuit of the zombie leader. His Strength stat was clearly superior as despite jumping later he still caught up with the intelligent creature in a matter of a second.

Their gazes met for an instant just as they crossed and at that moment the zombie leader opened his mouth wide.

Bai Zemi noticed how the creature's throat moved strangely and again felt a flash of illumination hitting him. A simple but at the same time ridiculous idea that not many would think of crossed his mind and in a state of total calm, he decided to put it into practice even though he was in the middle of combat.

Both the zombie leader and Bai Zemin opened their mouths and then, at an altitude of over 2000 meters, they both let the air out of their lungs while staring at each other.

Roar!

Roar!

Two fierce roars shook the tympani of the zombies, beasts, and sea creatures that were clashing fiercely on the bridge.

The sound waves met in mid-air and exploded like bombs, sending the bodies of Bai Zemin and the zombie leader flying several meters backward as the Earth's gravity pulled them back down.

[You have learned....]

Again, Bai Zemin removed the message from his retina for later inspection and by looking down for an instant he was able to get a wide view of the battlefield.

The war on the bridge was getting fiercer and fiercer with each passing second.

The zombies and beasts seemed to be working as a team while the sea creatures were under no one's leadership so not only were they killing zombies and beasts but they were also killing their own kind when one got in the way of the other.

A strange creature standing on two feet similar to a human but with a shark head and shark torso was engaged in a death fight against the two Zombie Commanders who despite having the numerical advantage in reality barely had any advantage over the Second Order sea creature.

The shark man did not fear like the humans feared the infection of the wild mana that dwelt within the zombies, therefore, the sea creature with its physical superiority and water skills managed to fight against two Second Order existences despite receiving increasingly severe injuries as time went on.

Bai Zemin saw that even though the zombies and beasts overwhelmed the sea creatures with their numbers at an approximate 5:1 ratio, gradually things began to balance out more and more as the zombies were washed away by the resulting waves from the main battlefields and as more and more sea creatures jumped onto the Eastern Dragon's Back.

Just at that moment, a mind wave was released by the zombie leader that also plummeted towards the bridge and then three giant fireballs flew in a straight line towards Bai Zemin.

However, that was not all as immediately after that Bai Zemin was also assaulted by the attacks of other First Order zombies. Wind blades, earth spades, ice cones, lightning balls, and more. Although these attacks were not as powerful as the attacks of the three Destroyer Zombies that remained alive, they could by no means be ignored.

In full flight, it was naturally impossible for Bai Zemin to dodge so many attacks focused on a single point.? Just as he planned to use Gravity Manipulation to increase his falling speed to evade as many elemental attacks as possible, as well as activate Blood Manipulation to erect shields in front of him, another change happened.

"Blizzard!"

An extremely beautiful voice like the song of angels but also chilling just like the whisper of a demon broke out amidst the war cries and bestial growls.

Bai Zemin noticed out of the corner of his eye that a thousand meters below him, running from the northern area of the bridge, the silver moonshines entered in sync with the platinum white hair of an incredibly beautiful woman running at lightning speed into the battlefield.

His eyes widened in shock as this beautiful woman brandished that sword with which he was extremely familiar towards the sky and on the surface of the sword three light blue magic circles lit up.

Swooooooooosh!

The frost energy burst powerfully outward from the magic circles on the blade and the fierce but beautiful swing of the sword pushed all that frost energy into the sky.

With a huge range, the frost energy quickly turned into a fierce blizzard that soared over 2000 meters high and traveled for another 1000 meters in a straight line towards the bridge in a southerly direction.

Crack... Crack... Crack... Crack....

Wherever the blizzard passed, everything froze. The air particles were no exception as a thin layer of frost formed in the middle of the empty space but the most chilling thing was that when the blizzard came face to face with the magical attacks that were heading towards Bai Zemin they were completely frozen to the point where even the giant fire spheres that the three Destroyer Zombies had cast were completely frozen in mid-air.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!....

All of the elemental attacks exploded in mid-air after being frozen and tiny fragments of ice slowly fell from the sky, scattering in all directions and creating a beautiful sight that was witnessed by the moonlight.

Furthermore, regardless of whether they were scary zombies, beasts several meters tall, or strange-looking sea creatures; all living things within a range of 1000 meters in a straight line were affected by the effect of the blizzard.

The First Order existences lost over 60% movement speed as a thin layer of frost formed on their bodies and although they were doing their best to shake it, it was clear that it would take them some time to achieve it. As for those Unclassified existences.... All of them, regardless of race, were frozen to death.

Bai Zemin's feet touched the bridge again and, like all those with some intelligence, he glared at the platinum-haired woman approaching with delicate steps.

"Bing Xue?" he said in astonishment. It was clear that he hadn't expected to see Shangguan Bing Xue here when 5-10 minutes ago she was at Baiquan Camp!

The moonlight fell on her and Bai Zemin was forced to admit that leaving aside a Higher Existence and even a succubus whose charm was simply colossal like Lilith, Shangguan Bing Xue was by far the most beautiful woman he had ever seen; even the beautiful and sexy Third Order Glineira he killed in Oblon World could not compare.

However, the expression on the face of Shangguan Bing Xue said that she wasn't very happy at the moment.

Her usually ice-cold eyes had transformed into the embodiment of volcanoes as they seemed to be about to erupt and spit out burning lava. Moreover, it was clear from the line of her delicate jaw that she was clenching her teeth hard enough to snap them.

How could Bai Zemin not understand the reason behind her anger? He forced a smile into his heart but just when he thought she was going to say something or complain, Shangguan Bing Xue said a thing that surprised him one more time:

"You take care of that zombie over there. Leave the rest to me... I'll see to it that the small ones don't bother you."

Bai Zemin looked at her in awe before a flash of appreciation passed through his black eyes.

"You really are a great woman." He said from the bottom of his heart as he clenched his spear tightly and fixed his eyes on the zombie leader who seemed to be giving orders as he waited for his missing tentacle to grow to speeds visible to the naked eye. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Shangguan Bing Xue raised her slender hand and tidied a strand of hair behind her ear as she casually said, "It's good that you know."

Bai Zemin chuckled before his expression grew cold.

"Then, I'll talk to you later."

Just as he charged towards the zombie leader to pick things up where they left off, he heard:

"Be careful!"

Bai Zemin nodded imperceptibly and soon entered into fierce combat against the zombie leader.

Shangguan Bing Xue watched with narrowed eyes the battle between what in her eyes were two monsters out of their current league. Although she could not follow every move the leading zombie and Bai Zemin made as she mostly saw flashes of golden light and flashes of ominous-looking purple lights, the fact that the powerful zombie was backing away again and again while Bai Zemin was advancing more and more ferociously left it exposed who had the upper hand in hand-to-hand battle.

Seeing that all seemed to be well now and feeling relatively more relieved, Shangguan Bing Xue faced the battlefield that belonged to her and silently cherished the beautiful crown that adorned her hair.

The crown was mostly a jewel in the shape of a lily flower with a teardrop-shaped sapphire which fell silently and rested in the center of her forehead. The lily flower with the sapphire was held in place by two large, deep blue rose-shaped clips; roses which were held by the sides of her hair, just to both sides of her forehead. Two braided chains linked the lily flower to each rose at both ends and in the light of the rising moon and matching Shangguan Bing Xue's silver hair made her look like a true goddess.

This was the treasure she had received from the Soul Record as a reward for having partially completed part of the quest under the name 'Destroyer of Destroyers' after she and Bai Zemin invaded Oblon World and discovered that the races there had committed taboo.

This was an Epic grade treasure, however, it was a treasure that barely bordered on Legend grade. Although it was a big difference compared to Bai Zemin's storage ring, the Soul Record had also given Shangguan Bing Xue what she needed the most just like it did with Bai Zemin.

The name of the treasure was Elf Queen's Frozen Pride.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3