Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The battle raging in the upper part of the bridge known as one of the largest in all of China and the whole world under the name Eastern Dragon's Back was becoming more and more fierce with each passing second.

Constant explosions were occurring one after another and terrifying shock waves destroyed everything in their path. The sea waves were rising to the sky as if they wanted to defy the gravity of the world and the rules of nature more and more frequently than at the beginning as the death count grew without stopping even for a moment.

The zombies were undoubtedly the numerical majority. Counting over 6,000,000 zombies among which there was no shortage of First Order existences and among which there were two Second Order zombies with the ability to command armies of up to five million, as well as the support of over 20,000 mutant beasts whose bodies had become tremendously robust after reaching level 20, the army of the zombie-beast alliance was holding a small lead at the moment.

However, it was clear that the number of deaths on the zombie-beast alliance's side exceeded the total death count on the sea creatures' side. Therefore, it was unknown whether the trend of advantage that the alliance had would continue or if it would disappear in the next minute.

The sea creatures were tremendously tenacious and fierce. Despite being out of the waters and fighting on dry ground, the territory of bipedal beings, it didn't matter if it was fish or crab; they all took at least three or four zombies and maybe even a beast to the grave before perishing.

Blood of different colors had turned the surface of the bridge into a kind of canvas; a canvas on which only a lunatic would ever want to draw and which only a deranged person would appreciate seeing; limbs of different species and of assorted creatures were scattered messily everywhere while pieces of white broken bones marked a detailed contrast with the red blood of the beasts, blue of the sea creatures, and black of the zombies.

There were different battlefields even though they were all fighting on the same bridge. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

On one side was the least important but at the same time the most sanguinary battlefield of all; this was the battlefield where Unclassified existences and First Order existences fought for supremacy; this was the battlefield where regardless of race, regardless of whether it was zombie, beast, or fish, the victor and survivor devoured the body of the defeated and slain.

On the other hand, there was the secondary battlefield. However, despite being only the secondary battlefield within this great war and not the main stage of battle, this secondary battlefield was undoubtedly fierce; fierce enough that the shock waves of the encounter among the attacks of those fighting on it would crush to the bone any existence of the less important battlefield that came too close in an oversight. This battlefield, despite being only a secondary battlefield, had the potential to influence the main battlefield as those fighting here were almost all Second Order existences!

Finally and apart from the two battlefields mentioned above, there was the main battlefield.

The main battlefield was the fiercest and most terrifying of all even though only two existences fought on it. This battlefield had no fixed space since the two combatants could be on the bridge now but the next instant they could be exchanging blows and magic attacks thousands of meters above.

The night sky vaguely covered by clouds was now completely clear and although there were no stars visible, the full moon witnessed the loss of thousands and dozens of thousands of lives being lost in a matter of seconds.

The night that should have been dark was pushed aside by bright lightning and fire chains that illuminated the surroundings. The already fierce winds in the middle of the sea became even more powerful when wind-like magical skills hit the bridge in such a way that even standing on the structure would be an impossible task for an unevolved existence.

Bang!

A wave over 600 meters high rose into the sky with a diameter of over 300 meters, covering part of the battlefield.

This wave had formed as a consequence of the fatal clash between the physical attacks between the two existences facing each other in the middle of a deadly dance in which a single misstep would cause the music to stop as one of its participants would be destined to fall not long after.

The wave was soon pulled back by gravity but much of it was scattered everywhere. As it hit the bridge, the bodies of some zombies and even some sea creatures were turned to flesh pulp due to the pressure with which the torrent fell and only the beasts whose bodies were more powerful managed to endure. However, there were many more zombies, sea creatures, and even mutant beasts that were swept into the deep waters.

The zombies and beasts that fell into the sea fought as long as they could but their efforts were completely futile as the same sea creatures that had been dragged back into the water devoured them. In the water, the sea creatures were king and could finally exhibit 100% of their strength.

"How can this be possible!" The zombie leader shouted indignantly and furiously at the same time. His red eyes glared at the human in front of him intensely enough to imprint every feature of his body as he said, "You're just a First Order human! I'm a zombie who broke through the Third Order barrier two days ago and I even have the Duke subclass! I refuse to believe that a human can beat me!"

Saying that, the zombie leader kicked the bridge with all its power, causing thick cracks over 100 meters long to spread out. The zombie leader was like a mad beast that wanted nothing more than to tear Bai Zemin into a thousand chunks as it charged straight at him!

The zombie leader flatly refused to accept it! With so many zombies under his leadership, he was an existence that enjoyed a 200% increase in his battle power! How could he accept that a First Order human was defeating him? It was simply impossible!

Even if the zombie leader did not know the difference between human and zombie subclasses, he was not willing to believe that with his entire army numbering in the millions the boost he received was no greater than the boost a human received from a few tens of thousands!

Bai Zemin advanced to meet the zombie leader's attack instead of retreating. His spear was like unstoppable golden lightning flashes as no matter what his enemy did Bai Zemin's attacks always pierced his skin.

Foul-looking purple blood began to stain the leading zombie's body and even though his high Health helped his wounds recover at surprising speeds, it was clear that Bai Zemin's attack speed was high enough to overcome the beast's recovery.

Boom!!!

Boom!!!!

Boom!!!

Booooooom!!!!

...

Fierce explosions, one more terrifying than the other, shook the atmosphere.

If this battle was not happening in the middle of one of China's largest mouths, then the world map would probably have to undergo several modifications.

A First Order existence possessed enough power to turn a street 100 meters around into a pile of rubble with one physical attack or one magical attack.

A Second Order existence possessed enough power to turn an entire village into a disaster of destruction with one simple attack.

As for a Third Order existence... A large village with more than 50,000 inhabitants could be devastated under the attacks of such a being.

Were it not for the fact that Bai Zemin was taking the force resulting from the attacks of the zombie leader with his body and was it not for the fact that he was sending out most of the resulting energy between the clash of the attacks of the two, all living beings on the bridge except those Second Order existences or those First Order existences specialized in defense would have already been turned into chopped meat.

Of course, Bai Zemin would be more than happy to let them all become chopped meat as this would make things easier for him as well. However, if he allowed such a thing to happen, he would be taking the risk of the bridge collapsing.

Besides, Shangguan Bing Xue was there.

In fact, Shangguan Bing Xue was the main reason why Bai Zemin was practically crushing the zombie leader.

Swoosh!

Shangguan Bing Xue swung her sword covered in a faint but beautiful silver radiance and with a swift movement she took advantage of the momentary carelessness of the Zombie Commander she was facing.

Her blue eyes as clear as the moonlight that shone brightly hanging over the sky flashed with cold light within as the male Zombie Commander's head appeared in her pupils flying along with a raw torrent of uncontrolled blood flowing from the neck of the creature.

[You have received the Soul Power of Second Order Zombie Commander 'Ye Yuan' level 74....]

Shangguan Bing Xue turned her body nimbly and with a fierce kick sent the lifeless body of her enemy flying towards the less important battlefield and causing the death of several zombies that were struck by the sturdy corpse of the Zombie Commander.

She had been fighting for only 5 minutes but had already managed to take the life of a Second Order existence. As if killing a Second Order existence in just 5 minutes wasn't enough, Shangguan Bing Xue was only a First Order existence of level 50 and zombies were the race that humans feared the most for obvious reasons.

Shangguan Bing Xue's cold gaze carefully scanned the different battlefields without moving from her current position. She only had two objectives at present.

Her first objective was to prevent any creature present from intervening in the battle Bai Zemin was fighting. As long as there were no zombie, beast, or sea creature trying to affect the course of the clearly won battle that had not yet culminated, Shangguan Bing Xue would not attack and let them kill each other as this would make things a little easier for the humans.

Last but not least by no means least, Shangguan Bing Xue's second target was perfectly leveling up with one of Bai Zemin's targets.

"Ice Ground." She whispered softly.

A magic circle of over 1000 meters shone under her feet for a second and from within it emanated a large amount of frozen fog. The frozen fog soon transformed into a thin but at the same time extremely hard layer of ice that stretched over 2000 meters along the bridge.

Shangguan Bing Xue made sure to synchronize her Ice Maker skill with Bai Zemin's Blood Manipulation skill as best as possible so that the ice ground and the blood barrier became tough defenses for the bridge. Above all, she made sure to cover the areas where the shark man of the marine race and the last Zombie Commander clashed against each other and the possible points where Bai Zemin and the zombie leader would exchange blows.

If not for her, not only would Bai Zemin be in a death grip due to his physical and mental exhaustion but the bridge he was desperately trying to protect would probably have already collapsed at this point as a result of the fierce shockwaves and physical or magical attacks that missed their course and ended up hitting the bridge.

"Arrgh!!!"

The attention of Shangguan Bing Xue was quickly attracted by the cry of pain from the zombie leader; she could easily recognize it now after having heard the creature screaming and roaring his anger nonstop for every time Bai Zemin inflicted wounds that could not be ignored.

However, this time it was different.

In full upward flight, Bai Zemin's golden spear traced a beautiful golden arc.

In full descent, the left leg of the zombie leader was detached from the rest of his body as more and more blood flowed out from the severed flesh.

"Great!" Shangguan Bing Xue clenched her small fist excitedly as she stared at Bai Zemin with shining eyes.

On the other hand, the zombies became frenzied and their attacks became more ferocious as the Second Order Zombie Commander roared furiously and stopped worrying about defense, attacking with the intention of killing the Second Order Shark Man even if in the process he suffered severe damage.

It was clear that the zombies also sensed that things did not look good for them and their race.

Just at that moment and precisely when the body of Bai Zemin was beginning to be dragged down by the gravity of the world, the sea that was raging violently suddenly calmed down.

The sea creatures that were furiously fighting zombies and beasts did their best to force their enemies back before retreating to one end of the bridge and jumping into the water as if by prior agreement.

Bai Zemin frowned hard and suddenly had a bad premonition. He decided not to chase after the zombie leader and instead stood next to Shangguan Bing Xue at the first instant his feet touched the frozen bridge.

Shangguan Bing Xue also tensed but she said nothing and stood firmly by his side. Regardless of what would happen, things were already as they were so there was no need to fear. Besides, she also had no plans to run away and leave Bai Zemin fighting alone; not now that she had enough power to assist him.

Swoooooosh!!!

The sea suddenly underwent another change again.

As if singing a beautiful melody, the waves danced gorgeously as one of these waves slowly rose into the sky only stopping once it reached 300 meters high; just 100 meters above the bridge.

Standing onto the wave were two creatures.

One of them was a beautiful woman; beautiful to the point of being able to steal the breath of any living being. She had dark blue hair, blue eyes, white skin without imperfections, her upper body was partially naked, and only had two seashells covering her generous-sized bosoms. The most surprising thing, however, was that her lower body was not like that of a normal human woman.

She had a long fish tail.

She was a mermaid.

* * * * * * *

As everyone probably knows by now, BW may receive an adaptation in the future. Although nothing is certain, the chances are there.

If support continues or, better yet, grows, we could be in for some good news in the future. Thanks to all who support this novel and me!