Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The mermaid at the top of the wave had a strange charm, one that Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue were not used to dealing with.

She not only had a beautiful face and a sculpted curvaceous body but because of her tail and the shimmering blue scales that covered part of her arms she had a touch of exotic beauty that was too alluring to take one's eyes off her.

However, the gaze of Bai Zemin only lingered for a second on the mermaid's body before moving to the creature riding the wave right next to her, and when he saw this creature, he not only tensed slightly but the murderous intent within him exploded in such a way that everyone on the bridge felt it.

This was because the creature standing next to the mermaid was none other than the little ape who not long ago had been thrown into the sea by the alligator in an attempt to save its master from Bai Zemin's fatal attack!

In fact, Bai Zemin knew that the little ape was still alive despite having fallen into the water. After all, the little ape was the leader of the beasts and if it wasn't because it was sending orders by unknown means the other unintelligent beasts would have definitely started to kill themselves and fight against the zombies instead of simply attacking the sea life.

It was just that Bai Zemin did not expect the little ape to suddenly appear with a mermaid coming from the deep sea and from what he could see it seemed that they were in some sort of alliance as well.

Bai Zemin did not understand why the mermaid who clearly had great prestige among the sea creatures would join forces with the leader of the beasts. After all, so far, the beasts and zombies had joined hands to slaughter the sea creatures. However, even though Bai Zemin didn't understand too much of what was going on, he didn't care either.

Since that was the way things were, he would probably be forced to use Overlap Regeneration again. This would place a heavy burden on his currently wounded soul, but Bai Zemin would rather wound his soul more deeply than let himself be hunted alive and die. Besides, he was not alone here; Shangguan Bing Xue would die if he did not have such determination.

The battlefield on the bridge had become silent when the mermaid made her appearance as from the moment the sea creatures jumped into the water, the zombie-beast alliance lost their targets to fight against.

The mermaid that had appeared was the Seventh Princess of the Eastern Sea Race and her name was Xian Mei'er. The first thing she did after arriving on the surface was to observe the battlefield and somehow what she saw confused her. However, that confusion slowly turned into anger as the blue eyes of Xian Mei'er flashed with chilling light at the sight of the corpses of so many soldiers of her race.

Just as the Seventh Princess clenched her magic staff so tightly that her knuckles turned white without a trace of blood, a chilling aura enveloped the area and forced her back to her senses.

The mermaid princess was slightly surprised to notice the spine-chilling look the male human was giving her but when out of the corner of her eye she saw the little ape she naturally understood everything.

Mermaids were a legendary race and there were many theories regarding this mythological race that had haunted human myths and legends since ancient times.

In some myths, mermaids were creepy creatures that sang beautiful songs to cause ships to crash into each other and sink to the bottom of the ocean or to lure fishermen with their charm. In other myths, mermaids were extremely beautiful and shy beings that hid in maritime areas unreachable for mankind.

However, all these myths had something in common; and that was that mermaids were undoubtedly extremely intelligent creatures.

The mermaid princess looked at the zombie leader who was gasping for air and noticed that one of his tentacles was nowhere to be seen, his body was riddled with wounds, and one of his legs was gone. Then, she looked at the human male and then looked at the human female before her gaze settled on the male again as while both were tremendously powerful, it was clear that the leader between the two was the male.

The mermaid princess suddenly looked down at the sea below her and shouted words in a language that none of those present could understand. Her voice was gentle but at the same time had a slight tinge of natural arrogance similar to that of a person from a wealthy family, yet charming and pleasant to listen to.

Swoosh!

The sea opened up and a new wave rose.

On top of the wave, the Second Order shark man who had been fighting to the death against two Zombie Commanders at the same time before Shangguan Bing Xue took one for herself emerged.

The body of the shark man was riddled with wounds and the dark blue blood flowing out of his body seemed to be fighting against something as the visible flesh occasionally twisted. Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue noticed that deep in the flesh of the shark man were strange purple rashes that began to slowly grow; it was probably the product of some venomous skill or some side effect of the zombies' natural infection. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

The shark man knelt on his right knee and lowered his head. His loud and clear voice rang out and even though no one could understand what he was saying the respectful tone in his voice had laid bare to Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue that the beautiful mermaid had great status among the sea creatures.

The beautiful mermaid and the shark man were talking for almost two whole minutes. Mostly and even though no one could understand the content of the conversation, it seemed to be that the mermaid was asking questions as the shark man occasionally nodded his head and looked towards the bridge, pointing to some places and looking at the zombies and beasts with anger in his big eyes.

After about 120 seconds, the mermaid seemed to have gotten the information she was looking for as she simply nodded and with a wave of her hands said something to the shark man.

The shark man lowered his head in shame and after bowing to the mermaid looked at the Zombie Commander with murderous intent before sinking back into the waters and disappearing without a trace.

"Sea Princess, since you are here why don't you honor our agreement and help us kill this human?" The zombie leader looked at the beautiful mermaid with his red eyes and inquired in a deep voice.

The little ape, before the mermaid could say anything, stomped on the wave it was standing on and fell back onto the bridge. The little creature looked at Bai Zemin with bloodshot eyes as a deep bloody wound littered its chest; probably the place where the Second Order alligator had struck earlier.

A blue-colored pearl that was embedded in the skin of the mermaid's forehead glowed faintly and she opened her plump lips. For the first time, Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue understood the words of this beautiful sea creature.

"You dare to ask me questions?" Princess Xian Mei'er said. Although her voice was gentle, the hidden anger could not go unnoticed from those who had taken the lives of hundreds of thousands of living beings which was why the zombie leader knew that the Seventh Princess was displeased.

"Your zombie race, the beast race, and my sea race. Our three races had reached a clear agreement." Xian Mei'er said as her whole body trembled and she struggled to contain her anger and frustration, "In exchange for helping you kill a human and destroy his forces, you would deliver sacrifices to my subordinates. However, what happened here? You formed an alliance and over ten thousand of my precious subordinates were mercilessly killed! If you don't give me an explanation today, then none of you will be able to leave this place safe and sound!"

The anger of the Seventh Princess seemed to be felt by the sea as dozens of waves hundreds of meters long began to agitate. From the distance, giant tsunamis could be seen rising and dying in the same spot over and over again, creating an extremely terrifying image.

The zombie leader was already angry after being humiliated and beaten by the attacks of the human so when the princess threatened him his anger naturally did not let him think rationally about the consequences of continuing to offend her.

Fortunately, the little ape was able to keep its mind composed despite its inner rage.

The little beast stepped forward and said in a high-pitched voice, "Sea Princess, I can assure you that we will give you an apology for this. I am even willing to offer 100,000 Unclassified beasts for you to feed your populace. However, before that happens, would you mind helping us to kill these two humans?"

The little ape pointed at Bai Zemin and said seriously, "Especially the male. That human must die or else in the future there will be no room for us in China."

The mermaid princess might not be aware of how terrifying the human known as Bai Zemin was, but the little ape and the zombie leader knew it perfectly well. Despite having fought for 48 hours without any rest, despite having slaughtered nearly 10,000,000 zombies, despite having fought and killed several Second Order enemies; Bai Zemin still had enough power to overwhelm the little ape and the zombie leader in such a way that they both ended up in miserable states under his physical and magical attacks.

"Hmph." The Seventh Princess snorted and said with ridicule and disdain, "I, Xian Mei'er, might be nothing more than a Second Order mermaid. However, this princess stands out as being very clever. Do you think you can fool me, beast leader? You and the zombie leader clearly joined hands to fight that human and were still defeated. It's because you somehow expected this to happen that three days ago you requested my help, isn't it?"

The little ape frowned and the face of the zombie leader sank. Neither of them liked where things were heading.

Bai Zemin decided to seize the opportunity, and using the information he had managed to gather from this short discussion, he said in a deep voice, "Mermaid princess, if you forge an alliance with me, I will offer you an even better deal than the one these two offered you."

Xian Mei'er looked at the human standing on the bridge from a superior position. She asked with apparent interest, "And what do you have to offer, human leader?"

Bai Zemin narrowed his eyes and his eyes flashed strangely as he listened to the way the Sea Princess referred to him. After thinking about it for a moment, Bai Zemin slowly said:

"It seems that you need food for your subordinates. Although I don't know your motives nor do I understand the situation under the seas, it is clear that you and your race have your own problems just like all of us here.... So, how about this? After murdering everyone here, I, Bai Zemin, swear to give up 30% of all the zombies here as well as 50% of the beasts present."

"30%? 50%?" The mermaid princess sneered, "The beast leader is wounded, the zombie leader's battle power dropped below 70%, and you, human leader, are clearly exhausted. As for the woman next to you, even though she is strong she definitely won't be able to fight against me and my subordinates.... I can take whatever I want right now! Why in the world would I accept a deal like this?"

"... That's because if you reject my offer, I'm afraid that you and all your subordinates will be sent to the bottomless abyss from which you will never be able to get out." Bai Zemin said in a cold voice.

The blue eyes of Xian Mei'er flashed with chilling coldness and the murderous intent in her began to grow.

Just as Shangguan Bing Xue was beginning to grow anxious, Bai Zemin continued:

"Over 7,000,000 zombies fell into the sea, regardless of whether they were alive or not, your race devoured them and with it also took large amounts of Soul Stones. Giving you 30% of the 6,000,000 that are here is my limit. As for the percentage of beasts, my human race needs them too, so the percentage is out of the question... However, in return, I can give you the corpse of a Third Order existence."

Bai Zemi noticed that the mermaid princess's eyes shone brightly when she heard his last words and his lips curved imperceptibly upwards.

"What do you think, Your Highness?"

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3