Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"After I'm done with you, let me see if you can continue with that arrogance of yours!" shouted the zombie leader in anger and ignoring whatever the little ape had said he stomped on the bridge with such force that the ice floor Shangguan Bing Xue had created to support Bai Zemin's blood barrier practically cracked all the way through.

The mermaid princess snorted in retaliation to the aggressive outburst of the zombie leader. The gemstone on the top of her magic staff released a faint blue glow and the large wave beneath her body receded at the same time as Xian Mei'er waved her staff.

Her soft voice resounded in the middle of the night: "Water Dragon!"

Bang!

The sea exploded as the waters gathered and in an instant a beast over 300 meters long and over 30 meters tall took shape. Although the creature was just pure water, the power of a true flood dragon seemed to emanate from its silhouette and as it soared skyward in pursuit of the advancing zombie leader the air began to blast repeatedly due to the pressure caused.

"Scram!" The zombie leader roared and lashed his two hardened tentacles forward, using them as whips to lacerate the body of his enemy.

The water dragon let out a low roar in response and using the momentum with which it came out of the water swung its long tail straight ahead.

Boooom!!!Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

The waves rose up forming a beautiful but terrifying natural phenomenon as the shockwave spread out with the point of impact as its center.

The water dragon and the zombie leader seemed to freeze for a moment in mid-flight but that stagnation was soon broken as the zombie leader was sent flying in such a way that his body only stopped once he extended and enlarged his right tentacle to cling tightly to one of the pillars of the bridge.

On the other hand, the water dragon exploded and turned into millions of tiny water droplets that shot up into the sky before falling swiftly back into the sea creating small ripples of water.

It was clear that although the water dragon looked quite majestic, at the end of the day, it was just a skill that belonged to the mermaid princess. Unless the mermaid princess was tremendously more powerful than the zombie leader or her skill was at very high stages, it was completely normal for the water dragon to be destroyed by the attack of an enraged Third Order creature.

However, Xian Mei'er did not panic at all. She kept her distance from the bridge and using the now more than 500 meters high wave she chanted one more time, "Water Dragon!"

Bang!

Again, an oriental dragon made of pure water came out of the sea and charged towards the bridge. However, this was not all as the mermaid princess waved her staff and as the mana in her body fluttered, she activated a second skill.

"Electrified Body!"

The voice of Xian Mei'er had only fallen as countless lightning flashes of different sizes surrounded and began to dance over the water dragon's body. The night sky lit up and from a distance the bright gold-colored light could be seen illuminating the sky vault.

The lead zombie roared and with a strong kick launched himself forward again.

Boom!!

Boom!!!

This time, even after two powerful blows, the zombie leader failed to destroy the water dragon despite forcing it back with the first attack and sending it flying with the second one. However, it was clear that the zombie leader was also having his own difficulties as sparks of golden lightning flashed over his two tentacles causing his muscles to slightly atrophy.

"Human leader, you don't need to stand there watching."

The voice of the mermaid princess traveled to the bridge, successfully reaching Bai Zemin.

"Even though I am just a Second Order existence, in the sea, there is no way a filthy Third Order beast that only advanced using strange means can defeat me!"

The voice of Xian Mei'er not only sounded confident but also contained a tinge of ridicule clearly directed towards the zombie leader. However, regardless of the content of her message, this served to soothe Bai Zemin.

Although Bai Zemin did not care whether the mermaid princess died or not, he hoped that she would be able to restrain the zombie leader at least long enough for him to inflict major wounds on the beast leader or even kill it. Otherwise, things would once again become very difficult for him; more so considering the zombie leader's Sacrifice skill that allowed him to sacrifice zombies in exchange for regenerating his body.

"I'll go help you when I'm done here!" Bai Zemin shouted back.

Xian Mei'er did not respond and instead continued to create water creatures using her magic. Every time one was destroyed, she simply waved her staff and spawned a new one. Sometimes, the mermaid princess would even become daring enough to empower her water monsters with other skills such as Electrified Body, Ancient Endurance, Royal Blessing, etc.

The zombie leader, despite being clearly a lot stronger, had no way of reaching the mermaid princess as his skill of extending his tentacles only had a range of 300 meters at present and because of the water summons that repeatedly obstructed his route, the zombie leader was unable to reach Xian Mei'er.

Xian Mei'er was not stupid. She knew that in a face-to-face confrontation against the zombie leader her defeat would be a matter of time. Therefore, she backed off when she needed to back off and moved forward when she found the opportunity.

Using her ability to summon artificial creatures from the sea, Xian Mei'er managed to keep the zombie leader at bay while slowly draining his Stamina and Mana; Stamina and Mana which were currently quite low after the creature used Sacrifice.

Seeing that the mermaid princess seemed to be able to fight against the zombie leader without too much trouble, Bai Zemin let out a sigh of relief in his heart.

His cold eyes moved to the little ape that was muttering continuously things that neither Bai Zemin nor Shangguan Bing Xue could hear from a distance.

Bai Zemin frowned and took a step forward. His murderous intent was completely released from his body and an intangible crimson aura seemed to take shape around his silhouette.

This was the result of having slaughtered and ended the lives of so many existences in such a short time.

[You have learned.....]

Again, leaving the records obtained for later, Bai Zemin looked at the little ape and said in a chilling voice: "Stop babbling, little rat. It's you and me now, with no one intervening."

The little ape ignored Bai Zemin and instead continued muttering under its breath:

"How is this possible..."

"How is this possible..."

"How is this possible..."

...

Shangguan Bing Xue approached Bai Zemin and whispered, "What do you want me to do?"

Bai Zemin gave her a sidelong glance before turning his gaze to the front and whispering, "Stay alert. I feel something is not right, but I can't Infer what it is."

Shangguan Bing Xue's blue eyes flashed and she nodded sternly after hearing what he said.

"Leave it to me." She said softly. As she looked at his serious profile from the side, she added, "Go and fight without worrying about anything but your own well-being."

Bai Zemin smiled slightly in return before stomping hard on the ice floor that enveloped part of his blood barrier and protected the bridge.

Bang!

The wind generated by the explosion at the sudden movement caused Shangguan Bing Xue's flowing hair to dance under the glare of the moonlight and even though Bai Zemin's silhouette was but a blur in her eyes, she seemed to be able to see him since in her pupils the only thing reflected was him.

The little ape naturally sensed mortal danger from the moment Bai Zemin focused his gaze on him; a danger which escalated to colossal levels once he lunged forward to start the fight.

"How the hell did this happen?!" The little ape roared in a high-pitched voice as its magical power went berserk.

The response of Bai Zemin was to stab forward with his golden spear directly between the beast leader's eyes.

The little ape roared skyward and a tremendous wind blast formed a kind of dome that quickly spread outward, growing larger and larger.

Boooom!!!!

Bai Zemin's spear hit the huge wind barrier and a thunderous explosion caused the entire bridge to rumble. The wind barrier shattered after withstanding the impact and stopping Bai Zemin's charge. Thousands of wind blades indiscriminately slashed the ice floor, the blood barrier, and even took the lives of several hundred of the creatures fighting their own war on top of the bridge.

"This wasn't how things were supposed to be!" The little ape stretched his hands skyward and a dark cloud 100 meters wide and 400 meters long formed out of thin air. The beast leader looked at Bai Zemin with bloodshot eyes and roared, "Today, I was supposed to fulfill my wish to take your life! My plan was perfect!!!"

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!....

Purple lightning flashed around the dark cloud and Bai Zemin barely had time to react when a lightning flash as thick as a vehicle fell from the sky with the intention of striking him.

Bai Zemin merely snorted coldly and when the purple lightning came into range of his spear he simply stabbed out at a strange angle.

Boom!!!

The lightning exploded as the spear tip slammed against it and small snakes of lightning scattered through the air illuminating the surroundings for a brief fraction of a second before disappearing.

But it was not all.

After the first lightning flash struck and was destroyed, a second one descended from the sky.

Then a third, a fourth, a fifth.... Six, seven.... More than a thousand violet lightning flashes descended from the sky with short margins between them.

The sight from the distance was magnificent as well as terrifying.

The golden radiance and the purple shine intermingled with each other to form a kind of artificial aurora in the sky that looked beautiful despite the danger that approaching it represented. Were it not for the thunderous explosions and bestial roars that could be heard even more than 50 km away and were it not for the world being as it was, many would probably have approached the Eastern Dragon's Back in search of answers.

Bai Zemin lashed out with his spear. Sometimes he would stab, sometimes he would swing, sometimes he would even use the back of his weapon to finish off some lightning.

All of this seemed to be a simple thing for him. It was as if the elemental skill of the little ape was nothing more than a joke in his eyes as the expression of Bai Zemin remained impassive at all moments.

"Why?!" The little ape roared as it leaped skyward and stretched both hands forward, "Why don't my magic attacks work on you?! Why are you so strong?! You're just a human! Your body should be weak and your talent shouldn't be so high! What the heck are you?!"

Bai Zemin, annoyed with the little ape's strange behavior, suddenly tensed the muscles in his arms and legs.

With a fierce stab forward and not holding back his Strength stat at all, a thunderous explosion followed by a huge air cannon propelled by Annihilation of the Falling Sky flew into the sky struck the black cloud from which the lightning flashes fell without pause.

Boom!!!!!

The cloud dissipated on the spot and as a consequence all the lightning flashes it contained also dispersed across the sky, vanishing without a trace a moment later.

Bai Zemin swung his spear around his body before pointing the tip at the ape that was holding itself in the air using the gusts of wind to its advantage.

"Looks like you've been observing me? Oh well, never mind that." His cold voice reached skyward and with indifference, he emphasized, "Regardless of your motives and regardless of the reason behind your strange behavior towards me, from the moment you decided to be my enemy you were destined to fall. You ask who am I? Let me answer that question before I kill you."

Blue lightning flashes crackled over the body of Bai Zemin at the activation of Lightning Movement. The power of Crimson Flame immediately encircled his spear and as he leaned his body slightly forward in preparation for what seemed to be an imminent leap, he said coldly:

"I am the human who will one day rule this universe.... You shouldn't feel bad now that you know who I am, should you?"

His voice was arrogant and proud and even the mermaid princess and the zombie leader fighting in the distance heard it. However, neither of them felt anything but ridicule in their hearts.... However, the same could not be said of the little ape; the little ape felt for some reason that what the human before him had just said were not mere words but facts.

And this chilled its blood because it had a very special skill attached to its soul.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3