Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Although the sea princess Xian Mei'er tried with all her might to prevent the zombie leader from escaping, it was not an easy if not an impossible task for her to accomplish on her own.

Xian Mei'er was already having some difficulty in facing the zombie leader as she kept her distance and launched magic attacks from the top of her wave, keeping the zombie leader at bay to prevent it from getting too close to her as that would probably be her downfall. Therefore, wanting to stop an existence that was already more powerful than her to begin with had become too much of a challenge for her.

With Xian Mei'er sending out water summoning after water summoning and making use of all her aquatic control over the surrounding area, as well as casting every single magic skill at her disposal, the zombie leader was effectively slowed down. However, the fact that the zombie leader was slightly contained did not mean that Xian Mei'er could hold him back forever.

Slowly but surely, the zombie leader broke through the defenses imposed by the mermaid princess until he finally managed to break through the siege between the ten or so water dragons that coiled around the bridge creating an apocalyptic image worthy of an Oscar-nominated movie.

"Dammit!" Xian Mei'er couldn't help but curse as her last water dragon was smashed into the sea by the fists of the zombie leader: "Are you going to run away, zombie leader?! Will you abandon your race to their fate?!"

All she could do was try to use offensive words to stop the retreating footsteps of the Third Order existence. However, the mermaid princess' efforts were fruitless as far from stopping the zombie leader showed how little he cared for his race when he mercilessly slaughtered all the zombies that came his way effectively creating a bloody trail.

Although the mermaid princess could hold off the zombie leader longer, to accomplish such a thing she would first have to approach the bridge and activate her magic skills from a close range in order to force the zombie leader to stop unless he wanted to be hit by a deluge of magic attacks. It was just that Xian Mei'er had no intention of doing such a thing, after all, one punch from the zombie leader would probably be more than enough to send her back to the bottom of the sea with wounds from which Xain Mei'er would not be able to free herself in a day or two.

Just as the zombie leader was escaping while swearing to one day take revenge just like every second-rate villain after being defeated by one of the main characters of countless web novels, a silhouette suddenly appeared in his line of sight.

A vicious smile appeared at the corner of the zombie leader's deformed mouth as he recognized the human woman who seemed to be especially close to that odious male human.

Before I leave, I'd better drop off a farewell gift or else the humans will think that we, zombies, are an unprincipled race. That was what the zombie leader thought as his body seemed to flash and disappear from his position only to appear a moment later in front of the beautiful silver-haired human woman.

The blue eyes of the woman did not even seem to reflect the silhouette of the zombie leader as the creature struck viciously using his right tentacle.

The smile at the corner of the zombie leader's mouth became even more ferocious when his tentacle finally hit something. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Bang!

However, the fierce expression on the face of the zombie leader suddenly changed when after receiving a powerful blow from him the body of the beautiful silver-haired woman exploded and turned into countless small flashes of blue electricity before disappearing without a trace.

The zombie leader quickly realized that he had been tricked and even though he didn't believe in any way that this human woman could hurt him he didn't dare to try to take the risk, therefore, he hurriedly stepped aside. This time, the zombie leader would really leave with no intention of playing any more games!

However, 20 meters ahead, the zombie leader's surprised gaze met with two beautiful blue eyes that now glowed with a strange radiance that was clearly unnatural.

Such a beautiful gaze. Who wouldn't be willing to die to protect those lovely eyes? Not to mention that face that despite being masked by a fog of frozen emotions actually seemed to hide as much fire and energy as that of a burning volcano. Nasty thoughts of all kinds clouded the senses of the zombie leader, but before his mind was further affected, the creature realized that he had fallen under the effect of some kind of mind control skill.

Once the zombie leader realized this fact and not even a second after he fell under the spell of Shangguan Bing Xue's gaze even though several seconds seemed to have passed inside his mind, the creature managed to shake off her Charming Eyes skill.

However, when the zombie leader came back to himself, the first thing he saw was that same woman now less than 10 meters ahead slashing with her sword towards him.

"Blizzard!" Shangguan Bing Xue said in a clear voice tinged with a tinge of apprehension.

From such a close distance, the zombie leader could easily extend one of his tentacles, and considering the difference in power between the two sides, Shangguan Bing Xue knew perfectly well that she would not be able to evade being hit; she would be lucky if her body did not receive serious wounds but she would definitely become a zombie.

It was just that she had no choice. If she didn't take risks, the zombie leader would escape.

Just like Bai Zemin always said, to win one needed to take risks. If one wasn't willing to risk one's life in a big way, then one couldn't expect to become big.

Swooooooosh!

A dense cloud of frost surrounded by thin crystalline ice particles erupted from the magic circles around Shangguan Bing Xue's sword. Accompanying the horizontal slash of her sword, the dense frost fog exploded powerfully forward and in less than a split of a second closed the ten meters separating the zombie leader from her.

While the Agility and reaction speed of the zombie leader were praiseworthy, it was naturally an impossible fact for him to move even faster than an attack that not only caught him off guard but also covered such a large area and advanced towards him from such a close distance.

Using Charming Eyes to contain the zombie leader as much as possible, Shangguan Bing Xue took full advantage of that split second when the creature had been stopped and activated Blizzard.

The dense frost fog extended over 900 meters along the bridge and in addition to covering its entire width also partially froze part of the sea 200 meters below as proof of how low the temperatures were.

The dense frost fog was soon swept away by the strong winds, exposing the body of the zombie leader.

The zombie leader had naturally not died, it was impossible for Shangguan Bing Xue to claim the zombie leader's life with her current strength, let alone with a mass control skill whose power was dispersed. However, despite not being dead, the zombie leader's body was covered by a faint layer of ice that not only caused the blood in his body to circulate slower but also caused his limbs to become a little stiff.

With the zombie leader's movement speed dropping by more than 30% during the first seconds, Shangguan Bing Xue quickly backed off as blue lightning crackled around her body and illuminated the surrounding area.

Moreover, her bold move and bravery was not wasted at all.

Roar!!!

A giant beast over 20 meters tall and at least 500 meters long covered the moonlight with an appearance similar to a true oriental dragon but at the same time different as a series of tentacles covered part of its body, appeared in the seas. The waters shook as the beast let out a thunderous roar that sent zombies, beasts, and sea creatures alike flying off the bridge.

The beast was so large that even Shangguan Bing Xue felt a little intimidated under its grotesque appearance. However, it was clear that the beast was at least a temporary ally as upon closer inspection she noticed that the dragon-like creature was made of pure water.

"Leviathan!"

Xian Mei'er's voice broke through the middle of the night and with her face so pale beyond normal she pointed forward as she commanded in a cold voice, "Restrain him!"

Roar!!!

The water leviathan roared again and with its large size managed to stop the zombie leader's charge.

This was the most powerful active skill of Xian Mei'er and she had to pay a great price to form it. However, with the power of a peak Second Order existence, Leviathan would definitely be able to buy some time.

Booom!!!

Boom!!!!

Booooom!!!

...

The zombie leader's fists were like nuclear bombs, each blow destroyed part of Leviathan's body and he was slowly able to continue his advance in a southerly direction.

However, the monster called by the mermaid princess proved that while it could not compare to the zombie leader in most respects, its tenacity and vitality were especially high as it consumed huge amounts of water and slowly regenerated its lost parts.

After destroying the leviathan's tentacles, the zombie leader was ready to break the lockdown. However, the effect of Blizzard was still present and this ended up taking its toll on him when he least expected it.

BOOM!!!

The bridge suddenly shook and a large rock almost 100 meters wide under Shangguan Bing Xue's shocked eyes flew into the sky. Her beautiful eyes reflected as the rock rose over 2000 meters in an instant and her heart tightened as she felt the bridge below her crumbling as if it was about to fall.

If the bridge collapsed now then none of this would make any sense! All of Bai Zemin's plans would go down the drain and all the work he had put in over the past few days would go to waste!

"Freeze!!!" Shangguan Bing Xue shouted in a high-pitched voice, the dread in her voice was more than clear.

The mana burst outwards and without bothering to delicately control her skill, she simply took advantage of the huge wave of water that had risen to freeze the bottom section in such a way that the bridge was temporarily safe.

The mermaid princess did not seem to care at all about Shangguan Bing Xue's troubles. Her deep blue eyes looked up into the night sky and in her pupils reflected the large rock that had been sent flying by her Leviathan's surprise attack.

The sea princess only cared about containing the zombie leader, but little did she expect that under the partial loss of a significant part of his mobility after being affected by that beautiful human woman's frost skill, she would be presented with such a golden opportunity.

With the zombie leader completely losing his Agility in the sky, the odds that Xian Mei'er could suddenly kill him had shot skyward.

Therefore, as the sea princess sent a command to Leviathan and watched the silhouette flying uncontrollably into the sky with shining eyes, her body shuddered at the possibility of taking the life of a Third Order existence.

In the sky, the zombie leader had been sent flying, and with his feet far from the ground, it was difficult for him to control the direction he was moving.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!....

The sound of bangs coming from the distance became clearer and clearer in the zombie leader's head even though the strong winds at an altitude of over 1000 meters made it difficult to hear anything distinctly. Then, his eyes twitched as a silhouette appeared 1000 meters below his body like a ghost followed by two huge waves opening up in a straight line for over 2000 meters.

The silhouette that had appeared just below the zombie leader was precisely Bai Zemin.

His body flashed and when he saw the situation on the bridge his heart went cold. Taking advantage of the sliding momentum caused by his high movement speed, Bai Zemin planted his feet in the water and while moving without a surfboard he stomped hard and shot into the sky like a rocket.

Boom!

An explosion followed by a huge wave of water surged up, covering the spot where Bai Zemin had been a moment ago.

It only took a split second for him to reach the zombie leader's height.

"Human!!!" The zombie leader roared in anger, and with fear mixed amidst all his rage, he slammed his hardened tentacle downward.

Bai Zemin extended both hands towards his waist as if he was unsheathing a sword and the purple storage ring on his finger let out a faint glow. In the next instant, a giant sword that was almost as tall as Bai Zemin himself appeared between the grasp of his two hands.

As if time had slowed down, the zombie leader's red pupils reflected the appearance of the greatsword and his eyes trembled fiercely as he realized that this greatsword was the weapon that had appeared in the human's hands momentarily when the beast leader had managed to imprison him with his wind magic skill.

Remembering what happened when the human in front of him struck with that weapon, the zombie leader roared downward as he used every ounce of strength he had in his body to power up his attack.

The surrounding air exploded noisily and the wind seemed to be cut into two halves as the zombie leader's tentacle passed by.

Bai Zemin also let out his own war cry and with his eyes bloodshot after not having rested for more than 2 days and after having taken the lives of so many living beings, he fiercely swung his greatsword from below upwards.

This was the final confrontation that closed the curtain on the first great war fought by four different races under two alliances.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3