Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Shangguan Bing Xue always felt that the relationship between Bai Zemin and 'Lili' was too strange; even the way the two of them met was too weird, to begin with.

Not long after escaping from the university campus, Bai Zemin claimed to have found 'Lili' locked in the storage of the first big hotel they used as a temporary base before attacking the camp led by the "Four Big Bosses"; a camp which would later be conquered under the absolute power of Bai Zemin and with the help of Zhong De, taking the name of Beginning Village immediately thereafter.

At that time, neither Shangguan Bing Xue nor anyone else gave too much importance to this woman who had come out of nowhere. Even if Bai Zemin had strangely decided to make her his right hand and even gave her so much importance as to ask for her opinion before taking an action, he was not particularly close to anyone except Fu Xuefeng, Kang Lan, Cai Jingyi, and Zhong De so he did not draw too much attention to them.

But as time went on, things changed and as Shangguan Bing Xue and the others began to get to know the personality of Bai Zemin better, the flaws in the then casual explanation he had given and the inconsistencies began to become too obvious to go unnoticed.

There were many theories regarding Lili and Bai Zemin that went back and forth between the army of modern weaponry and the army of soul evolvers.

Some said that Lili was actually a woman whom Bai Zemin had loved since even before the apocalypse and that the reason he chose to move specifically in that direction was to find her, others said that Lili was actually a seductive woman with amazing abilities in bed who had charmed the Leader, while others thought that Bai Zemin and she had fallen in love at first sight but had yet to make anything concrete so they simply did not say anything to the masses.

However, since that was the private life of Bai Zemin, no one dared to go and question it. Even Shangguan Bing Xue, despite her curiosity, did not think it would be proper to interfere too much in the business of other people's hearts.

"But... Who are you?" Shangguan Bing Xue looked at Lilith with surprise in her bright eyes: "Even for me being a woman, it's hard for me to take my eyes off you despite being completely straight. That's definitely not normal."

"Oh? You're completely straight?" Lilith suddenly smiled like a cute little fox. As if she had been waiting for this opportunity, she looked at Shangguan Bing Xue with narrowed eyes and slowly said, "How can you be so sure of that? Are you sexually attracted to any man? Maybe you secretly gaze at males? Or could it be... That you are actually in love with a man?"

The expression on Shangguan Bing Xue's face changed slightly for a brief moment before her characteristic indifferent expression returned to her face. She looked at Lilith coldly and snorted, "That's none of your business, right?"

"Hehe..." Lilith chuckled before doing something that surprised Shangguan Bing Xue.

Lilith turned around and walked around Bai Zemin. Then, she slowly knelt on the ground and bent her body so that her face aligned perfectly with Bai Zemin's face. Lilith's eyes automatically became soft as she stared at his face, her inky black hair fell delicately to the side and partially covered part of her lovely face.

"What are you doing?!" Shangguan Bing Xue subconsciously took a step forward and reached out a hand to cling tightly to Lilith's shoulder.

If Lilith was not a powerful existence, her shoulder definitely could have been dislocated and her bones converted into dust because Shangguan Bing Xue did not hesitate to use every point of her Strength stat in an instinctive attempt to stop her.

"Mm?" Lilith did not move or change her position. She simply glanced sideways at Shangguan Bing Xue and said as if it was natural, "Of course, I'm going to kiss the man I like. Any problem?"

"What..." Shangguan Bing Xue's eyes widened slightly as a flash of astonishment shone in them. She looked at Lilith in disbelief and said in a low voice, "You.... You are a shameless woman."

"Shameless? What would I have to be ashamed of? You mean that admitting my feelings openly is wrong? Should I then hide them or lie to myself and deny them?" Lilith shook her head while muttering those words not only to the beautiful silver-haired woman who was looking at her in increasing shock but also to herself.

The words of Lilith were really a great shock to Shangguan Bing Xue. She, who had been focused solely on surviving another day and helping Bai Zemin to open a safe path in the southern direction for the sake of finding her mother, had inadvertently been negating or postponing things that should not be ignored.

However, Shangguan Bing Xue had always been alone. Over the years, while there were countless men of all kinds of ethnicities and with great backgrounds that tried to woo her, Shangguan Bing Xue disdained those feelings because to her all anyone looked at was her exterior but no one ever bothered to try to look beyond what the eyes could see. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Things like love or any other close feelings were not only too distant for Shangguan Bing Xue but because of the things she had seen and heard throughout her life made her doubt the existence of such emotions.

However, she was not naive enough to deny certain things. For example, Bai Zemin was her friend but so was Chen He; the latter even during so many years that Bai Zemin had no way to compare with his two months since he and Shangguan Bing Xue met.

But even then, Shangguan Bing Xue felt that Bai Zemin's importance in her heart was above Chen He's importance to her. It was strange, but it was also proof that it was not time that empowered the importance of a person to another but the lived experiences and similarities between the two sides were.

Regardless of everything, Shangguan Bing Xue never and not even for a second considered herself to be in love with Bai Zemin. Much less considering that Wu Yijun, her best friend and almost a sister to her, was head over heels in love with him.

But now, with the words of Lilith still hanging in the air, Shangguan Bing Xue couldn't help but think that perhaps she did feel slightly attracted to him; not love, just attraction of some sort. If this was true, then many of the unusual behaviors she had been having lately would have an explanation.

For example, two days ago, when that strange phenomenon darkened the skies over China and possibly the entire world, just before Bai Zemin speculated about the possible evolution of the Earth, Shangguan Bing Xue could still remember how disturbed she felt when he caressed Wu Yijun's hair and looked at her with kind eyes.

Jealousy? When such a word popped into her head, Shangguan Bing Xue was startled and her face turned sickly pale.

Was she jealous that Bai Zemin was affectionate with Wu Yijun? No, no, no... Such a thing made no sense. Shangguan Bing Xue denied such a thing. She refused to believe that she wouldn't want to see her good sister happy even if she was beaten to death right here.

But then, what was going on here? Was what she felt for Bai Zemin sexual attraction? Shangguan Bing Xue was not so sure; she had never been physically attracted to any man or woman so she did not know what such a feeling was like.

While Shangguan Bing Xue was having existential problems and for the first time trying to understand her own heart, Lilith was also having her own existential problems.

She watched from above carefully at the face of the man less than ten centimeters below; every detail of his face was reflected in her pupils almost as red as blood itself. With dreamy eyes like those of a hypnotized woman, Lilith slowly closed the distance between them.

Her black hair was so long that much of it trailed across the floor like a velvet carpet but Lilith didn't seem bothered at all and instead all of herself was focused on the human partially under her curvy body.

She looked at Bai Zemin's tightly closed lips, and her own lips as red as a flame, opened slightly.

Bai Zemin immediately became awakened as an incredibly exquisite and seductive scent enveloped every fiber of his being. Even without him opening his eyes, the scent of fresh roses that belonged exclusively to Lilith embraced him in such a way that it was impossible for him not to know to whom the breath that slowly awakened his masculine side and threatened to turn him into a beast belonged.

The scent emanating from Lilith's fleshy half-open lips with each labored breath was a seductive mix between the softness and delicacy of the vanillin that evoked purity and the provocative and sexy notes of jasmine.

Em? jasmine? Bai Zemin unconsciously thought in another woman that was not Lilith when that fragrance reached him and without him realizing it, his eyelashes moved.

The movement in his eyelashes had been so fleeting and slight that even the most observant person of all would have difficulty noticing it since Bai Zemin immediately controlled his facial expression before it completely broke and revealed that he had already regained consciousness. However, from a distance of now less than five centimeters and under Lilith's heated eyes, that small movement did not manage to sneak out unnoticed.

As if awakening from some sort of dream or trance that was slowly sinking her deeper into a world far away from reality where worries did not exist and one could stay true to one's feelings without having to fear repercussions, Lilith blinked in surprise and her movements stopped dead in their tracks when she noticed the subtle movement in the expression of the man who a split second ago was the only existence in her world.

The first thing Lilith felt was shock and disbelief. She didn't really understand what had just happened but for some reason she felt such a strong attraction to Bai Zemin that it seemed to draw her soul to him. It was as if his soul was trying to devour hers in a good way, as if it wanted to wrap itself around her whole existence; something Lilith's soul didn't seem to refuse.

However, what made Lilith afraid was that she was still in her natural form. Even if she was willingly suppressing her own natural charm, for a moment she forgot to restrain herself and almost kissed Bai Zemin with 100% of her charm flowing towards her lips. If such a thing happened, regardless of how strong Bai Zemin was, he would probably end up turning into an unwilling toy since he is just a First Order existence!

Lilith took a deep breath, slowly calming down. She had lost her composure trying to make Shangguan Bing Xue become aware of what she did or did not feel. However, now that she had recovered, a brilliant idea popped into her head and the more she thought about it the deeper it took root.

She wanted to see what would come of this but she was sure it would be good for the future.

Repressing her natural charm to the limit she believed Bai Zemin was capable of bearing and with a teasing smile on her face, Lilith slowly leaned closer and closer; slowly until her lips barely rubbed Bai Zemin's mouth playfully as tantalizingly as feeling a woman's delicate fingers caressing a man's bare skin.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3