Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

As soft as the world's finest silk to the touch; this was the only way Bai Zemin could describe Lilith's lips.

Even though it was only a friction so small that if he wasn't paying attention it would pass unnoticed and so swift that it was less than a thousandth of a second, the difference between nothing and everything was too much to go unnoticed.

Bai Zemin had to fight with everything he had not to purse his lips in an attempt to feel more of that delicious mouth that drew away even faster than it came.

He thought his decisiveness and mental stronghold were firm enough to withstand everything, but for the first time since the apocalypse began, he realized how weak a man was when it came to a woman; not to mention a woman so beautiful that every other woman on Earth paled to the point of being unworthy of mention.

But in fact, what Bai Zemin did not know since he had no way of comparing himself to another man was that for him to manage to resist the temptation of Lilith even though she was suppressing her own charm could already be considered an amazing feat. It was highly likely that any other man on Earth, regardless of whether he was a man experienced with women or not, would immediately become a puppet that Lilith could easily play with and give orders to at will.

Just as Bai Zemin's heart was swaying between relief that those rich lips were moving away from his so that he could keep his sanity and between disappointment after the loss of that blissful feeling and sensation smooth as silk but hot as fire, another change occurred as he struggled to keep his eyes closed to avoid being discovered without knowing that he had actually already been discovered.

"Stop!"

"Huh?"

Lilith didn't even have time to do or say too much when two hands gripped her shoulders tightly and pulled her body back.

Although she could have easily resisted the tug that forced her body up and away from the body of Bai Zemin, Lilith did not struggle at all and let Shangguan Bing Xue take her away as she wished.

Slowly, Lilith was "forced" to her feet by Shangguan Bing Xue.

The two women looked into each other's eyes and after a moment of silence Lilith casually said:

"Why are you interrupting?"

Shangguan Bing Xue's chest was rising and falling. Her face was slightly red and her blue eyes flashed with fury like that of a lioness whose little puppy was touched while looking at Lilith as if she wanted to jump on her and eat her entirely.

Shangguan Bing Xue pointed her index finger at Lilith and said loudly, "Shameless woman! How can you steal a kiss from him when he is passed out? Don't you have the slightest respect for his will?!"

"..." Lilith blinked and could barely restrain the urge to laugh. She kept her composure and said confidently, "Don't worry about it. I'm sure Bai Zemin wants to kiss me too."

"Nonsense!" Shangguan Bing Xue cried out again in an agitated shout. Her eyes widened as anger grew and grew inside her like a volcano that could not be restrained and was about to erupt. "You think just because you say one thing I'll believe you? There is no way someone enjoys being physically abused while inside he struggles to recover from the mental exhaustion after fighting without sleep for days!"

'But he's already awake so he was definitely expecting it.' Lilith whispered in her heart as she looked at Shangguan Bing Xue with mocking eyes. After a moment of silence, she said in a serious voice, "You really worry about nothing.... Bai Zemin has shared a bed with me on more than one occasion. Seeing him naked is nothing new to me, from the tips of his toes to the last hair on his head, there is no part of him I haven't already seen. Do you think a little kiss means anything at this stage of the game?"

Shangguan Bing Xue's body trembled and the more she listened the tighter she clenched her fists until it reached a point where her small hands turned completely white as a result of poor blood circulation.

Shangguan Bing Xue's hair was slightly disheveled at this point due to the strong warm winds. Her blue eyes disappeared from Lilith's line of sight as her lips moved softly and murmured words in a voice as low as the sound viruses make when moving:

"...ll you..."

"Mm? Did you say something?" Lilith looked at her puzzled. However, she clearly knew what Shangguan Bing Xue was going to say.

Without waiting for the silver-haired beauty to continue, Lilith suddenly seemed to remember something important as she exclaimed, "Oh! I almost forgot that night when he smacked my butt so hard that he left the mark of his big hand on it as proof of his possessiveness!"

Lilith closed her eyes and folded her arms, asserting her huge bosoms even more as she shook her head and said dramatically, "Let me tell you, that night was really-"

"Bitch! I will kill you!"

Lilith didn't even have enough time to finish with her performance when what she was looking for to happen finally happened.

Shangguan Bing Xue was nothing like the cold and indifferent woman who could always keep her cool and think things through with optimal rationality. If someone from the base were to see her current behavior, they would undoubtedly receive such a great shock that a heart attack was not too distant a fantasy.

Like an enraged cat, she leaped towards Lilith and threw her to the ground. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

"What the hell?" Lilith was dumbfounded as she avoided hurting the woman who seemed to have gone mad. "Get off of me, are you crazy?!"

"I'll kill you!"

"I told you to get off!"

"You're a sneaky cat!"

"What did you say?!"

"You sneaky cat! That's what you are!"

"Brat, Bai Zemin is no one's man! Besides, I already told you he's my future husband!"

"Your future husband? Who would want to marry a perverted dirty bitch like you?!"

"You!"

"You dirty bitch!"

"Since when does lifelong educated Shangguan Bing Xue curse and say such words with complete naturalness? Who the hell are you?"

"What nonsense have you been mumbling for a while now? Stop comparing me to some unknown person and die at once, you perverted bitch!"

"You keep calling me perverted bitch but aren't you the perverted little bitch?! With that naughty mouth of yours that keeps spitting out curses you sure can cry naughty things in bed too!"

"... You're so dead!"

...

As he lay on the ground with his eyes closed, Bai Zemin began to sweat bullets and not from the pain coming from his soul but from what his sense of hearing managed to pick up from the world around him.

My God!

Bai Zemin almost fainted at the sound of two people rolling on the ground.

What the hell was going on here?! He wanted to stand up and scream but didn't dare at all!

Besides, what about Shangguan Bing Xue? Leaving aside the fact whether what Lilith said was true or not, wasn't she being too obvious? Even someone who considered himself inexperienced in the field of love like Bai Zemin noticed the jealousy in her!

No, no... More than anything, just as Lilith said, what was with Shangguan Bing Xue and her constant dirty mouth? This Shangguan Bing Xue really was like a perverted little wild cat!

No, no, no... More importantly...

Lilith and Shangguan Bing Xue had met?! For the love of heavens! What happened while he was passed out?!

Before he fell unconscious, all Bai Zemin could remember was that after meeting Lilith again after being away for over a month, all the nerves in his body relaxed and the exhaustion that was waiting in a corner to assault him unawares finally jumped out and hit him so hard that he was knocked out with a single attack.

But he was sure that no more than a few minutes had passed since he passed out of consciousness.... How did so much happen in such a short time!

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!....

Suddenly, Bai Zemin began to hear bangs and the next moment explosions of mana and magic power began to rumble all over the place.

"Stop attacking, you perverted little bitch!"

"You better stop defending yourself so I can kill you, slut!"

...

"..." Bai Zemin was sweating more and more.

At this point, even if his body was in the middle of a deadly battlefield, he didn't dare to open his eyes.

"Bai Zemin, how much longer are you going to pretend to be sleeping?! This little bitch friend of yours is trying my patience!" Lilith looked in Bai Zemin's direction as she continued to block Shangguan Bing Xue's sword.

"What?!" Hearing Lilith's words, Shangguan Bing Xue stopped her fierce attacks and looked in Bai Zemin's direction with wide eyes. However, seeing that he remained immobile, she glared at Lilith again in fury and pointed her sword while saying, "Vixen! You dare to deceive me?"

Then, she dashed forward and continued attacking. She did not activate ice magic as she knew it would be a waste of Mana so she could only rely on her physical stats and sword proficiency for this.

"Vixen? Now I'll show you how a real vixen behaves then!" Lilith gritted her teeth and with a move that Shangguan Bing Xue couldn't manage to see she disappeared from her previous position reappearing right behind her.

Then, as Bai Zemin held his breath, he heard a familiar yet unfamiliar sound. But if the sound alone was not enough, then the sharp cry that followed definitely confirmed it.

Pa!

"Ah! Slut! How dare you smack me in the ass?!"

"Hehehe... Now do you know what's good for you, you perverted little bitch?"

"Lilith, I shall kill you!"

"Hehehehe... Your ass is really tight and big but still tender~"

"Oh, your breasts are way bigger than they look under your clothes!"

"Argh! How can you break through my armor?! Stop acting like a cheap whore and fight with me!"

...

The sounds became wilder and wilder as did the "conversation" between the two women who seemed to have lost their sanity during that brief but seemingly eternal moment.

Lilith seemed to become more and more daring with each passing second as her naughty giggles continued to sound non-stop along with mocking words accompanied by even more perverted and naughty hand movements.

On the other hand, Shangguan Bing Xue was becoming more and more loose with her vocabulary. For every spanking she received from Lilith without being able to hit back or for every time her breasts were squeezed by her without being able to resist it, the dirty words coming out of her mouth grew as if a new dictionary was born in her brain out of nowhere.

Bai Zemin really couldn't help but think about what Lilith said earlier.... With that dirty vocabulary of hers, wouldn't Shangguan Bing Xue really be wild in bed despite her outward cold semblance?

Blood Manipulation, Blood Manipulation.... Bai Zemin activated his most reliable skill to prevent a certain part of his body from soaring skyward as his imagination went wild when an excessively seductive image appeared in his mind.

Fortunately, even though the two women were at each other's throats, Bai Zemin could tell with his eyes closed that somehow the two were getting to know each other better by doing whatever it was they were doing.

'Welp, I'd better stay quietly here until this is all over' Bai Zemin giggled like a little devil secretly.

As the two women got to know each other better and childishly bickered between them, he could enjoy the tantalizing sounds coming from Lilith's spanks on Shangguan Bing Xue and the resulting seductive scream-moans on the part of the ice princess!

However, in the heat of the moment, Bai Zemin overlooked one thing.... And that was that by activating Mana Manipulation, the fluctuation of mana would not go unnoticed by a monster like Shangguan Bing Xue who was adapting to mana even faster than him.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3