Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Indeed. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

While Bai Zemin was secretly laughing to himself like a little devil and hoping for more fun from the naughty playfulness of the two women in the distance, his body suddenly shivered on its own as a kind of reflex reaction to the sudden drop in temperature.

Bai Zemin's brain worked overtime at lightning speed and he quickly realized what his mistake had been..... His dong had betrayed him!

You really can't trust anyone in this world, let alone something with another head! Bai Zemin wanted to cry but he had no tears.

He hurriedly opened his eyes and was about to get out of the approaching ice hell but suddenly realized that his legs were still so weak that he could barely move them! As he looked to his right, his black eyes met eyes that while blue as the sky inside seemed to have a volcanic flame as they stared at him.

It was clear that Shangguan Bing Xue was not only pissed off but in her strange state where she looked like a completely different woman than the woman Bai Zemin knew, she didn't even care who she attacked for the sake of releasing her frustration.

"Bing Xue? Wait a second-" Bai Zemin suddenly felt a chill as he saw Shangguan Bing Xue point her sword at him and before he could finish his words a magic explosion sent a dense mist of frost flying in his direction.

Women really were creatures that could go from 0 to 100 in an instant!

Just when Bai Zemin was feeling aggrieved about something that really wasn't his fault, the little pink dolphin that was lying on his chest gave a little jump and when her face was pointed towards the approaching mist of frost she opened her little mouth wide open.

Swooooosh!!!

A whirlwind of fierce wind shot out from the mouth of the little Xiao Xiao that flew in a straight line towards the mist of frost. The wind was strong enough to stop the mist of frost but it did not have enough power to disperse the magic skill cast by such a powerful existence as Shangguan Bing Xue.

Even so, the whirlwind was enough to create a wall of wind that gradually froze, thus preventing the frost from continuing its path towards Bai Zemin.

Once the whirlwind and the mist of frost cancelled each other out, Shangguan Bing Xue looked at the little pink dolphin resting on Bai Zemin's body that was looking at her with the eyes of a mother looking at a child who had misbehaved. Shangguan Bing was not sure whether to laugh or cry.

"Little bastard, you hide behind an animal?" Shangguan Bing Xue gritted her teeth and looked at Bai Zemin with a face as red as a ripe apple.

She was clearly hiding the shame she felt by acting angry.... But what else could she do? It wasn't like Shangguan Bing Xue could just turn and run away or much less get into a fight with the little pink dolphin who was super cute!

Bai Zemin looked at Shangguan Bing Xue a little wordlessly. He slowly stood up with unsteady steps as he caressed the soft body of the little pink dolphin in his embrace as a show of thanks, to which the little creature responded by squirming comfortably and closing her eyes again.

"Hello, Bing Xue? Why are you so angry?" Bai Zemin said as he looked at Lilith with furious eyes, clearly blaming her for all this.

Shangguan Bing Xue didn't even have time to say anything when Lilith responded to Bai Zemin's gaze with a giggle, "She's angry because I said that you are my future husband~"

"This vixen is really courting death..." Shangguan Bing Xue glared at Lilith angrily and whispered through gritted teeth.

"Mm? Did you say something, little bitch?" Lilith looked at Shangguan Bing Xue and made a smacking gesture with her right hand. "Does your backside itch? Do you want this big sister to make your beautiful milk-white skin as red as a tomato? You can fool others but you can't fool me. I know you like it!"

"You!"

"All right, all right! You two stop!"

Bai Zemin hurriedly stepped forward to mediate.

Although he wouldn't mind seeing how the words of Lilith came true and was even willing to pay a fortune for the sake of getting a ticket to the show in the front of the stage, the truth was that he couldn't say such a thing out loud, let alone stand aside as his intention would be exposed right away.

"Bing Xue, don't listen to what Lilith says. She's always like that, she likes to joke around a lot." He said trying to appease the white lioness. Then, he looked at the little black fox and sighed, "I say, Lilith.... You really made a noisy entrance just getting back."

"Worthy of a diva like me, don't you think?" Lilith smiled sweetly and shook her long black hair as if flaunting her beauty.

Bai Zemin rolled his eyes and even the little pink dolphin in his embrace let out a low sound as if she was laughing at what she had just heard.

"Bai Zemin, who is this..." Shangguan Bing Xue stopped as she was about to say something. She took several deep breaths before looking at Lilith coldly and continuing, "Who is this lady? You don't need to hide it, I know she is the real Lili and her real name is Lilith."

"Why are you so cold with me after all we've been doing together?" Lilith looked like she was about to burst into tears as she looked at Shangguan Bing Xue with sad and disappointed eyes, "Even after my hands ran over every inch of your skin you still act as if we never know each other? How cruel you can be!"

The words of Lilith, instead of making Shangguan Bing Xue angrier, actually served to calm her down. She shook her head and looked at Lilith now calmer as she slowly said, "Now I understand why Bai Zemin said what he said just now. You really don't know the meaning of the word shame."

Bai Zemin sighed and after looking at Lilith for a moment as if telling her to stop playing games he turned his gaze back to Shangguan Bing Xue. Slowly, he began to explain, "As you may know by now, her name is Lilith and indeed she is the true form of Lili. Lili is just a fake character that the two of us came up with in order for her to be able to suppress even more of her natural charm."

Shangguan Bing Xue stared at Lilith for several seconds and was forced to admit that if the woman in front of her appeared in this form in front of all the faction members it was likely that unforeseen things would happen. After all, even Shangguan Bing Xue herself had difficulty averting her eyes from her body the more she looked at her let alone another woman with less natural pride and less mental strength... let alone men.

"Then, how do you know her?" Shangguan Bing Xue looked at Bai Zemin. As she asked this question, she couldn't help but frown slightly, "Come to think of it, a while back you said that even though you didn't have a girlfriend you actually had a long-term contract with someone. Some time later, that night in the mutant forest when I told you about my past and you told me about yours, you said that I was the second person you had a long-term contract with. Could you explain about that too?"

The eyes of Lilith flashed peculiarly as she looked at Shangguan Bing Xue with a faint undetectable smile at the corner of her lips. All the questions Shangguan Bing Xue had just asked were questions that aimed to find out about the relationship between Lilith and Bai Zemin, which meant that she was undoubtedly worried about it.

Otherwise, why would she ask that and not be more curious about the bestial strength of Lilith?

However, Bai Zemin was not only inexperienced in these matters but at the moment he was too busy trying to keep the two women in front of him from fighting anymore because while Lilith might be joking he wasn't sure if the next moment she would mistakenly end up slapping Shangguan Bing Xue to death; better safe than sorry.

After taking a moment to carefully think things over, Bai Zemin looked at Lilith and seeing that she didn't seem to disagree with letting Shangguan Bing Xue know the truth, he slowly explained:

"Lilith is an existence that I owe a lot to. Leaving aside my family, you could say that she is the living being I trust the most since she has been at my side since the first instant the apocalypse broke out on Earth right after the Soul Record displayed my status window in my retina for the first time."

"What? She's been there since the first instant?" Shangguan Bing Xue couldn't stop her voice from coming out to interrupt, "How is that possible?"

It was Lilith who answered this time. She looked at Shangguan Bing Xue and slowly explained, "It is possible since I am not a living being of this world."

Shangguan Bing Xue was taken aback, but as she looked at Bai Zemin and saw him nod slightly, she finally accepted the reality. She couldn't help but gasp in shock as she looked at Lilith with wide eyes.

"Let me introduce myself again but for real this time." Lilith smiled slightly and gave a slight graceful bow as her red eyes stared into the blue eyes of the woman less than two meters away, "My name is Lilith and my power scale is at the initial stage of the Sixth Order. My current race is succubus, a demon with passive and active charm magic strong enough to interfere with the thoughts and feelings of other living beings regardless of race or gender."

The little mouth of Shangguan Bing Xue opened slightly, barely exposing the upper tip of her pearly teeth. She looked at Lilith in shock with wide eyes and for a moment her brain went blank.

Succubus? Like the legends that circulated on Earth?

Demon? A demon like the one in the Christian religion?

Besides... Sixth Order? What level of power did someone on that scale represent? A single Fourth Order asura emperor was enough to force Bai Zemin to retreat and a Fourth Order ghost emperor had practically forced him to eternal damnation!

Didn't this mean that someone in the Sixth Order of power could easily crush all the reality she knew?

"I've been watching you for a long time, Shangguan Bing Xue." Lilith slowly straightened her posture and smiled faintly, "Previously, I thought I knew you well enough to not be surprised by anything. However, after joking around with you a bit today I realized that you're actually completely different from what I thought you were.... I guess that makes it more interesting after all."

This time it was Bai Zemin's turn to be surprised. However, after thinking about it for a moment, he understood.

It was natural for Lilith to be curious about Shangguan Bing Xue considering that the latter one was a existence bright enough to overshadow everyone if not for Bai Zemin's existence. Besides, at this rate Shangguan Bing Xue could become a Higher Existence as fast as Lilith did or even sooner; this alone was enough to draw anyone's attention.

Shangguan Bing Xue took a deep breath before letting all the air in her lungs be expelled. Then, she slowly nodded and looked at Bai Zemin, "All right, I understand. Please continue."

Bai Zemin nodded and continued calmly, "Lilith has been standing next to me supporting me and giving me basic but at the same time crucial information for people like us who were thrown into hell without any warning. Thanks to her I didn't waste even a second thinking about the skill scrolls, thanks to her I knew about the existence of the Soul Stones before too much time passed and left who knows how many behind due to lack of information, thanks to her I learned about the Soul Record, about the universe in general, about the future evolutions of our world, and many other things more."

Bai Zemin paused to look at Lilith and his eyes softened as he slowly continued, "To be honest, even though my stats were above average from the start and my Mana and Magic were monstrously high from second one, I doubt that my past self could have reached the level of power that my current self has as smoothly and quickly as I did if it wasn't for Lilith's help. She is a woman I respect and admire from the depths of my soul and to whom I owe so much that it is no exaggeration to say that my life alone could repay it."

Lilith looked at Bai Zemin with the same soft eyes he was using to look at her.

Every word he uttered, his tone of voice, the thankfulness that seemed to come from the deepest part of his heart.... All this made Lilith's heartstrings tug hard.

It was hard for a woman who was already interested in a man not to fall when that man looked at her with the eyes that Bai Zemin was using to look at Lilith.

The approximately 33-34 days that they were separated served to make Lilith realize that Bai Zemin was no longer an end to a means. During that time, she was forced to change many things she had long planned for the sake of adjusting to her new, slowly discovered heart.

However, when she saw him again today, she was forced to reaffirm even more those feelings she was slowly discovering. Although she could not say for sure that what she felt was love, Lilith was certain that she did not want the man in front of her to vanish from her life.

Undoubtedly, Lilith was sure that at this pace, sooner rather than later she would end up in love.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3