Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

"Eh? Sorry, I didn't hear you." Shangguan Bing Xue furrowed her eyebrows slightly and leaned forward a little closer.

She wasn't pretending that she hadn't heard anything, the problem was that she really hadn't heard! Because Bai Zemin had spoken in a tone of voice that was too low due to the pain that he was feeling and because Shangguan Bing Xue herself was experiencing mental exhaustion as a result of losing all her Mana all at once, it so happened that there was a blip in what one wanted to express and what the other was going to hear.

Bai Zemin looked at her for a moment before shaking his head and calmly saying, "It's nothing." Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

There was no need for him to say anything anyway. She probably already knew that too considering how smart she was.

"By the way, are you okay?" Shangguan Bing Xue did not continue with the previous matter and instead looked at the blood dripping from his hand and pointed.

"No need to worry, it's no big deal." Bai Zemin waved his hand and dealt with it as if it was nothing.

In fact, except for the pain that he felt coming from his blood vessels, as long as he was careful and didn't force his blood flow for a day or two he should be fine.

"I see." Shangguan Bing Xue nodded and didn't ask any more questions either.

"Hey, both of you!" Chen He walked up at that moment and looked at the two of them. "Are you both okay?"

Bai Zemin looked at him and seeing how his eyes lingered on Shangguan Bing Xue couldn't help but chuckle.

This person is quite obvious...

Although Chen He was asking the two of them, he was doing it out of politeness and the fact that they were all a team. But Bai Zemin could see that the handsome expert archer's real concern was the icy beauty dressed in white.

"Except for exhausting my Mana, there is no problem with me at all." Shangguan Bing Xue shook her head softly and couldn't help but look at the red blood on Bai Zemin's hand again with a frown.

"I am alright too." Bai Zemin gave the same reply and turned his attention away from them to look at Liang Peng, "Hey, big boy. Are you all right?"

Liang Peng, who was standing silently as if frozen, seemed to wake up at Bai Zemin's words. He looked at everyone before looking at Shangguan Bing Xue with a complex look.

In the end, the hammer man sighed and left without saying anything.

Apparently, the previous battle had been a big surprise to him, even more so considering how close he had come to dying and how helpless he had been in front of the evolved zombie.

The place remained silent as if each of the three were immersed in their own thoughts. Finally, after what seemed like an eternity of awkwardness, Chen He looked at Bai Zemin, who was casually standing there as if deliberating something and asked, "Bai Zemin, the giant beetle from before... Did you really defeat it single-handedly?"

"Yeah... Although it was harder back then. That beetle was stronger and the me from back then was weaker." Bai Zemin replied lightly without paying too much attention to him. He leaned against the wall and began to read the messages with green letters in his retina that no one but him could see.

Hearing his casual words, knowing that the giant elephant beetle was even more hideous than the decapitated zombie on the ground, and remembering Bai Zemin's deplorable condition three days ago, Chen He couldn't help but sigh as his eyes glittered with a hint of bitterness and jealousy.

Chen He had always been praised since he was young as an outstanding talent. It didn't matter if it was grades, sports, attitude, personality, appearance, status... Chen He basically had it all.

Before the Soul Record reached planet Earth, Chen He did not even know that there was a person named Bai Zemin in this world. But this was also natural, after all, the person named Bai Zemin was nothing special.

A third-year student who barely got the necessary grades to enter this university, from a middle-class family, an employee of an automobile workshop that also functioned as a blacksmith shop, and whose appearance was just average.

Bai Zemin also had no one close to him, while Chen He was always surrounded by all kinds of people like stars surrounding the moon.

The difference between the two was abysmal, as great as the distance between heaven and earth.

But what about now? After the Soul Record came to this world, Chen He realized that except for his appearance and his background that he still didn't know whether it continued in existence or not, Bai Zemin was overwhelmingly superior.

This was something he already knew but unconsciously ignored or did not want to accept. However, after today's fight against Qiao Long and after the final battle against the evolved zombie, Chen He finally accepted the reality.

This world really had changed and the past was just that, past.

Shangguan Bing Xue looked at her childhood friend, who looked bitter and sad but at the same time, a touch relieved, unsure of what he was thinking. In the end, she just said the first thing that came to her mind, "Chen He. That was a good shot."

He looked at her for several seconds, appreciating every inch of her face as if to burn every detail into his memory. Finally, he smiled and nodded, "It was."

With nothing more to say, Shangguan Bing Xue looked at Bai Zemin and frowned as she saw that he still seemed to ignore the surroundings completely... In fact, he seemed to have forgotten about the existence of the two of them as he currently seemed to be talking in a low voice to himself.

Had this person gone crazy? Shangguan Bing Xue couldn't help but let that thought flash through her mind before forcibly shaking it off.

In the end, she looked at the orbs beside the zombie corpse before turning her gaze towards him again, "Bai Zemin, are you really okay?"

"Uh?" Bai Zemin blinked and looked at the two people blankly.

He naturally hadn't gone crazy. It was just that he was currently having a small talk with Lilith about what to do next and was so secretly excited that he ended up forgetting about Shangguan Bing Xue and Chen He's existence; in fact, he had even forgotten about something very important as well!

Shangguan Bing Xue looked at him for a moment and at his confused face, she couldn't help but shook her head. In the end, she pointed to the ground and said in an indifferent voice, "What shall we do with these things? I mean the distribution."

Bai Zemin looked at the spot pointed out by Shangguan Bing Xue and seeing the glowing orbs lying on the ground almost felt like shouting out loud.

A Red Orb equivalent to a Normal grade Treasure, a Orange Orb equivalent to a Rare grade Treasure, and a Yellow Orb equivalent to a Magic grade Treasure.

Three orbs that contained treasures!