Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 552 - A Mystery That Would Last For A Long Time: Reincarnation & Pure Soul

The times that Bai Zemin had made Shangguan Bing Xue smile from the bottom of her heart during the last few weeks were not few, certainly, more than the times she had smiled unburdened counting many years from back to front. He had even made some comments or performed certain actions that had caused her to laugh out loud without caring at all about her image.

However, this was undoubtedly the first time Shangguan Bing Xue smiled and laughed out loud from the depths of her soul. The temptation was so great that she was not even able to stand firm and with staggering steps she moved from left to right as her laughter sounded like an angelic song in the middle of the sea.

"I can't hahahaha.... My stomach hurts! Hahahahaha!" Shangguan Bing Xue brought both hands to the abdominal area of her armor as she writhed between laughter and tears.

She did not look at all like a person worthy of the title of ice princess and looked more like a normal teenager or a young adult who had heard a good joke from a friend.

But how could she not laugh like this? Even if she died from laughing so much, at least she would die with a happy smile on her face and a beautiful picture as her last memory!

Lilith, that hateful woman, had been pestering her ever since she first appeared before her. Not only had she made comments that evoked her anger but she had even physically abused her; she had spanked her backside and even touched her bosoms! Any other living being would have found themselves cut into millions of tiny pieces by now!

However, Lilith was in a completely different league which was why Shangguan Bing Xue temporarily had to put up with it. She would punish her appropriately in the future.... For now, this backlash that hateful woman had just suffered would be enough to placate Shangguan Bing Xue's discomfort for a bit!

As Shangguan Bing Xue laughed out loud without a care in the world, Bai Zemin looked at Lilith not knowing how to react.

The Lilith that Bai Zemin had known as a proud, arrogant, confident, composed, playful, joking, and noble-looking existence, was nowhere to be seen.

Although her silky-smooth black dress seemed to be made of some special material as the water did not wet it and simply ran over the surface until it finally reached the ground, her inky-black hair was completely soaked and disheveled. Furthermore, her face and some of the visible white skin of her swan-like neck were so wet that not even a drop of water would fit there anymore.

"Th- This..." Bai Zemin reached a hand forward with the intention of touching her shoulder gently but after he considered it better he retracted his hand back.

Lilith still had her eyes closed and her mouth tightly sealed. She had not moved from that place for several seconds and her breathing seemed to have completely stagnated as the only movement around her were the drops of water sliding silently down her body and onto her dress.

Bai Zemin felt it best not to touch her right now, just in case.

Wouldn't it be a pity if she subconsciously or in a fit of rage slapped him to death? Therefore, Bai Zemin wisely stood there waiting for the moment of truth.

"... This is something I didn't expect." Lilith finally opened her mouth to speak.

Bai Zemin tensed as he watched her slowly opening her eyes. However, he calmed down when he did not notice anger or any negative emotion in her eyes and unconsciously let out a sigh of relief.

Lilith glanced at Shangguan Bing Xue sideways and seeing her practically twisting with laughter, said weakly, "Hey, little bitch. Haven't you laughed enough already?"

"Hahahaha!"

The response Lilith received was more and more laughter. Shangguan Bing Xue even looked at her and pointed her finger as she laughed carefree at the world around her.

Bai Zemin began to sweat bullets as he watched Shangguan Bing Xue behaving in this manner. Although she looked beautiful even as she laughed carelessly, he couldn't help but wonder if this woman wasn't afraid of death.

"Hmph! I'll see how you laugh when you hear tonight how Bai Zemin and I play in bed." Lilith coldly snorted as a wave of hot mana dried her body in an instant, returning her appearance to that of a few seconds ago as if what had actually happened was nothing more than an illusion.

Shangguan Bing Xue suddenly seemed to receive some kind of different stimulation as if some kind of drug had been injected into her body she immediately froze and the laughter she was letting out nonstop came to a spontaneous halt.

She looked at Lilith with indifferent eyes and a chill flashed across her gaze.

"Heh..." Lilith sneered and as if trying to show off herself she shook her hair with a hand as she looked at Shangguan Bing Xue like a queen looking at a commoner.

Seeing the short but fatal exchange between the two beauties, the corner of Bai Zemin's mouth twitched a couple of times as he thought on the inside that women were really strange creatures since even though Shangguan Bing Xue was angry he didn't really feel any malicious intent on her part towards Lilith.

Bai Zemin could not even sense anger in Lilith's words or in her tone of voice; only mockery and slight contempt.

Could it be that these two women were on the path of friendship? Such a question naturally popped into his mind.

Although it was strange how two women could become friends through words full of mockery and bone-chilling looks, Bai Zemin still remembered the wise words his dear father said to him just before Bai Zemin left for college.

"Don't try to understand a woman, just go with the flow. Just like fighting against the current, trying to understand a woman's train of thought will only drag you to the bottom when you get tired of trying."

Just as Bai Zemin was silently praising his father for enduring so many years of marriage without letting the smile disappear from his face for even an instant, Lilith looked in his direction.

"Lilith, forgive her. Xiao Xiao is just a baby dolphin after all." Bai Zemin noticed Lilith's red eyes focused on the little animal in his embrace so he immediately tried to explain while tightening his hug.

Considering that Lilith had just been attacked by Xiao Xiao, she could easily counterattack now without breaking the rules that bound her. However, Bai Zemin knew that Xiao Xiao had not actually attacked Lilith with the intention of hurting her at all and was only expressing her own dislike towards Lilith in the only way she knew how.

Instead of responding to Bai Zemin's words, Lilith looked him deep in the eyes and said in a slightly serious voice, "Bai Zemin, since this little animal seems to feel so at ease with you, then why don't you better keep her?"

As the three of them started the walk again, Bai Zemin looked at Lilith with surprise as he didn't believe that she would say such words just for the sake of saying.

"Did you find out something?" he asked in a low voice.

Shangguan Bing Xue also seemed more interested in this matter as apparently the fact that she had received a splash of cold water on her face might not be as simple as it seemed.

Lilith glanced sideways at the little pink dolphin who had gone back to sleep peacefully and without a care in the world. She turned her gaze forward and said calmly, "No, it's nothing. At least for now I can't say for sure. But, I think that little dolphin of yours might come in handy later.... Besides, having an aquatic mount won't be bad in the future, right?"

Bai Zemin didn't know whether to laugh or cry after hearing how Lilith already seemed to have taken it for granted that he would keep Xiao Xiao. Besides, when he imagined himself wearing full body armor and wielding a giant sword while riding on the back of a pink dolphin Bai Zemin almost fell to the ground.

"Forget it, Xiao Xiao is friends with the mermaid princess after all." Bai Zemin shook his head and sighed, "Regardless of how great she may be or what mysteries this little spirit dolphin hides, kidnapping an intelligent being and taking her away from her loved ones is something I can't do."

Although he had no qualms about slaughtering and was even willing to annihilate entire races for the sake of completing his goal, this only applied as long as everyone involved was an obstacle of some sort to his plans. Otherwise, Bai Zemin would definitely not stain his hands with blood.

As for kidnapping... Honestly, Bai Zemin felt that doing such a thing was not only beneath him but also believed that carrying out such an action would leave a stain on his soul that he would never be able to erase.

"Well, we'll see what fate has in store." Lilith shook her head and said nothing despite feeling that Bai Zemin was being stubborn for nothing.

Besides, if Lilith's thoughts were not wrong, the fact that the little pink dolphin in his arms still kept her eyes closed with a satisfied smile meant that what he was doing was the right thing to do.

Xian Mei'er didn't know, Xiao Xiao didn't know, Bai Zemin didn't know, Shangguan Bing Xue didn't know.... Probably no one on earth or in the seas of this world had any idea how strange Xiao Xiao's developmental path was.

If Lilith was not wrong, the little pink spirit dolphin was probably capable of subconsciously perceiving the souls of other existences. Lilith believed that Xiao Xiao had the ability to realize when a soul was pure as white snow with no imperfections and that it was probably because Bai Zemin possessed a pure spirit with no real evil intentions that she felt so comfortable and warm being with him.

Lilith looked at Bai Zemin out of the corner of her eye and a glint of surprise flashed in her eyes. It was hard for her to believe that a relatively advanced age like him, Bai Zemin actually had such a pure soul free of imperfections.

'In fact, he can't be the reincarnation of Sirius Heavenly Wolf in any way.' Lilith reasoned in her heart as she narrowed her eyes. A flicker of confusion flashed in those two beautiful gems-like eyes of hers as she silently thought: 'If Bai Zemin was a reincarnation, then his soul definitely shouldn't be so pure. It is practically impossible for a living being to maintain a pure soul after the first few years of life since as the years go past the world always runs us down in some way or another, let alone a living being who experienced more than one life.' Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

According to the little knowledge Lilith had about it, Sirius Heavenly Wolf was an existence that stopped at nothing for the sake of becoming stronger so despite having a small circle of very close friends his enemies were even more and even his friends were a bit wary of him.

Of course, these were all things that Lilith had heard since Sirius Heavenly Wolf was an existence that went too far back in time for her to know with certainty.

However, even if Sirius had been a saint during his previous life, Lilith did not believe that after living thousands, hundreds of thousands, and even millions of years, the Heavenly Wolf had been able to keep his soul and mind pure.

'But... In that case, what about the reaction of Sirius' constellation?' Lilith frowned slightly before shaking her head slightly and deciding that she would discuss the matter further with Bai Zemin when things settled down a bit more.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3