Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 554 - Transcendent Faction Colossal Strength Increase (Part 1)

Wu Yijun felt the softness of the little pink dolphin's body from the first instant her hands came in contact with little Xiao Xiao. The feeling transmitted from her hands was so delicate that she could not get enough of it.

However, instead of immediately starting to hug Xiao Xiao, Wu Yijun lifted her little body with both hands until Xiao Xiao's little head was aligned at the level of her head and carefully observed her closed eyes.

As if sensing something or perhaps noticing the change as she had done before, Xiao Xiao opened her eyes. However, unlike the previous times, this time her eyes opened gradually, slowly and little by little as she fought against the sleepiness that covered her senses almost completely.

"You seem to like to sleep a lot, don't you?" Wu Yijun said with a beautiful smile on her face as she watched the little pink dolphin's eyes take a while to focus on the reality before them. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Xiao Xiao blinked her big eyelids several times as her two pink eyes looked intently at the two black eyes that glittered like perfect gems inches away.

"Puu..." Xiao Xiao let out a low sound as she tilted her head in a cute manner, her gaze still fixed on Wu Yijun seemed to wander between two sides difficult to comprehend.

"Hehe... you even make cute sounds like that." Wu Yijun smiled sweetly and in a quick movement brought her lips to Xiao Xiao's forehead and planted a soft kiss there.

Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue watched in stupefaction as the little pink dolphin twitched slightly in Wu Yijun's arms. Neither of them seemed to be able to believe what they were seeing.

"This... Why isn't Xiao Xiao throwing cold water on Yijun like she did with me?" Shangguan Bing Xue couldn't help but ask in a slightly jealous voice.

"You ask me but who am I supposed to ask?" Bai Zemin forced a smile and shook his head as he watched the scene before him without understanding what the matter at hand was.

Wu Yijun chuckled but just then Xiao Xiao finally used some of her strength as a Second Order existence to free herself from her grasp and with extraordinary ability returned to Bai Zemin's arms. After being in his arms again, Xiao Xiao seemed to be feeling something for several seconds before finally nodding as if she was satisfied with that something and closed her eyes again with a warm expression on her little face.

Wu Yijun looked a little sad at the loss of that beautiful soft feeling, but after a second, she seemed to regain her mood to the max as with a beautiful smile she said enthusiastically, "Oh, good. At least I didn't get a splash of cold water on my head hehe..."

"You..." Shangguan Bing Xue looked at her best friend not knowing whether she should feel happy about her achievement or feel bad about it. She smiled bitterly and said in a clear voice, "Is it necessary to throw salt on others' deep wounds?"

"Hehehe..."

While Wu Yijun and Shangguan Bing Xue were chatting with each other, Bai Zemin followed them to the base. He caressed Xiao Xiao's body gently as he thought to himself, 'Tsk, Tsk, Tsk.... This daddy here is so charming that even dolphins can't escape from me.'

If Lilith were to know his thoughts she would probably roll her eyes at his ever-increasing narcissism. However, she was too busy staring at Wu Yijun's back, and judging by how distant her gaze seemed and how lost her eyes looked, it was clear that Lilith had too many things on her mind to think about and analyze to worry about small matters.

* * *

Bai Zemin couldn't care less if the world collapsed right now as he himself was about to collapse. Therefore, after saying a few words to Shangguan Bing Xue and Wu Yijun, he simply went to his room and fell asleep on the spot.

Bai Zemin was so mentally and physically tired that he did not even bother with the fact that he had not taken a shower in more than two days and so, as he was dressed, he plunged into the world of dreams as soon as his body touched the comfortable double bed.

He was not only suffering from exhaustion but the damage in his soul, similar to the tearing of a muscle as a result of forcing things too much, was so painful that even with his willpower it was not easy to maintain an indifferent expression and fight to the death against such powerful existences as the zombie leader and the beast leader had been.

Taking the opportunity, Lilith silently and carefully removed the top of Bai Zemin's leather armor. Considering that the armor was already quite battered, she assumed that he would soon be discarding it so she didn't worry too much about its care but mainly focused on not waking the charming prince from his dreams.

She didn't do anything perverted at all, unlike her constant sexual teasing towards Bai Zemin. On the contrary, her face was quite serious as she looked at his naked upper half.

Lilith reached both hands forward and felt his skin. Her soft hands ran over his firm chest and perfect abs that seemed to have been sculpted by the hand of the gods and after almost a full minute she finally stopped.

"This physical body is definitely insane for a First Order existence." Lilith whispered with wide eyes. "Now I understand why Lucifer fearlessly said that even he wasn't capable of facing beings as powerful as the beings that Bai Zemin killed as a First Order existence.... This little scoundrel's physique has reached a monstrous level even though he has been evolving for only a little over two months."

Over the years, the number of males Lilith had met were simply too many to count. Some of them had been slaughtered by her, others were simply passengers in her life, and a small minority were allies for some time before for various reasons each had no choice but to continue on different paths. However, she was 100% certain that no Third Order male she had ever met could compare to how perfect Bai Zemin's body was at this point.

When it came to physique, it didn't just have to refer to physical strength, speed, etc; there were other aspects such as the toughness of the skin that provided defense without affecting softness to the touch, there was the ability to withstand poison or corrosive type attacks more effectively, etc. A good physique could even negate or suppress status effects a lot faster than normal.

They were all small details that normally one would not pay attention to but with the fact that they were there at all times, when put together they formed a supremely terrifying existence; and Bai Zemin was quickly becoming one.

"I wonder what level of Stamina this little scoundrel has reached now..." Lilith whispered and inadvertently blushed slightly at the thought of naughty things.

Even she herself was starting to be truly affected by what were once nothing more than naughty jokes to lighten the heavy atmosphere around Bai Zemin. In fact, Lilith hadn't even realized when the nickname 'little scoundrel' had become characteristic of Bai Zemin to her.

To the surprise of Lilith and many others, Bai Zemin did not sleep but he SLEEP!

Even after three days had passed he still hadn't woken up at all and if it wasn't for the fact that his breathing was steady everyone might have thought that something bad had happened to him.

Fortunately, every time Shangguan Bing Xue came to visit him before the day was over, Lilith was there to reassure her and tell her that Bai Zemin's aura was slowly ascending.

"It seems that this brat suffered a small but at the same time quite deep wound in his soul." Lilith realized this fact 24 hours after Bai Zemin went into a state of deep sleep as she gradually noticed how his Soul Power was getting stronger, and considering that he couldn't absorb Soul Power as he was currently in the middle of his mission to break through to the next stage, it could only mean that his own Soul Power was recovering to its natural condition.

"But..." Lilith frowned as she looked at Bai Zemin with more and more perplexed eyes, "Why is his soul keeping him in a winter-like state to recover? In the past, I also suffered wounds in my soul but I never experienced something as strange as forced sleep..... You little scoundrel, what or who are you really...?"

Deep in a point of Bai Zemin's soul that was far from anyone's reach and vision, a small object released constant rays of black energy with crimson edges that covered the parts of his soul corresponding to the Stamina and Mana stats, thus recovering the tearing those parts had suffered during the excessive use of Overlap Regeneration.

The most noticeable change would be that now, the base had over 3000 new soul evolvers. Although these soul evolvers were only around level 7-8, they were steadily growing more and more. As if the aforementioned was not enough, the number of soul evolvers was increasing at monstrous speeds with dozens and sometimes as many as 100 or more joining with each passing day.

The more than 3000 soul evolvers who suddenly appeared in the ranks of humans fighting on the front lines with weapons forged by blacksmiths or treasures from the Soul Record were naturally those survivors who previously belonged to the lowest caste of the Baiquan Camp and grasped without hesitation the opportunity that the new government gave them.

These survivors, under the guidance of former military man Fu Qigang, quickly learned the basics and while undergoing strict military training to learn to respect and obey the rules to the letter as well as to react optimally in times of need, Zhong De and Nangong Yi took them hunting every day with virtually no time to rest.

In addition, the new flood of Unclassified Soul Stones made the wealth of the base so great that they would temporarily not have to worry in the short term. Therefore, in order to face the impending second evolution of Earth with a greater chance of success, about 300,000 Unclassified Soul Stones were invested.

300,000 Unclassified Soul Stones to divide among around 3700 soul evolvers meant that each soul evolver received approximately 80 Soul Stones. With that amount, everyone managed to raise practically all their active and passive skills to the maximum of the Unclassified stage at the very least and those who even started to evolve their skills to the First Order were by no means few in number.

Seeing how those survivors who were previously no different from vagabonds now lived in comfortable houses and received generous payments depending on their achievements, thus gaining the admiration of countless beautiful ladies, the number of hot-blooded men who enlisted to become soul evolvers naturally skyrocketed and there were even more than 1000 soldiers who it was rumored would soon join the ranks of the Blood Spear Legion that was directly under the leadership of the King of Yanqing.

No one knew who started it nor did anyone know at what point it happened, however, before Shangguan Bing Xue or anyone else noticed, the title of King of Yanqing fell on Bai Zemin's head as survivors could often be heard gossiping amongst themselves about how their lives were beginning to improve rapidly thanks to him.

Of course, although no one knew how it all started or the exact time, those who were a bit smarter noticed that it all began when a large number of survivors belonging to the original base of the now leader of the Baiquan Camp joined them 3 days ago.

That's right. All those under Bai Zemin's rule were now in the same place and the Beginner Village had finally merged with the Baiquan Camp.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3