Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 556 - Heart Devourer

"What is she going to do?" Shen Mei whispered quietly as she looked at Kang Lan in confusion.

"Wait and you'll understand soon." Nangong Lingxin smiled weakly as she said with flashing eyes: "Although Kang Lan's main duty is to heal and this is also the quality that Bai Zemin most appreciates about her, the reality is that Kang Lan is probably the most mage talented existence among all of the subordinates of Bai Zemin if we leave Shangguan Bing Xue aside. Maybe, just maybe, Wu Yijun can barely compare to Kang Lan with respect to Mana and Magic."

"Oh?" Shen Mei raised both eyebrows clearly in surprise. Now, when she looked at Kang Lan again, her eyes were different. After all, she had seen Wu Yijun use her skill to empower and command plants therefore she knew how powerful she was.

Since Shen Mei was new in the faction, there were many things she naturally didn't know, and since Kang Lan was mostly a quiet person who didn't stand out too much, it was hard to associate her with a magic genius. In fact, even those who knew Kang Lan occasionally forgot that apart from healing Kang Lan also had other magic skills; magic powerful and terrifying enough that her enemies would rather face anyone else than her.

Not for nothing was Kang Lan's job called 'Venomous Healer'. The name of the main path she had chosen to walk for the rest of her life was the very representation that while she could help she could also be deadly when the situation called for it.

Kang Lan took a step forward and closed her eyes for a moment. After a few seconds, her dark eyes slowly opened, and at the same time as a certain rune engraved deep in her soul released a faint purple glow, a magic circle of approximately three meters in diameter appeared above her head.

The Soul Stone on the magic staff of Kang Lan lit up as her mouth opened and chanted in a low voice: "Heart Devourer."

Bang!

The magic circle immediately exploded as Kang Lan's words left her mouth and a large cloud of deep purple color floated just above her head. Although the deep purple cloud was quite beautiful to look at and had a faint sweet smell that seduced the hearts of living beings to feel it, it was actually the most powerful mass control skill that Kang Lan possessed at the moment.

Heart Devourer was a poison-like skill that could extend up to 2000 meters at most under the user's control but could be taken beyond that if the caster received outside help. This skill could be controlled from a distance by the caster such that those considered as allies would not receive any damage even if the poison entered their organism; poison which, as its name suggested, corroded the heart at a rate that depended on the difference between the caster's and the enemy's Magic stats.

"Go." Kang Lan waved her magic staff and the Soul Stone on the surface glowed again for a moment.

Using mana as a driver and main engine, Kang Lan pushed the deep purple cloud and sent it flying in all directions; north, south, east, west, and their in-betweens.

The deep purple cloud became thinner and thinner as it dispersed farther and farther until it reached a point where the entire purple cloud had mixed with the clear air and except for small glowing particles that were not easy to detect with the naked eye there was no trace of this dangerous magical poison.

After a couple of seconds, the skill Heart Devourer reached its natural imposed limit so Kang Lan hurriedly called out, "I reached my boundary." Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"I'll go first then." Fu Xuefeng nodded and quickly pulled out a military radio from his bag. He pressed a button and with his influence as the leader of the Second Brigade of the Blood Spear Legion he ordered, "Gale Team of the First Team of the First Battalion of the Second Brigade. Activate your skills."

Two kilometers away in the four cardinal directions with the hand-to-hand combat training area as the center and yet within the area forbidden to anyone who had nothing to do with the military, four teams composed of four soul evolvers each received Fu Xuefeng's command and immediately carried it out without question.

The Wind Gust skill was a level 1 Unclassified skill without much use but which many possessed as it was at least somewhat useful to slightly restrain enemies. However, thanks to the large investment of Soul Stones that had been injected into the soul evolvers of the Blood Spear Legion, all those who possessed Wind Gust were able to take the skill to the next Order.

After evolving to Mighty Wind Gust, soul evolvers could spend Mana to send a great blast of wind-like magical energy using the natural air currents in their favor and push those wind currents 1500 meters forward.

When the soul evolvers of the different teams activated Mighty Wind Gust, the venomous particles of Kang Lan's Heart Devourer skill were immediately dragged 1500 meters further in all directions with her as the central core, thus breaking the maximum 2000 meters she could reach due to her own limit.

"Gale Team of the Second Team of the Second Battalion of the Second Brigade..."

"Gale Team of the First Team of the Second Battalion of the Second Brigade..."

"Gale Team of the Second Team of the Second Battalion of the Second Brigade ..."

Fu Xuefeng gave four orders in a row and with the use of all the subordinates under his direct command the skill Heart Devourer was pushed 6 kilometers, finally leaving the military base.

-Standing atop one of the base's tallest buildings, Cai Jingyi was calmly observing the scene unfolding just below her.

Currently, the base was not as peaceful as it was a few minutes ago.

Just 200 meters in front of the building Cai Jingyi was standing on, a man between 25 and 30 years old was causing disorder in the streets.

This man was considerably large and being fed mutant beast meat for several days helped his overall power grow at least four to five times compared to the past.

"These damn bastards want to lead us to our doom or what?" The man shouted as he stood in front of a restaurant that was quite popular among the poorer survivors due to its affordable prices.

Since it was usually very crowded by workers at break times, everyone listened to the man's complaints.

"Many of us have businesses and our lives finally settled down after much suffering. However, this Bai Zemin who arrived here a week ago at most wants to take away all the armed troops? Isn't this the same as telling us all to move or die here?!"

Then, the man suddenly grabbed one of the tables that had been set up by the owner of the place for those customers who preferred to eat outdoors and threw it against the large window of the restaurant.

The glass of the window shattered and the people inside the restaurant panicked. Screams and curses erupted but the man who was complaining didn't seem to mind as he continued to wreak havoc while grumbling non-stop.

"Please stop!" The owner of the restaurant, a single woman in her early 30s who had lost her son during the first week of the apocalypse, pleaded with panic and tears in her eyes.

This restaurant had been painstakingly built by her after depriving herself of food for several days and working hard for more than 12 hours a day. The restaurant was barely 3 days old from the time of its opening as the new rule of Bai Zemin had made things so much easier for this woman who had practically nothing but herself, so seeing everything being destroyed before her eyes naturally left her disheartened and desperate.

"Why are you complaining? At the end of the day, we'll all have to leave, won't we?! Since we'll have to leave our things behind no matter what the conditions!" The man scoffed.

Cai Jingyi's eyes flashed quizzically but she did nothing to intervene as she watched from a distance. Her small body that was not overly developed for someone her age but still capable of tempting any man just like the whisper of a demon was tightly hugged by a deep black leather armor that did nothing but help bring out the charms that a normal piece of clothing could not.

As the soft wind caressed her face and made her inky black hair float, Fu Xuefeng's voice reached her ears from the military radio she held in her right hand:

"Cai Jingyi, it's your turn."

Cai Jingyi pressed a button without looking at the radio in her hands and replied in an indifferent voice: "Roger."

She released the button and pressed another one. Then, Cai Jingyi finally brought the military radio to the height of her lips and calmly ordered, "Silent Wind Team of the First Team of the First Battalion of the First Brigade. Start."

The same thing that occurred before happened. Cai Jingyi did not stop and ordered the two teams of the two battalions under her direct command such that all those with the Mighty Wind Gust skill in the First Brigade of the Blood Spear Legion managed to bring Kang Lan's skill to the city.

Suddenly and as the restaurant owner fell to her knees with tears running down her face, a surprising change occurred.

"Stop crying! In the end, you'll be gone in two days too, won't you!" The man roared and picked up a chair preparing to continue destroying the restaurant.

However, his movements suddenly stalled and his expression froze. The man involuntarily let go of the chair he had just grabbed and brought his hands to his chest as intangible sounds came out of his mouth.

Barely two or three seconds later, the man's eyes rolled into the back of his head, and under the shocked eyes of everyone in the restaurant or watching from afar, he fell to the ground, never to get up again.

What happened?! That was the question on everyone's mind as they looked at the corpse slumped on the floor.

The restaurant owner's face turned white as a sheet as everyone quickly began to leave as the rules were very strict; any suspect in any incident involving a life would be locked up and questioned properly and only released once it was proven that the suspect was not involved in any way with the murder.

Standing at the top of the building, Cai Jingyi pressed another button on the military radio in her hand and said in her unchanging voice, "Zhong De. I'm done here."

"Ok."

That was the only reply she received.

While the skill Heart Devourer was spread all over the base and under Kang Lan's control, everyone involved in any kind of security and public order attempt was directly punished with death as a penalty for causing trouble in such a crucial and important moment as it was a 100% survivor mobilization.

No one knew what happened or how it happened, but in a matter of seconds, everyone who was causing trouble of any kind representing vandalism, physical aggression, attempted murder, attempted rape, or any other type of disturbance died before the eyes of the victims or spectators.

Of course, there were also many cases in which troublemakers were shot by police officers, military, or soul evolvers patrolling the area. But since the base was simply too large, it was not possible to be everywhere at all times; precisely because of this, Kang Lan's skill in conjunction with the skills of other soul evolvers was very necessary.

On the other hand, Cai Jingyi nimbly jumped off the large building she was on and the wind swiftly swooshed around her as her surroundings became a blur as she plummeted towards the ground.

Just before hitting the ground, Cai Jingyi activated the ability of her own Arachnid Silk Ring and swung in such a way that as she fell she did not cause any damage or shock. Her body flashed and before anyone noticed she appeared in front of the restaurant owner.

Leather armor, sharp eyes, bearing that exuded someone of power, extraordinary aura, two shining daggers attached to her slender waist, a clearly flexible body capable of performing dangerous movements; Cai JIngyi's whole body was the graphic representation of a powerful soul evolver so the restaurant owner immediately identified her.

The restaurant owner's face turned terribly pale and everyone nearby immediately turned away while pointing at her.

Cai Jingyi ignored all the people on the street and walked straight to the restaurant. Every step she took was accompanied by the crunch of broken glass being crushed and turned to dust by her boots, adding more nerves to the owner's heart.

"Are you the owner of this place?" Cai Jingyi looked at the woman on the ground and asked calmly.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3