Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 561 - Lonely Wolf Aura & War Cry

Lilith and Bai Zemin spent several minutes maintaining the same position without saying a single word. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

After Bai Zemin recovered from the fierce enthusiasm that hit him when he understood the meaning that the small wooden pagoda had not only for him but for any human, all he did was to close his eyes while easily encircling that slender waist that felt so smooth and flexible to the touch through the night-black silk dress with his arms, he enjoyed this rare moment that had presented itself after a series of circumstances occurred at the same time.

There was not the slightest trace of lust in the mind of Bai Zemin as he enjoyed the soft breaths of the lovely woman in his embrace and even though he could feel every inch of her seductive body through the clothing all he felt was relief and gratitude.

It was just a hug that for many would not mean much since in the day to day life they could get as many hugs as they wanted. However, this was the first hug Bai Zemin had received from a dear one since the apocalypse began and for the first time he felt something similar to that blessed feeling of coming home.

Lilith could feel the respect and affection being transmitted to her body through Bai Zemin's arms as the way he wrapped his arms around her waist was so pure and devoid of any nefarious thoughts or ulterior intentions; it felt like the embrace a lover would give his partner after a long day of work having returned home.

Even when Lilith's backside was practically within reach of his hands and even though he knew she wouldn't complain about anything at this point, all Bai Zemin did was move his hands tenderly down to her lower back before continuing to caress with repeated upward motions.

Although they both greatly enjoyed this rare moment in which silence spoke louder than a thousand words, the world situation did not allow them to take breaks; this was especially so for Bai Zemin. With the second evolution of Earth just around the corner, every second counted and Bai Zemin had lost a lot of time when he fell into a state of deep sleep in order to allow his soul to recover from its wounds at thunderous speeds.

After around 20 minutes, when Lilith felt the thumping of Bai Zemin's excited heart calming down, she slowly brought her beautiful little face out of its hiding place to look into his eyes. Although the heart of Lilith felt a little lost when that intoxicating masculine scent that belonged only to him left her, seeing his black eyes as bright as pearls so close definitely and undoubtedly made up for it.

"Hey..." Bai Zemin whispered as he lost himself in those two beautiful rubies before him.

"... Hey," Lilith said in the same tone of voice as him as her eyes subconsciously watched his lips at a dangerously close distance.

For a moment, the two looked at each other as if they were considering something very important. However, Lilith soon seemed to think of something, and instead of moving closer to conclude what they both expected, she leaned her body back so that her two soft cheeks rested comfortably on Bai Zemin's abdomen.

"So, let me see what that pagoda has to get you so excited." She stretched her hand forward as she looked down at him with a big smile on her face.

The eyes of Bai Zemin flashed with a hint of deception as he watched Lilith move away but he soon dismissed that feeling of deception as well since, while he was inexperienced with women, he was actually considerably observant. Therefore, Bai Zemin understood the reason why Lilith did what she did.

She was holding back right now as well. After all, the timing was perfect for it to happen.

However, Bai Zemin was busy and had too much work to do. Lilith believed that the true partner of such a wonderful existence as he was needed to be sensible and understanding enough to know what was best for him at times like this since momentary desires were just that, passing desires.

The simple fact of seeing Bai Zemin devastated by the death of a relative of his as a consequence of being delayed a few seconds due to being with her was something Lilith didn't even want to think about.

What was the rush? An infinite eternity awaited ahead.

Bai Zemin gently rested both hands on Lilith's thighs covered by her long black dress and as he felt her softness he said with a teasing smile, "Nope. I won't show you."

He didn't wait for a reply from her as he brought both hands to her small waist and lifted her body without hindrance before standing up himself.

Lilith felt as if she was a 5-year-old girl being lifted up by Bai Zemin like this and while looking down at him from above with her feet off the ground she made a pout that suited her current situation, "Hey."

"Hehe..." Bai Zemin put her down on the ground and looked at the small wooden pagoda in his hand.

The wooden pagoda did not look normal in any way despite its diminutive size. In fact, the reason why Bai Zemin would describe it as a "wooden pagoda" was because the material used seemed to be wood but honestly he wasn't even sure about it.

Looking carefully, the wooden pagoda was replete with magic runes that formed strange and mysterious patterns in such a way that they connected with each other to form a large magic circle which had the center free as if waiting for the missing piece to arrive soon.

"Why don't I show you the use of this treasure instead?"

Lilith looked at Bai Zemin in confusion as she heard his words.

He looked at her with a confident smile and narrowed eyes as he slowly said, "I'm sure even you, a Sixth Order existence, will be amazed by what this baby in my hands can do."

"Oh?" She raised an eyebrow genuinely surprised.

For Bai Zemin to say such a thing then it could only mean that that wooden pagoda was truly incredible. However, Lilith couldn't help but pour cold water over his head saying:

"You little scoundrel, I've seen a few pagodas like the one you have." She pointed out in a neutral voice, "The Demonic Army and all the factions of Higher Existences have one."

The wooden pagoda was a treasure that was given by the Soul Record when an existence met a certain requirement or met a certain number of criteria which were unknown. However, considering that the wooden pagoda of Lucifer was in charge of modifying Lilith's records to turn her into a succubus-like demon that suited her class and due to small fragments of information she gathered throughout her life, anyone wishing to become a true Leader had to first obtain a wooden pagoda like the one of Bai Zemin.

While it was unlikely that all wooden pagodas were the same, Lilith was 99.99% sure that each one had different abilities since the magic runes on Bai Zemin's pagoda were different from the runes she saw ten years ago on the wooden pagoda in the possession of Lucifer.

However, even after he heard Lilith's words, the confident smile on the face of Bai Zemin did not recede; on the contrary, his confidence now became more prominent and a glint of pride flashed in his pitch-black eyes as he said:

"No. Believe me, you will be amazed when you see what my wooden pagoda can do." He said in a mysterious voice. "Maybe not at present, but my pagoda will definitely be a lot more powerful than the Demon Lord's in the future."

Now, the curiosity of Lilith had reached its peak. Bai Zemin had always, from the very beginning, been a confident person and although he used to cover it up quite well Lilith knew that in his bones he hid arrogance as immense and vast as the skies themselves.

Therefore, if he said such a thing despite having heard Lilith's words, then he must have been very confident. Otherwise he would not say something that would soon put him to shame.

Bai Zemin turned his hand over and the small wooden pagoda was soon brought inside the space of his storage ring. He sat on the edge of the bed and closed his eyes.

"Lilith, give me a few minutes. I need to explore some important records I obtained during the war on the bridge." He said with his eyes closed.

"Okay." Lilith agreed and sat down next to him as she stared at his concentrated and serious face.

'Men really do look more handsome when they were earnestly working on their goals,' She sighed in her heart as Bai Zemin's consciousness dipped deeper and deeper into his most recent records.

Although the records Bai Zemin was looking for were submerged under the records of millions of lives, this time he had much more experience compared to the past and since he also had a clue it didn't take him more than a couple of seconds to find the first record he was looking for.

--------------------------------------

[War Cry (Second Order active skill) level 5: By imbuing mana into your vocal cords and slightly modifying the anatomy of your throat for a brief instant, release a fear-inflicting sound wave that freezes the movements of your opponent for a second. The distance the sound wave can travel depends on the user's Mana stat and the power of the effect can vary depending on the opponent's resistance. This skill cannot evolve on its own and the evolution criteria are unknown. It consumes 70 Mana points to activate and has a cooldown time of 5 minutes.]

--------------------------------------

'So this is the skill I learned at that time.' Bai Zemin pondered in his heart as the battle on the bridge replayed in his memory.

Just then, when the zombie leader was about to stun Bai Zemin with his special skill and leave him open for attacks that could cost him his life, a sudden flash of inspiration struck Bai Zemin as he saw the strange movements in the throat of the zombie leader.

Although it was clearly a different skill than the one the zombie leader had roared, the power of the skill War Cry was unquestionable. The mere fact that it could freeze the enemy's movements due to fear was amazing to say the least considering that in a battle between powerhouses an instant was all that was needed to decide victory and defeat.

Although it was a pity that the skill could not evolve on its own and the methods of evolution were unknown, Bai Zemin was happy to be able to add a new trump card to his arsenal.

With War Cry, Bai Zemin would be able to take his enemies unawares if he played his cards right and used this skill with the rest of his movements appropriately.

Approximately 5 minutes later, Bai Zemin found another crucial record that before the war on the bridge was not in his soul.

--------------------------------------

[Lonely Wolf Aura (Second Order active skill) Level 5: By partially or fully releasing your killing intent, causes an intangible aura to surround your silhouette and inflicts fear on your opponents depending on the degree of killing intent released, which can result in total body freezing or partial loss of battle power as a consequence of demotivation. The skill does not distinguish between allies and enemies. The effect of the skill depends on the difference between your killing intent and the killing intent of those around you. It consumes 100 Mana points to activate and 1 Mana point for every 5 seconds the skill stays active.]

--------------------------------------

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3