Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 567 - If Not Reincarnated Then Linked!

Bai Zemin stared at the golden spear in his right hand intently.

This weapon had saved his life, appearing from a space crack that unlike the Cosmos Gate opened by the asura race looked like a spatial rift formed after the destruction of space itself. Even if Bai Zemin had no idea who the real owner of this weapon was, somehow it had to be an ally or else there was no way a random stranger would decide to save his life just because the weather was nice that day.

As for it being a Soul Armament.... While Bai Zemin wasn't quite sure, just based on the word Soul he could conclude a thing or two from it.

However, the biggest question that Bai Zemin had was: who was the true owner of the golden spear in his hands?

Just as he was lost in his own world, he heard the voice of Lilith at his side:

"You really had it in you after all."

"Huh?" He turned to look at her in surprise. "What do you mean by that?"

Lilith didn't answer right away and instead stared at the golden spear with eyes that constantly flashed with complicated emotions.

Unlike Bai Zemin, Lilith knew perfectly well who that spear belonged to and also knew part of its history. He didn't know but she was fully aware that countless existences, from Lower Existences to Higher Existences, with a little knowledge in respect to the weapon Bai Zemin held would be willing to destroy entire worlds for the sake of getting their hands on it.

"May I?" Lilith asked, raising her face to look at Bai Zemin while pointing at the golden spear with her right index finger.

"... Yeah, sure." Bai Zemin nodded easily despite the doubts that weighed on his heart.

It wasn't that he doubted Lilith regarding stealing the weapon, far from it, it was just that Bai Zemin realized from the previous words she had said, as well as her current slightly strange behavior, that maybe Lilith knew the history of the golden spear; she might even be connected to this artifact.

When her slender right hand came into direct contact with the golden spear, the coldness of the unfamiliar material was transmitted directly to her brain. The surface was rough due to the magical prints that seemed to have lost all their power which made it easy to grip, however, Lilith realized that although this was the same Annihilation of the Falling Sky that the ghost of the Heavenly Wolf Sirius had wielded and with which it had terrified the most powerful Higher Existences in the entire universe, it could not really be considered the same either.

"...Why does it feel so weak?" she muttered as a glint of confusion flashed in her red eyes.

She looked carefully at the magical prints and after a few seconds she remembered that when the ghost of the Heavenly Wolf Sirius held the weapon, the golden spear, it had a faint crimson glow surrounding its outline and the magical prints on the surface released an ominous, opaque red glow as dark as blood.

Now, however, except for the color of the material that had been used to craft it and the magic-less runes, as well as the shape of the weapon, this Annihilation of the Falling Sky was not at all like that divine weapon capable of shattering space into thousands of pieces and traveling at speeds that would make a fool of any of the eight most powerful existences in the universe.

Lilith tried to read the records of the weapon but to her surprise there was actually no message in her retina. This was extremely rare since as long as an existence desired it the Soul Record would always show the records an object had been built with or how it had been born.

"Unless..." Her eyes suddenly widened in shock for a moment before quickly calming down.

"Of course, Soul Armament." Lilith muttered as she nodded.

Annihilation of the Falling Sky was the weapon that had been the companion of Sirius in his countless exploits. It was not at all uncommon for the Heavenly Wolf to have made it his Soul Armament.

"Hello? Can you explain what's going on?" Bai Zemin finally couldn't surprising it anymore so he decided to interject Lilith's thoughts.

"Oh, sorry hehe..." Lilith quickly looked at him smiling and apologized in embarrassment.

Bai Zemin smiled bitterly and said softly, "Looks like you already know my new friend?"

"Your new friend?" She looked at him in surprise before slapping her forehead with her free hand and muttering, "Of course.... You just pulled Annihillation of the Falling Sky out of the inside of your body."

Lilith raised her face to look at Bai Zemin. She looked at him intently for several seconds, and before he began to feel a little uncomfortable, she finally asked calmly, "Did you form a Soul Contract with the spear?"

"No." Bai Zemin shook his head and asked with a frown, "You didn't see the weapon's records?"

Lilith extended her right hand slightly and silently signaled Bai Zemin to take the spear back. Once he got the weapon from her, she shrugged her shoulders and stood up with a small hop.

"Lilith?" Bai Zemin watched her slim back as she walked away towards the large window on the other side of the room.

Lilith brought her hands behind her back and just like an innocent girl devoid of impurities and negative thoughts she walked between little hops towards the window. With a single thought, the mana of her body moved and the curtain that covered the sunlight opened next to the sliding window such that the evening breeze began to circulate inside the bedroom.

Her black dress tightened firmly on her figure and delicately hugged every curve of her body emphasizing even more her slender waist that seemed extremely flexible just like a ballet dancer.

As she looked up at the blue sky, she said in a calm voice: "Soul Armaments are different from any other normal armaments. Unlike a weapon or armor which you can literally forge using anything, Soul Armaments have strict requirements to be born. Also, another distinct difference is that while anyone within the Soul Record power system can read the records of a piece of equipment, only the one who formed a Soul Contract with a Soul Armament can read the records of that piece of equipment."

The room was silent for a couple of seconds before she continued without altering her pace or voice: "That's why I asked you earlier if you had already formed a Soul Contract with Annihillation of the Falling Sky, because if you can already see the records of the spear in your hands then it can only mean that it already belongs to you, right?.... Oh, by the way, a Soul Contract is similar to a Soul Pact but unlike the Soul Pact the Contract is countless times deeper."

As Bai Zemin looked at Lilith's back in detail, he couldn't help but marvel again at her natural charm and otherworldly beauty which even after seeing her every day for over a full month wasn't even close to enough. He felt that no matter how much he looked at her it would be impossible to get bored; could this also be attributed to his feelings for her growing up? Bai Zemin did not know.

What he did know, however, was that for some strange reason Lilith seemed much more carefree now. Just from the tone of her voice, Bai Zemin noticed that the current Lilith felt lighter than before as even her shoulders looked straighter and firmer than earlier.

"But, Lilith." He spoke and while keeping his eyes fixed on her back he pointed out, "Annihillation of the Falling Sky and I haven't formed a Soul Contract yet." 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Lilith fell silent for almost a full minute when she heard Bai Zemin's words and he didn't interrupt her as she seemed too thoughtful. After almost sixty seconds of silence in which she thought and he watched her back without saying a word, Lilith finally asked:

"Why haven't you formed a Soul Contract yet?"

"It's not that I don't want to, I just don't know how." Bai Zemin smiled bitterly and proceeded to read the records recorded in Annihilation of the Falling Sky for her to catch up with him.

After listening to his words, Lilith once again fell silent. Except this time Bai Zemin couldn't hold back and asked in a hopeful voice: "Can you help me? According to the current description, as long as I form a Soul Contract with this weapon the true power of Annihilation of the Falling Sky will be revealed."

Bai Zemin was certain that with the true power of this weapon he would be able to crush everything in his path; his instinct told him so. Therefore, he always wanted to form a Soul Contract with Annihilation of the Falling Sky; unfortunately, he had no clue about it.

"I'd like to help you, but in this case, I'm afraid you're on your own little brother." Lilith's reply was not long in coming and in a clear voice she pointed out, "Even I don't have a Soul Armament so while I know a thing or two about it, it really isn't much more than you do."

"Even you don't have one?" Bai Zemin asked in astonishment.

In his eyes, Lilith was a supreme existence capable of controlling the winds and rains at will. If someone were to ask Bai Zemin who would win in a fight between Lilith and the Demon Lord or the God of the Bible he would without hesitation bet all his chips on Lilith. His confidence in her was blind and his admiration practically touched the clouds, therefore, he was very surprised that she did not possess a Soul Armament.

"You little scoundrel, didn't you hear what I said before?" Lilith chuckled with her back to him. "Soul Armaments are priceless treasures as they are the ultimate equipment that will accompany an existence for the rest of their life. They are not easy to forge and only a few existences know the secret to building one.... I am not even 1 century old and so there are many things unknown to me in the universe that I need to explore."

"I- I see..." Bai Zemin nodded even though she couldn't see it.

"But, leaving aside the matter of whether or not I have a Soul Armament. I think we can now confirm two things." Lilith said in a clear voice, finally turning around to face Bai Zemin.

With the golden sunlight falling on her silhouette and with the sun partially covered by her seductive body, Lilith looked so beautiful that Bai Zemin lost his breath for an instant. His eyes were drawn to her as strongly as bees are drawn to honey, it was inevitable not to admire and appreciate her.

"Oh...? And what is that...?" He asked as if in some kind of trance.

Lilith's eyes sparkled with a hint of joy as she felt Bai Zemin's gaze.

Even though Lilith ignored and even disdained the stares of all men regardless of race as she had grown accustomed to them, what woman wouldn't feel happy when the man they could spend a lifetime with looked at them the way he was looking at her?

Secretly happy for several reasons, she extended her right hand forward with her index finger extended upward while the other four clenched into a small white fist.

"First, your soul is definitely special. It may be your soul or something that makes it up that makes you different but you are definitely not like other humans or any other race within my range of knowledge."

"Huh?" Bai Zemin blinked in surprise, finally regaining his composure and looking at her in amazement at what Lilith had just said.

But she didn't give him time to ask anything as her middle finger of the same hand extended to keep the lone index finger company.

"Second and last but not least..." Lilith's eyes shone brightly and she said in a clear voice, "Little brother, even if you are not the reincarnation of the Heavenly Wolf Sirius, you must absolutely be deeply linked to this legendary existence and his constellation!"

* * * * * * *

Just a quick announcement: for those readers who were waiting for Samsara Online, I picked up the novel yesterday :)

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3