Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 568 - Lilith's Daddy

That's right... Bai Zemin had to admit that the two points highlighted by Lilith were points which he had somehow already managed to point out by himself. However, he still couldn't help but frown slightly and ask: Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

"Why?"

"What do you mean by why?" Lilith asked back as she looked at him blinking.

Bai Zemin stayed in silence for a moment before rephrasing his question, " You said just now that my soul is definitely special, at the very least, it is not a soul similar to that of any other existence and I must admit that I agree with you. However, I would like to know the reason why you think like that."

While Bai Zemin also believed that his soul was special or something inside him made him special, he needed to find a logical reason behind this thought and that was precisely what he was looking for from Lilith. After all, judging by her confident expression, Bai Zemin estimated that she had her reasons for making such a bold statement.

"Oh! About that, it's actually easy." Lilith clapped her hands once and pointed at the golden spear in the hands of Bai Zemin as she slowly said, "The reason why your soul cannot be normal is because even without forming a Soul Contract with the Soul Armament in your hands you are still able to see its stats and engraved records. Even if they are only partial records and not 100% of the real ones, a normal existence would not even be able to see a single record. Therefore, your soul probably has some attribute that allows you to read or understand the records of anything."

As to whether Lilith's theory was true or not, it would be verified in the future when some anomaly similar to the Soul Contract happened. However, she was 90% sure because of the little pink dolphin that was currently watching everything from the big armchair next to the bed and had not moved since Bai Zemin fell into deep sleep.

Bai Zemin lowered his head and as he looked at the floor he pondered on the words Lilith had said to him a few minutes ago... She had told him a few minutes ago that she could not read the records of Annihilation of the Falling Sky because she was not the owner of the Soul Armament, however, Bai Zemin was also not the actual owner of this Soul Armament but still, he could read partial records of it; therefore, what she had just said was quite plausible.

Bai Zemin estimated that his soul or something within him allowed him to adapt to the records of others or, crazier than that, slightly modify those records that did not belong to him to better suit him in such a way that even the power of the Soul Armaments could not be completely hidden from his sight.

"Right. The first point is plausible." Bai Zemin admitted as he looked at Lilith again. Then, he continued, "But, what about the second point? According to you, even if I am not the reincarnation of the Heavenly Wolf Sirius I must be linked in some way or another. Could you please explain a little more?"

Lilith looked deeply at him for several seconds, narrowing her eyes and saying word by word:

"To begin with, the reason I believe you must be related Sirius and to his constellation is because there is no way that the remaining power spirit that had stayed hidden deep inside the Constellation of the Heavenly Wolf for millions and millions of years decided to come out just when a deadly war was raging on a distant world.... Moreover, if you are not linked to the Heavenly Wolf, then it would make no sense that his ghost left behind before disappearing without a trace would suddenly decide to stop attacking the invaders to throw its spear and save a Lower Existence from certain death."

The expression on Bai Zemin's face changed completely and he subconsciously jumped to his feet.

"How do you know?" he asked in surprise and shock.

While Bai Zemin had told her about him invading Oblon World and even though he had shown her some records, Lilith shouldn't know how he almost died and the golden spear in his hands saved him after appearing out of nowhere. After all, he had yet to tell her these details!

"Do you remember what I told you at the beginning of this conversation?" Lilith looked at him with serious eyes and at Bai Zemin's disbelieving gaze she repeated, "An insignificant existence, as you called yourself before, should not be able to draw the attention of most of the most powerful Higher Existences under the bastion called sky."

Bai Zemin sucked in a breath of cold air and his eyes widened as he heard this.

"W- What do you mean by that...?" His voice was low as if he feared someone would hear him, proof of how nervous and disbelieving he was.

Lilith sighed and closed her eyes for several seconds to recapitulate everything that had happened a couple of days ago. Then, she opened her eyes again and began to narrate everything.

Bai Zemin listened to Lilith's story, a story that involved existences that were millions of light-years away compared to his current little self but was surprisingly closely related and linked to him; something that normally should never happen.

From the summoning by the Demon Lord to the appearance of the eight leaders of the eight main factions of Higher Existences, Lilith explained in quality detail how a large part of the most powerful armies of the universe met in the same place due to the magical fluctuation of the Constellation of the Heavenly Wolf and the powerful glow that illuminated a large part of the nearest stars and worlds.

Bai Zemin was greatly surprised to hear that while he and Shangguan Bing Xue were dealing with the asura race, the Higher Existences were engaged in a battle against the ghost of a legendary existence that had disappeared from the universe many, many years ago.

However, what shocked Bai Zemin the most was to hear how the remnant ghost of the Heavenly Wolf was actually powerful enough to terrify each and every one of the most powerful existences in existence. Just the remnant power left behind by an existence that had disappeared countless millions of years ago actually overwhelmed an Eighth Order existence completely while over a million Higher Existences watched from a distance without daring to intervene at all.

If not for the power of a mighty Firmament Fragment granting him a second chance, that mighty Eighth Order dragon would have become history days ago!

"But just as the ghost of the Heavenly Wolf was about to deliver the final blow, it suddenly stopped to look towards a certain specific point and without warning crushed its own spatial lock, which allowed the Dragon King to open a rift in space and successfully flee. However, the strangest part was when the ghost actually threw its precious spear in a hurry as if it was afraid of being late for some special event." Lilith concluded the story by looking at the golden spear in Bai Zemin's hands before adding, "The Soul Armament of the Heavenly Wolf Sirius was known in the past as Annihilation of the Falling Sky.... The spear you hold right now!"

Bai Zemin stood in a daze as he stared at a fixed point with his mind blurred.

Everything he had just heard was too much for his mind to process, however, it was a story he needed to know and it was precisely for this reason that Lilith had no choice but to tell it to him. After all, this story could help him find himself and could serve to clear up many mysteries that the sooner they were cleared up the easier the future path of Bai Zemin would be.

Lilith noticed how Bai Zemin's grip on Annihilation of the Falling Sky tightened, clearly unwilling to let it go after hearing everything she told him.

But, this was completely normal... Annihilation of the Falling Sky could not only be the weapon of his past life but was also a priceless treasure that countless would kill for. It was only natural for Bai Zemin to treat it with greater care now that he knew its source.

She remained silent and gave him time to assimilate all the information he had just acquired; which was no small amount. The two stood in silence, listening to the voices coming from outside the villa and occasionally hearing military vehicles patrolling the residential area.

It was only after about fifteen minutes had passed that Bai Zemin finally sighed and with his free hand tousled his hair fiercely as he let out a low cry, "Daaaamn, this daddy here really got reincarnated?"

The corner of Lilith's mouth twitched a couple of times as she said, "Well, that may not be the case. According to the Leader of the Demonic Army, a person like the Heavenly Wolf Sirius could never be reincarnated since his world was destroyed."

"Oh?" Bai Zemin raised his head and looked at her in surprise.

Lilith decided that temporarily it was best not to tell Bai Zemin about the Higher Existences not being able to see Earth nor the fact that Earth seemed to be protected by some strange energy that she couldn't understand. He already had too much on his table to add more, so some matters were better reserved for later.

"Be that as it may, with Blood Manipulation, Gravity Manipulation, your past history with the Constellation of the Heavenly Wolf, the strange move of Sirius' ghost saving you, and finally you being able to form an improvised contract without even doing anything with Annihilation of the Falling Sky.... I think it's safe to assume that, at the very least, you must be a perfect successor to the Firmament Fragment of the Heavenly Wolf, so much so that the ghost left behind by Sirius would not hesitate to put aside its anger for the sake of saving your life."

Lilith sounded very confident in what she was saying and Bai Zemin found no reason or argument by which to reject her words.

He plopped down on the bed, making his body bounce up and down thanks to the springs of the mattress. After a few seconds, he smiled and pointed to himself as he said, "Damn, but who would have thought that Blood Manipulation and Gravity Manipulation could actually become so deadly in their most advanced stages? Even that Eighth Order Dragon King was eating stardust under the attacks of Sirius' ghost!"

Blood chains capable of absorbing the enemy's Mana and using their magical power to strengthen themselves, black holes capable of devouring all magical spells or deflecting all magic as well as slowing down the enemy's movements.... Bai Zemin felt his soul tremble with excitement at what the future held for him!

Lilith chuckled and a glint of pride flashed in her beautiful ruby eyes.

Any other normal person would definitely not be able to accept everything he had just heard from her, after all, the information he had received was no different from telling him with certainty that he was not what he thought he was and that his 20 years of life had been a lie. However, even so, Bai Zemin not only did not feel bad but even seemed eager to try.

But in fact, Lilith underestimated too much the effect her kiss had had on Bai Zemin. The current him was not only not afraid of his possible identity but also not afraid of what the future might have in store for him. To the current Bai Zemin, as long as he could keep her by his side and ensure the safety of his family, everything else couldn't matter less!

"Alright!"

Lilith snapped out of her dream world as a voice brimming with vigor rang out. She looked at Bai Zemin with confused eyes, to which he responded with a big smile bursting with pride:

"Lilith, I, your daddy, will show you what my pagoda can do! This daddy will definitely become the strongest faster than you ever expected!"

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3