Chen He, Shangguan Bing Xue, and Wu Yijun were the three friends who had known each other since childhood due to their family ties. The three were about the same age, with Wu Yijun being the youngest of the group by one year.

The reason why Chen He had previously said that if anything happened to Wu Yijun her father and grandfather would go crazy when they found out was because, in fact, her status was not at all normal, even surpassing Chen He's military family's status by a large margin.

She was actually the granddaughter of the current Prime Minister of China Wu Jianhong, being known as one of the eight most powerful men in the whole country. Her father Wu Keqian was the current Mayor of the Changping District of Beijing City which consisted of a total of ten localities.

Wu Yijun's Wu Family was not only one of the most terrifying and politically powerful families in all of China but in recent years had also begun to expand into the military field since one of Wu Yijun's uncles had quickly risen through the ranks of the army.

Basically, Wu Yijun's status was that of a little princess in the past and it was precisely because of her powerful backing that no one had dared to lay a finger on her although there were countless outstanding young men drooling to court her and all those who had dared to try had disappeared without alerting anyone.

If she, the most beloved granddaughter of the second most powerful man in all of China, suffered any backlash; if the army managed to overcome this tribulation and the Central Government remained standing, the whole country would probably be shaken by the wrath of the Wu Family... Even launching nuclear warheads on the zombies was not impossible!

* * *

Bai Zemin had stood outside the room for several minutes observing the group's friendly reunion from a corner. The tears of pain and relief as well as the muffled sobbing of the three girls surrounding Shangguan Bing Xue... He looked at all of this with a complicated expression before shook his head softly and turned around to leave quietly.

As he walked silently down the corridor, a silence where even his footsteps could not be heard, the beautiful woman walking beside him tilted her head and asked curiously, "Could it be that you are jealous?"

"Hah?" Bai Zemin looked at her with raised eyebrows and asked in return, "Could it be that you've gone completely mad, Beautiful Queen?"

"Don't be shy, just admit it~" Lilith said in a playful voice before suddenly jumping on him as she said cheerfully, "This beautiful big sister will spoil you a lot, come here~"

"You! Let go of me you perverted succubus! If you want my life energy you'll have to fight a lot harder than this!" he began to push trying to break free. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"I told you it's not like that!"

Fortunately, no one was present, or else they might see the amusing scene of a young man struggling against seeming nothingness as if he had gone completely insane.

* * *

After calming down the Gao Min trio and allowing them to eat something light to open their stomachs, Shangguan Bing Xue approached Wu Yijun who was drinking boxed milk along with a bread bun, and gave her a rare genuine smile, "I'm glad you're safe and healthy, Yijun."

Wu Yijun reciprocated the genuine smile and looked at her with a relieved but somewhat complex look as she said, "Although I knew you would definitely be fine since it's you, I didn't expect you to become this strong."

Earlier, after slightly ensuring the entrance to the room, Wu Yijun could not help but approach the window so she had witnessed with her own eyes the short but dangerous battle of the group of four against the strange blue-skinned zombie. She had seen how Shangguan Bing Xue created and controlled ice as if she was a Goddess so she couldn't help but feel a touch of envy of her.

After all, while Shangguan Bing Xue had obtained the ability and power to defend herself, Wu Yijun herself could only hide in this small room in order to survive.

Shangguan Bing Xue seemed to know what her good friend's thoughts were. But she shook her head and sighed lightly as she explained in a somewhat sad voice which was in stark contrast to her usually cold and immovable tone: "No. Actually, I was just lucky... At that time, Xiao Bai turned into a strange creature but before it could move it seemed to be frozen... I take the opportunity and stabbed it with a knife."

Xiao Bai was actually the little white rabbit that Shangguan Bing Xue's mother had given her and she really loved it very much. Xiao Bai was a rather old rabbit that had been with her for over five years, but the Mana had affected it as its body was mutated and, seizing the moment as she noticed something was wrong, she killed it, thus gaining her Ice Maker skill.

"I see... Sorry about that." Wu Yijun finally understood and looked at her with a tinge of sympathy.

As her best friend and childhood acquaintance, Wu Yijun knew how important Xiao Bai was to her and the significance of that rabbit in her heart. The fact that Shangguan Bing Xue had the courage and resolve to end its life without hesitation was something that not many people would be able to do.

"By the way..." Trying to change Shangguan Bing Xue's somewhat subdued mood and wanting to ask this for quite some time now, Wu Yijun looked at the surroundings and asked in confusion, "The guy with the sword and black coat from before is not with you? He left with the man with the beard and that big hammer?"

Hearing her question, Gao Min, Li Na, and Fan Wu looked at Shangguan Bing Xue and Chen He waiting for a response.

Because Bai Zemin had stayed outside the room in a corner, the four girls had not seen him so they had thought he was doing another task. While it was true that they were happy to see their friends, especially Wu Yijun since they had been friends since childhood, and while it was true that they were surprised to see that Chen He and Shangguan Bing Xue seemed to have become more powerful people, the person who had left the biggest impression on the minds of the four girls had been the one who had sneaked into the dormitory and killed his way here.

This was especially true for Wu Yijun. She had seen how Bai Zemin was the only person capable of fighting in the upper hand against that blue-skinned zombie, so her impression of him was the greatest. Therefore, not seeing him here she couldn't help but wonder.

Considering his strength, he definitely had to be one of the leaders. But where was he then?

"Uh? Now that you mention it..." Chen He blinked and looked at the surroundings dumbfounded as he said, "Wasn't he just behind us a few minutes ago? How did he suddenly disappear?"

Shangguan Bing Xue was also speechless. After looking around the surroundings and not finding him anywhere, she couldn't help but grit her teeth as she complained in a low voice: "This person... He really is like an uncontrollable horse. Didn't we all agree to move together before?"