Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 571 - "Little Sister Lilith, Do You Think You Can Deal With This Big Brother In Bed?"

The zombie running towards him quickly caught up with Bai Zemin. Its face distorted like that of a beast blinded by rage and hunger at the same time as a growl that seemed to come from deep within its heart emerged from its wide-open mouth.

Although the run of the zombie was considerably fast and the swing of its right arm deadly enough to hit a low-level soul evolver if the latter was not careful, in the eyes of Bai Zemin the movements of the current zombie were no different from the movements of the first zombies he faced during Day 1 of the apocalypse with the arrival of the Soul Record.

This was because while the Agility stat of the zombie had been steadily increasing over time and as the creatures became stronger after killing and devouring other evolved beings, the Agility stat of the current Bai Zemin was unparalleled to his lamentable Agility of the past.

Therefore, it could be said that although the zombies had become faster, Bai Zemin had become even faster!

Swoosh!

Bai Zemin took a step to the right, causing the zombie's claw to pass just inches away from his body. Taking advantage of the zombie staggering forward due to the momentum and subsequent miss of the attack, he kicked the beast with moderate Strength with his left foot directly in the lower knees.

Bang!

The zombie fell to the ground on its back but did not take long to react as with a leap it tried to get to its feet. However, even before it could do anything, Bai Zemin hit it again, this time on the right side of the body and causing the zombie to go flying before hitting the wall of one of the houses on the other side of the street.

Bang!

The zombie was not hurt at all as Bai Zemin had kicked it with considerably low Strength for the level of the beast. However, clearly its brain was shaken hard as even after a couple of seconds of struggling it failed to get to its feet.

Bang!

"Stand quiet, I'll be done soon." Bai Zemin looked down at the zombie from above as he casually rested his right foot on the back of the creature that was grunting and squirming unsuccessfully trying to free itself.

Lilith approached him and as she looked down at the zombie squirming on the ground she asked in a surprised voice, "You little scoundrel, don't tell me the power of your pagoda is to control the zombies?"

"What...? Of course, it's not!" Bai Zemin looked at Lilith with wide eyes and asked dumbfounded, "How did you draw such a crazy conclusion?"

"No?" This time it was Lilith's turn to be even more surprised. She looked at him with wide eyes and blinked as she asked dumbfounded, "Then why did you tell me before if I see this zombie? Doesn't the power of your pagoda have something to do with zombies?"

Lilith looked so cute and innocent like a little angel from the legends so Bai Zemin couldn't help but chuckle. He reached out a hand to stroke her hair and said in a soft voice, "My beautiful Lilith.... As naive as ever."

"Naive? Who's the na?ve one here, virgin child?" She retorted loudly and pulled Bai Zemin's hand away with a light smack. Then she blushed slightly and muttered, "Besides, who is your Lilith? You little scoundrel, you really don't know your own limits."

Bai Zemin took out two Unclassified Soul Stones from his spatial storage ring and while holding both small rocks with one hand he held onto the small pagoda with the other.

"I'm a virgin, just like you. But at least, I'm confident I can beat you in bed." He said confidently as he carried the first Unclassified Soul Stone to the free space where all the magical runes were gathered.

Flash!

The small wooden pagoda let out a faint sky blue radiance and under the unsurprised gaze of Lilith the power of the Unclassified Soul Stone was soon completely absorbed. As Bai Zemin repeated the process with the second Soul Stone, she responded to his previous words:

"You? Beat me in bed? Little brother, this big sister has much more Stamina than you even if that's not my forte~" Lilith smiled like a charming little devil and pursed her lips in an extremely sexy manner as she said in a seductive voice: "This big sister knows many techniques with which she could wipe out your Stamina in a matter of hours!"

Bai Zemin threw the small wooden pagoda a little over ten meters away as he used the connection he had with it into his soul to activate it.

Swoosh!

Slowly but surely, the small wooden pagoda began to grow. It grew from 10 centimeters to 20 centimeters, then 30, then 50, and so it continued to grow very slowly.

As Bai Zemin and Lilith watched the process with shining eyes, he looked at her sideways and said in a serious voice, "No matter how much Stamina you have, unless your Stamina is about several hundred thousand points, neither you nor any other woman can beat me in bed."

"Em?" Lilith looked at him in confusion.

What was wrong with this guy? Not only did he seem very confident as if he actually had the means to defeat her if they ever rolled around under the sheets but he didn't seem to be joking about it either.

"There is nothing to be surprised about." Bai Zemin shrugged as he put some more Strength into his leg to force the unruly zombie back to the ground. "My Regeneration skill allows me to recover up to 50 Stamina points by consuming 1 measly Mana point. Considering that at that time we will be completely naked as we were created, my total Mana will be 751 points, which means that apart from my 1240 natural Stamina points I would have over 37,000 Stamina points reserved."

Lilith's face changed tremendously when she heard this but Bai Zemin was not done yet as when the wooden pagoda reached two meters high and continued to grow sideways he continued:

"Now, let's not forget my Overlap Regeneration ability. With this second activation of the Regeneration skill, I can easily recover my maximum Mana points at least ten times before I need to stop in order to avoid overloading my soul. This, consequently, could translate to over 370,000 Stamina points." Bai Zemin turned his face to look at Lilith with a raised eyebrow and said arrogantly, "So, you think you can deal with this big brother's might in bed? Little sister Lilith!"

Lilith was no longer smiling and instead her eyes were wide open as she stared at Bai Zemin intently. She had forgotten for a moment what the second activation Overlap Regeneration meant along with the skill Regeneration, but now that Bai Zemin pointed it out, she finally understood one thing; the current her really couldn't tease him anymore in this aspect!

"You... What kind of monster are you?" Lilith asked while covering her upper body with both arms. She looked at the surroundings and cried out, "Help! A sex machine is about to assault this young lady!"

Forget about several hundred thousand points, Lilith's Stamina was not as high as Bai Zemin might think! If Bai Zemin and her really engaged in sexual acts and he cheated by using his skills to empower himself, then Lilith might have to use a wheelchair for several months despite being a Sixth Order existence!

"Hmph!" Bai Zemin snorted and kicked the zombie, sending it flying straight into the pagoda that was over 10 stories tall and about 7 meters wide.

He watched as the door of the wooden pagoda closed with a bang and then the runes surrounding the wooden building began to release a faint sky-colored radiance that felt as warm as the sun's rays on a winter's day. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

As Lilith watched the pagoda with shining eyes, she felt Bai Zemin put one of his arms around her shoulders and pulled her close to him. She did not fight back but instead looked at him with hidden bitterness.

"Little sister Lilith, why so shy~?" Bai Zemin used the same tone of voice she often used with him and teased, "Come, let's get to know each other better, how about it? Mm? This daddy here will teach you the pleasures of the universe to the point where you won't want to leave my room!"

"Bah! Bah!" Lilith pulled off Bai Zemin's arm and turned to look at him gasping in indignation, "Surnamed Bai! You really are shameless! Do you dare to compete with this young lady without cheating? Or perhaps without using skills you have no self-confidence?!"

Bai Zemin folded his arms and said indifferently while looking up at the sky, "The skills that are engraved in my soul are part of my existence so to say that I am cheating is a bit too much. However, this young master here is patient so he won't argue with you. In any case, as a First Order existence I'm already capable of beating you if I really give it my all, so, when I break through a couple of Orders further, I'll be able to take you to see the stars with a couple of thrusts!"

Maybe it was a side effect of the completely cracked Stone Heart rune or maybe it was because the skill itself had weakened on Lilith but the current Bai Zemin had no shame in speaking his thoughts up front when it came to physiological matters and she was involved.

The corner of Lilith's mouth twitched for an instant before she pouted.

"Hmph! I'm not talking to you anymore, bully!"

She looked like a little girl who had been bullied by someone bigger and seeing her like that Bai Zemin really didn't know whether to laugh or cry. He smiled slightly and said in a matter-of-fact voice:

"How am I a bully? At the end of the day, sooner or later you and I will end up in the same bed. I'm just expressing facts~"

"Bah! Bah! Who's going to end up in bed with you? Who would want to go to bed with a little scoundrel like you?!" Lilith blushed slightly and cursed him while sticking her tongue out a couple of times.

"Both you and I know it~" Bai Zemin continued to mimic Lilith's tone of voice with a smile on his face that was really begging to be beaten off. "Don't worry, I'll be gentle~"

Lilith rolled her eyes, but still said nothing to refute his words. Instead, her eyes flashed mysteriously as she said, "What really matters is the dexterity with which a man treats a woman in bed. Stamina is secondary!"

However, Bai Zemin was not fooled and instead said as if it was no big deal, "It's okay, I'm a quick learner, you forget that I'm a genius? Besides, Lilith, not only can quality outweigh quantity but sometimes quantity can also outweigh quality!"

Basically, what Bai Zemin wanted to tell Lilith with those words was that even if he was currently inexperienced he still had enough stamina to solve that problem. Besides, he would very quickly learn the sexual arts and with them become the sex machine she always talked about!

Lilith looked at him, this time she really had no choice but to admit defeat. Of course, with her charm completely unleashed Bai Zemin wouldn't be able to really beat her in bed as her every touch would be a hell of pleasure for him. However, the mere fact that he being a level 50 existence could "threaten" her like this even though she was over level 600 was already something Lilith had never heard of.

Just when the beautiful and charming succubus who had countless men in love but did not even receive the time of the clock wondered if she would really be able to handle this young man next to her when it came to the bedroom arts in the future, the radiance of the pagoda faded and the wooden door slowly opened on its own.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3