Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 572 - Limitless Pagoda: Initial Floor Power

"Come, follow me." Bai Zemin said as he walked with eyes full of excitement towards the ten-story tall pagoda whose door had now opened wide. "I will show you what my pagoda is capable of in its initial stage."

Lilith followed him but even without reaching the inside of the pagoda a slightly crazy theory struck her to the core. Therefore, after a second or two of consideration, she finally couldn't take it anymore and asked, "Little scoundrel, don't tell me that the power of your pagoda is to turn zombies into humans?"

The reason Lilith had previously brought up the idea that maybe the pagoda of Bai Zemin consumed Soul Stones in exchange for bestowing him the ability to control zombies for a short period of time and not such a crazy idea as making zombies turn into humans was because such kind of power in a pagoda in its initial stage was simply unheard of.

While Lilith had only been in the Demonic Army for a mere 10 years or so, she had done a lot of research before joining a faction. Therefore, not only did she have a rough idea of the powers that the pagoda of Lucifer had, but she also had some information regarding the other seven pagodas of the seven most powerful leaders among the Higher Existences.

According to what Lilith had heard and after several years of keeping herself hidden by investigating the real big shots, she discovered with great difficulty that at first the pagoda of the Demon Lord Lucifer possessed the ability to form a safe area of between 5000 square meters and 15000 square meters where only those whom he allowed could get in. Of course, this kind of safe area was not eternal, and to maintain it Lucifer needed to consume Soul Stones in large quantities depending on the enemy that tried to enter and start a massacre.

To have such a type of security in the apocalypse was undoubtedly so valuable that there was no way to describe it accurately. However, it was within the parameters of what could be considered "acceptable" considering that each of the pagodas were treasures so precious that the number of existences in history that ever possessed one was pitifully low. After all, each pagoda practically represented a power with the potential to become a Higher Existence power if it had not yet become one.

There were also pagodas whose initial ability had been to launch a limitless power attack whose limit was solely determined by the power and quality of the Soul Stone the pagoda owner used, pagodas capable of creating a fertile ground where crops grew at over 100 times the normal speed, and some others.

However, if these abilities were compared to the ability to turn zombies into humans, they were in fact too insignificant.

On other worlds where zombies did not exist, the pagoda of Bai Zemin might be useless. However, Earth was practically zombie land! The whole world was ruled by billions of zombies! To possess the power to turn them back into humans was simply insane and precisely for that reason, Lilith did not dare to think on such a possibility.

But in fact. She was wrong.

"No, the power of my pagoda is not to turn zombies into humans." Bai Zemin shook his head and stepped inside the pagoda together with Lilith, who was now at a loss after hearing his words.

However, the existence that was currently lying on the ground with the eyes closed seemed to contradict Bai Zemin's words.

Lilith felt a mixture of complicated emotions ranging from shock, confusion, and disbelief, to joy, relief, and pride.

On the floor, a man approximately 32 years old was breathing heavily. His eyes were closed tightly as if he was having a nightmare and his face was drenched with beads of sweat. In addition, his clothes were practically in tatters and his body was releasing a foul odor similar to that of a person who had not showered in months and had been wallowing in the dirt during all that time.

"If your pagoda can't turn zombies into humans then what does this mean?" Lilith pointed straight ahead with a frown.

This man was clearly the zombie from before as his aura was almost the same and the clothes he wore were identical. However, there were some noticeable differences such as more natural skin color, nails that were not claws, normal veins hidden under the skin instead of bulging black veins, a face that was not distorted by madness, etc.

Bai Zemin's body trembled with excitement and his eyes shone brightly at the same time as he clenched his fists so tightly that his bones began to creak and thunder inside the building.

Even he, who knew what was going to happen, was incredibly excited! Bai Zemin was so excited that he could probably jump around all day handing out kisses and hugs just like a little kid at his birthday party!

"You're wrong, Lilith." He said in a trembling voice. "I never said my pagoda couldn't turn zombies into humans, what I said was that the power of my pagoda is not to turn zombies into humans."

Lilith looked at Bai Zemin and a glint of annoyance flashed in her beautiful eyes. Curiosity was killing her as well as eagerness but this little brat was actually tormenting her like this!

'It seems that if I don't put this little boy in his place somehow or else I'll soon be overtaken.' Lilith thought with a snort in her heart. 'The place of the daredevil can only belong to me in this relationship!'

But just as she was about to burst out in anger and frustration, Bai Zemin took a few steps forward before turning to look her in the face.

His face was radiant with a bright smile and he opened his arms as if he wanted to embrace the world as he said loudly:

"The name of my pagoda is Limitless Pagoda and the power of the initial floor allows me to reverse the records that were modified to bring those existences that ceased to be what they were back to their roots without suffering negative losses regarding health!"

The voice of Bai Zemin echoed not only within the first floor of the pagoda but also resounded loudly in the head of Lilith. She stood frozen as she looked at him as if in a daze, but the more she comprehended what she had just heard, the more her eyes grew in sync with her heartbeat.

The power of the pagoda of Bai Zemin was simply insane, to say the least; he even possessed the ability to bring Lilith back to her original race! But the most terrifying thing of all was that by doing so he would basically be eliminating the records that made Lilith a demon and thus also eliminating her belonging to the Demon Army, thus turning her into a Lower Existence without having to suffer the consequences of the Soul Record!

Bai Zemin turned around to look at the still fainting human man and said excitedly, "Lilith, with this pagoda, I have the ability to turn those humans who were turned into zombies by the Soul Record back into humans! But that's not all... Each and every one of them will be powerful warriors of at least level 8!"

Lilith sucked in a breath of cold air as she realized that what Bai Zemin was saying was true.

Since the power of his pagoda was to return the modified records of an existence back to normal without affecting health, then all those humans who were turned into zombies due to their soul and physique unable to withstand the mana in their organisms would now return to being human but without that defect! Furthermore, since the zombies had been constantly growing, the moment Bai Zemin turned them into humans again they would retain their levels!

"How... How can this be possible?" Lilith muttered with her eyes wide open.

Lilith believed that she was already being bold enough to assume that the power of Bai Zemin's pagoda would be crazy enough to turn zombies into humans; the reason why this thought was crazy was because only Higher Existences with pagodas were capable of achieving this but even then they needed the acceptance of the other party.

However, what Lilith did not expect was that in reality, Bai Zemin's pagoda power would be as crazy as this! What was even crazier was that he didn't even need the other party's approval since Lilith had seen with her own eyes as he kicked the zombie into the pagoda!

"What a pity..." Bai Zemin suddenly lowered his arms slowly and sighed. A glint of regret flashed in his night-black eyes as he said to himself, "If I had known this would happen I would have captured elder Sang instead of letting Bing Xue turn him into ice."

Unfortunately, there was no magic pill to go back in time.

Of course, Bai Zemin was not blaming Shangguan Bing Xue at all since even if she did not turn the blacksmith elder into a pile of ice particles Bai Zemin himself would have beheaded him to release him from the torment.

At the end of the day, the old man was destined to die no matter what.

Bai Zemin smiled bitterly but he soon smacked his cheeks hard and shook his head, shaking off the feeling of regret and sadness.

This should be a time to celebrate and not to feel bad!

'I will live well for those who have not made it and will pay in life for the sins I have committed.' Bai Zemin knew that his path was destined to be bumpy.

That was why he was getting stronger.... To at least soften the blow. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Lilith still hadn't come out of her shock so naturally, she didn't understand at all and almost didn't even see the struggle Bai Zemin experienced in front of her for a few brief seconds. She still could not understand how such a crazy pagoda could exist; however, Lilith did understand one thing or two.

Since such a pagoda existed, then it was only natural that it would fall into the hands of the one who was destined to shine brighter than anyone else. Moreover, she also understood that Bai Zemin's words were not overrated when he said that his pagoda would be the strongest in the future; leaving behind the Demon Lord, God, and all others.

After storing the pagoda in his spatial storage ring, Bai Zemin put the fainting man on his right shoulder and carried him like a sack of potatoes. Then, since there was nothing more to do here, he and Lilith set off back to the base.

On the way, Lilith asked him several questions regarding his pagoda; questions which Bai Zemin answered based on the information he had in hand since even though the Limitless Pagoda was his pagoda it was actually not fully developed yet; it could be said that the Limitless Pagoda was in its infant stage and needed food to grow strong and healthy.

"So, how is the energy consumption of the initial floor of your pagoda?"

"To turn an Unclassified zombie into a human of the same level I need to consume two Unclassified Soul Stones. For a First Order zombie, the number of First Order Soul Stones needed is two as well. However, for a Second Order zombie, the number of Second Order Soul Stones is three, the same amount is needed for a Third Order zombie. For a Fourth Order one. I need four such Soul Stones.... Crazy."

"Rascal, crazy is the power of that pagoda you have even though it's only floor 1 but you dare to complain?"

"Hey, high Order Soul Stones aren't easy to get you know?"

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3