Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 585 - Wu Yijun And Bai Zemin Fighting Shoulder To Shoulder

With the constant rumbling that not only shook the earth but also echoed loudly in the atmosphere to the point where the skies began to tremble, the number of beasts that left the depths of the forests they inhabited was not small.

While most of them were Unclassified creatures whose levels ranged from 12 to 25 maximum, the number of creatures that had already set foot in the First Order was not small at all. Not to mention the fact that there were all sorts of beasts with different varieties of attacks, there were also at least two or three thousand mutant plants that crawled on the ground or jumped while cutting through the wind and smashing enemies blocking the way.

Wu Yijun was strong, there was no doubt that as a First Order level 37 soul evolver her power was among the top in the entire Transcendent faction. However, facing no less than a few hundred First Order existences was not something that was within her capability; at the end of the day, she was not a monster at Shangguan Bing Xue's level, let alone Bai Zemin's level.

However, Wu Yijun was a really smart woman. She knew that if Bai Zemin had asked her to stay by his side even though with his strength he might be able to slaughter all enemies it was not because he needed her support to fight to the death; what he needed from her right now was another characteristic of her skills that except for Shangguan Bing Xue's ice-creating ability no one in the entire faction could surpass or match.

BOOOOOOOOOOM!!!

Another terrifying explosion shook the earth and Wu Yijun had to grit her teeth to stay steady on her feet. She looked over her shoulder only to see that Bai Zemin was repositioning his sword on his shoulder with an indifferent look, in front of him, over 1000 meters away, the blood mist became thicker and the sea creatures that were previously nearby had disappeared without a trace.

Wu Yijun's eyes sparkled with admiration and she subconsciously clenched both fists tightly. She really adored Bai Zemin, it was his strength that won her over in the beginning and the reason why she was interested in him, and thus, part of why she would eventually fall in love after getting to know his personality and principles.

Although the current Wu Yijun did not care about Bai Zemin's power or status as the highest leader of the entire Transcendent faction since she loved him for who he was at his core and not for something as simple as power, she could not deny that seeing the man she wanted to spend her whole life with overwhelm enemies so calmly caused her heartbeat to increase even in the middle of the battlefield.

After all, it was in every woman's genetics to seek out a man worthy of them; the more outstanding the woman, the more outstanding the man must be. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Although it was to a lesser degree and with more limits, human females were in a sense equal to the females of any herd and males were no different from the males of the herd; the lioness would only be willing to mate with the one who showed to be stronger and with better genes to give birth to a more powerful next generation.

Wu Yijun's eyes flashed with resolution: 'I cannot let him feel disappointed of me! I have to show him that other than Bing Xue, I can also support him on the battlefield!'

Since he was trusting her and was giving her this rare opportunity to fight by his side, then the least Wu Yijun could do was to make the most of every second and prove her worth!

Wu Yijun pulled out two handfuls of small seeds that had a peculiar bright red color from inside the leather bag tied to her waist and threw them with all her might forward and to her sides.

The red seeds flew over 1000 meters with the help of the strong winds blowing south and separated in the air before falling to the ground in a disorderly manner, scattering and covering a 180-degree area in front and to the sides of Wu Yijun.

However, even though the mutant beasts and plants passed that range, Wu Yijun did not activate the seeds she had just cast and instead waved her magic staff while vocalizing loudly, "Paralyzing Spores!"

A small magic circle appeared in front of her and when the wave of mana hit it, it exploded, releasing a huge emerald green cloud that shimmered under the sun's glare. The cloud was carried away by the wind and spread across the battlefield in just seconds.

A First Order mutant snake reached the range of 500 meters from where Wu Yijun was standing right after taking the life of a giant white mouse that crossed its path. The reptilian eyes of the mutant snake flashed with rage as it saw the two humans in front of it blocking the way so it opened its jaws wide preparing to spit out a large ball of corrosive acid; acid which upon hitting the ground generated hissing sounds and punctured the earth with ease, showing just how lethal it was.

However, as the attack of the mutant snake was about to be completed, the eyes of the creature suddenly froze and its mouth abruptly closed. The 300+ meter long body that was sliding across the ground at a speed comparable to that of a race car suddenly seemed to lose control and fell rolling over the ground kicking up large clouds of dust and crushing some other smaller sized beasts in the process.

What happened to the First Order mutant snake was like the beginning of chaos as in an instant thousands of beasts that were charging forward fell to the ground, causing explosions and kicking up heavy clouds of dust in the process. Moreover, the number of beasts that were crushed to death was not low!

The First Order beasts were only paralyzed after breathing in the magic spores released by Wu Yijun for two or three seconds at most before getting up again to charge forward even more furiously than before or to fight each other fiercely. However, at least 20,000 Unclassified creatures stayed on the ground even after several seconds.

"Stop!" Wu Yijun had no time to rejoice or to feel proud as she immediately noticed that her skill Paralyzing Spores had no effect on the mutant plants.

Her voice, however, seemed to have some effect as when the mutant plants heard the word 'stop' they actually hesitated as to whether they should continue moving forward or not. This was all due to Wu Yijun's job which not only increased her affinity with the plants but also allowed her voice to more easily reach the consciousness of those beings!

Wu Yijun took that opportunity to wave her magic staff again and called out loudly, "Water Chains!"

Activating her skill Hydrokinesis, Wu Yijun made use of the large amount of water that flew from the sea and landed on the mainland to form hundreds of huge, long chains which with another swing of her magic staff began to coil around the creatures of the First Order. Although the water chains began to break, they served to buy time.

That was all Wu Yijun needed to do; buy time! Time enough until Bai Zemin finished off the sea creatures that were being driven out of the sea due to the waves that formed as a result of the shaking of the world!

Wu Yijun heard constant explosions behind her and did not need to turn around to know that Bai Zemin was crushing the sea creatures and beasts that were coming out of the northern sides of the forests.

The reason why this was such a troublesome task was because if they let the creatures go berserk now, then it was unlikely that the Transcendent faction would be able to find a safe place to stay later!

"Blood Bullets!"

Wu Yijun heard the voice of Bai Zemin and noticed that below her and across the ground, countless small-sized shadows appeared. Then, the wind howled sharply and moment later small but powerful blasts began to resound one after another.

Wu Yijun gritted her teeth as she saw several beasts trying to flee in the opposite direction; this was what she feared the most since in that direction were the survivors!

"Fire Hydra!" Wu Yijun shouted and activated the second activation of her skill Second Order Plant Empowerment level 3.

All the bright red seeds that had fallen disorderly all over the ground suddenly released a strong crimson glow as Wu Yijun's mana was absorbed by them and a moment later they all blasted out.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!...

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!...

From within the seeds, thick flexible branches similar to vines grew and spread everywhere before wrapping around the bodies of those mutant beasts and plants trying to run in a southward direction.

Roar!!!

The beasts let out roars of pain and fury as the plants writhed. When their bodies were surrounded and enveloped by the bright red vines, the fire-like energy that was hidden within them was released and began to burn their bodies extremely fast, piercing the outer skin of the weaker beasts with ease and setting the plants on fire even more easily.

A First Order goat whose body was enveloped by black spines and whose silver horns were over two meters long let out a furious roar as one of its legs began to be burned by a vine of fire that would not let it go. Suddenly, its horns released a powerful silver radiance and the light enveloped its body for a second.

Bang!

The First Order goat's eyes flashed with joy as it broke free from the annoying vine but as it was about to continue fleeing south in search of a safe place for survival, it felt that this time not only one of its legs was trapped but two of its legs were trapped!

The First Order goat was furious and its horns once again released that bright silver radiance that covered its body in an instant. Although it was only for a brief second, the effect was phenomenal as the fiery vines broke out again.

But to the First Order goat's horror, not only did the same two fire vines from before reappear, but an extra one also appeared and caught its third leg and with a strong tug threw its body to the ground!

Wu Yijun gritted her teeth as she tried to use all her skills to the best of her ability. While the consumption of Mana was not high as she was only using her skills to restrain the enemies rather than to create powerful attacks capable of taking their lives, in the long run it would be too much for her to keep up this pace; probably 1 hr would be her limit if this continued like this but even then she had to focus at 200% or else she would let the beasts break through her defense encirclement.

Fortunately, she was not alone there.

Boom!

Wu Yijun noticed a shadow rising above her and as she looked up she saw Bai Zemin high in the sky. She caught a glimpse just in time as he slashed his greatsword downward in a mighty swing that shook the heavens.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!

No matter if it was First Order or Unclassified beast; no matter if it was First Order or Unclassified mutant plant; they were all torn into countless pieces as the huge air cannon formed from the terrifying atmospheric pressure of the ferocious swing of an object whose weight exceeded 6000 kilograms.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3