Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

While it was true that the blue-skinned evolved zombie had tried to flee after realizing that if it confronted the entire party of Bai Zemin it would end up dying, this did not necessarily mean that it was an intelligent creature. It was probably just a battle instinct in that the evolved zombie could sense which wars it could win and which ones it had no hope of victory in.

Since the world had become a kind of wild jungle, it was easy to assume that the evolved zombie, as an officially evolved creature, was capable of commanding zombies to some extent but only in relatively small numbers. This was natural, just as the adult lions were the leaders of the pack and led the smaller or weaker lions.

Probably, the evolved zombie did not want other zombies to be on the fourth floor because of the existence of this mutated plant as it was a treasure to it and it was probably worried that the plant would be taken away from it.

But there was a problem with this little plant and that was that while Bai Zemin was about 80% sure that it was a good treasure for the body, the other 20% was what was holding him back from eating one of its fruits.

80% versus 20% was a considerably higher amount, however, that 20% was not 0% and if Bai Zemin's guess was wrong then, just as Lilith had said, it was likely that his body would end up bursting into a blood mist and that was an idea he was not too pleased to imagine.

Wouldn't it be ridiculous to die from eating something he didn't know what it was instead of dying fighting? Of course, it wasn't as if he had any plans to die; but if he really had to die he didn't want a pathetic death like that.

"Lilith, don't you have a way of knowing if this mutated plant is good or not?" Bai Zemin looked at her and scratched his head not knowing what to do.

Lilith shrugged her shoulders and said in a helpless voice, "I am not an all-knowing existence. Bai Zemin, as I told you before, each world means a different world of probabilities and I can only help you with knowledge shared from other worlds... As for things specific and native from this world, that is something you will have to discover by yourself."

Bai Zemin was dumbfounded for a moment before forcing a smile and shook his head softly.

Forget it, I'll find a way. Bai Zemin thought as he took out an empty bottle and put in the earth from other plants in the room. Then he carefully removed the roots of the small mutated plant and moved it to its new home.

Bai Zemin pierced several holes in the plastic bottle using the sharp point of the treasure glove on his left hand and then stored the bottle with the plant inside into a separate small pocket of his backpack, making sure to leave a small part open to let the air and rays of sunlight penetrate.

Until he reached a safe place, this was all he could do temporarily.

"Bai Zemin, didn't we say we would all move together?"

Just as Bai Zemin had finished putting away the small mutated plant, a cold and indifferent voice containing a hint of reproach sounded from the entrance of the room.

Even without turning around Bai Zemin already knew to whom that cold but at the same time tranquilizing voice belonged.

He slowly stood up and slung his backpack over his shoulder before turning around and said with a smile, "Well, I saw that you all seemed to know each other, and I didn't want to interrupt your heartwarming meeting."

"You..." Shangguan Bing Xue wanted to say something but the reality was that it was in fact they were the ones who had dawdled for too long.

Seeing her silently admit defeat, Bai Zemin couldn't help but feel a little better about himself and without another word walked towards the exit.

"This! Wait a moment please!"

He wanted to leave as he had something important to do but apparently more people wanted to hold him back.

Bai Zemin turned around with a frown and looked at a girl whom he didn't know who was looking at him gratefully.

"Do I know you?"

"No... Well, you saved me before." Li Na walked over and bowed profusely as she thanked him through tears, "Thank you very, really very much for today earlier! If it wasn't for you killing all those horrendous zombies and getting that blue-skinned zombie out of the building... I'm afraid I could only starve to death locked in that room."

Bai Zemin saw that it wasn't just one girl, there were three more nodding and looking at him with eyes filled with gratitude. After a few seconds, he finally remembered that these girls were the ones in the room whose door was smashed down by him when he sent the evolved zombie flying with a kick.

"Ah, that? It's nothing." Bai Zemin smiled slightly and pointed at Shangguan Bing Xue while slowly saying, "If you want to thank someone, thank the president of the student association over there. I owed her a favor in the past and she used that favor to request my help or else it is unlikely that I would have risked fighting that evolved zombie."

Bai Zemin did not take credit he thought undeserved and directly pointed to the real "hero" here. However, the gaze of the four friends towards him did not change... Although Bai Zemin wondered if that look of gratitude would remain on their faces when they learned that he had thrown a person alive into the zombies to be eaten a few hours ago.

That was none of their business anyway and it wasn't like it hurt him either. Everyone was free to do as they pleased and even more so in this new world.

"By the way, Shangguan Bing Xue." Bai Zemin turned around to leave before he remembered something and paused for a moment as he said, "Tomorrow, I'll start clearing the path in a southerly direction to leave the university." Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Shangguan Bing Xue knew what he meant even without him saying anything else. She remained silent for quite some time, apparently considering a few things before raising her head again to look at him and slowly saying, "Why don't you wait another day or two?"

"Oh? And why?" Bai Zemin raised an eyebrow slightly confused but not angry since from what he had seen of her so far, Shangguan Bing Xue was a woman who 90% of the time was rational and clear thinking. Therefore, he was willing to listen to her opinion and ideas.

"Remember the giant beetle? We still need to take care of that and while clearing the path to the exit will take some time at least we need a day or two to find someone willing to taste the meat first." Shangguan Bing Xue paused for a moment before continuing, "Besides, where Qiao Long was staying were the keys of the school buses so we can use them to leave as long as we make our way to the parking lot. But even then we need to make some adjustments to the windows."

Bai Zemin's eyes lit up slightly upon hearing Shangguan Bing Xue's reason as he had heard something that mattered more to him than the beetle's meat at the moment.