Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 597 - Temporarily Impossible To Achieve

Of course, Bai Zemin had no idea what naughty thoughts his kind housekeeper had in mind. But regardless of what Qin Ming might be thinking, he had quite important reasons for seeking out Wu Yijun in the middle of the night rather than lustful thoughts or anything similar.

He walked through the streets of the place that in the future would be one of the cities prepared for mankind to survive in the apocalypse and noticed very clearly that everything was much cleaner and tidier compared to when he left this morning. Bai Zemin was really pleased with the job his subordinates were doing.

There were several patrols constantly moving through the territory. After all, although many tents had been erected in separate areas according to the level of nobility and social status in the faction, trouble was inevitable when there were large crowds of trouble.

Fortunately, since Bai Zemin and Wu Yijun lived in the central area, it took him no more than 3-4 minutes to reach her tent.

"Leader!"

"Leader!"

The two soldiers with light machine guns immediately made a military greeting when they saw the shadow of Bai Zemin walking towards them.

Not all the soldiers knew Bai Zemin's face, but these two knew him very well since they were the two in charge of "protecting" Wu Yijun's living area. While she was powerful enough to protect herself and probably only a lunatic would try to sneak into the central area of the faction where the strongest rested, Wu Yijun, as well as the rest, had no time to waste with minor matters.

"Em." Bai Zemin returned the two men's greeting and easily passed beyond the restricted area.

Walking about 50 meters further, he finally arrived in front of Wu Yijun's tent and knocked on the door softly before stepping back and waiting patiently.

The two men looked at each other and both smiled lasciviously when they saw Bai Zemin knocking on the wooden door Wu Yijun had placed in her tent. Why in the world would a young man visit a beautiful single woman in the middle of the night? The two soldiers naturally drew their own conclusions on the matter.

Bai Zemin also had no way of knowing the thoughts of the two soldiers or else he might spit out two liters of blood and die thinking they were all fucking perverts.

A few seconds later, a slightly grumpy voice sounded from inside the tent:

"Who is it?" 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Bai Zemin blinked a little in surprise. After all, this was the first time he had heard Wu Yijun so grumpy. However, after he thought about it for a moment, he finally understood; in a few minutes, the clock would strike 1 am, and probably no one would be happy if their door was knocked on at that time.

He coughed a little awkwardly and said aloud, "Wu Yijun, it's me, Bai Zemin. If you are resting then forget it, we can chat early later on."

* * *

Inside the tent, Wu Yijun was wearing white bunny pajamas; the pajamas even had two long ears that looked soft and fluffy urging people to touch them. She was in a bit of a bad mood for not being able to see her loved one all day and was currently eating a sweet chocolate bar to try to sweeten her bitter heart.

Hearing someone knocking on her door, she wasn't even going to answer. However, after a few seconds of second thoughts, Wu Yijun realized that for the two guards to let someone walk through then that person not only had to be trustworthy but should also be of a fairly high rank.

"Who is it?" she responded unable to help but sound grumpy.

"Wu Yijun, it's me, Bai Zemin. If you're resting then forget it, we can chat early later on."

Wu Yijun blinked stupefied as she heard the voice of the person on the other side of the door. Even in her dreams she would not mistake that voice so naturally, that person did not need to identify himself.

Suddenly, she felt him start to move with the intention of moving away and realizing that she had been silent too long Wu Yijun automatically jumped out of her bed and exclaimed loudly, "Bai Zemin! W- Wait a minute!"

Bai Zemin had not even taken five steps when the door behind him opened a millisecond after he stopped upon hearing the voice of Wu Yijun.

He looked over his shoulder and his expression became a bit weird.

"Don't worry, I wasn't sleeping at all." Wu Yijun was panting as if she had run a marathon even though it had only been a few meters; that's how anxious she had become a moment ago.

Bai Zemin cleared his throat and finally turned to look at her. Then, he pointed and asked cautiously, "May I come in? I need to have a talk with you."

"O- Of course..." Wu Yijun took a step back and stepped aside as she invited him in with a wave of her hand.

Bai Zemin walked past her and couldn't stop the corner of his lips from moving up slightly as he whispered softly, "By the way, that's a very cute set of pajamas."

Wu Yijun froze, and after a few seconds, she stiffly lowered her head to look at what she was wearing. She even stretched out both hands to the top of her head, feeling the two long fluffy ears.

Her face turned as red as an apple and Wu Yijun had never in her life wished to disappear from the face of the earth as strongly as she did now. She was wearing such childish clothes in front of the man she was trying to charm! For heaven's sake!

Wu Yijun scolded herself. She had decided to start being more of a woman in all aspects after seeing Lili at the pool but here she was, dressing like a little child!

'It seems I can't change my core so easily after all.' She sighed in her heart before closing the door behind her.

Of course, Wu Yijun didn't know that her innocence and purity were precisely the two main factors why Bai Zemin liked her so much. At the end of the day, seductive and charming women could be found everywhere in this world but a pure-hearted woman like her was definitely a very pleasant rarity to find.

Bai Zemin looked around the interior and realized that despite being just a temporal tent it was actually very nicely decorated. There was a lot of greenery; plants of all kinds, beautiful flowers, seeds of different colors, etc. The smell of nature was really nice to feel.

"By the way, what's this?" he said pointing to a strange tree about 80 centimeters tall.

"Oh, that one?" Wu Yijun seemed to get a bit enthusiasm when it came to plants. She walked over to the blue tree and touched the strange blue fingernail-sized seeds as she said in a low voice, "This mutant plant was found by our botany team and is quite popular nowadays among the upper echelons of our Transcendent faction. Thanks to its ability to dimly illuminate the environment without hurting the eyesight, many wish to have one... but it is quite expensive due to its rarity. Its name is Lazuri Tree due to the color of its light."

Bai Zemin nodded silently.

Practically the entire living room of the tent was illuminated by this mutant tree. This opened the eyes of Bai Zemin even more to the fact that there were countless things that he did not yet know and would probably know as time went by.

The reason he had no knowledge of this mutant tree was because it was not important enough for anyone to bother to tell him. After all, the number of mutant plants studied on a daily basis was too large, and if Bai Zemin had to be informed of each and every one of them, then he wouldn't have time for anything other than reading reports.

"By the way, Wu Yijun." He finally looked at her and decided to go to the core of the reason why he came all the way here late at night, "Have you heard from the lab any news regarding the vaccine? I know we've been moving continuously so there probably hasn't been time for much, but the curiosity was killing me."

Vaccine? Wu Yijun blinked before something clicked in her memory.

Not to Bai Zemin's surprise, she shook her head and said a little bitterly, "I'm afraid not. But from what I was informed today, we may not have the necessary equipment to create a vaccine."

"Eh?"

This was a development that Bai Zemin had not expected. His faction had quite a bit of research and development equipment that had been found in different parts of Yanqing District so he honestly believed that with all that they should be able to make something good. Now it seemed that things were not so simple.

Wu Yijun seemed to know his thoughts as she quickly explained, "Although our lab has good equipment, it is not state of the art. Liao Su's blood is too strange and every time our team of scientists and chemists try to bond it with zombie blood or anything else it simply separates on its own as if it has a mind of its own."

Bai Zemin frowned and his mind was a bit foggy on this matter. Although he had been a student of biology in the past, chemistry was never particularly his strong suit. Besides, it was true that biology today was not the same as it was two and a half months ago.

Not to mention the fact that Liao Su's blood was far from normal, as Wu Yijun had just pointed out.

"The stem cells in Liao Su's blood are too protective and develop at such an abnormal rate that they don't allow time to react with another component before moving away." Wu Yijun continued, "Still, it is good that he did not take his own life. According to the leader in charge of the lab, the regenerative and mutative capacity of the stem cells in Liao Su's blood disappears after a few hours, so, if he hadn't made this sacrifice for the sake of everyone, mankind would probably have missed a great opportunity."

Earlier, Bai Zemin had caught another zombie and reconverted it into a human. Unfortunately, that reconvert did not possess Immune Blood and instead possessed an active skill called Steel Claw. This reconvert was currently being trained and quietly observed after joining the forces of the Second Brigade of the Blood Lance Legion as his strength was highly prized. However, this fact caused Liao Su's value to skyrocket from Bai Zemin's point of view.

"Forget it then." He said after some consideration, "We will soon get another lab equipment and if we are lucky it will be of better quality than what we currently have. Maybe, that will help with the vaccine elavoration."

"Oh? You found new chemistry equipment on your outing today?" Wu Yijun asked carefully as she studied Bai Zemin's reaction, worried that he may have encountered bad news in the search for his loved ones.

However, Bai Zemin's expression was neither sad nor happy when he looked at her. He was silent for a few seconds before saying in a deep voice, "Wu Yijun. Although I am not 100% sure, I am at least 90% sure that I found the base that your father leads."

Wu Yijun's expression froze before her eyes trembled uncontrollably. She reached forward and clutched at Bai Zemin's shirt as she asked in a trembling voice, "You.... My father is really alive...?"

Wu Yijun was no different from Bai Zemin in the family aspect. She was very close to her father, mother, grandfather, and some uncles and aunts. Therefore, Wu Yijun had been praying every night for the safety of all of them.

So, now that there seemed to be important news regarding her father and mother, Wu Yijun's heart naturally trembled.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3