Chapter 599: Wu Keqian (part 1)

The group composed of seven soul evolvers with Bai Zemin at the head moved in a straight line most of the way and only started to move in irregular patterns once they got close enough to the base where the China Renaissance faction was located. After all, according to the information Evangeline obtained from the female soul evolver, Wu Keqian had opened more than five armories and three military bases that had not yet been found by anyone else.

It could not be excluded that perhaps the group known as China Renaissance had drones or any kind of smaller unmanned vehicles to investigate the ground from the skies. While the current Bai Zemin group was powerful, they were lacking in the technological aspect and mankind's technology could not be completely ignored if they did not want any bad surprises.

Therefore, although they were still more than 200 kilometers away, the group slowed down in order to avoid attracting too much attention and stopped moving in a straight line as if they knew the exact place they were aiming for.

About two hours later, the seven finally spotted the giant monster standing proudly in the distance. Moreover, now that the sun was shining brightly high in the sky, Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue managed to see two large national flags flapping vigorously; one on each side of the north gate of the base.

The reactions of Chen He and the rest were even worse when compared to the reactions Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue had yesterday when they first saw the base. However, Bai Zemin's next words served to clear their minds quicker than usual:

"Remember. From now on and until this operation is considered completed, I am only Bai Zemin to others. Unless we are alone, no slips can be allowed. Is that clear?"

"Roger!"

"Yes!"

"Okay!"

...

The seven of them stopped charging at full speed and barely walked as they acted surprised at the sight of the large walls rising hundreds of meters into the sky. Well, it wasn't like they were really acting as most of them were genuinely surprised since this was the first time in their lives that they saw such a huge wall if they ignored the magnificent Chinese Wall.

"Stop!"

Suddenly, more than ten soul evolvers jumped down from the top of the wall and approached in an imposing manner. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Several soul evolvers raised magic staffs or bone bows and arrows in warning from the top of the wall. In addition, five Type 71 heavy machine guns were aimed at the group of seven.

There was also no shortage of armed soldiers raising their guns on high alert as if they were about to face a great enemy. The tension was in the air and it seemed that only a small button needed to be pressed for the entire base to go into all-out war mode.

However, neither Bai Zemin nor any of those standing next to him were surprised by this fact. After all, all seven of them were soul evolvers and anyone who wasn't an idiot knew perfectly well that a single soul evolver could easily wipe out an entire battalion if it was powerful enough; in fact, a soul evolver with a single destructive magic skill could wipe out half of this wall in a second.

Therefore, it was no wonder that upon seeing the appearance of seven people who did not dress like normal civilians all reacted cautiously and alertly.

Bai Zemin stopped and a moment later everyone stopped beside him.

"Hahahaha the performance of you seven is really pitiful!" Lilith's voice rang in Bai Zemin's head and it seemed like she was really laughing from the bottom of her heart as she said, "I can tell from miles away that the expressions of panic and surprise are pure lies!"

The corner of Bai Zemin's mouth twitched slightly for an instant before he regained his composure. He scanned the approaching group and it didn't take him long to identify the leader.

"Brothers and sisters, my name is Ling Ming. May I know where you come from and what you seek?"

The leader was a small man and his head was perhaps a little too large for his body size. However, the weirdest thing was that this man was carrying a giant sword which, besides being comical due to the size difference, also made him look more dangerous than normal.

This character's name was Ling Ming and he was currently a First Order soul evolver level 46. Ling Ming was in charge of the entire south gate and had been mobilized here to replace the previous leader after an event that happened last night in which an unknown character whose face was never revealed appeared, captured one of them, and then disappeared without a trace.

This fact was also another reason why everyone was so alert and the main reason why Ling Ming kept a certain distance while everyone kept their alert states at maximum.

The seven of them, as if they had trained him a million times, looked at Chen He.

This kind of movement naturally did not go unnoticed by the soul evolvers belonging to the Chinese Renaissance. Ling Ming immediately focused on Chen He and labeled him as the leader of the group.

Chen He cleared his throat and said loudly, "Brother Ling, how are you? My name is Chen He. We are a group of survivors who came from Yanqing District and recently arrived in Changping District which is why we had no idea that there was a base in this place."

"What?!"

"Impossible!"

"Yanqing District? Bullshit!"

...

The reactions of the soul evolvers next to Ling Ming were truly wonderful. The expressions on their faces were comical, to say the least, but it was certainly understandable.

Ling Ming was also stunned and his mouth hung slightly open as he looked at Chen He as if he was crazy. However, he quickly regained his composure and shouted loudly, "Shut up! All of you, be quiet!"

Bai Zemin watched the response of the group in front of him and a glint of appreciation flashed in his analytical gaze. When Ling Ming shouted his order, they all followed it with barely a second or two of delay; this kind of reaction speed was really wonderful and it was clear that all of them had either been military in the past or had been undergoing strict military training during this lapse of time.

Bai Zemin couldn't help but think how good it would be if these troops were his own. His strength would surely skyrocket considerably.... If the members of Bai Zemin's group knew that he was thinking of such things even without even setting foot inside the base they probably wouldn't know whether to laugh or cry.

Ling Ming looked Chen He up and down and said in a deep voice, "Brother Chen He, please don't joke.... Yanqing District is on the other side of the East Sea and to cross the East Sea you would need to at least have annihilated two or three million zombies."

Ling Ming's words were naturally true and the reaction of each of them was completely normal. After all, if someone told Chen He that a group of seven people managed to cross an entire district and in the process slaughter millions of enemies he would definitely curse that person out loud.

However, the reality was that Chen He was not lying. It was just that he knew that words would get no one anywhere so he was currently considering whether he should show his strength or not.

Just as Chen He hesitated, a person stepped forward; it was Shangguan Bing Xue.

Everyone's gazes automatically focused on her and the place immediately went completely silent.

While it was normal to see beautiful women as time passed and each of the female soul evolvers grew in terms of power, Shangguan Bing Xue's beauty was simply transcendent. One did not need to be a genius or an excessively observant person to realize that she was not only beautiful thanks to evolution but that in the past she should definitely belong to the femme fatale category.

Taking advantage of that brief moment, she extended her right hand back and coolly said, "Freeze."

Immediately after that, something happened that froze everyone's blood; not only Ling Ming's group that had gone out to stop the group of seven but also froze the blood of all those on top of the walls and those hiding in different areas.

Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack!....

The constant crackling loudly rumbled the floor and the temperature of the place plummeted in less than a second. Not even the mighty Ling Ming could comprehend what was happening before a breathtaking, beautiful, but still terrifying scene appeared before his eyes.

Everything approximately 1000 meters in front and another 1000 meters wide became a huge skating rink. The lush green grass that covered not a small part of the ground, the laboriously dug ditches that served as a means to stop the careless advance of the enemies, the obstacles that had been placed there... Everything froze!

Ling Ming looked at Shangguan Bing Xue in shock and when his eyes met that ice-cold gaze he felt as if his soul was being pulled out of his body not only because of how beautiful those blue eyes were but also because of the glint of hidden danger that flashed occasionally in them.

Ling Ming and anyone else could tell that the beautiful woman in front of them was even holding back as her face was not sickly pale like when a soul evolver spent huge amounts of Mana abruptly!

If this woman could launch this kind of attack, then it would definitely be possible to take out a few million zombies in a month's time, and if she received help from the people beside her, it would definitely be a lot faster!

But what shocked Ling Ming even more was that Shangguan Bing Xue was not the leader of the group despite her strength! Therefore, when Ling Ming looked at Chen He, he couldn't help but wonder how terrifying the handsome young man in front of him was.

"Brother Ling, we really aren't looking for problems." Chen He took the opportunity that Shangguan Bing Xue's performance had created and said in a friendly voice, "We are just looking for a place to rest and while we're at it, we would like to know if the family of one of our members is here."

Ling Ming looked at Chen He and a sparkle of hesitation shone in his eyes. If a group as powerful as this one joined them, the entire China Renaissance faction would become much stronger in an instant. However, it was also true that allowing such powerful existences in was dangerous.

Basically, Ling Ming was hesitating whether he should pick up this double-edged sword or not.

As he hesitated, his eyes traveled through each of the group of seven and watched everyone carefully. However, when his eyes landed on Wu Yijun, his movements stopped for a moment before he shook his head as if what he was thinking was not possible.

However, Ling Ming's face suddenly changed as he remembered what Chen He had just told him and to confirm hurriedly asked, "Wait a second. You all... You guys said you come from Yanqing District?"

"That's right." Chen He nodded with a serious expression on his face.

Ling Ming looked at Wu Yijun and hesitantly asked, "This.... May I ask this lady's name?"

Ling Ming was actually a Captain of the Chinese army in the past and was in charge of practically 1/3 of the 17th Armored Battalion of Changping District. He had met Wu Keqian once about 10 years ago, who at that time had not yet become the Mayor of Changping District and was just the mayor of a small sub-district.

That time, Wu Keqian was visiting the military base where Ling Ming worked and only by coincidence managed to see him. But the main thing was that at that time, Wu Keqian was not alone; he was with his wife and his little daughter who at that time was maybe a little over 10 years old.

Besides, he had seen a picture of Wu Yijun recently so when he saw the young beauty in front of him he thought: 'Could be...'.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3