Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 608: Bai Zemin Vs Bai Delan

"Zemin, draw your weapon!" Bai Delan shouted loudly without hiding at all the fact that he knew Bai Zemin. His aura grew and in an instant, his body swelled increasing its size by approximately 50% compared to its previous one.

"Weapon?" Bai Zemin chuckled and spread his arms wide. Then, he extended his fists to the front and said in amusement, "My two fists are my only two weapons!"

Fists?

When everyone looked at Bai Zemin's hands they almost fell to the ground when they saw that there wasn't even a pair of leather gloves to cover his bare hands... Was he suggesting that he would fight with his bare hands against a sharp sword? Everyone thought that young man was crazy, and rightly so considering that even the weakest sword forged from post-apocalypse materials was easily superior to almost any other weapon of the past.

However, Bai Delan thought differently from the others.

Even though he was also a bit skeptical and was as surprised as the rest, Bai Delan soon laughed out loud and nodded: "Alright then! Don't get hurt too much, kid! Otherwise, your mother will get mad at me!"

He knew his son better than anyone else. Bai Delan knew that while Bai Zemin was sometimes a bit arrogant and in this case he seemed to be too arrogant, he always acted based on his actual ability, and never once in his life did he step outside his limits.

"Then you'd better let me defeat you easily or I'll tell mom to make you sleep on the couch tonight!" Bai Zemin laughed out loud and with the heart free of worries stomped on the ground, lunging forward like a cannonball.

"Brat... See if I don't kick your ass!" Bai Delan snorted and seeing his son charge towards him he didn't even hesitate for a second as he swung his sword downwards.

Bai Zemin didn't activate any skills, Bai Delan didn't either.

Father and son aspired to test each other's strength; especially Bai Delan, he was really interested to know how strong his son currently was.

Clang!

The sound of metal clanging against metal echoed loudly throughout the ruined arena and a shockwave approximately 10 meters in diameter spread outward, cutting through the ground and raising dirt in the form of dust.

However, what made everyone's eyes widen was that what collided was not metal against metal but flesh and bone against a sword! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

"... What skill is that?" Bai Delan asked with wide eyes when he realized that his son in front of him was in perfect condition. There wasn't even a drop of blood on his fist firmly pressed against the edge of his sword.

"It's a passive one. I'll tell you later." Bai Zemin had no intention of hiding anything that could strengthen his family, but he couldn't speak so casually in this place either so he simply said as much.

"Sure." Bai Delan naturally understood the thoughts of his son and without hesitation nodded. Although he was actually curious about what kind of passive skill could make one's skin become strong enough to withstand the edge of a sword with 99 physical attack points, he knew that this was not the right moment.

"But... Father, if that's all you have, you'd better give up!" Bai Zemin shouted lightly and put a little more Strength into his right fist.

The expression on Bai Delan's face changed slightly but before he could do anything his body was pushed back so hard that his legs left two long trenches over 20 meters long before he could finally stop.

'What's wrong with that shitty sword?' Bai Zemin frowned slightly and suddenly felt dissatisfied in his heart.

He had already realized that his father was a level 43 soul evolver so Bai Zemin was trying his best to limit his stats to normal parameters. While it was impossible to avoid the effect of passive skills, the fact that he was able to force Bai Delan back so easily was in large part due to the fact that the weapon of the former was only mediocre, to say the least.

Was the Chinese Renaissance such a stupid faction that they wouldn't even give good equipment to someone so powerful? What was Wu Yijun's father thinking?

"Father, be careful!" Bai Zemin warned in a serious voice and without waiting for a reply he rushed forward once again.

Bai Delan didn't even have time to react when his son appeared in front of him. With no other choice, he gritted his teeth and held his sword in front of his chest.

Bang!

Once again, Bai Delan found himself helplessly retreating in the face of Bai Zemin's brute strength. His eyes trembled slightly as he felt his right hand go slightly numb and a flash of disbelief glinted in his gaze.

One should have known that with his skill Power Booster, Bai Delan could fight a level 45-46 mutant beast with no problem... but he was still being forced back by his son with bare hands!

Again, Bai Zemin charged forward and like an unstoppable machine began raining blows on his father.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!....

The seconds passed quickly and in an instant 40 seconds had elapsed since the father-son duo had begun to fight. During that time, Bai Delan was being dragged to blows all over the ruined arena helplessly under Bai Zemin's relentless fists.

"For the love of god..."

"That guy... Bai Zemin, that dude is really beating Bai Delan!"

Hearing the words filled with disbelief and surprise from the other leaders beside him, Huang Tian couldn't help but his eyes flashed brightly. Unlike most, he had realized that every punch Bai Zemin threw was completely intended to test Bai Delan's limits, increasing in power ever so slightly each time to the point of being almost completely unnoticeable.

On the other hand, Zhong De and Nangong Lingxin exchanged glances. They both chuckled before looking back at the reunion battle between the father and son that had been separated by fate.

"Hahahahahaha!" Bai Delan laughed out loud and his eyes flashed brightly as he stepped back again, barely standing upright and with both hands shaking fiercely.

Bai Zemin stopped and asked dumbfounded, "Father, what are you laughing at?"

"Hahahaha! How could I not laugh?" Bai Delan didn't wait for Bai Zemin to attack and instead charged after activating his First Order Fast Movement skill.

Clang!

Bai Zemin's palm stopped his father's sword slash and the two men's eyes met for an instant.

"How could I not be happy when you, my son, has turned into such a splendid man!" The eyes of Bai Delan sparkled and his words subconsciously caused Bai Zemin to waver his stance a little, which forced him to take several steps back.

"Brat, this will be my last assault of the day!" Bai Delan shouted before roaring like a beast.

Bai Zemin's eyes widened slightly in surprise as his father's body swelled even more than it already was. Then, under his curious stare, many fiery red hairs covered Bai Delan's face and part of his arms and legs.

"I can only maintain this skill for 1 minute at most due to my low Mana." The voice of Bai Delan was much deeper and huskier compared to his normal voice now that he had transformed into something similar to a wild beast. "Zemin, be careful. With this skill, even a level 49 soul evolver would be crushed to death if it underestimates me too much!"

Bai Zemin closed his eyes and a faint smile slowly formed at the corner of his mouth.

He was really happy that his father was so strong, and now he partially understood the reason why his family seemed to be doing well. Moreover, he also understood the reason why Wu Keqian told him earlier that in the notebook that Bai Zemin gave him he saw the name of an important person for the Chinese Renaissance.

With the power to fight against peak First Order existences, Bai Delan proved to not only be powerful but also proved to be an extremely brave man who was probably fighting to exhaustion since day 1 to protect his loved ones.

'I'd better stop here' Bai Zemin thought with a smile before charging forward with his heart completely free of worries.

His goal from start to finish had been to test the limits of his father, now that he had done it, there was no need to continue to push any further. The most important thing was that Bai Zemin had already proven to possess a battle power equivalent to a level 46-47 soul evolver and he was sure that this news would soon reach Wu Keqian's ears.

There was no need to expose himself anymore. He would let Shangguan Bing Xue, Chen He, and the others take the glare and draw attention while he played his cards calmly.

His family was here, by his side. What was the hurry then? It wouldn't hurt to get some rest after so much tedious fighting and planning.

Boom!

The fists of Bai Zemin and Bai Delan met in the air, generating a powerful shockwave that spread far enough to push those weaker ones who were 200 meters away even further back.

This time it was not Bai Delan who retreated but Bai Zemin.

Just as his son had done before, Bai Delan did not give him time to rest because as if he had truly lost all rationality he turned into a cannonball and slammed down ferociously once again.

Boom!

This time, Bai Zemin was sent flying more than 20 meters but before he touched the ground after his feet came off solid land he supported himself with his hands and did a spinning kick to meet the attack of his father again.

Bang!

Bai Zemin was forced back further and further until it reached a point where he could barely defend himself from the relentless attacks of Bai Delan.

Seeing this, Huang Tian finally let out a sigh of relief and released all the tension he was holding back. He was a level 50 soul evolver in the evolution process and could barely fight against Bai Delan in his current state; if Bai Zemin really could force this Bai Delan to retreat even in his current state, then Huang Tian might have a hard time maintaining his position if his superiors did not fear that Bai Zemin would betray them.

A minute later, the skill First Order Mutation level 5 in Bai Delan's possession was forcibly deactivated when he was unable to provide the necessary Mana.

Bai Zemin was panting heavily and his arms fell weakly at his sides. Seeing him like this, Bai Delan nodded and said in a soft voice, "Can we call this a draw?"

Bai Zemin straightened his posture "with great difficulty" and nodded with a smile, "Let's leave it at that for today... I'll kick your ass another day."

"You'll have to be born again first, kid." Bai Delan shook his head and chuckled.

Even though he wasn't openly showing it, the pride in his gaze every time his eyes fell on the body of his son Bai Zemin was abundantly clear to anyone who knew him well enough. Bai Delan was incredibly pleased and proud of the son life gave him and he was sure his wife would be even more so when she saw him later on.

"Wonderful!" Huang Tian approached the duo clapping noisily and looked at Bai Zemin admiringly, "Bai Zemin, you really are the son of Delan. A tiger father has no dog son after all!"

Bai Zemin bowed very slightly with a smile in respect as he could feel that the words of Huang Tian came from the bottom of his heart when he praised his father; this fact alone was enough for him to respect someone weaker than him.

Suddenly, Bai Delan looked at Huang Tian and said in a deep voice something that surprised Bai Zemin and everyone listening:

"Guild leader Huang, I would like to cede my position as the leader of team number 15 to my son Zemin."

"Eh?" Huang Tian looked at Bai Delan in shock.

In fact, the eyes of Bai Zemin also widened due to disbelief and he quickly interjected, "Father, what are you-"

"All right, I've already taken my decision."

Bai Delan cut his son off on the spot, leaving Bai Zemin not knowing whether to laugh or cry as he knew that when his father got like this there was no room to argue at all.

"I think the strength of my son has been proven today." Bai Delan said looking at Huang Tian. "My son made it all the way from the distant Yanqing District. I'm sure he has more experience than me when it comes to hunting missions or fighting in the mutant forests."

Bai Delan did not know how difficult his son's life had been. However, just one look into his eyes was enough for him as a father to vaguely realize that the current Bai Zemin was completely different from his former self.

No matter how much Bai Zemin pretended, the noble and dangerous aura that surrounded him was hard to hide from someone who saw him born and grow up.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3