Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 614 - Meng Qi: A Heaven-sent gift intended for Bai Zemin

"Bing Xue?" Meng Qi looked at Bai Zemin in confusion before something clicked in her head. She put on an expression of someone who had just received enlightenment from heaven and calmly said, "Is this person someone who came alongside you all the way from afar?"

"Yeah." Bai Zemin nodded with a smile and said confidently, "Bing Xue is one of the few people I trust with all my heart. She may look cold on the outside but few know that this coldness actually hides kindness and gentleness, not only is she smart and works harder than most but she also doesn't hesitate to get hurt in order to help her comrades on the battlefield and even if she dies she will definitely not let anyone who has entrusted her with their life fall before her… Meng Qi, I'm sure that if you two get to know each other, you will eventually get along well."

Meng Qi looked at Bai Zemin in surprise and subconsciously reached out her small hand to feel the temperature of his forehead.

"… What are you doing?" Bai Zemin raised an eyebrow.

"Mm… There's really no fever." She took a step back before pointing out calmly, "To think that there would come a day when my big brother would unhesitatingly praise a woman in such a way… Now I'm really curious about this person whose name is Bing Xue."

Meng Qi was aware that to Bai Zemin women were creatures he did not trust. Even if he smiled or joked with a girl, Meng Qi knew in his heart that there was no way he would trust any of them after someone played with his feelings. Therefore, now that she had heard Bai Zemin himself say that he wholeheartedly trusted in a girl and had even praised her openly, Meng Qi really wanted to see what kind of person the woman named 'Bing Xue' was.

"By the way, Meng Qi."

"Mm?" She came out of her inner thoughts and looked at Bai Zemin asking him to continue.

Bai Zemin looked at the snow-white dog in front of him and said with a frown, "Why is Little Snow only level 24? Considering she's a mutant beast, if dad takes her to hunt with him she should be at least level 36 if not more by now…"

"Oh… About that…" Meng Qi sighed and while stroking the big white dog's fur she calmly explained, "Even though Little Snow is a peaceful mutant beast, the characteristic of being peaceful doesn't detract from the fact that she is a mutant beast in anyone's eyes. Big brother, try to imagine what would happen if the survivors living inside this base saw a mutant beast running around the streets freely."

Bai Zemin frowned tightly at the thought and subconsciously nodded, "Indeed… You could say that considering your logical reasoning the fact that Little Snow can stay here is already a big wonder."

"It's all because dad has a pretty big status within the base and it also helped that the Wu Family owed me a favor." Meng Qi said indifferently. "Although they let us keep her in our house, they made it clear that if something bad happens then our family would have to bear with the consequences."

"… Basically, if someone is attacked by Little Snow, the consequences could be severe." Bai Zemin muttered under his breath.

"Yap." Meng Qi smiled slightly and continued, "But there's no need to worry. Our Little Snow is very kind to everyone, so unless they are real enemies she won't attack anyone, isn't that right, little one?"

Awooo

The big white dog let out a low howl similar to that of a Siberian dog to express her agreement with Meng Qi's words.

"Hehehe…"

"By the way, Meng Qi." Bai Zemin looked at his sister beside him and asked in confusion, "What do you mean the Wu Family owed you a favor?"

Meng Qi was a level 18 soul evolver, so her strength could not be underestimated either. However, in Bai Zemin's eyes, there was no way someone of that level could earn a favor from a family whose leader was a Second Order existence… Unless that someone had some special characteristics.

"Oh… It's actually not surprising at all." Meng Qi looked at Bai Zemin and before answering the question he had asked her, she asked him a question instead, "Big brother, I wonder if you saw that big magic circle before heading into the area where the privileged survivors live?"

"Em? Of course, I remember it." Bai Zemin nodded without even realizing it since he didn't need to think about an answer. "I've been curious about that magic circle since the first moment I saw it."

"Uh?" Meng Qi looked at him puzzled and asked, "Why would you be interested in that magic circle?"

"Ah…" Bai Zemin hesitated for a moment before saying half-heartedly but without lying, "I have my reasons, don't ask for now."

"Mmm…" Meng Qi narrowed her eyes and a peculiar light flashed in her stare; it was as if she was trying to see inside his head to see what he was thinking. However, it wasn't long before she shrugged, "Oh, well. Whatever, I guess."

Bai Zemin let out a sigh of relief in his heart. Although he was relieved that Meng Qi was comprehensive and didn't ask any more questions that would give him issues to answer, he knew better than anyone how cunning and perceptive his little sister could be under her sweet exterior.

"Anyway, regarding that magic circle." Meng Qi continued calmly as she brushed Little Snow's fur. "That thing is actually an Epic grade treasure called Unbreakable Field."

"Unbreakable Field?"

"Well, its name may be very flashy but it's actually not unbreakable at all." Meng Qi slowly explained, "According to rumors, Mayor Wu Keqian obtained this treasure after fighting to the death against a Second Order Golden Mouse. Unfortunately, this treasure could not be used by him or anyone else and it wasn't until father casually mentioned about my skill that this Unbreakable Field finally saw the light of the sun."

Meng Qi looked at Bai Zemin and realizing that he was looking at her intently as if expecting some surprising revelation, she couldn't help but feel embarrassed as she whispered softly, "Actually, it's nothing as surprising as you are imagining, big brother."

"Please continue." Bai Zemin nodded but the sparkle in his eyes did not decrease at all.

At the very least, Meng Qi was the bearer of an extremely rare skill, or else there was no way that only when her existence came to light would this Epic treasure finally be activated. From the point of view of Bai Zemin, rare skills with varied purposes were often thousands of times more valuable than combat skills; in his own faction, there were many weak soul evolvers, but he valued them as treasures because they possessed skills whose characteristics could make them the trigger to win a battle.

"As I was telling you… This Epic grade treasure called Unbreakable Field is actually a sheet of paper with a magic circle engraved in the center and some strange words at the bottom. To be activated, the treasure needed the user to read aloud those strange words. Unfortunately, none of those words seemed to be written in any language of our current era." Meng Qi paused and blushed as if embarrassed by what she was going to say next.

"Well… When I killed my first zombie, I obtained a skill called Language Mastery and until then I only obtained passive skills that I have used on myself or given to our parents. This skill, Language Mastery, is not good for anything other than being proficient in languages, even languages that I have never seen in my life, I can understand them all. So, when our father said that I possessed this skill, MayorWu personally visited our home and invited me to his villa to help him solve the problem of the useless treasure."

"In the end, I was surprised when I found out that I was actually able to activate the Epic grade treasure. Spreading 50 kilometers wide and 50 kilometers long, the effect of the Unbreakable Field treasure ensures that any building within that range cannot be destroyed no matter what unless a First Order existence personally attacks. It was also thanks to this treasure that the buildings in this place did not crash when the ground began to shake and-"

Meng Qi stopped dead in her tracks when she happened to glance to her side to see if Bai Zemin was looking at her with ridiculous or mocking eyes. Far from encountering such looks, what she found was her big brother standing there, dazedly staring at nothing.

Language Mastery…

Bai Zemin's head buzzed so loudly that his brain went blank as if someone had hit him in the back of the head with a stick.

His mind went blank as he tried to remember where he had heard those words before. However, he didn't have to dig far into his memory to discover that the first time Bai Zemin had heard those words was when he picked up a hammer for the first time since the beginning of the apocalypse; and it was none other than Lilith who mentioned to him about the skill Language Mastery.

Language Mastery, a skill that allowed the user to easily understand any language in existence just by seeing an engraving or hearing a word of X language but that could only be obtained by pure luck by those who single-handedly killed their first enemy… The core skill that was needed for an existence to become a Magic Rune Engraver!

"Meng Qi, you…" Bai Zemin sucked in a breath of cold air as he looked at the young girl in front of him. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"W- What?" Meng Qi felt a little awkward as she received such an attentive look as the one he was giving her.

"What did you say the name of your skill was?" Bai Zemin still couldn't believe that one of the two things he had been looking for the most all this time would actually appear in his younger sister's body.

"… Language Mastery…" Meng Qi finally realized that her skill might be extremely valuable to him from the way Bai Zemin was looking at her with flashing eyes. After repeating the name of her skill, she asked in a low voice, "Big brother, what-"

"Try to read this." Bai Zemin cut off Meng Qi's words and under her wide eyes made a scroll appear in the palm of his right hand.

"What-" Meng Qi looked at the scroll that suddenly appeared out of nowhere in shock. This was undoubtedly the first time she had seen such a strange skill like this and as if that wasn't enough it was in her big brother's body!

"Meng Qi!" Bai Zemin called out in a low voice.

"Y- Yes!" Meng Qi snapped out of her daydream upon hearing Bai Zemin's urgent call and put her own surprise aside as she carefully picked up the small, somewhat yellowish sheepskin scroll with both hands.

Pulling out the red ribbon carefully and unrolling the scroll very cautiously as she had realized that it was something important, the contents were finally revealed before Meng Qi's eyes.

"This… Big brother, this is the blueprint for building a weapon… Arcane Spear; you need to melt the steel completely, let it sit for 48 hours, mix the contents with at least thirty sheets of Silver Steel, and finally add the blood of a First Order creature before starting the forging process." Meng Qi paused and while looking at the scroll slowly said, "Here it also says the correct way to shape the spear, the temperature of the fire-"

Meng Qi's words were cut off as her body was lifted into the air by two powerful hands. The girl had never felt so safe and at the same time so helpless as she did now and as she watched the world around her spinning she heard her big brother's cheerful voice next to her:

"Hahahaha! Meng Qi, you really are a gift sent from the heavens especially for me!"