Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 617 - Polygamy & Female Instinct

Approximately 30 minutes after Bai Delan left the villa of the Wu Family and drove back home to make the most of every second with his family, several vehicles arrived at the villa of the Wu Family at the same time.

They were all military vehicles that had been modified to survive the apocalypse in such a way that even a First Order creature would not be able to tear through their defenses easily unless it was an existence with great attack power, thus increasing greatly the survivability of those who rode inside. However, such high-quality vehicles were unusual and only people of great prestige could use them.

When the doors of the various vehicles opened, the people getting out of them looked at each other for several seconds before one of them finally broke the silence.

"…For some reason, I'm not surprised." Chen He observed Shangguan Bing Xue and the rest with a knowing smile as he slowly said, "I guess you all also got good positions in your guilds?"

Shangguan Bing Xue simply nodded and commenced to take some things out of the vehicle so Wu Yijun took her place and replied with a somewhat proud smile on her face, " Actually, Bing Xue managed to become a team leader, and even though I might as well have done it, I decided to stay in the same team together with her."

Chen He chuckled and pointed to Cai Jingyi beside him, "Well, the same thing happened here. Although just like you, Cai Jingyi decided to stay on my team."

"It's easier that way." Cai Jingyi smiled slightly as she played with her dagger. "If we each get too far apart it will be harder to communicate and that will cause the plans we have to stall. Remember that Bai Zemin aims to conquer the entire country in less than a year so we can't stop too much here."

"Speaking of which, where is Bai Zemin and Zhong De?" Chen He looked at Nangong Lingxin who had just arrived in the same military vehicle that had taken them to the different areas where the entrance tests for each of the four guilds were being held.

Nangong Lingxin shrugged and replied calmly, "Zhong De said he would go for a walk and come back later. As for Bai Zemin, just like you guys he also became a team leader."

The expression on everyone's face was neutral as they listened to the words said by Nangong Lingxin. To anyone else listening this might be a great shock but to the people present it was natural.

However, what she said next shocked everyone.

"He barely arrived at the base but he already took his father's place."

The atmosphere remained silent for several seconds before Shangguan Bing Xue approached with an oversized sports bag. Her expression was cold so it was hard to tell what she was feeling as she casually asked, "Bai Zemin met his family?"

"Yeah." Nangong Lingxin nodded weakly. "His father is a really strong man, he can even fight a normal level 49 soul evolver for a minute without backing down at all even though he's only level 43. Even though I don't know about his mother and younger sister, from what I could gather earlier it seems like things are fine on that side."

"Oh? Looks like talent is hereditary?" Cai Jingyi chuckled before saying with relief in his voice, "But… It's really a relief… If his family wasn't here it would mean that they already… I don't even want to think about his reaction if that would have happened."

No one said anything at Cai Jingyi's last words. Honestly, none of them wanted to think about that possibility.

As they walked into her family's villa, Wu Yijun's mood immediately turned a little sour and both Chen He and Shangguan Bing Xue knew the reason perfectly well.

Yesterday, while the family of three was chatting and the two childhood friends were joining in as they were basically like part of the family, one of the maidservants of the villa came over to pour tea for everyone. However, that maid not only did not walk away after finishing her task but did not even stand in a corner waiting for a command; she simply sat down on another couch and proceeded to drink tea with a faint polite smile on her face.

In fact, although that maid was serving the tea, she was not actually wearing any uniform that would identify her as such. Therefore, Wu Yijun and Chen He's expressions spoke for themselves when they saw how the woman in front of them acted so familiar and so daring; even the indifferent Shangguan Bing Xue could not help but raise an eyebrow weakly at that moment.

In the past world before the advent of the Soul Record, a maid would never do that as it would cost her the job. In this world where there was nothing to prevent someone from claiming the life of another, if a maid disturbed the master of the house she could lose her head without even realizing what she had done wrong.

Therefore, the fact that this woman had dared to do such a thing and no less than in the house of the most powerful family in this whole human establishment and probably in the whole district was a big wonder to everyone.

However, the surprise was greater when feeling the looks of disbelief that the others were giving her, that maid looked at Wu Yijun's father and while referring to him by his first name asked him if he was not going to introduce her.

The shock that Wu Yijun received when her father with a clearly awkward expression explained to her that the beautiful "maid" was actually his wife was so huge that she did not know what to say and simply sat stunned looking at her father with her eyes wide open for more than two full minutes.

Not only Wu Yijun, Chen He and Shangguan Bing Xue were also in shock after hearing Wu Keqian himself saying those words.

"Yijun…" Chen He hesitated as he looked at her before saying in a low voice, "Although it is indeed a surprise, in this new world things like having more than one lover is completely normal. Look, doesn't that happen in our faction too? Even Nangong Yi has three women in his house."

Shangguan Bing Xue also tried to help ease the situation as she nodded: "Indeed… Besides, Yijun, the aunt didn't seem upset at all…"

"No," Wu Yijun shook her head without hesitation and bit her lower lip before saying in a low voice, "I know my mother, I know she is bitter about this fact. If she would agree then I would naturally have no complaints to say, but my father clearly knows better… Just because that woman is beautiful is he willing to make my mother unhappy? No, to begin with, isn't my mother beautiful too?"

Chen He and Shangguan Bing Xue exchanged glances and both noticed the impotence in each other's eyes. Not only did they not know what to do in this kind of situation, but it was also not right to poke their noses deep into another family's affairs; at the end of the day, no matter how close they were, both of them were not really members of Wu Yijun's family. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

As the group walked down the main corridor of the villa, Nangong Lingxin and Cai Jingyi naturally listened in silence without intervening in any way. The two women were quite indifferent in the aspect of multiple partners since in the Transcendent faction not only could men have more than one woman as a partner if they had the ability to support them but women could also have multiple men as partners if they had the ability.

As Chen He had just said, the old rules were useless in this new world so it was really useless to let the rules of the past still weigh on their hearts. This applied even more so for people such as them who would soon be becoming founding fathers of the new kingdom soon.

"Oh? I see you all are finally here."

The voice of Sun Ling brought everyone to a halt, and as they looked into the spacious living room, they saw her sitting in solitary with a slight smile on her face.

"Would you mind joining me for tea?" she held out her hand in invitation. "My husband received an urgent call from the command center so he probably won't be home until midnight."

Wu Yijun didn't even hesitate and walked to sit next to her mother, being followed by Chen He and Shangguan Bing Xue. As for Cai Jingyi and Nangong Lingxin, the two looked at each other for a moment before casually sitting down as well.

Sun Ling naturally noticed the hidden bitterness of her little princess. She couldn't help but smile lovingly and start stroking her hair silently for a few seconds before standing up to grab some cups from the luxurious piece of furniture located a short distance behind.

Chen He subconsciously followed her silhouette and couldn't help but gulp as he watched her waist sway sensually from side to side. Sun Ling's seductive body was hugged like a second skin by a long black dress with gold decorations that had a wide cut on the right side so that with every step she took not only her long leg but also part of her thigh was revealed.

Even Chen He couldn't help but wonder if Wu Yijun's father was a little crazy as hell. If it was him…

"Bloody pervert."

An extremely low murmur sounded next to him and as he looked to his right he saw Nangong Lingxin smiling slyly at him. Chen He blushed faintly but his expression did not change; still, he did not dare to look at Sun Ling again for fear of being discovered by the other people in the room.

As Sun Ling returned with several tea sets, Shangguan Bing Xue looked at the table in front of her curiously, and noticing her stare, Wu Yijun followed her eyes to see what she was looking at.

"Uh? Mother, was anyone else here?" Wu Yijun asked puzzled as she saw the untouched and still slightly warm cup of tea, which indicated that the other person had not left long before their arrival.

"Mmm…" Sun Ling did not immediately respond and instead began pouring tea for those present. After taking a seat and taking a sip of tea, she finally said in a joking tone, "An unexpected visitor, indeed. A powerful and brave man but he doesn't know how to appreciate drinking a fragrant cup of tea like this… Chen He, remember that to conquer a lady's heart you not only have to be powerful and brave, you also have to know how to enjoy and appreciate small details."

"Ha?" Chen He was dumbfounded.

In fact, everyone looked at Sun Ling without understanding at all what she was talking about.

Only Wu Yijun laughed and said quietly, "The pastime my mother loves most is creating different tastes of tea by mixing assorted leaves, and she's actually very good at it. Therefore, she is probably a little angry at the person who didn't drink her tea before leaving."

Shangguan Bing Xue took the cup of tea barely above her upper lip and absorbed its aroma for a few seconds. Her eyes sparkled with delight as she nodded and said calmly, "Indeed, this chamomile tea calms my mind with its fragrance itself. I can tell even without drinking it, it's a good tea."

"Hehe… It seems that we ladies have more sensitivity than men when it comes to this sort of matter." Sun Ling let out a chuckle before taking another sip of tea and setting the cup down on the small saucer on top of the table. Then, taking the opportunity, she casually asked, "By the way, although I chatted with Yijun a bit yesterday I still don't know the whole story. Do you mind if you share with this old lady your experiences on your way here? I'm sure after traveling thousands of miles in this world you didn't have time to get bored."

"Uh? But, mother… I gave you a summary of the most important things yesterday, didn't I?" Wu Yijun couldn't help but point out after feeling that her mother's request was a bit weird.

"You said it, that was a summary." Sun Ling gently ruffled her daughter's hair before pointing out gently, "This time, what I want to know is the whole picture… Or at least as detailed as possible. Can you join me? It's not like we have anything to do before everyone goes back to their rooms, is it? I really want to know more about the experiences my princess and her friends went through during this time."

Wu Yijun looked at the others and seeing that they all shrugged their shoulders finally began to narrate. She was not afraid that something bad would happen since before coming here Bai Zemin had given them a story to tell so that even if someone asked them the same question separately they would all answer the same thing without leaving any traces of lies in sight.

But in fact, Sun Ling aspired more to know the kind of person Bai Zemin was. After all, Bai Delan's words were still floating in her head and she couldn't get them out even if she wanted to.

She had personally felt Bai Zemin's Soul Power before so she firmly believed that his level was between 39 and 40. However, Sun Ling also knew that there were some abnormally strong people capable of fighting existences beyond their levels and she was fully confident that Bai Zemin was one of those people.

Although she did not believe that he could stand up to her brother or her husband, her instinct as a woman was quite high and for some reason went against her natural rationale; this was one of the reasons why Sun Ling really took Bai Delan's words to heart more than she normally would.