Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Both Bai Zemin and Lilith remained in absolute silence as they continued to stare at the green message flashing in his retina, it was almost as if they were waiting for the message to change as a roadside promotional message would. Too bad, reality was what was before them and it could not be changed.

"Hey, Miss Higher Existence." Bai Zemin couldn't help but look at Lilith and ask with a frown, "What's up with this? How can I possibly be given a crazy mission like that?"

Asking an unranked existence to defeat and kill a First Order creature was already crazy enough but this was another level!

Lilith took a deep breath, causing her already prominent breasts to puff out even more as if they wanted to break free from the thin piece of silky cloth that cruelly contained them. However, Bai Zemin, who was the only person capable of witnessing such a sight, was in no mood for such a thing.

"This is the first time in my entire life that I've ever seen anything like this." She answered honestly and looked at Bai Zemin with complete sincerity as she said, "Forget about seeing something like that, I've never heard of anyone having to face such a cruel challenge in their first job advancement."

"Ha Ha... I knew it." Bai Zemin laughed dejectedly and his shoulders slumped slightly as he leaned his head against the wall, sighing in exhaustion.

Now that he couldn't absorb any more Soul Power or level up he could only somehow manage to try to meet those absurd evolution requirements or else only death would await him when his level and Order fell behind the evolved creatures and humans.

"Do you regret choosing that class?" she asked as she stared at him and at the same time gently squeezed his hand, which still clung to hers without letting go.

Bai Zemin did not even hesitate and shook his head, "No... I don't regret it. It's just that... I didn't expect something like this." In the end he smiled bitterly.

Regret? He had no regrets whatsoever as he knew this was the best possible path to choose. But the difficulty was simply abysmal and that was what was giving him a headache.

"Let me tell you something that will perhaps lighten your spirits,"

Lilith turned his face gently with the palm of her hand to look at her, causing his eyes to shudder slightly before returning to normal.

He was inwardly cursing this seductively beautiful woman and at his useless skill. How was it harder for the opposite sex to affect his heart? He could barely control himself from blushing like a teenager.

Little did Bai Zemin know how incredible it was to manage to remain calm with her touching his body directly and how rare it was for an existence to maintain sanity after smelling the rose scent of her body as well as how difficult it was not to get lost in the depths of her red eyes; worse yet, all this was even more difficult for the male sex.

"It is true that the test the Soul Record imposed on you to advance to First Order is hard, probably the hardest in the entire history of the universe." Lilith narrowed her eyes and a small, almost imperceptible smile appeared at the corner of her beautiful lips as she slowly said, "However, Bai Zemin, don't you think that such a high challenge was imposed on you because the reward you will get is worth it?"

Bai Zemin's eyes lit up slightly as he listened to her words... Indeed, the test was difficult to the point where it could be considered an impossible one. But wouldn't the amount of power obtained be equivalent to that difficulty? Even in role-playing games or in real life it was like that; the best paying jobs were often the ones with the most responsibilities.

An airline pilot earned a lot of money, but in their hands were the lives of hundreds of people.

An anesthetist earned a lot of money, but they had to study for dozens of years and a small overdose was enough to kill a patient and go to prison for many years.

A person had to be willing to risk if they wanted to win or else they could just be someone normal with no right to complain.

"Go on." He nodded.

"Besides... Let me tell you a secret." Lilith moved closer to him, making him for a moment think she was going to kiss him. However, she moved beyond his face and stopped by his ear, whispering softly, "From what I've heard and from what I've learned over the years... Even the God of the bible didn't have to face such an extreme test at the beginning of evolution... Do you know what this means?"

Her warm breath caressed his ear and he could feel the sweet scent of her lips, however, Bai Zemin's brain could not revel in any of this as it was currently processing what Lilith had just told him.

Who was the God of the Bible? While it was true that there were several religions in the world and many different gods were worshipped, Christianity was the most popular religion among human beings. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

The God of the Bible was a divine existence, worshipped by hundreds of millions if not billions of people.

However, even the God of the Bible had not received such an extreme test in his first steps to become a divinity respected and worshipped by countless others and was probably worshipped and respected in countless other worlds.

What did this mean? It meant that Bai Zemin had the potential to surpass him!

What the Soul Record was telling him by imposing such a harsh and cruel test on him was basically that in order to reach a level where he would be peerless and without paragon, Bai Zemin needed to prove that he was worthy of such a thing.

Bai Zemin took a deep breath and had to remain silent for more than a full minute to calm his agitated heart. After all, who wouldn't want power? Power enough to stand at the absolute top and dominate myriad races, rule and enforce their voice!

"Heh... Lilith, you sure know how to lift people's spirits." He shook his head and looked at her, surprised to realize how close her face was and how perfect she was from this distance.

"... How about giving me a reward?" She looked up at him with innocent eyes and blinked several times.

Unconsciously he looked at her lips, but something inside him told him that if he gave in here he would probably regret it much later in the future.

"Tsk... Get off me, you perverted woman." He pulled away slowly and clicked his tongue.

"Eh?" Lilith blinked and her eyes had a strange glint in them. After a moment of silence, she looked down at Bai Zemin's crotch and muttered, "Mmh... Considering how big that bulge is down there, there doesn't seem to be a problem with your manhood... Could it be that my charm is waning?"

Bai Zemin couldn't help but follow her gaze and when he noticed the small tent between his pants he blushed slightly.

"I swear, someday I'll make you regret for teasing me..." He gritted his teeth and spoke softly as he looked at her as if she was his worst enemy.

Lilith puckered her lips and said with some seductive expectation, "Don't make me wait for too long then. I can't wait for you to make me regret~"

Kill a First Order existence with a single attack? Leave it to me! Bai Zemin felt his blood boil to the brim as he thought this.