Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 632 - Arrogant and Dominant

Shangguan Bing Xue had been watching Bai Zemin all this time even while she was chatting with Wu Yijun's mother. She was undoubtedly the most beautiful woman among all the presenters while Sun Ling was the most seductive so the number of eyes gathering in their direction was not particularly small.

However, both Shangguan Bing Xue and Sun Ling were clear about their charm and were used to receiving the stares of desire and love from the men, as well as the stares of jealousy and envy or hatred from the women. Therefore, as Wu Yijun stood on the stage finishing her speech, Sun Ling whispered how lovely her princess looked to which Shangguan Bing Xue nodded.

But although she had been paying attention to both Wu Yijun and Sun Ling, Shangguan Bing Xue's attention was mostly focused on Bai Zemin.

At first, she did not understand where he was going but when she saw his expression Shangguan Bing Xue's expression changed slightly. She tried to trace a line with her eyes following his gaze and when she saw Sun Jie frozen in fear Shangguan Bing Xue's face turned slightly pale.

She had found out a couple of hours ago that Sun Jie was actually the person who had been harassing Meng Qi and it was also only recently that she had learned that the reason Bai Zemin's father had visited Wu Yijun's house back then was to earnestly ask the Wu Family to keep the man as far away from Meng Qi as possible.

Shangguan Bing Xue herself had had to tolerate Sun Jie's unseemly looks all this time and apart from putting up with the fact that he was Wu Yijun's cousin another reason was that she did not want to ruin the plans that Bai Zemin had. However, it seemed to be that something bad occurred in these few minutes outside of her knowledge.

"Bing Xue? What's wrong?" asked a confused Sun Ling who was standing next to her as she noticed the change of color in her face.

Shangguan Bing Xue sighed and said quietly to no one in particular, "Now we can only hope that the worst doesn't happen."

Sun Ling did not understand what Shangguan Bing Xue was talking about but soon she would.

…

Sun Jie felt intimidated before the clearly taller and better built Bai Zemin when he saw him advancing in his direction with cold eyes.

In fact, subconsciously and after remembering the past, Sun Jie couldn't help but take half a step back before he remembered the place he was in. Even if Bai Zemin did recognize him as well, Sun Jie didn't believe that he dared to act crazy in this place.

Even if Sun Jie believed that he wasn't underestimating Bai Zemin by thinking that maybe even his father might not win and didn't want to openly provoke him until he had some certainty of his actual strength, he didn't believe that Bai Zemin would behave arrogantly in the presence of two Second Order existences and so many powerful First Order soul evolvers.

"W- What are you doing?" he asked.

Although he had calmed down a lot in reality he couldn't stop his voice from trembling a bit.

The walking of Bai Zemin had naturally not gone unnoticed and it wasn't just Shangguan Bing Xue who noticed it. With him being one of the three men who were stealing the most attention from the women aside from Chen He and Sun Jie himself, the number of eyes that gathered on his body was no small.

Even Feng Tian Wu was looking confusedly in that direction.

However, Bai Zemin did not care about those eyes. After he arrived in front of Sun Jie, he paused for a moment before saying in a low but clear voice for those who were closest to the two of them to hear:

"Sun Jie, I see you haven't learned to not mess with me even after I broke your legs years ago."

Sun Jie's expression froze and the people who caught a glimpse of Bai Zemin's voice had expressions of disbelief and shock on their faces. However, neither side even had time to say a single word before Bai Zemin made his move.

He did not give Sun Jie time to say a single word nor did he feel like listening to excuses. Bai Zemin believed what his eyes saw and what he saw was Sun Jie looking at his beloved little sister with lustful eyes; that was all he needed to know.

Bai Zemin moved his right hand at lightning speed and none of those present managed to see what happened when a loud explosion echoed inside the hall, attracting everyone's attention and silencing any voices.

Sun Jie's body was sent flying backward like a kite whose string had been cut after being slapped by Bai Zemin. There were even some people who were unfortunately in the way were also knocked down and fainted after spitting blood.

Bang!

Sun Jie's body hit the opposite wall of the hall before falling to the ground. His head was covered in blood and his eyes had gone blank after fainting from the powerful blow. If not for the fact that he was a soul evolver with some passive skills that enhanced his defense and treasures that increased his normal stats, his head would definitely have exploded into pulp.

The place suddenly fell deathly silent. Everyone's expressions froze and they stared wide-eyed at the spot where Sun Jie's seemingly lifeless body lay for several seconds before rigidly turning their heads to look at the young man who was now rubbing his right palm on his pants as if he had just touched something dirty.

Meng Qi also froze but she quickly recovered and her expression became indifferent. It was then when she noticed her mother and father walking in her direction. They both looked quite panicked and nervous about what was happening.

"What happened?" Bai Delan asked in a low voice as he conveniently stood in front of his wife and daughter as somehow he was sure that things were already beyond repair considering the situation.

Meng Qi first took her mother's hand who was as pale as a ghost. Then, she proceeded to explain everything in a calm manner.

On the other hand, Wu Keqian, Wu Yijun, Chen He, Sun Yun, Feng Tian Wu, Feng Hong, and many other people looked at Bai Zemin in shock and disbelief. None of them understood what was going on.

However, Sun Yun's expression soon turned white and his whole body trembled with anger as he realized that the person lying immobile several meters ahead was his son.

Bang!

The aura of a Second Order existence burst out and everyone inside the hall immediately felt suffocated to the point where they fell to the ground. Even First Order existences like Bai Delan turned pale as if they were suffering from some kind of sudden serious illness and could barely stand on wobbly legs.

Fortunately for Bai Zemin's family, however, a gentle breeze blew past them and a beautiful figure appeared like a ghost.

"You are…" Bai Delan helped his daughter and wife who were about to collapse before looking at the back in front of him in amazement. That silver-white hair and black dress was something that even he, a man dedicated to his family, admitted he could never forget as the face of the woman whose back was currently facing him was simply too beautiful.

"… Thank you, Bing Xue." Meng Qi sighed in relief as her eyes filled with bitterness at the clear difference between the two.

Bing Xue? Bai Delan looked at his daughter in confusion. Since when had Meng Qi met such a powerful and beautiful figure?

But Shangguan Bing Xue did not answer and simply nodded. Her expression was serious as she looked straight ahead and scrambled her brain trying to think for something to solve this.

Bai Zemin looked at the person who was releasing his aura and was looking at him with burning anger. His eyes flashed with a hint of murderous intent as he noticed that his family might have collapsed if not for Shangguan Bing Xue and as he looked at the man said coldly, "Old man, I don't care who you are but if you don't retract your puppy aura in 10 seconds I'll rip your head off."

His words amidst the silence were not different from a rumble of thunder in the middle of a hot summer day and everyone looked at him in shock. However, when that shock they felt was soon swept away and replaced by eyes filled with pity.

Even the beautiful ladies who had fallen for Bai Zemin's charm looked at him with pity.

Who in the hall did not know that Sun Yun was the second most powerful existence in the entire base, just behind Wu Keqian? Sun Yun was one of the central pillars of the Chinese Renaissance and a kind of spiritual god in the hearts of many. Therefore, the fact that a random young man dared to say such words certainly aroused some disdain in them.

"Good, good, good!" Sun Yun shouted good three times and his body began to tremble like crazy from rage. He looked at Bai Zemin as if he was a dead man and said loudly, "Not only did you dare to beat my son so cruelly but you even dared to speak to me with such a defiant tone and threaten me… Today, I will let you live for helping my niece get here but you will definitely not leave walking!"

"You have 6 seconds left." Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Was Bai Zemin's reply, completely ignoring the words of the man in front of him.

Swoosh!

After he finished his words, a flash of golden light suddenly illuminated the hall and in the next instant everyone was astonished to see that in the hand of the young man dressed in a suit now was an exquisite and elegant golden sword with mysterious opaque engravings on the guard and hilt.

"Four seconds." Bai Zemin raised his sword pointing toward the ceiling and said casually, "Don't tell me I didn't warn you."

If not for the fact that this man in front of him probably had some kind of relationship with Wu Yijun, Bai Zemin might have killed him at this point. Sun Jie was hurt in such a way just by a peek so Sun Yun would definitely have suffered even worse.

In fact, he didn't listen to a bit of the garbage Sun Yun said, or else he would have known that he was actually Wu Yijun's uncle.

Sun Yun was as furious as a lion whose mating partner had been stolen. When had he ever been mocked like this? Never! Much less by someone of the young generation who could easily be his son!

"Enough!!!"

An angry shout suddenly rang out and an aura more powerful than Sun Yun's closed over him, suppressing his aura to a large extent.

"Keqian?" Sun Yun frowned and said with annoyance in his voice, "What are you doing?"

"Calm down for a second, let me settle this." Wu Keqian looked at Sun Yun with seriousness and asked in a deep voice. Then, he took out something from his pocket and threw it to him as he said, "You go and treat your son first, I'll give you an explanation later."

Sun Yun looked at the small pill and after hesitating for a moment finally retracted his aura. He was a smart man and knew that his son had offended several people. Moreover, unlike most, Sun Yun noticed that the young man in front of him completely ignored the pressure of his aura so while he did not fear he also did not want to fight against an apparently powerful enemy unless there really was no other choice.

Bai Zemin also kept his word and upon seeing Sun Yun completely retract his aura he snorted coldly. The golden sword in his hands turned into a flash of light that blinded normal people for an instant and the next instant the sword was no longer in sight.

Although Wu Keqian was really curious about that golden sword, he had a more important question so he looked at Bai Zemin and said in a deep voice:

"Bai Zemin, I respect and appreciate you. I really do. However, leaving aside the fact that Sun Jie is my nephew-in-law and Yijun's cousin, I cannot allow such offenses. Therefore, if you don't give me an explanation, I'm afraid that-"

But Wu Keqian could not finish his words when a cold voice interrupted him sharply:

"So if I don't give you an explanation, what?"

Bai Zemin really respected Wu Keqian for his leadership. However, when matters involved those he truly loved there was no respect that would stop him.

In addition, he had realized something earlier and so he was also disappointed and angry with Wu Keqian so it was he who wanted explanations, no one else.