Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 641 - The weird job of the old assassin

The Agility of the weaver ants was not very high to begin with and now that they had gotten bigger their stiff legs had become something of a burden when it came to running. By the time the mutant insects realized that they had been caught once the sky glowed, a high-pitched shriek rang out from the rear of the army and they all shrieked in response before charging forward with murderous intent flashing in their eyes.

Bai Zemin's expression changed slightly upon hearing the high-pitched shriek but he soon calmed down. He could remember that the other mutant beasts and even Second Order Zombie General had the ability to command creatures of their kind to some extent so it didn't necessarily mean that there was a Third Order ant.

"Fire!"

His words were like the catalyst for the apocalypse, the switch for the end of the world.

The armed soldiers who were trembling with fear howled in an attempt to shake off that terrifying fear and pulled hard on the trigger of the guns in their hands. Showers of golden bullets immediately began to fall on the army of mutant ants and they literally began to fall like ants into pools of blood.

Although the ants were strong, if they could not get close they were not dangerous at all and considering that their bodies were weak the power of several bullets was more than enough to end their lives or at least prevent them from continuing to advance. Some of them died on the spot, others fell after losing several limbs after receiving dozens of shots in their limbs, etc.

"Don't let the ants' blood touch you!" Sun Ling called out as she backed away after seeing her leather armor sizzle slightly after getting hit by a couple of drops of ant blood.

"Fire Wall!" Feng Hong shouted from the left flank as he waved a wand towards the front.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!...

The mana inside the body of Feng Hong blasted outward and the magical power immediately turned it into fire-like energy. Huge walls of blazing fire over five meters high rose up in front of each other, spreading across the entire left flank with ease.

"DIE!"

Feng Hong roared again and after waving his hand the fire walls began to slowly advance, consuming everything in their path.

The weaver ants did not seem to know the meaning of the word fear at all and ferociously continued to advance with the single goal of reaching the humans before them. However, when their unprotected bodies came into contact with the several fire walls, their bodies immediately tensed and shrieks of pain escaped from their mouths after igniting into fireballs.

But worst of all, even after their bodies were set on fire they did not die but began to writhe and slam into the ants behind them, causing the fire to spread among the troops of mutant ants just like a forest fire.

However, as the ants began to die one after another following being consumed by the flames, a cloud of green smoke began to rise from their corpses and slowly began to float into the surroundings, approaching the human troops.

"Big brother, the blood!" Meng Qi called out as she realized what was happening while cutting off the head of an ant using a sword with over 500 physical attack points that Bai Zemin had given her from among the ones he obtained after attacking Oblon World.

Next to her, Little Snow was finishing off the weaver ants in a clever way, using her higher Agility to get out and in among the troops after killing several without allowing herself to be caught.

But Bai Zemin didn't need his sister's warning as he too had noticed that the acid in the ants' blood had become toxic after being exposed to extremely high temperatures, changing its phase to gaseous.

"All those with wind-type skills cast them in an easterly direction!"

Bai Zemin's command was soon heard by all, being reinforced by the different leaders. Immediately after that, wind blades, air cannons, cutting air blasts, and all sorts of skills with the wind element as their core were activated and launched by many soul evolvers.

The imminent danger approaching in the form of a toxic cloud was soon driven away, relieving everyone. However, the real danger was far from being close to being solved.

"Fire Snake!" Feng Tian Wu did not hold back at all when a huge snake over 100 meters long and at least ten meters wide materialized in front of her. "Go!"

The huge fire snake broke out with truly amazing Agility and in an instant appeared at the front of the army of weaver ants located on the left flank. The fire creature fiercely swung its tail and sent hundreds of weaver ants flying with a single movement, and as if that were not enough, the bodies of all the weaver ants that were hit by the summoned snake also burned in blazing flames of fire and even before they touched the ground they turned into mortal remains.

The fire snake was really powerful and the weaver ants which were nothing more than Unclassified mutant insects could not take a single hit. In a matter of a couple of minutes, the number of mutant ants killed by the fire snake rose to several thousand and this number continued to rise at a rapid rate.

Swoosh!

Suddenly, a copper-colored silhouette charged forward and with at least ten times the speed of the other weaver ants appeared in front of the fire snake. The summoned fire creature did not have time to react when a two-meter tall ant appeared just below and used its legs that seemed to glisten with a metallic glow under the glare of the flames to cling to the snake's body.

Surprisingly, this ant did not suffer too much under the flames of the fire snake. Using monstrous Strength, the ant used its powerful jaw and terrifying legs to tear apart the body of the fire snake in a matter of seconds, turning the summoned beast into nothing but sparks of fire that soon disappeared into thin air.

The weaver ant that was actually a level 40 mutant beast turned around and without delay rushed straight towards Feng Tian Wu, who was single-handedly slaughtering dozens and even hundreds of weaver ants with every magic skill she cast in the midst of the horde.

Among evolved existences, the distance of several tens of meters was something that could be closed in an instant and long before Feng Tian Wu could turn around to try to defend or counterattack, the First Order weaver ant rose above her and unhesitatingly extended its front legs forward at lightning speed.

The Strength of an Unclassified weaver ant was such that even an Unclassified one could hurt Feng Tian Wu if she was not careful as she was a mage with poor defense, her body would be torn apart on the spot if she were to be hit by the terrifying legs of a First Order one!

However, the First Order weaver ant's movements stalled as several chains of crimson fire surrounded its legs. Even so, the ant's Strength was so powerful that even as its body began to slowly burn the power of its legs easily cracked the chains of fire and it seemed that it would be able to break free within a second.

"One second is enough." Feng Tian Wu's voice was neutral, there was no pride or disdain as she chanted under her breath, "Blazing Tornado!"

Bang!

A magic circle over twenty meters in diameter appeared under Feng Tian Wu's feet as the center and in an instant, both she and the First Order weaver ant were engulfed by a huge flaming tornado that soared over two hundred meters high into the sky.

The temperature was so high that the nearby soul evolvers had no choice but to move back and the distant trees slowly began to burn even under the protection of the world's natural mana.

The fire tornado continued to spin in the same place as its core and burned for more than ten seconds, in the process incinerating all the weaver ants that shrieked and jumped into the flames nonsensically.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Slowly, the fire tornado began to lose its spinning speed and the power of its flames became more and more diminished. A few seconds later, Feng Tian Wu was revealed once again. She was standing without any visible wounds except that she was panting very slightly.

Behind her, a glowing emerald-green First Order Soul Stone fell to the ground making a dull thud. As for the First Order Weaver Ant; there was no trace of it.

Feng Tian Wu paused for a moment to observe the other battlefields and realized that everything seemed to be going very well if one took into account that so far no weaver ant had managed to get closer than 50 meters from the human group.

The firepower of the soldiers could not be underestimated. Their firearms were even more effective than most melee soul evolvers as the constant and fast bursts of gunfire created a large curtain, taking down the poorly defense enemies with ease.

On the right flank, Liang Jing was the person who was taking the MVP position by far. Even Nangong Lingxin had no choice but to admit defeat as she looked at the old assassin with a weird expression on her face.

Liang Jing had just used his dagger to perform several lightning-fast slashes and end the lives of more than twenty weaver ants when his steps hesitated and his body leaned forward so he had to use his left hand to keep his face from hitting the ground.

Swoosh!

Just at that moment, the head of a First Order weaver ant passed right where Liang Jing's body was a moment ago, and had it not been for the man almost falling his body would have been cut in two halves by the creature's power.

Liang Jing seemed oblivious of the existence of the First Order weaver ant right above him and by pure coincidence, he slashed upward with his right hand as if to gain momentum to get to his feet.

The black dagger was thrust into the junction between the neck and head of the First Order weaver ant and in an instant, a kind of black smoke came out of the creature's body.

Liang Jing still didn't seem to have realized what was happening because immediately after he was able to squat down he withdrew his dagger and began to cough as he staggered forward.

Bang!

An instant later, the First Order weaver ant fell lifeless on the ground. If Liang Jing hadn't gotten out of there just in time, he would have been trapped under the beast's body.

"Cough! Cough! Cough!... I'm already too old for these long walks. Old people like me should be enjoying their retirement.... Cough! Cough! Cough!...." Liang Jing coughed furiously and his face turned red as he staggered and slashed with his dagger seemingly at nothing, he looked as if he was about to die.

However, every time his steps wavered, he oddly managed to dodge an attack, and every time he waved his right hand, dark-colored energy in the shape of a half-moon shot out from his dagger and ended the lives of the nearby weaver ants.

The corner of Nangong Lingxin's mouth twitched a couple of times. She couldn't help but think that Liang Jing was really an interesting person just like that weird job he had.

With Nangong Lingxin acting as defense and with Liang Jing slicing all the enemies to pieces, the other soul evolvers on the right flank who were mainly mages were able to activate skills with ease and slaughter the weaver ants with such ease that they couldn't help but feel that this was probably the best war they had had to date.