Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 649 - Ancient Ruins (Part 2/2)

In accordance with the theory that Bai Zemin and Meng Qi reached after seeing the word written on the underside of the bronze lion's chin, he took out one thousand Unclassified Soul Stones from his spatial storage ring and began to throw them one by one into the statue's mouth.

The Soul Stones were very small, even the only Third Order Soul Stone in Bai Zemin's possession was not even the size of a baby's fist and could barely be considered a lotus seed so the Unclassified Stones that were barely the size of a small fingernail had no problem passing through the small hole in the statue's jaws.

Two or three minutes later and under everyone's anxious eyes, Bai Zemin finally finished throwing a thousand Unsorted Soul Stones into the bronze lion statue.

However, several seconds later all that greeted them was the sound of howling wind in the middle of the night.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"This... Nothing happened?" Sun Ling was confused and somewhat apprehensive.

The others also looked at each other in dismay and Bai Zemin frowned trying to understand what was wrong. However, it was at that anxious moment when a flash of light suddenly began to illuminate the area and attracted the attention of all of them.

Flash!

On the left side of the large stone square, part of the lines that made up what looked like a huge magic circle began to light up little by little. The pale blue light was by no means disturbing to the eye and in the midst of the darkness, it felt extremely warm.

However, as the blue light spread across the thick, small lines coming closer and closer in their direction, none of them dared to relax as they didn't know with what they would be greeted next.

"Get ready to fight!" Bai Zemin ordered out of prevention as he took a step forward and subconsciously covered Meng Qi behind him.

What was happening woke up some of those who were resting and seeing that part of the stone square was beginning to light up they also began to rush out of the tents in a hurry. Some of them even ran out bare-chested and struggled to put on their armor while holding their weapons tightly.

Approximately five minutes later, 1/10th of the lines covering the circular stone square had lit up with that faint pale blue light. However, except for the bronze lion which also glowed slightly with the same color of light, nothing else happened.

No enemies appeared, the pagoda in front on the left side of the square did not open at all... Nothing that Bai Zemin or the others expected happened.

However, even though nothing had happened, they all knew in their hearts what was really going on. It was just that none of them really wanted to admit it.

Finally, after several seconds of silence, Wu Yijun forced a smile, and while looking at the bronze lion located on the other side of the double door she quietly remarked: "Considering that one-tenth of the square has just been illuminated and considering that there are five pagodas and ten lion statues here.... I think we need to do something about all of them."

Bai Zemin exchanged glances with Shangguan Bing Xue before smiling bitterly and saying in a low voice, "Isn't it ironic that we have to thank the weaver ants?"

Upon hearing Bai Zemin's words they all felt like spitting out three liters of blood and dying. However, in their hearts, they knew that he was right because while it was true that their lives were in danger as a single grab by those strong insects was all it took to be torn apart, it was thanks to the weaver ants that attacked them that the group managed to obtain large numbers of Soul Stones.

"At least, we don't have to go back empty-handed." Nangong Lingxin shook her head not knowing whether to laugh or cry.

For more, visit: MtNovel.com

"It really is like that." Chen He commented as he lay on his back under the head of the bronze lion located on the right side of the pagoda. "This statue also requires a thousand Unclassified Soul Stones."

Bai Zemin said nothing and simply began to take out more Soul Stones from his storage ring. What else could he do? There was no way he was leaving here without knowing what was hidden inside the pagodas or what this place hid in general. He and everyone else could find answers to many questions and that alone was definitely worth the great price they were paying.

Indeed, after a few minutes, right after Bai Zemin threw the 1000th Soul Stone inside the bronze statue, the same pale blue color started to illuminate part of the square and in no time 2/10 of the place appeared completely illuminated by that faint pale blue light.

The previously illuminated part had merged perfectly with the current one and the small and large lines that seemed to form strange engravings made up a mysterious image similar to a puzzle that after a long time was finally being fulfilled.

When the pale blue light that spread across the thickest line and one of the ten main lines that seemed to compose the core of the giant magic circle finally reached the bronze lion statue, it began to glow slightly and soon the light of the two bronze lions covered the outline of the pagoda that had been silent until now.

Bang!

The sound of something breaking thundered in the middle of the night and the huge double doors that had been closed no matter what means the others used to try to open them finally detached from each other and slowly began to open backward as if someone was pulling them from the inside.

Swoosh!

"Step back!" Bai Zemin unhesitatingly took out the golden Soul Armament and turned it into a spear under everyone's astonished eyes.

"What is that weapon?" Huang Tian asked in astonishment as he retreated but still stood in front of everyone and raised his giant bone shield in front of his body.

"It was a sword before but it suddenly turned into a spear." Teng Hua was also shocked as his pet snake hissed menacingly towards the pagoda that was opening wider and wider.

...

"I will help you." Shangguan Bing Xue appeared beside Bai Zemin and said four simple words expressing her determination.

But Bai Zemin did not refuse since he did not know what might come out from inside the pagoda. If nothing evil came out then it would be great but it was doubtful that good luck would be with them.

Flash! Flash!

Suddenly and as the doors opened wide enough for the piercing darkness of the interior to spread outward, two flashes of bright red light came on amidst the crackle of the increasingly open doors.

"Eyes?" Bai Zemin was startled before leaning forward and taking an attack stance, "Of course.... How could anything be so easy?"

Shangguan Bing Xue also drew her sword and created another one with ice using her skill. She activated several skills silently and soon her weapons acquired a faint platinum white radiance and on her leather armored body grew another armor made of small ice fragments.

Flash! Flash! Flash! Flash! Flash! Flash!...

Flash! Flash! Flash! Flash! Flash! Flash!...

...

In just a few seconds, thousands of golden flashes glowed amidst the terrifying darkness that ruled inside the pagoda. That demonic glow scared many to the point that if it weren't for those two practically omniscient figures standing at the front most of them might have immediately run away.

"... Bing Xue, can you feel the strength of those creatures?" Bai Zemin asked whispering.

"... No."

"Cool."

Boom!

The two doors finally slammed loudly against the inner walls of the pagoda after they opened completely.

Suddenly, the stone plaza seemed to tremble for a moment and a loud bang similar to a large number of people taking a step at the same time broke out in the middle of the night.

Bai Zemin suddenly caught something similar to metal shining thanks to the moon's shine and his expression abruptly changed as a thought flashed in his heart. He didn't even hesitate as he took a step forward and swung his spear in a wide diagonal arc.

Swoosh!

It was just at that moment when from the front a flash of bright light shot outward from the pagoda at lightning speed.

Bang!

The beam of blue light could not advance any further as it was obstructed precisely by the tip of the golden spear that just happened to cross its path. Bai Zemin put a bit more strength into his arm and with a low growl waved his hand towards the sky.

The beam of blue light was immediately sent flying towards the distant stars before turning into a tiny dot and disappearing without a trace.

It all happened so fast that no one had had time to react to what had just happened. However, they also had no time when a second followed by a third beam of blue light shot out from inside the pagoda.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

Bai Zemin's body flashed and like a ghost seemed to appear in three different places at the same time, an effect resulting from his high Agility and swift movements. Three golden flashes flickered around each residual image and just like before the three beams of blue energy were deflected and sent skyward.

"Ice Wall!" Shangguan Bing Xue pointed to the front with a flash of coldness shining in her eyes.

The frost gathered at speeds never seen before and within milliseconds two thick walls of ice over two meters high appeared separating the pagoda and whatever was inside it from the human group.

The blue energy beams, far from stopping, became more and more constant and in a matter of seconds, thousands of blue beams flashed from inside the pagoda and hit the ice walls. The sound that the impact between the blue energy beams and the ice walls was not explosive but was similar to the hissing sound of a hot object being dropped into cold water.

"Unclassified?" Bai Zemin said as if to make sure.

"Unclassified." Shangguan Bing Xue nodded but reminded him, "Even so, those beams could end the life of an initial First Order human soul evolver if they hit the head."

"Great." Bai Zemin nodded and was about to move forward to finish off the enemy when suddenly another change occurred.

Several synchronized footsteps echoed in the middle of the night and with agile movements equivalent to a level 20 human soul evolver, over three thousand strange silhouettes rushed out from inside the pagoda, circling the ice walls in seconds and appearing before the human group.

Immediately a small commotion arose as one of these creatures charged forward and with a sword that looked quite exquisite attacked the first soul evolver in the front line but ended up finding itself being sent flying after being parried by Zhong De's giant mace.

However, that creature soon stood up again and with unwavering resolve charged forward again. All the other creatures also began to attack and in a couple of exchanges, a level 23 human soul evolver was decapitated after being surrounded by three enemies.

This was the first casualty Bai Zemin experienced in this operation.

"What the hell are those things?" In anger, Bai Zemin was shocked to realize that they were not living beings as they did not even have a drop of blood in their bodies.

He immediately used the blood he always had stored in his liquid storage pearl and created hundreds of sharp blood chains that under his control dismembered the creatures that approached his group with ease, saving the lives of all those in danger.

"They are mechanical golems." Lilith's voice rang in his mind.

"Golems?" Bai Zemin repeated in awe as he finished off the mechanical golems and looked towards the pagoda beyond the ice wall, noticing that the mechanical golems were still firing their weapons at the defensive wall.

Shangguan Bing Xue finally did not have the patience to wait and with a wave of her hand created hundreds of ice pikes. The ice pikes began to fly in a straight line, piercing through the ice wall as if it was not there and crushing the heads of whatever was inside the pagodas as she wisely aimed at where the red eyes were.

Chen He and the other soul evolvers with ranged attacks were also not far behind and started attacking and crushing the enemies beyond the ice wall. On the other hand, with the help of Bai Zemin and the other main warriors, the human group finally overpowered the melee mechanical golems.

"Now that you've figured it out there's no harm in me telling you." Lilith sighed in relief and with some delight as she tried to remain calm she said slowly, "Little brother Zemin, I think you hit the big prize this time..... You're standing right on top of what seems to be ancient ruins, and I dare say there's a lot of good stuff inside!"