Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 659 - Birth of the eternal bitterness seed

Despite being over three meters tall and despite its body being encased in heavy golden-colored armor that was big enough for its giant self to move with ease, as well as carry a claymore-like blade in its hands, the speed of the mechanical golem was indisputable and among all the mechanical golems Bai Zemin had seen so far, it was the highest by far.

With the terrifyingly high Agility of Bai Zemin and the abnormally high Agility of the golden golem, the distance between the two closed in a mere blink of time.

Bai Zemin stopped abruptly as he arrived in front of the golden golem and with a casual swing Annihilation of the Falling Sky turned into a flash of golden light targeting the robotic creature's head.

However, the golden golem did not stand there waiting for the sword of Bai Zemin as it took advantage of the momentum of its rush and the weight of its body to slash fiercely with its claymore downwards.

Everything happened in an instant and before 99.99% of those present could react two golden flashes of light met in mid-air.

Boom!

A thunderous explosion that sent dozens of First Order mechanical golems near the impact site flying and broke all other sounds of the ongoing war between humans and golems echoed throughout the square and even into the nearby forests.

The humans wanted to stop for a moment to see what was happening on the front side, but the golems were just machines with the sole purpose of wiping out the invading resistance so they continued to charge and launch into the offensive, leaving no room for the soul evolvers and shooter soldiers to relax even for a second.

In fact, that small opening that was generated when several golems were sent flying was immediately closed as twice as many golems appeared in that area, covering the hole that the other golems had left.

Amidst the beams of energy flying everywhere, going from the outside to the inside of the pagoda and vice versa, as well as the constant melee battles that were breaking out nonstop between humans and golems, Shangguan Bing Xue was the only one who even with all the tasks she was carrying out at the same time managed to notice that at the front appeared an enemy with the ability to annihilate this group were it not for a couple of anomalies present.

Bai Zemin's black eyes were indifferent as his gaze met head-on with the demonic red eyes of the golden golem whose height towered above his own.

"Second Order..." Bai Zemin muttered under his breath as his right hand remained tightly clenched around the hilt of the golden Soul Armament.

On the other hand, the giant golden golem was trying to press its claymore down at all times as its stern face devoid of the emotions characteristic of a living being focused on the human in front of it with the sole intention of crushing him.

Unfortunately, Bai Zemin's arm was as firm as Mount Tai while the two arms of the giant golden golem trembled and creaked trying to use strength and weight to defeat what seemingly could not be defeated.

The golden mechanical golem was undoubtedly powerful; its Strength and Agility made it an existence capable of annihilating large-sized factions let alone a small group of several hundred. However, the person it was facing was not someone it could stop.

The body of Bai Zemin swayed slightly and in an instant, he appeared just above the head of the golden golem.

The giant clearly had more than Strength and Agility as its reflexes were remarkable. Unfortunately, when the golden golem raised its weapon behind its body to block the incoming attack, its claymore was found blocking nothing but empty, powerless air before its body was sent flying like a kite whose kite had been cut off.

Boom!!!

The explosion of the giant golem's body carelessly slamming against the front wall of the third pagoda rumbled noisily, and had it not been for the square and the buildings above it being protected by an especially powerful magic circle, the destruction would definitely not have been small.

Bai Zemin watched as the golden golem slowly stood up and a flash of bitterness shone in his black eyes.

"Although the attack power of Annihilation of the Falling Sky cannot be underestimated, its sword form is not sharp enough to cut through this golem's body..." He sighed before imagining the form of a giant golden sword.

To change the form of Annihilation of the Falling Sky the wielder needed to have a clear image of the weapon they wanted said Soul Armament to change into. But for Bai Zemin who had hammered long enough to at least understand the composition and shape of most melee weapons, such a thing was not difficult at all.

A second was all it took for Annihilation of the Falling Sky to release a deep golden radiance, and by the time that golden radiance vanished, in the hands of Bai Zemin was a giant sword as tall as his body. Furthermore, if one were to look closer, one would notice that except for the color and the dull red runes the shape of the weapon was exactly the same as Crimson Thunder Dragon's Last Words!

Bang!

The golden golem lunged forward after leaping back to its feet. Its resolve did not waver as a living being probably would have and its only goal was still to crush the biggest impediment before it. Even the deep cut that had almost severed its body into two halves was not enough to stop it in any way.

However, Bai Zemin was no longer in the mood to play with the golden golem.

Bai Zemin tightened his grip on the large wielder of the golden greatsword and his left foot moved forward at the same time as he brought both arms behind his body together with the weapon. Then, just as the golden golem stopped in front of him and raised its claymore high, Bai Zemin growled under his breath before propelling his entire body forward making use of his left foot at the same time as the muscles in his arms swelled and he slashed fiercely diagonally.

"If my weapon is not sharp enough then I just have to turn you into a pile of scrap metal using brute force!"

Annihilation of the Falling Sky in the form of a greatsword turned into a huge bright golden arc that shimmered the surroundings, and long before the golden golem could slash with its claymore downwards, its chest was firmly struck by Bai Zemin's attack.

Booooom!!!!!

The shockwave resulting from the thunderous explosion that left several of the soul evolvers behind Bai Zemin in deafness not only sent thousands of First Order golems flying but the bodies of those golems were torn to pieces when the air pressure engulfed them.

In fact, had Bai Zemin not taken the shockwave by himself, most of the people behind him would have disappeared from the face of the earth as a little over 200 meters distance was nothing to Second Order powerhouses.

The body of the golden golem froze but this only lasted a second before any resistance Bai Zemin felt disappeared. The great golden sword in his hands slashed beyond the empty space in front of him at the same time as different pieces of the body of the giant golem were sent flying messily all over the place.

Even the big golden armor that had clearly been forged from some kind of high-quality metal gained several cracks on the surface; it was clear that the durability had dropped tremendously due to the previous attack.

All the mechanical golems that were coming out of the pagoda were also destroyed by the cutting shockwave and the sound of their metal parts hitting the ground after raining down from the sky echoed everywhere.

With no more golems coming out of the pagoda, the remaining ones were soon wiped out and it took no more than a few minutes to finish off the shooter-type golems hiding in the dark cloak inside the pagoda.

By the time all the golems were defeated, the group of soul evolvers and shooter soldiers did not cheer as they did during the previous two cases. Instead, they all gawked at the back of the person standing a couple of hundred meters in front of them.

Standing among mountains of shattered metal pieces, mostly destroyed weapons and armor, Bai Zemin was looking at the third pagoda with Annihilation of the Falling Sky in its greatsword form resting comfortably on his right shoulder while only his right hand clutched onto the long hilt.

After several seconds and realizing that no more golems would really come out to attack them, Bai Zemin slowly turned around and said in a calm but deep voice:

"Everyone, good job. You have performed brilliantly during this raid... Also, let me tell you that when we return to base, I will reward each of you in a way that does justice to the bravery and talent you have shown during this expedition."

However, Bai Zemin did not receive the enthusiasm he expected to receive after he said such words. Instead, Sun Ling looked at him with hesitant eyes and after glancing sideways at the giant armor that had been sent flying to the other side of the square asked in a low voice:

"This, Bai-.... Team Leader, can I ask you a question?"

"What is it?" Bai Zemin nodded indifferently.

"That... That golden-armored golem..." Sun Ling swallowed silently before asking in astonishment, ".... Wasn't it a golem with the strength of a Second Order existence?"

"Indeed." Bai Zemin confirmed before frowning and saying somewhat confused, "However, what's the matter with that?"

What's the matter with that....

Everyone exchanged glances and became slack-jawed after hearing the person leading them speaking so casually despite having crushed a golem comparable to a Second Order existence.

The most powerful person in the entire Chinese Renaissance, Wu Keqian, was a Second Order existence for goodness sake! Even Wu Keqian would definitely not be able to take down a Second Order enemy in such a short time and it was still debatable whether he would be able to defeat the golden mechanical golem or not!

Looking at Sun Ling and everyone else who was speechless, Shangguan Bing Xue approached Bai Zemin with a look brimming with hidden bitterness and said in a low voice: " Lord Team Leader.... I think you are forgetting that this is the first time most of the people here have seen you fight against a Second Order existence."

At first, Bai Zemin was surprised after hearing Shangguan Bing Xue's whisper. However, he soon understood what she meant so he could not help but smile bitterly and shook his head.

Of course, what else did he expect to happen? What Bai Zemin had just done was to crush a being who would probably be able to contend without any problems against the strongest person in the entire Chinese Renaissance faction.

Even if Bai Zemin had already made it clear to them that he could not be measured by common sense, seeing a Second Order existence being shattered so easily in less than a minute was not something that could be easily accepted by their minds.

Unfortunately, there was not much Bai Zemin could do in this case.

Seeing Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue chatting with complicated expressions on their faces, Feng Tian Wu could not help but smile with bitterness.

She had seen the performance of the young man whom she had once rejected in the cruelest way possible, and not only had he become stunningly handsome, he had also become the leader of a faction of tens of thousands built by himself and would soon become the absolute leader of the entire Chinese Renaissance faction...

Now, she also found that Bai Zemin's ability not only allowed him to wipe out millions of Unclassified mutant ants in moments but that he was also powerful enough to make the Second Order existences she feared to turn into nothing more than toys in his hands...RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Until this moment, although Feng Tian Wu greatly regretted for doing what she did in the past and had truly apologized from the bottom of her heart to Bai Zemin, she did not feel anything other than regret for knowing that she had done something wrong that no one with a human conscience should ever do.

However, slowly within her heart, another kind of regret began to develop.

The regret that people felt after realizing what they had lost for a moment of stupidity or for not having opened their eyes properly at the right moment.

It was just that Feng Tian Wu herself had not yet noticed it and, unfortunately for her, when she did notice it she would also realize that the mistake she had made during her youth... would cost her an eternity of bitterness.