Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"What did you say you little piece of crap?!"

"I said you're a coward! That's why you're eating what you're eating while I'm getting better stuff than you!

"You're just turning into a show-off dog but you're still a dog!"

"Better to be a dog that can show off instead of just being a dog!"

The verbal brawl spread from the two freshmen and the group of five friends to the surrounding area and it was getting more and more out of control. Those who ate the best things began to show their superiority to those who ate the worst and those who ate the worst began to mock those who ate the best.

Since the world had changed six days ago, all these people had been locked up practically without seeing any sunlight except the rays that passed through the small windows with metal bars. The confinement coupled with the occasional distant roar of some mutated beasts and the fear of knowing that death was constantly lurking over their heads had caused all these people who didn't even have a comfortable place to sleep to accumulate massive amounts of stress to the point where it only took a small drop for the glass to overflow.

Now that a small flare of conflict had finally been ignited, everyone began to argue over insignificant matters in an attempt to release all the pent-up frustration and shake off the fear that was weighing on their shoulders.

Bai Zemin observed everything silently from his place and continued to eat his dinner as if he was not concerned about anything that was happening.

Wu Yijun raised an eyebrow at the sudden disturbance and looked at Bai Zemin before carefully asking, "Won't you stop them?"

"No need." He shook his head before pointing forward and said lightly, "The charming prince and the beautiful princess will do it anyway."

The charming prince and the beautiful princess? Wu Yijun followed Bai Zemin's gaze and finally understood what he was talking about.

"You... You're pretty funny hehehe." She couldn't help but shake her head and giggled as she saw Shangguan Bing Xue and Chen He walking towards the center of the conflict.

Bai Zemin unconsciously stopped his eating movements and looked at the woman sitting beside him out of the corner of his eye.

Funny? He is? That is something new. Bai Zemin shook his head and continued eating his dinner while looking ahead.

...

Shangguan Bing Xue had a deep frown on her face while Chen He looked somewhat worried at what was happening.

Both of them came from big families so they knew very well that in times of crisis, internal disputes were the beginning of the end. If at this point they could not stand together then it was unlikely that humanity could overcome this challenge as they would not only be attacked from the exterior but would also collapse from inside.

The scandal had reached a point where the intermingled voices made it impossible to understand what the others were saying and so no one noticed the duo approaching either.

"EVERYONE! SHUT UP ONCE AND FOR ALL!!!"

A deep voice thundered like lightning in the middle of the night and the voices that seemed too loud before were squashed as if it was nothing. The tympani of the people closest to the shout began to ache and they could feel a slight whistling sound as a result.

The person who had shouted was, of course, Chen He. As someone whose level was considerably high and had been constantly evolving and fighting, his entire general body was at least five or six times more powerful than that of a normal person. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"I-it's Chen He and Shangguan Bing Xue..."

"I think we went a little overboard..."

Seeing the dark expression on Chen He's usually gentle face and the even colder than usual expression on Shangguan Bing Xue's face, some people couldn't help but be scared after realizing what they had just done.

Seeing that everyone was silent, Chen He swept through the crowd of survivors with a sullen expression and said in a loud voice, "You are all idiots?! Don't you realize that all this commotion caused by you could attract powerful creatures from the surrounding area?! We haven't even cleared all the surroundings and only the northern area of this place is relatively safe!"

Since they had only moved to the pharmacy and the restaurant in search of supplies, only the vicinity of those two places were considered safe. However, the south, west, and east of the gym were still surrounded by all kinds of creatures and tens of thousands and even hundreds of thousands of zombies.

Chen He had already witnessed with his own eyes how terrifying a First Order existence was and knew that if two or more of those creatures appeared then most if not all of the survivors in this place would be slaughtered without being able to defend themselves.

They all lowered their heads in fear not daring to protest. Although many might turn savage and disagree, none dared to say it out loud.

"Someone want to explain to me what happened here?" Shangguan Bing Xue finally asked the core question of the matter as she looked at people's faces one by one waiting for an answer.

"Big sister Bing, it all started because of this ungrateful person!" Xiao Rong stepped forward and pointed at the first student who complained.

Ling Ming also stepped forward and supported her friend, "That's right, this person and his friends are ungrateful. Not only do they talk behind others' backs like cowards, but they also don't know how to appreciate the kindness given to them selflessly!"

"You!"

The pointed student turned pale and the group of friends beside him looked at the two girls with bloodshot eyes as if they wanted to eat their flesh.

"Is that true?" Chen He asked with a frown and looked at the group of five sternly, "You'd better tell the truth. Currently we have too many external problems to tolerate internal problems as well. Tell me what your name is and explain how all this fuss happened so we can try to find a solution."

The young man gritted his teeth and looked at Bai Zemin, who was still keeping his head down and eating with a beautiful woman beside him. Eventually, gathering his courage, the young man looked at Chen He and Shangguan Bing Xue and said in a straight voice, "My name is Pei Feng, a third-year student in the economics department... The reason for all this commotion is because of the rule he put up earlier!"

Shangguan Bing Xue sighed internally and even without Pei Feng saying more she already knew what the core of all this trouble was. She looked at him and said indifferently, "Are you talking about the rule masterminded by Bai Zemin in which supplies are distributed based on contribution?"

Pei Feng seemed to have calmed down after the initial fear and nodded without hesitation. He looked at everyone present and said loudly, "That's right! That nonsense rule! I'm sure everyone here is secretly upset about the whole thing! I mean, come on! Who in their right mind would be willing to go out there where a mutated mosquito could suddenly appear and dry us to death? Even those who agreed to go out there for the sake of eating their fill surely agree with me but agreed to do it for obligation!"