Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 661 - Sealed Door & The man who doesn't spare even his little sister

Of course, Bai Zemin had no idea that Lilith had decided to appear in front of Shangguan Bing Xue with unknown intentions and had angered her nor did he know that Shangguan Bing Xue was even brave and self-confident enough to threaten the powerful Higher Existence of Sixth Order.

If he knew about it, he would probably ask Lilith to give him an explanation for her peculiar behavior and of course he would also feel warm since what Shangguan Bing Xue had made was more than enough proof of how important he and his friendship was to her.

At that time, oblivious about everything that had just happened, Bai Zemin was walking towards the deepest part of the upper floor of the library under the guidance of one of the riflemen soldiers who came into the ancient ruin together with half of the group.

Soon, Bai Zemin was led to the end of the corridor, right in front of a wooden bookshelf that didn't seem to have anything unusual on it. He looked curiously at the soldier standing next to him and the man nodded in silent response before stepping forward and moving a particular book.

Crack!

Surprisingly, just like in movies and TV dramas, with a loud crack the wooden bookshelf moved slightly away from the wall revealing a gap through which one could easily reach in and push the bookshelf open.

"While we were moving the books just as Miss Wu Yijun ordered us to, I accidentally found this." The soldier who called Bai Zemin and led him here explained in a serious voice. Then his voice changed from seriousness to awe and reverence as he said in a flattering voice, "I think Miss Wu Yijun suspected that there might be a hidden door and that's why she gave us that strict instruction. But now that this has happened I must say that her foresight is truly otherworldly..."

Bai Zemin heard the soldier's words and could not help but sigh in his heart.

It was more than clear that Wu Yijun was still remembering what had happened during the second ancient ruin. For fear of missing out on any kind of thing that could somehow help the progress of the faction that they had basically created from the moment they had joined together at the university to face the dangers of the new Earth, she had commanded everyone to start moving the books in different patterns before removing them from the shelves, which meant that she somehow or other suspected that perhaps there might be a hidden mechanism at work here.

Unlike Bai Zemin and probably 99% of those who had entered into this ancient ruin, Wu Yijun had not forgotten about the hidden mechanisms. With all the magic circles and runes the group had been seeing all this time, each of them had subconsciously forgotten the existence of other, far simpler and much more "traditional" methods of hiding important things.

In fact, it was only now that Bai Zemin realized that during this entire tour inside the ancient library he had not actually seen even a single magic circle and there were only separate runes that according to Meng Qi were meant for preservation.

'I'll thank her and ask if there's anything she wants as a reward later.' Bai Zemin thought to himself as he hoped that Wu Yijun would not ask for something that would force him to say no.

"Team Leader, be careful." Said suddenly the man who led him here. "When I first spotted this place, I didn't dare to move on my own so I immediately left everything as it was and called you, so I don't know what might come out on the other side."

"Em. You've done a good job. You just back off just in case." Bai Zemin said mildly and the soldier quickly stepped aside as he clutched the Electromagnetic Rifle tightly.

Under the attentive and wary eyes of the rifleman, Bai Zemin slowly moved the wooden shelf out of the way by opening it as if it were a door. However, what he saw there was definitely something neither he nor the soldier expected to see.

What greeted the eyes of Bai Zemin and the soldier behind him was a double wooden door with two golden handles and a bizarre antique-looking latch; it was the typical wooden door that could be seen in supernatural movies that had vampire or wizard academies and the like.

But the most remarkable thing was that on the door, drawn on the wood with golden ink, a magic circle of at least two and a half meters in diameter with extremely complex runes glowed faintly as if to show its latent activity.

In addition, on the corner of the wall was a small white sign with a few words written in Mandarin Chinese.

"Office of the Director?" Bai Zemin's expression turned a bit weird as he read those words.

He squatted down and tried to see beyond the door but somehow was not surprised when all he saw was darkness. It was as clear as day that one of the runes that made up the golden magic circle was in charge of shielding the view inside the room from the outside.

Bai Zemin tried to open the door but was also not at all surprised when he failed to make the handles move at all. As for trying to destroy the door and open an entrance on his own.... Bai Zemin did not dare to do such a thing.

To begin with, he didn't know whether this place had a defense mechanism or not. However, his main reason was the golden magic circle that flashed like a living thing trying to warn him about the danger it represented to life.

No one in Bai Zemin's faction had a great deal of knowledge about magic circles and the only person who was just beginning to learn was Meng Qi. However, everyone who joined this expedition and was still alive had it clear in their hearts that if there were magic circles capable of teleporting large numbers of people and protecting structures from the changes the world was going through, then there should definitely be attacking magic circles with enough power to annihilate all kinds of threats.Want to see more chapters?

Besides... As Bai Zemin stared intently at that golden circle that was flashing at him and even released a slight vibrating sound, he felt every cell in his body screaming for him not to do what for a second crossed his mind.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

There were few things that Bai Zemin feared, and in fact, the only time he felt similar pressure was when Emperor Thannath of the asura race appeared before him during the invasion of Oblon World.

Considering that with all his trump cards on the table and utilizing the combat experience he had gained so far during his various battles to the death, as well as his wits and bestial instincts, Bai Zemin was confident that he would be able to take the life of a peak Third Order existence if he risked his life. However, he was self-aware and was clear that at least before he converted to a Second Order existence, wanting to fight against a Fourth Order existence was no different from suicide.

In fact, back then in Oblon World, Bai Zemin could barely cause any damage to Emperor Thannath even with his Void Fist; which undoubtedly belonged to the category of powerful and destructive skills in his arsenal. One had to remember that the Bai Zemin at that time was getting a lot of power boosts among which was a 20% increase to his overall strength thanks to the effect of the title 'Destroyer of Destroyers'!

Considering that only peak Third Order and Fourth Order existences presented mortal danger in a 1 vs 1 against Bai Zemin, the golden magic circle in front of him should definitely be able to unleash power comparable to the power of one of those two scales.

"Probably it's Fourth Order..." Bai Zemin sighed before reluctantly taking a step back.

"Team Leader, that door..." The soldier behind hesitated as if uncertain whether to continue.

"Go and get Meng Qi. Tell her I need her help up here." Bai Zemin ordered in a deep voice.

"R- Roger!"

...

"Big brother, this magic circle is even more advanced than the teleportation circles we saw before. I don't even understand a single rune out of all the ones in it." Meng Qi shook her head and rubbed her eyes hard as they had turned somewhat red after being exposed to the constant waves of mana flowing in and out of the golden magic circle.

"... Are you alright?" Bai Zemin asked with concern as he gently stroked her delicate back.

"I'm okay..." Meng Qi nodded and gradually stopped rubbing her closed eyes. She looked at him with her beautiful eyes still reddish and said in a voice thick with regret, "Big brother, I'm sorry.... Not only am I weak in strength but now I can't even help you with the single thing you expect me to do for you..."

She even bit her lip hard to the point where small drops of blood appeared on them.

Bai Zemin hurriedly pulled her into his embrace and while caressing her hair tenderly said in a serious voice, "Meng Qi, are you silly? I thought my little sister was the smartest of all? This magic circle is something that even I am fearful of and I dare not touch it casually, it's completely normal that you can't understand anything about it, silly girl."

Bai Zemin's words were undoubtedly helpful as Meng Qi's heart immediately felt more at ease. After all, if even her big brother who in her eyes was a practically divine existence couldn't do anything, then there was no way she who was thousands of miles behind him could do something. It was just that she really wanted to be of use to him, and feeling that she had failed him was a bit unbearable.

Looking at Bai Zemin who was slowly managing to calm Meng Qi down with his cuddles, Lilith couldn't help but smile and said in a joking tone:

"You little scoundrel, you and this little beauty are not related by blood right? Could it be that you plan to not even let your little sister go?"

Bai Zemin almost fell to the ground when he heard Lilith's words and to Meng Qi's shock he began to cough furiously with his face as red as an African monkey's butt.

"Big brother, are you okay?" Meng Qi looked at him in shock and for a second she thought that maybe the golden magic circle had launched an invisible attack before realizing that if she was okay then such a thing was not possible.

Bai Zemin did not respond to Meng Qi and instead looked at Lilith with incredulity.

He really felt like spanking her hard right now and if it wasn't for Meng Qi present Bai Zemin would definitely sit on the ground with her lying face down on his lap before he started spanking her until her bottom remembered the size and warmth of his palm!

Damn it, woman! How dare you say those words and with that foxy grin on your face! Bai Zemin wanted nothing more than to shout those words and catch Lilith to give her the punishment she deserved... but to avoid looking like a madman talking to the air he decided to swallow his words for the moment.

"Hahaha..." Lilith couldn't help but laugh with delight at the ever-changing expression on Bai Zemin's face. This was the first time she had ever seen him so awkward and even embarrassed about something!

It seemed to be that she had found another weakness in him, and Lilith would certainly use it to tease him more often from now on.