Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 664: Fourth Order Kang Guiying & Cursed Healer Xia Ya (part 3)

Under the watchful eyes of Bai Zemin and the two women, the pale blue glow surrounding the two bronze statues soon began to spread around the square with the fourth pagoda as the center.

At this point, there were already 6/10 parts of the entire square tinged with faint green color and now another 2/10 parts were lighting up, except that the color of the 7th and 8th parts was pale blue; which meant that there was an incoming challenge that needed to be completed before the color turned green and the victor could access the ancient ruin to get the treasures inside it left from distant times.

The group led by Bai Zemin was already accustomed to such sights after having challenged the trials of three pagodas. However, soon, a strange little event that clearly did not happen before took place.

Rumble....

"What happened? "Shangguan Bing Xue immediately became alert as she felt the ground beneath her feet shaking slightly.

Bai Zemin did not respond and the expression on his face was becoming more and more serious as he realized that there was perhaps something he had overlooked... Or maybe the person who built this place decided to change the patterns for the last two pagodas.

If this was the case, then what Bai Zemin and the two women were about to face might be a lot worse than several thousand Second Order beings...

Bai Zemin turned slightly to look at Lilith and tried to see something in her expression, but unfortunately for him, the expression on her face was flat and emotionless so he finally had no choice but to give up and look at the two giant doors that were slowly beginning to open backward, revealing the characteristic darkness that was in all the pagodas so far.

'If she can keep that indifferent expression, it means that at the very least I shouldn't fall in here.... Or should I?' Bai Zemin thought to himself somewhat unsure about the matter.

Flash! Flash! Flash! Flash! Flash!

Just as with the previous three pagodas, the glowing red eyes lit up in the middle of the darkness and an instant later the group of Bai Zemin noticed small blue dots that in less than a split second had turned into soccer ball-sized balls of energy.

Bai Zemin and the two women already knew what those bright blue energy balls meant.

"Scram!" Bai Zemin took a step forward and slashed his greatsword ferociously from up to down as he let out a thunderous roar.

Boom!!!

The air in front of Bai Zemin exploded at the terrifying pressure of Crimson Thunder Dragon's Last Words and his terrifying Strength.

At the same time as a huge sphere of pressurized air formed and shot forward at lightning speed pushing Xia Ya and Shangguan Bing Xue several steps back and splitting the air into two parts, hundreds of bright energy beams shot out from inside the pagoda and in an instant met head on with the huge sphere of air that had been formed by Bai Zemin swinging his weapon.

When the hundreds of energy beams fired from inside the pagoda by golems clearly carrying electromagnetic rifles met the huge air sphere, there was no explosion and no real crash as the energy beams seemed to have found their natural nemesis, and while some of them were ejected and sent flying in random directions, most of them turned into shattered energy particles.

The sphere of air that was like a small world measuring over twenty meters in diameter continued its path creating small explosions in the process until it finally arrived in front of the pagoda.

Boooom!!!!

What happened was the representation of how many times the aftershock or cause of an attack could be more resonant in comparison to the attack itself.

The pagoda, despite not collapsing, this time no longer stood as firm as before because it actually trembled slightly once the wind sphere could not get through the door due to its size. The wind sphere exploded and that wind instantly turned into thousands of sharp blades that were sent flying in all directions propelled by the power of the explosion.

The shooter golems inside resisted at first, but after several hundred cuts their armor began to shatter and after a few thousand their metal bodies began to crack as if they were made of dry sand and then hit by a truck.

Golems along with electromagnetic rifles alike were shattered beyond recognition.

But not even a second passed when more red eyes appeared in the inner darkness of the pagoda, and then beams of energy shot outward again.

"Second Order!"

Bai Zemin roared loudly and unhesitatingly swung his greatsword again in a wide diagonal arc.

The atmosphere exploded as if dozens of grenades detonated at the same time and all opposition from nature was cut in half by Crimson Thunder Dragon's Last Words.

This time, what was formed as a result of the diagonal arc was a huge blade of sharp wind over 200 meters long and which crushed the incoming energy beams entirely before slamming into the fourth pagoda.

Boooom!!!

It had only been maybe three seconds at most but the pagoda that had stood firm was now beginning to hesitate after receiving two attacks from Bai Zemin even though he was more than 300 meters distance away. In the process, at least 2000 golems were hit and most of them were turned into unusable scrap.

It was just at that moment when just as Bai Zemin had predicted earlier, over 5000 golden golems carrying giant swords burst out from inside the rumbling pagoda and with Agility corresponding to Second Order warriors closed the distance between them and the human trio in a heartbeat.

"Ice Spear!"

Shangguan Bing Xue's voice was like heavenly music amidst the rumbling of the earth.

She pointed towards the sky and with the activation of Ice Maker, the air above her head began to freeze very fast. The frozen particles soon began to take shape and in less than two seconds over 1000 spears appeared before they instantly began to fall like frozen meteors at the open pagoda.

The ice spears created by Shangguan Bing Xue did not make explosive noise like the swings of Bai Zemin's greatsword nor did they destroy the golems into thousands of pieces after hitting them.

The ice spears froze the air they touched creating beautiful stairs to the sky after touching the golden golems not only slowed down their movements but when 1000 of them raised their weapons to slash they could not move anymore as they were turned into frozen statues.

Bai Zemin seized the opportunity and as he held the greatsword in his right hand and slashed to his side, he shouted out loud:

"Void Fist!"

His now free left hand clenched into a firm fist and at the speed of light Bai Zemin struck a hundred times with all his Strength on the same point.

Booooooooooooooom!!!!!!

Booooooooooooooom!!!!!!

Booooooooooooom!!!!

Boooom!!!

...

At the same time that under the ferocious swing of Bai Zemin Crimson Thunder Dragon's Last Words wreaked havoc on the right side of the battlefield and destroyed thousands of golems with its power, the skill Void Fist did not lag behind and changed the left side into a hell of flying junk.

"Blizzard!"

Shangguan Bing Xue naturally wasn't going to let Bai Zemin do all the work. She immediately activated Blizzard, and at the same time she gracefully slashed forward, from the blade of her sword shot out a giant wave of icy wind that quickly spread to practically every place on the square in front of her.

Swoooooosh!

All the golden golems that had not been destroyed by the two attacks from Bai Zemin or the resulting aftershocks immediately froze in their tracks. However, this only lasted for a brief instant as the skill Blizzard was a skill that had no way of containing a Second Order existence for more than a second due to its scattered magical power.

But a brief instant was all that was needed for a powerhouse like Shangguan Bing Xue who possessed the ability and power to deal with Third Order existences.

She narrowed her eyes dangerously and chanted in an ice-cold voice:

"Inferno!"

A glowing orange-colored magic circle appeared on the ground and in a breath grew to over 200 meters in diameter. The golden golems were about to begin their charge when a giant tornado of fire swallowed their bodies and from the outside their silhouettes were barely visible, writhing for a brief moment before disappearing as if they had vanished. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"This skill...?" Bai Zemin looked over his shoulder at her with astonishment on his face.

"This skill was given to me by Chen He since it didn't suit him and his battle style at all." Shangguan Bing Xue shrugged and calmly explained, "The scroll fell after that guy who almost set the whole forest on fire at Camp Baiquan died."

"Oh..." Bai Zemin nodded carelessly.

He could vaguely remember that arrogant soul evolver who despite being as weak as an ant dared to challenge him but actually couldn't even overcome the shock of seeing his fire being devoured by the Endless Blue Lotus Flame before finally being killed by Chen He.

The face of Shangguan Bing Xue shone under the glow of the burning flames that continued to incinerate the golden golems that stupidly charged forward as she slowly explained, "If it was before I definitely wouldn't have learned a fire-type skill since it might weaken my ice-type ones.... After all, skills are attached to our souls and from a certain point of view, we are our skills. But after advancing to the Second Order and obtaining Spirit of Ice, I don't need to worry about such things."

"... I see." Bai Zemin nodded, noticing how slowly the fire tornado over half a kilometer high began to weaken and lose altitude, as well as power. "But, that fire boy had such a strong skill?"

Shangguan Bing Xue rolled her eyes and said with fake pain, "I naturally evolved the original skill. Besides, are you comparing me to a nobody? You hurt my feelings."

"Hahaha! Sorry, sorry!"

While the two were casually chatting and tearing apart enemies as if they were tearing apart paper ants, those who were watching the ongoing battle from a distance gasped at what they were witnessing.

Huge spheres of wind that looked like an active magic skill were being created just by swinging a weapon, a fist the size of a building destroying everything in its path as if it was the hand of God descending from the heavens, spears of ice raining down from the clouds and gusts of wind freezing everything in its path, tornados of fire that incinerated everything it touched without leaving a trace of its existence....

"This... This..."

Sun Ling looked wide-eyed into the distance, and when she tried to put into words the shock she felt in her heart, she failed miserably.

But in fact, everyone felt the same way.

"Bing.... Bing Xue?" Chen He muttered in shock as he looked at the goddess of ice and fire crushing golden golems as if crushing Second Order powerhouses was nothing more than a matter of hand swinging for her.

Chen He was not surprised that Bai Zemin was treating Second Order golden golems with such ease. At the end of the day, he had given up trying to comprehend how strong that young man who a couple of months ago was a nobody in his eyes was.

However, Chen He was definitely in disbelief at the battle power that Shangguan Bing Xue was displaying.

If you want to read more chapters, visit pa nda-novel,c.o,m.The power of the current Shangguan Bing Xue did not seem to be even a whit below Bai Zemin's terrifying power! How could such a thing even be possible! Chen He did not understand, he had no way of understanding how the distance that he thought was not so great had actually now become so colossal!

But in fact, just as for Bai Zemin his early confrontation against the First Order Blazing Beetle was a turning point, for Shangguan Bing Xue her breaking point was when she stubbornly decided to follow Bai Zemin and invade Oblon World, obtaining over 80% of the level 99 giant eagle's Soul Power while she was only level 50.

"Those two... Are they even human?"

Feng Hong gulped as he watched the flaming vortex finally die down, revealing nothing but metal puddles now scorched and stuck to the stone floor.

"We... We fight alongside such divine figures?" a soldier muttered in shock.

The soldier's words were precisely the words they were all wondering in their hearts. What they were seeing, the death of thousands of powerhouses comparable to Second Order soul evolvers, was by far millions of times more shocking than watching Bai Zemin annihilate the weaver ants!

The face of Feng Tian Wu was pale, but her eyes sparkled with desire and steadfastness as she watched the bright flames finally extinguish after incinerating everything in their path. Only she knew her own thoughts and doubts or resolutions at this moment.

...

Booooooooooom!!!!

Booooooooooom!!!!

Booooooooooooooom!!!!

The explosions continued and the golden golems were turned into trash under Bai Zemin's sword or frozen statues that were subsequently shattered by Shangguan Bing Xue.

Xia Ya, who believed that her Cursed Healer class would be crucial in this assault on the fourth pagoda due to its unique and special characteristics, watched in shock and wide-eyed as for five minutes the two young people in front of her seemed to become gods with divine powers or supreme beings who decided who lived or who died with a few words or a wave of their hands.

Xia Ya had always been very proud at heart. Her Cursed Healer class allowed her to borrow some of her teammates' power, temporarily rob her enemies of part of their stats, heal based on % health, apply curses of all kinds such as blindness, and more; she was basically a pious existence that not even Wu Keqian dared to disrespect in the slightest.

However, Xia Ya realized that she still had a long way to go when it came to true power. Even if she was confident that with Wu Keqian and Sun Yun they would be able to win against Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue, the risk was too high considering how good synergy the two of them had.

One could crush anything his weapon touched while the other could freeze enemies in their tracks with a single magic skill; such a duo was truly horrible to face.

Five minutes later and after taking out what seemed to be at least a few hundred thousand golden golems between the two of them, Shangguan Bing Xue's pretty face was sickly pale. Although she could annihilate thousands of Second Order powerhouses that could not reason or think of strategies and had no skills such as the golden golems, it was exhausting in the short term to consume so many quantities of Mana abruptly.

"Phew... Looks like that was the last wave?" Bai Zemin released the oxygen from his lungs and rested the weight of his greatsword on the stone floor as he looked at the surroundings cautiously.

"... It seems so...?" Shangguan Bing Xue frowned as she felt that something did not seem right even though there were indeed no more enemies appearing.

"Mm."Bai Zemin nodded. He was about to take a step forward when he suddenly noticed something that made his movements freeze. Contrary to what he was going to do, he quickly leaped back and raised his weapon in front of him.

Shangguan Bing Xue and Xia Ya subconsciously leaped backward and raised their guard to the maximum as they followed Bai Zemin's eyes into the open pagoda door.

"Who's in there?!" Bai Zemin shouted after several seconds of silence.

Actually, he didn't know what was going on at all. The only reason he knew something was wrong was because his Danger Sense skill was warning him but mainly because the magic circle under his feet was still pale blue and not light green; this meant there were still enemies to face!

His words surprised everyone and for several seconds they went unanswered.

However, a few seconds later, a cheerful and jovial laugh from the darkness of the pagoda rang out across the stone square:

"Hehehe... Young one, despite being so strong you are actually so cautious.... Not bad, I like you."

Followed by the sound of footsteps echoing amidst the silence, a silhouette slowly revealed itself beyond the darkness:

"My name is Kang Guiying, and I am the last trial you must face. As for my scale of power.... I would say it is somewhere around level 400? I think you could consider me a Fourth Order existence."