Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 679 - Humans vs. Weaver Ants: Fierce and deadly battle (Part 1)

Although Bai Zemin was worried about the rest of the team, he did not immediately leave the central passage through which he had entered in the company of four soul evolvers and a mutant beast.

To begin with, none of the teams had sent a signal asking for help, and as if that was not enough, there was also an even more important factor that Bai Zemin could not discard, and it was that if he had come into the most dangerous passage and leave it to go and help one of the teams, then what he would be doing would be to let the strongest weaver ants "free" to do whatever they wanted to do.

No matter how one put it, Bai Zemin was only one person regardless of how strong he might be. Bai Zemin had no way of splitting his body in two to help the two teams at the same time since in this kind of situation even sending a clone of him using the skill Lightning Movement the uses would be quite null considering that in front of the red-colored weaver ants a clone would be shattered in a matter of seconds.

Therefore, after leaving the previous room in which at least several million eclosing larvae were killed by Bai Zemin's Endless Blue Lotus Flame, what he did was to lead his team of five deeper into the central passage.

"Big brother, more weaver ants!" Meng Qi pointed to the front where a huge number of green dots were approaching at full speed raising a cloud of dust behind them.

"I've got it covered." Bai Zemin calmly replied as he pointed ahead. "Burn!"

Bang!

A whirlwind of blue flames shot forward from the middle of his palm and in an instant covered the 100+ meter width of the passageway. Surprisingly, however, the temperature of the place did not seem to have risen at all.

The firestorm of blue fire exploded with great power and when the flames were reflected in the large eyes of the army of weaver ants they did not even have time to comprehend what was happening as their bodies were engulfed by the blue flames.

The torrent of deep blue fire spread along the entire length and breadth of the passage, extending more than five kilometers and incinerating everything that crossed its path.

The bodies of the green-colored weaver ants exploded as soon as they came into contact with the flames of Bai Zemin and turned into a pile of mortal remnants, even the First Order weaver ants were not spared.

Approximately five seconds later, all that remained on the ground were several piles of Soul Stones glowing amidst the gloomy atmosphere of the cave.

"Amazing." Zeng Yun sighed in admiration as he looked at the massacre Bai Zemin had just carried out with a seemingly simple attack.

"What skill is that?" Feng Tian Wu couldn't help but ask due to the shock she felt.

What Bai Zemin had just slaughtered was not a few tens of weaver ants; it was at least 20,000 of them!

Twenty thousand enemies in less than ten seconds!

"This skill is called Endless Blue Lotus Flame." Bai Zemin replied without saying anything else.

He would not tell anyone he did not completely trust that his blue flames did not come from a skill but were the product of a natural treasure that in the past had been one of the few divine flames in the universe.

Although Bai Zemin had just annihilated a large number of weaver ants, he did not order his team to stop gathering the Soul Stones because time was crucial at this moment. Besides, when this battle against the weaver ants ended, everything inside this huge cave would be theirs and the Soul Stones would certainly not be walking anywhere.

Twenty minutes passed and during that time the group led by Bai Zemin found a total of five more rooms and all of them were filled with weaver ant larvae eggs. In addition, in those five rooms, there were also red ants guarding the developing larvae.

However, no matter how strong the Second Order weaver ants might be, in the face of Bai Zemin's overwhelming power, they were nothing. Therefore, the five rooms became the burial place for a few hundred thousand weaver ants along with millions and millions of larvae.

During that period of time, Feng Tian Wu reached level 50 and she had currently become a truly formidable existence on the verge of evolution. As for Nangong Lingxin, she had reached level 48 and was second only to Feng Tian Wu if Bai Zemin was left out of the equation.

Zeng Yun was in third place and was currently level 47, only one level below Nangong Lingxin. Meng Qi had managed to reach level 34 and Little Snow was still in the process of evolving so considering the large amount of Soul Power she had been accumulating so far, she would definitely jump at the very least to the level of Meng Qi when she completed her First Order requirements.

"Let's go all the way back." Bai Zemin ordered as he realized that the time limit for returning to meet the rest was approaching.

None of his team said a word and instead of wasting time they quickly followed him. Although they had not gone all the way through the passage, they had all agreed to meet again at the place where the path diverged into three branches so that it was impossible to continue unless they wanted the others to think that something bad had happened, which could have serious consequences.

The way back was naturally a lot smoother, after all, all the weaver ants had been eliminated. Bai Zemin and the other members of his team realized that apparently the entire colony was connected by several paths but they probably all led to a single direction at the end, or otherwise, more weaver ants would be waiting for them in the rear.

"Looks like Chen He and Bing Xue's team are doing well." Bai Zemin sighed in relief.

So far there had been no sign of help and there were also no weaver ants that had sneaked in from the other passages so at least it was a good sign.

However, Bai Zemin spoke too soon as just as they were halfway back a thunderous explosion seemed to shake the entire cave.

Boom!

"It's the group of Wu Yijun and the rest!" Nangong Lingxin cried out in worry.

Bai Zemin had put Wu Yijun, Sun Ling, and Chen He on the same team since leaving aside Shangguan Bing Xue they were among the most powerful people in the entire human team. Moreover, he was sure that Shangguan Bing Xue had also sent Xia Ya with the other team since other than herself Xia Ya was the only Second Order existence capable of holding another Second Order existence and even helping in times of need thanks to her class.

Bai Zemin's expression changed. He said nothing and with a single thought, the liquid storage pearl came out of his pocket.

"Ah!"

"What is this?!"

Bai Zemin ignored the screams behind him and after activating Blood Manipulation to create several giant red hands to grab each of his team members he shouted out loud:

"All of you, hold on tight and close your mouths so that you don't bite your tongues!"

Feng Tian Wu opened her mouth to ask what was going on but suddenly her vision went blurry. The explosive forward movement caused her mouth to close abruptly and as a result, she ended up biting her tongue.

Tears of injustice filled her eyes but she wisely did not try to say anything else this time and obediently did what Bai Zemin told them to do.

With over 1000 points of Agility, Bai Zemin's movement speed was just monstrous. His body was like a ghost that appeared and disappeared, as if he was teleporting as every time his figure became clear it was every 100 meters but that figure only lasted for an instant before being replaced by a new one 100 meters ahead.

* * *

About a minute before Bai Zemin sped up with no intention of wasting time after receiving the signal for help, a really bloody battle was going on in the passage on the left side.

Humans and weaver ants were facing each other with bloodshot eyes. In the eyes of each one of them, the only thing that was reflected was the figure of the enemy in front of them and none of the two sides seemed to have the intention of retreating at all.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

Chen He's body flickered in the middle of the battlefield, his silhouette coming and going amidst the seemingly endless sea of weaver ants. His right hand became a blur and the blue string of his Magic grade treasure bow constantly rumbled, firing over two hundred arrows per second which meant the death of at least twice as many enemies as the power of each of the mana arrows was big enough to pierce through several ants.

"Damn it! These fucking ants just won't stop coming no matter how many I kill!"

But Chen He was by no means happy and in fact, looked anxious. Even though he had killed over 200,000 weaver ants by himself, the number did not seem to drop at all and on the contrary each time the human group looked more and more overwhelmed.

In fact, were it not for Chen He himself who with his arrows took out hundreds of enemies per second, Wu Yijun who with her seeds had raised her own mutant forest that served to hold back and had already destroyed tens of thousands of enemies, Sun Ling who with her agile movements and charm that confused the enemy, Feng Hong with his fierce flames that had incinerated over 150,000 enemies, and Huang Tian who single-handedly saved the lives of almost all of the group's mages and archers at least a dozen times; the entire group would have been destroyed by this time.

But, there was one person who carried the hope of everyone present.

Chen He looked toward the battlefield slightly away from the rest, where two existences were engaged in combat several times more deadly compared to the battle the rest were experiencing.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

A red shadow and a dark-colored shadow were flickering, one chasing and destroying the surroundings with its powerful physical strength while the other nimbly and skillfully dodged the red shadow's attacks while casting several curses on the enemy.

The red silhouette was naturally a Second Order weaver ant.

As for the dark silhouette, it was none other than Xia Ya.

Although the red ant's Agility was nothing in the eyes of a monster like Bai Zemin, this did not mean that to Xie Ya it was not.

In fact, at the beginning of the fight had it not been for Wu Yijun acting in consequence, Xia Ya might have been cut into two pieces by the sickles of the red ant that was cunningly hiding among the endless sea of weaver ants.

Fortunately, however, Xia Ya seemed to be able to fight as an equal against the red ant even though the red ant was actually of a higher level. This was partially because taking advantage of the opportunity Wu Yijun had granted her at the beginning of the fight, she cast a curse called Limited Agility that for 10 minutes erased 20% of the Agility points from the enemy's system.

However, even though Xia Ya could currently hold her ground, a simple mistake would mean being caught by the red ant and her weak body would be torn apart even before she could scream in pain.

During this battle, even though the humans numbered only a little over 50 and their enemies numbered in the hundreds of thousands, none of them looked scared... In fact, they all seemed furious.

The humans' fury came from the fifteen human corpses that even in the midst of the battle were being devoured by the weaver ants.

It was the first time the expedition group had fought without Bai Zemin at the head and these were the consequences; consequences that could soon worsen.

Chen He frowned and after hesitating for a brief second decided to send out the signal for help. However, it was then that he caught sight of another red shadow charging from the distance and his pupils contracted to the smallest possible extent.