Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 681: Daughter of Gaia: Harmonious Heart

Huang Tian's death was a great loss to the human team. Even though he was not especially strong when compared to Feng Hong's fiery flames, even though his movements were not as fluid and agile as Liang Jing's, and even though he did not have strong crowd control skills like Zeng Yun.... The defense and talent for blocking enemies on the front line were top-notch.

Among those present, everyone had been saved in one way or another by Huang Tian's huge bone shield. The man had even taken not a few hits for the sake of not allowing his teammates to suffer injuries or to buy at least a second more of time all for the sake of allowing the mages and archers to launch an extra attack.nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Looking at the man who after every battle always ended up being the most badly wounded due to his constant sacrifice being mercilessly killed by the red-colored weaver ant, time seemed to stop for an instant, as well as the hearts of the soul evolvers fighting behind him.

"Huang Tian!"

Feng Hong was the first to come out of the initial shock and loyal to his flames anger began to grow in his eyes to the point at which his entire body was soon bathed in flames.

"You damn ant! This senior needs to turn you into a pile of ashes before I can sleep in peace tonight!"

Feng Hong pointed toward the cave ceiling over a thousand meters above the ground and shouted loudly:

"Apocalypse Flame!"

The red-colored weaver ant was about to continue unleashing chaos among the human group, but its movements stopped when it suddenly sensed the danger of death and out of pure instinct raised its head to look at the source of light that was slowly beginning to illuminate the surroundings.

A pale black magic circle had appeared at some point several hundred meters above the ground. The magic circle was composed of countless runes that no one could read or understand, but the most striking thing was undoubtedly the gloomy glow that released its presence and the pressure that came from within.

The skill Apocalypse Flame was the strongest attack skill that Feng Hong currently had. It was a skill with a two-day cooldown but had 300% damage compared to the user's magic damage and also added 300 Magic points to the caster's stats.

Considering that fire was undoubtedly the ants' weakness and taking into account that Feng Hong was a soul evolver who during the current battle had managed to break the Second Order after completing his breakthrough requirements, Feng Hong's skill actually had the ability to end the life of the red-colored weaver ant.

However, Feng Hong hesitated at the last second..... This was because if he cast his skill Apocalypse Flame on this place, not only would the red-colored weaver ant be engulfed in its destructive power but also he and the rest of the group as the skill did not distinguish between allies and enemies.

"Damn!!!"

Feng Hong gritted his teeth so hard that his mouth began to bleed, and as he looked at the red-colored weaver ant a little over 50 meters in front of him, his eyes seemed to want to tear the creature apart with his gaze.

While it was true that Feng Hong and Huang Tian were competitors since both men led different guilds, that competitiveness was by no means a reason for the two to get along badly since, at the end of the day, both men knew in their hearts that they were fighting for the same side. Moreover, after all they had experienced together after fighting practically without rest during the past days and overcoming trial after trial, Feng Hong like the rest naturally came to appreciate Huang Tian as a valuable brother.

Witnessing the person who saved your life on more than one occasion die in front of your own eyes, without being able to do anything and without even being able to take revenge... It was definitely a more than justified reason for Feng Hong to be so furious and sad at the same time.

But the red-colored weaver ant was not stupid. In contrast to the light green Unclassified and dark green First Order weaver ants, as a Second Order existence, the red-colored weaver ant was as intelligent as a normal human teenager so it was not hard for it to understand that Feng Hong could not finish the activation of the skill that could end its life.

Swoosh!

Even though things were like this, the red-colored weaver ant naturally would not let such a great danger exist so it immediately charged toward Feng Hong and in just a second closed the distance between the two of them.

Far from feeling fear, what Feng Hong felt the most was anger, frustration, and sadness as the two sickles of the red-colored weaver ant slashed toward him. His eyes were steady as he glared into the black eyes of the Second Order ant, and if glares could kill the weaver ant it would have died at least several thousand times by now.

Unfortunately, glares did not kill. At least, Feng Hong did not have the ability to do such a thing.

"Daughter of Gaia: Harmonious Heart!"

A beautiful and melodious voice rang out just then, making itself heard even amidst the mess that was slowly growing due to the loss of the main tank.

The surroundings suddenly lit up with a warm, faint emerald green light. For a moment, everyone could not help but feel warm inside and the murderous intent that blocked their senses seemed to disappear; of course, the weaver ants suffered the same fate as the humans.

Feng Hong, who was about to lose his head and the gates of heaven seemed to want to pull him in like an endless black hole, seemed to wake up when the red colored weaver ant stopped at the last second just when the sickles were an inch away from his neck.

Feng Hong, loyal to his position as the leader of the Phoenix guild and the third person with the highest destructive power in the entire Chinese Renaissance faction, smiled fiercely and placed both hands on either side of the red-colored weaver ant's head.

"Devil's Blazing Arrow."

Amidst the momentary silence that had covered over 1000 meters, Feng Hong's low but deep voice was as clear as the sun's arrival after the night's time limit.

Boom! Boom!

Two thunderous explosions shook the ground and all those closest to Feng Hong fell on their butts. The panicked screams from humans and shrieks of the weaver ants broke the silence that the skill 'Daughter of Gaia: Harmonious Heart' had brought to the war zone but even that only lasted for an instant as everyone calmed down again a moment later.

The flames engulfed Feng Hong and the red colored weaver ant, raising the temperature of the surroundings more than a few degrees, and had it not been for the fact that all the humans present were powerful soul evolvers whose minimum level had already broken beyond 30 after so many weaver ants killed they would have turned to ashes.

Approximately five seconds later, the flames disappeared just as the effect of the skill 'Daughter of Gaia: Harmonious Heart' ceased to affect everyone.

Strangely, however, even though the effect that soothed and calmed the hearts and souls of everyone present had stopped working, for two seconds, the battlefield continued to be silent.

There was only one sound heard in the midst of the silence.

Bang!

Feng Hong straightened his posture and took a deep breath. As he watched the headless corpse of the red-colored weaver ant fall at his feet, all that anger that clouded his mind gradually began to recede to be replaced by calm and sadness.

He looked at the person who had activated the skill 'Daughter of Gaia: Harmonious Heart', directly saving his life and indirectly saving the lives of the entire group as the red-colored weaver ant would definitely continue to wreak havoc after cutting off his head.

Feng Hong said nothing, he just nodded and in return, the other person also nodded without saying anything.

This person was none other than Wu Yijun.

Wu Yijun was sad. She also felt guilty about what had just happened. However, the present Wu Yijun was no longer that naïve girl who had come out of college with unrealistic dreams or who saw the world as if it was all rainbow-colored. Wu Yijun had seen death up close many times and the number of lives that perished in front of her was by no means few.

Therefore, despite the sadness and guilt she felt in her chest for the sacrifice Huang Tian had just made to save her life, Wu Yijun did not stand by idly or cry like an immature child and instead, she continued to fight. Because she was no longer Wu Yijun the granddaughter of the Premier of China or the daughter of the Mayor of Changping District; she was Wu Yijun, a powerful level 50 soul evolver in the midst of her breakthrough mission with powerful crowd control skills, attack skills, and defensive skills, she was one of the pillars of the faction that would soon rule the entirety of China and become one of the greatest hegemons on the entire Earth.

Maybe she could cry later and would definitely say thank you in front of Huang Tian's grave since apologizing would only be a great disrespect to the person who decisively gave his life in order to allow her to continue living. However, first, it was necessary to live and for that, she had to keep fighting.

Wu Yijun's skill, 'Daughter of Gaia: Harmonious Heart', was a UNIQUE Third Order skill that she had unlocked when her synchronization reached the highest point with her current class. This skill calmed the mind, soul, and heart of all living beings 1000 meters around her so that even the cruelest war would become a temporary paradise for 6 seconds.

However, without the effect of the skill 'Daughter of Gaia: Harmonious Heart', the battle resumed.

There was no time for breaks or regrets.

That was how the battlefield was, it was cruel and bloodthirsty.

Surprisingly and fortunately for the human group, during the next few seconds, there were no casualties. This was because Wu Yijun was activating all her skills at the same time, saving the lives of most of them at least once and crushing hundreds of weaver ants per second.

Wu Yijun looked sideways for a moment, at the head that even now had a carefree smile on its face, and her big dark eyes flashed with determination.

Even though her Mana consumption had shot up to the point where in less than 5 minutes she would run out of fuel, Wu Yijun refused to let anyone else die; at the very least, she would give 100% of her 100% to cover the position that Huang Tian had covered all this time but to save her life had to leave.

She would not even allow a single weaver ant to approach the corpse of the now fallen team's main tank.

Everyone's admiration grew tremendously as they looked at Wu Yijun and even people like Feng Hong came to have a new level of respect for her. If before there were still some who looked at her with respect just because she was the daughter of a Second Order existence, then now everyone respected her for her strength and tenacity.

Even Sun Ling, who had sighed in relief to see that her daughter was safe, was shocked as she looked at her daughter that seemed to have become a completely different person.

Unfortunately, the human group did not seem to be in luck.

Because only a few seconds later, another flash of red light shone in the distance and quickly made its way through the sea of weaver ants with its eyes fixed on the human group.

Only about 40 seconds had passed since Chen He launched the signal for help and in the process killed the first red-colored weaver ant, but in that time, the number of Second Order enemies was growing faster and faster.