Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 686 - A battle between weirdos

Approximately two hours later, Bai Zemin threw the last of the chocolate into his mouth and while observing the surroundings with lazy eyes turned the second box into a pile of ashes using his beautiful blue flame.

That's right, it had been two hours since Xia Ya had activated the skill Wolf Pack and during those two hours, the skill had surprisingly been latent at all times, greatly surprising everyone. In the process of devouring the content of his second box of chocolates, Bai Zemin even couldn't help but wonder if the skill Wolf Pack would be active forever or what.

"Looks like this is everyone's limit after all." Bai Zemin muttered as he clapped his hands in an attempt to wipe off the traces of chocolate left there.

Lilith looked at him with weird eyes and couldn't help but pointed out, "You know... I've met all kinds of people in my life but this is the first time I've seen someone eating chocolate while his subordinates fight to the death against enemies that don't seem to have an end in sight."

"Hahaha! I bet I'm the weirdest person you've ever met in that case." Bai Zemin laughed very pleased with himself.

However, to his surprise, Lilith shook her head and said in a serious voice, "No, not really."

"No?" Bai Zemin looked at her as if he was really surprised that someone else had taken his position as the weirdest person.

The corner of Lilith's mouth twitched a couple of times as she watched Bai Zemin acting like a little rascal and after a moment of silence she slowly explained, "I also know a person who likes to go to the battlefields wearing pajamas and has even fallen asleep while a few thousand Sixth Order existences launched all sorts of attacks trying to end his life."

"Pu- What?" Bai Zemin almost choked on his own saliva when he heard Lilith's words. He looked at her with wide eyes and said in disbelief, "You must be joking."

However, Lilith did not seem to be joking when she shook her head, leaving Bai Zemin even more dumbfounded than before.

A person had thrown himself into the middle of a battlefield wearing pajamas and even had the nerve to fall asleep while a few thousand Superior Existences launched attacks? Bai Zemin couldn't help but feel that someone was challenging him.

"Hmph! What's so great about showing up wearing pajamas on the battlefield?" Bai Zemin snorted without being too convinced. He began to walk to the front with the intention of leaving the central and most protected area of the circular formation as he confidently said, "There will be a day when this daddy will go to the battlefield in a bathrobe, with wet hair, and with a toothbrush in my hand! I will use a toothbrush to kill several thousand Sixth Order existences while dodging several thousand attacks!"

Lilith began to cough furiously when she heard Bai Zemin's words and her face turned red due to shortness of breath. She watched his back in disbelief and for several seconds couldn't help but wonder if it would have been better not to say anything.

Lilith knew that Bai Zemin was a competitive person by nature... But wasn't this a bit too much?

* * *

Kram World, castle of the Demon Lord and leader of the Demon Army.

In one of the rooms on the highest floor of the magnificent castle, the darkness was so dense that a normal person would not be able to see their own hand even if they waved it before their eyes.

Actually, the room was really spacious, so much so that it could easily be a house in itself. However, the room was really very plain, and it even felt desolate and cold, because except for the huge bed in the center, there was nothing else to appreciate.

If someone could see beyond the darkness, that person would be able to see that on the huge bed was a figure that looked too small in comparison to the bed that was over 7 meters long and over 7 meters wide.

This figure had hair as bright as gold and a face beautiful enough to make a fool of even the most beautiful woman on Earth, its slender body looked so delicate that it evoked a desire for protection in the heart of anyone who looked at it and its sleeping posture was so elegant that if a painter were present they would definitely want to immortalize this moment forever.

This figure, however, despite its beauty, was actually a man.

Acho!

The silence that had been present for a long time was broken when the sleeping figure sneezed noisily and his body trembled as if he was suffering from chills.

Lucifer slowly opened his sleepy eyes but he immediately closed them again and covered his eyelids with his forearm while muttering under his breath, "Too much light."

Such were the Demon Lord's first words after awakening from his sleep even though there was actually not even a speck of light inside the room.

A few minutes later, Lucifer slowly sat up and after a couple more minutes dragged his body out of his comfortable bed. He almost fell to the floor but fortunately managed to stay steady as he walked to the door of his room and muttered some strange words under his breath.

Lucifer left his room and walked down the long corridors of the castle, walking down a few floors without even seeing a single demon until he finally reached the third level where several individuals immediately began to greet him.

Lucifer approached a pretty succubus and asked with lazy eyes and a low voice that was too respectful to be a leader, "This.... Pretty miss, do you know where Fire Sorrow is?"

"M-Miss Fire Sorrow.... S-She is in the meeting room..." The beautiful succubus blushed as she looked at the charming Lucifer and barely managed to finish her sentence with difficulty.

"Thank you very much." Lucifer nodded and left silently.

More than a few demons gawked at him for a few moments before regaining their composure. Lucifer's charm was simply too high and even when his hair was a bit messy and his eyes half-closed because he was still sleepy, his beauty was enough that few women in the castle could beat him.

Arriving at the meeting room, Lucifer gently waved a hand and the huge stone door opened just enough to allow his body to pass through before closing behind him.

Fire Sorrow had been quietly reading some books and had been there for several hours, therefore, when she saw Lucifer approaching, she got quite surprised. However, she quickly stopped what she was doing and stood up.

"Your Majesty."

"Em." Lucifer nodded without much interest before plopping down on the first seat he could find.

Fire Sorrow waited for several minutes but even after twenty minutes Lucifer hadn't made another sound other than his initial "Em." Just as she was wondering the reason he came, Lucifer finally spoke.

Still keeping his head resting between his arms and with his arms resting on the stone table, Lucifer quietly reminded, "Fire Sorrow, remember to let me know when the Bloody Succubus Lilith leaves. I want to see if I can spot her cave."

Her cave? Fire Sorrow forced a smile and said in a bitter voice, "Your Majesty, Lilith has already left over half a month ago."

"Eh?" Lucifer jumped up from his seat and stared at her in astonishment as he muttered, "Why didn't you call me?"

Fire Sorrow's smile turned even more bitter as she said in a careful voice, "Your Majesty, try to remember carefully.... Several days ago, I sent Hellscar to wake you up because Lilith was leaving..."

"Hellscar?" Lucifer frowned for a moment before remembering something but in a blurry sort of way. He nodded and mumbled somewhat confused, "I remember a little while ago... someone knocked on my door and I threw that person into a separate space with the intention of letting that person out after I was done sleeping..."

Fire Sorrow didn't know whether to laugh or cry as she nodded, "Your Majesty, that person is probably Hellscar..."

"... I see." Lucifer nodded before sighing. He shook his head and said in a low voice: "Too bad, I missed this opportunity."

Fire Sorrow secretly shook her head and couldn't help but feel sorry for Hellscar. The fellow had been punished in the worst possible way for him just for wanting to deliver a message.

"Forget it in that case." Lucifer stood up and sighed again as he walked back the way he came.

"Your Majesty, may I know what you are going to do?" Fire Sorrow asked hurriedly.

"... Sleep."

"..."

Fire Sorrow watched Lucifer's back until the giant stone door closed with a mighty bang. The corner of her mouth twitched a couple of times as she muttered to herself, "I wonder if there will ever be an existence as peculiar as him."

She shook her head as she didn't believe such a thing was possible.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"Anything more peculiar than showing up on a battlefield wearing pajamas instead of armor? Only the day I see someone wearing bathing clothes could I believe such a thing." Fire Sorrow sat up and reopened the book she had just closed a few minutes ago.

She suddenly paused and frowned for a moment, ".... For some reason... For some reason I feel like me and His Majesty are forgetting something..."

But Fire Sorrow soon shook her head and focused on the book before her.

Inside a black space where one could not channel Mana and Strength was suppressed in such a way that it could not be used for anything too great, Hellscar felt like crying but had no tears to shed.

"Damn it! When are they going to get me out of this place?!"

* * *

Earth, China, the fifth and last ruin left behind by King Kang Guiying.

Because his subordinates were already exhausted after fighting for so many hours, Bai Zemin had no choice but to step forward to fight himself. After all, although he decided to stop spoiling his troops, it was not as if he was going to let them die stupidly.

Each and every one of them had fought bravely to the point that their legs and arms were shaking from Stamina consumption. Except for a few, all the others were riddled with wounds all over and could barely stand up so it was really hard to swing their swords or activate their skills.

During the entire combat, just before he decided to fully intervene as his subordinates had clearly been fighting with 100% of their strength and even giving their 101% on critical occasions, Bai Zemin had only intervened in specific cases.

These "specific cases" were naturally when more than two red-colored weaver ants appeared; the maximum number of enemies that Xia Ya could barely manage on her own without relying on Bai Zemin's stats.

Bai Zemin waved his hands from left to right and blue flames danced across the passageway, incinerating all the Unclassified and First Order weaver ants in an instant. Only the red-colored weaver ants managed to barely withstand the high temperature of the Endless Blue Lotus Flame, but even then, they were killed by Bai Zemin with relative ease using blood chains to restrict their movements and blood spears to crush their brains.

By the time Bai Zemin led his group back to the branching location before finally entering the passage where Shangguan Bing Xue's group was, he had already made considerable progress on one of the requirements he needed to complete to become a Second Order existence.

[Kill Second Order existence single-handedly using Blood Manipulation: 424 / 2000]

"At this rate, will I not end up completing at least half of this damn requirement by the time this stupid battle is over?" Bai Zemin asked himself in a low voice as he opened the passageway and got closer and closer to Shangguan Bing Xue.

Upon entering the passage, it was not difficult for everyone to notice how the temperature plummeted and as they looked at the stone walls they easily noticed several layers of ice covering the surroundings. Furthermore, from the distance, they could hear constant explosions and the gusts of cold wind continued to come from the front along with the endless sea of ants that continued to appear like an ever-present plague.

Indeed, even though he already knew it, Bai Zemin could not help but sigh in relief when several minutes later, he and his group found Shangguan Bing Xue.... Or rather, something Shangguan Bing Xue had probably created using her skill Ice Maker.

"Damn... That's cheating." Feng Hong complained in a low voice as he wiped the sweat from his forehead.

The weaver ants before them seemed to want to break something as there were several thousand climbing on a strange structure that was completely covered with ants. However, the weaver ants failed miserably as their bodies froze and fell heavily to the ground, breaking into small fragments as they crashed.