Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 690 - Bai Zemin vs. three Third Orderenemies!

Bai Zemin immediately judged that the incoming attack was not only aimed at his head but also realized that he would not be able to dodge it considering that his body was out of his control at the moment since he was flying through the air. His instinct automatically led him to do what was probably the quickest and safest way to avoid being hurt without revealing too many trump cards in the face of intelligent enemies.

A bestial roar burst from his mouth and the skill War Cry immediately activated, sending a terrifying sonic wave in the direction of the attack. But that wasn't all as Bai Zemin also activated Gravity Manipulation to change the trajectory of his body and even managed to raise a blood shield in front of his body after investing 50 Mana points.

All in less than a second!

Booooooooooom!!!

It was immediately followed by a huge explosion that shook the surroundings and the body of Bai Zemin that had been dragged to the ground due to the effect of the skill Gravity Manipulation rolled several tens of meters before he could get back to his feet with a single jump.

Bai Zemin couldn't help but frown when he saw that the blood shield he had raised had been 80% destroyed and the previous shockwave strong enough to shake his internal organs slightly. If he had not activated War Cry to weaken the power of the enemy attack, the shield might have been completely destroyed and he might have suffered some minor injuries that over the course of the fight would worsen and decrease his chances of emerging victorious and alive.

Raising his head, Bai Zemin saw that over 2000 meters away there was another blue-colored weaver ant staring at him with eyes brimming with murderous intent. However, different from the weaver ant from before, this second blue-colored weaver ant carried a two-meter tall and extremely sturdy-looking bone bow.

Archer? Bai Zemin immediately frowned as he realized that things were starting to get annoying.

But he didn't have time to think too much when a new attack from a completely different angle than before alerted him and without any other option he had nothing to do but stomp hard on the ground and retreat several hundred meters just before another thunderous explosion rumbled inside the hall.

Looking to the right, Bai Zemin saw that just over 500 meters away, a second blue archer-like weaver ant had appeared drawing a new bone arrow on its bow in preparation to make a new attack.

"Tsk." Bai Zemin clicked his tongue and for the first time, his expression turned serious.

Although he had the ability to fight Third Order existences and high probabilities of emerging victorious from combat, this applied for normal Third Order existences and not for weaver ants with Strength comparable to that of a peak Third Order existence.... This applied in a 1 vs 1 combat, not in a 3 vs 1 combat!

Shriek!

An angry shriek caught the attention of Bai Zemin and as he turned to the left he saw that the weaver ant that had been hit by him earlier finally stood up. The creature was looking at him with eyes burning with anger and unlike before it had not only lost an eye but its right arm now hung motionless at the side of its body.

Bai Zemin didn't think anymore and didn't delay either; he decided to take Lilith's previous words completely to heart this time.

"I'd better kill these damn ants as soon as possible before more trouble appears." Bai Zemin gritted his teeth and without hesitation activated Lightning Movement.

Boom!

A small explosion echoed inside the huge hall as the blue lightning flashes began to flicker around Bai Zemin's body, taking the three blue-colored weaver ants by surprise.

Bai Zemin did not give the three weaver ants time to think too much as he immediately created two perfect clones of himself and at lightning speed mingled with them several times.

The three blue colored weaver ants were creatures mainly focused on Strength and Stamina, therefore, while the Agility of the creatures was not low by any means, it could not compare to Bai Zemin's Agility in his normal state either; not to mention now that he had activated Lightning Movement.

Just as the two archers exchanged glances and raised their bows preparing to attack at the same time and destroy the enemy, their movements stalled again for an instant as the three identical humans charged in three different directions at the same time.

It was only for a brief moment that the three weaver ants were confused because although all three were existences whose intelligence could be compared to that of a fully grown adult human, the true experience of the three was mainly limited to life within the colony and the few times they went out to hunt beasts from the surrounding mountain range. It was the first time they had seen such a strange skill so naturally, they were confused for a second before reacting.

One second was not a long time and in the next second the two archers had launched two bone arrows in the direction of two Bai Zemins. It was practically impossible to distinguish between the real one and the fake one at this point unless the other party knew the real Bai Zemin, therefore, the two archers didn't know if they had shot the real enemy or not.

Booooom!!!

The first clone was blasted apart as the bone arrow pierced it, turning into a bunch of electric sparks that danced in the surroundings for an instant before disappearing without a trace.

A second later, just twenty meters away from reaching the second blue archer-like weaver ant, the last clone was hit in the chest by the bone arrow that had enough power to turn a warship into a pile of scrap metal. With no surprise, the clone was destroyed by the attack of the blue weaver ant.

However, what happened next proved the difference between the blue weaver ants and Bai Zemin; combat experience and peak knowledge of his skills!

Booooooom!!!

After the second clone exploded, a group of blue flames that seemed to be hidden inside the clone's body burst outward and before the blue-colored weaver ant could react to the sudden change it was engulfed by the hidden attack.

The creature writhed as the embracing pain enveloped its body and struggled fiercely to shake off the flames, managing to scatter 99% of them to the ground after driving them away with powerful Mana blasts. However, the Endless Blue Lotus Flame was a flame that could theoretically spread endlessly and burn forever as long as it had Soul Power in it; therefore, no matter how much the blue-colored weaver ant struggled, its body always found itself surrounded by blue flames.

The bone bow only lasted an instant under the punishment of the flames before it turned to ashes and it was clear that the blue-colored weaver ant would definitely die within several minutes unless it could do something about it.

The first archer who had been fortunate enough not to be the target this time wanted to help its fellow archer, but it suddenly seemed to realize something and turned its body abruptly. When the insect-like creature saw the other blue-colored weaver ant, the one that had been fighting the invading human from the beginning, its eyes seemed to twitch for a second as it realized that they had been tricked.

Just before, as the two archer-type weaver ants focused on the clones, Bai Zemin took the opportunity to stealthily activate Ending Sorrow, the skill attached to his boots that granted him a terrifying boost of +100 points of Agility for 50 minutes; a skill that Bai Zemin was rarely forced to use due to his already high Agility.

The burst of speed naturally pushed him along quickly, and by the time it was revealed that the other two "Bai Zemin" were fakes, the real one finally arrived before the blue-colored weaver ant that specialized in melee combat.

The blue-colored weaver ant, enraged by all the wounds it had suffered, clenched its left fist and prepared to attack when suddenly an irrational amount of fear enveloped its body causing its movements to completely stagnate.

An extremely terrifying aura filled the room and the grayish-white light in the room seemed to turn slightly blood red. Even the wind seemed to freeze for a moment.

This was the first time Bai Zemin activated this skill since he learned it during the great war on the bridge which besides the human race also involved the zombie race, the beast race, and the marine race..... In addition, Bai Zemin activated this skill to the maximum extent possible and did not hold back at all.

Lonely Wolf Aura, a Second Order max level skill that depended on how strong the user's killing intent was.

Bai Zemin, who had killed enough enemies either directly or indirectly to be able to annihilate 1/7th of the human race before the apocalypse, released all the killing intent he had been restraining all this time; he did not hold back even a little!

The blurred image of what looked like a blood-red wolf rose up behind Bai Zemin, reflecting in the eyes of the terrified weaver ant who could only tremble with fear as a consequence of gaining the ability to think and reason for itself.

At the same time as Bai Zemin closed the few meters distance, he raised both hands above his head and made a grabbing gesture. A second later, creating several explosions along the way, his most reliable weapon came firmly into his grip with red flashes and crimson burning flames around it.

Bai Zemin roared and in the midst of his downward swing did not hesitate to activate Gravity Manipulation x30.

The atmosphere trembled and the entire hall that seemed to be as large as an entire city rumbled at the swing of Crimson Thunder Dragon's Last Words being wielded by an existence relatively close to 1000 Strength points.

Although this seemed to be a simple attack, it was actually one of the most powerful attacks that Bai Zemin could perform at the moment!

This was an attack that apart from Bai Zemin's Strength also charged up the 10,000 physical attack points of his greatsword, as well as the 6000 kilograms that would transform into 12,000 after hitting the ant's body. On top of that, Bai Zemin had activated Gravity Manipulation to the maximum possible and had even activated Crimson Flame to increase his overall attack power by 20%.

"Mr. Ant, if you manage to survive this then I'll call you grandpa!"

BOOOOOOOOM!!!

An explosion that simply could not be compared to any of the previous explosions broke out inside the hall. The floor shook and the walls rumbled. The magic circles hidden in the walls finally revealed themselves and released a faint glow that absorbed the fierce and destructive shockwaves when they struck the walls, preventing the total collapse of the building.

[You have received the Soul Power of Third Order 'Royal Guard Ant' level 139. You can not absorb the obtained Soul Power or receive additional stats before completing your class advancement quest.]

Bai Zemin didn't even look at the practically unrecognizable body of the Third Order weaver ant and with a powerful kick sent it straight towards the door he entered through earlier. He believed that Shangguan Bing Xue would understand his message after seeing the body of the creature.

Although the words 'Royal Guard Ant' caused Bai Zemin to feel a little apprehensive, he did not stop to think about it as time was crucial at this moment, and just like Lilith had advised him earlier, what Bai Zemin aspired to do was to slaughter all the Third Order weaver ants as quickly as possible.... Besides, he had already set the stage to take the life of his second victim.

Bai Zemin kept his skill Lonely Wolf Aura active at all times and without hesitation turned around before launching himself with a powerful burst straight towards the Third Order weaver ant that was still struggling and shrieking under the assault of the deep blue flames.

Although Lonely Wold Aura was a powerful skill under Bai Zemin's control, it was clear that it had a certain range limit as the blue-colored weaver ant that was free did not even hesitate as it raised its bone bow and launched a powerful arrow toward him.

"Scram!" Bai Zemin shouted loudly and without even looking at the incoming attack threw his greatsword with all his might.

The tip of the greatsword and the tip of the bone arrow met in mid-flight, stopping for an instant before a powerful explosion erupted.

Boooooooooooooom!!!!

At the same time as the bone arrow was pulverized and Crimson Thunder Dragon's Last Words was sent flying away, Bai Zemin leaped with great power and soared over 1000 in an instant. He again used his weapon's special Option to change the flight course of the greatsword such that like a boomerang it now flew towards his outstretched hands above his head.

The eyes of Bai Zemin were fixed on the writhing silhouette at the same time as he fell directly in that direction. Soon, the familiar feeling of the grip and weight of his weapon transmitted from his hands, and with a mighty war roar, he activated Gravity Manipulation to the maximum without a second thought.

"Die!"Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

The blue flames engulfing the creature's body faded away at the same time as the thunderous roar echoed through the place. The Third Order weaver ant was still writhing in pain with white smoke rising from its scorched body when it suddenly froze as the silhouette of the human from before grew rapidly before it.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!

[You have received the Soul Power of Third Order 'Royal Guard Ant' level 128. You....]

Bai Zemin ignored the Soul Record's message and without hesitation turned to charge toward the last weaver ant.

The creature immediately backed up and prepared to attack, but unfortunately, the distance between it and Bai Zemin was now 50 meters as it had earlier tried to help the recently killed weaver ant.

Moreover, the blue-colored weaver ant did not notice the small spark of fire hovering above its head, casting a shadow right behind it.

Suddenly, the silhouette of the human disappeared from the blue weaver ant's range of vision and it immediately panicked. However, its body suddenly froze for a second before everything disappeared forever.

BOOOOOOOM!!!

[You have received the Soul Power of Third Order 'Royal Guard Ant' level 125. You....]

Bai Zemin took a deep breath as the corpse of the third Third Order ant fell to the ground heavily and the ground beneath his feet trembled violently. He straightened his posture and rested the weight of his weapon on top of his right shoulder as he looked around cautiously.

Even though the battle had ended considerably fast, he was somewhat tired right now. It was not the same to face an Unclassified weaver ant for a few minutes than to face three Third Order enemies whose power could threaten your life for a few minutes; it was obvious that the Stamina consumption Bai Zemin had just experienced had been relatively large not to mention the mental exhaustion.

At the same time, floating in the sky, Lilith's eyes trembled with shock and excitement as she watched Bai Zemin wipe out the three Third Order existences. Regardless of whether it was reaction time, thought process, agility in activating skills, knowledge of himself and his powers, cunning.... Everything had been perfect!

Lilith knew that Bai Zemin was absurdly powerful for the level he was currently at, but she was undoubtedly amazed by his experience and prowess on the battlefield!

A proud yet happy smile appeared on her face as she watched the man she had decided to spend the rest of her life with cautiously looking around the environs without letting his guard down at all. This was one of the few times Lilith witnessed such a beautiful and well-executed battle; she was sure that even the great lords of the universe would have to admit defeat in this regard if they wanted to compare with the Lower Existence before her.

However, the smile on Lilith's face soon faded from her and she narrowed her eyes as she muttered in a voice that only she could hear:

"Now, let's see how they deal with what's to come..."

There was a tinge of worry in her voice and in her eyes.... But no one but her knew it.