Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 692 - Battle on the battleship: Whirlwind of fire and lightning

When he reached the top of the Sky Destroyer, Bai Zemin was a bit surprised to see that there was really nothing more than a flat surface with a metal railing around it, probably intended to prevent someone from falling as a result of an oversight or mistake.

But... where the hell were the cannons then?

It was then that Bai Zemin realized that from the distance, the magic cannons seemed to have been installed on top but were probably somewhere inside the Sky Destroyer; a part high enough to make it look as if they were on top.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Just as everyone was looking around with curious and wary eyes, a flash of white light shone in the distance, and moments later several silhouettes appeared on top of the Sky Destroyer.

"Looks like this will be our battlefield." Shangguan Bing Xue scoffed and without hesitation stepped forward.

She activated several skills at the same time and in response a light armor froze on her body, frost aura began to dance around her causing her silver-white hair to gently sway, blue lightning flashed around her graceful silhouette, and finally, a second sword but made of ice materialized in her free hand before lighting up with pure white radiance.

Except for Xia Ya and Bai Zemin, the others were forced to take a couple of steps back as they began to be affected by the frost surrounding the body of Shangguan Bing Xue and her aura that had risen several levels.

"I'll go first."

Xia Ya smiled faintly and a flash of excitement shone in her eyes as she looked at one of the three blue-colored weaver ants next to the twenty-plus red-colored weaver ants that seemed to be waiting for something as they did not charge over despite appearing. However, just as she was about to charge forward, Bai Zemin grabbed her by the shoulder and stopped her.

He shook his head at her gaze and said in a clear voice, "Your task this time will be to give buffs to our team and launch curses on our enemies."

"What?" Xia was already in disbelief. She looked at him with surprise in her big eyes and subconsciously asked, "Why?"

She was sure that if she connected with Bai Zemin, her power would skyrocket enough to be one of the top three fighters on this battlefield. Xia Ya would be the reason why many lives could be saved.... But he was holding her back and wanted her to stay behind?

Bai Zemin looked at her without blinking and said indifferently, "Because I need you alive."

"You need me?" Xia Ya looked at him with wide eyes.

In fact, not only Xia Ya was shocked, but everyone was shocked by the words spoken by Bai Zemin. Especially people like Shangguan Bing Xue, Wu Yijun, Meng Qi, Feng Tian Wu, Chen He, Nangong Lingxin, Zhong De, and Cai Jingyi.

Feng Hong even whistled and raised an eyebrow as his eyes darted back and forth between the two people as if trying to find out something interesting.

Bai Zemin didn't care what the others thought and if they wanted to think badly then let them think so. The important thing was that if even Lilith told him to pay special attention to Xia Ya, then he would not ignore those words no matter what.

"Be that as it may," Bai Zemin continued and said ruthlessly, "That's your main role now and in this battlefield. Except for providing help in times of emergency, you are not allowed to fight against the blue-colored weaver ants. If you disobey my orders then I will not hesitate to break my connection with you even if it costs you your life. A soldier who doesn't obey the orders of the general on the battlefield can lead to an entire army being defeated...we don't need that kind of soldier in this group."

The expression of Xia Ya changed when she heard Bai Zemin's words. She knew that he could really break the connection between the two of them even though in theory such a thing should not be possible, therefore, she did not doubt his words and his cold expression made it clear that he really meant what he said.

Finally, Xia Ya had no choice but to give up and nod: "I understand, Leader."

What else could she do? Although she wanted to further purify her Soul Power and become more powerful by taking the lives of some Third Order existences, Xia Ya was a woman who was 29 years old and had learned the hard way to retreat when it was necessary to take a step back.

Bai Zemin nodded in satisfaction. As long as Xia Ya understood that regardless of how important she was the person holding the reins in reality was Bai Zemin everything would be fine.

"You will soon understand why I don't want you to fight these Third Order ants." Bai Zemin declared and at the same time as he took a step forward a cluster of crimson flames burned around the blade of his greatsword. "Shangguan Bing Xue and I will take care of the Third Order enemies. The rest of you take care of the Second Order enemies."

Everyone nodded and with serious expressions prepared to fight as it was just at that moment when there was a new flash of white light. The expressions of everyone in the small human group turned ugly when they saw that as the flash of white light disappeared, another group of ants brimming with murderous intent appeared on the deck of the ship.

Bai Zemin's expression turned especially ugly as he saw that the previously three blue-colored ants had now become six of them, and to make matters even worse, there were also another twenty red-colored weaver ants.

[Lightning Movement!]

Bai Zemin did not hesitate to activate his Second Order movement skill again and decided to take advantage of the effect of the skill Ending Sorrow from his boots that still lingered.

"Bing Xue!"

"Sonic Speed!"

Boom!

Shangguan Bing Xue's body turned into a blur as Bai Zemin's low growl reached her ears and in an instant she crossed over 1000 meters. She was relatively small compared to the two-meter tall blue-colored weaver ant; even more so when Shangguan Bing Xue's body was slightly leaning forward.

The group of weaver ants was clearly taken by surprise at the enemy's explosive speed, and before they could react, the human woman had already arrived right in front of one of the royal guards.

However, the blue-colored weaver ants were Third Order existences and while the explosive speed Shangguan Bing Xue had for a brief moment after activating Sonic Speed which granted him 400 points of extra Agility for two seconds before going into cooldown for 12 hours, the weaver ant's antennae also served to help it detect enemies and somehow react to unexpected attacks.

The blue-colored weaver ant raised its glittering sword and was about to slash downward with its monstrous Strength when suddenly its movements stalled for a brief moment. The beast's eyes turned dull and the Strength left its body as if it didn't know why it was fighting in the first place.

Shangguan Bing Xue did not dare to fight the blue-colored weaver ant in terms of Strength because she was fully aware that her Strength stat was not her forte, unlike the creature. Therefore, she activated her skill Third Order Charming Eyes without hesitation.

Her beautiful blue eyes took on a faint red glow and as her Charm increased and focused on her eyes, her Magical Power and Mana made sure to boost it even more. Seeing the blue colored weaver ant's movements stopping for a second, she whispered under her breath:

"Cosmic Sword."

Swoosh!

The sound of the wind being cut in two followed by a sharp flash of silver light illuminated the surroundings for an instant.

The next moment, everyone was shocked by what happened.

Clang!

The sword in the hand of the blue-colored weaver ant fell to the floor at the same time as a thin tear appeared on its neck, slowly growing. Moments later, green blood began to slowly flow from the wound and only a second later the head fell to the side being followed shortly after by the lifeless corpse.

At the same time...

BOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!

A terrifying explosion shook the surroundings and the shockwave sent all the red-colored weaver ants flying; some of them even suffered damage in the process after receiving the resulting heavy impact.

The dull thud of a lifeless body falling to the ground was suppressed by the persistent rumbling of the atmosphere inside the giant hall. There, standing right in front of the blue-colored weaver ant whose head had exploded without leaving anything behind, Bai Zemin slowly retrieved his weapon.

Just before, when Shangguan Bing Xue charged, he hid behind her using Invisibility. Then, Bai Zemin jumped into the shadow of one of the Third Order weaver ants and while hitting the surprised enemy with all his Strength, he activated Gravity Manipulation to the maximum extent possible.

As if they could read each other's minds; the result of so many battles fought together and sharing moments of extreme difficulty, Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue did not think twice as they jumped in each other's direction and stood back to back.

It all happened in less than two seconds!

The weaver ants immediately snapped out of their daze and the murderous intent of all of them grew. Bai Zemin did not have time to ask Shangguan Bing Xue about that Cosmic Sword skill that seemed terrifyingly powerful as he was soon assaulted by two Third Order weaver ants carrying silver spears.

He hurriedly turned Annihilation of the Falling Sky into a giant golden-colored sword and with his left hand wielded it at the same time he slashed fiercely forward with his right hand where Crimson Thunder Dragon's Last Words crushed all resistance.

Booooooooooooooom!!!!

Booooooooooom!!!!

The two greatswords met face to face with the two enemy spears and explosions shook the surroundings again with loud booms. Bai Zemin was forced to back up more than ten steps while the two weaver ants only retreated five each so it was clear that he was at a disadvantage during the previous encounter.

Bai Zemin did not even have time to move when the two other Third Order weaver ants charged at full speed and hacked at him with eyes filled with murderous intent.

However, despite knowing that he did not have time to straighten his posture enough to receive the two giant maces that looked especially heavy, Bai Zemin did not panic.... This time, he had people who possessed enough power and ability for him to trust.

"Blizzard!"

"Lessening of Power!"

Two distinct but both melodious voices broke out amidst the rumbling caused by the swinging of both maces. One of them, the second one, was the cause of a strange dark mist appearing around the Third Order weaver ants, and consequently the power with which the giant maces advanced decreased considerably.

Swoooooosh!

With an elegant yet dangerous arc, Shangguan Bing Xue slashed with her sword and a huge mass of frost mist shot forward like lightning.

The effect of the skill Blizzard was instantly manifested.

The movement speed and attack speed of the Third Order weaver ants plummeted by more than 30% as their bodies were covered by large volumes of frost-like energy. Even the power behind the giant maces dropped even further and the trajectory of the attacks was slightly affected.

Bai Zemin took the opportunity to make use of his higher Agility and like a ghost he snaked between both maces; maces that although they had the ability to hurt him due to the Strength of those wielding them, as well as their clearly high power, no longer had the ability to touch him due to their low speed.

The effect of the skill Blizzard diminished rapidly and for every split second that passed the four weaver ants that were affected by the skill began to regain more and more speed. However, from such a close distance and in a combat among such powerful existences, a single split second was enough for one powerhouse to take the head of another.

Bai Zemin appeared in the midst of the four Third Order ants, and just as he was about to attack a flash of inspiration suddenly shone in his heart. As if he was in some sort of trance, he released his grip on Annihilation of the Falling Sky and tightened his grip on his strongest greatsword.

Deep blue flames enveloped the weapon and as they merged with the crimson flames, a beautiful and elegant dark purple color was formed. The temperature rose quickly causing the effect of the skill Blizzard to naturally begin to recede faster than before.

However, just as the four Third Order weaver ants turned and charged toward him after fully regaining mobility, Bai Zemin made a strange foot movement and slashed with his weapon fiercely to the right.

He did not struggle against the weight and movement of the greatsword; instead, Bai Zemin accompanied and guided in such a way that his body began to spin in circles in the same place. The thing was that with more than 6 tons as momentum plus Bai Zemin's +1200 points of Agility.... The spinning speed could not even be imagined.

In just an instant, a whirlwind of purple flames surrounded Bai Zemin's body, and a second later that whirlwind of purple flames enveloped everything around him, including the four blue-colored weaver ants, before it began to soar towards the ceiling of the cave that was not even in sight.

Shangguan Bing Xue's expression changed and without hesitation she backed away abruptly as the increasingly fierce purple flame whirlwind roared as if a dragon-like beast was hiding inside.

ROAR!!!!

Red lightning abruptly covered the whirlwind of purple flames before mingling with them, resulting in a thunderous roar that reverberated within the massive hall.

As the whirlwind of fire and lightning grew increasingly fierce, Shangguan Bing Xue and the others could not help but be stupefied to see that now even the red-colored weaver ants had been drawn into the eye of the storm and had been swallowed up by the roaring whirlwind.