Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 694 - Second Order Blood Mystic's progress

After two hours of exhaustive combat, the human group composed of Second Order soul evolvers or First Order soul evolvers with qualities that made them unique existences, finally managed to take a deep breath and let themselves fall on their butts to rest.

They had been tense for more than ten minutes waiting for a new teleport of a new wave of Second Order and Third Order enemies, but fortunately for them, it didn't happen.

Although for some reason the weaver ants were not arriving all together, it was clear that after fighting and killing approximately 500 Second Order existences, each and every one of them was exhausted; even with the skill Wolf Pack of Xia Ya, mental exhaustion was not something that could be avoided.

In fact, except for Wu Yijun and Meng Qi, who had remained in the back at all times as neither of them possessed the power to participate in this kind of battle yet, everyone else had received injuries of varying magnitudes.

"Ugh!" Feng Tian Wu made a grimace of pain as she slowly let her tired body slump down using the railing of the battleship for support. She had a fairly deep cut in the abdomen area and even though the leather armor she was wearing mitigated some of the damage, the edge of the Second Order weaver ant's sickle was truly frightful.

"Tian Wu, are you okay?" Feng Hong asked in a soft voice as he slowly sat down next to his daughter, wincing in the process but avoiding making any sound. His entire body was covered in blood that had dried up due to the power of his fire-type skills.

Feng Tian Wu wanted to complain a lot, but as she looked at the surroundings and saw that everyone was struggling in their own way against the pain caused by injuries and exhaustion, she simply gritted her teeth and said in a low voice, "I'm fine, this kind of injury is not a big deal."

Feng Hong looked at her for a few seconds and a glint of pride flashed in his eyes. He knew his daughter better than anyone else and had watched her grow up. Feng Hong was aware that in her entire journey up to this stage, the number of times Feng Tian Wu had been injured in combat was negligibly small, and from a certain point of view, it could be said that the injury she had on her abdomen right now was one of the most serious she had experienced to date.

Ever since the Soul Record appeared on Earth and changed the human body from deep within, Feng Tian Wu turned out to possess a terrifying talent for magic. Even Feng Hong, who was currently of a higher level compared to her, had no confidence in defeating her in real combat; this was because Feng Tian Wu was an existence with three times more Magic and Mana compared to a normal soul evolver from the very beginning and was now the possessor of a unique class that only belonged to her and no one else.

"You've changed, a bit." Feng Hong said quietly as he closed his eyes and sighed.

"Me? I've changed?" Feng Tian Wu looked at him with a raised eyebrow as she used her palm to cover her abdomen lightly.

"... You have become more mature at a certain point. Two weeks ago, my dear daughter would definitely have been furious to suffer this kind of injury..." Feng Hong slowly opened his eyes, and while looking at the two people more than 1000 meters distance away, he said with a sigh, "My daughter from two weeks ago wouldn't even be willing to share a place with other people. But look at you now."

"Talent?" Feng Tian Wu couldn't help but shook her head at her father's words. She used to believe that she had been chosen by the gods, all the enemies that crossed her path were turned into ashes before they even got close enough to her.

But now...

Feng Tian Wu looked at the handsome black-haired young man who still stood firmly in the distance with a giant sword in each hand. Her eyes shifted to the white-haired immortal beauty who was chatting about something with the young man while holding two white swords due to the effect of some skill.

"In front of truly talented people, I am no more than a red-colored weaver ant." Feng Tian Wu said in a flat voice. She looked at Chen He, Nangong Lingxin, Cai Jingyi, Zhong De, Liang Jing, Zeng Yun, Teng Hua. "I realized that there are many more in this world capable of matching and even surpassing me... What is there to be proud of then?"

Feng Hong looked at the people next to them as well and nodded.

Before coming to this expedition, even Feng Hong himself was proud and somewhat arrogant. After all, he had the strength to back it up. However, now that he had fought alongside a team composed of only people who were genuinely strong, he realized that at the end of the day, his pride and slight arrogance didn't really make much sense.

"I'm really glad to have met Leader Bai." Feng Hong sighed and slowly closed his eyes as he whispered softly, "I have learned many things from a young man even though I am this old. Really, life and fate are interesting and mysterious matters."

In the distance, Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue were trying to figure out how to get into the battleship with Meng Qi's help.

Bai Zemin's body had several wounds and his new armor had several cuts here and there. Due to his practically suicidal fighting style in which his only goal was to crush the enemy in the shortest amount of time possible even at the cost of suffering himself, it was simply impossible to come out of so many fights against Third Order existences completely unscathed.

However, these kinds of injuries were easily ignored. The current Bai Zemin was an existences whose physical defense was so high that even if a shell bullet fired by a war tank 50 meters distance away hit him full-on, he would definitely not suffer more than lower grade damage in the worst-case scenario.

As for Shangguan Bing Xue, she was in perfect condition except that her face was slightly pale due to the consumption of Mana and Stamina. During the entire previous battle, she mainly acted as a support, and only on rare occasions did she step forward to take the life of a blue-colored weaver ant taking the opportunity.

-------------------------------

[Unique time mission has been activated. You must complete the following conditions within 1 year from now on. Time remaining: 10 months, 12 days, 21 hours].

[Kill Second Order Existence single-handedly using Blood Manipulation: 2000 / 2000]

[Evolves Blood Manipulation to Third Order: Incomplete.]

[Kill Third Order existence single-handedly: 37 / 100]

[Third Order Soul Stone: 8 / 10]

[Get control over China: Incomplete.]

[You will not be able to advance to 'Blood Mystic' if you do not complete the unique time mission within the set time limit, and you will be able to choose another job at that time].

-------------------------------

Bai Zemin checked his progress on his class mission while Shangguan Bing Xue protected Meng Qi as the latter carefully studied the runes of the small white magic circle on the floor.

He had really accomplished a lot in just under two months. Not only had he already completed one of the requirements, but he could also evolve Blood Manipulation now if he wanted to at the cost of losing several Third Order Soul Stones. Bai Zemin was even close to having completed 50% of the requirement that required him to kill 100 Third Order existences on his own; actually, if not for the fact that during the previous fight Shangguan Bing Xue's support had been practically perfect, the count of Bai Zemin's Third Order kills would be higher right now.

Even though Bai Zemin was aware that the only reason why he had managed to advance so far and so fast was solely due to the fact that they had found ruins left behind from ancient times, even though he knew that it would definitely not be easy to complete the rest of the requirements unless something big happened, Bai Zemin could not help but be happy.

At least now, his breakthrough to the Second Order and his new job 'Blood Mystic' were in sight unlike two months ago that seemed impossible to achieve.

'Really, a lot of treasures need to be distributed.' Bai Zemin was beaming as he looked inside his spatial storage ring brimming with over 2000 active and passive skill scrolls as well as around 10,000 treasure orbs.

Among those skill scrolls were some that Bai Zemin would leave for his family and trusted subordinates while the rest would be distributed to his soldiers and soul evolvers. As for the 10,000 treasure orbs, they were all red and orange in color so probably none would be of use to the current Bai Zemin, but he would check first and would take whatever might be of use to him in the future before handing out the rest.

With each passing day, obtaining treasure orbs and skill scrolls became more and more difficult. Considering that 95% of the enemies killed during these days were all Unclassified enemies, even if they numbered in the millions it was useless.

In fact, if it wasn't for Bai Zemin's soul being simply too picky and not absorbing "low quality" Soul Power, the number of skill scrolls and treasure orbs obtained would have been less.

'With this amount of skill scrolls and treasure orbs, I should be able to increase the power of all the soul evolvers of my Blood Spear Legion even after I take control over the Chinese Renaissance.... I might even be able to empower some normal soldiers!' Bai Zemin thought to himself with excitement flashing in his eyes.

He couldn't wait to get back. Bai Zemin needed to quickly invest in his subordinates in order for that investment to generate income faster.

There were so many things to do, so much work ahead.... Bai Zemin was sure that after finishing with and finding a solution to the personal affairs of Shangguan Bing Xue, Chen He's family, and Wu Yijun's grandfather, he and his faction would need at least two months of calm before setting out to conquer China.

Of course, he could simply rush forward like mad and conquer China immediately once he had control over the Sky Destroyer. However, that would leave in neglect many things such as reading the books found in the library and applying the information contained therein, studying pills and medicinal plants, training blacksmiths, studying electromagnetic rifles for future development, and a lot more.

'Unless I-'

"I found it!"

Just as Bai Zemin was thinking of a slightly risky but still probably effective solution, his younger sister's excited sweet voice interrupted him and subconsciously he turned to look at her.

"You found it? What did you find?" he blinked, still lost in his own world.

Meng Qi turned to look at him with a beautiful smile on her youthful face and as she pointed to the white-colored magic circle she let out a chuckle, "Of course, I found a way to activate the magic circle to get into the war battleship!"

Bai Zemin's dark eyes and Shangguan Bing Xue's light-colored eyes sparkled upon hearing Meng Qi's words. They both exchanged glances for a second before turning to look at her again.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

""Can you activate it now?!""

They both asked at the same time and with the same intensity.

They were tremendously excited and anxious as the Sky Destroyer Battleship would undoubtedly be one of the most powerful trump cards of the entire human race for many years to come, therefore, they had to obtain it no matter what the cost!

Meng Qi's expression was still bright as she nodded firmly: "Of course! I just need you to give me 10 Second Order Soul Stones to make a single-use connector."

Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue looked at each other in dismay.

"This... What is that?" Shangguan Bing Xue asked in a low voice as she looked at Meng Qi intently.

"Big sister Bing Xue, it's like this...." Meng Qi began to explain the fact that the teleportation circle was probably connected to the battleship's command room but that she had found a way to create a connector where she could teleport people only one time to the inside.

But Shangguan Bing Xue focused more on something else.

'Big sister Bing Xue?' Shangguan Bing Xue's expression became unreadable as she looked at Meng Qi curiously.

Bai Zemin naturally paid no attention to something so insignificant and focused on what really mattered to him.

"So, Meng Qi," Bai Zemin immediately spoke once his sister stopped. "You can only open one connector, something similar to a back door in a security system, and you probably won't be able to open another one?"

"That's right," Meng Qi nodded with a serious expression on her face and explained, "If there is a captain on board, then it must be someone smart in control of the command room and will definitely do something about it when discovered that I disturbed the magic circle from up here."