Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 703 - Powerful battleship: Interplanetary Travel

"Woah!"

Bai Zemin subconsciously took half a step back as the large magic circle beneath his feet began to glow.

"L- Lilith-" Bai Zemin subconsciously gulped and in a somewhat frightened voice asked quickly, "This thing isn't going to blow up or is it?"

Magic circles were an unknown mystery to him, and even if his rational mind told him that it was impossible for there to be a rune harmful to the new commander in the magic circle under his feet, Bai Zemin, who was afraid of the unknown and dangerous thing, could not think things through clearly at this moment.

To Bai Zemin's terror, Lilith hugged him from behind and sighed. Her voice sounded sad as she said in his ear, "Looks like this is the end of our journey after all..."

What?! Bai Zemin almost screamed out loud and nearly fell to his knees on the ground. However, he soon realized that something was wrong.

The glow of the magic circle began to dim and Bai Zemin's expression turned black as the bottom of a pot.

"You... You little minx... You dare to trick me?!"

Bai Zemin suddenly turned around and reached out his hands with the intention of catching Lilith.

"Kya!"

However, Lilith was a lot faster than him. She let out a strange cry and like a frightened rabbit ran away from Bai Zemin, soaring up to the ceiling of the command room in just a blink of an eye.

Bai Zemin looked up at her from the ground and pointed at her while calling out loudly, "Hey! If you're really a woman come down here!"

"You've got several things wrong with that line of yours!" Lilith shouted back at him before she started laughing out loud.

"You... You... You..." Bai Zemin's body shook like a vibrator as he looked at Lilith laughing at him with his eyes practically spitting fire.

This cheeky little succubus had dared to play with him! She took advantage of his brief moment of insecurity to play a prank on him that almost made him pee his pants!

Bai Zemin wasn't scared of dying, he had been prepared for it from the moment he faced the First Order Blazing Beetle. However, Bai Zemin feared dying stupidly and senselessly as it would have been if the magic circle that was supposed to be under his control had killed him!

As Lilith laughed to herself, she suddenly blinked in confusion as she saw Bai Zemin quickly calm down. She couldn't help but wonder what was going on now.

Seeing Bai Zemin begin to focus on the ring that connected him and gave him control of the Sky Destroyer, Lilith couldn't help but ask quietly:

"What's wrong, so quiet all of a sudden?"

Bai Zemin looked at her with cruel eyes and made a smacking gesture with his hand as he said in a serious voice, "You just wait. This daddy is a patient man.... I will definitely make the skin on your butt remember the warmth of my hand!"

Lilith subconsciously brought both hands towards her backside and jumped in the air while looking at Bai Zemin like a cat looking at a tiger, acting carefully and not wanting to be eaten alive.

"Hmph!" Bai Zemin snorted and continued to inspect the ring. A lot of information was flowing into his head and he needed to focus a bit.

At the same time that Bai Zemin and Lilith were doing couple things, Kong Jun, the Third Order weaver ant, watched from the side with confusion in his eyes. Although Kong Jun was an intelligent being who did not lose to an adult human, the reality was that human customs were things he could not understand even after absorbing many records of the race. It seemed weird to the weaver ant as the human male and female seemed to be fighting but for some reason, it didn't seem like a fight at all.

Bai Zemin was comprehending the battleship using the ring of the commander. He understood where the weapons were, how to activate them, the basic workings of some of the magic circles....

Bai Zemin opened his eyes after about five minutes and with a single thought on his part the black ring glowed.

Swoosh!

A giant holographic screen opened ten meters in front of Bai Zemin, revealing the silhouettes of several people.

"Everyone, can you hear me?"

On the screen, Xia Ya and the others who were still in the same corridor as before waiting for news turned towards the closed door where Bai Zemin's voice came from.

"Leader?"

"Big brother!"

"Hehe- cough! cough! cough!.... As expected from Leader Bai- cough! cough!..."

....

Everyone was surprised to hear the voice of Bai Zemin coming out of the magic circle through which the queen of the weaver and had communicated previously. Since Bai Zemin had control over the magic circles... it didn't take a genius to understand what this meant.

"I just got control over the Sky Destroyer, but it will take me a while to study all this information and adapt." Bai Zemin announced in a calm voice.

He listened to the excited voices of the team as he stood in the middle of the command room and watched as they all smiled in joy and relief. A faint smile formed at the corner of his lips as he ordered in a clear voice:

"Return to the bow of the battleship and have Shangguan Bing Xue bring the rest of the team still waiting outside the hall."

"Leader, how do we get back to the bow?" Xia Ya quickly asked.

"Just go back to the teleport room, I'll take you out when you're there."

"Roger!"

The team began to move at full speed towards the room where they had been teleported to at first but Bai Zemin's voice still reached them clearly, sounding from the walls.

"Xia Ya, after you are reunited with everyone take them to the teleport circle. I'll teleport you all back inside the battleship and will leave the holographic displays with clear maps so you can get to where I am."

"All right!" Xia Ya nodded as she moved forward, leading the team.

Not long after, the five people arrived at the teleport room and without delay they stepped into the magic circle. Soon, a white light enveloped them and in a second they disappeared from the place.

In the command room, Bai Zemin sighed. He lifted the egg in which the new ant queen was growing and sat down on the ship's captain's seat before resting the egg on his lap.

"Looks like it's not as easy as I thought after all..." Bai Zemin muttered and with a thought part of the floor in front of him opened up.

Soon, a pillar about one and a half meters tall slowly emerged from the ground. The pillar was the same color as the marble floor but had at least 100 small holes around it and one more at the top.

"Soul Stone..." Bai Zemin sighed and immediately began to feel a headache.

Out of the 101 holes, only 10 of them seemed to have small but shiny Soul Stones in them. Furthermore, each of the Soul Stones that were there was a Third Order Soul Stone, and although they were not completely filled with energy that did not take the importance away from the fact that they were Soul Stones that came from Third Order existences.

Of course, Bai Zemin had no intention of touching the ten Third Order Soul Stones in the pillar that operated as an energy transmitter to the entire battleship. Each of the Soul Stones that were there had a purpose and if one of them was removed then the Sky Destroyer would lose one of its functions or part of it.

"This ship is quite strong but the power consumption is also very large." Lilith walked over and placed a hand on Bai Zemin's shoulder as she looked at the pillar before her. "What will you do? With this amount of energy, I don't think you can do very much."

Bai Zemin couldn't help but feel a little frustrated. He didn't understand why in light novels, when the main character encountered some kind of legacy, that legacy was sealed or needed energy to function.

Couldn't the person who left behind the legacy leave it in its maximum state? If you were going to do something then do it right damn it! Bai Zemin really wanted to hit someone but he had no place to vent his frustrations so in the end, he did the only thing he could do temporarily.

Pa!

"Ah!"

Lilith jumped in surprise when she felt a big and heavy palm slapping her butt. She looked at Bai Zemin with wide eyes and asked aloud, "Why was that supposed to be?!"

"I did it because I wanted to." Bai Zemin said shamelessly. He raised both eyebrows and said in a defiant voice, "If you have any problem then come and bite me if you dare."

Lilith's body trembled and in response she bounded towards Bai Zemin like a tiger pouncing on its prey.

"You-"

Bai Zemin quickly grabbed onto the almost falling egg and with one hand tried to pull Lilith off of him. But all that came out of his mouth was a cry of surprise.

"Did you really dare to bite me?!"

"You ask me if I dared to bite you?! I will bite you to death!"

Kong Jun for some reason felt irritated as he watched the male and female duo fighting there with the new queen's egg bouncing all over the place.

...

"Cough!... So..." Bai Zemin cleared his throat as he looked at the energy pillar.

His body was covered by leather armor but his neck was slightly uncovered. If one looked carefully there, it wouldn't be hard to find several distinctly fresh teeth marks and lick marks.... Even his hands and parts of his arm uncovered due to the poor condition of the armor were bitten.

Lilith was sitting on his lap as if nothing had happened and on her lap rested the egg of the future ant queen as well as the first of Bai Zemin's daughters. However, she would occasionally take one of her hands to her butt and gently rub it as if to relieve some kind of itch or pain she felt there.

"The current Sky Destroyer can teleport from the inside to the outside and from the outside to the inside. The battleship can also fire 10 of the 500 tertiary cannons, 1 of the 100 secondary cannons, and cannot fire the main cannon at all. The remaining energy also allows the ship to move approximately 800 kilometers at an altitude of 50,000 meters, as well as erect a defensive barrier capable of withstanding the attacks of several initial Third Order existences for a month or resisting the attacks of several peak Third Order existences for approximately 24 hours...."

Bai Zemin listed several of the functions that the Sky Destroyer currently had which despite being quite amazing were actually quite simple; simple because after learning what this battleship could really do Bai Zemin felt his blood run cold.

"What a pity..." He sighed as he hugged Lilith tightly. "If the radar function was active I could connect to the satellites and have a clearer map about the current world condition... but for the radar function I need to gather 30 Third Order Soul Stones first."

At 30 Third Order Soul Stones, the Sky Destroyer could display a map of the entire world with many detailed references about each important area.

At 50 Third Order Soul Stones, the Sky Destroyer awakened the AI function, which served to sneak into the various security systems of the world as long as the battleship was in a certain range. In fact, considering Earth's current technology it was unlikely that the Sky Destroyer's AI would find an obstacle in this world for many years or unless other soul evolvers had special treasures or had found ancient ruins such as Bai Zemin did.

But what Bai Zemin was most excited about were the two most powerful functions of the Sky Destroyer that he would definitely not see for a while.

With 100 Third Order Soul Stones, the main cannon of the Sky Destroyer was finally activated; this cannon possessed the ability to threaten the lives of Fourth Order existences. Although the cannon could only fire 5 times before 90% of the energy was lost, those 5 shots could mean 5 dead Fourth Order existences.

Finally, with 100 Third Order Soul Stones and 1 Fourth Order...

"Interplanetary travel..." Bai Zemin sighed and couldn't help but marvel, "This battleship really was built by people from this world? It's hard to believe."

Lilith said nothing for a moment before tentatively noting, "If.... I mean if and only if... But let's say you manage to fill in all the slots in this battleship. What will you do then?"DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

"Is that even a question?" Bai Zemin kissed her cheek and said in a deep voice: "I would rule over the Earth and after that I would go on to rule the rest of the Solar System, expanding to the Milky Way later."