Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 709 - Marquis & Loyal Follower

Although normal humans who had not evolved or weaker soul evolvers could not see clearly the facial features of the young man standing right on top of the huge warship, Bai Zemin's voice served as a source of recognition for all those who had heard him speak before.

From important people that had attended Wu Yijun's welcoming party about 12 days ago to the members of the Black Turtle guild that had somehow or other been related to him at least by a word or two.

Wu Keqian and Sun Yun exchanged glances, both were in a state of shock and it was not difficult for the other to notice the disbelief in the other's eyes. However, that disbelief soon turned into joy and the bodies of both men began to shiver fiercely as if they were suffering from some kind of hypothermia.

For heaven's sake! Not only did Bai Zemin return, but he had apparently encountered something really crazy during this trip!

Even a fool could tell that something very strange and big was going on just by looking at the huge battleship floating in the sky; this was a ship approximately 5 kilometers long and had clearly been built using materials that on the Earth of the past could not be obtained!

Everyone present could not help but turn to look at Bai Delan and gave him a peculiar expression. The man next to them had been the only one that until the end was completely sure that his son was alive and even confidently said that if Bai Zemin was still alive then most of the exploration group should be fine too; but no one believed him or took his words to heart, thinking that he was simply denying the cruel reality and unwilling to accept the death of his children.

But nothing could be more distant from the truth.... Not only did Bai Delan not turn out to be denying the reality, but he actually seemed to have his reasons for saying what he said.

In fact, among all those present, Bai Delan was incredulous and surprised by the entrance of his son, as well as the huge warship under his feet. Although he was also relieved to see it in person and finally confirm that Bai Zemin lived, Bai Delan was at least 90% sure that Evangeline had not lied because someone as powerful as her did not need to lie in the first place.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Furthermore, judging by the relaxed and confident expression on the face of his son, Bai Delan was 100% sure that Meng Qi was alive and kicking, therefore, the last of his worries was finally eased.

Bai Zemin realized that the people inside the building were frozen in shock and that only his father was relatively well. Even Evangeline had just regained her composure and after nodding towards him she simply returned to the shadows as she did not feel comfortable being around so many people; especially with Wu Keqian and Sun Yun there who could threaten her safety.

Because of how dangerous this journey had been and because of the great opportunities they encountered along the way, the group of people within the Sky Destroyer was really powerful and among them were some who at least in level and Order were higher than Evangeline. In the past, Evangeline was the third most powerful person just below Bai Zemin and barely below Shangguan Bing Xue, but now she would probably have a hard time breaking into the top 5 unless she risked her life even in a friendly match.

Evangeline was currently level 50 and was in the middle of her breakthrough mission. Although she was a First Order existence, Evangeline definitely had the ability to take on Second Order enemies using her talent as an assassin and otherworldly flexibility; however, she would need to work hard if she didn't want to fall behind in the power ranking.

Bai Zemin surveyed the surroundings and couldn't help but frown. He could see a good portion of the base from his current position and noticed that there were at least a few thousand survivors looking skyward in shock. Some survivors had even knelt down and were praying while others were crying in fear or had fainted directly as they probably thought they were about to be wiped out.

Bai Zemin looked back and said in a deep voice, "Aunt Sun, could you please tell me where I can park this thing?"

He could not leave the Sky Destroyer floating there or the number of heart attacks would reach an all-time high by the end of the day. In addition, the warship continued to expend energy no matter how little it might be since all the engines were on and the function that allowed it to levitate was active at all times. Bai Zemin could not afford to waste energy pointlessly and that was precisely why he entered the base with the battleship just like that.

"You want to park this thing?" Sun Ling was out of everyone's line of sight, a few steps behind Bai Zemin. She looked at him not knowing whether she should laugh or cry.

Did he think this giant warship was a car or a bike that could be casually parked?

Sun Ling thought hard and after a few moments, she suggested the first thing that came to her mind: "How about leaving it at the Black Turtle guild's training ground for now? That ground is free of buildings and is large enough to hold this ship at least until we can find a more optimal solution."

Bai Zemin thought about it for a moment before finally nodding. The Black Turtle guild's premises was heavily guarded by military and soul evolvers whose transfunds were definitely confirmed by Wu Keqian beforehand so it should be fine for now.

"Uncle Wu, father, Sr.Sun, Evangeline, see you at the Black Turtle guild training camp. I hope you temporarily forbid entry to the other guild members."

Bai Zemin's voice once again broke from the sky. Although he wasn't shouting, his voice was loud and powerful enough for most of the residential area in the privileged area to hear him.

"O- Okay!" Wu Keqian nodded vigorously, finally managing to snap out of the stupor he was in. He took a deep breath and spoke in a loud and powerful voice: "Zemin, I'll meet you there in a few minutes."

Bai Zemin nodded silently and turned around, disappearing from everyone's line of sight after a few steps.

Wu Keqian and the others watched in shock as the huge battleship slowly rotated in the sky as if a pair of invisible hands were repositioning it. Then, the colossal-sized craft began to slowly move northward.

Even though the Sky Destroyer was moving slowly, its size was so large that wherever it passed the wind was whipping wildly and small explosions could be heard inside the base as a result.

Soon after, the Sky Destroyer became a small dot on the distant horizon and only those with good eyesight could see how the object slowly descended behind an artificial mountain.

Wu Keqian was the first to come out of his daze while the others were still looking towards the horizon as if the large warship were still visible to them.

He looked at Bai Delan and tapped his shoulder with moderate strength as he said with a faint smile on his tired face, "Brother Bai, you really have a good son!"

"Hahahaha!" Bai Delan laughed from the bottom of his heart and nodded taking the praise instead of hypocritically rejecting it.

He was incredibly proud of his son and his accomplishments!

Unlike his wife Ye Linger, Bai Delan believed that all men who wished to achieve great things in the future were destined to suffer many setbacks in their lives; it was impossible to avoid them and only by overcoming them could a man rise above the rest. His son, Bai Zemin, had definitely suffered a lot to get to where he was now; however, the position Bai Zemin had at this moment and the position he will have in the future if he continued like this would be so magnificent that millions of men would envy him and could only look up!

"Come on, let's go meet them!"

Wu Yijun's father didn't even pause for an instant as he soon turned into a flash of green light, disappearing in moments from everyone's line of sight.

Sun Yun and Bai Delan followed soon after, with Bai Delan being the slowest. However, Sun Yun was secretly surprised as he looked over his shoulder and could see the man who was barely a level 47 existence following not far behind.

Bai Delan was a warrior with high Strength and Stamina but his Agility was slow according to Sun Yun's memories. How had he suddenly become faster? Sun Yun naturally saw the flashes of blue lightning crackling around the body of Bai Delan... but it was impossible for that to be the only reason for his current Agility!

Sun Yun had no way of knowing that with Bai Zemin's full support, Bai Delan had obtained skills of all sorts that somehow or another helped boost his Agility; among these skills was Lightning Movement, of course.

Evangeline was invisible, following Bai Delan closely as his guardian ghost. Until Bai Delan was in front of Bai Zemin, her protection mission would not be finished.

A few minutes later, the group finally arrived at the distant training ground used by the Black Turtle guild members. This place was within the privileged area but away from the residential area as the shockwaves from the confrontation between First Order existences were not something that could be casually ignored either.

Wu Keqian and the others froze in their tracks when they finally got to see the huge battleship more closely this time.

The height of the battleship was already colossal at 500 meters but its length was simply out of this world.

A U.S. military supercarrier was about 400 meters long, but the monster before them was about 5000 meters long! There was no room for comparison at all!

The golden words 'Sky Destroyer' was especially striking amidst the jet-black color of the ship meanwhile the cannons installed on top looked especially terrifying. Wu Keqian and the others felt as if they were facing a legendary monster instead of a machine.

"It's not bad, is it? I mean the toy I found."

A playful voice sounded from above, and when the group that had just arrived raised their heads, they saw Bai Zemin looking down at them from high above.

He chuckled and waved his hand as he calmly said, "Come up here, I'll give you a tour."

Wu Keqian and Sun Yun exchanged glances before nodding. The two stomped the ground and in a moment they soared a little over 500 meters before landing right on top of the battleship. Bai Delan wasn't much slower either as only moments later he caught up with them and Evangeline finally appeared before everyone's eyes again, finally feeling comfortable in Bai Zemin's presence.

Wu Keqian and Sun Yun had intended to look around, but when their feet touched the top of the Sky Destroyer they froze as they saw the group of approximately 450-500 people standing behind Bai Zemin.

Weren't all of these practically the entire team that had been sent on the expedition 11 days ago? The two could not believe it; they could not believe that approximately 70-75% were still alive!

More importantly; all the soul evolvers had become tremendously more powerful compared to two weeks ago and the soldiers were carrying futuristic-looking weapons they had never seen before in their lives, looking especially flashy and brave.

"S- Sun Ling, you..." Wu Keqian looked at his wife in shock as she was the closest to him at the moment, only a few steps behind Bai Zemin.

Sun Ling was only around level 38 when she left before, but now, she was already at level 50 and her Soul Power was clearly much purer than his!

"Honey, it's only been 11 days but you've become a mess." Sun Ling smiled slightly and moved forward, giving her stunned husband a kiss on the forehead.

But the surprises were not over; in fact, they had only just begun.

When Wu Keqian and Sun Yun's eyes fell on people such as Feng Hong, Teng Hua, Liang Jing, Chen He, and a couple of others, the two men felt as if their whole world was trembling.

"X- Xia Ya... You..." Wu Keqian gasped as he asked in shock, "What level are you now? I can't feel it at all!"

The expression on Xia Ya's face was calm and composed. The current she had that same dead expression from the past, which was a big contrast compared to her giggling and cheerful attitude when she was around Bai Zemin chatting with him about anything.

"Leader Wu, my current level is higher than yours if that's what you want to know."

Xia Ya was respectful towards Wu Keqian as he had helped her a lot in the past. However, she was eager to break connections; she had found the person she really wanted and needed to follow after all.

Wu Keqian was the undisputed leader of the Chinese Renaissance faction, therefore, he was the bearer of a subclass similar to Bai Zemin's but one level higher; Marquis. After all, Bai Zemin was currently the leader of approximately 35,000 survivors while Wu Keqian of approximately 300,000.

Xia Ya was one of Wu Keqian's Loyal Followers, but she wanted to become Bai Zemin's Loyal Follower as this was the quickest way to gain his trust and prevent him from acting too defensively toward her.

The problem was that in order for Xia Ya to no longer be Wu Keqian's Loyal Follower, he had to sever the connection between the two or lose his subclass. Xia Ya had little to do or talk about here so she could only wait and see how events unfolded.

Wu Keqian was dumbfounded. Although Xia Ya was his Loyal Follower, Wu Keqian's subclass had not reached a level where he was allowed to know the level of his subordinate, therefore, with his current level being 67 he had no idea what level Xia Ya was!

However, after thinking about it for a moment, Wu Keqian calmed down and stopped thinking about it. After all, he knew that soon his subclass would cease to exist.

Because Wu Keqian had to keep his word and hand over control of everything to the young man in front of him.

* * * * * * *