Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 718 - Blood Mist with a single blow

"Wh- What..."

The dust had not yet fully settled when the Second Order zombie came out of his stupor.

The creature that was now fully aware of emotions such as awe and fear, subconsciously took two or three steps back as he raised his own sword and pointed it at the greatsword with red flashes of lightning.

"What the hell is going on here?!" The male zombie clearly roared in annoyance at not being able to understand what this was all about.

"Hey, stupid bird!"

"Hey!"

"Damn hawk!"

"..."Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Fu Xuefeng and Kang Lan listened indifferently as the Second Order zombie tried his best to try to call out to the silver hawk that didn't move. The eyes of the two humans were indifferent as they watched the beginning of the despair of existence in front of them.

However, despite his despair coming mostly from not knowing what was happening in front of him, the male zombie was a Second Order powerhouse.

Bang!

The creature stomped hard on the ground beneath his feet, causing deep cracks to appear in the surrounding area and the ground he was standing on to sink. In just an instant, the Second Order zombie had disappeared from his position.

Kang Lan felt something cold approaching her neck, and even though she was unable to follow the movements of the Second Order zombie's sword, her expression remained unperturbed.

Clang!

"Human!"

"Zombie!"

Fu Xuefeng scoffed as he blocked the male zombie's sword with his dagger. There was no longer any anxiety in his eyes and he even dared to joke a little; this was the result of the appearance of the Transcendent faction's god of war!

Even if Bai Zemin hadn't shown himself yet, his signature weapon was stuck on the back of the formerly proud and arrogant silver hawk! That giant sword and crimson lightning flashes were unmistakable, and anyone who had fought with Bai Zemin on at least one battlefield would recognize it at a glance!

The figures of Fu Xuefeng and the Second Order male zombie became blurry before the eyes of Kang Lan. She watched as sparks flew everywhere like fireworks at the same time as the sound of metal clashing against metal echoed around her.

The two Second Order existences continued to clash and apparently, the Agility of the two was quite similar, the same seemed to be happening with the Strength stat, therefore, the battle would definitely not end any time soon.

As the war continued, Kang Lan was the only one standing silently and motionless, but strangely she was also the only one who did not receive any attacks. She raised her head to look up at the apocalyptic sky, narrowing her eyes as if trying to see beyond the dense clouds of mana in which lightning flashed.

In the sky, standing at the edge of the Sky Destroyer and where the winds were blowing especially hard, Bai Zemin nodded in satisfaction as he received the records of the silver feathered hawk after throwing his weapon from approximately 20,000 feet in the air.

"Lilith, you were right." Bai Zein said as he looked down casually. "I only needed to activate Gravity Manipulation x5 to kill that bird."

Lilith rolled her eyes and pointed, "Jesus Christ, are you dumb? Even though the maximum of Gravity Manipulation is x30 that doesn't mean you have to always activate the skill to its maximum!"

Earlier, Bai Zemin was about to launch his greatsword which weighed 6000 kilograms from approximately 20,000 feet, but not satisfied with that, he wanted to activate Gravity Manipulation to the maximum possible. Thankfully and he had a sane person at his side or else forget about the hawk or his subordinates would probably have been affected by the shockwave!

"Better safe than sorry, isn't it?" said Bai Zemin as he took a step forward, stepping into the void. He turned to look at Lilith and just as his body was falling he said loudly, "Besides, from here I couldn't even see that silver bird!"

"What?!" Lilith shouted and quickly followed him, jumping off the battleship. Her ink-black hair danced furiously as the surrounding wind was cut off by her free fall and as she stared at Bai Zemin who was falling a few feet ahead she shouted, "You threw that thing of yours without even seeing the enemy? Are you crazy?!"

Bai Zemin turned around in mid-fall to look Lilith in the eyes, "My precious Lilith, did you just now realize it?!" he laughed out loud as he felt the surrounding wind becoming more and more violent. Lightning flashed past a few meters from his body and he looked especially small and fragile in the midst of the dark sky covered by destructive energy. Do you want to read more chapters ?

Lilith could not help but shake her head as she muttered something to herself.

Kong Jun, the Third Order Apocalyptic Ant, had jumped immediately behind Bai Zemin and Lilith. The creature was silent as he clung to the cloak that flapped furiously in the strong winds. Even his size was insignificant in the sky.

Bai Zemin closed his eyes for a few seconds. With his eyes closed and with his ears only listening to the loud thunder rumbling in his surroundings, as well as the strong passing of the wind, Bai Zemin felt as if he had entered a completely different realm. Despite being surrounded by destruction, he somehow felt strangely relaxed.

However, Bai Zemin knew that he could not stay with his eyes closed like this for much longer. Even he would suffer several serious injuries if he casually fell from such heights... or at least his past self. He turned his body so that his feet were now pointing towards the ground, and despite the distance, he caught a glimpse of the horrific battlefield that was getting worse with each passing second.

With the death of the mutant beast army commander, the creatures had begun to attack each other more madly than before and now the zombies had also become their targets again.

Although the pressure on the human group had decreased tremendously, things were still far from brilliant.

Kang Lan, who had been looking up at the sky all this time, noticed two objects falling from a great height. At first, she wasn't too sure... but it didn't take her long to identify Bai Zemin's face, and her lips immediately curved upwards.

When Bai Zemin was approximately 900 meters from the ground, he activated Gravity Manipulation to the maximum possible but in reverse and his body immediately seemed to have fallen into a strange invisible swamp as the speed at which he was falling abruptly decreased.

Of course, Kong Jun continued to fall like a cannonball and in an instant passed beyond Bai Zemin.

Booooooooom!!!

A huge cloud of dust rose up with the place where Kong Jun had just fallen as its center.

The weight of the ant was so great that added to the falling speed the ground shook so much that it barely missed Bai Zemin's previous attack!

Fu Xuefeng and the Second Order zombie that had been fighting immediately stopped after one more short trade, quickly retreating as they looked at the cloaked silhouette with fear and caution.

Kang Lan also froze as her eyes fell on the 6-foot tall hooded figure. She could feel mortal danger from the Second Order zombie and the same applied to the silver feathered hawk before its death, however, when Kang Lan looked at the figure covered by that black cloak, all she felt was pure despair.

It didn't matter if it was Fu Xuefeng, the male zombie, Kang Lan, or any other existence on the battlefield; they all knew in their hearts that they could do nothing in the face of the creature that had just appeared.

Bai Zemin, who was now falling as light and soft as a feather, watched as Kong Jun's mere appearance silenced the explosions with a gaze filled with satisfaction but complicated emotions in his heart. For a moment, the beasts, zombies, and humans, stopped their movements to stare at the cloaked figure.

Of course, the brief stagnation only lasted an instant as the mindless beasts and unintelligent zombies immediately began slaughtering again, which led to the humans having to defend themselves once more.

"Kong Jun, kill all the beasts and half of the zombies!"

Bai Zemin's voice thundered from the sky, attracting the human group's attention immediately.

"Leader?" Lu Yan raised his head in disbelief when he heard the voice of that young man who had disappeared for about a whole month. When his eyes fell upon that figure high in the sky that was slowly approaching land, his eyes flashed with hope and he subconsciously shouted aloud, "Leader Bai!"

"Leader!"

"Legion Commander!"

"It's the Leader Bai!"

"That person is Bai Zemin? He's really back!"

"Just in time!"

"..."

There were several new soul evolvers who had joined the troops recently, therefore, not everyone knew Bai Zemin. However, when the newer ones heard the excited voices of the older ones and when they saw everyone's hopeful face, all the amazing legends about the founder of the Transcendent faction flashed in their memories.

However, there were some who were still skeptical. After all, even if Bai Zemin was powerful, what was before them was an army of over 700,000 zombies and at least 50,000 to 60,000 mutant beasts.

But... What they saw next was something that chilled their blood and that they would probably not forget for the rest of their lives.

It was also at that moment when Bai Zemin finally understood the reason why Kong Jun was called 'Apocalyptic Ant' by the Soul Record.

Upon receiving Bai Zemin's command, Kong Jun did not hesitate and with a mighty stomp jumped like a spring, soaring into the sky hundreds of meters in an instant and falling in a parabola shape directly into the center of the army of mutant beasts.

Boooom!

The mutant beasts that were 40-50 meters close to where Kong Jun had just landed were directly turned into a bloody mist as their bodies exploded into small red pieces after being hit by the shockwave. As for all the beasts outside that range up to a range of 500 meters, they were sent flying in such a way that they hit the mutant beasts behind them.

Kong Jun was a weaver ant despite having intelligence comparable to that of an adult human, he did not care about the chaos of his enemies nor did he have feelings of pride in crushing enemies that were insignificant to him. Kong Jun, unlike 99% of humans, was a weaver ant who valued work and finished it as quickly and effectively as possible.

His body was not visible to humans, and the mutant beasts were the only thing within Kong Jun's range of vision. The creatures were charging toward him while others were killing each other, but Kong Jun was frigid as always.

The Third Order weaver ant raised his right fist towards the sky and at the same time as he squatted down abruptly he punched the ground in front of him with full power.

"Massacre."

Kong Jun's hoarse and somewhat strange voice was covered by the powerful explosion that resulted from his punch.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!

The explosion was so powerful that the rumbling completely overwhelmed the thunder explosions in the sky.

Under the shocked and terrified stares of the humans, the ground split and large chunks of earth that had mutant beasts still standing on them broke off to be sent flying hundreds of feet into the air. The cracks extended for more than 5000 meters with Kong Jun as the core and at least 4,000 mutant beasts fell into them.

However, the most terrifying thing had not yet happened.

Strangely, no mutant beasts in the surrounding area roared or moved despite what had just happened. A second or two later, however, the body of a mutant beast that seemed to be a mutant leopard swelled up like a balloon before exploding into a pile of small drops of blood.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!....

With the first mutant beast swelling and exploding, all the others began to experience the same fate.

Unclassified or First Order, big or small, attack type or defense type; none of this mattered as their bodies exploded without letting the creatures even squeal in pain once.

Bai Zemin's feet had yet to touch the ground. He was about 400 meters in the air, and as he watched what appeared to be floating islands turn into a pile of dust, as well as the cloud of red blood that in an instant covered everything within at least 3 kilometers, his eyes trembled in terror.

Kong Jun had activated a skill, there was no doubt about it. However, a single skill had slaughtered at least 40,000 mutant beasts among which there was definitely no shortage of First Order existences.... Bai Zemin could not help but shudder at the mere memory that he had led his group into the Sky Destroyer where this creature awaited them.