Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 719 - Betrayal?

Kong Jun's true power was something that Bai Zemin did not know before and all he knew was that the Third Order weaver ant was definitely a lot more powerful compared to the other Third Order weaver ants that he and Shangguan Bing Xue had fought and defeated. However, what Bai Zemin had in no way expected was such a frightening demonstration of power as the one he had just witnessed.

If not for the fact that Kong Jun was an intelligent existence and if he had carelessly carried out Bai Zemin's order, then the entire group of soul evolvers and the human soldiers shooting from the front walls of the base would have been wiped off the map. Worst of all, none of them would have even known how or why they died!

How high was Kong Jun's Strength stat really? How pure was his Soul Power? What was that strange but powerful skill he had used? These were the three main questions that Bai Zemin was asking himself at the moment.

The only two reasons why Bai Zemin could face enemies far above his level and scale of power were because of the great synchronization his terrifying skills had with each other, as well as the fact that his Soul Power was way more pure compared to those of his level and therefore that quality could help him close the gap caused by quantity. However, Bai Zemin was clear that he was not the only existence in the universe with very pure Soul Power, and as a matter of fact, practically all the members of his Transcendent faction were existences with relatively pure Soul Power compared to most of the soul evolvers at their level.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Since Bai Zemin had allies like this, he naturally expected to find enemies with very pure Soul Power in the perhaps not so distant future; the level 50 rhino was a prime example of this as it even forced Nangong Yi to activate one of his most powerful skills even though they were both at the same level and Order.

But Bai Zemin definitely did not expect to meet an existence whose Soul Power was so pure like Kong Jun. He was really happy that things turned out well thanks to the Queen of the Weaver Ants Shi Lin.... because Bai Zemin didn't even want to think about the consequences of a confrontation against such terrifying beings with Meng Qi and others around.

By the time Bai Zemin's feet touched the ground again after his free fall from over 20,000 feet, the mutant beasts and zombies were still continuing to fight even after the disaster Kong Jun had just caused to the battlefield.

The human group also began to fight as they had no time to stand and gawk at the apocalyptic scene in front of them. However, the pressure on each of them decreased tremendously now that just over half of the army of mutant beasts had been annihilated.

"Wh- What..." The male zombie stepped back while keeping his eyes fixed in the distance.

Amidst the cloud of blood, Kong Jun looked like a giant mountain surrounded by rubble and cracks. Even though he was a great distance away, his presence was simply too big and striking after what he just did.

In the face of a First Order existence, an Unclassified existences was no different from a normal little ant in most cases. Versus a Second Order existence, a First Order existence was precisely what an Unclassified existence was to the First Order existence .... and versus a Third Order existence, a Second Order existence was simply insignificant to even mention.

While a Second Order existence had 50 levels to ascend before stagnating and having to complete its breakthrough mission, a Third Order existence had twice as many levels to go! More levels meant more Soul Power and more Soul Power meant more overall power!

Maybe there were tens of millions of Unclassified existences capable of jumping levels and fighting against First Order existences since the level difference would not even exceed 50 even if the Unclassified existence was level 0. However, the fact that those Unclassified existences could jump levels to fight against First Order existences did not mean that when they were First Order existences they would be able to face Second Order existences, and the odds of them being able to face Third Order existences after reaching Second Order were basically nil unless they were monsters among monsters.

The male zombie was a level 67 Second Order existence, however, in front of Kong Jun he was no different from an ant; ironies of life.

Kang Lan and Fu Xuefeng's faces were pale as they looked at Kong Jun. However, they soon lost sight of him.

BOOOOOM!!!

Everyone's eyes moved towards the center of the zombie army that was pushing forward and surrounding the base. These creatures that knew no fear were throwing themselves into the moat directly, and after filling a part of it, the zombies walking behind were using the bodies of their fellow zombies to walk through the water; this was only possible because the number of enemies this time had been too overwhelming for the mutant piranhas or otherwise this kind of tactic wouldn't work at all.

Followed by a powerful explosion, the earth split apart and soared into the sky. The pieces of earth were so large that from a distance they looked like small floating islands typically seen in fantasy movies or book illustrations of the same genre.

Another huge cloud of blood rose into the sky as tens of thousands of zombies exploded; not even a fragment of their internal organs remained unharmed as everything was crushed to the point that the only thing visible was blood and more blood!

The male zombie had regained parts of his emotions after unlocking intelligence, therefore, fear naturally began to grow in him as he realized that things seemed to have gone south.

However, when the creature thought about fleeing, his steps stopped after advancing half a meter.

"If I were you I wouldn't move too much."

The male zombie heard again the voice of the young human man who had ordered that terrifying existence to slaughter the mutant beasts and half of his zombie army.

"You! When did you put these things here?!"

Bai Zemin looked from behind at the Second Order zombie. His eyes were indifferent to the creature's outburst of anger.

"It seems your intelligence has developed quite well. Too bad, you don't seem to be able to control your temper." Bai Zemin said while casually wagging the index finger of his right hand.

"Ugh..." The male zombie froze as he felt one of the hundreds of thin but lethal blood threads surrounding his body pressing against his throat.

The explosive temper of the Second Order zombie was immediately turned off when he felt his own blood running down his skin and no longer dared to scream as before for fear that his head would detach from his body.

The use of thin blood threads was one of the best methods Bai Zemin had to limit the movements of his enemies. It was just that using them in a battle against powerful existences was very hard since he needed to do it without his enemies noticing.

BOOOOM!!!

BOOOOM!!!

BOOM!!!!!

...

The sound of explosions and the rumbling of the earth could still be clearly sensed. The smell of blood was incredibly thick and even with the strong winds blowing fiercely during the world's evolution process it didn't seem like it was going to fade anytime soon.

The pressure from the soul evolvers had practically disappeared at this point, and the soldiers on the walls had stopped firing after receiving orders from the higher-ups.

Kong Jun's power was being demonstrated in live-action for all to see.

"A single existence eliminating armies..." Fu Xuefeng muttered with wide eyes and subconsciously pointed out, "Somehow, that person resembles the leader in the way he fights..."

Person? Kang Lan shook her head secretly. She was one of Bai Zemin's Loyal Followers so she could also sense that Kong Jun was not human in any way.

'I guess I could ask him later.' Kang Lan reasoned as she watched Bai Zemin walking towards the large silver hawk.

Bai Zemin grabbed his greatsword by the hilt and with a nimble leap landed right on the head of the dead beast. He clenched his left fist and without hesitation fiercely struck the animal's forehead.

Boom!

A large part of the head split into pieces and fragments of broken skull, as well as brain material and thick blood flew everywhere, some of it staining Bai Zemin's armor and face.

"Oh, it really has a Soul Stone." Bai Zemin didn't seem to care about the blood running down his face. He reached into the broken head and pulled out the small glowing stone before putting it away in his storage ring.

"So..." He turned and walked towards the Second Order zombie. His eyes were cold as he said in a deep voice, "Do you want to live or do you want to die?"

The corner of the Second Order zombie's mouth twitched as he heard the stupid question from the human in front of him. But more than anything else, what the creature felt was frustration... A moment ago, he was the king and had the lives of everyone in his hands, but in just a second and due to the appearance of this young human, everything had gone to hell!

Bai Zemin narrowed his eyes dangerously and with a single thought, one of the threads binding the zombie's body tightened completely.

"UGH!"

The male zombie's eyes widened in pain and a moment later the sound of something falling to the ground reached his ears.

"When I ask questions, you answer. Are we clear?"

Even in the midst of the pain and frustration, anger was still visible in the male zombie's eyes as he looked at the young man standing in front of him. He was a powerful Second Order zombie, commander of hundreds of thousands of zombies! Now, however, he was being held back by an existence that hadn't even entered the Second Order?! Such humiliation was simply too much to bear!

However, when the Second Order zombie saw Bai Zemin narrow his eyes again, the pain in his now absent right hand reminded him of the consequences of being disobedient.

"We are clear! We are clear!" The zombie hastily shouted as in his heart he vowed to take revenge when the slightest of opportunities crossed his path.

Bai Zemin did not care about the thoughts of the Second Order zombie in front of him. In his eyes, the male zombie's Soul Power was barely above average at best and there was no way such a creature could stand up to him.

"I want you to answer me some questions, I'll let you live then. How about that?" Bai Zemin paused and a smile of disdain appeared on his face as he slowly said, "It's not a bad deal, is it? Oh, be quick to respond.... Because I'm afraid the threads around your body might not be as patient and waiting as I am."

The male zombie gritted his teeth so hard that the inside of his mouth began to bleed. The murderous intent in his eyes was so strong that if gazes could kill Bai Zemin would have been incinerated at least ten million times by now.

Bai Zemin sneered in the face of the male zombie's murderous intent. He had simply returned the same words the creature had said to his subordinates; he wanted the Second Order zombie to experience what they experienced when their lives were out of their hands.

"... I will answer what I can and is within my knowledge to the questions you ask me." The intelligent zombie said through still gritted teeth and looking intently at the young human.

"Good boy," Bai Zemin chuckled as if unaware of the male zombie's expression or anger. Then, his expression suddenly turned serious as he coldly asked, "Who is this male mermaid you spoke of earlier?"

Bai Zemin's expression did not change, but the male zombie's expression did.

Although Bai Zemin looked indifferent, in his heart a flame of anger as strong as a raging volcano was silently burning, waiting to be released somewhere before it burst out in him.

His faction had an alliance with the Seventh Princess of the East Sea Xian Mei'er. Bai Zemin's goal was to help Xian Mei'er in exchange for her helping him conquer the entire area at the edge of China; it could be said that Xian Mei'er was a crucial part of his plans and an ally that Bai Zemin valued highly.

However, the appearance of another mermaid in the vicinity had put Bai Zemin on high alert.

Not only were the sea creatures numerous and powerful but the fighting style of these creatures was quite unfamiliar so humans were not used to fighting them. If the sea creatures reached land, the humans would have a huge enemy to face; one probably more terrifying than any other enemy that had appeared so far.

"... I don't know very well about this mermaid." The zombie finally began to speak. His expression had calmed down quite a bit and his voice was coarse and firm in contrast to his previous attitude. The creature stared at Bai Zemin and said slowly, "The only thing I know is that this guy seems to be a big fish in the seas as he not only has powerful bodyguards but his own strength was far above mine and that of the hawk over there."

Bai Zemin nodded silently, his expression did not change at all so that no one would know what he was thinking.

However, now he could 100% confirm that this male mermaid that the Second Order zombie in front of him was talking about was definitely part of the same royal family that Xian Mei'er belonged to.

It was just that Bai Zemin didn't understand some things... Why had that male mermaid appeared in this area? Why did he want to use the zombies and mutant beasts to force humans into submission? What happened to Xian Mei'er?

But, the more important question was another.

'That mermaid princess betrayed me?' Bai Zemin's eyes flashed with a tinge of murderous intent that he soon forcibly suppressed.

He would focus on getting what answers he could to the questions he had first.... He would settle the bills later.