Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 724 - A fierce war against endless A fierce war against endless

The soul evolvers of the Chinese Renaissance faction were facing the goblins. Because the number of enemies was simply too high, the soldiers and soul evolvers of the human side had no choice but to split into four teams; north, east, south, and west.

Each team was in charge of protecting a part of the wall.

The survivors had locked themselves in their homes, terrified at the mere thought of going out. The war was not only being raged on the outside of the base as occasionally there were one or two flying mutant beasts that flew out of control as if they were nervous or angry about something, attacking the first thing that came into their sight ranges.

The sound of gunfire coming from the four cardinal directions mingled with the explosions resulting from the powerful 125 mm cannons of the war tanks and the fierce heavy machine guns mounted on the armored vehicles.

The number of bullets of all calibers that were expended per minute was simply colossal, to say the least. Were it not for the fact that Wu Keqian enjoyed an advantage at the beginning of the apocalypse thanks to his official title as an important member of the Chinese government and a member of the Wu Family, which gave him the enormous possibility of acquiring and gaining control over more than five military camps hidden at key points throughout the Changping District, the Chinese Renaissance faction's reserves would have already been drained.

In fact, the ammunition stock was plummeting at the speed of light. This was because the soldiers had practically never stopped firing except when the barrels of their guns overheated and they needed to stop to avoid damaging the weapon and to avoid getting hurt in case of a malfunction.

Lin Min was the general in charge of the south gate army. He had reached his position because he had real talent, unlike the majority who used family connections. Besides, Lin Min was a rough and tough person who did not accept any kind of bribe so he was not particularly liked by the higher echelons and were it not for the fact that Wu Keqian had kept him under his wing, he might have been one of the many corpses that occasionally appeared in a ditch in the poorer streets of the base.

As Lin Min surveyed the surroundings, it didn't take him long to notice that the goblin wave was still pressing harder and harder despite the fact that his men were doing their best.

The soldiers were gritting their teeth and their eyes had turned blood red from killing goblins. Their shoulders ached from the constant recoil of their weapons and some even had bleeding hands from clinging so tightly to the metal of the firearms.

Finally, Lin Min couldn't help but look at the person standing next to him and said in a respectful but deep voice, "Young lady, I'm afraid you will have to move after all."

Although Lin Min hoped that he would not have to ask this person for help since he had some hatred towards soul evolvers after his wife was raped and killed by one, he was an intelligent person who knew when to move forward and backward. In this kind of circumstance, Lin Min was clear that allowing the goblins to approach the walls would be a fatal mistake, because if they used their numbers, they could easily build bridges of corpses to reach the top of the walls.

"Em."

The person nodded and made a small sound with her throat before stepping forward. She said nothing and with a graceful but powerful leap soared over 200 meters in an instant before she began to fall from the high walls of the base.

Golden bullets flew everywhere, and some were even headed for her as the soldiers on the walls did not expect the sudden movement of an ally. However, to everyone's good fortune, this beautiful woman was not just an ordinary soul evolver; this was further proven when the bullets melted as they came too close to her body.

A faint but powerful layer of crimson flames surrounded Feng Tian Wu's body. She narrowed her eyes a glint of coldness flashed in them as she focused on the countless goblins below and getting closer and closer due to her falling in process.

Goblins were lustful creatures by nature, and when they saw a human beauty falling from the sky towards them, there was a large portion that stopped. These creatures that seemed to have been born minutes ago at most laughed and used their long tongues to lick themselves as a certain uncovered part of their bodies reacted to the ever-approaching fire fairy.

The coldness in Feng Tian Wu's eyes turned into anger when she noticed the lust of the filthy creatures. She whirled in the sky like a goddess and waved her hands as her melodious voice mingled with the fierce roars and lewd laughter of the goblins:

"Animal Fire Kingdom!"

Her words had only fallen when the dark sky immediately lit up. Dozens of magic circles turned into hundreds, and hundreds of them soon became thousands.

The temperature of all the surroundings increased to the point that the goblins began to get the feeling that something wasn't right. The creatures put aside all lust and began to throw stones or even at the companions next to them with the intention of speeding up the fall or killing the human woman, however, all the objects turned into molten lava after getting too close to her.

Finally, by the time Feng Tian Wu's feet touched solid ground again, a large patch of land formerly occupied by goblins was completely empty. There were no corpses, only a few small glowing rocks that were the only proof that there had been living beings standing there until recently before being incinerated to dust.

A dozen or so taller goblins that were clearly at least several days or weeks old immediately snapped out of their daze. The creatures' faces contorted in anger and with a bizarre shriek, they charged forward, being quickly followed by the smaller goblins who also let out high-pitched shrieks of their own.

Feng Tian Wu snorted coldly. She raised a hand skyward before lowering it.

The now over 10,000 small magic circles immediately glowed and the magic skill instantly triggered.

All kinds of firebirds suddenly burst out from inside the magic circles, flying swiftly towards the horde of goblins. There were crows, normal birds, eagles, hawks, parrots, doves, etc. The firebirds cut the wind in two and began to mingle among the goblins.Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Standing in the same place, Feng Tian Wu moved her hands like an orchestra conductress and elegantly mobilized the army of firebirds.

On the walls, Lin Min could not help but be amazed, as well as the other soldiers who for a moment forgot to continue firing.

"Goddess..."

"So beautiful...."

"What an amazing woman!"

"..."

All kinds of praises were sung towards her.

The current Feng Tian Wu was like a crimson goddess, surrounded by scarlet flames. She seemed to be dancing on the battlefield, every movement of her waist and hands was the undoing of her enemies.

The goblins barely had time to scream in pain before their chests were pierced by the firebirds, and the "luckiest" of them simply had their heads turned to ashes in an instant so they didn't even know what happened when they fell lifeless to the ground.

Approximately twenty minutes later, the terrifying goblin sea that was overwhelming the south gate of the base had been reduced so much that even with the high speed at which they were appearing was not enough to replenish the numbers lost.

Lin Min sighed in relief that now this side of the base would at least have two or three more hours before the goblins could replenish themselves and get to where they were before. Although the soul evolvers on the human side were fighting fiercely on the ground, it was simply impossible for them to stop a sea of enemies that appeared too fast and gave them no time to build traps or obstacles that would buy them some time.

However, Feng Tian Wu did not stop there. Her face was slightly pale due to the high consumption of Mana, but when her honey-colored eyes with a slight reddish tinge landed on the combat helicopter several kilometers distance away, a glint of competitiveness flashed in them.

She whistled skyward and jumped high, a moment later, a huge fire eagle over 3 meters high passed below and picked her up. These summoned fire creatures had basic intelligence so they could understand simple commands.

Feng Tian Wu waved a hand and the fire eagle moved deeper into the sea of goblins. As her magic robe clung tightly onto her curvaceous body due to the strong wind pressure she faced, Feng Tian Wu took with her the now little more than 4500 firebirds she had left, lighting up the sky and wreaking even more devastation on the enemy troops.

Because of the brave feat, as well as her phenomenal performance with her beautiful but fierce red flames, Feng Tian Wu would later be known as Crimson Witch. This would be a title that would belong only to her, and that at some point in history, would arouse terror in her enemies just by hearing it.

At the west gate, the mobilization of Feng Hong was also called for because the goblin approach was simply unstoppable despite the human firepower and the union of over 800 soul evolvers that were simply insignificant compared to the sea of enemies that surrounded them.

The man was not very different from his daughter as when he stepped onto the battlefield he didn't bother to hold back.

The tornadoes of fire whistled noisily and under the control of the Second Order's powerful existence, thousands of goblins began to disappear rapidly turning into mortal debris that was blown somewhere by the strong winds that only served to boost the power of the flames even more.

At the north gate, Sun Jun was fiercely fighting alongside his brother-in-law Wu Keqian.

Although Sun Jun and Wu Keqian were powerful Second Order existences in their own right, they were both warriors who specialized mainly in stats like Strength, Stamina, and perhaps Agility.

Unlike the destructive power and control that a mage had on the battlefield, warriors were simply less flashy which was why while the two of them were doing a phenomenal job at keeping the enemy at bay, they simply had no way to compare to Feng Tian Wu and Feng Hong.

Fortunately, however, half of the powerful team that had participated in the Five Silver Pagodas expedition had been stationed in the north. With approximately 100 First Order existences whose Soul Power was particularly pure, the Unclassified goblins were experiencing what was an impossible wall to break through despite their practically infinite numbers; even the First Order goblins were being torn apart with ease.

At the east gate, Sun Ling and Wu Yijun were the most powerful existences in the area and were also the commanders in charge of protecting this part of the base, as well as not allowing the goblins to approach the walls.

Although Sun Ling and Wu Yijun were not Second Order existences, both women were talented and powerful.

Wu Yijun had thrown countless seeds everywhere and at this point she had raised her own forest from the ground. Everything within a range of approximately 3000 meters was surrounded by vines of all kinds, and all the goblins within that area were being eaten alive by the countless flesh-eating plants there.

However, even though 3000 meters sounded like a lot, the size of the eastern area of the base was simply too large; after all, around 300,000 people lived behind the walls they were protecting!

Sun Ling was like a shadow flashing across the battlefield, appearing and disappearing. Her two sharp daggers reaped the lives of countless enemies at lightning speed and the strange golden pheromones that emanated from her and surrounded her alluring body turned the already lustful goblins into creatures that could simply stand there, panting in rabid gasps as they stared stupidly at her, making it easy for Sun Ling to hunt them down.

Ironically and despite the east gate having the lowest number of soul evolvers, it was also next to the south gate (the one closest to the goblin nest) the place that could be considered relatively safe. This was because apart from people like Wu Yijun and Sun Ling, a troop of 10,000 soldiers fully armed with electromagnetic rifles had been stationed there!

A single shot from each electromagnetic rifle was enough to claim the lives of five or six goblins in a straight line before losing its power!

Several kilometers away from the south gate, inside one of the combat helicopters, Shangguan Bing Xue was sitting in the back seat as she watched the situation below through the window.

She was frowning slightly as she watched the sea of green rushing towards the base when a large flash of crimson light attracted her attention. Turning her face slightly, Shangguan Bing Xue narrowed her eyes and a flash of surprise shone in her sky blue irises as she saw Feng Tian Wu incinerating hundreds plus hundreds of thousands of goblins by herself.

"Lady Shangguan, should I get a little closer?"

Hearing the pilot's shout almost completely suppressed by the sound of the helicopter's rotor blades, Shangguan Bing Xue gave Feng Tian Wu one last glance before moving her eyes to her left.

There, that huge egg that seemed to be a living cave was pulsing. Goblins were still coming out of the not-so-small hole in the front.

Shangguan Bing Xue did not know how this giant thing appeared there, all she and the others knew was that it definitely had to do with the large amount of mana surrounding the area as it was too obvious that the giant egg was using the world's mana to generate goblins to exhaustion.

Suddenly, however, Shangguan Bing Xue's pupils trembled as she saw a strange object coming out from inside the cave. She hurriedly slapped the pilot's seat several times and commanded in an anxious voice:

"Move back! Quickly retreat!"

* * * * * * *