Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 725 - Goblin battleship

The combat helicopter pilot had no idea what was going on, after all, his eyes were not as good as those of a soul evolver, let alone compared to the eyes of a soul evolver of such a high level and whose Soul Power was as pure as was the case with Shangguan Bing Xue. However, none of that mattered to the man.

Hearing the anxiety in the voice of the beautiful woman sitting behind him and whom he dared not even look at for fear of being spellbound, the pilot immediately pulled the cyclic control back and to the right.

Shangguan Bing Xue continued to look left and back as the helicopter flew away from the giant egg. She pulled out a military radio from her bag and ordered in a serious and urgent voice, "To all Falcon units, leave the area immediately!"

Her words had just been sent when the movements in the sky immediately changed. The combat helicopters that circled the area and occasionally launched missiles stopped moving in circles and immediately retreated, returning to the vicinity of the base as ordered.

Shangguan Bing Xue sighed in relief as she saw that all the helicopters were able to move away safely. Although the goblins on the ground were launching attacks using bone arrows and stones, the combat helicopters had been modified and the shell was reinforced by the scales of a Second Order mutant snake that Wu Keqian and Sun Jun had defeated in the past.

"Child, did something happen?"

Wu Keqian's voice was transmitted from the military radio. Shangguan Bing Xue first made sure that there would be no immediate trouble and while carefully watching that increasingly large object coming out from inside the egg she replied in a cold voice, "Uncle Wu, you arrange for the metallic fleet to retreat back to the base please. These goblins are not as simple as we expected."

After a few moments of silence, one of the many small green lights on the military radio in Shangguan Bing Xue's hands came back on and Wu Keqian's serious voice rang out again:

"I saw the helicopters pulling back, that's why I contacted you. Could you explain a little about the situation on your side?"

Shangguan Bing Xue opened her mouth and was about to say something back when her expression changed slightly. She hurriedly pointed outside the window and said loudly, "Ice Shield!"

Followed by the appearance of a deep blue round shield approximately 50 meters in diameter on the back of one of the retreating combat helicopters, an explosion broke out noisily almost from ground level.

The ferocious thunder was so sudden that none of the pilots had time to react, and when they realized it, they had no time to make any kind of evasive maneuver.

BOOOM!!!

The ice shield exploded into thousands of small fragments that rained down from the sky like sparkling diamonds, being scattered everywhere by the strong winds. The helicopter that had been the target of the attack flew out of the pilot's control as the shockwave sent it spinning through the sky.

"Bing Xue?!"

"Bing Xue!"

"What was that?!"

"..."

Most of the green lights on Shangguan Bing Xue's military radio came on as the anxious voices of the various generals and commanders in charge of each group began to ask what had happened.

The explosion had been powerful enough to be heard even from the base!

The expression on Shangguan Bing Xue's face was as cold as ice as she watched the large flying object soaring into the sky after emerging from inside the egg.

She pressed the privilege button to speak, and after a moment of silence she said in an indifferent voice, "The goblins seem to have a zeppelin with them."

"Zeppelin?"

"Zeppelin?!"

"Like those giant air globes?"

"..."

Shangguan Bing Xue ignored everyone's words, and after making sure that the pilot of the affected combat helicopter managed to take control of the helicopter, she refocused her sky-colored eyes on the giant bomb-shaped object.

The goblin zeppelin, like all the other zeppelins, was oval-shaped like a nuclear bomb of colossal size. Approximately 400 meters long and with its earth color, the zeppelin looked like a small world captured in the coil of the sky. Its speed was nothing out of this world, around the same speed at which combat helicopters moved, however, what was really terrifying were the two cannons on either side of the flying ship.

The only thing that gave Shangguan Bing Xue some relief was the fact that the airship did not seem to have such great firepower. Even when she looked at the cannons on the sides of the flying object, she only felt a slight tinge of threat but nothing comparable to the cannons of the Sky Destroyer they had encountered and taken possession of recently.

"They look like cannons like those used in the Middle Ages.... But judging from the blast force from before they are definitely powerful weapons." Shangguan Bing Xue noted. She narrowed her eyes and a dangerous glint shone in them as she noticed the figure standing on top of the goblin zeppelin.

As if feeling its eyes, the goblin standing on top of the zeppelin focused on the combat helicopter Shangguan Bing Xue was riding in and a fierce grin appeared on his face. The creature definitely had intelligence, and not at an average level.

Shangguan Bing Xue saw the creature raise a white bone with lightning flashing around it and she quickly stood up. She opened the sliding door of the helicopter and the wind immediately caused her silver-white hair to wave wildly.

"Lady Shangguan?!" The pilot shouted in surprise as he looked over his shoulder.

"You keep moving!" she shouted loudly. After pressing a button on the military radio, Shangguan Bing Xue shouted another order, "Chen He, try to shoot down that zeppelin!"

She received no reply, however, two or three seconds later, a howling whistle followed by an explosion drew her eyes to the east. From there, a bright flash of blazing red light illuminated the sky with great power directly in the direction of the goblin zeppelin in the distance.

Shangguan Bing Xue kept her eyes fixed on the goblin zeppelin, more specifically, on the intelligent goblin standing on top of it.

The goblin snorted and clutched at the white bone with both hands while pointing at the fire arrow flying towards the zeppelin. Then, the white bone glowed and golden lightning immediately seemed to merge into the weapon.

Boooom!!!

A mighty blast thundered and from the bone in the goblin's hand, a great golden lightning flash shot at full speed straight towards the arrow in mid-flight.

BOOOOOOOM!!!

As the flaming red light and the golden light met, a mighty explosion shook the skies and illuminated the surroundings a few thousand meters out. The clouds of mana in the sky churned fiercely and several less powerful but equally dangerous explosions echoed everywhere in the vicinity as the mana ignited using the remaining magic power from the two attacks.

The goblin snorted again and a sardonic grin appeared on his face. He turned to look at the human female who was clearly capable of more powerful attacks than the one he had just stopped, but when his eyes landed on the distant combat helicopter, the goblin's pupils trembled.

Shangguan Bing Xue was no longer there.

The goblin quickly raised his bone and began to charge a new attack. His eyes now rested on the thin but long path of ice that rose from the ground like a staircase and bent 90 degrees directly pointing towards the zeppelin.

"Bing Xue, what's the deal with that goblin?!"

Chen He's voice came from the military radio but Shangguan Bing Xue was too busy to even take it out of her leather bag. She focused her eyes completely on the goblin and the zeppelin, and as she burst out with Agility that not even Bai Zemin would be able to match unless he used Overlap Regeneration, the distance quickly began to grow closer.

When Shangguan Bing Xue noticed that the power of the bone in the goblin's hands was about to explode, she pointed toward the sky and activated Ice Maker.

"Ice Apocalypse."

The image of thousands of ice meteors raining down from space flashed in Shangguan Bing Xue's mind, and at the same time as such a thing happened, her will was transmitted by her magic power into the rune of her skill.

Thousands of meteors over 20 meters in diameter each condensed as the air froze, and when Shangguan Bing Xue lowered her hand, the meteors began to fall down; most of them completely covering the goblin zeppelin.

A terrifying roar came from the goblin's mouth and as he reaffirmed his stance he released another powerful golden flash straight into the sky instead of firing it at Shannguan Bing Xue as he had planned.

Boom!!!

The first ice meteor was destroyed in an instant and a second and third explosions followed. The goblin forcefully moved the bone and as if it was a kind of laser beam the powerful golden lightning moved according to the movement of the bone, tracing a bright golden line that joined the clouds and the zeppelin.

Boom!! Boom!! Boom!! Boom!! Boom!! Boom!! Boom!! ....

The ice meteorites were shattered by the powerful golden beam, and although the war on the ground was still as bloody as before, the powerful golden light was a great wake-up call for the humans who briefly froze in fear at the thought of receiving such an attack. The walls of the base would be destroyed in moments!

At the same time, the cannons of the goblin zeppelin seemed to be activated from inside the flying ship as they immediately began firing at Shangguan Bing Xue.

The explosions from the cannons made it clear to Shangguan Bing Xue that even she would not survive a direct hit from those, therefore, she unhesitatingly activated one of her movement skills before the ice road she was using as support was shattered.

"Sonic Speed!"

Boom!

Shangguan Bing Xue disappeared from her position in a split second and several Mach cones appeared in her trajectory.

BOOM!!.... BOOM!!.... BOOM!!.... BOOM!!... BOOM!!...

The ice road was immediately shattered by the explosions, but even though the goblin in the zeppelin had managed to repel all the attacks, his expression was ugly. This was because he had completely lost sight of the human female!

Suddenly, a shiver ran through the goblin's bones, and without hesitation, he slashed backward with his white bone.

Booooom!

Followed by a powerful explosion, the shockwave pushed the goblin several steps backward as he cautiously looked forward. Unlike the goblins on the ground, this goblin clearly had enough intelligence to put aside his lust even in the face of a woman as beautiful as the one in front of him.

Shangguan Bing Xue frowned slightly as her attack failed. She thought she would be able to kill the goblin with a single slash, but she made a slight miscalculation.

She hadn't counted on the fact that this creature would already be in the Third Order.

Shangguan Bing Xue took advantage of the goblin's wariness in front of her to observe her body, and noticing the flashes of golden lightning intermittently flickering over her form, she was a little surprised to feel her muscles go slightly numb.Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

However, this was nothing to her. Her body became a blur and in an instant she reached the goblin, slashing with her sword straight for the neck.

The goblin was clearly not as powerful as Shangguan Bing Xue in terms of stats, but his weapon granted him some advantage due to the range and its destructive power.

"Die!!!"

The goblin roared and swung fiercely downward with the intention of destroying the human woman and not caring about the zeppelin that was already shaking in the sky due to the previous attack.

Shangguan Bing Xue's eyes flashed strangely as she noticed that this goblin somehow had a similar combat style to Bai Zemin when it came to crushing with Strength and heavy weapons.

'However, this creature can't compare to him in any aspect.' Shangguan Bing Xue's lips curved upwards.

Booom!!!

The white bone struck hard on the zeppelin and immediately a hole appeared, allowing one to see inside from the outside. The ship sank and slowly began to fall from the sky as the screams of the goblins inside made it clear that the matter was urgent.

However, the Third Order goblin had no time to worry about this as after crushing the human female in front of him, all he got was a flash of blue lightning bursting into tiny sparks before vanishing.

The goblin felt a slight pain in his head but could not comprehend what happened as the light in his eyes immediately dimmed before fading completely. From his forehead, the tip of Shangguan Bing Xue's sword was visible piercing all the way through his head from back to front.

She calmly withdrew her sword and the body of the goblin that was easily several inches taller than her fell to its knees before collapsing on the roof of the falling zeppelin.

Shangguan Bing Xue noticed the smoke billowing from the hole caused by the Third Order goblin and it didn't take her long to realize that a part of the engine had probably been damaged. She knew nothing about zeppelins control or mechanics and she was pressed for time, therefore, after some thought, she activated the Ice Maker.

The ice began to spread across the ship with her feet as the center and in a matter of seconds, the entire zeppelin had turned into a huge ball of ice. The goblins inside froze to death and the weight increase, as well as the loss of all control, caused the ship to start plummeting straight down into the sea of goblins.

Shangguan Bing Xue picked up the Third Order goblin corpse and the white bone, but just as she was about to make a leap to retreat, her pupils contracted to the size of a needle as her eyes landed on the giant egg again.

"Thank the gods and I contacted that man beforehand..."

She rejoiced in her heart at the sight of dozens of zeppelins emerging from the cave, all of them with a goblin standing on top.

* * * * * * *