Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 728 - Massacre in the sky

That thin, sharp but powerful line of azure that linked the heavens and the earth at lightning speed passed so easily through the outer and inner body of the goblin zeppelin that before the machine exploded into a yellow-blue fireball there were several flashes of lightning flashing in the engine room.

The Second Order goblin on top of the zeppelin and approximately five of the First Order goblins piloting inside were consumed by the explosion and the flames, dying on the scene.

BOOOM!!!

The zeppelin fell from the sky, exploding powerfully a second time after hitting the ground. There were thousands of goblins that were caught up in this explosion and lost their lives.

However, the surprise of Shangguan Bing Xue and the disbelief of the goblins was not over yet.

BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! ...

From high in the sky, beyond where normal sight could reach, approximately twenty thin, sharp blue lines like the previous one broke through the dense clouds of purple mana. The thin blue lines that linked the sky and the ground opened large holes in the clouds of mana and the white lightning flashes were engulfed by that mysterious deep blue color, creating calamitous explosions that illuminated the skies and the ground.

BOOOOM!!! BOOOOM!!! BOOOOM!!!! BOOOOM!!!.....

Seconds later, those twenty blue lines that had pierced with merciful accuracy through twenty goblin zeppelins, joined the first deep blue line, impacting on the ground like cluster bombs raining down from the clouds. Blue flames began to burn across the battlefield on the ground as the number of enemy zeppelins began to plummet from the clouds.

It wasn't until 70% of the battlefield was engulfed by blue flames that surrounded almost the entire human base and burned fiercely scorching the lives of the goblins that Shangguan Bing Xue finally understood what those thin, sharp blue lines raining down from the clouds were.

Who else besides Bai Zemin had such beautiful but at the same time deadly dangerous flames? Apparently, Bai Zemin was throwing arrows or spears of fire from great heights with such might that the flash of light persisted for a while in the trajectory traveled by the attack, giving it the appearance of laser beams!

"Bastard!"

One of the Third Order goblins roared furiously when he noticed what was happening.

It was only now that the goblins came out of their daze and disbelief!

That goblin pointed to the sky and shouted in a rabid voice: "Fire! Fire all cannons in that direction!"

The magic cannons on the now 14 zeppelins immediately moved and an instant later several powerful cannon shots rang out. The sky rumbled, and all the clouds several kilometers away scattered as a result of the fierce aftershocks resulting from the explosions.

Now, those with better eyesight could see from the ground the war that was taking place at an altitude of more than 10,000 meters.

However, the greatest terror was not for the humans who saw the only two remaining combat helicopters that looked extremely pitiful in comparison to the giant goblin zeppelins that also outnumbered them.

The greatest terror was taken by the goblins when they saw the giant object hovering in the sky 10,000 meters above the point in the sky where they were.

The goblin zeppelins were large without a doubt, at 400 meters in length they were comparable to the largest American aircraft carrier in the world; this alone spoke enough of how huge they were. However, when compared to the massive warship at approximately 20,000 meters off the ground, the size of the goblin zeppelins was simply pitiful to say the least.

"Sky Destroyer..." Shangguan Bing Xue finally let out a sigh of relief, and when she subconsciously relaxed, her beautiful face twisted into a grimace of pain as with the drop in adrenaline levels coursing through her blood now that she had calmed down, she was now fully aware of how badly her internal organs ached.

BOOOOOM!!! BOOOOOM!!! BOOOOM!!!! BOOOOOM!!! BOOOOM!!!! BOOOOOM!!! ...

The skies rumbled and huge clouds of yellowish fire illuminated everything for miles. A part of the Sky Destroyer was engulfed in flames after being hit by more than 30 shots from the magic cannons located on the sides of the goblin zeppelins. However, far from feeling happy and somewhat relieved, the goblins felt helpless and terrified at the terrifying sight that greeted them once the flames began to be blown away by the strong winds.

Right in the area that should have been hit by the shots from the magic cannons, a glowing golden barrier covered the giant battleship and protected it from all damage. Standing on top of it, a human man looked down with a stiff, lifeless expression on his face.

... Stiff and lifeless expression? Alarm bells suddenly rang in the heart of the goblin who had ordered the cannons to be fired skyward.

He could clearly remember how several minutes ago, the human female they had been fighting and who had given them so many headaches possessed a strange skill that allowed her to clone herself; the only apparent flaw that the intelligent goblins managed to detect in this skill after seeing it in play several times was in the opaque eyes just like the figure of the man on the edge of the giant battleship!

Unfortunately, the enemy attack had been executed with such accuracy and mastery that the Third Order goblin didn't even have time to activate one of his skills before his fate hit him as hard as a divine hammer.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!

Another zeppelin was knocked down, and with its fall, 1/4 part of the body of the Third Order goblin leading at the top burst into bloody mist before falling to the ground with the rest of his body surrounded by purple flames.

Immediately after, the wind whistled, and under the disbelieving eyes of another Third Order goblin, a figure shot towards her. The female goblin gritted her teeth and a vicious glint flashed in her eyes as she waved her bone staff:

"Repel!"

The expression on Bai Zemin's face changed slightly as a powerful gust of wind charged with large amounts of Mana and magic power obstructed his path. He, who was in mid-air, was forcefully pushed back and it was only a matter of time before he began to fall from the sky.

Another Third Order goblin that had learned from Shangguan Bing Xue kicked the zeppelin and with a mighty bang launched himself towards the human male. However, the creature was shocked when in mid-flight he noticed that, strangely, that human changed his trajectory as if he had wings.

Bai Zemin ignored the Third Order goblin who landed on another goblin zeppelin, his body moved like an arrow into the sky and in an instant reached over 500 meters high.

"Bow!" Bai Zemin's body spun, and as he coldly looked at the female goblin from before, a golden flash appeared in his hands.

Immediately after, a glowing blood arrow that seemed to be a precious treasure hardened in his palm and with deft movement of a master, Bai Zemin prepared to make his shot even with his body and the target in motion.Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

The female goblin did not stand idly by waiting for death. She did not hesitate when she saw that the crimson arrow was suddenly surrounded by deep blue flames, identifying them as the cause of the fiery apocalypse still spreading on the ground.

"Light Spear!"

Following the explosion of a pure white magic circle, a giant magic spear shattered all obstacles straight up into the sky.

At the same time as the white spear reflected in his eyes, Bai Zemin released his grip on his bowstring.

A thin flash of dull blue light fell from the clouds.

A thick, glowing white light rose toward the clouds.

The two attacks met halfway but did not collide with each other but merely brushed against them before continuing on their undisturbed trajectories.

The female goblin had left the zeppelin the first moment after launching her attack and was currently in the air, only a few meters away from reaching a new zeppelin to use as a foothold. She believed that her attack would definitely be able to, at the very least, seriously injure the human male.

BOOOOOOOOM!!!!!

However, except for the explosion of the goblin zeppelin being ripped through from side to side and destroyed, there was no other explosion.

"What?!" The eyes of the female goblin widened in disbelief as she watched her Light Spear continue to ascend into the sky before disappearing beyond her range of vision, "How can this be possible!!!"

Under her disbelieving gaze, as well as everyone else's, the body of the human changed its trajectory several times as he moved strangely faster and faster with his eyes fixed on a new target.

The expression of all the goblins hardened at the thought of having to face in the sky an enemy capable of flying and freely changing his movements; such an advantage was simply too great! Even if they had the zeppelins to lean on, that was nothing compared to being able to fly with complete freedom!

"Bull Force!"

The goblin on which Bai Zemin had focused his eyes immediately activated a skill that boosted his Strength tremendously. The muscles in his body swelled and with a mighty roar he stomped on the zeppelin beneath his feet.

The zeppelin was practically completely destroyed by the Third Order goblin himself, however, none of this mattered to the creature who had realized that to take on someone capable of flying through the skies, he needed to move fast enough to reach his enemy before the human male changed trajectory!

"Overlap Regeneration, Agility in exchange for Strength!"

The body of Bai Zemin was immediately enveloped by the characteristic godly golden radiance that came with the activation of Overlap Regeneration, giving him for brief seconds the ability to modify his records almost freely and granting him an appearance similar to that of a legendary divine figure.

His expression was fierce and cruel, surprising the Third Order goblin. Seeing the figure of a giant crimson-colored wolf appearing behind the body of the human male, the creature subconsciously panicked and without realizing it, the power with which he swung his mass was greatly reduced.

By the time Bai Zemin had activated Lonely Wolf Aura and released all his murderous intent, the swinging of his greatsword covered in purple flames resulting from the union of Crimson Flame and the Endless Blue Lotus Flame finally reached the chest of his enemy.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!

BOOOOM!!!!

Two explosions caused the sky to rumble and the white lightning that surrounded the sky to disperse, slowly coming back together.

At the same time as the message reporting the acquisition of Soul Power flashed in Bai Zemin's retinas, he felt as if his body had been hit by a truck when his left arm was smashed by the mace of the goblin.

The expression on Shangguan Bing Xue's face turned even whiter than it already was, if such a thing was even possible. It had all been too fast, only three or four seconds had passed since Bai Zemin had appeared on the battlefield and he had already accomplished things that she could not have accomplished in minutes, however, seeing him take such a huge blow and being sent flying with blood splattering all over the sky, her heart clenched.

Just then, something that left her in disbelief occurred.

Swoosh!

The body of Bai Zemin, which had been flying backwards out of his control, suddenly spun in a wide arc and swung toward a new zeppelin. Shangguan Bing Xue was even more shocked when her eyes caught a golden flash gleaming on his now visible arm bones.