Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 729 - Massive scale warfare during several days (Part 1)

Shangguan Bing Xue and the goblins were just equally surprised when the body of Bai Zemin stopped abruptly before shooting off in another direction; it was as if what they had seen about Bai Zemin being sent flying after receiving a full physical attack from the Third Order goblin had been a lie, an illusion!

'What is this all about?' Shangguan Bing Xue was at a loss. Since when had Bai Zemin learned to fly? Besides, what was that golden layer covering his bones?

Shangguan Bing Xue's mind was exhausted from the great battle she had just experienced and her stats had dropped considerably due to the colossal effort she had put in for more than half an hour, therefore, she did not even notice the passing seconds or otherwise she would have already joined the battle even if it meant ignoring her own safety.

Bai Zemin gritted his teeth and kept Blood Manipulation active at all times. The pain he felt was truly inhuman, a large part of the flesh on his left arm was gone and some muscles were torn to shreds; he had lost approximately 60% of the Strength in that arm.

Bai Zemin could feel that he had suffered considerable injuries after taking the attack of the Third Order goblin head-on; had he not evolved the Silver Skin skill to the next stage, Bai Zemin was sure that the attack he had just received would not have allowed him to move for quite a while. He might have even died considering the strong jolt his internal organs experienced.

The female goblin from before had bloodshot red eyes as she saw that the human male had not died yet. This human had taken a full-powered attack from a Hill Goblin head-on but was still alive and with fiery battle intent!

Hill Goblins were goblins with the skills of earth-type beasts that specialized in 100% Strength. However, such a powerful goblin was slaughtered with a single blow and couldn't even hurt the other party critically!

"Thousand Luminous Lightning Strikes!" The female goblin shrieked and waved her bone staff when she noticed that was targeted again. Repel was a powerful life-saving skill for mages like her, but the skill had a 5-minute cooldown time so it couldn't be used again right away.

At the same time as several purple lightning bolts began to fill the sky targeting Bai Zemin, 4 of the goblin zeppelins aimed their cannons at the approximate trajectory he was making before noisily opening fire.

Despite the pain, Bai Zemin forced himself to continue. When the sky rumbled, his skill Danger Sense immediately warned him and he didn't even think twice about activating Gravity Manipulation x30.

Bang!

Bai Zemin's body immediately began to plummet, creating small explosions for every few meters he crossed. He felt the attacks of the magic cannons pass by at a considerably close distance and sighed in relief when he realized that successfully managed to avoid them.

However, the worst was yet to come.

Suddenly, Bai Zemin's body stopped falling as he deactivated Gravity Manipulation. Like a spring that received some kind of impulse, Bai Zemin shot back up into the sky and in mere fractions of seconds he soared hundreds of meters with his eyes fixed on the female goblin; she was the biggest threat to him next to the zeppelins, and he needed to take her out of the game no matter what!

It was at that moment that a thick chain of bright lightning rained down from the sky and completely blocked Bai Zemin's position.

Surprisingly, a kind of smoke began to fill the area even before the lightning strikes completely fell. This attracted the goblins' attention, and one of them soon managed to identify what was going on:

"Damn! This bastard covered the whole area with tiny threads! He must be using them to move like that!"

Bai Zemin's expression was indifferent, he didn't care if he was caught since nothing would change. On the other hand, his concern was the lightning flashes falling toward him; he couldn't avoid them.

His eyes flashed with a tinge of madness, and instead of at least trying to retreat to suffer the least amount of damage, he pushed himself further into the sea of lightning.

Soon, his body was devoured by the bright lightning strikes.

The eyes of the female goblin flashed with delight, however, she didn't have time to delight too much as not even a second later something that chilled her blood occurred.

Bang!!!

Bai Zemin's body broke beyond the sea of lightning with his fierce eyes still focused on the female goblin as if he obsessed over her and wasn't willing to take his eyes off her even for an instant.

He was surrounded by a thin layer of blue fire and all around him were white sparks that slowly were dissipating. The bright lightning flashes from before had caused considerable damage on his body, and there were small holes in his armor that showed the scorched flesh underneath; his shoulder had even been pierced by a lightning strike directly until one could faintly see the bone below the flesh!

By the time the female goblin took a step back and tried to activate another skill, Bai Zemin had stepped forward and activated Lonely Wolf Aura again, making her movements stall for a brief moment.

However, just as Bai Zemin stepped onto the zeppelin and raised his greatsword above his head preparing to slaughter the enemy in front of him, out of the corner of his eye he saw the other Third Order goblin standing on top of the zeppelin charging towards him.

BANG!!!

"Uh?" The Third Order goblin specializing in Agility was very surprised when the human in front of him suddenly disappeared. His bone sword sliced through the air, creating a powerful bang in the process.

The last thing the Agility-type Third Order goblin saw were the terror-filled eyes of the female goblin in front of him, looking past his body frozen in fear.

BOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!

The upper half of the Agility-type goblin's body exploded in a bloody mist and the powerful air cannon resulting from the ferocious swing of Bai Zemin's weapon exploded straight out.

The body of the female goblin was hit by the shockwave because she was too close, and as she spat out several mouthfuls of fresh blood with internal organs mixed in, she was sent flying out of the zeppelin that was slowly starting to fall even though it had not been targeted.

After using Shadow Blink to appear behind the Agility-type Third Order goblin, Bai Zemin picked up the Soul Stone that had fallen next to the corpse quickly before running to the edge of the zeppelin. Crimson Thunder Dragon's Last Words disappeared from his hands and an exquisite golden bow appeared in its place after a glow shot out from his chest.

The eyes of the Third Order goblin female opened slightly as the wind blew hard around her in the process of falling, a glint of unwillingness shone in her stare. In her dark pupils, the image of Bai Zemin standing at the edge of the zeppelin and aiming at her with a new crimson arrow ringed by blue flames reflected clearly.

BANG!!!

The arrow surrounded by blue flames shot out with lightning speed and just like before traced a thin pale blue line in a way that it looked like a laser beam rather than an arrow fired by a person.

BOOM!!!

The female goblin's body was struck in the chest by the arrow and several chunks of flesh fell off before being incinerated. The cry of pain that sounded more like an unbearable howl could be heard even in the midst of the chaos that was raging in the skies, and as she fell towards the ground now faster than before, her body was engulfed by blue flames that quickly devoured her already half-finished life.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

BOOOOM!!! BOOOOM!!! BOOOOOOM!!!

Hearing the two terrifying explosions followed by an even more powerful one and after identifying them as the result of the cannons of one of the enemy zeppelins and the attack of a Third Order goblin, Bai Zemin gritted his teeth and got ready to withstand the impact by activating Overlap Regeneration. However, the air around him suddenly froze at incomprehensible speeds and subconsciously he sighed in relief.

BOOOOOOOOOOM!!!

Bai Zemin's body was sent flying and a slight groan of pain slipped out of his lips along with a thin trickle of blood as the vicious shockwave mercilessly lashed his back. As he plummeted, Bai Zemin noticed shards of broken ice raining down from above, as well as the downed zeppelin falling faster and faster from the clouds.

Shangguan Bing Xue sighed in relief when she saw Bai Zemin once again using those blood threads to soar into the sky. She had just spent a good portion of her remaining Mana to make an ice shield strong enough to mitigate most of the damage from two cannon shots and an attack of a Third Order power.

Still, she was truly surprised, and the reason for her surprise was the same as that of the goblins that were still alive.

"Damn it! What the hell is wrong with these threads?!"

"No matter how we tear them apart they all come back together!"

"..."

The blood arrows that Bai Zemin had used earlier to destroy the goblin zeppelins with support of the Endless Blue Lotus Flame were not blood arrows crafted as casually as they seemed; they were blood arrows that contained 100 points of Mana each!

So much Mana compressed into a single small arrow.... But, the process was necessary. This was because every time those blood arrows pierced a zeppelin, it immediately disintegrated into hundreds of thin, almost invisible threads.

After launching more than 20 blood arrows, each containing 100 points of Mana thanks to the support of Overlap Regeneration, the entire area was practically covered by more than 2000 blood threads that Bai Zemin could control at will thanks to his Blood Manipulation skill.

He could now move everywhere around the zeppelins as if it was his backyard; best of all, as long as the blood on the threads did not completely disappear, Bai Zemin would be able to endlessly reattach them until his Mana was completely depleted!

Bai Zemin was not only powerful, cautious, and had the constant desire and will to advance further.... He was also a brilliant strategist! It was thanks to him planning long before jumping into the battlefield that he had emerged victorious in every fight so far!

"Bing Xue!"

Shangguan Bing Xue jumped in place as the assault helicopter moved through the sky swiftly, the pilot was trying his best to get away from such a dangerous battle zone.

Bai Zemin's body was covered with wounds of all kinds, some seemed to be no big deal but Shangguan Bing Xue could see the glow of white lightning still flickering in the flesh of his body and around the barely hidden gold-colored bones; it was clear that the attack of the Third Order goblin female was still punishing him.

Even then, his eyes were as fierce as those of a raging wolf and his voice as powerful as a lion's roar amidst the clouds of mana, soaring fearlessly through the skies:

"Help the rest and leave this to me!"

Shangguan Bing Xue's expression changed when she heard this. Did he want to fight alone against the now 6-7 Third Order goblins? If the battle was on earth then she wouldn't be so worried, but in the sky? Bai Zemin's body seemed to be on the verge of collapse!

Bai Zemin didn't wait for an answer as he launched himself towards another zeppelin. At the same time as he used several blood threads to dash and dodge several magic attacks and cannon shots from the magic cannons, the golden ring on the little finger of his right hand glowed.

The Sky Destroyer seemed to receive some kind of command, and for the first time since it made its appearance before the goblins, it moved from its state of quietude.