Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The Sky Destroyer, that giant warship that had been just hovering 20,000 meters above the ground and 10,000 meters above the aerial battlefield where Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue were facing the flying fleet of the goblin race, that ship that had been silent until now, finally moved.

Noticing the steady descent of the giant battleship, the Third Order goblins panicked and hurriedly used the power of the zeppelin cannons to attack with everything they had. There were even some goblins that directly slammed their weapons into the sky in an attempt to use shockwaves to cause some extra damage.

However, none of that worked.

BOOOOM!!! BOOOOM!!! BOOOOM!!! BOOOOM!!! BOOOOM!!! ....

RUMBLE.....

...

The thunderous explosions silenced the steady crackle of bright lightning that serpentined like flood dragons through the endless clouds of mana. The sky rumbled loudly as the shock waves pushed the clouds of mana away from the area affected by the explosions and huge flares of fire illuminated the strange day-night condition.

By the time the fire clouds were slowly dying down and dispersing, the Sky Destroyer continued its descent; neither fast nor slow, the giant warship's speed was not affected at all just because it had taken several bombardments.

"Damn with that damn thing!" growled under his breath a Third Order goblin with a glowing scarlet wooden bow.

Realizing that the Sky Destroyer was not attacking and was only descending, the goblin archer shouted loudly, "Let's attack these humans first! That ship clearly has some trouble or else the cannons would have already opened fire from the start!"

The expression on Bai Zemin's face was indifferent as his body moved through the countless thin blood threads. He knew that the Sky Destroyer would only be able to cause pressure thanks to its size and the secondary cannons visible from the outside for a very limited amount of time before his enemies realized something was wrong.

Actually, it wasn't that Bai Zemin didn't want to use the Sky Destroyer's power to wipe out these enemies... but the problem was that there was no point in doing so!

The reason? The reason was very simple but at the same time complicated.

* * *

Several minutes ago, after Lilith advised Bai Zemin to push the speed of the Sky Destroyer even if it meant consuming more energy than normal.

Standing on the deck of the battleship, Bai Zemin had a slight frown on his face as his eyes looked towards the distant horizon with anxiety in his heart. Although it was still some time before he reached his desired destination, Bai Zemin could not help but want to go out on the deck of the ship as if being there would speed up the process of arrival or shorten the way.

????? ????? Due to the process of evolution of the world, the laws were getting stronger and thus everything was a lot more fierce compared to the past. The strong winds blowing at 20,000 meters as the battleship moved at high speeds were nothing to scoff at; a soul evolver below level 15 could be cut into millions of tiny cubes of flesh by the powerful wind blades and a soul evolver below level 20 with poor stats would easily be swept away from the ship by the current before being turned into ashes by the countless lightning bolts of mana.

"Now that this world, Earth, is evolving, you'd better prepare yourself for some not-so-small changes." A voice that sounded low but clear, sweet but firm, kind but direct, rang out beside him.

Lilith was standing next to Bai Zemin, except that unlike him who was looking off into the distance, she was looking at him out of the corner of her eye.

She continued, "As you well know, every world has its own laws. A prime example of this is space law. In the past, the natural spatial barrier of the Earth was punctured when you used a concentrated attack on a small area that exceeded the capacity of the spatial law in that area of the natural barrier. However, with the evolution of Earth, the spatial barrier will become countless times more powerful in comparison so unless you use some kind of world destroyer level attack I don't think such a thing will happen again."

World destroyer level attacks. Bai Zemin had heard from Lilith previously about such a thing.

As it suggested, a world-destroying level attack was an attack with the potential to destroy at least one entire planet. Bai Zemin possessed the ability to launch an attack of such a magnitude, and had launched it on Oblon World. However, he would never use it on Earth even if his life depended on it; in fact, it was unlikely that he would use such an attack even on other worlds unless the residents of such a world or such worlds were cruel existences like the Asura race.

"Not only will the space law and thus the barrier protecting Earth become stronger but all laws will become more powerful." Lilith explained quickly but clearly so that he understood everything: "With your current Agility and some extra boost you should be able to break through the sound barrier of the past Earth with ease, but it's not possible for you to do that unless you make it up isn't it? This is because mana is strengthening not only the living beings but also the world and therefore its laws. .... You can think of the world as a physical body and the laws that compose it as the internal organs."Pa nda

No vel "This is because in the future, people on Earth will be able to learn skills by studying the laws of the world they live in; this is a completely normal thing but one that takes many years to achieve.... At least under normal circumstances, that is." Lilith clarified at the end, remembering that the person next to her and some others close to him were anomalies of the universe. "The problem is that during the process of evolution, things happen that in the worst case scenario can lead to a race becoming extinct."

"Extinction of a race..." Bai Zemin muttered and the frown on his face became even more pronounced as the bad feeling in his heart began to grow.

Lilith remained silent for a few seconds to reorganize her words and before continuing with her explanation she asked, "Do you remember what I told you a while back, regarding monsters such as goblins?"

Bai Zemin's expression suddenly changed and in a single second his face turned extremely ugly as a memory that he had almost completely forgotten flashed in his memory.

"It seems like you had forgotten.... Although it's understandable with all the crazy things that have happened to you in such a short time," Lilith sighed before nodding, "New Age Monsters. Not only can these monsters be born by normal means, but they can also form when the conditions are right and there are huge amounts of mana concentrated in an area."

"Damn it!" Bai Zemin couldn't help but curse as he looked at his surroundings with some apprehension.

The entire Earth was overflowing with mana!

Lilith naturally felt his frustration, she tried to help by gently caressing his face while whispering softly just like a bride trying to calm her enraged groom, "Calm down.... It's at times like this that you need to keep your composure, remember that."

With the loss of the passive effect of the Stone Heart skill, the emotions of Bai Zemin were no longer suppressed as before. Therefore, his mood was no longer as similar to that of a robot or an intelligent machine and his thoughts were affected by his emotions.

However, Bai Zemin had also evolved a lot compared to his past self; he was no longer that boy from before who did not know how life worked. After several deep breaths, he closed and clenched his fists a couple of times before exalting heavily and nodding silently.

"The density of mana that the Earth currently has is simply abnormal, but considering that nothing in this world has been normal since the beginning I don't think that's that surprising to you," Lilith looked at Bai Zemin carefully, and seeing that he had actually calmed down enough to listen and think, she continued, "Therefore, it is to be expected that many New Age Monsters will be born.... This will happen not only here in China, but it is happening now all over the world."

How many would die during this Earth evolutionary process? Hundreds of thousands? Millions?

Mankind was already on the brink of annihilation with the advent of the Soul Record alone; the zombies and mutant beasts alone had been more than enough to force humans into a rat-like corner. However, even before mankind had time to set foot firmly in the new world, that same world was changing again.

The desire to become stronger was so overwhelming that Bai Zemin felt as if a bomb was buried inside his chest. He needed to become stronger, a lot stronger!

His power was enough to sweep away everything in the Earth's first evolution stage, however, Bai Zemin was no longer so confident now that the world was growing and its inhabitants were continuing to evolve while he was stuck in the First Order.

Lilith continued, "As you know, that woman, Shangguan Bing Xue, is currently facing an army of millions of goblins. These goblins, at least for the most part, were not born by natural means but are creatures born by the high density of mana in this place."

Bai Zemin surveyed the surroundings and his heart clenched.

Tornadoes of mana could be seen in the distance, whirling and sweeping away anything in their path. Bai Zemin had seen a Second Order tiger get caught by the eye of the storm before, never to leave again.

Those things were packed with mana and their explosion would only release that mana, making the current situation even worse!

"Besides, I'm afraid the current situation is even worse than it could be," Lilith smiled bitterly as she spoke these words.

She really didn't want to give her beloved so much bad news one after another, but what else could she do? Lilith couldn't just keep quiet when she had the capacity to offer valuable information that would help Bai Zemin prepare for what was coming and thus avoid countless troubles, or could she? That would be selfish indeed.

The expression on Bai Zemin's face was quite relaxed at this point. Things were already so bad that he was already growing numb.

"Remember that mana womb you killed in college?"

"That worm?"

"Exactly, that worm." Lilith nodded before saying bitterly, "It seems one of the smart goblins managed to find something similar. That goblin happened to be coincidentally near the base of the faction called Chinese Renaissance just as the world began to evolve. Now, what that woman is facing is basically an almost infinite army.... No matter how many they kill, the goblins will continue to come out." Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Cool." Bai Zemin nodded indifferently.

"Well, it's not like it's all that bad.... At the very least, those goblins will only be First Order creatures at most and the vast majority won't even be above level 5. All the other goblins will be part of an army that already existed in the first place." Lilith tried to find the good point in all this even though it was difficult.

However, Bai Zemin had found the crucial point.

"Lilith, you said that the army is almost infinite... That means this army can be annihilated, doesn't it?"

"That''s right." Lilith nodded. Her face became serious and she said in a clear voice, "Until the Earth completes its evolution and absorbs all the excess mana to strengthen itself, all they have to do is withstand the goblin attack. They themselves will fall as the days go by."

"Cool." Bai Zemin repeated, and as he looked up at the chaotic sky, he sighed, "It looks like we will be in a massive scale warfare for several days."