Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 731 - God of War's Partial Possessionand fury

Back to the present.

The Sky Destroyer descended and, to the goblins' surprise and to Shangguan Bing Xue's astonishment, the huge attack craft continued to descend beyond 10,000 meters in altitude. Far from attacking, the Sky Destroyer simply followed Bai Zemin's command.

The goblins also did not waste any more ammunition and energy on the giant warship, at the end of the day, they had already seen that no matter how much they attacked the golden barrier was simply impenetrable to them in the short period of time. The goblins were more than happy if it gave them time to be able to kill the troublesome humans in front of them; they would already have time to take care of the human warship after that.

Who knows, they might even take control of the warship!

However, when the Sky Destroyer descended low enough for the goblins and Shangguan Bing Xue to get a clear view of the deck, they all froze; this was especially so for Shangguan Bing Xue.

"Bing Xue!"

Bai Zemin's shout attracted the ice princess' eyes, and when she saw him gesturing to her, it didn't take long for her to understand what he wanted her to do.

Despite being unwilling, Shangguan Bing Xue needed some time to recover her lost Stamina and Mana. She could recover quickly even while killing some low-level enemies and helping the others on the battlefield being fought on the ground, but she would definitely not be able to recover and would end up even worse if she continued to fight in the sky against these powerful existences on a battlefield that did not favor her. This was not to mention the fact that she was wounded, but looking at the present condition of Bai Zemin, Shangguan Bing Xue would rather commit suicide than wince even one more time.

She gritted her teeth, and while closing her eyes, she nodded heavily. Then, she turned to look at the pilot of the assault helicopter and said something to him before taking out her military radio and giving an order that the pilot of the other helicopter immediately began to carry out.

However, seeing the pilot of the helicopter she was riding in hesitating as he looked at the giant battleship descending lower and lower, Shangguan Bing Xue could not help but release a bit of her frustration on the unfortunate man: "What are you waiting for? Didn't you hear what I ordered you to do? Move!"

Shangguan Bing Xue had already stopped being surprised by the fact that her coldness, calmness, and indifference wavered or simply disappeared completely when it came to a matter involving Bai Zemin. However, she had noticed that as time went by and as she evolved, it became much more difficult not to get carried away by emotions; something that was truly ironic considering that she had learned to control and hide her emotions throughout her life.

As Shangguan Bing Xue thought that Soul Record was a truly terrifying existence or entity since it did something similar to Bai Zemin in the past by giving him the skill Stone Heart, the pilot's response came immediately.

"R- Roger!" The pilot almost peed his pants when he heard the deathly cold voice prickling at him from behind and for a moment he couldn't help but feel as if the grim reaper was approaching. The man didn't dare take even a second as he carefully controlled the helicopter and a few moments later it flew through the thin golden barrier covering the battleship, landing slowly in a corner not far from the other helicopter.

Shangguan Bing Xue observed the people standing in the center of the battleship and an expression of surprise and confusion flashed in her eyes. They all wore Rank 1 armor and carried mostly swords and spears but there were also some with shields and giant axes or one-handed hammers, all were Rank 1 weapons as well, and she could identify that they had not been forged by Bai Zemin because she had seen his work in person.Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

However, what shocked Shangguan Bing Xue the most was the number of people, as well as the strength they possessed.

"Bing Xue, I have explained the situation to them before! They will listen to you on the battlefield!"

Bai Zemin shouted from the distance. The Sky Destroyer soon descended beyond the thick clouds of mana making them no longer visible from his position.

"Attack!"

BOOOM!!!! BOOOM!!!! BOOOM!!!! BOOOM!!!! BOOOM!!!! BOOOM!!!! BOOOM!!!! ....

ᴾᵃⁿᵈᵃ ⁿᵒᵛᵉˡ The goblins did not stand in silence. After the terrifying Sky Destroyer disappeared and they were sure that they would not be attacked by those ferocious cannons, the green creatures ordered the attack and the zeppelins immediately opened fire under the control of the creatures inside.

Bai Zemin did not dare to stand still at all and at the slightest sign of problems he had already moved from his previous position. Making use of the more than 2000 blood threads he had prepared beforehand, what he was doing was not very different from flying through the skies as he could even pass through some threads as if they were not there and use others located beyond thanks to the almost merciful capacity that Blood Manipulation granted him over the element.

There were hundreds of threads that were shattered when they encountered the firepower of the magic cannons, however, the power of the magic cannons was not powerful enough to destroy on a molecular level something that was reinforced and empowered by the mana of a monster like Bai Zemin; even if it was just blood. Therefore, not even a second after breaking and practically disintegrating, the blood threads glowed, and under Bai Zemin's control they came back together and became as tough and resilient as they were at the beginning despite being so thin and looking weak.

"DIE!!!"

The expression on Bai Zemin's face was as fierce as that of the demons when after stepping on one of the many threads surrounding him and launching himself like a torpedo towards the nearest zeppelin, he raised his weapon high in preparation to attack. Pa nda

Novel [Lonely Wolf Aura!]

The blurred image of a crimson-colored wolf appeared at Bai Zemin's back as he released all his murderous intent and focused almost 100% on the goblin in front of him.

However, to Bai Zemin's surprise, the Third Order goblin grinned.

The grin on the intelligent goblin's face was a bit fearful as the murderous intent laden with the life of over a billion living beings was discharged on his head, however, the grin on the creature's face was mostly mocking as if it disdained Bai Zemin's attack.

It was then when Bai Zemin sensed deadly danger from behind and for an instant he felt his blood run cold as he realized that at some point one of the goblins might have moved without him noticing.

Swoosh!

The goblin that Bai Zemin was targeting also moved and with a mighty leap headed to meet him. Even though his overall power had dropped considerably due to the constant effect of the Lonely Wolf Aura skill, a Third Order existence was a Third Order existence not for nothing!

A flash of madness shone in Bai Zemin's eyes, and just as it happened several times in the past when an enemy cornered him, he completely threw all fear towards death. Instead of focusing on defense to suffer as little damage as possible, what he did was activate Gravity Manipulation x20 and re-activated Crimson Flame.

Almost completely ignoring the slashing attack that was getting closer and closer to his back, Bai Zemin simply barely had time to turn his body slightly when a horrible amount of pain that made his pupils tremble assaulted him. At the same time, a large gush of red blood flew gushing out of his chest and out of his mouth.

However, the fact that he did that also had its reward.

BOOOOOOOM!!!!

Bai Zemin's greatsword slammed into the chest of the Third Order goblin that was attacking him from the front; his main target. The sky lit up for a moment with crimson radiance as flames danced everywhere along with crackling lightning.

The Third Order goblin surprisingly did not die on the scene, however, the blow had been fatal enough to critically injure him and cause him to pass out.

"Bastard!!!" The Third Order goblin that had managed to stab a poisoned sword into Bai Zemin's back raged. Not only had his surprise attack failed to hit the heart but the human in front of him even ignored it to kill one of his own!

"Little flame!!!" Bai Zemin ignored the pain he felt in his back and chest as he roared loudly.

BANG!

The Endless Blue Lotus Flame burst outward from inside Bai Zemin's body and in a split second surrounded both his body and the killer goblin's body.

The Third Order goblin immediately panicked as huge waves of pain assaulted his body. To the creature's surprise and disbelief, his natural defensive layer was turned into trash by the blue flames and in just a split second his body began to suffer burns that would definitely become terrifying as time passed.

While the power of the Endless Blue Lotus Flame was not enough to end the life of a Third Order existence in a short period of time, the ferocity with which the blue flame burned was enough to drive anyone crazy. Therefore, the first reaction of the Third Order goblin was what any living being would have in this kind of situation; to let go of his sword and retreat in an attempt to get away from the cause of the hellish pain he was suffering.

However, this was a fatal mistake from the goblin.

[Bloodlust has reached its peak. Second Activation of God of War's Will, God of War's Partial Possession, goes into immediate effect. Strength +800, Magic +800.]

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Accompanied by explosions comparable to several bombs going off continuously and under the wide eyes of the goblin assassin that had not yet moved far enough away from Bai Zemin, the huge sword surrounded by red flames and bright crimson lightning grew larger and larger before hitting him directly in the head.

BOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!

The head of the Third Order goblin exploded into pieces without even putting up any resistance against the power of the giant weapon being swung with such great power.

Bai Zemin was really furious at this point. He used Blood Manipulation to slow down the effect of the poison in his body to the maximum and to expel it bit by bit before running to the edge of the zeppelin and jumping off just in time before the ship was bombarded by the other goblin zeppelins.

"I said..."

As he plummeted down from the sky and after spotting the Third Order goblin who was falling down fainted and severely injured after his previous attack, Bai Zemin didn't even bother with anything else as he raised Crimson Thunder Dragon's Last Words and threw it with all his Strength forward at the same time as he activated Gravity Manipulation x10.

"DIE!!!"

In just an instant and completely breaking through the sound barrier, the greatsword reached the Third Order goblin on the brink of death and with monstrous accuracy struck the creature's chest again.

[Critical Hit!]

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!

Followed by an explosion that had exceeded almost all previous ones, the sky rumbled and the clouds of mana gathering in ever-increasing numbers were dispersed in an instant. The white lightning flashes that exploded in the process converged to cause even more chaos and illuminated the skies with such intensity that viewed from afar it looked as if the gods were about to descend upon the world.

A blood thread immediately coiled around Bai Zemin as if it had a life of its own, and under his control, it threw him back into the sky with great momentum.

Bai Zemin shot upwards like a rocket and the careless movement caused the wounds on his body to worsen even more. However, his expression was so fierce that the remaining 5 Third Order goblins for a moment could not help but feel some fear despite the miserable condition the opponent they were facing looked in.

Lilith observed everything from the sky and a slight frown added another more serious kind of beauty to her natural seduction. In theory and with the skills Bai Zemin possessed to keep his rationality clear, no skill should enrage him that much unless it was a high level of the skill Blood Berserker's Wrath.

"He's really furious right now," Lilith concluded in a low voice.

* * *

Standing on the bow of the Sky Destroyer, now a mere 1000 meters above the ground, and just as the giant battleship came to a stop, Shangguan Bing Xue's eyes moved skyward. The brilliant white glow with faint hints of crimson red reflected in her blue eyes and a glint of worry shone in them.

However, she soon shook her head and looked at the people in front of her. Although she did not know them, Shangguan Bing Xue trusted Bai Zemin completely which was why after a deep breath, she commanded in a clear voice that was packed with murderous intent:

"Kill! Kill all the goblins!"

* * * * * * *