Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 732 - Reconverted humans crushing the goblins!

The reaction Shangguan Bing Xue received after ordering to slaughter the goblins was not war shouts, far from it, it was silence. The people there looked at each other with some hesitation as if they did not know what to do. This reaction made her feel perplexed more than angry.... It was as if the people in front of her were not warriors to begin with.

However, such a thing should not be possible.... No, it was just impossible.

It made no sense at all in Shangguan Bing Xue's eyes.

This was because the group of approximately 2500-2600 people in front of her consisted of all First Order existences!

There was even a Second Order one standing in front of the troops!

Where on earth had Bai Zemin gotten so many First Order humans from! No, more importantly... Where had he hidden these soul evolvers?! Shangguan Bing Xue's mind was in chaos but she knew that this was not the time or place to ask questions for which all her doubts would have to wait.

Now, however, the problem was another.... Why weren't these people moving?

Of course, Shangguan Bing Xue had no way of knowing that these people were actually technically normal humans. These soul evolvers in front of her had been zombies until a few hours ago, but thanks to the power of Bai Zemin's Limitless Pagoda, they had regained their humanity after their records returned to normal.

It was the first time Bai Zemin had turned so many zombies into humans again, so there were many things he didn't know about how they worked. After all, it could be said that he was new and inexperienced when it came to the power of his Limitless Pagoda, its current limits, and its hidden virtues.

With Unclassified zombies, they all experienced about 1 day of fever before slowly recovering and regaining consciousness. However, these reconverted humans would not retain memories of their life as zombies.

It seemed that things were different from the First Order.

Instead of being unconscious for so long, First Order and Second Order zombies were only unconscious for about 30 minutes before waking up. In addition, another not-so-small difference was that these zombies regained their memories of the time they lived as zombies since in contrast to the Unclassified zombies they had at least some level of sanity; this was mostly true for the Second Order.

All of these reconverted humans had decided to follow Bai Zemin; including the Second Order zombie that had led them before. It was precisely for this reason that he equipped them with weapons and armor, welcoming them into his faction with joy in his heart.

After all, how could he not accept them and be happy? This was a large army of very powerful soul evolvers! One less zombie and one more human!

But what Bai Zemin didn't count on and something he had overlooked due to the current circumstances was that while these reconverted humans were undoubtedly powerful, they had never really fought of their own free will; at least not as humans. This was a somewhat confusing matter, but among the records of the zombie race, combat to the death was a normal thing despite the fear while it depended greatly and varied from individual to individual in the records of the human race.

Just as Shangguan Bing Xue pondered whether she should punish one to warn the rest of them of the consequences of disobeying a superior on the battlefield since strange as it seemed Bai Zemin did not seem to have had time to explain the rules clearly, the only Second Order existence among them stepped forward.

The former Second Order zombie, Ye Feng, looked at his severed hand silently for a moment; it was the hand Bai Zemin had cut off earlier while he was still a zombie. After a few seconds, Ye Feng raised his head and looked at the reconverted humans in front of him; they all had the same complicated and doubtful expression that he had had a moment ago.

"Bai Zemin, the person who saved us from the prison we were in, cut off this hand of mine," Ye Feng said calmly. His voice was neither high nor low, nor did it contain hatred at all despite the content of his words; on the contrary, it was thick with gratitude as he said louder and louder, "However, I don't hate him at all.... On the contrary, I feel deeply indebted to him."

Everyone looked at Ye Feng in confusion, no one knew why he was saying this as honestly none of them cared too much about how he was feeling. However, the next words he said struck a nerve in the heart of all of them.

"All of us here have done unforgivable things, haven't we?! You all know what I'm talking about, don't you?!" Ye Feng shouted with hatred and anger in his voice as he looked at everyone with red eyes.

Shangguan Bing Xue did not know what he was talking about, however, everyone else was aware that the anger and hatred in Ye Feng's eyes and voice were not directed at them but were directed at himself.

"My sinful brothers and sisters, for every goblin we kill we will be saving the life of a human! Don't you think it's only fair for sinners like us to redeem ourselves at least a little after all the atrocities we have committed?!"

They had killed countless humans! They had eaten their own kind! Some had even been the cause of family members, friends, and loved ones being eaten to death or turned into zombies! Pa nda

Novel Even if all these acts were committed by people who were not really them anymore, the memories were fresh in their minds as if the ones who made those decisions had been themselves!

One of them finally snapped.

"Fuck!!!"

With a roar filled with anger, pain, and above all frustration that only those who lived with the memories of what they did could comprehend, one of the little over 2500 First Order reconverted humans turned around and rushed to the edge of the battleship before jumping off with resolve.

Ye Feng's words seemed to contain some kind of fire that served to light the fuse that was silently waiting to be burned in order for the powder hidden underground to finally fully explode.

"Fight!"

"Kill the goblins!"

"We have to pay for our sins!"

"..."

Shangguan Bing Xue watched frozen and wide-eyed as the over 2500 soul evolves roared skyward words with feelings that mainly hovered around sadness. Then, they all ran to the edge of the Sky Destroyer and jumped fearlessly and without any hesitation, falling directly between the human troops and the seemingly endless goblin army.

She watched in confusion and at the same time amazement as the more than 2500 First Order humans, under the leadership of a Second Order one, charged straight into the sea of goblins. They all slashed their weapons with cries of rage and some of them with tears blurring their vision.

Blood flew everywhere, over 2000 skills of all kinds were activated practically at the same time, thousands of explosions shook the earth, and in just a second, tens of thousands of Unclassified goblins were wiped off the map forever.

Shangguan Bing Xue heard a pair of footsteps behind her, and when she looked over her shoulder, she saw Xia Ya in the company of Evangeline and Shen Mei. She knew that Bai Zemin's mother and sister had gone north with him, but she guessed that they were inside the battleship at the moment.

"Evangeline, do you know these people?" Shangguan Bing Xue asked, her first thought naturally was that perhaps something big had happened in the north and since she had not been in contact with the faction for about 1 month she might need to get updated.

However, to her surprise, Evangeline shook her head and said in a cold voice, "I have no idea."

Xia Ya approached the edge of the battleship, and as she watched the humans that had been under pressure suddenly pushing the goblin army located in the south back bit by bit, she sighed.

"Our leader really is a man of miracles..... We are lucky that someone like him was born in our China."

After saying such words that expressed her current feelings and real thoughts, Xia Ya quietly chanted, "Wolf Pack."

She directly consumed 80% of her Mana and used every point of her Magic in order to make the effect range of her skill extend to the maximum possible. All humans who considered Bai Zemin their leader from the heart regardless of their reasons and that were within a range of 20 km with her as the center immediately had a tremendous power boost.

The explosions coming from the ground became more terrifying, the power of magical skills and physical attacks practically multiplied, tripled, and in some cases even quadrupled!

The goblin army was practically being completely crushed at this point.

Shangguan Bing Xue, Evangeline, and Shen Mei immediately had a huge increase in their stats. Shangguan Bing Xue was calmer as she had experienced this several times in the ruins, however, Evangeline and Shen Mei froze before looking at Xia Ya in shock.

Both Evangeline and Shen Mei knew that Xia Ya was powerful, tremendously powerful; after all, neither of them could sense the level, quality, or extent of her Soul Power. However, Evangeline and Shen Mei did not expect to meet an anomaly of such magnitude.

She was practically as abnormal as Bai Zemin was but from a different angle!

"We small wolves only need to follow the alpha wolf... Only by following the right one can we survive the harsh winter." Xia Ya said before jumping off the Sky Destroyer.

When Xia Ya joined the battlefield, the already disproportionate war became simply a game for the human side. The blood of the goblins practically became one with the earth as there was not even an inch without blood on the ground within several kilometers around.Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Evangeline and Shen Mei still did not understand Xia Ya very well, however, Shangguan Bing Xue knew her better. She knew that Xia Ya's Wolf Pack skill had a fatal defect.... In fact, Wolf Pack could be considered a useless skill as that defect was simply too big.

However, it was thanks to Bai Zemin that Xia Ya found the light and it was only thanks to his existence that the skill Wolf Pack worked, otherwise, a large part of Xia Ya's real power would have been sealed for practically the rest of her life.

To say that Xia Ya was practically born and would probably live the rest of her life for and because of Bai Zemin was not too wrong considering that everything about her was linked to him.

"Hey, Bing Xue! Bing Xue!"

Wu Yijun's voice rang out from the military radio in Shangguan Bing Xue's bag.

"Yijun." She replied after picking up the radio.

"What's going on?! The goblins at the other gates are moving south as if they have received some kind of order, and when I reported it to Feng Tian Wu, that girl replied saying that there was no need to worry! She simply gave the same reply to all the other commanders!"

Wu Yijun's voice sounded quite anxious and even a bit hysterical, which was completely normal. After all, the base had been surrounded for hours but this was the first time something like this had happened, therefore, the changes naturally made them feel apprehensive.

Besides, no soul evolvers from the other three gates dared to leave their position to head south to see what was going on, because if this was a trap set up by the goblins to attack the moment the humans neglected one of the gates, it would be fatal.

Shangguan Bing Xue sighed. She looked with cold eyes toward the sky and saw Feng Tian Wu standing on a giant fire eagle. For some reason, she simply could not like Feng Tian Wu, but Shangguan Bing Xue did not understand why since the two of them had never actually exchanged more than a couple of words while in the ruins to organize attack and defense.

Maybe, it was because she was an ice mage and Feng Tian Wu was a fire mage...

After all, ice and fire could not be close to each other.

Little did Shangguan Bing Xue know what an interesting or perhaps not so interesting future lay ahead for her and Feng Tian Wu.

Shangguan Bing Xue shook her head. She realized that those strange soul evolvers she did not know were clearly not following military training at all, and despite being strong, the combat experience they had was miserable to say the least.

They didn't even listen to orders and seemed to be releasing their emotions as they slaughtered the goblins.

"Let's get moving. We need to support the rest of the base."

The south side was good, and according to Wu Yijun, most of the goblins were moving south to support the main army that was being crushed there, however, after hours of fighting there would surely be people who needed to be relieved to be allowed to rest.

* * *

Back in the sky, the battle between Bai Zemin and the Third Order goblins, as well as the zeppelins, was at its crucial point.

Although the number of enemies had been reduced, and in theory it should be easier, Bai Zemin's body was riddled with wounds that could no longer be considered low or medium level, he had wounds that could easily kill even the bravest of men with pain.

However, if Bai Zemin had anything to spare, it was resolve and tenacity; so much so that Lilith could not help but wonder if there was anyone that could compare to him in this kind of aspect.

A person came across her mind, but after a second, she shook her head.

Not even that person was comparable to him when it came to resolution and tenacity... despite the countless similarities.

Although if Bai Zemin had a past as sad as that person's, his resolve and tenacity might not be as strong as they currently were.