Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 739 - Introducing Lilith to his family (Part 3)

A few minutes later, Bai Zemin was back on the couch at home. The three little lolis were so busy playing the snake game while taking turns picking up the notebook that they didn't even notice Bai Zemin's absence at all.

He couldn't help but stare at the girls as he thought to himself that the snake game seemed to be more important than him after all.

Bai Zemin couldn't sit still so a few seconds later he stood up and shouted out loud, "Mom, I'll go see Xiao Xiao!"

"Okay!"

Ye Linger's voice rang out from the kitchen along with the sound of cooking utensils.

Bai Zemin shook his head and started walking towards the back of his home yard while thinking that his mother was overreacting too much.

"Probably none of us will eat anything when she shows up anyway." He muttered, realizing that everyone would probably be nervous or too excited in their own ways to worry about food.

"When she shows up?"

Meng Qi's voice made Bai Zemin stop. Looking up, he saw his sister coming down from the second floor with a floor towel and a mop in her hands.

Was she just coming down? Bai Zemin believed she had been chatting quietly with Lilith for at least five minutes.

"I couldn't find these two. Dad moved them out of place again and you know how this works." Meng Qi explained as she saw the confusion in her brother's eyes, to which Bai Zemin nodded with flashing eyes as he looked at her with sympathy.

Every time Bai Delan touched something in the house then it would be a great fortune if that object could be found. It had been like that since the past and Ye Linger would often lecture him about it until she finally strongly requested him not to touch anything except the TV remote control.

"Big brother, is the person coming tonight a girl?" Meng Qi asked curiously, stopping on the second step and resting her back on the wall as she looked at Bai Zemin with a normal expression on her pretty face.

"Em, it's a girl." Bai Zemin nodded calmly with a faint smile on his face.

He and Meng Qi rarely hid things from each other, and she had always been his confidant since they were little. Even when Bai Zemin made the house's electrical system explode during childhood after putting a couple of chopsticks in a socket Meng Qi never reported him even though they were both punished without being able to go out to play for a whole month.

"Hmmm..." Meng Qi looked at Bai Zemin thoughtfully as she made a small sound typical of someone who was trying to jump to conclusions at certain times. After a few seconds, she said in a playful voice and with a slight smile on her face, "Could it be that this girl is your girlfriend?"

Bai Zemin blinked as if surprised by his younger sister's brilliant deduction. He didn't seem to notice her playful voice and said in a stupefied voice, "How do you know? It's too obvious?"

Meng Qi's smile froze for a split of a second and her eyes widened slightly as she said in shock, " It's really your girlfriend?!"

"Shhhhh! Lower your voice a notch!" Bai Zemin looked back hurriedly as he asked Meng Qi to be quiet and not shout too loudly so that their mother wouldn't know yet.

Meng Qi quickly covered her mouth and nodded hurriedly in repeated nods while looking at Bai Zemin with wide eyes as if she couldn't believe it.

After a few seconds, Meng Qi uncovered her mouth and whispered in a low but full of astonishment voice: "Big brother, is this person big sister Bing Xue? It's her isn''t it? You two are too close. There are even several rumors starting to circulate among the top ranks of the base after the war against the goblins!"

"Bing Xue?... Meng Qi, she and I are purely friends. Friends close enough to be willing to sacrifice for each other." Bai Zemin forced a smile and shook his head.

"So... Is it big sister Yijun?"

"No, it's not Wu Yijun. My relationship with her is similar to my relationship with Bing Xue."

"Then... Is she the beautiful assassin named Evangeline who was protecting mom during these days?"

"What? Of course it's not her!"

"Then... Is it the person named Nangong Lingxin? She has a very hot body!"

"... It's not Nangong Lingxin."

"..."

Over the next few minutes, Meng Qi began to name several women and among those names were many that Bai Zemin had never heard of until now. After two or three minutes and realizing that his sister would go on like this for years, he quickly held out a hand to ask her to stop for a moment and let him speak.

When she stopped, Bai Zemin said wearily, "Meng Qi, you don't know this girl... Tonight will be the first time you will see her."

Meng Qi looked at him blankly before saying confusedly and hesitantly, "Is this girl someone from your base in the north part of the district...?"

Meng Qi never considered nor thought about Feng Tian Wu. She knew Bai Zemin's personality very well so even though he had forgiven the talented fire mage, the pain he once felt not only hurt his heart but also harmed his pride. Being as proud as he was, Meng Qi was sure that Bai Zemin would never enter into a romantic relationship with Feng Tian Wu even if she was the last woman alive on the face of the Earth.

"It's... It's something complicated to explain..." Bai Zemin didn't know where to start explaining. He didn't want to lie to Meng Qi, so after a moment of consideration, he simply said, "She is part of my faction but at the same time she is not..."

Meng Qi frowned slightly, clearly she was very confused. Seeing this, Bai Zemin added:

"Don't worry.... You will probably know the truth in an hour or so."

After several seconds of silence, Meng Qi nodded with some hesitation and uncertainty: "... Alright, big brother. I'll be the judge of whether this girl is worthy of you or not."

Bai Zemin forced a somewhat uncomfortable smile when he heard his beloved younger sister's words. When Meng Qi learns about Lilith's background, would she be able to say those words again? He really wanted to see how things would develop later.

"Meng Qi, child! You still haven't taken care of the mess your brother caused?"

Ye Linger's exasperated voice interrupted the brother-sister duo's brief conversation. The two looked at each other not knowing whether to laugh or cry, and after a moment of silence, Meng Qi said in a low voice:

"Big brother, I'd better go take care of your oversights before mom kills us both."

"Sorry about that." Bai Zemin chuckled and winked an eye. "I'll go see Xiao Xiao for a moment."

"Okay."

Bai Zemin continued walking, but he felt two eyes firmly fixed on his back. It wasn't until he disappeared further down the long corridor that he finally no longer felt that stare on him and without a word he walked out into the back garden.

"Say, Zemin... Don't you think-"

"Don't say it."

Bai Zemin interrupted abruptly. His voice was calm and soft as he approached the edge of the small pool and said slowly, "It's not like that."Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

"..."

Lilith said nothing more, just as he had asked her practically in a pleading voice.

"Pu puu!"

Xiao Xiao's eyes sparkled as the little dolphin noticed Bai Zemin standing near the border of the pool. She gently glided through the water making small sounds before lifting her little head to stare into his eyes intently.

"My dear Xiao Xiao, I'm sorry you have to stay in this tiny pool." Bai Zemin squatted down and carefully lifted the little animal. He didn't mind that his clothes were soaked with practically freezing water due to the cold night.

"Pu pu pu!"

"You say you're okay with this place?"

"Pu pu!"

"I see. Big brother will build you big ponds from now on."

"Pu Pu?"

"Mm. We are starting long travels in the near future."

"Pu pu pu pu?"

"That's because I need to control these lands in order to break into the Second Order."

"Pu?"

"Mm. It is because it is an evolutionary requirement. As you can see, big brother has been at level 50 for a long time."

"Pu...."

"It's okay... I'll be very powerful when I break to the next Order. We'll be able to help your master Xian Mei'er become the heir to the throne then."

"Pu puu, pu puuu pu!"

"Eh? You say Xian Mei'er is your friend and not your master?"

"Puuu!"

"I see, sorry for the confusion."

"Puu."

Lilith observed for more than ten minutes as a human and a dolphin exchanged "words". She was a bit speechless and on several occasions was tempted to ask Bai Zemin how it was possible for him to understand the dolphin's words; if that could be called words to begin with.

Although Xiao Xiao was a spirit dolphin, an extremely rare specie in the cosmos since she could use her soul to communicate with other existences, they were usually just simple messages and no big deal despite being able to break through distances. The only reason why Xian Mei'er could communicate with Xiao Xiao so perfectly was not only because they were both of the sea race but also because Xian Mei'er possessed some kind of special skill. ᴘᴀɴᴅᴀ-ɴᴏᴠᴇʟ

However, Lilith knew that Bai Zemin had nothing of the sort!

"My dearest Xiao Xiao, could you please communicate with princess Xian Mei'er?" said Bai Zemin suddenly. His eyes flashed with a glint of chilling coldness as he caressed the little creature's soft little head in his embrace.

The debt of using the mutant beast army and the zombie army to attack his settlement, Bai Zemin had to repay it to the prince of the eastern sea with interest included. Regardless of whether or not Xian Mei'er's brother knew that he was attacking Bai Zemin's base, Bai Zemin had to make him pay for putting the safety of everything he had worked hard to achieve and people who were somehow or other important to him in danger.

"Puu!" The pretty pink dolphin nodded without question to Bai Zemin and when she received his request the little creature immediately closed her little eyes with a serious expression on her little miniature dolphin face.

Bai Zemin did not interrupt Xiao Xiao but instead continued to tenderly caress her little head. He felt a powerful spiritual wave spreading outward and quickly disappearing without a trace, making it impossible to follow or try to understand and study.

About a minute or two later, Xiao Xiao opened her pretty pink eyes and looked at Bai Zemin with exhausted eyes. She seemed to be struggling not to fall asleep as she rubbed her head in his palm as if urging him to continue the petting.

"Thank you very much, Xiao Xiao..." Bai Zemin kissed the little dolphin's head and felt a tinge of regret at the sight of her miserable and tired appearance.

It was as if what she had just done had consumed all her energies.

"Puu..." Xiao Xiao stretched out the sweet sound that characterized her as she closed her eyes. In a matter of seconds, she walked into dreamland.

Bai Zemin leaned forward and carefully placed the sleeping dolphin's body into the pool. He stood watching as Xiao Xiao's body submerged approximately 50 centimeters underwater before stopping there, floating motionless as she slept comfortably.

"Xiao Xiao will probably wake up in a few hours, you'll have to wait until then to learn the reply from that mermaid princess." Lilith said even without showing herself.

"Mm, I'm aware of that." Bai Zemin nodded. He turned around and took a deep breath to calm himself because of what he was about to say, however, the anxiety was too obvious in his voice as he said word after word, "Lilith.... Are you ready?"

"... I admit I'm a little scared."

The words of the famous Bloody Succubus, one of the most powerful and feared existences in the cosmos, made the twenty year old chuckle to himself and helped some of his anxiety subside.

"What's so funny to you? This is the first time I've ever dated a person and also the first time I'm presenting myself to another family as an obedient little wife!"

"It's okay, Lilith... It's also the first time for me." Bai Zemin smiled tenderly and kindly as he said in a gentle voice, "The two of us will be each other's many first times.... Let's struggle and learn together, ok?"

"... Mm. Okay."

If other Higher Existences listened to Lilith, who was tremendously popular among men but extremely cold to all of them, acting shy and obedient.... Probably countless would commit suicide and among the many Lower Existences there would definitely be many who would rise up to try to kill Bai Zemin in a fit of rage.

Unfortunately for them, the succubus of the Demonic Army, Lilith, had already chosen her everlasting partner.

A few minutes after Bai Zemin returned to the living room, the doorbell rang and his whole family became anxious.

* * * * * * *