Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 740 - lntroducing Lilith to his family (Part 4)

When the doorbell rang, Bai Zemin's mother practically jumped out of her seat and muttered under her breath, "Right on time..... It hasn't even been two minutes since I finished getting all the things ready."

Bai Delan was trying to act calmer but anyone paying attention would notice that the man was also anxious. Sitting in his place, this man who had protected his family during the first few months of the apocalypse and risked his life on numerous occasions began to stir uneasily.

Meng Qi had no apparent reaction, she simply looked in the direction of the door with flashing eyes as if she was waiting to see who this person that had managed to break into the heart of her proud and distant big brother was.

"I'll go." Bai Zemin stood up before anyone could say anything about it and after a deep breath walked towards the entrance.

The only sound that could be heard was the sound of his footsteps and the sound of the hands of the clock hanging on the wall moving rhythmically, even the three little lolis had paused in their snake game as they watched from the couch curiously.

Bai Zemin disappeared from everyone's line of sight as he turned the corner of the corridor and moments later there was the sound of the door opening. No words were said, or at least no one in the house heard words of welcome or anything similar, after the door was opened by Bai Zemin, what Ye Linger and the rest heard were footsteps getting closer and closer: this time it was more than a pair.

A few seconds later, Ye Linger and the other people in the living room saw Bai Zemin enter their line of sight once again as he turned the corner. However, the eyes of everyone immediately focused on the person who just a second later turned the corner behind him and followed him a few steps behind like an obedient little girlfriend.

A face not so bright but for some reason attracted everyone's eyes like moths attracted to fire. The body of this woman who seemed no more than 25 years old was the very meaning of the words charm and seduction, devilish curves capable of making even the blood of the dead boil. Her walk was delicate and elegant, her bearing possessed a grace that no one in the room had ever seen in any woman before, making her look like someone who had been born into a prestigious family and received the best education on the planet.

Dressed in a simple cream blouse and a pair of white jeans that clung tightly to her hips and legs, her upper and lower body conveyed a strange feeling of charm, purity, lust, simplicity, and nobility. Feelings that shouldn't be together in one place came together perfectly in a single body!

"Woah! Big sister Lili!" Luo Ning pushed the laptop to the side and jumped off the couch she was sitting on. Her eyes sparkled as she looked at the person who had stopped in sync with Bai Zemin and said enthuastically, "You're big brother Bai's girlfriend? So what my big brother told me was true after all!"

Lilith, in her human form of Lili, smiled sweetly towards Luo Ning and the Wen twins, "You three, how have you been behaving? Have you been causing trouble for your big brother?"

"Nope!"

"Big Sister Lili, we're playing the snake game on this laptop that Big Sister Meng Qi gave us!"

"Big sister LIli, we've been good! You can ask big brother Bai if you don't believe us!"

The three lolis were too enraptured so they immediately started squealing all over the place.

Lilith forced a smile into her heart but kept her expression on the surface. She looked at Bai Zemin's parents with a hint of panic before bowing hurriedly.

"Mother, father, sister Meng Qi.... My name is Lili. I- I've heard a lot about you, Zemin often mentioned you in the past."

Bai Zemin looked at Lilith from the side and couldn't help but feel a wave of warmth filling his heart when he noticed how nervous she was.

Lilith's identity, only Bai Zemin knew. She was a glorious and godly being, she possessed the power to destroy all of mankind with ease and had the identity of being one of the two most beautiful women in the entire history of the cosmos; countless beings would pay fortunes for a single word from her and there were probably not a few who would be willing to fight bloody battles to catch a glimpse of her for another second.

However, his parents were receiving an amount of respect that probably no one or only a handful of people had ever received from Lilith. This made Bai Zemin feel even more comfortable with her and he felt more at ease with himself; it seemed to be that he had not been wrong this time, it seemed to be that his eyes had finally opened and he could see the real world clearly.

"Good, good, good...." Ye Linger muttered under her breath as she nodded weakly several times. She looked at the little miss in front of her with sparkling eyes and for some reason Ye Linger couldn't understand why the more she looked at Lili the more pleasant she felt.

She had one of those strange maternal hunches that this little lady in front of her was definitely good wife material for her son. Even though she had only known Lili for a few seconds, Ye Linger was already at ease with her and had a feeling that she would feel much more at ease by the time this night was over!

"Girl, quickly stand up properly." Ye Linger hurriedly moved forward and helped her straighten her posture while placing one hand on her back and the other on her left shoulder, being secretly surprised that she could feel how soft her skin was even through the blouse Lili was wearing.

Lilith in her Lili form slowly straightened up under the support of Bai Zemin's mother. She knew that her natural charm would help make a good first impression but it would be her words and actions that would decide whether her beloved's parents would be pleased with her or not; this one of the reasons she was so anxious.

What kind of woman did not want to be accepted and appreciated by the family of the man she loved? Not to mention the fact that Lilith planned to spend all eternity together with Bai Zemin! Eternity was too long.... so she hoped she could get along with her new family.

"Old man, what's wrong you don't say anything? Did the mice eat your tongue?" Ye Linger looked at her gawking husband and reprimanded in an amused voice.

"Cough!" Bai Delan hurriedly looked away before returning his eyes to the young woman in front of him. Standing up, he nodded with a serious expression, "Your name is Lili? That's an interesting name. I am the father of this child Zemin, you can also call me father if you like."

Bai Zemin and Ye Linger rolled their eyes when they heard Bai Delan's words. In fact, even Lilith almost laughed when she saw Bai Zemin's father trying to act tough; she had seen Bai Delan as she followed Bai Zemin unnoticed so she knew that this man acted tough but was actually very kind and gentle to his loved ones.

"Old man, who are you trying to fool with that tough expression of yours?" Ye Linger snorted and as she escorted Lili to the table to take a seat she said in an amused voice, "Do you think little Lili and I haven't noticed how you gawk at her? It seems our new daughter's charm is too outstanding don't you think?"

"Mm, not bad." Bai Delan nodded as he sat back in his chair. He picked up a muffin and took a bite as he was secretly surprised.

Bai Delan was a man who was completely devoted to his wife, so despite his current position that made him a man who could easily have several women with a single word, he never looked at a second one; even a woman full of seductive mature charm like Sun Ling didn't linger in his mind for more than a few seconds. After all, despite his youthful appearance due to constant evolution, Bai Delan was an almost 50-year-old person who had been raised to have a simple and normal family.

However, when he looked at the young woman his son brought home, Bai Delan had to try very hard not to stare at her. He couldn't help but wonder what the hell was wrong with him? Was he a perverted old man targeting younger rabbits? Such a thing made no sense at all, Bai Delan shook his head refusing to believe it.

Meng Qi remained silent. Her eyes followed the figure of the woman her brother brought home and after she sat down with the help of her mother, Meng Qi asked with a faint smile on her face, "Your name is Lili, isn't it? It seems that my big brother has told you about us beforehand."

Lilith looked at Meng Qi and a strange glint flashed in her eyes as she replied with a polite smile, "Zemin told me a lot about you. All the way from the university until he finally managed to find you there wasn't a day that he didn't talk to me about you. That's why even though you didn't know me until now, I have known you for a long time now, except that this is the first time we met."

Lilith's words made Ye Linger and Bai Delan sigh in their hearts. Although the family had managed to reunite mostly thanks to the colossal efforts that Bai Zemin made, that dark past that only lasted a few months during which they were separated would probably be remembered forever by them. It also made Ye Linger and Bai Delan even more proud and grateful to the son that life gave them.

At the same time, Lilith's words served to point out that she had been by his side during all this chaos and supported him in her own way when he was experiencing difficulties. This naturally earned a lot of extra points with Bai Zemin's family.

"Ehhh... So you and my brother know each other from college? Were you a graduate student there by any chance?" Meng Qi asked without changing expression and keeping the same smile as before.

"Nop, I was not a student at Beijing University. Actually, we can say I was a kind of big sister and teacher to him." Lilith shook her head.

"Uh? You were my brother's teacher?" Meng Qi asked in astonishment but she quickly calmed down.

In the past, student-teacher relationships would definitely not be looked down upon by society. However, things had changed. Now, forget about looking down on the relationship between a student and his teacher but even if the relationship was even more scandalous than that no one would say anything as long as one of the partners was strong enough to shut all mouths.

"Something like that." Lilith nodded and then continued chatting with Meng Qi, answering a few questions from Ye Linger and Bai Delan in the process.

Bai Zemin sighed in relief as the seconds turned into minutes. He had naturally taken a back seat in this matter and his family was completely focused on the new guest.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Actually, he and Lilith had planned to let her introduce herself in her true identity, however, after a better look at the big picture, the two decided they'd better avoid that for now since the three little lolis were present and Lilith couldn't suppress her charm so much in her real form. They feared that perhaps her parents would be too affected by her natural charm and it would affect their rational decisions.

For now, what Bai Zemin and Lilith had decided to do was to cleverly avoid as many lies as possible.

As the minutes passed, Lilith naturally became the focus of everyone's attention. No one realized when but at some point in the evening she had already practically integrated herself as a member of the family and was smiling sweetly while enjoying the food Ye Linger had prepared.

Even Meng Qi, who at first seemed to be trying to find some fault in her or look for some loophole in her story, gave up after the first hour. Although she didn't intervene too much again, she would occasionally say a word or two with a smile on her face but mostly she carefully watched the woman who had today become her brother's official fiancée after receiving the family's approval.

At one point in the night, when Bai Zemin stood up and walked to the kitchen after noticing that one of the dishes was being emptied, Meng Qi quietly stood up and followed him.