Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 741 - Spending the night * (Part 1)

As Bai Zemin filled the plate he had brought to the kitchen as it was being finished by everyone unnoticed in the midst of the entertaining conversation, he looked over his shoulder as he sensed a series of light footsteps.

"Oh, Meng Qi. What's happening?" he asked with a faint smile before turning his face to continue with the task at hand.

"Not much." Meng Qi walked over and without asking him if he needed help began to help cut the snacks. "Lili seems to be a good girl at first glance."

"She's a good girl, a very good person. I'm sure you will like her very much the more you get to know her and you will be good friends in the future." Bai Zemin said with a smile.

"Mmm..." Meng Qi simply nodded without saying much about it. However, after a few brief seconds of silence, she said somewhat worriedly, "But, big brother.... I feel like she is hiding something."

The movements of Bai Zemin stopped and a flash of surprise shone in his eyes. He didn't think Meng Qi was being paranoid or anything similar, instead, Bai Zemin thought his younger sister had very sharp eyes or a terrifying sixth sense for things.

Bai Zemin smiled bitterly and said in a low voice, "Meng Qi, actually, the real name, or rather, the full name of her is Lilith, not Lili..."

"Eh? Lilith?" Meng Qi's eyes widened and she subconsciously asked, "Is Lili a simple abbreviation that you all use for Lilith?"

"... Something like that." Bai Zemin nodded at the same time as he sighed. He really didn't want to lie to Meng Qi, therefore, after thinking about it for a moment, he said in a low voice, "Meng Qi, Lilith's true identity is too.... shocking, let's say. Wait for a while and you will naturally learn about her."

The identity of the girl her brother brought home is shocking? Meng Qi blinked dumbfounded.

If Lilith's identity was something great in the past then Meng Qi might not care too much, after all, the great identities of the past meant nothing in the current world or at least no longer carried the same weight they used to; Wu Keqian was proof of that, even though he possessed a great government title, the man obediently handed over everything when Bai Zemin arrived even though he was nothing more than an ordinary young student in the past.

However, Bai Zemin was saying that Lilith's identity IS shocking, not that it WAS shocking!

Was Lilith a shockingly powerful person? Was she something like a beast princess that had acquired human form after evolving to a very high stage and for that reason she had such a perfect body like that? Thousands of theories each one wilder than the last began to flash in Meng Qi's head as she tried to figure out who this woman was.

Bai Zemin naturally had no idea of Meng Qi's thoughts or he might have laughed a little, however, he didn't explain much more either so after a few words the two remained in tactful silence as they finished what they were doing.

When the two returned to the living room from the kitchen, Ye Linger reprimanded them in a kind voice saying that they could have let her do the homework.

After more than two hours, they had all eaten so much that if it weren't for the fact that they were high-level soul evolvers with big appetites, they wouldn't have had any room left for dinner.

Ye Linger had gone to great lengths to cook all kinds of dishes, from white meats such as mutant chicken and First Order red scale fish to red meats such as mutant pork or fresh mutant vegetables.

Meng Qi and Lilith exchanged several glances throughout the dinner and seemed to be communicating only with their eyes. The not-so-subtle action of the two young girls not only confused Ye Linger and Bai Delan but also left Bai Zemin a bit speechless.

When it was close to midnight, Lilith stood up and was preparing to take her leave when Ye Linger stepped forward and stopped her.

"Lili, why don't you stay for the night?"

Actually, Ye Linger wanted to propose to her new daughter-in-law to stay and live with them directly, but she felt that it was too soon and might end up scaring the girl so she made a somewhat smaller request for now.

"This..."

Lilith looked at Bai Zemin as if she was asking for permission and this caused Ye Linger to give him a stern glare as if she was warning him to be careful with his next words unless he wished to meet her new pair of flip-flops that she had recently acquired.

While Bai Zemin cursed Lilith several times in his heart, the culprit laughed and rubbed her hands together mentally like a little imp who was succeeding in her wicked deeds.

Lilith would stay in the house even if Ye Linger didn't ask for it so her somewhat hesitant and fearful attitude was clearly faked to cause some difficulties for Bai Zemin!

However, it seemed to be that Lilith still didn't know the new facet of Bai Zemin very well after his Stone Heart skill evolved.

"Oh, that's a good idea, mom." Bai Zemin walked over to Lilith and hugged her around the waist, marveling at the softness of her body even through the clothes she was wearing and for a moment wanting to rip all the fabric into a million pieces before restraining himself.

He looked at the stupefied Lilith and said with a smile, "We're both used to sleeping under the same roof anyway, aren't we?"

ᴀʟʟɴᴏᴠᴇʟFuʟʟ.cᴏm

There were different reactions to Bai Zemin's little gesture and his words.

"Kya!"

"Big brother Bai, so bold!"

"So disgusting hehehehe!" (Try to guess who it was >.>)

Luo Ning and the Wen twins started making a fuss right away. These three little elves seemed to have infinite Stamina in their systems as they never got tired even though they kept laughing and jumping all over the place.

Bai Delan looked at his son's hand on the young woman's waist and for a split second he couldn't help but feel a strange force of envy invade him but he quickly shook his head and the feeling disappeared so quickly that even Bai Delan himself began to doubt if it had really been there.

The expression on Meng Qi's face did not change at all, and the faint smile on her face did not waver even for an instant so it was hard to tell what her thoughts or feelings were. In fact, she even chuckled as she watched the scene.

On the other hand, the eyes of Ye Linger sparkled brightly as her intense glance went back and forth between her son and daughter-in-law. She was very pleased with Lili, and even though she was just getting to know the girl, Ye Linger was determined to make her the first wife of the royal harem she had planned for her son in the future.

As Ye Linger watched how close the two of them seemed to be and the lovely blush on Lili's face, she couldn't help but think that she might soon be enjoying her first grandchild and a big smile grew on her face at the mere thought of it. It seemed that her little boy had finally become a man after all.... Time really flew by, Ye Linger still remembered when she was changing his baby diapers but soon he might be changing diapers.

If Bai Zemin and Lilith knew about Ye Linger's thoughts, the two of them probably wouldn't know whether to laugh or cry.

In the end, after some quick arrangements and even though the house was considerably large enough for almost everyone to have their own room, things were fixed by Ye Linger so that everything went the way she wanted things to go.

In one of the rooms, Meng Qi would be sharing her bed with little Luo Ning.

In another room of the house, Wen Yun and Wen Yan would be sharing a bed. The twins still did not feel comfortable sharing a room with another person even if it was someone of the same age as them so they could only be together.

The master bedroom was naturally occupied by Ye Linger and Bai Delan.

As for Bai Zemin and Lilith....

"You little scoundrel, you're happy about this aren't you?" Lilith asked with an adorable pout on her face.

"Mm? Stop acting as if it's the first time we slept together." Bai Zemin rolled his eyes as he teased her.Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

"Bah, cheeky." Lilith gently patted his chest and just like Bai Zemin rolled her eyes.

They were both lying on a double bed, the lights were off so the only source of illumination they both enjoyed was from the moonlight and starlight penetrating the glass of the closed window and the semi-transparent curtains on the second floor.

Next to the bed were several pillows placed on the floor and even quilts and sheets, forming a temporary bed. There, inside, a metallic-gray egg glowed dimly in silence while something in it seemed to be beating like a heart.

The bodies of Bai Zemin and Lilith were delicately covered by silk sheets and a thick feather quilt that reached up to the chest area, exposing the wide shoulders of the male and the delicate shoulders of the female.

Bai Zemin couldn't help but gently caress Lilith's shoulder at the sight of the moon's radiance raining down on her skin and an involuntary sigh escaped his mouth as he honestly praised, "Your skin feels as soft as if you just rubbed large amounts of cream on it.... I don't think I'd tire of it even in a million years."

"A million years? You offend me." Lilith chuckled softly and her body under the sheets jiggled tantalizingly even though she didn't do it willingly.

"... You know what I'm talking about. Let's go to sleep for now, ok?" Bai Zemin withdrew his hand and casually placed it on his crotch as if he had finally found the right position to step into dreamland.

However, Lilith was not someone easy to fool. She knew exactly what was going on as she had known many men react to her body and get embarrassed even though she had never been as close to any as she currently was to the little man she was lying with at the moment.

"Instead of hiding this, why don't we put it to good use?"

Bai Zemin didn't even have time to say anything let alone react when the hand of Lilith shot out from within the sheets and with agility that he couldn't follow let alone comprehend she caught the hand resting on his crotch quite naturally.

Before he could tell her to stop, Lilith had already lifted his hand from there and what he had tried to hide in shame naturally revealed itself to the world.

The heavy, thick quilt stuffed with goose feathers was easily lifted by a strange object that was draped underneath but pointed steadily skyward. That object occasionally seemed to shudder or pulsate, causing the quilt to move in sync before returning to its position.

"Lilith, you... Little witch." Bai Zemin blushed slightly when his boner was discovered but he didn't try to hide and instead blamed it on the woman next to him.

Lilith looked at the object hidden under the sheets and without thinking or realizing it her little pink tongue came out of her mouth, licking slowly and tantalizingly on her lips.

"What can I do... I'm too hot after all." She said, getting on her knees.

The movement naturally caused the sheets covering her body to slide down, revealing that underneath she was wearing a seductive jet black baby doll. The bewitching bed dress was made of a special fabric that tantalizingly revealed the milk-white skin barely hidden underneath, leaving the bust area especially exposed and the now hard nipples barely covered from the eyes by the perfectly shaped rose embroidery embroidered to heighten the men's imaginations.

".... Lilith? What are you doing?" Bai Zemin's voice sounded husky and his eyes grew hot practically instantly, roaming over the figure of the kneeling woman just inches from his grasp.

Even though Bai Zemin had seen her put on that baby doll before they both went to bed and he even reprimanded her for teasing him, the stiffness still covered by the quilt grew even more as the blood in his body began to pump faster and with more vigor.

"I...." Lilith watched the growth of his male root intently and the heat in her eyes also began to rise. At the same time, her beautiful boobs began to rise and fall heavily in sync with her increasingly erratic breathing.

She couldn't help but rub her thighs together as she said in a whispery voice:

"Maybe... I should take responsibility for it...?"

* * * * * * *