Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 742 - Spending the night * (Part 2)𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Take responsibility for it? Bai Zemin couldn't believe those words came out of Lilith's mouth.

Not because he thought she was being a cheap woman or because she was out of character, of course. The reason he couldn't believe she was saying and bringing up the idea of taking responsibility for his boner was completely different but at the same time normal.

"L- Lilith..." Bai Zemin bit his tongue from how nervous he was which was why he had to pause. Unfortunately, there was no way he could calm down in this kind of situation.

What kind of man could act calm in front of a woman like Lilith was? Not even those who had appreciation for those of the same sex would be able to stand their ground, Bai Zemin was sure of it; even less so when it was a virgin man as was his case!

Least of all when what he was about to say might lead to his greatest wish in this moment to not be fulfilled!

His black eyes practically spat burning flames as they roved over the ravishingly soft white silhouette dimly illuminated by the moonlight. She was so close that Bai Zemin only needed to reach out a hand to feel her velvet thighs, and if he dared, he could even go beyond the short baby doll that stopped just inches from revealing all of her.

"Are you worried about my charm affecting your mind?" Lilith asked in a low voice.

Actually, even she was surprised at how excited she had become after seeing that Bai Zemin was getting such a potent hard-on. Could it be the fact that the person reacting to her beautiful and sexy body was the man she loved? Lilith didn't know; she just knew she needed to do something with herself or else she might jump on him and eat him right there.

Bai Zemin hurriedly shook his head and out of fear of being misunderstood immediately explained, "No no, it's not like that.... I do know charm is an untrackable passive stat just like critical hit percentage is, it's not something we can really control. It's already impressive that you can suppress yourself all this time. But, if you and I have relations with our current power difference..."

"I know. I know what you mean." Lilith nodded as if she understood, but her ruby eyes still fixed on Bai Zemin's manhood were somehow like the eyes of a beast staring at its prey and anxiously waiting for the right moment to swallow it whole.

Lilith extended her left arm next to her right hand and her index finger slowly came out of her clenched fist. Her movements were very careful as for the first time her ruby colored eyes moved to look at the face of the man lying next to her.

However, Bai Zemin was too busy following the movement of her arm so he couldn't care less whether she was looking at him or not. His black eyes slowly widened as he focused on her fingertip and a glint of incredulity flashed in his pupils as she used the tip to touch the tip of his stiffness.

Bai Zemin gritted his teeth and a small growl was trapped inside his throat, echoing raspily within the room.

It wasn't that he couldn't stand a simple touch, the reason behind his reaction was different.... It was because even though it was just a little push through the sheets and not even a direct touch, the person who was doing it was the woman he loved and had been lusting after for a long time!

It was like when you wish with all your heart to taste a delicious dessert but you can only taste it after several years, you would surely close your eyes and sigh with great pleasure!

Bai Zemin had resisted the temptation of many women, and even though he could have enjoyed many beautiful women in this span of time, he never did it; even in the midst of all the tension he lived in, he did not give in! This only served to add fuel to the flames.

"Don't worry...as long as it's only small actions.... We should be fine."

Bai Zemin turned to look at Lilith. She was still looking at him, her little mouth opening and closing tantalizingly with each breath causing her prominent breasts to jump up and down like two bunnies trying to get attention and in search of some affection.

And indeed... They would soon receive the affection they so desperately craved.

She said it was okay... didn't she?

Like a tiger finally released from its bonds, Bai Zemin sat on the bed and without warning grabbed Lilith by the shoulders. She didn't struggle at all when he pushed her down and in just an instant the two of them were looking into each other's eyes with engulfing warmth.

"Then... It's okay as long as we don't go too far over the line?... Right?"

Bai Zemin's hoarse voice was proof of how dry his throat was, and Lilith knew he was thirsty but not precisely thirsty for water but for her!

"Surprise me, champion..." Lilith narrowed her eyes and a playful glint shone in her pupils. She blew gently on his face and whispered in a particularly appealing voice, "I'll return the favor depending on how much of a man you prove to be..."

A slightly wild smile grew at the corner of Bai Zemin's lips.

Riiip!

"Let me show you how much of a man I am!"

Bai Zemin's voice echoed through the four walls along with the sound of cloth being torn and the gasp of a woman followed immediately behind.

"Brat, that was one of my favorites!"

"Be obedient and be still." Bai Zemin whispered in her ear, making Lilith's bones feel weak at his soft but strangely commanding voice.

Bai Zemin looked intently into her eyes as he used a piece of cloth from the torn baby doll to tie Lilith's hands. He brought her hands up, just above her head, and using the long end of the spare piece of cloth tied a knot in the back of the bed.

"You little minx... You've teased me long enough, don't you think?" Bai Zemin straightened his posture and stayed on his knees. His eyes flashed with passion but somehow he managed to hold back the desire to pounce and devour the woman on the bed. "If I don't make you call me daddy tonight then I'd rather stop being a man!"

Lilith was lying on her back, her arms had been raised and her hands brought to the top of her head with her wrists bound with a piece of cloth that could easily rip and tear free, but she did nothing of the sort. Her black hair was a tantalizing mess and her ruby eyes burned with desire as she stared into the black eyes of the man towering over her like a dominant beast.

"First you wanted me to call you big brother, but now you want me to call you daddy? Your pervert level is rising, little brother Zemin~" She said mockingly and clearly trying to mess with him.

"Hehe..." Bai Zemin chuckled softly and a dangerous glint flashed in his eyes as he whispered in a raspy voice, "Let's see if you can continue playing like this later. You dare to make a bet with me?"

"Who fears whom?" Lilith raised her chin boldly and challenged him.

"Well... The game is simple." Bai Zemin watched her face and his eyes slowly lowered gradually.

Phoenix eyes, small nose, little mouth teamed with a beautiful pair of kissable lips, slender and graceful neck.... When Bai Zemin's eyes reached the chest area, he stopped there for a moment. The baby doll had been torn by him so the center was open, revealing the interior of the deep valley but leaving the mountains covered for his imagination to play with.

As his increasingly hot eyes continued to drift down to her flat, fat-free abdomen, he said in a choppy voice, "If within the next 60 minutes I can't get you to climax, then it will be your turn to play with me.... However, during those 60 minutes you are not allowed to use any force or free yourself from your bonds. If you win, then for one day I will do anything, whatever you ask of me no matter what it is. If you lose, then you will do whatever I say for 24 hours. If we both fail, then we will repeat it again for another 60 minutes each. How about it, do you dare?"

Just before he finished his words, Bai Zemin gently reached his hands forward and with only two fingers of each hand grasped the tip of the two ends of the torn baby doll. His eyes locked onto hers as he slowly began to move the torn fabric sideways, revealing more and more of her beautiful creamy skin with the moonlight and starlight as the only witnesses to the wonderful sight his eyes appreciated.

Lilith felt the soft touch of the fabric caressing her skin and for a split second a flash of worry was born in her heart before it quickly died. When she noticed the beastly fire burning in her partner's eyes, Lilith couldn't help but smile internally and immediately knew victory would be hers.

"Done, let's play." She smiled disdainfully and whispered in a slightly arrogant voice, "However, I also have my own rules."

Bai Zemin's eyes glinted strangely but Lilith didn't notice. He nodded without replying verbally as he seemed too enchanted with the wonderful body in front of him waiting to be devoured.

The confidence Lilith felt grew as she saw him drooling over her and said new security: "We can't touch our lower private parts with anything but hands and fingers. The current you just can withstand so much thanks to several of your skills, but you will definitely have to wait until the Second Order before we can go a step further and until the Third Order before we can take the final step in our relationship."

"That`s all?" said Bai Zemin in a low and almost inaudible voice even as the house was in total silence and the outside world seemed to have fallen under a mysterious mute spell.

Lilith puckered her lips and whispered tantalizingly, "Come to me."

She expected that when her words fell Bai Zemin would immediately attack her, this was especially true because he had just finished opening her torn baby doll completely and her body was fully revealed before his eyes. However, to Lilith's surprise, nothing could be further from the truth.

Under the faint moonlight and starlight that penetrated from the window, Lilith's white skin glistened and showed itself unhindered for Bai Zemin to feast his eyes on. Her body could only be described as perfect as there were no words worthy to truly describe it, and even though Bai Zemin thought he knew what he was about to encounter, he couldn't help but be stunned for a brief moment.

He took his time to appreciate her. His eyes stopped first on her long legs that shined like two ivories and whose softness he could feel even though he had not yet touched them. His hot gaze slowly ascended to her fleshy thighs that begged to be worshipped before slowly moving to the junction of both legs.

Even though Lilith had both legs closed, Bai Zemin did not open them; he would take his time with this, he was definitely going to win this game.

His eyes moved to her small navel, and continued their ascent making Lilith feel as if several small ants were stinging her even though he had not touched her yet. That trepidation she had felt before grew in her heart again except that this time it didn't disappear easily as it did before.

"What's wrong? You think you can give me pleasure just by looking at me with lust? Your time is still running out. Don't you think it would be nice to look at me later?" Lilith kept her composure and said mockingly, "How about you better give up? This big sister will let you see her body later if she's in a good humor~"

However, Bai Zemin did not immediately retort to her words. When his burning eyes landed on the area he had most wanted to see of her all this time, the lust that flooded every cell of his body and that Bai Zemin believed could not continue to grow shot skyward in the blink of an eye.

Lilith's breasts were just.... Wonderful.

She was very well equipped in the breast area, each of those two giant marshmallows seemed to have their own anti-gravity skill as even though Lilith was upside down her pink nipples pointed towards the ceiling of the room without sagging at all. Those two pink tips were the tops of both snow-capped mountains, white mountains and completely free of any stain or impurity.

As Bai Zemin stared at her mirror-like bosoms reflecting the silver-white light of the night world coming through the window, he had no problem admitting that Lilith's boobs were by far the most beautiful thing he had ever seen in his entire life. Not even the gods would be able to recreate such beauty and not even the most famous painters in history could portray such perfect charm if they had the chance to see them.

Of course, a possessive man like Bai Zemin was would never let another man see the body of the woman in his bed.... Less so now that he knew how beautiful this work of art was.

Bai Zemin felt a horrendous amount of pain in his crotch but he didn't need to look down to know what was happening. His level of arousal had reached such a high point that his manhood had grown to a peak he didn't know it could reach.

Suddenly, the blood inside his body began to rush out of control and Bai Zemin moved to pounce on her like a rabid lion. However, he bit his tongue so hard that he almost tore off a piece and small drops of blood greeted his taste buds, waking him up.

He quickly used Blood Manipulation, and though barely, he began to regain the composure he had almost completely lost.

His eyes moved higher, meeting Lilith's surprised eyes.

"Hehe... What's the matter, are you afraid?"

"... I just let out some of the charm I'm keeping locked in, what's wrong with that?" Lilith snorted and didn't try to hide what she did. Bai Zemin had already noticed it so there was no point in hiding it.

Bai Zemin smiled devilishly and his eyes glinted as he said in a hoarse voice, "My little Lilith.... You seem to have forgotten that my two fortes lie under the names willpower and perseverance."

"Hmph! Words will get you nowhere."

Even though she said those words, Lilith couldn't help but doubt in her heart.

Bai Zemin was still something of a mystery to her even though ironically she knew him so well. Lilith had no idea what kind of man he was in bed, but she was slowly becoming aware of his preferences and innermost lust.

She... Had she really made a mistake?

"Tonight I will definitely make you call me daddy and beg me obediently no matter what!"

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3