Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 743 - Victory and Defeat ** (Part 1)

The first thing Bai Zemin did was something very few men would do. Instead of immediately rushing to the chest area, instead of touching those two beautiful soft, firm, and fluffy looking treasures, he leaned forward while resting the weight of his body on his two hands and buried his face in Lilith's neck.

Lilith felt his breath caress her skin tenderly, but the next thing Bai Zemin did sent a shiver throughout her body.

After delighting to intoxication with the exquisite rose scent of Lilith's body, Bai Zemin closed that small distance of an inch or two and very carefully and delicately planted a small kiss on the left side of her swan neck.

The body of Lilith twitched slightly, probably due to surprise. But Bai Zemin knew that a simple kiss would have no effect.... But he was really looking forward to see what would happen after several minutes.

One, two, three... Bai Zemin planted delicate small and long kisses on the neck of Lilith, they were not quick kisses but he took his time and let two or three seconds pass between each of his kisses, moving from the top left to the middle and then moving down to the clavicle area before moving to the right side and applying the same treatment.

After five minutes, Bai Zemin added one more small but not insignificant step.

His hands, which had been supporting the weight of his body moved, downward and in an instant disappeared from Lilith's line of sight. She realized that he was supporting his body with his leg and hip muscles, but she didn't have time to think too much as she soon realized what he wanted to do with his hands.

"Mm."

The movements of Bai Zemin stopped for a split second when he heard a small sound similar to the weak meowing of a little kitten. The sound was so low that it could easily have been missed by even the strongest soul evolvers, but given that the night was particularly silent and he was planting little kisses on the kitten's neck, that sound did not go unnoticed from him.

Lilith thought she had not been heard so she secretly gritted her teeth and said nothing. In reality, her mind was slowly starting to get a little fuzzy so there were little details that were slowly being overlooked.

She had already been quite aroused even before all this started, however, the little kisses from Bai Zemin were like adding fuel to the fire. But when he started to caress her legs using nothing but his fingertips as if he was afraid of touching them too hard and hurting her, Lilith felt a shiver running through the area between her legs so she couldn't help but let out a small sound.

At the same time as Bai Zemin started to gently and very delicately caress the top and outer sides of Lilith's thighs using only his fingertips as if they were feathers, he moved his body further down as he planted little kisses on every inch of her skin.

The sound of the sheets accompanied his movements along with the sound his lips made each time they met her skin. A minute later, Bai Zemin reached the top of her breasts and paused for a moment to appreciate such a wonderful work of art.

Lilith thought that Bai Zemin was finally going to pay attention to one of her sensitive areas and subconsciously lifted her upper body slightly to present her left breast to him. Bai Zemin's eyes burned with fierce fire looking at that pink tip tempting him and could easily be reached if he stuck out his tongue, however, he didn't linger; he bit his tongue again before moving his body and started planting more delicate kisses all over her left arm.

Lilith let out a small growl of frustration as she was surprised at how good but at the same time how frustrating it felt to be kissed on the arm. She knew very well that arms were not erogenous zones but Bai Zemin's little feather-like kisses were so soft and delicate that it felt like several hundred ants were walking on the parts he kissed.

After two minutes, he moved again and began kissing her other arm for the same amount of time as the left one. During all this time, his hands moved as gently as his little kisses, roaming her outer and upper thighs with extreme care.

"You... What are you doing?" Lilith growled in frustration as she felt Bai Zemin's little kisses circling the outline of her breasts but not touching them. He had been planting feather-like kisses on the circumference of her boobs and his hands that had been teasing her thighs now moved to her midsection, caressing it so softly and delicately that it bordered on torture.

Bai Zemin stopped as he heard her voice frustrated and tinged with annoyance. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath before saying in a lust-filled voice with a dry throat, "Can you smell it?"

Smell it? Lilith was surprised. However, when she sharpened her sense of smell, her face blushed and a flash of embarrassment shone in her eyes.

ɪғ ʏᴏᴜ ᴡᴀɴᴛ ᴛᴏ ʀᴇᴀᴅ ᴍᴏʀᴇ ᴄʜᴀᴘᴛᴇʀs, ᴘʟᴇᴀsᴇ ᴠɪsɪᴛ ᴀʟʟɴᴏᴠᴇʟFᴜʟʟ.ᴄᴏᴍ ᴛᴏ ᴇxᴘᴇʀɪᴇɴᴄᴇ ғᴀsᴛᴇʀ ᴜᴘᴅᴀᴛᴇ sᴘᴇᴇᴅ.

"Even though this is the first time I smell it, my male instincts know that this is the scent of a woman in heat."

Bai Zemin's husky voice was low and enticing, like the devil's voice in Lilith's ears, seducing her step by step.

"Your female pheromones float through the air, tempting my male pheromones to take care of you."

Lilith's eyes flashed with a hint of embarrassment again and she was about to say something when she stopped and hermetically closed her lips and eyes after seeing Bai Zemin submerging his face towards her breasts.

It was finally happening! Lilith was inwardly happy that the torture was over!

But she was being naive... Too naive. ɴᴇᴡ ɴᴏᴠᴇʟ ᴄʜᴀᴘᴛᴇʀs ᴀʀᴇ ᴘᴜʙʟɪsʜᴇᴅ ᴏɴ ꜰʀᴇᴇᴡᴇʙɴᴏᴠᴇʟ.ᴄᴏᴍ.

In the middle of the room dimly lit by the glow of the moon and starlight, the sound of silk sheets ruffling in tune with a woman's body moving uncomfortably, as well as the sound of soft, delicate kisses, were the only two sounds heard for a long five minutes.

After five minutes of having Bai Zemin gently kissing her right breast while the fingers of his right hand torturously slowly caressed her left breast, Lilith finally could not bear it as a frustrated growl accompanied by a moan of pleasure created a strange sound that echoed loudly in the room.

Bai Zemin raised his head slowly and his eyes black as night met two ruby colored eyes looking at him with naked lust and a hint of anger caused by frustration.

"Zemin, why are you doing this? Are you going to give me pleasure or are you going to torture me for the whole hour?!"

Lilith's voice echoed off the walls, and considering that even the weakest soul evolver in the house was around level 20, the odds that her frustrated words dragged out in a long moan of discomfort had been heard were not necessarily low.

However, the male and female were too lost in lust and desire to notice such things.

"Shhh... You will suffer a little at first... but believe me, when the time comes to release all that frustration, you will feel much more pleasure than usual."

"... And how do you know these things when you are just a virgin boy?"Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"I have the author's knowledge, don't forget that."

"Again with your novels and- Angh!"

The words Lilith was saying were interrupted by a sudden groan. She arched her back up and her head back as she felt Bai Zemin's hands now beginning to tease her inner thighs.

Even though she knew he would continue to torture her with tantalizingly slow movements that felt good but also tried her sanity, Lilith couldn't help but feel hope in her heart; hope that the cruel man towering over her body would finally show her some mercy.

The feeling of constantly going up and down was similar to a roller coaster for Lilith; a roller coaster of pleasure and discomfort!

After playing with Lilith's boobs and teasing her for about 7 or 8 minutes, Bai Zemin suddenly stopped and moved down.

Lilith was so confused at this point that she didn't even notice the shadow towering over her disappear, and it wasn't until she felt one of her legs leave the bed that she finally woke up from her dreamy state.

"What... What are you doing...?" Lilith asked softly and with gasps in between.

Bai Zemin carefully lifted her left leg and let the back rest on his right shoulder while using his left hand to gently caress the inside of her right thigh. As his black eyes met Lilith's blurry, dreamy eyes, Bai Zemin brought his lips to her beautiful feet and began to kiss it sweetly.

"Ah!" A cry of anxiety mixed with a tinge of pleasure filled the room as Bai Zemin's lips touched the side of Lilith's left foot.

"W- Wait that's- Ah!"

Bai Zemin turned a deaf ear to Lilith's words and she could only continue moaning for the first two minutes as soon the room was occupied by three sounds; the sound of kissing, the sound of the silk sheets rustling under the erratic movements of the female writhing in pleasure and discomfort, and the sweet moans and grunts of her.

The foot was one of the erogenous zones of the body usually forgotten, not for nothing many people were willing to pay for massages in that area. What Lilith felt at first was a mixture of pleasure with tickling due to the gentle and torturous treatment from Bai Zemin, however, once her body adapted to his kisses, all she began to feel was pleasure and the tickling disappeared without a trace.

Bai Zemin kissed Lilith's left foot for 5 minutes while using his opposite hand to caress the inside of her right thigh for the same amount of time. He did the same with her right foot and the same with her left thigh for 5 minutes more.

During those ten minutes, Lilith was slowly turning into the mess that Bai Zemin wanted to see.

Her hair was disheveled due to how many times she shook her head, her posture was sloppy with her legs spread wide open, her blurry eyes seemed to be starting to fill with tears of pleasure and powerlessness, a glimmer of drool could be seen at the corner of her half-open little mouth through of which sexy low growls were continuously slipping out.

However, there was another point at which Bai Zemin was watching.

The room was dimly lit by the moonlight and starlight coming in from the window. There was a special smell inside the tightly closed room where the ventilation did not run freely, this smell was so sweet and fragrant that Bai Zemin could not help but take several deep breaths as his black eyes flashed fiercely looking at the source.

Due to the strange feeling of pleasure and lust she felt, Lilith couldn't care less about her sloppy posture. With one of her legs raised and the other obediently spread outward so that Bai Zemin could have better access to her inner thigh, he could see the dark stain on the white sheet resulting from the dampness escaping from her femininity.

The eyes of Bai Zemin were like two torch lanterns, bright flashlights in the midst of the darkness. While he made sure to pleasure and torture his partner a little, he had to make use of every fiber of his willpower and perseverance as if he was fighting a powerful enemy and great amounts of pain were assaulting him; this was because if he didn't restrain himself, he would definitely pounce on her!

Those two beautiful soft and delicious looking full lips seemed to be tempting him again and again, opening and closing slowly and delicately every so often like a thirsty little mouth begging for some water.

* * * * * * *