Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 745 - Victory and Defeat ** (Part 3)

It was about five minutes after Lilith had the most wonderful orgasm of her life, the orgasm that gave her more pleasure than she ever felt. Yet, ironically, that same orgasm was the one that made her suffer the most and tortured her to the point that she could not even think with clarity about her own existence.

The dark room, dimly lit by natural moonlight and starlight, was silent except for the heavy panting of a man and the now more relaxed breathing of a woman.

Lying on her back on the queen-sized bed, Lilith covered her face with her right forearm at eye level while keeping her mouth closed. Next to her, Bai Zemin was panting like a dog while looking up at the ceiling with gritted teeth; his hard-on was harder than ever at this point, so much so that the head of his manly root was beginning to turn a monstrously terrifying purple!

"Say, Lilith..."

"..."

"You don't think you should.... you know."

"..."

Bai Zemin tried to call Lilith several times but she didn't reply back.

If not for the fact that he knew she was definitely awake due to the occasional movement of her still trembling body, Bai Zemin might have thought she had fainted after he made her reach climax because from that time on she didn't utter a word again.

Bai Zemin was suffering as if he had been thrown into the last level of hell at this moment.

The natural smell of a succubus' arousal was terrifying, something Bai Zemin did not know until today. Lilith's bodily fluids were not different from aphrodisiacs, and considering that she had been spreading her scent all over the enclosed room one could only try to imagine how great Bai Zemin's suffering was.

However, if the aforementioned were all then Bai Zemin might not be suffering so much. The real problem began when Lilith reached the peak of pleasure.

He could still remember how powerful her climax was. Lilith had literally turned into a fountain at that moment. Her feet had planted on the bed, her butt and back arched up and her head supported the top as she drenched Bai Zemin's body; fortunately for everyone, only his lower half "suffered" and not a single drop went into his body or else he would be in serious trouble right now.

The smell inside the room was the smell of sex, there was no doubt as that obscene smell could not be mistaken even by an inexperienced person. However, unlike the smell of normal sex, this one was much sweeter and more tempting; except that Bai Zemin didn't know it since he had never been close to such situations in the past.

It was only after five minutes of her cumming that the quivering in Lilith's body began to calm down; that's how powerful her orgasm had been. However, five minutes had passed and she had not said a word, barely moving in her position as she had fallen weakly after finishing.

This meant that Bai Zemin had been exposed to a powerful aphrodisiac for several minutes, and worst of all, he couldn't stop the effect with his Blood Manipulation skill!

"You.... I will get revenge for what you did to me."

Lilith's voice rang out in the middle of the almost completely silent room.

Bai Zemin's eyes shone as he heard her speak and was secretly relieved that despite the content of her words she didn't sound angry at all, in fact, there was softness and relief in her voice as if she had finally vented frustrations that had been staying with her for years.

Despite his condition, Bai Zemin was like a pig who was not afraid of hot water and coldly snorted as he proudly said, "You lost, I won. Not only did I manage to bring you to climax in less than the agreed time, but I also made you call me daddy."

"Come on, my little Lilith, why don't you call me daddy a few more times?"

"Hehe..." Lilith let out a giggle and slowly lowered the arm covering her face, looking at Bai Zemin for the first time in over ten minutes.

"Wh-" Bai Zemin subconsciously backed up a little as his black eyes met Lilith's eyes.

Lilith's ruby-colored eyes had always given Bai Zemin a feeling of kindness and maturity, they were full of charm and pride that made him feel warm every time he looked into them. However, Lilith's eyes at this moment were like the eyes of a true sex demon from human legends.

"Your eyes... What's wrong with your eyes?"

Lilith's red eyes seemed to be glowing... No, they didn't seem to be glowing but literally were glowing in the middle of the darkness! That red glow was so strong that Bai Zemin almost died of fright when he was taken by surprise but the most surprising thing of all was that even then his boner didn't weaken at all!

"What's wrong, Daddy Zemin~?" Lilith smiled devilishly and slowly moved her body until she was on her knees and hands. She stared at Bai Zemin as she slowly moved like a cat toward him and whispered in a tantalizingly sweet voice, "Are you scared? Come, let your baby take care of you~"

"You... What do you want to do?" Bai Zemin immediately raised his guard and sat up before backing up again until his back touched the back of the bed. He looked at the seductive demon cat that was tempting him with her every advance, moving her body as if she had no bones, and warned in a serious voice, "Lilith, you're using a skill to raise my lust, aren't you? That's cheating!"

Although Bai Zemin was incredibly excited, at this moment he couldn't help but fear for his personal property as he was being watched under those glowing red eyes!

"Fufufu... Skill?" Lilith stopped when her hands were only a couple of centimeters away from Bai Zemin. She looked into his eyes and smiled charmingly as she said in a whisper, "Daddy Zemin, your baby hasn't activated any skills, I promise.... I've been a good girl for you~"

What the fuck was going on here? Bai Zemin began to sweat as he noticed Lilith's glowing red eyes now focused on his rock-hard crotch.

"It is just... One of my passive skills that hadn't been activated until now as the opportunity hadn't presented itself finally got activated."

The voice of Lilith was very sweet and she really sounded like a good girl trying to please her husband. However, in the midst of that sweetness and obedience, Bai Zemin noticed lust as high as a skyscraper about to completely overflow!

"This skill of mine has a very simple name.... It's called Lust."

"L- Lust...:"

Bai Zemin almost bit his tongue as he held his breath. His eyes were fixed on Lilith's flawless little white hand, now reaching out towards his groin.

"Ufff...."

A sigh of relief that sounded more like a grunt than a sigh fled from his mouth as his head automatically jerked back and his eyes closed when his boner was enveloped by Lilith's soft, warm hand.

Even though she had only touched his manhood with her hand, Bai Zemin could not believe that the difference between his hand and a woman's hand could be so different. However, remembering the identity of the woman who slowly began to move her silky smooth hand up and down, Bai Zemin understood that this feeling was special.

"Lust, as I said before, has never been activated until now. This is because this skill is only activated when I have a partner in my bed, conducting some kind of sexual activity and after I reach the climax." Lilith whispered in a dreamy voice as with misty eyes she followed the simple but seductive movement of her right hand. She tilted her upper body so that her breasts were squashed into the bed and her face was only an inch from her man's hardness.

"Still, I must say this one is quite a bit bigger than I've seen so far.... Though that's also obvious considering the others weren't standing up hehe."

Bai Zemin had been enjoying the sweet movement of his girl's hands when suddenly his previously closed eyes opened abruptly. He looked down and for a moment forgot everything as he frowned and said softly, "Have you seen others?"

Lilith rolled her eyes before lifting her head and saying with a chuckle, "Of course, I did. I've seen many of these, I'd guess a few million."

When the words "many of these" left Lilith's mouth she tightened her grip on Bai Zemin's manhood a little tighter, causing him to growl under his breath as he glared at her with lion eyes.

"Why are you going mad? All the ones I've seen in the past belonged to my enemies hehe. Their armor shattered into pieces when I fought many of them so naturally, I saw them!"

Bai Zemin almost spat out seven liters of old blood and died right there when he finally realized that Lilith was taunting him.

"Anyway, as I was telling you," Lilith reached out her free hand and began to play with Bai Zemin's balls. Before continuing with her explanation, she brought her face close to the tip while keeping her glowing red eyes on Bai Zemin's.

Just as his eyes widened and he mentally prepared himself for what was coming, Lilith stopped just an inch away and took a deep breath.

"Mmm~ This smell is just sooo gooood..." Lilith whispered as she looked at the object only an inch from her nose with bent eyes.

"My skill, Lust, is activated after my sexual partner manages to give me an orgasm. This skill has two passive activations, the first is always present and makes all my bodily fluids tasty and adds aphrodisiac properties to them. As for the second activation..."

Lilith paused, and as she looked into Bai Zemin's eyes steadily, she put out her tongue very slowly.

"L- Lilith..." Bai Zemin began to pant heavier and heavier and his face turned red as his eyes focused completely on the pink tongue that even now continued to emerge from Lilith's mouth.

His eyes widened like plates when he saw how long the tongue of Lilith was and his heart almost stopped completely when she started to move that long snake tongue around his hardness; she didn't touch it, she just moved the tongue tantalizingly in circular motions around!

My God... If she used that long tongue to wrap his root Bai Zemin was sure it would be the most heavenly feeling!

"The second activation makes every part of my body and my partner's body become a sex delight~"

Lilith's voice sounded in Bai Zemin's head, only that he could no longer pay attention to such things. The lust that was already driving him crazy now had finally managed to completely overwhelm him as he watched the slow and sensual movements of Lilith's long tongue while drops of hot drool fell around his member.

As if he had lost his mind, Bai Zemin reached out both hands and grabbed Lilith's head before pushing down.... Or so he tried.

"Fufu~ Just hands and fingers, remember it, little scoundrel?"

Lilith's tongue movements stopped and accompanied by the slurping sound quickly returned to her mouth as it swayed like a living creature and spewed drool everywhere, further increasing the wetness on the messed up bed and raising the temperature in the room.

Lilith easily grabbed Bai Zemin's wrists and put both of them on the sides of his body, the difference in Strength between the two of them was too great for him to fight.

"Lilith, you!"

Bai Zemin glared at her with anger in his eyes, to which she replied with a devilish smile.

"What's wrong, daddy~? Didn't you torture me before? Do you understand your baby's suffering now~?"

Bai Zemin gritted his teeth and really felt like spanking her butt red right now!

"But... Don't worry." The red light in Lilith's eyes grew, and with tantalizingly narrowed eyes, she whispered softly, "I'll be a good girl and reward you for making me feel sooooo good~"

Under the wide-open eyes of Bai Zemin, she raised her body slightly and moved forward.

Those two gigantic breasts perfectly white and gleaming under the moon's glare approached to his crotch, and before Bai Zemin could even do or say anything, he felt his world enveloped by a sensation so soft that it threatened to send him to heaven in a single step.

She let out a giggle as she watched Bai Zemin's mouth opening and closing. Lilith pursed her lips and as she used her hands to apply pressure on her treasures, she said in a playful voice, "I think we can use these babies of mine too..."

Lilith moved her hands up and down in sync with her upper body, her boobs really were like two giant cotton balls wrapping gently but firmly around Bai Zemin's root and his mind went blank as he stared wide-eyed at those two beautiful works of art that practically glistened due to their softness gaining speed with each passing second and altering between slow and fast every few intervals.

The amount of pre-cum coming from the tip of his weapon was such that inside the silent room the sound of Lilith's breasts squeezing tightly around Bai Zemin's powerful hard-on sounded like a professional masseuse using creamy hands to rub a client's body.

After five minutes, Lilith changed the way she moved her beautiful bosoms. Instead of simply moving them up and down, she moved them in opposite directions so that when her left breast went up, her right breast went down.

This change of rhythm and movement caused every muscle in the body of Bai Zemin to tighten powerfully and subconsciously he closed his eyes to enjoy the delicious five minutes during which the room was filled with his grunts and the gasps of the woman between his legs servicing him, as well as the sound of her breasts now drenched with his pre cum.

ɪꜰ ʏᴏᴜ ᴡᴀɴᴛ ᴛᴏ ʀᴇᴀᴅ ᴍᴏ ʀᴇ ᴄʜᴀᴘᴛᴇʀs, ᴘʟᴇᴀsᴇ ᴠɪsɪᴛ ꜰʀᴇᴇᴡᴇʙɴᴏᴠᴇʟ.ᴄᴏᴍ ᴛᴏ ᴇxᴘᴇʀɪᴇɴᴄᴇ ꜰᴀsᴛᴇʀ ᴜᴘᴅᴀᴛᴇ sᴘᴇᴇᴅ.

"How am I doing?" Lilith asked panting as her bright red eyes focused on the eyes of her partner, trying to figure out the spots that gave him the most pleasure.

Bai Zemin looked at her with gritted teeth and the sparkle in his eyes revealed that it wouldn't be long before he shot his load. He had been holding back for over an hour after all!

Despite the lust and desire in the eyes of Lilith, despite the fact that he was on the ninth cloud, Bai Zemin was not completely swept away by the pleasure. He could notice some insecurity in her voice, which after some thought he found very reasonable considering this was definitely the first time she was doing something like this.

He reached out his right hand and stroked her hair gently as he assured her in a deep husky voice, "The pleasure you're giving me is one I never knew existed."

The eyes of Lilith sparkled with joy, but instead of showing it on the surface, she acted arrogant and powerful as she confidently said, "Little brother Zemin, if you can hold on for another five minutes, this big sister will call you daddy for life~"

Bai Zemin was about to open his mouth to say something when suddenly his mind went blank.

Under his disbelieving eyes, Lilith quickly increased the speed at which she was moving her tits while working on his weapon with alternating movements. She was moving her breasts with such speed that in a matter of seconds they became two beautiful white blurry flashes!Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

'This sneaky woman!' These were Bai Zemin's last thoughts before the terrifying but delicious pleasure managed to overwhelm even his soul.

Forget about holding on for another five minutes, Bai Zemin's white load flew out like an endless torrent after only 3!

The power behind his shot was such that Lilith cried out in surprise when she was hit on the chin, but her surprise soon turned to delight. She giggled like a little devil and instead of stopping she continued to move her boobs up and down in a blur.

"We can't let it waste hehehe..."

The little minx even giggled as she watched with narrowed eyes as the white liquid bathed her body. She even opened her mouth and thrust out her tongue to catch several strings of cum!

Bai Zemin had the biggest orgasm of his entire life too; probably no man on Earth had ever cum as much as he had that night.

* * * * * * *