Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 746 - Results and consequences of adifferent type of battle

Considering that Bai Zemin had failed to endure the sixty minutes they had both agreed upon earlier and Lilith had managed to make him climax before the time limit, it was not wrong to say that he had suffered a defeat. However, since he had also managed to bring Lilith to the peak of pleasure within the stipulated time, it was not wrong to say that he had won.

Victory and defeat, this applied to both Bai Zemin and Lilith.

...

Lying on the double-sized bed, a man and a woman were panting heavily while keeping their eyes closed.

From the window with semi-transparent curtains that had been set up mainly to prevent the view from the outside but barely obstructing from the inside, the rays of rising sunlight began to illuminate the inside of the room.

The color of the sky had turned from deep black to a beautiful multicolor where orange, red, yellow, and an initial trace of blue slowly spread out and took the place of the other three.

The interior of the room...was a mess, to say the least.

The smell that permeated the atmosphere within the four walls could simply be described as obscene; so much so that even a person inexperienced in carnal matters could easily and correctly identify what happened there.

However, even the most experienced person in the world would definitely not be able to correctly identify that all that strong nose-burning smell was not the product of an orgy but was the result of the fierce match between just one man and one woman!

"... It's dawning." ꜰʀᴇᴇᴡᴇʙɴᴏᴠᴇʟ.ᴄᴏᴍ

Bai Zemin slowly opened his eyes and looked to his left. A flash of disbelief and at the same time helplessness shone in his eyes as he muttered in an exhausted voice, ".... It's dawn."

Lying to his right, Lilith copied Bai Zemin's movements and as she noticed the increasingly bright rays of sunlight she couldn't help but sigh. She turned her head again so that her face was pointing directly towards the, ceiling and as she closed her eyes softly, she said in a sweet and pampered voice, "Zemin, you are a monster."Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

"... I don't want to hear that from you." Bai Zemin sighed and adjusted himself so that his position was the same as Lilith's.

After Lilith brought Bai Zemin to orgasm once, she didn't stop there simply because she had already achieved the main goal of the little sex game the two of them had set up for the purpose of driving away the embarrassment they might come to feel as first timers and encouraging each other to take the relationship they shared a step deeper.

With over forty minutes remaining, Lilith made sure to make the most of every second. She managed to make Bai Zemin cum 3 more times using different parts of her body before reaching the time limit and delighted in the sexy grunts he made for her, making her feel more confident and proud in the fact that she was doing a good job despite being physically inexperienced.

After those sixty minutes, Lilith's horniness had reached an extremely high level again so she didn't fight back when Bai Zemin pushed her down and began to play with her body for the second time in the night.

The two had gone to bed shortly after 12 o'clock at night, and considering that the clock currently read 6:10 in the morning, the two had been engaged in sexual activities for about six hours in total; each giving pleasure to the other for three hours!

During those three hours, Lilith had been brought to the peak of pleasure a total of 10 times by Bai Zemin while she had managed to give him maximum satisfaction more than 20! In fact, the two had stopped because the slowly rising sunlight had awakened them from the state of lust and bestial desire for each other that they had fallen into or else they would probably be doing it even now!

If Bai Zemin or Lilith were normal humans then there was no way such a thing was possible, however, since they were both soul evolvers things were different.

Lilith turned her head to look at him and a glint of satisfaction flashed in her now normal ruby eyes. She said with a smile full of pride, "Zemin, you're only level 50 but you managed to put me to battle in bed even though I cheated a bit by using Agility in my movements to please you. Even under the effect of powerful aphrodisiacs you didn't lose yourself in Lust and withstood my attacks for 3 whole hours.... You have no idea how monstrous a feat you accomplished tonight!"

Lilith was proud not because of her but she was proud of the partner she had chosen to spend her whole life with. Bai Zemin was already capable of satisfying her body like this despite the huge difference in levels between them, Lilith was sure that in the future he would be a real monster in bed capable of completely satiating all her succubus needs!

In fact, she was secretly frowning in her heart, wondering if she would really be able to keep up with him. Lilith knew that the natural stats of the little man lying next to her would skyrocket rapidly once he managed to break the stages between each Order, and if his current Stamina was already this brutal she couldn't help but shudder at the probably not so distant future.

However, Bai Zemin shook his head softly at her words and remarked wearily, "Although in fact, my body was affected by your skill Lust, doesn't the same apply to you? Besides, you used Agility while I had to replenish my Stamina several times using Regeneration. I even controlled my blood flow on several occasions to delay the inevitable."

Although Bai Zemin was aware of the difference in level and stats between the two, he couldn't help but feel a bit of bitterness in his heart. No matter how he looked at it, this encounter had been his defeat.

Lilith didn't know whether to laugh or cry as she looked at the bitter smile on her beloved's face. He really had no idea how impressive his feat was; even if it was on a different battlefield than the normal one they were both used to!

She sat up slightly on her left side and without warning pecked his lips before pulling back to see his expression. To her surprise, however, Bai Zemin's expression was rather indifferent.

"What's wrong? Why are you looking at me with those eyes as if you were looking at an alien?" Bai Zemin raised an eyebrow in surprise.

"... You... Don't you feel disgusted?"

"Disgusted?"

Bai Zemin's eyes widened slightly and he looked at her dumbfounded as he said with some concern in his voice, "Lilith, what are you talking about?"

Could it be that something bad happened without him noticing?

However, Lilith's next words made Bai Zemin almost fall to the floor when he heard them.

"Well... I know men don't like to give kisses on the lips to their partners after... after your.... you know what.... I swallowed your thing.... I don't know if you know what I mean."

Lilith's voice alone would be enough to make Bai Zemin laugh, she sounded shy and careful as she said such words even though they had fallen into a sexual frenzy throughout the night; a stark contrast to the bold, brave, and proactive Lilith that Bai Zemin faced in bed.

However, what made Bai Zemin finally burst into laughter was the reason why she was worried!

"Hahahahaha!"

Lilith watched as he rolled on the bed and covered his face quickly in an attempt to suppress his laughter, but seeing his shoulders shaking she knew he was laughing as hard as ever. She pouted adorably and despite her age felt like a little teenager experiencing her first love.

"What's so funny?" She tapped the back of his head gently and said in a questioning voice.

Bai Zemin laughed for a few more seconds before slowly beginning to calm down. He turned his body again and as he sat down Lilith noticed a big smile on his face, as well as affectionate eyes as he looked at her.

She blinked in surprise and confusion when he kissed her gently on the lips, pausing there for two or three seconds before slowly pulling back.

"Lilith, if you are willing to take something that belongs to me then how could I refuse a kiss from you?" Bai Zemin shook his head not knowing whether to laugh or cry and said in a joking tone, "Besides, my essence is quite sweet, isn't it?"

"... That's probably because of my skill..." Lilith muttered looking at him in surprise.

She had met many couples in her life, but only a pitifully small number of men did not refuse kisses from their partners after the woman performed certain actions with her mouth. Lilith always felt a certain disdain in her heart for selfish men who after receiving pleasure from their partners simply asked them to go wash their mouth, but as the years went by she simply took it for normal.

Now that she knew that her partner was not a selfish man, Lilith was naturally delighted and her heart felt as sweet as honey so she couldn't help but jump on Bai Zemin. She bathed his face in kisses but when she felt the hard object starting to awaken and poking her abdomen she stopped and quickly got off his body.

"Pervert."

"... Can you blame me?" Bai Zemin cleared his throat and said in a righteous voice, "You lunge at me with your naked body and your soft skin touching mine. The room is filled with essence with aphrodisiac properties. To top it off, our bodies are bathed with sexual fluids full of properties that drive the desire to mate.... As you can see, I am innocent."

Hearing his words, Lilith couldn't help but look around carefully for the first time in hours and a flash of disbelief shone in her pupils.

"For the love of god..."

"... Satan will be angry if he finds out what you just said."

Lilith ignored Bai Zemin's little joke and quickly pushed him off the bed.

"You... Go take a shower, now!"

"What? Let's take a bath together. Let's save pure water and avoid wasting such a precious natural treasure as water..." Bai Zemin proposed as she pushed him towards the private bathroom in the room.

"Bathe together? You think I don't know what you have in mind? Not to mention that I can wash myself using mana!" Lilith retorted as she used her index finger to point downward.

Bai Zemin looked at the little Zemin who was slowly starting to raise it's head and finally gave up when he realized that there was no escape for his perverted mind. Both his body and Lilith's were dirty with her or his juices mixed so they really needed to shower.

Finally, under Lilith's insistence, Bai Zemin locked himself in the bathroom and started showering.

On the other hand, she opened the window wide and with a wave of her hand that obscene smell that flooded the room began to be quickly swept away and replaced by fresh air.

Lilith looked at the bed, and noticing the wet mess the two had made to the point of turning it into a pool, her face blushed. She waved her hand and her space storage ring glowed for an instant, making a luxurious and comfortable looking bed appear floating in the air.

After replacing the bed, Lilith nodded and said quietly, "Although this little rascal's family will notice the change of-"

Her next words caught in her throat and her eyes widened in shock as she finally realized something ,that in the midst of lust, had been forgotten.

"My god..."

This wasn't a light novel where cultivators waved their hands and raised anti-sound barriers, Lilith didn't have any of those skills!

Considering how noisy they had been all night, there was no way the others wouldn't know what had happened behind the door of this room!

Lilith really wanted to dig down to the Earth's core and bury herself there for several millennia instead of going out to breakfast with everyone in a couple of minutes!

* * * * * * *