Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 747 - ”....l didn't know you had thatkind of preferences, l can call youdaddy if you like.“ (Part 1)

Bai Zemin's house, although large and considerably luxurious, did not have a bathroom pool but it did have a bathtub about 1.60 meters long and wide enough for two people to get in together without it feeling crowded.

Because the time was tight, he couldn't wait for the water to warm up and had no choice but to cheat a little.

"Little Fire, we have an important mission to complete." Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

His voice sounded serious, he sounded like someone about to face a powerful enemy.

The little blue flame did not immediately respond to its master's call as it usually did and just as Bai Zemin began to panic, he felt something stirring in a corner of his soul and quickly identified the little flame that a second later appeared before him, floating in front of his face and flickering rapidly.

Although Bai Zemin knew that such a thing was not possible, for some strange reason he could not help but feel that his trusty flame was mocking him and glaring at him even though it had no eyes.

After clearing his throat and shaking off such thoughts, Bai Zemin pointed to the tub and asked the flame to heat the water. He made sure the water did not evaporate and in a matter of seconds the temperature reached a good point so he quickly put his friend Little Fire away again.

Bai Zemin took a quick shower instead of staying to enjoy the warm water and after about 10 minutes he came out of the bath. He had to change the water three times because the water had repeatedly become completely soiled with the sexual fluids that had practically stuck to his skin.

When he came out of the bathroom in a simple robe, Bai Zemin saw Lilith sitting on the bed.

The first thing he noticed was that she was completely clean and had returned to her Lili form, however, what caught his attention the most and made him frown was that she had her face buried in her hands while muttering unrecognizable words in a voice that was too low for even him to hear despite his good sense of hearing.

He walked over and sat down beside her, but just as he was about to ask what was wrong with her the door to the room was knocked softly from outside.

"Big brother Bai, big sister Lili! Auntie said you two should go downstairs, breakfast will be served in a few minutes!"

The expression on Bai Zemin's face froze as the voice of little Luo Ning reached inside the room from the other side of the wooden door firmly closed from the inner part.

"My god..."

The same exact words that Lilith had uttered about ten minutes ago came out of Bai Zemin's mouth in a mumble as he finally realized what was going on and the mistake they had made all night.

Because she had not gotten a reply for several seconds and probably because she could not hear any sound, little Luo Ning on the other side of the door knocked a little louder on the wood and said in a curious voice:

"Big brother Bai, big sister Lili? Are you two sleeping?"

"How strange... Big brother Bai always wakes up very early and often he is not at home at this hour..."

Bai Zemin did not answer little Luo Ning's call. Instead, he sat on the edge of the bed next to Lilith and like her buried his face in his hands with his elbows resting on his knees.

"I'll go tell Auntie that she'd better come herself."

Bai Zemin stood up abruptly when he heard Luo Ning's murmur and quickly shouted perhaps a little too loudly, "Wait!"

"Uh? Big brother Bai, if you were awake why didn't you talk back to me until now?"

Bai Zemin could imagine an adorable pout in Luo Ning's expression, but he didn't have the heart to worry about something like that and his mind was elsewhere. He cleared his throat and said in a more quiet voice:

"Little Ning, you go down first. Your big sister Lili and I will be down soon."

"Okay!"

Bai Zemin heard the footsteps of Luo Ning hurrying away with little trots until she finally moved far enough away from the room that he could no longer hear her.

He didn't even have time to say any words when the temperature inside the room suddenly plummeted and before he knew it he felt a sharp object rubbing against his neck but not hurting his skin at all.

"Do you have any wishes you haven't fulfilled yet? Maybe last words you'd like to say or a message you'd like to give?"

Lilith's chilling voice sounded from behind him. ꜰʀᴇᴇᴡᴇʙɴᴏᴠᴇʟ.ᴄᴏᴍ

Bai Zemin raised both hands to shoulder height in surrender and slowly turned around to meet two beautiful but at the same time terrifyingly cold red eyes. Bai Zemin's eyes flashed as he realized that this was probably the first time he had seen Lilith with that kind of glare, but for some reason it was quite similar to the attitude Shangguan Bing Xue had towards him some time ago and still had towards others.

However, his current situation did not allow him to dwell on useless thoughts. After a few seconds of silence and while his eyes carefully looked at the plain-looking sword in Lilith's hands, Bai Zemin closed his eyes and said in a defeated voice similar to someone who had already accepted death as imminent fate:

"My only request to you is simple.... When you see my mother after you go downstairs, please tell her that her son has died as virgin and pure as she brought him into the world despite being tempted by a sex demon."

"Bastard!" Lilith's cold eyes disappeared and the sword with which she was pointing at Bai Zemin vanished without a trace. She let herself fall to her knees and began to sob like a little girl as she murmured in a whiny voice, "What shall we do now? Yesterday I met your parents but I already showed them such an ugly side of me! They'll surely think I'm a little pervert who cajoled you with her abilities in the bedroom!"

Bai Zemin noticed that her eyes were quickly beginning to flood with tears that might fall at any moment and he quickly moved forward, letting himself fall to his knees and hugging her tightly as he hurriedly apologized:

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry! I was just joking before."

Bai Zemin really wanted to bang his head against the wall as he hadn't expected Lilith to be so affected that she would be brought to the brink of tears. If he had known, there was no way he would joke about something like that!

Lilith raised her head from his chest and looked at him with pleading eyes as she said in a low voice, "Say, Zemin.... Can I not go down?"

"... Are you planning to stay locked in the room forever?"

"No... I... I might as well just disappear for a couple of months or two or three years from your parents' sight, they'll probably forget about it after a while."

To be honest, Bai Zemin was also as anxious as Lilith was. After all, this was the first time he was put in this kind of situation. However, when he heard the unreasonable request from Lilith he almost burst out laughing, but fortunately he stopped himself in time or he might really be cut in two by the blade of the woman in his embrace.

"Listen to me, Lilith." He moved her clutching her shoulders gently so that their eyes met and said in a firm voice, "My family will only love you even more now, ok? Knowing my mother, she will welcome you with more love than ever thinking that soon she might be holding a grandchild."

Lilith looked at him with teary eyes and said unconvinced, "Are you sure about that? Won't she think I'm a sly little bitch?"

Bai Zemin was tempted to roll his eyes but wisely resisted the temptation and said in an assuring voice, "My mother knows the kind of man I am and naturally knows well that for me to be interested in a girl enough to bring her home, and introduce her to the family, sex will definitely not be the main reason in any way."

Lilith hesitated and after a moment asked in a low voice with some uncertainty, "So.... What about your father?"

"My father?" Bai Zemin blinked before answering hurriedly, "He will definitely bother me later but he won't think anything bad about you, on the contrary he will probably see you under new eyes. My father knows that I'm not the type of man who casually sleeps with a random woman after all."

".... So, what will happen to the Wen twins and little Ning? They definitely heard something, especially little Ning."

"They're just innocent little girls, Lilith. There's no way that-"

"Mm?"

"... Like I was saying, there's no way they'd know anything about things between adults don't you think? Come on, we've got to get moving. If we delay any longer we'll really start to be looked at with weird eyes." Bai Zemin cleared his throat and casually stood up to prevent Lilith from seeing the flash of anger and unease that shone in his eyes as he remembered how cruel Wen Yan and Wen Yun's past had been.

Lilith had naturally heard the bad things that the twins were probably forced to do, it was just that her current emotional state was quite unstable in terms of worry so it would probably take her a while to realize that Bai Zemin's words were not completely true.

As she watched still on the floor as he quickly put on his clothes, her eyes flashed strangely and she said in a somewhat peculiar voice, "So.... What will happen with your sister?"

"Mm? Meng Qi? What about her?" Bai Zemin didn't stop and quickly buttoned a pair of rather fashionable jeans as he needed to look presentable for the meeting he would be attending after breakfast.

"What do you think his reaction will be?" Lilith asked as she slowly stood up.

"Hmmmm.... I guess she'll look at us with weird eyes?" Bai Zemin wasn't too sure either. He finally finished dressing and clapped his hands once, "Alright, enough worrying. Lilith, we didn't do anything wrong or commit any kind of sin, okay? Maybe and except for the little girls, all of us sitting around the table today are clear that babies are not brought by a stork."

Not to mention the fact that the two of them had not even come relatively close to completing the final step, but probably no one would believe such a thing even if Bai Zemin and Lilith explained it with pictures and dialogue boxes.

After she heard his words, Lilith took repeated deep breaths before finally calming down. At the end of the day, she was used to all kinds of scenarios and the reason she was worried had to do solely and exclusively with the fact that she really hoped to fit into this family without being looked at with raised eyebrows in the future.

Lilith rolled her eyes as she noticed Bai Zemin's eyes focused on her generous bosom being tantalizingly hugged by the white blouse she arrived in yesterday, and as she walked past him to open the door, she paused for a moment before whispering in his ear, "You little pervert."

Many thought he had no sexual appetite or that he had different tastes than others, but few of those people knew that Bai Zemin could become very lustful when the conditions met, and Lilith had confirmed it completely.

Bai Zemin took the egg in which his future adopted daughter was resting and quickly followed Lilith downstairs to face together what destiny had in store for them.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3