Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 748 - ”....l didn't know you had thatkind of preferences, l can call youdaddy if you like.“ (Part 2)

As Bai Zemin and Lilith walked downstairs to the dining room, they both looked at each other in silence, and for a moment, they both paused as if by prior agreement in an attempt to listen for sounds coming from the lower floor.

In fact, it was strangely silent. Except for the sound of dishes being moved and kitchen utensils being moved on what appeared to be the marble kitchen countertop there was no sound to be heard.

Bai Zemin shook his head when he noticed Lilith's questioning eyes before taking the initiative to go downstairs, being followed a step or two behind by her like a good and obedient wife.

As they reached the corner of the staircase and entered the main corridor, the sight of the large living room attached to the dining room came into the line of sight of both of them after walking a couple of steps.

"Ah, big brother Bai!" Luo Ning jumped off the couch she was sharing with Wen Yan and Wen Yun before rushing towards Bai Zemin. Her eyes shone with a pure light as she said with a small pout on her lips, "Big Sister Lili, why didn't you talk to me earlier? Did little Ning do something wrong?"

Lilith blinked and a flash of tenderness shone in her eyes. She leaned forward and gently stroked Luo Ning's lustrous black hair as she said with a gentle smile on her face, "Little Ning, what are you talking about? You have always behaved very well, all the big brothers and big sisters, as well as the aunts and uncles, love you very much because you are sensitive and obedient. Big sister Lili was a little sleepy, that's why I didn't talk back to you at that time."

Just when Lilith's words had fallen, Meng Qi appeared inside the living room followed by her mother. Both of them were carrying a tray on which there were various dishes; there were even several boxes of milk imported from abroad, which even when the economy of the base was decent was still considered a luxury among luxuries and only officers of the highest rank could take some home occasionally.

"Oh, Lili, Zemin, you two are finally downstairs." Ye Linger smiled sweetly, especially at the daughter-in-law her son recently introduced to her. "Give me a moment, let me finish this first. Breakfast is coming soon, you sit here child."

"This... Mother, but I want to help-"

Ye Linger didn't give her time to finish and waved a hand while saying in an irrefutable but at the same time sweet voice, "Just sit here and wait obediently, I can't let a newly integrated family member work during the first morning at home don't you think?"

Lilith had no choice but to do as she was told and obediently sat down, earning a satisfied nod from Bai Zemin's mother. Although she felt a bit helpless, Lilith also managed to sigh in secret relief and gave Bai Zemin a sidelong glance as she told herself that the little scoundrel was right after all; far from looking at her with strange eyes, Ye Linger was treating her like a treasure fallen from the sky now.

Bai Zemin also sighed in relief and took a step forward as he looked at his sister and said with a smile, "Meng Qi, let me help you with that."

Meng Qi looked at him with an expression full of complaints and said in a mocking voice, "Don't worry, my dear big brother. You must be tired after training so hard at night. Why don't you better sit there and wait a bit? Breakfast will be here in a moment."

Bai Zemin froze for a brief moment before smiling bitterly in his heart.

Even if he were an idiot it would be impossible not to notice the annoyance in Meng Qi's voice, which was completely understandable considering the two black circles under her eyes!

"Hey, hey, big brother Zemin, big sister Lili." Wen Yan approached with an innocent expression after passing the laptop to her twin sister. She looked up and her bright little eyes met the curious gazes of the two people she was looking for.

"Why did big sister Lili scream daddy out loud last night? Is it because she misses her daddy and had a nightmare? She even screamed so loud that Yun and I woke up in the middle of the night!"

Wen Yan blinked and stood there waiting for her big sister Lili's answer, however, several seconds passed and not only did her big sister Lili not answer her as she expected but everyone inside the room became silent as they stared at her in a daze.

Lilith really wanted to die right now and leave no trace that she had ever existed in the cosmos. She felt her face begin to heat up and even though she was a very experienced existence in many matters, this kind of situation had never happened to her!

Although Lilith knew that everyone in the house had probably heard her scream from before, she had a small hope in her heart that such a thing had not happened. However, it was clear that such a thing was not possible.

Meng Qi looked at Lilith in her Lili form and said with a faint smile on her face, "Sister Lili, why don't you tell little Yan about your daddy and how great he is?"

"Meng Qi, you..." Bai Zemin looked at his younger sister not knowing whether to laugh or cry at her behavior.

But there was no need for him to say anything, after all, Lilith could defend herself.

She took a deep breath and forced herself to smile. She stroked Wen Yan's hair but her eyes were fixed on Meng Qi as she said in a low, dreamy voice, "My daddy is a very fabulous and strong man. Although he has all kinds of people seeking his affection, my daddy only has eyes for me and cares so much about my well-being that he is even willing to stay up all night to relieve my body heat."

Meng Qi's expression turned ugly but she quickly pulled herself together and with a snort turned around and went back to the kitchen.

Wen Yan had no idea what was going on so as she looked at Lilith she said aloud, "Woah! Big Sister Lili, your daddy must be a very good man! Why don't you call him over so we can all meet him? Our mother and father would also stay up all night when Yun or I had a fever and our bodies got hot!"

The innocence of the children was truly wonderful.... Bai Zemin sighed in his heart as he gave Lilith a glare, silently telling her not to go too far in front of the little girls.

Bai Delan entered the living room where everyone was starting to gather and was about to say something when he almost fell to the floor with what he saw.

"No! My 5210 points!" Wen Yun shouted in terror as she stared at the laptop screen. She suddenly pushed the laptop to the side and with a leap jumped down from the couch before running towards Bai Zemin with teary eyes.

Before Bai Zemin or the others could understand what was happening, Wen Yan's twin, Wen Yun, jumped towards him and clung to his body like a koala bear while saying with pitiful eyes:

"Daddy Zemin, the snake grew too big and I couldn't stop it from colliding with the tail so now I lost my maximum score!"

Daddy Zemin?

My goodness!

Bai Zemin almost fainted when he felt two piercing gazes poking his back.

"Zemin, tu...." Bai Delan looked at his son with a frown.

He had naturally heard the guttural moan of his son's partner echoing throughout the house, the word daddy practically made his wife Ye Linger jump out of bed as she looked towards the wall in the direction of the room where Bai Zemin and Lili were spending the night.

However, a little girl of about 10 years old was using that word to call his son now? Bai Delan naturally did not think good things.

Bai Zemin was about to say that he had nothing to do with this but suddenly stopped when he saw Wen Yun's mischievous eyes.

'This brat is really messing with me!' Bai Zemin secretly gritted his teeth.

Wen Yun was much more mature than her twin Wen Yan even though they were both around 10-11 years old. Probably due to the events that happened in the north, the girl grew up mentally too fast, and because she felt safe and confident that Bai Zemin would never do anything bad to her, she did not hesitate to start teasing him.

But worst of all, even though Bai Zemin knew the truth, no one would believe him even if he explained it a thousand times!

Bai Zemin cleared his throat and carefully pulled Wen Yun off of him from above, the girl had almost made him drop the egg he was carrying in his hands. He pointed at Bai Delan and said in a serious voice, "Wen Yun, why don't you better go to Grandpa and give him a good morning hug?"

Wen Yun was really smart. She quickly realized that Bai Delan was angry with Bai Zemin so she quickly ran to him and said with shining eyes: "Grandfather, good morning!"

Bai Delan's eyes immediately sparkled and his earlier anger disappeared without a trace as his gaze focused on those sweet and pure eyes like those of a little angel. He smiled from ear to ear and nodded, "Good morning, little Yun."

Despite his appearance of a 30-year-old, Bai Delan was over 50. He naturally wanted to have a grandchild so without hesitation he immediately began to like this good little girl.

Bai Zemin sighed in relief as he saw that his father's attention was taken off his shoulders and Wen Yun managed to fix the situation that she herself had caused.

"I'll go help in the kitchen, I'll be right back." Bai Zemin whispered to Lilith and shook his head when she tried to follow him.

Ye Linger was kind and loving but definitely fierce when it came to making herself obeyed.Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

As Bai Zemin was heading to the kitchen after turning the corridor around the corner and thinking about how he needed to give Wen Yun a good lecture for her mischief later, it just so happened that on the way to the living room was Meng Qi so the two naturally crossed paths.

"Hmph!" Meng Qi snorted, still irritated.

She tried to walk past Bai Zemin, but he stopped her.

"What?" Meng Qi asked in an apathetic voice.

Bai Zemin forced a smile and said not knowing whether to laugh or cry, "I say, my dear little sister, this big brother of yours did something to offend you?"

"Other than being one of the main culprits who kept me up all night while I listened to the perverted things you did and how you grunted with pleasure while that girl named Lili you brought home moaned nonchalantly and without a care in the world? Don't worry, my dear big brother, you haven't offended me at all!"

Bai Zemin was at a loss for words to say for several seconds after he saw and heard his sister speak fast and loose as if she was a robot or as if she had planned it in advance.

As Meng Qi looked at him with wide eyes and gasped in indignation while catching her lost air, Bai Zemin finally sighed and nodded.

"I'm sorry, it's my fault. The goblin war just ended and you too fought on the front lines for days, you must have longed for a good night's peaceful sleep but in the end you couldn't close an eye all night. I apologize on behalf of myself and Lili, I will make sure the same thing doesn't happen a second time."

"What? No- It's not that!" Meng Qi wanted to go crazy, but now that her brother had apologized so honestly she had no room to unleash her fury.

She didn't want to blame Bai Zemin, after all, Meng Qi was aware that her big brother was the person who needed the most rest given that he hadn't slept in 5 days counting the night before.

Meng Qi stomped on the ground and an adorable pout appeared on her exhausted face as she said in a voice that was filled with hidden bitterness, "Big brother, you always do the same thing every time I get upset with you about something, even in the past you were the same way! It's not fair!"

Bai Zemin kept his expression on the surface but in his heart he was apologizing to his sister. He knew that to appease Meng Qi's anger when she was about to turn into a little devil, the best way was to admit mistakes and she would end up feeling aggrieved and even apologize for her behavior later.

Meng Qi took several deep breaths, and after a few seconds during which they both remained silent, she surprised Bai Zemin with a faint smile.

Bai Zemin had seen many kinds of smiles on his sister's face, he often compared them to flowers or cute animals when they were small. However, this was the first time he felt that his ever reliable and mature younger sister's smile resembled the smile of a cunning little fox.

For some reason, he felt he didn't want to listen to her next words or he would be too surprised by what she was about to say. However, he didn't have time to open his mouth before Meng Qi opened her little lips.

"My dear big brother.... I didn't know you had that kind of preferences, I can call you daddy if you like...."

Meng Qi's voice lived up to her little fox smile. Despite her youthful appearance and real age, she sounded like a woman with a lot of experience in the life of secuction and for a moment Bai Zemin was at a loss for words to say.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3