Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 754 - Daughter's birth and accidentalsituation (Part 1)

Bai Zemin was like a mother duck taking care of its little duckling, and as he ran quickly towards the base he watched the surroundings cautiously while holding the metallic gray egg close to his chest as if he feared that some kind of predatory eagle or egg-eating snake would appear and snatch it away from him.

Fortunately and his movement speed was extremely fierce so the survivors only felt a powerful gust of wind pushing them sideways without even seeing a flash or else Bai Zemin would definitely have been looked at with weird eyes and many rumors would have spread in a matter of hours.

Bai Zemin was so anxious about all this that he even forgot that he could use Invisibility to avoid some possible minor inconveniences. All Bai Zemin cared about right now was getting to his home where Lilith had practically stayed to live in her human form and shared the days with his mother.

When he reached the high walls of the privileged area, he didn't care at all about the security check and with a powerful stomp he jumped over 300 meters, soaring over the tall trunks that were once part of brilliant and huge mutant trees. When his feet touched the ground, he immediately charged towards home, but just as he had gone a little over two kilometers, he stopped when it seemed to him that someone was calling out to him.

"Uh?" Bai Zemin looked back and was surprised to see Shangguan Bing Xue rushing swiftly towards him.

He couldn't help but feel that today really was a bad day since he assumed that she came with bad news, therefore, when Shangguan Bing Xue finally stopped in front of him, Bai Zemin finally asked in a serious voice:

"Bing Xue, what happened?"

"You ask me what happened?" Shangguan Bing Xue looked at him suspiciously before asking in a puzzled voice, "The correct question would be what happened to you?"

Bai Zemin looked at her in confusion, to which she responded rolling her eyes.

"I was on the shopping street when a gust of wind sent over 5 food stalls flying. Curious, I went to see who was the soul evolver that was causing minor trouble, but what a surprise I got when I climbed up one of the nearby buildings and found your figure zigzagging through the alleys as if you were a thief who had just escaped from his victim's house."

"This..." Bai Zemin really didn't know what to say in this moment and couldn't help but feel a little awkward.

He had forgotten that running at high speeds in tight places would naturally cause the gusts of wind produced by the explosive speed to compress more and push sideways with greater force before bouncing back and pushing in the opposite direction again with only a little less pressure. Therefore, Bai Zemin had overlooked that by doing what he was doing, some people's lives would naturally be slightly affected at least for a few seconds or minutes.

Remembering the matter at hand, Bai Zemin quickly shook his head and hurriedly said, "Bing Xue, you help me compensate those people affected because of me, give them some red or yellow food coupons depending on the damage suffered. I have to go."

Bai Zemin had barely turned around but even before he could explode with great speed again, Shangguan Bing Xue's voice stopped him.Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

"Wait!" ᴀʟ ʟ ɴᴏᴠᴇʟ full.com

"What is it now?" Bai Zemin looked at her with wide eyes and couldn't stop his voice from rising a little.

Shangguan Bing Xue kept her mouth tightly shut, surprised by the reaction of the always calm and composed Bai Zemin. The person in front of her was completely different from the Bai Zemin she knew.

However, Shangguan Bing Xue was not only a very beautiful woman but also very intelligent and a brilliant observer.

"Can you tell me what is troubling you? Maybe I can help you." She said softly.

It wasn't hard for her to connect the little dots and realize that something bad must have happened otherwise there was no way Bai Zemin would break his own rules without even realizing it. Besides, judging from the direction he was heading just now, Shangguan Bing Xue estimated that it was something related to his family.

Bai Zemin hesitated for a moment and he really wanted to tell Shangguan Bing Xue that they better talk later. After all, he didn't think she could do anything about the situation he was currently in.

However, seeing those two beautiful blue eyes looking at him with such a gentle expression, and remembering that usually those same eyes were as cold as ice to 99.99% of people, Bai Zemin's heart softened and in the midst of anxiety he couldn't help but not wanting to waste the goodwill of the woman in front of him.

After a few seconds of silence, Bai Zemin sighed and nodded before he began to explain to Shangguan Bing Xue what was going on.

Although Bai Zemin was talking fast and like a locomotive that would stop at nothing as a product of his anxiety Shangguan Bing Xue listened to every word, and when he stopped, she finally nodded with a serious expression on her face. Since the matter involved the little life inside the egg Bai Zemin had been guarding so cautiously all this time, Shangguan Bing Xue managed to understand and comprehend his concern and lack of attention to minor matters.

"Therefore, Bing Xue, we will talk later. Help me solve these small problems I caused due to my carelessness, I need to go see Lilith to have her help me find a solution."

Shangguan Bing Xue's expression changed slightly but quickly returned to normal. She didn't give Bai Zemin time to turn around this time, and as she took a step forward, she softly said, "Wait a moment, let me see if I can do anything. Who knows, maybe I can find where the problem lies and that will save you from having to run several kilometers."

"This..." Bai Zemin hesitated for a moment before gritting his teeth and nodding vigorously, "All right!"

Shangguan Bing Xue not only had better control over the mana than Bai Zemin so perhaps she would be able to identify where the problem with the gray egg was, but there was also the fact that even if Lilith could identify the problem, she could do nothing about it since the Soul Record would not allow such a thing.

Shangguan Bing Xue received the metallic colored egg with a serious expression on her face, and when she held it in her delicate hands, she could not help but want to treat it with care. This was probably because she knew that this egg, or rather, the life inside it, was very important to Bai Zemin.

Bai Zemin felt like an ant being exposed to the sun under a magnifying glass, fidgeting no matter what he did as he stared at Shangguan Bing Xue. He, despite being young, had already made up his mind that he would soon have a little daughter to take care of, and therefore, Bai Zemin had imagined many scenes and had even thought of a good name for her. Consequently, he didn't want something bad to happen or else it would be a big blow to him.

After a few seconds, Shangguan Bing Xue's eyes sparkled and she couldn't help but smile as she raised her head and said with enthusiasm, "I know what's wrong!"

"Really?!" Bai Zemin shouted so loudly that several people who had gone out to walk pets or just to stretch their bodies a bit stopped to see what was going on.

He didn't mind any of this and quickly asked with twice her enthusiasm, "Bing Xue, what's the problem? Tell me quickly!"

"Actually, it's not serious... At least for now, that is. It will be a problem in a day or two." Shangguan Bing Xue said in a serious voice before slowly explaining, "It seems that the little life in is very greedy, and after eating all the mana that the previous queen left behind, she is still not satisfied and wants more."

"This..." Bai Zemin blinked in astonishment as this was something he did not expect.

The mana that the previous queen of the weaver ants had left behind was quite a large amount, Bai Zemin was sure of it because he had been there practically from the beginning. However, the future queen did not seem happy and after eating all that mana she was still looking for more.

Bai Zemin was secretly glad that the little life inside the egg hadn't tried to absorb the world's mana, that unrefined mana would probably kill her after all.

"Bing Xue, give me the egg. I'll give her my mana for her to absorb in that case."

"Okay." Shangguan Bing Xue knew she couldn't argue here so without another word she returned the egg to him.

Bai Zemin immediately went to work, and once he received back the metallic colored egg, he began to release all the mana in his body through his hands. He had no fixed target, he was simply spending his Mana points.

However, the life inside the egg reacted immediately and those red veins that had been still immediately seemed to catch their breath as they glowed slightly and at surprisingly high speeds began to absorb all the mana Bai Zemin was releasing.

Seeing that the method actually worked, Bai Zemin subconsciously sighed in relief, and as he continued to feed the egg with his mana, he raised his head to give the woman in front of him a smile and eyes brimming with gratitude.

* * * * * * *