Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 762 - Attack and Conquest: Unstoppable! (Part 2)

Haidian District was undoubtedly the second largest district in Beijing after Chaoyang District. In the past, it had more than 5,000,000 inhabitants, most of them being employees who worked in the IT industry field.

Being an IT-rich district, communications throughout Haidian District were undoubtedly among the best when it came to intercommunication. Even when the apocalypse broke out, thanks to the high-tech devices at their disposal, the power of the higher-ups did not collapse so easily and the army with the support of the government managed to hold out for the first few weeks before the mutant beasts and zombies began to evolve at speeds far beyond that of mankind.

It was when the human establishments began to fall one by one, a little over a month later, that the person who brought salvation to humanity in Haidian District appeared.

This person was none other than the former president of China before the collapse of the known society, Xuanyuan Wentian.

After unifying the entire Haidian District under his banner in just 1 month, slaughtering those who opposed him and making those who followed him prosper, Xuanyuan Wentian had planned to continue to the north instead of the south since the north would definitely be easier to dominate in the current stages but a bigger headache in the future due to the terrifying number of survivors, mainly students, who lived there and had most likely turned into zombies.

Unfortunately, a problem occurred in the south when another faction unknown to all but the top brass attacked the main base of the New China faction. Most surprisingly, the enemy seemed to be powerful enough to force Xuanyuan Wentian to change his plans, so he had no choice but to backtrack on his plans to conquer the north and began to push to the sides, expanding slower in terms of territorial reach but establishing much firmer bases.

Even so, with the well-established base that Xuanyuan Wentian had set up throughout Haidian District and after leaving a total of 5 establishments in charge of relatively trustworthy people, the power of the New China faction never wavered.

Until a few days ago, when a new and unknown enemy appeared out of nowhere from the north. This enemy was clearly not someone to be trifled with, as in just 1 night, one of the five bases in Haidian District had been taken over by them!

In Zizhuyuan Subdistrict, one of the five bases of Haidian District stood proudly. Its walls were a mixture of large-sized mutant beast bones and large-sized mutant tree trunks. On top of the 500 meter walls were watchtowers over 100 meters high every 600 meters from each other, and there were at least 1000 type 88 heavy machine guns only on the east gate.

Every 20 minutes, all four gates would open briefly to allow one scout team per gate to leave. An hour later, those teams would return, and twenty minutes later, they would be replaced by another.

"Mm, security is much higher compared to the base we took down before."

Standing on a snow-covered hill over 3 kilometers away from the east gate, lying on the ground with his body covered by a thick white blanket and several layers of snow, Bai Zemin silently watched the other party's movement while holding a pair of military-grade binoculars.

"Big brother Bai, why don't we go directly and crush them all?"

Lying on the ground and also covered in the same manner Bai Zemin did, Luo Ning who was dressed like a total warlord and wore a pair of binoculars identical to Bai Zemin's, proposed in a sweet but rather neutral voice considering the content of her sentence.

Although the little girl was not doing it on purpose, Luo Ning was also slowly being affected by the domineering attitude of the entire Transcendent faction. She spent too much time with the soldiers and soul evolvers after all, and just like their Leader, they believed that if they wanted a territory then that territory would be theirs while the nuisances would be crushed.

It had always been that way, and no one doubted that it would continue the same way.

"Let's wait a few more minutes." Bai Zemin said in a relaxed voice. "Little Ning, I will memorize the points of the soldiers and soul evolvers at sight. You know what to do, don't you?"

"Hehe, big brother..." Luo Ning's eyes sparkled as she said with an innocent smile that didn't match her next words.

"Little Ning just has to track down the hiding bad guys using my Shadow Wolf skill and kill them all, right?"

"Em, that's right. Kill as many as you can and if your wolves are destroyed by the other side, point the way for me, I'll destroy them myself."

"Okaaai!"

Although Luo Ning's deceased parents might not agree with the lifestyle their daughter led, Bai Zemin was different. The him from two months ago might have preferred Luo Ning not to become a soul evolver, he might have preferred her to study to become a biologist, mutant plant botany expert, alchemist, etc; even as a singer or any other job meant for wholesome entertainment. But now that Bai Zemin realized how abnormal Earth was, he preferred that all those closest to him become soul evolvers willingly; only then they could be at least a little safer without his presence.

It was probably also because of the aforementioned that Luo Cheng, Luo Ning's elder brother, said nothing and supported his sister's growth from the army of unevolved humans.

Ten minutes later and with another patrol change, Bai Zemin stood up and shook off the snow that was on his body.

"Little Ning, get ready to move."

"Yes!"

Bai Zemin took out his Greatcloak of Infernal Fire from his storage ring, and as he put it on, the temperature around him immediately rose, causing the nearby snow to slowly start turning into liquid water.

Not even 30 seconds had passed since Bai Zemin and Luo Ning stood up when the enemies in the distance noticed them. But how could they not be noticed when all the snow more than 50 meters around seemed to have been swallowed up by the earth and a dense cloud of steam rose into the sky?

"... Big brother Bai, I think in the future it will be better if you don't use your cloak for this kind of situation." Luo Ning stuck out her tongue and laughed nonchalantly before jumping onto one of her shadow wolves.

Bang!

With a powerful bang, the summoned creature charged towards the base in the distance.

Bai Zemin shook his head and followed close behind Luo Ning without caring whether they had been spotted or not. The enemy was clearly waiting for them anyway, or else why else would there be so many armed soldiers on the walls and war tanks near the gates?

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!....

Entering the 1500 meter range, the various war tanks located in the vicinity of the eastern walls of the base pointed their cannons in the approximate direction that the handlers believed to be correct and opened fire without a second thought.

In addition to the war tanks, the snipers with skills also raised their firearms and tried to take aim, but after realizing that the other side's Agility was too crazy, they simply fired at random hoping to get lucky.

In just a brief second, both Bai Zemin and Luo Ning became targets to be eliminated at all costs. In war it didn't matter gender or age, there was only winner of loser!

"Heh." Bai Zemin sneered, and with a mighty stomp, the muscles in his right leg swelled up, propelling him swiftly forward and overtaking Luo Ning by over 100 meters in just an instant.

There were only two of the shots from the war tanks that posed a threat to Luo Ning, all the others had failed to even come close to the target; miserably at that.

Under the terrified eyes of the soldiers, Bai Zemin's eyes flashed and he fearlessly extended both hands forward.

BOOM!

BOOM!

A cloud of dust, snow, and steam rose up covering the area for a brief moment.

The next second, however, the obstructing cloud was swept away and the interior was finally revealed.

"Holy crap!" one of the battle tank pilots felt his eyes almost fall out as he watched the scene in the distance. "That monster really stopped the tank shots with his hands!"

Bai Zemin was forced back a couple of steps, but except for feeling some pain in both hands and arms, his body was completely unharmed.

The current him no longer feared the kings of the earth and their weapons!

Bai Zemin immediately chased after Luo Ning, quickly overtaking her. He zigzagged around, avoiding the barrel bullets to prevent his footsteps from being stopped, and when he entered the 800 meter range he finally pointed towards the sky with one hand. ?ll ? ???? Fu??.c?m

"Little Fire!"

No one knew when, but at some point, a small blue-colored flame had appeared just 500 meters above the first enemy defense lineup.

Sensing Bai Zemin's command, the Endless Blue Lotus Flame immediately went to work and just like a machine gun began to shoot hundreds of arrows of deep blue fire without any specific target.

Thirty percent of the battle tanks exploded in the first second and half of the soldiers of the first and strongest enemy defense line collapsed in an instant. The flames spread, and by the time the soul evolvers of the New China faction appeared, the entire battlefield was dyed blue.

A team composed of 100 men whose average level ranged from 21 advanced cautiously, walking through the places where the flames had not yet reached. However, the sea of fire was spreading so fast that they had no choice but to retreat.

"Water mages!"

"Where are the water mages!"

"And where the hell is the enemy?!"

"The sensors and heat detection skills aren't working because of these damn flames!"

...

While everyone was stirring like ants in a frying pan not wanting to be burned alive, Bai Zemin and Luo Ning had long since broken through the perimeter that the enemy had set up beforehand and were now fighting against the second line of defense; inside the base walls!

"Big Brother Bai, will we let those evil people live?" shouted Luo Ning amidst explosions and gunfire.

"Don't worry about it. Focus on your mission, little Ning!" shouted Bai Zemin with a fierce look.

The enemy had greeted them with grenades and landmines, but fortunately he was already prepared for something like that and with a mighty stomp he managed to make all the landmines explode.

As for the grenades ....

In the hands of Bai Zemin and Luo Ning, there were several rings and some of them were the same. One of the rings on Luo Ning's right hand glowed, and as the grenades were about to hit her and her summoned beast, they suddenly spun in the air and went back the way they came.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!....

More than twenty explosions accompanied by cries and wails resounded in the midst of the chaotic battlefield. The roofs of two two-story buildings located at the edge of the road that Bai Zemin and Luo Ning were trying to cross collapsed, burying a dozen soldiers waiting hidden inside.

Bai Zemin did not bother with the grenades, they were not worthy of such a good treasure activation. He coldly snorted, and with a thought had a giant blood hand appear in the middle of the path.

The grenades exploded and the blood sizzled with steam filled with the smell of iron rising into the sky. An instant later, the hand closed into a fist and under Bai Zemin's control struck the soul evolver team that had just turned the corner.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!....

More than ten men were sent flying spitting blood, and only one of them managed to stand up. However, an instant later, a wolf as black as night jumped out of his shadow and with a powerful bite tore out his entire throat, ending the man's life.

Bai Zemin and Luo Ning did not stop even for an instant, the two of them were like unstoppable machines. It didn't matter if it was soul evolver, advanced machine, or experienced soldier; everyone who crossed their paths was slaughtered mercilessly.

"Big brother Bai, hidden in that building over there is a powerful soul evolver!" Luo Ning suddenly shouted as she looked 1000 meters in a northerly direction, she had just lost connection with one of her shadow wolves. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Bai Zemin didn't say a single word and instead clenched his right fist tightly before beginning to strike at the speed of light on the same spot a total of 100 times in just one second using 100% of his Strength!

BOOOM!!!

Followed by a powerful explosion, the top of the building in the distance suddenly exploded into countless small fragments of debris. The survivors of the base were terrified and there was already chaos everywhere, even though they had been warned not to leave their homes and the government had kept them away from places they thought might become a war zone, no one could stay calm after seeing a 15-story building being mysteriously razed in half!

"Defense line number 2 has fallen!"

"Defense line number 3 is down!"

"Defense line number 4 is about to collapse! Requesting reinforcements! I repeat, request-"

"..."

In the center of the base, inside a basement 4 meters underground, a group of people with dark faces listened in silence the bad news after bad news coming out of the small military radio that rested next to the table.

On the table were 6 small monitors with wide views of the current situation east of the base, but the images that these men who always walked with pride and disdain had wiped the arrogant smiles off their faces.

It had only been 9 minutes since the enemy had made their appearance but thousands had died, and among the losses were at least 42 battle tanks, 12 howitzers, 60 IFVs, and at least a hundred military vehicles!

The mayor of the city, a person Xuanyuan Wentian trusted enough to leave his position, had a face as white as a sheet at this point. Even when he had sent out so many soul evolvers, the other party simply crushed them like ants and many of them didn't even have time to display a single one of their skills!

Should he continue to be stubborn? The mayor knew that what the enemy was seeking was not total war but the surrender of the base. But... Wouldn't he be beheaded by Xuanyuan Wentian if he surrendered here?

At that moment, another person inside the room suggested in a deep voice: " I feel that surrendering is the best option. That red armor monster must be the enemy leader, there is no way we can stop him with our current strength. I think Sir President will understand our situation once he knows the strength of the other side."

This person had released a hidden message in his words, that hidden message was to let the two monsters face each other when they finally meet in the future. This was not a battlefield for them!

Although they had approximately 30 combat helicopters and many more troops waiting to be mobilized, there was no sense in doing such a thing when the other side was clearly holding back. The mere sight of those terrifying blue flames still burning outside the base made it clear that if the other side really wanted their destruction, then this entire base would become a blazing inferno within minutes.

The people inside the room thought about it for a few seconds, seconds that cost the lives of more than 200 troops. There was no way Xuanyuan Wentian would blame them for surrendering, was there? Everyone looked at the mayor, and after several sighs, finally nodded.

The mayor no longer hesitated, and as he grabbed the military radio and pressed all the buttons with trembling hands, he roared, "Surrender! All troops, throw down your weapons! Tell the other side that we surrender and are willing to hand over command of the base!"

And just like that, the second of the five bases of Xuanyuan Wentian in Haidian District fell under the control of the Transcendent faction.

In just 3 days of time, two bases had been taken down and the other side had not even seen a casualty on their side.

* * * * * * *