Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 768 - The end of a battle but not of the war

The snow on the plains had been completely wiped off the map.

That beautiful sight of pure white that could be appreciated from a distance was nowhere to be seen anymore, and contrary to the incredibly low temperatures that would freeze the blood of the bravest and best-trained soldier, the current temperature was high enough to make a mutant creature with blood like ice running through its veins break out in a sweat.

"Spear of Lightning!"

A magic circle glowed above the hand of a soul evolver belonging to the Swift Wind Legion. The surrounding mana trembled as lightning-like energy gathered in less than a split second, filling the runes that made up the magic circle.

The skill Spear of Lightning was a Second Order skill with great destructive potential; even a 20-story building would be brought to the ground in a heartbeat.

Just as the skill was about to be cast and wreak havoc in the middle of the enemy ranks, the mage's face changed as she felt the ground beneath her feet tremble, but by the time she realized that someone had ambushed her it was too late.

Bang!

The head of a mutant snake whose body was covered in blue scales broke from under the ground and with a ferocious bite tore off the right leg of the soul evolver, who amidst a terrifying scream of pain and wailing canceled the imminent activation of her skill.

Seeing what was happening, a level 52 fighter-type soul evolver became enraged and immediately slashed with his sword at the snake.

The snake did not stay after accomplishing its task and immediately sank back to the ground, causing the enemy's attack to barely leave a minor cut on its body.

The mages were frightened, and now no longer dared to launch skills so casually even under the protection of powerful fighters who were like an impenetrable wall before them but could do nothing against the monster underground. Even when they hit the ground hard in an attempt to make the snake come out, the cunning creature did not move or reveal its position after hiding!

Screams accompanied by curses and explosions echoed in the distance. The battlefield that previously belonged to only two had now become a hell where death for both sides was the best friend but at the same time the worst enemy of them all.

The soul evolvers of the Blood Spear Legion faced the soul evolvers of the Swift Wind Legion, and to the surprise of one of the most powerful legions in New China, they managed to stand up to them even though they had a lower average level and were fewer in number.

A level 43 soul evolver from the Swift Wind Legion roared loudly, activating his Flaming Sword skill and increasing the power of his attack by 10% as he slashed ferociously towards the level 39 soul evolver belonging to the enemy faction.

"Sonic Drive!"

A terrifying explosion shot out from the spear tip of the soul evolver belonging to the Blood Spear Legion and both attacks collided head on.

Boom!

The level 43 soul evolver retreated ten steps and his hand trembled as he tried to hold on tightly to his sword.

The level 39 soul evolver retreated the same number of steps, however, the grip on her spear was as firm as a mountain, and without even giving her enemy time to think she charged forward with a powerful stab that cut the wind in two.

"Damn it!"

The level 43 soul evolver slowly began to be pushed back, and it wasn't until a second level 37 soul evolver belonging to the Swift Wind Legion joined in that between the two of them they finally managed to somehow equalize the enemy's ferocious assault.

"Where the hell did these damn monsters come from?!"

That question had been repeated several times in different areas of the battlefield.

There was no doubt that they were more, there was no doubt that the soul evolvers of the Swift Wind Legion had higher levels for the most part.... Then why did the enemy always force them to join with others even though they were outnumbered? Some partially found the answer to that question.

"Damn! These bastards are packed with treasures from the Soul Record!"

"Where the hell did they get so many Blazing Rings and Ice Cone Rings from?!"

"They even have so many Broken Bronze Bells!"

"How are we supposed to compete against people who get so many good treasures while we get only scraps?!"

...

As the minutes passed, the Blood Spear Legion began to force their enemies back.

Even the battlefields separated from the rest, those battlefields where two or more Second Order existences clashed, seemed to be on the verge of finding their own result.

Surprise and shock slowly began to turn to frustration as they discovered that they were not losing because they had bad equipment but that part of the reason they were being pushed back and slowly pushed into the abyss of defeat was because the other side had too many Soul Record treasures!

In the New China faction, the Soul Record treasures were mainly given to government cabinet personnel or high-ranking army generals. Soul evolvers also received treasures occasionally, but for that they first needed to reach a certain "score" of accumulated achievements before finally redeeming them for a treasure.

However, things were different in the Transcendent faction.

All treasures were to be given to people that Bai Zemin had specifically designated, but eventually, 90% of all such treasures were given to the evolved troops. In the Transcendent faction, it did not matter if you had a high Noble title or a high position in the troops, as long as you showed bravery on the battlefield even the lowest survivor would be rewarded with a treasure from the Soul Record. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Although such a thing was only possible thanks to the fact that Bai Zemin's troops had faced too many enemies in a short time and thanks to Bai Zemin's soul not absorbing poor quality Soul Power, the fact that his troops had so many treasures discouraged the opposing troops as it was a sign that in contrast to the New China faction where the old government received better treatment, such a thing did not happen in the Transcendent faction.

Damn, even the person leading them was an unknown young college student!

BOOOOM!!!

A terrifying explosion suddenly caught everyone's attention, and as they looked into the distance, they saw a huge tornado of burning flames rising into the sky devouring everything in its path. After about 30 seconds, the giant fire tornado disappeared, and apart from a large pool of lava all that was left in sight was the elegant, seductive, and beautiful silhouette of a woman standing on a small piece of unmelted earth.

The faces of the soul evolvers of the Swift Wind Legion turned white as they realized that no matter where they looked, they could not find the silhouette of the legion's vice-commander.

"D- Don't tell me..."

"... Vice-Commander Lu... Died?"

...

It had been about 10 minutes since the war had fully broken out when the vice commander of Swift Wind Legion tried to attack the enemy leader with a surprise attack after realizing without too much difficulty that the legion commander was being overwhelmed.

After Feng Tian Wu stopped Lu Xiaochao, she immediately launched a retaliatory attack and the two Second Order soul evolvers moved by prior agreement into the distance to avoid affecting their troops.

Ten minutes later and with several bloody cuts on her delicate arms, legs, and tender thighs, Feng Tian Wu was the only one who remained standing while Luo Xiaochao was plunged into an inferno of flames from which he could not escape.

In the sky, Shao Tao's body was riddled with wounds and burns. Although he had tried his best to dodge Bai Zemin's attacks, it was impossible to dodge them all so at this point he was not only too injured for his regeneration to keep up but his Stamina had dropped below 30%.

"Damn it!" Shao Tao cursed as he realized that Luo Xiaochao had been killed by the other party's vice commander.

Quickly looking down as he moved across the sky dodging the deep blue laser-like arrows, Shao Tao Tao realized that the proud Swift Wind Legion was slowly but surely being wiped out.

It was hard for Shao Tao to accept this kind of end result, this ending was completely different from what he had expected when he had agreed to come to this battlefield in the north.

Shao Tao had seen Xuanyuan Wentian and his five legions crush everything, always with such ease that everyone began to see victory as something natural that would happen regardless of who the enemy was.

This was the first time Shao Tao or any other member of the Swift Wind Legion had encountered soul evolvers belonging to an enemy faction as fierce, brave, and terrifying as hungry wolves.

It was also the first time Shao Tao doubted for a second who would be the final winner in this war that had only just begun.

'Retreat! I have to retreat!'

When such a thought grew in his heart, it was hard to shake it off.

Shao Tao no longer hesitated. Taking advantage of his position in the sky, he turned his body in a southerly direction with the intention of flying away and disappearing from here.

It was then when a calm and cold voice sounded below him.

"I was waiting for the moment when you turned your back on me."

Shao Tao's pupils contracted to the size of a needle and his eyes widened in shock as he realized that in his attempt to flee he committed the greatest taboo a warrior could commit on a battlefield; turning his back on the enemy.

Unfortunately, it was too late to do anything.

Bai Zemin knew that Shao Tao could escape using the wings behind his back and he could have done nothing to pursue him if he decided to soar to great heights. Bai Zemin being careful to never allow a powerful enemy to escape from his hands to avoid future problems that could lead to eternal regrets, decided to wait instead of pushing Shao Tao too hard.

Now, the opportunity to strike the final blow, a single attack that would end it all, had arrived.

Shao Tao barely had time to slightly turn his head over his shoulder downward when his world went blank due to the overwhelming pain he felt in his lower back.

BOOOOOOOM!!!

A thunderous explosion rumbled across the sky.

Under the eyes filled with shock and fear of the Swift Wind Legion's soul evolvers and armed soldiers belonging to base number 3, Shao Tao's body broke in half as Bai Zemin enveloped by purple flames soared into the sky and mercilessly struck out with a giant sword enveloped by crimson flashes and blue flames.

[You have received the Soul Power of Second Order Shao Tao level 99. You can't...]

All the blood that should have flowed from the body split in two of the now dead Shao Tao was incinerated by the flames that covered the body of Bai Zemin and his great sword. When his feet landed back on the ground, the thud of the two halves falling a short distance apart was the announcement that the battle was over.

The soul evolvers of the Blood Spear Legion, as well as the heavily armed soldiers who had recently surrendered to the Transcendent faction, roared at the top of their lungs as victory was finally decided.

On the other hand, the soul evolvers of the Swift Wind Legion and the soldiers of base number 3 watched with pale faces as the enemy leader pulled out a shining Soul Stone from the head of the formerly proud and brave Shao Tao.

However, Bai Zemin was not happy.

Despite having won, he still felt tremendously uneasy, and as his eyes looked in the southwest direction, Bai Zemin sensed a terrifying storm approaching when he saw the distant black clouds covering the sky.

* * * * * * *