Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 770 - Father vs Daughter!

"Shangguan Bing Xue?"

Both Xia Ya and Evangeline, as well as the others, were stunned as they witnessed Shangguan Bing Xue appearing like a fairy in the middle of what would soon turn into a battlefield; one that would probably be very bloody considering the small but lethal portion of power that the enemy before them had shown them only moments before.

"Why is the second leader here?"

"Miss Shangguan was at the base when we left..."

"I was using my Sonar Detector skill at every turn but she wasn't detected at all!"

...

The soul evolvers began to mutter under their breath as they marveled at the beautiful scene.

Shangguan Bing Xue's eyes were fixed on the dark gray-haired man who was single-handedly facing an army of thousands with his sword as his only companion. As she descended from the clouds, the magic circle behind her exploded and turned into small pieces of glittering ice which as they began to slowly rain down gave her an appearance similar to that of a true goddess descending into the mortal world.

She waved a hand and a kind of slider appeared under her feet. The ice slider was connected to the ground, so when her feet touched the snow there was not the slightest sound.

Xuanyuan Wentian stood with a straight back and a serene expression on his indifferent face. As he looked at the beautiful woman in front of him, the girl who carried his genes, the daughter he had abandoned, he could not help but sigh in his heart as he felt a brief approximation of the level she was in.

Shangguan Bing Xue remained standing as she looked at the man who appeared to be her own age but was actually her father. Her posture was elegant and worthy of contemplation even in this kind of situation. She wore a full-body armor of pale blue color just like the color of her cold eyes, in her right hand was a slim sword of the same color as the armor, and just like the armor, the sword was also covered with strange engravings that released a faint silver shimmer occasionally.

After about a minute of silence, Shangguan Bing Xue's lips opened slightly and her flat voice swept across the snowy plains.

"Xuanyuan Wentian, if you surrender now and cooperate to have your New China faction disintegrate and join the forces of my Transcendent faction then everything will be easier for you in the long run."

Xuanyuan Wentian couldn't help but shake his head as he calmly said, "The only reason why I haven't killed everyone here yet is because I wanted to see what kind of words the person who from a young age aspired to surpass me would say.... But I must say that I'm a bit disappointed."

Shangguan Bing Xue was not angry upon hearing his words. In fact, her lips curved upward slightly and her eyes glinted strangely as she calmly said, "You don't need to worry.... I can assure you that soon your disappointment will turn into something else."

"... Were you the person who came up with this plan?" Xuanyuan Wentian suddenly asked.

"I helped, but the one who really figured it out was Bai Zemin." Shangguan Bing Xue replied in a clear voice.

Xuanyuan Wentian pondered silently for a moment before nodding, "I see. Looks like I really have to kill that boy or it will be a bigger problem later."

Xuanyuan Wentian believed that the Transcendent faction would be taken by surprise and that they probably wouldn't count on the fact that he and two of his most powerful legions had already arrived in the Haidian District. He had also foreseen that the enemy would need at least a few days to adjust their position in the two captured bases or else everything would collapse when the other leaders tried to eat each other, which would cause chaos to spread within the walls.

After receiving a secret report from one of the base leaders who had managed to obtain some information, and in an attempt to surprise the enemy who would definitely split in two to make the most of their overwhelming strength before joining together to launch a two-pronged attack towards the last base, Xuanyuan Wentian sent the Swift Wind Legion to intervene the road in the direction of base number 3 while he left the Bright Light Legion at base number 5.

He alone was more than enough to stop the enemy that would target base number 4.

However, there were several things that Xuanyuan Wentian did not expect.

He did not expect that the enemy faction had been established by a student, nor did he count on the fact that in the enemy faction he would meet Chen He, which at the same time meant that his illegitimate daughter and perhaps even Wu Jianhong's granddaughter were alive.

Xuanyuan Wentian also did not count that the enemy leader would be as cunning as a fox and would see through his plans. Not to mention that he definitely did not expect to meet so many powerful people; especially the daughter he abandoned in the past, Xuanyuan Wentian could sense mortal danger from her and it shocked him to the core even though he did not show it.

He was a Second Order soul evolver level 97, however, even a high-level Third Order mutant beast would be cut into small cubes of flesh by his sword and skills. Even then, Xuanyuan Wentian could tell that even though his daughter's level was lower than his own, her real strength was overwhelmingly high!

"Kill him?" Shangguan Bing Xue raised an eyebrow and said in an amused voice, "Only with you?"

Bai Zemin knew that they were in territory that did not favor them. The Transcendent faction was the invader of the Haidian District, it was to be expected that even after conquering two of the enemy bases someone would appear to report the moves they made. Therefore, except for Chen He and Wu Yijun, no one else knew that Shangguan Bing Xue was following the second main army from a distance and everyone thought that she was staying at base number 2.

Although Bai Zemin did not count on the fact that Xuanyuan Wentian would be so arrogant as to show up alone, he did expect that both the first and second armies of his faction would run into trouble along the way.

Xuanyuan Wentian didn't waste any more words, he knew there was no point in speaking when he saw his daughter's eyes brimming with battle intent.

"Don't worry, I won't kill you." He said in an indifferent voice as he took a step forward.

Bang!

Silver lights began to dance around his body, snowflakes were slashed and shattered while the surrounding snow was completely swept away.

"After all, you are my daughter."

Shangguan Bing Xue took a step forward, hundreds of silver-colored magic circles glowed behind her back with a single wave of her left hand as her cold voice echoed amidst the piercing wind.

"Don't worry, I won't kill you."

Ice swords and ice spears slowly emerged from within the various magic circles, remaining suspended in the sky as she culminated her words.

"At the end of the day, I'm proud of the kind of person I've become, and that's all thanks to you."

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!...

At the same time as Shangguan Bing Xue waved her left hand forward, hundreds of ice swords and ice spears sliced the air in two and formed hundreds of frozen lines as they swooshed across the skies in Xuanyuan Wentian's direction.

Xuanyuan Wentian narrowed his eyes and waved his free hand in the air. The silver lights surrounding his body expanded around him as if he was some sort of transparent dome protecting him from the outside world.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!....

The silver lights seemed to have some kind of really sharp cutting power, because when the ice swords and ice spears tried to cross beyond the dome they were cut into hundreds of tiny ice fragments that fell onto the snow before melting to merge with it.

Shangguan Bing Xue's expression did not change at all, she clearly did not expect such a simple attack to be enough to finish off the man in front of her. With a faint smile at the corner of her lips and a gaze that was packed with confidence, she slowly walked towards him as her commanding voice echoed amidst the explosions resulting from the clash of her ice weapons and the silver lights surrounding Xuanyuan Wentian.

"All of you stand back. No one is allowed to interfere."

This was the battle she had looked forward to the most in her entire life!

Only Shangguan Bing Xue herself was aware of how many times she had felt despair in the past, knowing in her heart that taking revenge against the most powerful man in all of China and one of the most powerful men in the entire world would be impossible for an ordinary person like her. However, things had changed.

Fate and life had given her a new opportunity!

The Soul Record had brought death and misery but it also brought growth and hope!

Shangguan Bing Xue would seize the new opportunity given to her no matter what and would not allow anyone to interfere! She would, with her own hands, complete what she had always dreamed with!

As Xuanyuan Wentian calmly watched as his daughter advanced step by step and the enemy army retreated, his expression changed slightly for an instant when he realized that something was wrong.

Shangguan Bing Xue gently clenched her left hand at the same time as her sweet lips whispered two words, "Ice Prison."

When Xuanyuan Wentian finally realized what was happening, it was already too late.

Bang!

All the ice fragments that had accumulated and melted into the snow after thousands of ice swords and ice spears were destroyed by the silver cutting lights protecting Xuanyuan Wentian suddenly seemed to come back to life. The former president of China did not even have time to take a step back before an extremely robust and hard ice cube enclosed him inside.

However, if something like this could contain Xuanyuan Wentian then he would have died long ago.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!...

Long silver lights suddenly cut past the robust ice cube, and an instant later, what Shangguan Bing Xue expected to happen occurred.

Boom!!! Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

The ice cube exploded outwards into millions of tiny fragments, revealing Xuanyuan Wentian still standing without any change in his expression or body. The only difference was that the unadorned sword that had been sheathed until now finally left its scabbard and was now in his right hand.

Shangguan Bing Xue had used the Second Activation of her Ice Maker skill hidden within every ice sword and ice spear she cast before so that even with the ice shattered she could use it again. Unfortunately, that was no longer possible now since the surprise attack had been shattered and she had no Ice Manipulation. However, her target was another from the start.

Xuanyuan Wentian frowned slightly as he saw that she was no longer in his line of sight. Suddenly and as if he had eyes behind his back, he moved his arm back and positioned his sword in the middle of his back as if he was sheathing it in an invisible sheath.

Boom!

Snow flew everywhere and the ground sank slightly, revealing the green grass hidden below the white.

Xuanyuan Wentian's robe flapped as the wind burst outward. He could feel how from behind him a person exerted constant pressure, and it was not necessary to turn around to know who that person was.

"Not bad." He nodded.

The two swords released sparks as they clashed amidst a steady trembling, one of them trying to press further and the other trying to prevent its counterpart from continuing its advance.

"However...."

Shangguan Bing Xue's expression changed slightly when she noticed that the sword of the man with his back to her took on a silvery radiance. She sensed danger so instead of continuing her assault immediately slipped to the side with ghostly agility.

A second later, Xuanyuan Wentian's sword followed the movement of his wrist and slashed in a wide arc, releasing a bright, thin silver light that quickly grew in size as it flew into the distance.

Shangguan Bing Xue followed with her eyes the silver light in the shape of a half-moon as it flew thousands of meters into the distance, finally disappearing beyond a partially snow-covered mountain.

Under her astonished eyes, as well as that of the disbelieving eyes of the troops watching the battle from a distance, the mountain began to tremble as the top half slowly slid down before finally slamming into the ground, causing the snow to blow and the earth to rumble.

BOOM!!!

"If that's all then I must say I will be truly disappointed, dear daughter."

Xuanyuan Wentian's voice was indifferent as he stood surrounded by silver lights that for every second that passed became stronger and stronger.

Shangguan Bing Xue gazed for a moment at the perfect cut in the distant mountain before turning to look at the man who looked like a sword god.

Her lips curved upward slightly and the edge of her blue eyes turned slightly red as her enchanting voice echoed amidst the rumbling of the surroundings.

"Don't worry... I can assure you that by the time this battle is over you will have no desire for more, dear father."

* * * * * * *