Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 771 - Unexpected situation change!

Xuanyuan Wentian was truly powerful, so powerful that his strength left the Transcendent faction troops watching his clash against Shangguan Bing Xue with their eyes filled with dread at the mere reminiscence that they were about to face that monster.

Even though 95% of them could not see anything clearly and the remaining 5% for the most part could only see two blurs constantly flickering everywhere, the resulting explosions and the sparks that were born from the collision of the two swords were enough signals for them to understand that getting close would be enough for their bodies to be cut into pieces.

The two had been fighting for about 5 minutes and the battlefield was a mess. There were deep gashes in the ground and huge walls of half-destroyed ice covered at least 2000 meters of what was once white snow.

Except for the armed soldiers who formerly belonged to New China and had no choice but to accept the rule of the Transcendent faction when the base fell, the soul evolvers who had fought on at least one battlefield together with Shangguan Bing Xue were in shock to see that even after so long the other side still managed to hold his ground against her.

Boom!!

After a new clash of swords and followed by a powerful explosion, the two figures that had been in a constant confrontation in what seemed to be a deadly sword dance finally broke apart.

The feet of Shangguan Bing Xue and Xuanyuan Wentian slid on the ice-covered ground as they glared at each other. Neither dared to be careless at this point, not after gauging the strength of the other party.

Lightning began to gather in the sky now covered by dark clouds, the snow falling from the sky became even heavier to the point where a normal person would have difficulty seeing 20 meters in front of them.

"Dear father, if you don't have something better under your sleeve.... then I'm afraid this will be your defeat.... Don't you think so?" Shangguan Bing Xue smiled sweetly and her voice was full of affection as if she was really talking to her most loved one and not someone she had been attacking with her sword and magic skills all this time.

Xuanyuan Wentian watched his daughter for a moment but subconsciously lowered his gaze after a few seconds and no longer dared to look at her directly.

Shangguan Bing Xue's body was brimming with charm all over. Her usually cold eyes seemed to have taken on the shape of fox eyes, her pupils were slightly moist as if she was enchanted by something, and the puckering of her lips and the tenderness in her voice were more than enough to drive anyone crazy regardless of whether they were male or female, saint or demon.

Forget about the fact that she was his daughter, Shangguan Bing Xue's charm had reached a dangerous level when she fully utilized the skill she had evolved last night, and for the past 5 minutes, she had not deactivated Charming Eyes even for a second.

If not for the fact that Xuanyuan Wentian had a will of steel he would have already thrown his sword aside and regardless of whether she was his daughter or not he would have tried to reach her body, which would naturally end up with his immediate defeat due to the poor defense.

Xuanyuan Wentian looked at his body, noticing a light layer of frost slowly forming on his limbs. Although he had tried to shake off that layer of frost, it was difficult to completely avoid it when the entire area they were fighting in was now an ice realm created by Shangguan Bing Xue.

His movement speed and attack speed had begun to drop over the past 60 seconds, Xuanyuan Wentian was certain that at this rate he would end up turning into a statue that would barely be able to move within 15 minutes.

"If you had elemental magical skills then you would be able to get out of this problem, if your physical skills were destructive then you would be able to shatter the entire ice realm I make.... However, all of your skills are related to your swordplay, aren't they?" Shangguan Bing Xue narrowed her eyes dangerously, but the charming smile on her face did not waver as she calmly whispered, "Your skills have high penetration and damage capabilities, but they are not capable of affecting length and breadth equally."

"... So, what with that?" Xuanyuan Wentian replied, his expression was calm as was his voice despite the seemingly unfavorable situation.

"Dear father, let me tell you a secret." Shangguan Bing Xue giggled like a little girl before her face cooled and she said in an indifferent voice, "Do you know the reason why I chose this style of combat? The reason why I specifically chose these skills despite having had the opportunity to learn more destructive ones?"

Xuanyuan Wentian narrowed her eyes, and she nodded even though he said nothing.

"It is just as you are thinking. You, a swordsman, can cut through any obstacle with ease and this is especially true with your personal ability. However, if there is one thing a swordsman cannot do, it is to fight for too long against skills that control your movements."

She smiled and said confidently, "My mass control skills plus my charm.... Are more than enough to put you down!"

Under Xuanyuan Wentian's surprised eyes, she snapped her fingers and a small magic circle that he didn't know when it had appeared there glowed on his left arm. In just an instant, his entire left arm was covered by a layer of ice.

However, this ice was a strange deep blue color instead of silver. Moreover, to the even greater disbelief of the ex-China president, he was unable to destroy this ice despite trying in various ways and it did not take him long to realize that he would need at least a whole day to remove it unless he was willing to cut off his entire arm!

Xuanyuan Wentian looked at Shangguan Bing Xue and asked, still keeping calm.

"When did you leave that magic circle skill on my arm?"

He was really curious regarding this matter. This was because Xuanyuan Wentian was an expert in all kinds of martial arts and his sense of his own body had reached a realm simply too high, it was hard for him to accept that someone had put something on him without him noticing it.

"I simply put it down when I touched your arm earlier." Shangguan Bing Xue revealed. Seeing the confused expression on the face of the man in front of her, her lips curved into a smile of pure disdain as she said in an affectionate voice, "Could it be that the ever cold and indifferent Lord President who rarely pays attention to women was too distracted looking at his own daughter hence he didn't even notice when she put a trap on his own arm?"

Xuanyuan Wentian's face sank and for the first time in a long time, his indifferent eyes began to fill with anger. Even though he knew that what his daughter was seeking was to disrupt his emotional state by saying those words, there were things that could not be tolerated even by saints much less someone as proud as him.

"You... Brat... How dare you..."

Suddenly, the silver lights that surrounded Xuanyuan Wentian's body and protected him from all kinds of attacks within a certain power range or attacked approaching enemies as long as they did not exceed a certain level began to rush into his body. His silhouette quickly took on a faint silver radiance and his sword began to tremble as it glowed brightly.

Boom!

Xuanyuan Wentian charged forward and his speed nearly doubled as did his strength.

Shangguan Bing Xue's lips curved into a disdainful smile and at the same time, she activated Lightning Movement, Frozen Slide, Frost Rebuff.... In just a split second, multiple skills that boosted her Agility, magic attack power, physical attack power, defense, and above all lethality in her attacks, were activated one after another without her worrying about excessive Mana consumption.

When Xuanyuan Wentian's eyes met Shangguan Bing Xue's for a moment, he could not help but feel marveled and subconsciously slowed down the speed of his slash as well as the power behind it.

Shangguan Bing Xue on the other hand showed no mercy. She parried her father's sword and counterattacked immediately, but Xuanyuan Wentian was clearly superior to her not only with the sword but also in martial arts as even under the constant effect of her charm he managed to defend and counterattack.

Two flickering flashes amidst constant explosions were all the others could see in the distance.

Every clash between Shangguan Bing Xue and Xuanyuan Wentian was accompanied by air bubbles bursting outward, flying sparks, slashing sword energy, and all kinds of flying ice weapons.

The speed at which the two moved and attacked was so high that after 5 minutes the explosions seemed to merge together to form a single rumble that shook the earth like an earthquake.

The previous landscape that was incredibly appealing to the eye had been completely destroyed at this point.

The mountains in the distance had been cut down and toppled by the stray sword energy that flew everywhere every time Xuanyuan Wentian activated a skill. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

The beautiful white snow had been sealed under cold hard ice, several layers of thick ice resulting from the hundreds of thousands of ice weapons Shangguan Bing Xue had created to attack or keep her opponent's movements at bay.

The lightning in the sky was getting stronger and the snowstorm had worsened to the point where the soldiers had no choice but to get into the vehicles to avoid freezing to death. The soul evolvers even had to hold on tightly to the modified vehicles that were shaking and shuddering in the fierce wind to avoid being sent flying.

After five minutes of the battle had resumed, Shangguan Bing Xue and Xuanyuan Wentian broke apart again.

Xuanyuan Wentian had begun to pant heavily and the hand holding his sword was trembling while his still frozen left arm hung to the side heavily. Half of his body was covered with several layers of ice, every time he clashed with Shangguan Bing Xue's sword he noticed how his movement and attack speed dropped as a result of the rapidly expanding ice lingering on him.

Shangguan Bing Xue's chest was rising and falling slightly, she was clearly in better condition than her father. However, there were several bloody cuts on her body and although the armor that Bai Zemin and Meng Qi had made for her was tremendously powerful its durability had dropped below 1000 points so it would not last long at this rate. Moreover, she could feel an invading cutting-type energy assaulting the inside of her body, forcing her to divert her attention in the middle of the battle.

The two of them were very, very surprised.

Regardless of whether it was Shangguan Bing Xue or Xuanyuan Wentian, this was the first time someone at a level practically equal to theirs could stand up to them like this.

Shangguan Bing Xue knew that this was not going to be an easy battle, from the very beginning she was aware of that. However, she did not expect that even after having used practically all of her trump cards she was still not able to take the complete victory.

On the other hand, Xuanyuan Wentian was in shock when he realized that at this rate the one who would lose would definitely be him.

He could not accept it! Lose? Him? No one had even come remotely close to defeating him ever! He was going to lose to someone from the younger generation? Xuanyuan Wentian couldn't accept it! Especially with the girl in front of him!

Just then, Xuanyuan Wentian noticed his illegitimate daughter's eyes slowly widen as she looked past him. That was when he finally noticed a presence just a step behind him and his face turned as pale as a sheet when he identified the aura of that existence.

Someone who had given him countless headaches for months had finally taken advantage of this moment to ambush him!

* * * * * * *