Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 772 - Shangguan Xinyue!

Sensing the presence behind him, the first thing Xuanyuan Wentian instinctively tried to do was to move to the side while slashing with his sword in a wide diagonal arc. However, to his surprise and horror, what Xuanyuan Wentian found when he tried to move his body was that although he was not completely frozen, his actual mobility had dropped to the point where his Agility stat was only there for show but unable to be used properly!

The ex-Chinese president barely had any time despite his high reaction speed and reflexes. Out of pure combat instinct rooted deep in his soul, Xuanyuan Wentian leaned his body as far as he could to the right.

Unfortunately, he soon felt deep, sharp pain transmitting to his brain from his left arm and looking down he saw a delicate and beautiful snow-white hand clearly belonging to a woman piercing past the ice imprisoning his limb.

"Damn it!!!"

For the first time, Xuanyuan Wentian completely lost his temper when he saw those black fingernails stained with his blood dripping onto the ice.

How could he keep his calm knowing that he had seconds before his life would be over?!!!!

"Redemption!"

Xuanyuan Wentian's frustrated and furious shout accompanied the end of his right arm swing, causing the edge of his sword to take on a deep silver color filled with sword energy strange to understand let alone learn.

The unexpected enemy naturally already knew well how dangerous Xuanyuan Wentian was. She did not linger after managing to inflict a piercing wound on the man and at the first moment of danger her body turned into a whirlwind of wind and snow.

The golden flash of light blasted out from Xuanyuan Wentian's sword once he finished the slashing motion, soaring into the sky and cutting the clouds along with the crackling lightning in two.

The power of that attack was definitely terrifying to the point that even a peak Third Order existence would have to be very careful if it didn't want to be cut to pieces. Unfortunately, it was no use having a powerful attack if you couldn't hit your enemy.

Xuanyuan Wentian kicked the ground hard in an attempt to put distance and in an instant he was hundreds of meters away from his previous position. Looking down and seeing the red blood running in and out of the cracked purple ice, Xuanyuan Wentian realized that with each passing second more and more of his blood was turning black as ink.

Looking ahead with eyes filled with murderous intent, Xuanyuan Wentian's gaze met the silhouette of an incredibly beautiful woman standing a little over 700 meters distant.

This woman was stunningly beautiful, appearing to be around 18-19 years old at most and both her face and small body were practically perfect to the point where it would be hard to find a single blemish in her creation.

She was surrounded by countless snowflakes swirling around her lovely body under what appeared to be a distinctly unnatural whirlwind. With a pure white dress covering just below her knees and exposing her slender arms, the woman's all-white hair danced softly behind her back as she looked up with bright red eyes at Xuanyuan Wentian with an amused smile.

"You finally got careless."

Her voice sounded sweet and soft, even amidst the thunder of lightning in the sky and the wind swirling around her, there were no impediments for everyone to hear it.

"I've been waiting for this moment."

Xuanyuan Wentian gritted his teeth and with a glint of viciousness shining in his eyes, he did not hesitate as he slashed with his sword. However, his target was not the woman who had just appeared.

His target was his left arm!Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

From the shoulder down, the entire left arm was cut clean off and red blood partially dyed with ink-black bathed the ground at the same time as Xuanyuan Wentian's roar spread across the frozen plains.

He had no choice but to do it!

This was because the woman before him was a Third Order zombie, and even though from the Second Order onwards humans could use their pure mana to fight against the wild and invading mana, this was only possible with scratches but not with deep piercings like the one he had just suffered!

"Xinyue, you bastard! I'll rip your head off even if it's the last thing I do in this life!"

This time without holding back at all and with true killing intent unlike his previous fight against his daughter, Xuanyuan Wentian's body was surrounded by a faint pale blue light.

Boom!!!

His Agility stat had increased by over 400 points after activating his Unhindered skill. At the same time, all natural wind pressure was no longer an obstacle to his movements, and the ice hindering his limbs was completely cleared away as he dashed forward at lightning speed.

"You weren't able to achieve your words in your best condition... What makes you think you'll be able to achieve it now?"

Despite her words, the woman called Xinyue did not dare to take lightly the man charging towards her abandoning all defense and focusing entirely on attack. After so many battles, she knew that Xuanyuan Wentian was a terrifying man.

She waved her left hand and the surrounding winds quickly blew her away from the ground; ground which was cut in two halves by Xuanyuan Wentian's sword, opening a crack at least 400 meters deep and 1500 meters long.

At the same time, as she moved back from the deadly danger, the Agility of the Third Order zombie named Xinyue increased and let her slender body that made her look even younger than her real age be carried away by the wind. She waved her right hand and pointed towards the sky as she called out in a sweet voice:

"Electric Scourge."

The purple and deep blue lightning flashes in the sky crackled at her call, and in an instant began to scourge the earth as if they were the divine punishment sent by the thunder god of Greek mythology.

Xuanyuan Wentian moved in irregular patterns, sometimes advancing and sometimes retreating as he tried his best to avoid the thin but terrifying lightning strikes that tried to hunt him down.

BOOM!!! BOOM!!! BOOM!!! BOOM!!! BOOM!!! BOOM!!! BOOM!!! BOOM!!! BOOM!

Although the lightning strikes were the thickness of a normal human arm at most, the power behind each of them was terrifying. Several black holes appeared on the cracked ice, not only piercing the ice but also forming large craters of at least 50 meters each on the ground for each lash raining down from the sky.

Xuanyuan Wentian slashed with his sword and managed to shatter at least 60% of the lightning aimed at him, but it was hard to fight against thousands and thousands of lightning raining down from the sky at a ghostly speed. Not to mention the fact that the current he wasn't nearly at his best and the anger blinding his reasoning didn't help much in his current situation.

Shangguan Bing Xue watched the confrontation between the two people, frozen on her feet with her eyes wide open. Her eyes moved automatically with every movement of the Third Order zombie, her heart beating so fiercely that even amidst the crackling lightning that lashed the world from the sky she could hear it pounding against her chest.

Only the gods were perhaps aware of how many times Shangguan Bing Xue had prayed despite her lack of faith in them. Only the gods perhaps were aware of how many times her coldness melted with hot tears that rained down on her face and soaked her pillow during the cold nights of the apocalypse.

Only the gods were perhaps aware of how much she longed to see her mother again, the woman who practically gave up her happiness, her life, and her future for the sole purpose of providing her with the best possible education and the best possible future.

Now, Shangguan Bing Xue finally found her mother.

She was alive.

However, Shangguan Bing Xue could not feel happy.... Because when she looked at those two blood-red eyes on her mother's practically teenage face and when she noticed the ink-black nails on her perfectly white hands, it was not hard to understand that Shangguan Xinyue had turned into a zombie.

How many zombies had Shangguan Bing Xue faced so far? Simply too many to count.

Unclassified, First Order, Second Order, and even a Third Order zombie... Shangguan Bing Xue had her fair share of experience and knowledge of them to understand that mankind and zombies were destined enemies that could not coexist on the same ground and under the same sky.

"Electric World."

Shangguan Xinyue's voice brought Shangguan Bing Xue out of her inner thoughts, and when she came to herself, she realized that the battle had probably been going on for a few minutes.

As proof, the ice realm she had created with her Ice Maker skill to limit and freeze the agility of the swordsman named Xuanyuan Wentian, her father, was now completely shattered.

Instead of an ice realm, what Shangguan Bing Xue saw was a world of white snow and millions of tiny neon purple and bright blue lightning snakes crackling everywhere.

"Your attack power and speed have always been high, you probably have the highest piercing power in all of China.... But your defense and other stats are pitiful in comparison, just as my beloved girl mentioned minutes ago."

Amidst the howling wind, crackling lightning, and whistling snow, Shangguan Xinyue's sweet voice resounded, devoid of anger or desire for revenge.

Xuanyuan Wentian's eyes were bloodshot as he clenched his teeth so tightly that a trickle of blood silently trailed down each side of his mouth. His body trembled as the electricity traveled through his nerves to his brain with the intention of frying it, the pain was unbearable but as he looked at the woman who kept that little girl smile on her face all he could feel was anger and burning rage and hatred.

Shangguan Xinyue went on to ignore Xuanyuan Wentian and let his body be consumed bit by bit. She turned to look at Shangguan Bing Xue who was standing frozen in the distance, a gentle sparkle glistened in her red eyes as she walked towards her.

"Bing Xue, my child... I've been gathering soldiers in order to come and get you."

Her voice was truly kind and sweet, making it impossible to keep one's guard up against someone who had such an angelic expression on her youthful face.

Shangguan Bing Xue's emotions were too chaotic to think things through too much. Not only had she nearly defeated the man she hated most in the world, but her mother mysteriously appeared on the battlefield that belonged to her, except that her mother was no longer human.

Shangguan Xinyue approached step by step as she continued to speak gently and lovingly, "You have become really powerful.... So powerful and beautiful. You are my greatest pride, you know that, don't you?"

Shangguan Bing Xue's lips moved and a small choked sound came out of her throat as she tried to say something. Her words were suppressed by her emotional state, so she just stared frozen and with tears at the edges of her eyes about to spill over as her mother stopped an arm's length ahead.

Shangguan Xinyue looked into the eyes of the girl who looked older than her even though she was the mother, a consequence of her small body.

She extended her right hand gently forward as she whispered lovingly, "Come.... Now that we have finally reunited, let's never be separated again. Okay?"

Shangguan Bing Xue subconsciously nodded. How could she reject her own mother? The only family she had.

Even as she noticed Shangguan Xinyue's dark fingernails glowing, Shangguan Bing Xue seemed to forget the consequences of being injured by a zombie, and without moving watched as her mother's hand moved to her shoulder.

Shangguan Bing Xue felt the space around her shake, but she was too focused on her mother's eyes to care about anything else. She only awoke when something appeared in her line of sight, followed immediately after by a spurt of hot red blood splashing over the side of her face and armor.

* * * * * * *