Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 778 - Activating the title 'lrregular'

Bai Zemin ran practically without holding back his Agility at all. With Lightning Movement and with the effect of his boots still active, his total Agility at this moment was 1235 points, therefore, to the eyes of any normal human or soul evolver below level 40, Bai Zemin's body would appear to be teleporting a distance of approximately 200 meters per second if one were watching him.

The weather was bitterly cold, but thanks to his physique improved by the constant absorption of Soul Power, such temperatures were nothing to him. However, things were different now considering that Bai Zemin was running at high speeds and the blood-chilling wind was hugging him tightly as if to turn him into an ice statue.

Fortunately for him, however, his cloak that contained large amounts of fire-like energy from a Third Order flame kept his surroundings warm so despite the freezing cold Bai Zemin's movement speed was not affected at all and every step he took was perfect to propel him forward with more vigor.

After running approximately 200 kilometers, Bai Zemin stopped to look back. Even though he had moved far enough away, that feeling of uneasiness was still with him.

After several seconds, he looked straight ahead and said in a tired voice, "Hey, Lilith."

"Mm?"

Although there was no one in sight, a woman's light humming sounded amidst the white snow. From the sky, there was only a red dot standing in the middle of nowhere with strong winds blowing in a constant but failed attempt to knock it down.

"That dog surnamed Xuanyuan is no longer here, isn't he?"

More than a question, Bai Zemin's tone of voice was brimming with certainty. He simply wanted to confirm that remaining 0.01% of doubt.

"Mhm, he is no longer in Haidian District at all."

Bai Zemin nodded, not at all surprised at Lilith's confirmation. A moment later, he looked up at the sky and sighed.

"Damn... Why do bad things always happen to me?"

"... That's because the strong and talented are always surrounded by bad fortune."

"Heh... In light novels, the talented ones are always accompanied by good luck, the favorite children of heaven."

"The greater the talent of an existence the greater the number of adversities it will face. Fate and the universe itself will do anything to try to break it down for fear of being overpowered."

An existence that overcame the laws of the universe and fate itself was a godly existence that could destroy everything at will. Life or death in its hands, the true emperor of the cosmos.

Not to mention the fact of how difficult it was to reach such a level of power, even if one really managed to overcome the universe, fate, and the laws that governed them.... Was it really that easy to exist in a place that was theoretically weaker than you? A human couldn't live inside a shoebox after all, the size didn't allow it.

For an instant, Bai Zemin felt as if he had discovered something but that flash disappeared as soon as it appeared, probably a consequence of the situation he was in.

After several seconds, he stretched his body and said in a flat voice, "Well, it's not like I'm going to die because of this anyway."

"... I guess you're right."

Lilith's voice reached him. A moment later, she asked, "What are you going to do now, though? I guess you already have an idea of what's going to happen, don't you?"

"That dog surnamed Xuanyuan will surely fire a missile over here." Bai Zemin sneered. A flash of anger shone in his eyes as he said in a low voice, "Really, calling that fellow a dog is disrespectful to dogs. Even dogs don't abandon or do anything to hurt their cubs."

Lilith said nothing, and Bai Zemin continued.

"But, it's okay... Even though this is a backlash I didn't expect, it's not like I didn't see it coming completely."

"... Just in case but let me remind you that if you are hit by a nuke you will definitely die. Even with the third activation of your skill Blood Manipulation still active your physical body won't be able to resist the blast power.... And even if you manage to resist the explosion, the radiation will consume you from the inside with every breath."

"I am aware of that." Bai Zemin nodded.

In the past, he had broken the Earth's space barrier when he carelessly used his enemy's magic power, the power of his enemy's skill, his own magic power, and the power of the Endless Blue Lotus Flame to create a giant fireball. Bai Zemin nor anyone else knew if a nuclear bomb could do such a thing, after all, when the nuclear bomb exploded it wiped out everything in its path so there was no way to observe what happened in the core of the impact.

However, the reason why the space barrier was broken back then was not only due to the power of the attack but also because that attack contained magic and mana that devoured the mana and magic that protected the Earth. Therefore, comparing that attack to a nuclear bomb was not too wise from the point of view of world laws.

Now, the problem at hand was what to do...

Attack the nuclear missile in mid-flight? It was out of the question. This was because the area of effect of a nuclear bomb was too wide, and even if the blast wave only extended for about 200 kilometers the radiation would extend for at least 1500 kilometers, and considering how strong the winds were blowing the speed would be way too fast.

Bai Zemin's troops and people he cared about were less than 300 kilometers from where he was. In short, the radiation would devour them without even understanding what happened.

Stop the missile in mid-flight? Impossible, that would cause the nuclear warhead to explode immediately.

Redirect it? If Bai Zemin could fly, he could match the speed of the missile and very carefully deviate its trajectory. Unfortunately, he could not fly through the skies to accomplish such a thing. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"... I hope it's not an intercontinental missile or a hypersonic one." Bai Zemin muttered as he prepared himself.

Watching him create a blood platform and slowly rise into the sky, Lilith asked curiously, "What are you going to do?"

"Well, I'll try to misdirect the missile... but I'll just try." Bai Zemin said as he narrowed his eyes to fight against the fierce wind. "However, this will be my first time facing something like this so I have no idea how it will turn out. If I sense that something is about to go wrong then I will have no choice but to use my Irregular title to take the missile with me away from here."

At the end of the day, the power contained in a nuclear bomb was comparable to the power of Bai Zemin's Crimson Blood Judgment skill coupled with the Endless Blue Lotus Flame. Could he withstand the power of his own skill? The answer was no, therefore, he could not take the power of a nuclear bomb either and could only try to misdirect it.

As for whether Bai Zemin was successful or not.... Honestly, he was not even 50% confident.

Approximately 2 minutes later, Bai Zemin narrowed his eyes and a flame of anger burned in his chest as he looked into the distance. Although he already knew what would happen, seeing it directly was completely different.

"Xuanyuan Wentian, I swear on my life that if I, Bai Zemin, come back from this I will definitely make you pay me back with interest!"

His roar was filled with anger and frustration as he watched the bright object flying directly towards him.

Nuclear missile! That crazy bastard had actually launched it! He hadn't even cared about the fact that his daughter was there!

Bai Zemin quickly controlled the blood platform after calculating the trajectory of the missile, however, he quickly realized that something was wrong with the weapon.

"Why is the missile falling so fast..." He muttered with his eyes wide open as he watched the dot in the distance begin to fall at a clearly abnormal speed.

It was then that something hit him.

"Fuck!!!"

The world's gravity had increased and the force at which the missiles were launched had not been changed. It was obvious that with the Earth's gravity multiplied by 3 and without increasing the firing force the trajectory and the target would change!

Bai Zemin quickly made the blood platform move forward, his body wobbled and there were several times when he almost fell. In fact, if not for the fact that he had used several blood wires to bind himself he would definitely have fallen down from the sky.

Swoosh!

Just as the missile passed a few meters from him, Bai Zemin felt the heat burning his face. However, his eyes were filled with resolve as he waved his left hand and used a blood chain that quickly curled around the missile.

"Ugh!"

Bai Zemin felt the muscles in his left arm tear as his body was suddenly carried backwards at over 1000 kilometers per hour. However, he did not let go of the blood chain and slowly began to climb towards the top of the missile.

"Shit, this daddy really misses the times when he just needed to sit in class and listen to the teachers babbling for hours!"

Five months ago, he was just an ordinary student working to pay his own daily expenses.

Five months later, he was over 2000 meters up in the air being dragged while using a blood chain to get on a nuclear missile.

Who said life would always be boring?

In just three or four seconds, Bai Zemin reached the top of the missile and quickly got to work after securing his position in order not to fall off.

The first thing he did was to try to change the trajectory of the missile using raw power, however, Bai Zemin quickly gave up on this idea when he noticed how his hands were sinking into the missile. More pressure and the nuclear warhead inside could explode, Bai Zemin did not dare to gamble with this considering that the slightest mistake would turn his body into a pile of ashes.

As for using blood chains to turn the missile... it was impossible unless Bai Zemin could accurately calculate the trajectory of the missile, as well as its speed at every instant. Otherwise, the blood chain and his Strength would become an obstacle to the weapon and that would cause the bomb to detonate.

"Lilith! What do you think will happen if I use Gravity Manipulation in reverse and try to push this damn thing into the sky?!" shouted Bai Zemin when the missile was less than 800 meters from the ground.

He was getting closer to where his army was, but the missile would definitely fall several kilometers sooner due to the world's increased gravity. He needed a solution immediately but he also couldn't rush unless he wanted to die.... This was truly a time when brute strength, the path he walked, was of no use.

"Don't do it! If you alter the missile's gravity like that you will definitely cause the sensor inside to detect it as an obstacle and will explode!" Lilith shouted in an anxious voice as she followed the missile closely.

She was so scared that her face was white... but she knew there was little she could do in this kind of circumstance!

Earth's natural gravity had already affected the missile like this, there was no doubt that if Bai Zemin used Gravity Manipulation in reverse to lift the missile into the sky the intelligent sensor would notice it, and that would trigger the detonation of the nuclear bomb.

Bai Zemin stood up on the missile, and as he looked into the distance he couldn't help but sigh.

He could now see small dots in the distance, a sign that he was approaching the location of Shangguan Bing Xue and the rest of the human troops who at this point could surely see the missile flying towards them. As if this was not enough, the altitude of the missile had dropped below 600 meters and it would be a matter of seconds before it impacted the ground.

"So... it turned out that there was only one option from the start, didn't it?"

In the distance, Shangguan Bing Xue had finally reunited with her mother. At this point, Shangguan Xinyue had regained her humanity and it seemed that her personality had returned to normal.

However, the two women were powerful existences, and therefore, mother and daughter noticed the imminent danger looming ahead of them.

It was then when a circular black door appeared in the sky.

Shangguan Bing Xue's pupils contracted and her eyes trembled as she remembered the words Bai Zemin had said to her long ago.... About that title that allowed him to travel across worlds.

* * * * * * *