Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 780 - Problems of "visiting" a new world

After an unknown lapse of time, Bai Zemin finally regained consciousness of himself.

He had no idea if it had been days, months, years, or if he had only been out of action for a couple of minutes. However, there was something Bai Zemin did know even without opening his eyes.

'Looks like someone found me in that forest.' Bai Zemin thought to himself, still keeping his eyes closed and controlling his breathing to pretend he was sleeping at the moment.

As for why he knew someone had found him? The answer was very simple.

Bai Zemin could feel that he was lying in a comfortable, soft, and fluffy place; very different from the feeling that sleeping on the ground transmitted. Not to mention the fact that Bai Zemin could not feel his plate armor and instead was dressed in silk clothing, clearly of a fairly high quality considering that it flowed over the skin smoothly and did not cause itching or discomfort at all.

Another reason why he was sure that someone had found him unconscious in the forest and carried him to a safe place was the fact that Bai Zemin felt no wind blowing over his face or body, a clear sign that he was inside a room or a cave at the very least.

'It's a good thing I still have my rings and the rest of my treasures.' Bai Zemin sighed a sigh of relief in his heart.

He could feel that except for his cloak, armor, shoulder pads, able, leg guards, gloves, and boots; all of his equipment was in place. Even his space storage ring had not been removed and was still there, much to his relief.

Otherwise there was no way for Bai Zemin to remain calmly with his eyes closed.

As for why he did not open his eyes? This was because Bai Zemin first wanted to confirm a few things before letting whoever had helped him know that he had regained consciousness. Even though there didn't seem to be anyone around at the moment, Bai Zemin couldn't rule out the fact that there were cameras inside the room.

'Better to be safe now than sorry later.' He silently said to himself as he inspected his soul carefully.

Bai Zemin was a distrustful person by nature, in the past he was like that not to mention now that he was in a completely new world where except for Lilith who could not physically intervene with the affairs of Lower Existences there was no one he could trust.

Even if this unknown person helped him to leave the forest, preventing some mutant beast from attacking him while he was unconscious, the heart of intelligent creatures was a mystery and one could never be sure of the inner thoughts of the other party.

A few minutes later, Bai Zemin had finally finished checking his current condition, and after knowing his situation he couldn't help but grimace even with his strong willpower. However, it was no wonder.

Six percent of his soul was still wounded, which meant that before Bai Zemin opened his eyes his condition was even more miserable than this. As if that wasn't enough, because his soul was wounded and his stats were down, the deep wounds in the muscles of his body, especially his legs, had yet to heal completely.

The stats, the records that represented the totality of an existence, came from the soul power of each individual. If the soul was injured then the stats would drop accordingly until the soul recovered and this would naturally hinder the physical body.

Bai Zemin estimated that unless he received care from a healer with him using Overlap Regeneration, he would need at least a week to recover. Besides, this week would have to be a very relaxed week without too much heavy fighting or else that time would be extended.

'There's no way I would use Overlap Regeneration in front of strangers.' Bai Zemin wanted to cry but he had no tears to shed at the same time as his anger towards Xuanyuan Wentian grew more and more.

If he didn't make Xuanyuan Wentian pay him back then Bai Zemin would stop calling himself a man! Even if the other party was Shangguan Bing Xue's father and Bai Zemin did not kill him on her account, Xuanyuan Wentian would certainly experience her wrath and Bai Zemin would make sure that the man would never be able to eat anything but liquid again for the rest of his future miserable life!

That depended on whether Shangguan Bing Xue didn't kill him before Bai Zemin returned to Earth, of course.

'Should I return immediately?' thought Bai Zemin to himself.

The Irregular title had a cooldown time of 1 year, however, that cooldown was for traveling to another world since if Bai Zemin wanted to he could return to his birth world immediately 1 time per activation. However, if he wanted to do that then he would not have crossed the portal and simply let the nuclear missile go through the gate to the other world instead of going himself as well.

With such a long cooldown time, Bai Zemin knew that a lot would happen in that 1 year span before he could use the activation of his Irregular title again. At least from his point of view, it was wise to take a good look at the new world and see if there was anything to learn from or perhaps objects to bring back to Earth that would help with the development of his faction and the future of mankind in general.

Bai Zemin had left many resources behind, and with powerhouses like Shangguan Bing Xue, Shangguan Xinyue, Feng Tian Wu, Chen He, Feng Hong, and all the other Second Order soul evolvers, as well as First Order soul evolvers with especially pure Soul Power, should be fine even in the second evolutionary stage of Earth.

Bai Zemin had decided that, depending on the situation, he could stay in this new world for days, weeks, up to a maximum of three months. Three months later, at the most, he would return to Earth to conquer China.

He believed that in that time span, he would manage to complete the rest of the requirements of his evolution to the Second Order in this new world. After all, just as the description of his Irregular title stated, this should be a world more suitable for the current Bai Zemin.

'It's a pity that I won't be able to meet Xian Mei'er within the time she marked, but given the circumstances I don't have much of a choice.'

Just as Bai Zemin was thinking about the meeting that should occur in two weeks' time, if those two weeks had not already passed while he was unconscious, the sound of the door opening reached his ears and he hurriedly pretended to be asleep.

The sound of delicate footsteps accompanied by the sweet fragrance of natural flowers, as well as the sound of what seemed to be long hair caressing the silk of a dress were the first things Bai Zemin heard after the door was closed again.

'Woman.' He reasoned secretly.

The other party was silent for a few seconds before she finally spoke. Her voice was very sweet and pleasant to listen to, delicate and she was clearly a person who had received a lot of education judging by her intonation.

Unfortunately...

"%/&(#@€...."

It was hard for Bai Zemin to keep his expression unchanged when he finally remembered a problem he had forgotten about....

'Damn it! How the hell am I going to communicate with the inhabitants of this world if I don't even understand a word of their language!'

Bai Zemin was not Meng Qi who possessed a cheating skill, and this world was certainly not Oblon World, which in turn meant that the dominant race of these lands was certainly not the asura race that had the ability to learn the language of others after acquiring multiple records after killing enemies!Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Just at that moment, Bai Zemin's eyes snapped open and he subconsciously caught the hand that was moving towards his face. This had been a completely involuntary movement, his body had moved on its own due to the distrust of being in an unfamiliar environment with no one to trust nearby.

His cold midnight black eyes met two beautiful emerald eyes that looked at him with surprise, causing Bai Zemin to weaken his grip after realizing his mistake. This brief exchange lasted only a second as the other party quickly broke free, and at the same time, as she took several steps back, a shrill shriek rang through the room.

"Ah!"

'... At least she screams just like Earth girls do when they see a cockroach.'' The corner of Bai Zemin's mouth twitched a couple of times as he looked at the person in front of him looking at him as if looking at an alien.

This girl was very attractive and at the same time young as she appeared to be between 15 and 17 years old at most, however, what confirmed her age was her hairstyle. The girl's long bright golden hair was tied in two tails that somehow made her look quite childish but cute at the same time.

Bai Zemin knew it had been his mistake to scare the girl in front of him, therefore, he tried to smile as kindly as he could and raised both hands in a sign of peace as he said in a gentle voice, "I'm sorry, it wasn't my-"

It was then that Bai Zemin remembered that no matter what he said, the girl in front of him would not understand.

Indeed, when the girl with two ponytails heard the strange words coming out of Bai Zemin's mouth she stopped her high-pitched shriek. She frowned and looked at him in confusion for a moment before speaking.

"@%&¬€?"

"..." Bai Zemin looked at her with a dead expression on his face before sighing. He shook his head and despite knowing the conclusion still spoke, "I'm sorry, I don't understand anything of what you're saying to me."

The girl's expression became a bit serious and she seemed to be thinking about something as she remained silent for almost two full minutes. However, she did not keep her eyes on Bai Zemin as for some reason it seemed to him that she felt uncomfortable, presumably due to being with a stranger of the opposite sex in a room.

Finally, she waved her hand at him while saying some words that Bai Zemin naturally did not understand at all. Fortunately, however, the gesture she made with her hand was something that people on Earth often used.

Bai Zemin used the index and middle fingers of his right hand to simulate the legs of a person walking, and at the same time he wiggled those two fingers of his right hand he pointed at the girl with his other hand as he said in an uncertain voice, "Do you want me to follow you?"

The girl's eyes lit up and her face showed obvious emotion. She nodded repeatedly and a really very pretty smile adorned her face, making even Bai Zemin couldn't help but feel calmer.

Before getting out of bed, Bai Zemin confirmed under the sheets that he was properly dressed and it was only after that he removed the blankets covering his body. He looked at his body and realized that was wearing a gray long-sleeved shirt and long pants, the material was silk but it was definitely a very delicate and high-quality one.

In fact, now that he had finally calmed down a bit and looked around, Bai Zemin realized that the place he was in was quite luxurious.

The room was very spacious, the king-size bed with the neatly arranged white silk canopy was located on the left side relatively close to the door while on the right side of the room there was a wide red carpet covering the floor where a big couch of the same color pointed in the direction of the wood-burning stove. Again on the right side, facing the king-size bed, a large window leading to what seemed to be a balcony was covered by pure white silk curtains.

Besides, now that Bai Zemin had a better look at the girl in front of him, it was clear that at the very least she had a rather high status in this city.

She was wearing a long silk dress with ruffles, it was similar to the classic clothing seen on Earth's noblewomen during medieval times but not as exaggerated and more volatile. Moreover, even though the dress looked rather simple, Bai Zemin noticed that it was definitely a magic dress as he could feel the mana surrounding the piece.

'Hehe... This daddy is finally living the life of a light novel main character.' Bai Zemin mentally rubbed his hands together as he stood up, preparing to follow the girl who was looking at him for some reason somewhat annoyed.

* * * * * * *