Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 799 Fate Eyes and Fate Partner

Inside the inn for which Bai Zemin had paid five times the price for a room for the sake of consuming the fruit he obtained from his reward after accepting the request from an important noble of Bearcrest City since all the rooms had been occupied due to the existence of the competition of kingdoms being held this time in the Gales Kingdom.

This place that until about 30 minutes ago was so crowded that even walking up the stairs was a bit challenging due to the large number of soul evolvers that had traveled either from other kingdoms or from other towns and cities of the Gales Kingdom was now almost completely empty.

Most had rushed out in disarray approximately thirty minutes ago while the vast minority had locked themselves in different rooms. Although they knew that these inns would not be able to withstand the attack of a powerful soul evolver, they felt safer here since their eyes could not see what was happening outside; basically, they were self-deluding themselves.

In one of the rooms located on the third floor, Bai Zemin was lying on a quite normal-looking bed.

His body was frozen and even his mouth was closed. Except for his eyes that wandered around with extreme caution, his entire being was in exactly the same position it had been in when the effect of the Fresh Soul Fruit began to nourish his damaged soul.

The first 30 minutes had been smooth and uneventful, as it was supposed to be. However, it was clear that Bai Zemin's luck had been bad this time as exactly 30 minutes later, the ground began to shake and the sound of explosions accompanied by what was unmistakable war cries made his heart clench in his chest.

'What the hell is going on outside?' Bai Zemin thought warily.

At the moment he was nothing more than a lamb waiting to be slaughtered in the eyes of many, however, Bai Zemin wasn't that worried since as long as no Second Order soul evolvers appeared no one could hurt him badly even if he didn't move for a few minutes. The real problem was another one.

'Bearcrest City had been bustling but peaceful until now. The competition of kingdoms should be ending today... Could it be that a war broke out among the kingdoms?' Bai Zemin could only surmise such a thing based on the information at his disposal.

It wasn't until several minutes later when Lilith returned to inform him about the demon race's attack that Bai Zemin finally understood what was going on. However, there was something he did not understand.

Were the demons stupid o.... Were they too confident?

From a certain point of view, this was a terrible time to attack. After all, the 49 strongest soul evolvers of the human race were gathered here.

At the same time, however, this was a good time to attack. If the demons succeeded, then the human forces would suffer a catastrophic fall to say the least. With the loss of those who held the race together, the demons would find no obstacles really difficult to overcome and it would be a matter of time before all the kingdoms would fall.

Unfortunately, Bai Zemin could not speak, therefore, it was impossible for him to ask Lilith his doubts.

Time advanced as slowly as a snail crawling over bumpy terrain.

The only thing that let Bai Zemin sigh in relief was the fact that although the explosions were getting fiercer and fiercer, the demon army did not seem to be advancing.

Bearcrest City was really huge, otherwise it would be impossible for millions to live there along with the fact that millions from other kingdoms came to see up close the competition of kingdoms that occurred only once every 15 years.

Even with his Agility and movement speed, the inn he was at was about 12-13 minutes away from the north gate where the loudest explosions were coming from, therefore and at least for now, Bai Zemin was safe.

Finally, 30 minutes later, he regained the ability to move and with a jump he got out of the bed that at this moment felt more like a prison. Simultaneously, a message flashed in his retina.

[All natural stats +120 permanently.]

"Mm?" Bai Zemin blinked in surprise.

Was that increase due to the fruit consumed? Bai Zemin wasn't quite sure but it was the only plausible explanation.

Besides, his soul only needed to be healed by 4% more to be at 100% while the Fresh Soul Fruit healed a fixed 5%. Maybe that remaining percentage was what gave Bai Zemin that not-so-small increase in stats but he couldn't be too sure either.

Be that as it may and with time against him, Bai Zemin quickly left the inn destroying the glass window directly. He jumped onto one of the highest roofs in the area and quickly looked around, noticing that indeed the most affected area seemed to be the north since that was where the most terrifying explosions were coming from. Bai Zemin even noticed a lot of smoke rising into the sky and a part of the city had already been razed to the ground.

"That brat better is alright or I'll never be able to forgive myself." Bai Zemin sighed, and as he let himself fall to the ground from gravity, he activated Lightning Movement and Ending Sorrow, increasing his Agility by another 170 points.

His feet had barely touched the ground when his body became a gust of fierce wind, rushing northward and feeling some pressure in his chest.

Seraphina had saved his life, Bai Zemin owed her too much. If something bad happened to her then that would become a burden that in the future would probably not allow him to progress so easily.

* * *

Within the north walls of Bearcrest City, the battlefield was becoming more and more fierce with each passing second.

The red blood of the humans had mixed with the purple blood of the demons, creating rivers that ran through much of the city. The iron smell was thick and the corpses piled up to form small mountains as over 100,000 demons were slaughtered by the human powers while approximately 40,000 soldiers belonging to the Gales Kingdom had lost their lives at this point.

Among the humans who lost their lives, 3 of the 11 members representing Gales in the competition of kingdoms of this generation had lost their lives. They were holders of great talent or willpower strong enough to push them to continue advancing and putting them together with the strongest, in the future, they were destined to become figures of great importance... Unfortunately, they were still too young. Without time to grow, they were nothing more than soul evolvers, stronger than normal but not unbeatable existences. The flames of war were cruel and did not discriminate between old and young.

There were two battlefields that had been separated from the battlefield where the soul evolvers of both races clashed.

On one of them, the first princess of the Gales Kingdom, Ellis Di Gales, used her large diamond-shaped shield to bravely and fiercely hold back the increasingly powerful attacks of a Third Order demon. No matter how much the Third Order demon attacked or how much his power increased with each passing second, Ellis responded by becoming even more powerful!

"Dark Lightning!" The Third Order demon roared as he stabbed forward with his spear covered in brilliant black lightning.

Ellis raised her shield to the height of her left shoulder and positioned her body sideways at the same time as she shouted aloud, "Call of Focused Will!"

A milk-white light covered her jet-black shield along with her figure and an instant later the spear covered in black lightning fiercely struck the cover of light.

BOOOOM!!!

Ellis' body trembled slightly, but not only was her body not sent flying after receiving the attack from a soul evolver many levels above her own but she didn't even suffer an injury at all.

"Damn it! Who the hell is this bitch?!" The Third Order demon roared in frustration as he saw his attacks failing again and again.

However, he did not give up and continued attacking ferociously, quickly draining his Mana but also shaking the annoying human woman's body more and more frequently, which meant it was only a matter of time before she collapsed.

At the same time, on the second battlefield away from the others.

"Agony!" Seraphina waved her magic staff and a ball of blue light with red dots shot out towards the Third Order demon that was chasing her with bloodshot eyes.

The Third Order demon no longer dared to underestimate this human girl. His body was riddled with bloody wounds that hurt to the point of torture as the light element slowly corroded him.

"Shadow Arrow!" Roared the demon, and at the same time as he pointed his index finger forward the black colored ring on it lit up, shooting an arrow of darkness towards Seraphina.

BOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!

Both attacks collided in midair and there was a thunderous explosion that shook the ground that at this point had been completely obliterated from existence.

The shockwave hit Seraphina and an expression of pain crossed her face as a thin trickle of blood slid silently from the corner of her mouth. Although her magic power was temporarily comparable to that of a level 120 soul evolver, her defense as a Second Order mage was still as low as ever.

However, the Third Order demon didn't take the damage he caused her for free either.

"Argh!!! Bitch!!!"

The Third Order demon once again fell into one of Seraphina's traps and his footsteps stopped as several red dots covered his body causing him an agonizing amount of pain.

As the demon grumbled in pain, Seraphina suppressed her own and seized the moment to activate one of her strongest skills that she had been waiting for the right moment to launch.

"Orb of Exhaustion!"

The demon didn't even have time to dodge when a yellow orb with white edges hit his chest and he immediately felt like fainting due to the mental and physical exhaustion that flooded him.

[Stamina -540.]

Seraphina was panting and her entire body was covered in sweat. There were seconds left before her World Guardian skill went into cooldown. She needed to end this as soon as possible or else it would be her doom and the doom of all her friends.

Seraphina bit her lips hard to suppress the dizziness she felt as a result of the pain and pointed towards the sky as she looked at the demon in front of her with eyes red from anger.

"Die!"

The Third Order demon raised his head and saw a huge silver-colored magic circle glowing in the sky. The danger of death overwhelmed him and fear paralyzed his body as he realized that this was what the human princess was looking for; a moment when he would be exhausted enough to seal his Agility and movement speed.

"Beam of the Ancest-"

"Sera, watch out!"

Seraphina's pupils contracted to the size of needles as she heard the anxious cry of her older sister Ellis. She felt the tip of a spear about to touch her neck and subconsciously did not continue with the activation of her most potent magic skill.

'I can't dodge it.'

Surprisingly, Seraphina was very calm at this moment. With the death only inches from her, thousands of thoughts crossed her mind in an instant.

She thought on the three members of her team who had lost their lives against the demons; Ray, Amelia, and Jack. She thought on the soldiers who gave their lives bravely in order to contain one more demon for an extra second, and she thought on her parents.... Soon, however, she found herself thinking about the human who had arrived from another world and who in the few hours they interacted made her feel as much anger and sadness as no one had ever managed to do in her entire life.

'His name was pink in my eyes.... That meant that if I stayed by his side, my future was destined to be bright and happy... and if he and I had progeny, our children would be talents great enough to make everyone in the world envious.' Seraphina sighed and could not help but feel sad.

She felt sad not because of her death but because of the fact that just at the moment when Seraphina had found her fated match she had lost him as well. After all, the name of her family's innate skill was Fate Eyes.

However, that sadness soon turned into joy. Seraphina was relieved that Bai Zemin had returned to his world. At least he was able to avoid the war and could live happily in some unknown place.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Just as the demon's spear touched Seraphina's neck and a thin trickle of blood ran down her white skin, a beast-like roar caused the sky to rumble and the earth to tremble.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3