Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 800 Seeing each other again in themiddle of the war

Bai Zemin felt more and more anxious as he charged towards the north of the city. After a few minutes, the anxiety reached a point too high so he did not hesitate to activate Overlap Regeneration and turned all his Magic into Agility.

[Agility: 2153 (+95)]

Bai Zemin's body was literally a blur. The buildings to the sides trembled and shook as the fierce gusts of wind that were pushed by his terrifying movement speed whipped them ruthlessly.

He saw virtually no humans outside in the streets, all had probably hidden inside the buildings or somewhere else. However, none of that mattered to Bai Zemin.

His only goal was to find the second princess of this kingdom. She had saved his life and despite her harsh words, she had actually been very kind to him even though they did not know each other at all.

Now it was his turn to do what he could for her in her time of need.

It was at that moment that Bai Zemin realized that perhaps he really had been called to this world by Seraphina Di Gales. After all, hadn't she said that her Invocation skill was meant to summon an existence that could help her in times of need?

After activating Overlap Regeneration 5 times along the way and shortening the time he needed to reach the northern city walls tremendously, Bai Zemin finally saw from the distance a sea of demons clashing with human soldiers wearing shining armor and sharp weapons.

He quickly jumped up to one of the taller buildings outside the destroyed area and looked at the surroundings with some apprehension.

"Uh?"

Bai Zemin was quick to notice the two battlefields in which two Third Order demons were fighting against two beautiful human women.

A sigh of relief flew out of his mouth when he saw that Seraphina was fine. Of course, he was also relieved that Ellis was alive and nothing bad had happened to her.

It was just at that moment that he caught a glimpse of something that made the murderous intent inside his heart grow tremendously. However, Bai Zemin fought to suppress that murderous intent as first he needed to confirm some things and take care of others.

"Sera, watch out!"

At the same time as Ellis was pushed back and the Third Order demon attacking her suddenly turned to attack Seraphina, Bai Zemin kicked the building he was standing on and his body shot forward like a missile.

Seraphina was caught off guard just when she was in the process of activating a magic skill, thus preventing her from being able to react in time and evade the fatal attack that was nothing short of taking her life.

'No, I won't make it in time!" Bai Zemin gritted his teeth and without hesitation opened his mouth wide.

His vocal cords fluttered strangely as large amounts of mana gathered in his throat and the next moment the skill War Cry triggered.

Roar!!!!!

The air stagnated and the earth shook as the ferocious sound wave struck both humans and demons alike. The sky rumbled as everyone froze in fear while staring with stunned eyes at a fixed point.

The spear of the Third Order demon had already reached Seraphina's neck. In fact, the tip had managed to pierce her beautiful skin and there was currently a thin trickle of red blood running down her swan-like neck. His movements only stalled for a split second and he quickly set out to continue, however, when he attempted to push deeper into the human girl's neck, he was startled to find himself unable to move his body.

"What the f-"

The demon was shocked as he looked around. Dozens of crimson blood chains with bright golden dots clung to his body tightly and his limbs had been imprisoned with such tightness that no matter how hard he pulled on his arms or legs he didn't even manage to move an inch.

The spear-wielding Third Order demon had no time to think about how things had turned out this way as only a second later he felt a severe headache. Moments later, everything went white for him and the pain disappeared without a trace.

BOOOOOOOOOM!!!!

Seraphina felt the fierce sound of the explosion just inches back from her body. She closed her eyes preparing to be hit by the shockwave, however, to her surprise, Seraphina felt a shadow rising above her and the expected shockwave never hurt her.

Before turning around, Seraphina saw the terrified expression of the Third Order demon she had been fighting for the past 30 minutes. When she looked back over her shoulder, all she saw was a thick crimson blood wall blocking her view and Seraphina quickly understood the reason why the shockwave from the previous explosion didn't hurt her.

BOOOOOOOOOM!!!!

Another explosion of similar magnitude to the previous one shook the ground hard and the blood wall was soon covered by cracks that in a matter of seconds regenerated as if they had never been there.

"Bastard!"

Seraphina quickly turned to look forward again and her pupils contracted as she saw a figure covered in a faint halo of golden light standing before the Third Order demon whose movements had been restricted by dozens of blood chains and even his feet were lifted off the ground.

'Who is this person?' Was the question that not only Seraphina but everyone had asked themselves as they looked at the young man with golden hair and eyes.

Could he be a soul evolver belonging to a different kingdom that had joined the war against the demons? After all, Gales had no one with such characteristics since golden hair was characteristic of the royal family not to mention the strength exuded by the body of the soul evolver who so easily suppressed a Third Order existence.

Under the frightened eyes of the demons and shocked humans, the unknown soul evolver clenched his right fist wrapped by a strange dragon claw-shaped gauntlet and unhesitatingly struck fiercely forward.

BOOOOOOOM!!!!

The human's fist completely destroyed the demon's armor and pierced through the chest until half of his arm was buried in the flesh of the surprised creature.

"Impressive. The life energy of these demons doesn't decay too much even with the heart destroyed." Bai Zemin muttered under his breath as he pulled his fist out of his enemy's chest, making it grunt in pain as he glared at it with bloodthirsty red eyes.

"Punch the right side of the chest and you will understand."

Bai Zemin nodded at Lilith's words and without a word fiercely struck the right side of the enemy's chest.

BOOOOOOOOOM!!!!

A new thunderous explosion shook the now silent battlefield.

"Oh, now I understand." Bai Zemin nodded and a flash of surprise shone in his eyes. "These bastards have two hearts after all."

This time, his voice had not been as low as before. Therefore, even amidst the rumbling, the stronger soul evolvers who were relatively close to his position managed to hear him.

Because Bai Zemin had spoken in his native language and not in Gales, no one understood what he was saying at all. However, there was one person among those present who had heard that language before not to mention that she would never mistake that voice.

Seraphina looked with widening eyes at the wide back of the person covered by the golden halo and covered her mouth as she whispered in shock, "It can't be possible..."Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

That person she knew and hoped to see again should not be in this place. He should already be in his world with his friends and loved ones.

Besides... That person was only a level 50 soul evolver.... It was impossible that he could be powerful enough to take down a Third Order demon with two punches.... No, but... That voice...

Second Princess Seraphina's mind was a mess as she looked at that straight back standing meters before her.

The chains around the Third Order demon's limbs and body soon turned into liquid blood that fell to the ground splashing everywhere. Losing his hold on the chains, the Third Order demon's weakened body fell to the ground and it took no more than a few seconds for his life to end.

Seraphina felt the blood wall behind her disappearing, and when she looked back she couldn't help but gasp at the sight of the lifeless body of the Third Order demon that had almost killed her moments before.

Looking forward once more, Seraphina finally caught a glimpse of the other party's face. Despite the eye color and hair color being golden instead of dark black, the facial characteristics and the gaze in his eyes confirmed her previous doubts.

"... Orc?" Seraphina muttered with wide eyes. She still couldn't believe it so her voice sounded like a question in search of answers.

Bai Zemin didn't know whether to laugh or cry at being called an orc again, it seemed like it would be his official name in the mouth of this little princess. He scratched his head and said with a somewhat uncomfortable smile, "It's been a few days, ponytail princess."

Seraphina was not upset at being called that way. Quite the contrary, her eyes sparkled with joy and for a moment she seemed to forget the world around her as she said with delight, "You.... You didn't go to your world? I thought you had left forever! Ah, I'm sorry for my words from before, I really didn't mean it that way. It's just that-"

"Seraphina," Bai Zemin raised a hand and interrupted her. He pointed to the surroundings and said in a cold voice, "Let me wipe out these demons first, how about that? It will be quick."

She paused at his words, quickly realizing that this was not the time or place for conversation.

The golden halo disappeared at that moment, revealing Bai Zemin's natural hair and eye color. His aura returned to normal, losing that strange grandiosity that somehow made people want to kneel.

Seraphina was about to ask him how it could be possible to wipe out hundreds of thousands of demons "quickly" as he had said since it would take even a Third Order soul evolver quite a while, however, she soon noticed that something was not right.

Why... Why the demons weren't moving? Ninety-five percent of them were frozen, staring in fear and shock straight ahead while the more distant demons that suddenly rushed over stopped when they came within a certain range, the only exception being the Second Order demons that could not move since they were restricted by blood chains.

Of course, the reason why the First Order demons could not move was due to the false domain that Bai Zemin had created/learned by making use of his Blood Manipulation skill.

He had spent 90% of his Mana in order to contain over 3000 Second Order demons and hundreds of thousands of First Order demons. The remaining 10% was consumed when Bai Zemin uttered the words that made it easy for him to imagine a terrifying scene.

"Annihilation of Vitality."

His words had only fallen when Bai Zemin was forced to activate Overlap Regeneration to regenerate his Mana to the maximum again because he felt as if a giant hammer smashed against his head when his Mana stat dropped to absolute 0.

However, it was worth it.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!....

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!...

...

One by one, the bodies of the demons began to swell up like balloons and moments later exploded into piles of broken flesh and hot blood flying everywhere.

Ellis, Seraphina, and everyone else present watched with wide eyes and pale faces as everything turned purple from the steam of the demons' hot blood.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3