Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

The objects that had appeared after the disappearance of the two flashes of light were two treasures that until now Bai Zemin had not seen appear from orbs and therefore did not possess.

The treasure that came from inside the orange orb was a kind of dress that looked more like a robe such as the immortal women wore in light novels but not as extravagant.

Curious, Bai Zemin touched the tip of the deep blue dress and, apart from the softness of the material, the information of the object flowed into his retina automatically.

[Combat Robe (Rare Grade Treasure): Full body dress capable of blocking normal edged weapons and even smaller caliber bullets. When wearing it all stats +5 automatically].

Basically, the Combat Robe was a somewhat similar extension of his Full Coat except that it was more geared towards women in this case. Although there are some differences in the description of the treasure, Bai Zemin thought that the differences were probably not that big.

The second treasure was, surprisingly, a crossbow that glowed with a metallic hint at the sun's rays that bathed the material this treasure was created from whatever it was.

[Quick Crossbow (Normal Grade Treasure): A crossbow that can load up to 5 bolts or arrows in the chamber and shoot twice per second. When equipped it automatically increases Agility by +5 points and Strength by +2 points].

"So..." Bai Zemin looked at the two people beside him and asked while scratching his head with one hand, "How do we divide these things...?"

Shangguan Bing Xue and Chen He looked at each other for a moment before looking at the three objects on the pile of rubble, falling into a deep state of contemplation.

After several minutes, Chen He shook his head and pointed at the crossbow, "I really need a better weapon at the moment... Even if I know I will change it sooner rather than later, I need to survive until then, or else what sense would everything else have?"

Bai Zemin looked at Shangguan Bing Xue and noticed that she was looking at him with narrowed eyes. More precisely, she was not looking at him; she was looking at his coat.

"Cheap for you, Bai Zemin." Shangguan Bing Xue sighed and pointed at the Combat Robe, "As Chen He said, although I really want that skill since as weak as it looks it definitely can't be that simple, I need to survive first to then have a chance to find out, and although it's frustrating, I still don't possess enough power to feel 100% confident."

In fact, both Chen He and Shangguan Bing Xue were tempted to choose the First Order skill max level Regeneration. After all, the reality was just as Shangguan Bing Xue had said; a skill of such a level and Order definitely could not be simple in any way no matter how useless it seemed and it was most likely that in higher Orders it would shine and show its splendor. Unfortunately, neither of them felt comfortable with their current strength and their confidence in surviving greater challenges was not very high as it was still difficult for them to kill First Order existences, and every time they compared themselves with Bai Zemin they felt worse; this was especially true for Chen He.

By acquiring the Combat Robe, the stats obtained by Shangguan Bing Xue would be the equivalent of 5 levels considering that each level up granted 2 status points and, more importantly, safety from smaller caliber bullets and bladed weapons such as knives and the like. Meanwhile, by acquiring the Quick Crossbow, Chen He would not only get a weapon much more suitable for combat but would also receive a total of 7 stats; especially his Agility stat, a stat which was technically one of the most important for him.

"Then I'll be rude." Bai Zemin nodded with understanding and took the scroll to himself with an indifferent expression.

"Good for you, little Zemin." Lilith, who floated a short distance away, congratulated him. Her gaze was fixed on the scroll in Bai Zemin's hands and her eyes had a strange glint in them.

Bai Zemin said nothing and after wishing the scroll disappeared from his hands and a rune began to form deep in his soul. The rune was yellow in color and had strange cracks that he could not understand what they meant. Soon, the rune had fully formed and Bai Zemin had finally acquired his second active external skill since the arrival of the Soul Record on Earth.

The Regeneration active skill was extremely weird. At least, what Bai Zemin expected from a skill with that name was that it would grant the ability to heal wounds or increase Health considering that was its function when the Platinum Ape used it. Obviously, the skill scroll had nothing to do with the Platinum Ape's skill except, perhaps, the name. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Regenerating Stamina was actually extremely useful because if a battle between two existences went on too long due to identical or too equal strengths, the winner would be the one who could stand for the longest amount of time without faltering in their attacks. However, temporarily it was something that Bai Zemin did not need and even less so considering his high natural Stamina which, in fact, was his highest body stat leaving aside stats like Mana and Magic.

I'll look at the evolution requirements of this skill later. Bai Zemin thought before looking at Chen He and saying, "Let's go to the parking lot and talk there. From your words earlier it seemed to be serious."

Che He nodded with a serious expression, "I agree."

With nothing more to say, the trio walked underground again.

* * *

When Bai Zemin returned to the subway parking lot together with Shangguan Bing Xue and Chen He, none of the three expected to see such chaos.

Liang Peng, Fu Xuefeng, Cai Jingyi, Zhong De, and Kang Lan were moving all over the place beating up several people and throwing them aside before moving on to the next person to perform the same action.

Some survivors even seemed to have been possessed by some kind of mindless spirit as they even forgot who Liang Peng and the rest were; they actually dared to try to attack them! It was as if for a moment they had forgotten that they were evolved people and not existences that they, normal people, could deal with!

"What...?" For a moment, Shangguan Bing Xue looked so shocked that she didn't know what to think about it.

Especially seeing the more than five obviously lifeless bodies that had been trampled beyond recognition that looked like they had been stampeded by a pack of wild beasts.

Bai Zemin didn't understand what was going on either... It had only been five minutes at most since he had left but how did things turn out like this...?

"At the end of the day, humans are animals too, Bai Zemin." Lilith appeared beside him and spoke in an indifferent voice: "In the face of the fear of death, even cats are willing to fight dogs, let alone beings with intelligence who are even more aware that death means the end. The fact that this Lower Existence named Chen He showed himself incapable of defeating that ape caused many people to fear for their future and they began to cause chaos, letting out their inner demons..."

"What will you do now?"