Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 801 self-destruction to obtain power

For about 5 minutes, the soul evolvers of the Gales Kingdom army watched the scene unfolding in front of them with their hearts feeling as heavy as stones.

How would you feel if you heard the sound of the bodies of living beings getting swollen and then witnessed tens of thousands of them exploding, sending hot blood splattering everywhere and chunks of flesh not too dissimilar to that of a normal human flying and falling to the ground with chilling sounds?

Anna, Giles, Evan, Katt, etc; all of them had suffered some degree of injuries on their bodies due to the war against the demons. Especially considering that they were facing dozens of enemies at the same time. However, they could no longer feel pain and like everyone else watched petrified as the demon army was wiped out forever.

Approximately five minutes passed and Bai Zemin looked around with an indifferent expression on his face. A flash of regret shone in his eyes as he realized that despite their injuries, the Second Order demons were still alive.

'My magic power is not high enough to crush the internal organs of these Second Order demons let alone make their bodies explode.' Bai Zemin sighed in his heart as he activated Overlap Regeneration for the eighth time in the day.

"Magic for Agility." Bai Zemin muttered and in just a second he turned into a golden blur, disappearing from everyone's sight.

Even Ellis and Seraphina couldn't follow Bai Zemin's movements at all!

BOOM!!! BOOM!!!! BOOM!!!! BOOM!!!! BOOM!!!! BOOM!!!! BOOM!!!! BOOM!!!!...

...

The heads of the Second Order demons began to explode one after another as the remaining power of what everyone assumed were fierce punches shattered the ground behind each demon chosen to die.

"I- Is that person really Bai Zemin?" Evan swallowed audibly and subconsciously caressed his neck with his left hand as if to confirm it was safe and sound.

"Th- That seems to be the case...?" Giles nodded somewhat unsure of his own answer.

Ellis like most of those present looked at the flash of golden light that flickered at impossible-to-follow speeds. Her face was pale at the horrific scene she was witnessing.

"What kind of absurd power is this..." The first princess of Gales muttered with wide eyes. "Wasn't Bai Zemin a First Order soul evolver?"

Forget about Liam, the greatest talent of the Gales Kingdom and probably the entire younger generation of Eventide World, Ellis was 100% sure that even her father King Philip didn't have the ability to do what Bai Zemin was doing!

Only 8 seconds passed when 3000 headless corpses fell to the ground with purple blood gushing from their broken necks. As the troops of Gales stared in shock and horror at those demonic corpses, it was hard for them to accept that less than 10 seconds ago they were all Second Order powerhouses that could kill most of them without a problem.

Under everyone's astonished eyes, a part of the rivers of blood moved strangely and covered all the Second Order Soul Stones. By the time the blood moved away, the Soul Stones were nowhere to be found.

Bai Zemin approached Seraphina, who was looking at him in surprise and disbelief for obvious reasons. He frowned and looked off into the distance in a northerly direction as he said in a deep voice, "We need to move. There seems to be two powerful soul evolvers fighting far away from here."

Seraphina's pupils contracted at his words and when she sharpened her hearing she could indeed barely hear the sound of explosions.

"Dad!" she shouted in panic and without hesitation started running north in a hurry.

If there were two soul evolvers fighting then that meant that one of them was definitely her father, the king of Gales. Moreover, the fact that the other party could contend against her father meant that the enemy demon must be a general of the Demon Lord!

Bai Zemin also realized this problem and quickly followed Seraphina. Most of her skills were on cooldown so it was easy for him to catch up and without asking permission he caught her body before dashing into the distance and disappearing in an instant.

Ellis finally blinked, coming out of her frozen state, and quickly shouted in a brave voice: "Everyone, charge! Kill all the demons until not a single one of them is left alive!"

Without waiting for a reaction, she activated several skills to boost her Agility and movement speed before dashing into the distance.

"Kill!"

"Kill!"

"Follow the princesses!"

The human army generals and the troops let out war roars as they ran towards the outside of the city. All of them seemed to have received some kind of strange injection as their eyes seemed to have no trace of rationality since the only thing they were looking for was the death of their enemies at any cost.

* * *

Bai Zemin and Seraphina crossed the collapsed part of the northern wall of the city. He carried her and quickly covered more than 3 kilometers, finally seeing the human troops and the demon troops locked in what was a bloody and cruel war that rarely occurred between two races.

Most striking, however, were the hundreds of thousands of burned corpses on the ground as well as the large amount of ashes agglomerated in such a way that even the fierce winds were having difficulty blowing them away.

Seeing the faint purple lightning still crackling on the ground, Seraphina smiled proudly and said cheerfully: "That's my mom's magic! It's these demons' bad luck to face one of the most talented and powerful mages in the whole world!"

She was really joyful and felt as if a weight was lifted from her chest after detecting traces of her mother's magic. However, Bai Zemin frowned tightly and felt a bad premonition when he noticed that this trace of magic belonging to Queen Helena still lingered only because the skill launched was very powerful and the queen's magic power was terrifying, but in reality, it had been several minutes since those demon corpses had been scorched.

Bai Zemin tried to find a particularly powerful mage wreaking havoc against the demon army, but he soon realized that there was no such mage.

'Don't tell me...' Bai Zemin's expression grew gloomy, however, just as he was about to increase his speed and head towards the distant battlefield where the explosions were so terrifying that they reached even as far as his location, he stopped upon seeing the shadow of a person out of the corner of his eye.

Seraphina grunted slightly in pain when she felt a tug on the left side of her body due to Bai Zemin's sudden turn. However, she didn't have time to say anything when her pupils twitched at the sight of the person lying on the ground with blood covering his entire body.

"Liam!"

Seraphina jumped off Bai Zemin's back as soon as he stopped and quickly ran to her friend.

Liam looked at Seraphina with his right eye as the left one was closed tightly. He opened his mouth to say something but all that came out was a great rush of blood.

"Don't say anything!" Seraphina quickly drank a mana potion that tripled the speed at which her mana regenerated and quickly activated a skill on Liam's body, "Vital Light!"

A glow of white, warm light surrounded Liam's badly wounded body. His regeneration increased by an extra 20% and the wounds on his body began to heal faster than normal. Even then, however, a single time was clearly not going to be enough to bring him back from the brink of death.

"Vital Light!"

"Vital Light!

"Vital Light!"

...

As Seraphina did her best to heal Liam, Bai Zemin looked at the bodies of the demons lying lifeless not far from where the young future hero of Gales had collapsed.

As it appeared to be, Liam had fought 4 Third Order demons. Although Bai Zemin noticed that these Third Order demons had already suffered several wounds from a weapon that was clearly not a greatsword, it was amazing that Liam could fight 4 of them at the same time and kill them all while preserving his life even if it hung in the balance.

Bai Zemin looked at Seraphina and said in a low voice, "I'll go support your father, you heal Liam and support the troops here."

"Please!" Seraphina nodded without looking back and trusting him completely after witnessing his strength. She bit her lips tightly as she fought the dizziness resulting from the excessive consumption of Mana.

Bai Zemin nodded slightly towards Liam, who barely moved his head in acknowledgment to avoid worsening his condition, before turning into a flash of red lightning in a northwesterly direction. Every demon in his path was turned into a pile of meat paste regardless of whether it was First Order or Second Order.Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Every meter he advanced the explosions became more and more ferocious, and approximately 2 kilometers later, Bai Zemin finally caught sight of two figures clashing in what could only be described as a death battle where the defense had long since ceased to be taken into account.

The golden spear and the purple sword clashed more than 70 times per second, shattering the earth completely. When the skills were activated, huge craters at least 600 meters in diameter covered the area with the impact zone as the center.

Bai Zemin was barely able to see two flashes of light, one white and one black, moving everywhere. The fact that he could barely make out who was who surprised him tremendously since this could only mean that both soul evolvers outmatched him by a good margin in terms of Agility, however, Bai Zemin soon realized where the problem lay after seeing King Philip.

The demon's body was covered in purple blood from head to toe and his left hand was missing. There were several fist-sized holes in his torso with white lightning fighting against the black energy covering part of his body.

On the other hand, the current King Philip no longer had his past appearance at all. Although there were few wounds on his body compared to the wounds on the general demon's body, his hair had turned completely gray and his formerly handsome face had now become that of an old man of at least 80 years old.

Although the two looked quite miserable with their current appearances, the power behind their attacks was far from insignificant or miserable. Every time the golden spear and purple sword met, the ground would change shape after exploding into thousands of pieces.

"These two used self-destructive skills in order to get a significant increase in power temporarily," Lilith explained calmly. "Zemin, you need to stop that little princess's father, or else he will turn into ashes within a minute at most."

Bai Zemin didn't hesitate to activate Overlap Regeneration for the ninth time in the day, and after exchanging all his Magic points for Agility, he dashed forward. His storage ring released a small purple radiance and immediately Crimson Thunder Dragon's Last Words appeared in his right hand.

"Lonely Wolf Aura!"

The atmosphere seemed to freeze and the air became stagnant when a terrifying pressure descended upon Bel'gos and King Philip. Both turned abruptly with expressions of panic and indifference on their faces as they did not know which side the newcomer belonged to.

Seeing the golden-haired, golden-eyed man with the silhouette of a wolf behind him charging towards them, King Philip had no reaction at all as if he was not particularly happy or sad to receive human help.

On the other hand, Bel'gos gritted his teeth and without hesitation dashed towards the human whose presence had weakened his overall power by 10%. If he did not eliminate this human, the king of Gales would easily kill him due to his weakened state!

Bai Zemin did not stop and instead activated several skills in an instant.

First, a series of crimson flames burned on his weapon, and then, a blue flame mixed with the crimson flames, forming a bright purple flame that set fire to the broken trees 200 meters around the flame as its center.

A moment later, Bai Zemin jumped and soared over 400 meters in an instant. Without giving his enemy time to react or think, he shouted out loud the activation of Gravity Manipulation x30 and his body plummeted at the same time as he slashed ferociously towards the head of the demon general!

Bel'gos was undoubtedly taken by surprise, but what surprised him was to feel the danger of death from this attack! Without hesitation, he raised his sword to block the incoming attack .... or so he tried.

When Bel'gos tried to move his right hand upwards, all the blood covering his body suddenly turned into something similar to a straitjacket that encased him, and although he managed to shatter it in a second, it was already too late to defend against the greatsword with purple flames.

"Die!!!"

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3