Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 802 - The fall of one of the ten Demon Generals

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!

A huge crater over 1500 meters in diameter was blown when Bai Zemin's attack finally hit the ground. The earth split into hundreds of thousands of fragments and rocks of all sizes shot uncontrollably everywhere like pieces of shrapnel capable of turning a level 20 soul evolver into a sieve riddled with holes.

Bai Zemin straightened his posture in the middle of the crater and as he looked at the surroundings he couldn't help but frown.

He did indeed feel that he managed to wound the Third Order demon just before and could even smell his blood. However, Bai Zemin was sure that most of his attack was missed not to mention the fact that he had yet to receive the death records, which meant that there was no death at all.

"Damn human bastard, I'll rip your skin off!!!"

Bai Zemin looked to his right with an indifferent expression on his face facing the threat of the demon general.

Bel'gos had an expression of anger and pain on his face as he looked at Bai Zemin as if he was looking at the enemy that slaughtered all of his loved ones. However, his anger was not for nothing considering that his left arm was gone and currently there were great torrents of blood constantly pouring out from the shattered shoulder that was nothing more than a pile of crushed flesh at this point.

As one of the general demons of the demon race, Bel'gos possessed many powerful skills. Among his life-saving skills in time of crisis, the most powerful was one that allowed him to teleport to a location within 1000 meters of him. This teleportation skill had a 10-minute cooldown, so unless it was extremely necessary, Bel'gos was reluctant to use it.

However, just before when his sword had barely made contact with the giant sword of the human before him, Bel'gos realized how much he had underestimated the power of this person. Were it not for the fact that he had been fast and decisive, his body might have been buried underground with severe wounds at this point.

'I need to back off for now. Things turned out in a way none of us expected!' Bel'gos gritted his teeth in anger and without hesitation turned, running into the forest while activating two skills to push his Agiliad a little further.

However, when Bel'gos looked over his shoulder two or three seconds later, his face grew dark as he saw a pair of golden eyes glaring at him coldly. The distance between him and the human with the giant sword was shortening too fast!

'Who the fuck is this bastard! Why didn't the report we received say anything about him?!' Bel'gos began to panic as he realized that this day next year could be the anniversary of his death.

In the end, Bel'gos decided it was all or nothing, therefore, with an abrupt turn that displayed his combat experience, he stabbed forward with his sword. The image of a white skull appeared behind his body and a red lightning bolt covered the blade of the sword at the same time as he roared from the depths of his soul the name of his most powerful attack skill.

"Crimson Death!"

BANG!!!

The crimson lightning bolt shot out from the tip of the sword like a beam of energy and in an instant hit Bai Zemin who was less than 50 meters far away. The crimson beam grew larger and larger as it moved away from the sword and after traveling more than 10 kilometers it hit a giant mountain in the distance.

For a moment, everything remained the same as if nothing had happened. However, just a blink of an eye later, the result of the fierce attack was displayed for even those fighting near Bearcrest City to see.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!

Rumble...!!!!

The mountain exploded from the middle up. Colossal-sized boulders flew through the sky before disintegrating into small pieces that rained down everywhere as the surroundings rumbled and the earth shook fiercely as if a giant had awakened from its slumber.

This skill was the main reason why few existences around the world dared to provoke Bel'gos, and those that had the courage to do it would definitely not do it for a small matter. With such a high destructive capacity, a large part of a city would easily be wiped out to nothing if he decided to activate this skill casually and the scariest thing of all was that the activation of Crimson Death was almost instantaneous so it was difficult to defend against it.

However, Bel'gos did not even feel happy in the slightest at the demonstration of damage he had just caused. After all, far from receiving Soul Power from the unknown human, all he felt was danger; danger so high that Bel'gos knew he wouldn't be able to avoid even if he wanted to!

Looking to his right out of the corner of his eyes, all Bel'gos caught was a glimpse of a golden light coming towards his abdomen.

BOOM!!!!!

As Bai Zemin's fist wrapped by Annihilation of the Falling Sky in its dragon claw form impacted the abdomen of Bel'gos, the proud demon general leaned forward and his eyes nearly popped out of their sockets as the air in his lungs emptied.

'Thank god and I have Shadow Blink with me or that attack would have killed me.' Bai Zemin thought grimly as he spun 360 degrees and used his right leg as a whip.

BOOOOM!!!

Bel'gos' body was sent flying like a kite whose string had been cut and the chilling sound of bones cracking aided the pain that was transmitted to his brain for him to understand that his single remaining arm had been broken.

His body hadn't even touched the ground when Bel'gos felt a fierce blow on his back that stopped his backwards movement.

[Critical Hit!]

Bai Zemin smashed his knee into the back of the demon general and the sensation of having broken something was transmitted even through the armor and leg protectors.

BOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!

Bel'gos was sent flying in the opposite direction and this time he could no longer feel his lower body. A large hole of blood appeared on his back, revealing the shredded flesh and broken white bones inside. At the same time, he felt as if everything around him was turning white so he didn't even realize he was spitting blood in midair.

BOOOOOM!!! BOOOOOM!!! BOOOOOM!!! BOOOOOM!!! BOOOOOM!!! ....

For approximately 15 seconds, King Philip watched indifferently from a distance as the body of the demon general Bel'gos was sent flying all over the place like a punching bag by a flash of golden light that even he could not follow clearly even though he was still under the effect of his Soul Rupture skill.

After exhausting the tenth activation of the day for Overlap Regeneration, the golden radiance that covered Bai Zemin's body slowly disappeared, which not only made his Agility and Magic stats return to normal but also made it clear that the color of his hair and eyes were still black as usual.

[Critical Hit!]

With a final punch on the upper back and another thunderous explosion, the body of Bel'gos was sent flying several meters backwards and after rolling on the ground like a broken rag doll finally stopped less than 5 meters from the King of Gales who had been watching everything with dead eyes.

Bai Zemin slowly approached King Philip, stopping at a relatively safe distance of 20 meters as he noticed that the king's mental state was not good at the moment. If Bai Zemin's suspicions turned out to be true, then it was only normal that the King of this kingdom was not in his senses right now.

"Your Majesty Philip, the demons have practically been completely defeated." Bai Zemin said in an attempt to see if he could get any facial reaction from the man.

However, except for the grunts of pain and frustration from the demon general Bel'gos, all Bai Zemin got were caresses from the wind blowing from the nearby woods.

After a moment, he added, "First Princess Ellis and Second Princess Seraphina are well. Both are awaiting your return with all the people of Gales."

Indeed, upon hearing the name of the two princesses, the expressionless and practically dead face of King Philip finally showed some human reaction.

His dull eyes lit up slightly as if the flame that had been nothing short of going out finally received some warmth, slowly beginning to burn again.

A few seconds later, Bai Zemin noticed King Philip's aura plummeting until it finally stopped at a normal level. He sighed in relief as he realized that Seraphina and Ellis' father had probably just deactivated the skill that was granting him power in exchange for consuming his life.

Philip looked at Bai Zemin for several seconds, finally, he said in a flat voice, "Thank you for your help, Bai Zemin... It was you who wiped out the demons?"

Bai Zemin shook his head and did not dare to take credit that he did not think belonged to him: "Due to certain circumstances, I could not participate in the war against the demons until several minutes ago. The warriors of Gales are still fighting the remnant demon troops, and Liam managed to kill four Third Order demons despite ending up severely wounded."

King Philip nodded and did not pursue the matter further. Even though Bai Zemin had said that he only participated for a few minutes in the war against the demons, the king had witnessed what he was capable of and was no longer fooled by his First Order aura.

Although Bel'gos was badly wounded, it was also true that Bai Zemin had completely overwhelmed him from the first moment. Releasing an existence capable of fighting such a demon general in the midst of an army of First Order and Second Order demons for several minutes was more than enough to crush numerous enemy powerhouses.

"Do you mind if I kill this demon?" King Philip asked as he looked at Bel'gos with indifference.

Bai Zemin looked at the current king's condition and couldn't help but sigh as he recalled his appearance from 5 days ago.

The current King Philip was no different than an 85-year-old man. His body was hunched forward, his gray hair looked weak, his face was covered in wrinkles with multiple spots on his skin and his eyes were barely open as if the light bothered him.

Of course, his power was still that of a terrifying Third Order soul evolver. However, the current King Philip was definitely not as powerful as his former self.

"Go ahead. It was you who injured him critically.... I only delivered the final blows to make him impotent." Bai Zemin nodded indifferently and waved his hand as if the valuable Soul Power of a Third Order existence was no big deal to him.

But in fact, this was Bai Zemin's plan all this time, or else he hadn't given all those unnecessary attacks and would have simply crushed the head of Bel'gos when he had the chance to do it.

By absorbing the records of a soul evolver as powerful as Bel'gos was, one of the ten generals of the demon race, King Philip's life expectancy would grow by at least a few years and his physical condition would improve considerably after going up maybe one or two levels.

King Philip said nothing. He simply looked Bel'gos in the eyes and without any expression on his face stabbed twice with his spear.

Boom! Boom!

Two bloody holes the size of an adult fist each appeared on both sides of Bel'gos' chest. The eyes of the demon general opened and a flash of disbelief shone in his red pupils as he felt his life quickly fading away. When his eyes met the cold gaze on the aged face of the King of Gales, he understood the reason why the man had decided on this method of killing him.

[You have received the Soul Power of Third Order Bel'gos level 153. You have received Health +120, Strength +138, Agility +155, Stamina +248, Magic +112, Mana +105.]

[You have leveled up and reached level 157. You have received 4 status points to distribute freely].

[You have leveled up and reached level 158. You have received 4 status points to distribute freely].

Instead of drawing his spear like any other normal soul evolver would do, Bai Zemin watched in confusion as the King of Gales waved it to the side casually and sent the dead demon general's body rolling several meters as if it was a piece of pesky garbage in his eyes.

"Add the 4 points in Health."

Bai Zemin raised his head to look at the king and quickly noticed that, just as he expected, his condition improved considerably. While he was nowhere near his past, at least now he no longer looked like a man with one foot inside the grave and instead looked like an old man of about 60 years old.

His hair was still completely gray, but at least it no longer looked so weak as to be blown away by the wind. His emerald eyes were now properly open and 99% of the spots on his skin were gone without a trace. Most notably, his posture was now straight as a spear, giving him the appearance of an ancient warrior but with great battle experience.

"Helena was killed by Bel'gos." Said the King of Gales in a somewhat choked voice as he did his best to hold back the urge to cry.

Bai Zemin did not know what to say, so he was only honest with his words and said what he felt in his heart, "I am sorry to hear that and very sorry for your loss."

King Philip nodded and without another word took out a mutant beast hamstring from his storage ring. He held Bel'gos' feet together and bound them before getting back to his feet again.

"Let's go... Let's end this once and for all."

Bai Zemin looked at the back of the King of Gales, who with firm steps was walking away as he dragged the body of the demon general across the ground without even letting him rest in death.

"Your majesty, you go first. I have something to do, but I'll be back as soon as I'm done." Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The king looked back, a peculiar glint shone in his eyes before nodding without saying anything and continued on his way.

Bai Zemin stood in the same spot until the King of Gales disappeared from his line of sight. Finally, he activated Invisibility and turned into a gust of wind in the direction of the Forest of the Ancients with Lilith following close behind.

She sighed in her heart and a glint of sadness shone in her eyes as she stared at the back of the young man running in front of her.

His mental burdens were about to become even heavier than they already were...

Was it perhaps because she was in love with him? Were her feelings preventing her from thinking clearly or was her logic right? Be that as it may, Lilith couldn't help but feel that everyone was being a little selfish to forget something so simple... Because due to that, the only person who would carry those burdens with him forever would be Bai Zemin.

* * * * * * *