Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 806 Everything Gets Out Of Control (Part1)


Compared to the number of soldiers from the Gales Kingdom present at the ceremony to send those brave ones who fell defending their kingdom and the innocent ones who were not spared by the demons, the number of people who approached with an imposing aura was pitifully low. Still, this did not mean that they were few.

A total of between 100 and 200 people completely ignored a maiden's attempt to stop them and approached the center of the garden where the twelve wooden towers had previously stood.

The maiden was anxious and clearly did not know what else to do other than continue insisting.

"Princes and princesses, I'm afraid you can't-"

"Silence!" 

The maiden's words were interrupted when an incredibly beautiful woman stepped forward and slapped her across the face. The maiden who was only a level 7 soul evolver stumbled over her own feet and fell to the ground, but despite the pain, she dared not look at the other party and only sobbed tears of injustice.

"For goodness sake, what an annoying girl. Are all maids in Gales this disrespectful?" Snorted the beautiful woman as she wiped her hand with a white silk handkerchief before tossing it on the floor as if she were throwing out the world's most terrifying plague container.

A handsome man wearing gold-colored armor and a shiny gold sword with a red cape on his back approached the beautiful woman and said with what he believed to be his brightest smile, "Bianca, why are you getting your hands dirty with these people? You just need to order one of your soldiers to do the job for you and forget about a slap, that maid would have her head on the floor right now."

Bianca was known as the second most beautiful princess of all the kingdoms and her suitors were innumerable; among them, princes from other kingdoms were not lacking.

Among the princes who wooed her and were willing to do practically anything to get under her skirt was this handsome young man. Although Bianca thought to give him a chance because of his looks, talent, and superb status, she didn't show it on her face.

She gave the young man a sidelong glance and said with a slight smile on her face: "Gerard? Even if my Lidora Kingdom is not allied with Gales, the power of the Gales Kingdom is worthy of respect. Do you think we can just come and casually kill people?"

Prince Gerard's eyes lit up and he chuckled as he waved his hand as if it was no big deal, "Bianca, my Theles Kingdom is one of the three most powerful kingdoms in the world and coincidentally Gales is not our ally. Your Lidora Kingdom is under the care of us, the Theles Kingdom.... I believe that King Philip would not dare to offend my Theles Kingdom and the 16 allied kingdoms for the sake of a small maiden."

Prince Gerard's last words were spoken as he looked at King Philip with the same smile from before. 

A moment later, he added: "Especially now that Gales has suffered such a great loss against the demon army. What they need is time and not problems... Don't you agree with me, King Philip?"

As a prince, calling the king of a kingdom by his name was considered disrespectful. Even if Gerard was the crown prince of one of the Theles Kingdom, one of the three most powerful kingdoms in the world, the power of a soul evolver who was very close to level 160 as was the case with the King of Gales was something no one could ignore and even the King of Theles would treat him as an equal but never below.

However, the King of Gales did not have time to open his mouth when a person stepped forward.


"Gerard, do you think that just because you are the prince of the Theles Kingdom you can behave as you please? Remember that these lands belong to my Gales, not to your Theles."

Ellis, the first princess of Gales, stepped out from the crowd as she looked at Gerard and Bianca with narrowed eyes. She didn't wait for a reply from Prince Gerard and instead looked at Bianca.

"And you, why don't you try to slap me instead of a young girl who isn't even level 10?" 

Princess Bianca's expression changed as she saw Ellis walking out. Even though Bianca was a level 48 soul evolver at the age of 24 and was enough to be called a genius, in front of Ellis she was nothing but air; a single slap was enough to explode her head considering Ellis was a melee warrior and Bianca a mage. 

The only thing Bianca could sneer at Ellis about was her superior appearance which was barely above Ellis, but when it came to talent or strength, there was no need to even compare.

"Ellis, are you planning to antagonize your country against two parent kingdoms and over 30 kingdoms just because Princess Bianca slapped a maid?"

A voice came from the crowd of princes and princesses, and when Ellis saw the person who stepped forward she couldn't help but frown.

"Edmund Zivell?" 

Edmund Zivell, crown prince of the throne and next king of the Zivell Kingdom stood next to Gerard. The two princes looked at Ellis with pride as if they enjoyed seeing the first princess of Gales always proud and brave becoming at a loss or rather not daring to speak anymore.

Ellis looked at Princess Dianna Meyer of the Pralan Kingdom who was in the crowd, but seeing her not saying anything and instead looking away as if she was ashamed of something, her heart clenched and her face changed noticeably. 

The Pralan Kingdom was the parent kingdom of Gales, the fact that Princess Dianna did not say anything in this kind of circumstance definitely could not be good news. Even a fool would be able to understand that something was happening.

Seraphina was no fool, she was in fact very smart. However, her mood was terribly bad at the moment. She had just sent her mother forever and had yet to accept the fact that she would never again feel her sweet voice or loving caresses, therefore, the disrespectful arrival of these people naturally tested her patience.

Just when she wanted to curse in everyone's face, a large hand held her slender arm firmly but gently at the same time, and looking to the side, she saw Bai Zemin shaking his head.

"Orc, you..." Seraphina frowned as she looked at Bai Zemin in confusion.

"Wait for now." He said with a strange smile at the corner of his lips. He looked at the grouping of princes and said with a weird glint in his eyes, "Just trust me and wait a little longer."

Seraphina stared at him for several seconds before releasing the breath she was holding as she said in a defeated voice, "Okay then."

King Philip sighed in his heart as he looked at the current situation. He knew well what was going on so he didn't ask unnecessary questions, besides, his mood was pretty gloomy after losing the only woman he had ever loved in his entire life apart from his two beloved daughters so he had no intentions of wasting his time with a couple of brats.


Stepping forward, King Philip said with an indifferent expression on his face, "Prince Edmund, I am glad your wounds are better after resting for a few days. I promise you that I will punish the participant Liam Anworth appropriately for beating a prince in such a manner... Really, how dare a little half-demon beat up the crown prince of one of the three strongest kingdoms of the human race."

The expression of the princes and princesses standing behind Edmund became interesting and some of them couldn't help but smirk as they held back the urge to cough or laugh.

pᴀɴdᴀ nᴏveʟ One did not need to be too clever to understand that the words of the King of Gales were destined to become a mockery for the crown prince of the Zivell Kingdom.

Indeed, Edmund Zivell's face turned as red as an African ape's ass and his whole body began to tremble as his eyes oozed flames of rage. The defeat he suffered at the hands of Liam Anworth had become the greatest humiliation of his entire life and worst of all was that even fighting with 11 allies he was still crushed!

Gerard snorted in his heart as he watched Edmund's expression turn into a mess just because of a few simple words. He really couldn't see how such an idiot would be able to rule a kingdom in the future.

Deciding to take matters into his own hands, Gerard stepped forward and said with a slight smile on his face, "I don't think it's fair to punish Liam Anworth for his previous victory. After all, things like winning and losing happen often in the arena. Wouldn't it be better if we let him face Prince Edmund again? From what I heard, Prince Edmund's physical and mental condition wasn't optimal that day so the two of them will probably be able to fight more comfortably today."

"How shameless!" Giles shouted with wide eyes and didn't care at all about the identity of the other party. He pointed his finger at Gerard and shouted out loud, "Liam is currently recovering after fighting the demon army and battling 4 Third Order soul evolvers. I refuse to believe you don't know that! Holy shit! That Prince Edmund whatever was beaten up along with his entire team but you still dare to make excuses?! Even shamelessness should have limits!"

Indeed, Giles' words aroused the anger of Gales' soldiers and even the shy and silent assassin who was part of the most talented of Gales' younger generation, Katt, frowned as she looked at the other party with disapproval.

"Fighting against 4 Third Order soul evolvers from the demon army?" Gerard looked at Giles with indifference and said with boredom in his voice: "Little noble, I will forgive your offense of pointing and shouting at this prince just because you told a good joke, or else even your king wouldn't be able to save your head."

In fact, the other kingdoms did not know about Liam's feats in the war against the demons so no one believed Giles' words at all. On the contrary, Giles' words allowed Gerard to regain control of the situation.

Bang!

Suddenly, the blast of powerful aura that covered all the new arrivals to the point where the faces of all the princes and princesses turned pale resounded under the moonlight.

"Prince Gerard, you really think you can threaten a citizen of my kingdom right under my nose and speak such bold words without suffering any consequences?" 

King Philip's cold voice was so chilling that most of the soldiers accompanying the princes and princesses from other kingdoms could not help but take a step back.

Just at that moment, four men dressed in plate armor and holding swords or spears stepped forward to stand before the princes and princesses. Their auras burst outward and the Soul Power of four soul evolvers above level 125 clashed with King Philip's aura barely managing to contain it.

King Philip's eyes flashed with anger, but the most furious of all was Seraphina, who if it wasn't for Bai Zemin would have already shouted out loud.

"These... Scoundrels!" She was too well educated to say proper curses so she could only grit her teeth as her eyes grew red and tears threatened to fall. "If these four Third Order warriors had participated in the war against the demons not only could many Gales' lives have been saved but my mother would not have had to die!"

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3

