Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 807 Everything Gets Out Of Control (Part2)


Had it not been for the fact that King Philip was being held back by numerous Third Order soul evolvers of the demon race, Bel'gos would never have been able to reach Queen Helena unnoticed. Therefore, Seraphina's words were not exactly wrong even though in war unexpected things could always happen.

After all, adding four human soul evolvers beyond level 115 was no different from adding four colossal variants to the battle against demons.

Although Seraphina had not said those words aloud and it was no more than a whisper, the silence that covered the surroundings allowed most of those present to hear her loud and clear. After all, most of those present were soul evolvers who had at least made it into the First Order.

While those who belonged to the Gales Kingdom looked on with anger and fury as intense as those of the two princesses and the king, the princesses and princes accompanying Gerard frowned and looked at him and Edmund Zivell with doubt in their eyes.

Even Princess Dianna Meyer of the Pralan Kingdom looked at the two princes with a confused and wary expression. She didn't understand why on earth there were four Third Order powerhouses protecting these two but what she understood even less was why none of them deployed such powerful soul evolvers to fight the demons.

Depending on how things would develop from now on, the two crown princes and thus both parent kingdoms could be seen as traitors to the human race. After all, the agreement that all the kingdoms had signed dictated that in a war situation each kingdom had the obligation to support the other as long as their kingdoms were not engaged in war at that moment.

It was precisely the existence of this agreement that helped humanity to rise up considerably fast, and the fact that Prince Edmund and Prince Gerard did not mobilize such powerful warriors could easily be seen as a violation of that agreement.

Gerard looked at Seraphina out of the corner of his eye and said in a cold voice: "Second Princess Seraphina, these two are my personal bodyguards and so are the two soul evolvers along with Prince Edmund. In the hypothetical case that we both send our bodyguards to the battlefield, which would leave us unprotected from the demons, can your Gales Kingdom bear the consequences of the death of the two crown princes of two of the three parents kingdoms of the world? Even the Pralan Kingdom alone would not be able to withstand the wrath of both kingdoms and so many affiliated kingdoms."

Before anyone could say anything, Gerard looked at King Philip and said with some disdain, "That's not to mention the fact that the current Gales Kingdom is so weak that it is doubtful if it can continue to be considered a kingdom."

King Philip's expression visibly changed upon hearing these words and his aura wavered for a moment.

"What do you mean?" the King of Gales asked in a deep voice.

Gerard cleared his throat and said aloud, "With the loss of so many Second Order soul evolvers, can the Gales Kingdom really protect millions of humans? If the demons attack Bearcrest City once again, can Gales ensure that it will protect the lives of millions of innocents? Even the talented mage Helena Milbourne was killed by the demon general Bel'gos."

The territory of the Gales Kingdom was quite large as it had 5 major cities and approximately 15 minor towns. With over 14,000,000 citizens and a total army of over 900,000 among which most of them were on the borders to prevent any kind of invasion, protecting this territory was never really a challenge. However, things were different now.

During the war against the demons, at least 30% of the total number of soul evolvers in Gales had been killed and the number of First Order soul evolvers who had lost their lives was not small. With such a heavy loss, the Gales Kingdom might experience some problems in dealing with the mutated beasts, orcs, and other races.

While it was true that the Gales Kingdom had slaughtered hundreds of thousands of First Order soul evolvers and approximately 10,000 Second Order soul evolvers belonging to the demon race and even one of the ten demon generals had been taken down, what Gerard was pointing out were real facts.

Seeing the pale face of Ellis and Seraphina, as well as the grim expression of the King of Gales, Gerard gained more confidence and continued.

"Even you, King of Gales, have lost a good part of your life span during the war against the demons. In the past, you would have been able to oppress four humans higher than level 120 but now you can't even easily oppress four humans who haven't even reached level 115."

Due to the loss of many records from the use of Soul Rupture, King Philip was no longer as powerful as before, and to return to his former condition he would have to take the lives of at least two existences at kingdom king or demon general level. Knowing this irrefutable fact, he said nothing and continued looking at the prince of the Theles Kingdom with a gloomy expression.


Gerard narrowed his eyes and said in a cold voice, "Not to mention the fact that the royal family of Gales is under suspicion for colluding with demons."

"What did you say?!" 

"You bastard!"

"Take back your words!"

Seraphina, King Philip, and Ellis shouted in fiery anger as they glared at Gerard as if they wanted to peel his skin off.

"Haven't we all seen that semi-demon named Liam Anworth?" Gerard snorted and said righteously, "Who knows if Queen Helena's death wasn't faked? Who can guarantee that all this is not a trick of the demons?"

This time even Bai Zemin narrowed his eyes and a dangerous glint shone in his pupils. He had planned to wait to watch the fun and see where this was all going, but he couldn't take it anymore now that the memory of such a kind and brave person was being soiled in front of his eyes.

Queen Helena had died protecting the kingdom and mankind. She had slaughtered hundreds of thousands of demon race powers which was a feat probably few soul evolvers had ever accomplished before. However, far from being honored, what she was receiving was calumny.

"Therefore, I suggest that-"

"Shut your mouth, you useless little piece of shit."

Gerard's words were cut off by a cold voice and as the princes and princesses, as well as the soul evolvers escorting them turned towards the source, they were surprised to see a stranger staring at Gerard with a frown on his face.

Gerard looked at the young man with black hair and eyes in shock. As if he would rather believe he had something in his ears than believe that someone had dared to insult him in such a manner, he held the pinky finger of both hands to his ears and wiggled them as if he was trying to dig out non-existent dirt.

"You... What did you say?"

Bai Zemin frowned and a flash of disgust shone in his eyes as he said in a serious voice, "If you open your mouth again I'll break all your teeth."

Gerard's eyes flashed with murderous intent and his indifferent voice sent shivers down the spines of the princes and princesses behind him.

"... Kill him. Anyone who intervenes will be labeled as suspected of allying with demons."

The two Third Order soul evolvers protecting Edmund stepped forward as they saw him nod and together with one of Gerard's two bodyguards focused on King Philip as if warning him not to intervene.

On the other hand, the last of the four Third Order soul evolvers turned into a flash of purple lightning and in a blink appeared in front of Bai Zemin with his spear pointed at his heart. Only a small handful of people could see what happened next.

BANG!!!!

BOOM!!!


A bang followed by an explosion and the subsequent collapse of a small artificial mountain resounded under the night sky.

As the dust settled, everyone looked in shock at the level 115 soul evolver lying on the ground over 80 meters away holding his left cheek. However, what most caught everyone's attention was not the fact that a human who everyone had treated as a normal soldier due to his attire could send a Third Order powerhouse flying with a slap but something different.

pᴀɴdᴀ nᴏveʟ "... Holy shit, this daddy really is good at this stuff." Bai Zemin looked at his right hand and a weird glint flashed in his eyes.

He pulled out a star-shaped earring that was embedded in the flesh of the ear he had ripped off the other party after avoiding the spear and slapping it. The records of the earring immediately reflected in his pupils.

[Disguise Earring (Magic grade Treasure): Once a day for 12 hours you can take on the physical appearance of any existence of the same sex and of a similar race that does not exceed you by more than 20 levels. To activate the earring's effect the user must first be clear about the image to use and only certain eye skills or treasures will be able to see through the disguise.]

"D- Demon..." Princess Dianna Meyer of the Pralan Kingdom's face turned pale and she under the custody of two level 90 soul evolvers backed away from all the princes and princesses as she looked at the dark blue-skinned demon slowly standing up with the left side of his face disfigured.

King Philip did not even hesitate to move. His golden spear appeared in his right hand and as he turned into a flash of white light he roared like a furious lion: "TAKE ALL PRINCES, PRINCESSES! WHOEVER RESISTS WILL BE HANDLED AS A TRAITOR OF THE HUMAN RACE!"

Soon, King Philip began to push back the two soul evolvers protecting Gerard. Despite the fact that demons had a naturally superior physical body compared to humans, not even two seconds had passed when the two demons found themselves spitting blood repeatedly after being completely overwhelmed by the king of Gales and his spear technique.

Gerard's face was pale white as he realized that there was no way he could get away from this. He knew he was in serious trouble so he looked at Edmund and shouted hysterically, "You bastard! If you don't join me now then we both go down here!"

Without waiting for a response, he looked at the 10 Second Order soul evolvers that had accompanied him as royal bodyguards and shouted, "All of you, capture as many princes and princesses as possible!"

Soon, the whole place became a mess as the soldiers of the Gales Kingdom began to cautiously surround the princes and princesses along with the soldiers of the other kingdoms. However, the nightmare of the princes and princesses who had accompanied Edmund and Gerard was far greater, as while they were surrounded from the outside, they were being attacked by those they thought were allies.

In less than 5 seconds, a total of 2 princes and 2 princesses had been captured alive by soul evolvers above level 90. Between the two princesses, Bianca Brentwood of the Lidora Kingdom looked at the blade of the sword on her neck with a deathly pale face and did not dare to move at all; all her proud attitude from before had disappeared to the point where her legs were trembling.

Edmund looked at Seraphina and Ellis with red eyes as he shouted furiously, "Capture one of those two first!"

Although Edmund knew that the two princesses of Gales were powerful as he had seen them fight in the competition of kingdoms before, capturing one of them was the only way the King of Gales, the presumably most powerful warrior, could be stopped. 

In fact, Edmund also ordered his soldiers to capture as many princes and princesses from other kingdoms as possible, but what was more surprising was the fact that among the princes and princesses from other kingdoms there turned out to be more who were allied with the demons as four more Third Order soul evolvers of level 115 soon appeared.

Prince Maximus of the Azure Kingdom pointed at Bai Zemin and roared loudly, "Kill him!"

A princess who was barely wearing any clothes also ordered the two demons next to her to help the other two to fight King Philip.

Ellis did not panic despite not having her shield. She activated multiple skills and somehow managed to raise her defense to the point that even without her combat equipment she managed to survive and dodge most of the attacks from the Third Order demon that charged towards her.

On the other hand, Bai Zemin looked at the two demons running towards him with fierce expressions while a third one aimed at Seraphina who was standing next to him.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3

