Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 808 My future husband and father ofmy children

The two demons charging at him definitely had killing intent. After countless battles and having been put in life and death situations innumerable times, Bai Zemin was overly sensitive to things like killing intent, and the killing intent that the two demons were releasing while staring at him intensely was especially high.

In contrast, the demon charging towards Seraphina was being much more cautious and observant of the surroundings.

Bai Zemin's lips curved into a scornful and disdainful grimace that he did not try to cover up at all.

[Crimson Lightning Flash!]

The golden-colored rune with two crimson lightning flashes on Bai Zemin's soul lightened slightly as he expended 120 Mana points. In just an instant, his Agility received a huge boost of +250 points at the same time as blood-colored lightning began to crackle noisily around his body.

"All of you, freeze!"

Bai Zemin's voice spread far and wide, and the effect was immediate as the power of his Blood Manipulation skill rushed in.

All First Order existences were effectively frozen regardless of level; it also didn't matter if it was a soldier, prince, or princess, everyone was frozen. As for Second Order enemy soldiers; they all froze for a brief moment before regaining mobility but at the cost of constantly expending Mana to keep the blood inside their bodies under control.

As for the Third Order demons, they only frowned slightly but did not even falter in their steps.

Just as Bai Zemin dashed forward to take care of the 3 Third Order demons in his way, Seraphina's voice sounded from behind him.

"Earthquake!"

Rumble!!!

The ground suddenly began to shake fiercely and the surroundings rumbled noisily. However, Bai Zemin was surprised to find that his movements did not suffer any backlash no matter how strange it seemed.

On the other hand, the demons were not so lucky.

The three of them cursed as their steps faltered and the movement speed at which they were advancing dropped by at least 30% as they had to struggle not to fall.

"Not bad, ponytails princess!" Bai Zemin praised in an honest voice as being able to hold back three soul evolvers above level 115 in such a way even though she had yet to reach level 80 showed how powerful Seraphina was and how brilliant her skills were.

At the same time, he activated Void Fist three times in a row and in just two seconds hit 300 times in 3 different spots using his two hands.

Three fist marks appeared in the sky, quickly flying towards the demons who had also activated their own skills at the same time as they slashed with their weapons. Not even a second later, the three crystal fist marks collided with the demons' glowing weapons and three loud explosions destroyed the surroundings almost completely.

BOOOOOOOOOOOM!!! BOOOOOOOOOOOM!!! BOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!...

The three demons were sent flying over 300 meters spitting blood before falling to the ground and rolling for another 200 meters and finally coming to a stop. The three struggled to get to their feet as they stared in shock at the human who after stopping briefly resumed chasing them.

"Hmph, I'm just starting, orc." Seraphina snorted. She pointed her magic staff at the three demons and said in a dignified voice, "Panic!"

Three red-colored magic circles with black runes suddenly glowed under the demons' feet and for a split second their movements froze as they were without warning engulfed by a wave of inexplicable fear.

Although the three quickly regained their minds and the magic circles below them were destroyed, Bai Zemin had closed the distance of 500 meters in that brief instant and before the three demons could do anything about it they suddenly felt a great deal of pain in the chest area.

BOOM!!! BOOM!!! BOOM!!!

Three loud but not so chaotic explosions along with the sound of bones being crushed resounded and when the Third Order demons looked down at their chests they noticed that all three had a fist-sized hole in the left side.

"One heart down." Bai Zemin muttered as he casually waved his hands and spread purple blood and demon flesh everywhere.

Attacking the head guaranteed death, but all combat-experienced existences always automatically and reflexively covered their heads in times of crisis. Therefore, Bai Zemin knew that it was not necessarily a safe bet to attack intelligent beings there.

The Third Order demons' counterattack was a rain of physical attacks powered by various magic skills. Each swing of their weapons was enough to make the air tremble and the earth split; no one dared to take a step close.

However, although the three demons were very adept and powerful, the Super Warrior skill that Bai Zemin possessed made him a beast when it came to melee combat.

As lightning crackled around his body, he moved with elegance and finesse amidst the sharp blades barely avoiding damage by a hair's breadth each time. Although the ground beneath his feet shook furiously and he was occasionally struck by black lightning or fiery flames, the defense of his armor was more than enough to keep him from collateral damage.

The princes and princesses, as well as the frozen soldiers, did not look at the battlefield of King Philip or Princess Ellis but focused wide-eyed on the unknown human who was practically playing with 3 Third Order soul evolvers belonging to the demon race.

"Damn you bastard, since you like dodging so much then dodge this!" suddenly roared one of the demons and with a fierce swing a blood-red magic circle glowed on the blade of his sword, "Death Slash!"

Bai Zemin sensed some danger from the incoming attack so he did not dare to be careless. He raised his left hand and said in a deep voice: "Blood Barrier."

Swoosh!

The purple blood of the demons shook and flew, quickly gathering in front of Bai Zemin and forming a neon purple circular barrier two meters in diameter.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!

The crescent-shaped slash slammed into the purple barrier causing the earth to tremble even more ferociously, and at the same time as several large cracks spread out in the surrounding area, a dense cloud of dust rose over 100 meters high.

"Did- Did he die?" asked Edmund trembling with fear in his place.

Even though he could move since he was a Second Order soul evolver, his fear for everything that was happening after he was exposed was so strong that his legs did not obey him at all.

Gerard said nothing and instead looked at the dust cloud with a pale face, hoping that the human had been torn to pieces by the previous attack.

He had thought that with so many soul evolvers of the demon race by his side things would end up working out somehow or another, after all, even past king Philip wouldn't be able to fight so many demons above level 110 at the same time not to mention his current weakened self. However, Gerard didn't count that an unknown monster would appear next to the second princess of Gales which would end up ruining his plans.

BOOM!!! BOOM!!! BOOM!!!

Three explosions were followed by three silhouettes that shot out from within the dense cloud of dust and before the others could identify the three figures they crashed violently into one of the mountains near the cliff.

Part of the mountain collapsed and soon their bodies were buried under a pile of earth and extremely heavy rocks. Even after several seconds, there was no movement at all.

Swoosh!

Before anyone could even say anything, a fourth silhouette emerged from within the dust cloud and in just a second appeared right behind the demon that was attacking Ellis who at this moment had a bloody gash on her right forearm.

"Void Fist!"

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!

The Third Order demon didn't have time to react at all when a golden fist smashed into her head. The demon's brain matter along with fragments of skull and shattered flesh along with hot blood flew everywhere, staining the ground and the surrounding broken decorations.

Ellis' generous chest rose and fell heavily as she gasped for air; proof that her confrontation against the Third Order demon had not been easy at all without her equipment. She looked at Bai Zemin and said with a slightly exhausted smile, "Thank you for that."

Bai Zemin nodded and was about to go help King Philip when he suddenly heard the sound of what sounded like a dragon roaring.

Roaaar!!!

The mighty roar caused Bai Zemin's eardrums to tremble and for a brief moment, his mind went blank just like everyone else.

When he and the rest looked toward the source of the sound, all they saw was King Philip standing with his back straight in the middle of what was a destroyed battlefield. Three lifeless figures lay a short distance away with much of their bodies ripped apart by what appeared to be the bite of a terrifying creature with blood rapidly spreading below.

As King Philip turned around, Bai Zemin noticed that a small part of his white hair had returned to brown as before. Thanks to the gain of pure Soul Power from three Third Order demons, the king had gained a bit of records that helped fill some of the many spaces that had been left vacant after many of his records were used as fuel to increase his power upon the activation of Soul Rupture.

Ellis and Seraphina stood next to Bai Zemin and King Philip soon approached the three of them.

He looked at his two daughters with a look of pride in his eyes, however, his gaze soon fell on Bai Zemin and he couldn't help but smile gratefully, "Zemin, guy.... I didn't thank you last time, but let me thank you this time."

After saying those words, King Philip tried to bow and seeing this Bai Zemin quickly extended a hand to stop him. After all, he really admired this gentle man but fierce as a lion when it came to the safety of his family and people.

Just when Bai Zemin wanted to say something, he noticed that apart from his hand there were two distinctly feminine hands extended from his sides that also prevented the king from bowing.

""Father, you can't do this!""

Ellis' and Seraphina's voices rang out as they both said the same words with the exact same tone.

King Philip looked at his daughters with a frown and said in disgust, "You two think that just because I'm a king I can't bow to someone younger than me? Strong warriors who fight with honorable values deserve to be respected even by the heavens not to mention a little king like me."

Seraphina hesitated a little when she heard her father's words as she did not dare to say the real reason why she didn't want him to bow to Bai Zemin. However, Ellis was very straightforward with her words.

"Father, Bai Zemin will one day be my husband. Don't you think it would be strange for your future son-in-law to receive such a gesture from his future father-in-law?" She said with a serious expression on her beautiful face.

Bai Zemin and Seraphina looked at Ellis in shock, on the other hand, King Philip looked surprised but only for a moment before a big smile appeared on his aged face.

"Ellis, are you telling me that he is destined to be the father of your children?"

The king's voice sounded full of joviality and joy, gaining a slight blush from the first princess who nodded shyly as she secretly looked at Bai Zemin.

"Hahahaha! Good! Very good!" Despite the circumstances, the King of Gales laughed good-naturedly and for a moment forgot the world around him. He looked at Bai Zemin appreciatively and while patting his shoulder said in a cheerful voice, "If it's with this guy then I don't have to worry about anything. Ellis, you have my blessing!"

While Bai Zemin was feeling dumbfounded and not having even a shred of an idea of what was going on, a sudden shout interrupted King Philip's laugh.

"Stop!!!"

The three looked at Seraphina and were astonished to see this second princess looking at her older sister with her eyes wide open and about to shoot flames. She pointed her index finger at Ellis and trembled while gritting her teeth as if she wanted to say something.

"You... You...! Argh!"

In the end, however, Seraphina stomped on the ground so hard that a small crater formed and before anyone could say anything she turned around and hurriedly walked away.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Bai Zemin really felt like asking what was happening. Besides, regardless of everything, he first wanted to make it clear that he was in love with a woman and that woman reciprocated his feelings so he was currently a taken man.

However, Ellis interrupted, "Father, we'd better deal with these people first."

Indeed, when Bai Zemin looked at the group of princes and princesses he quickly noticed the problem. Because his false domain was not capable of greatly affecting Second Order soul evolvers, the soul evolvers accompanying Edmund, Gerard, Maximus, and Princess Tania who wore extremely revealing clothing were clashing against the Second Order soul evolvers protecting the other princes and princesses.

The biggest problem, however, was that two princes and two princesses had been captured and currently had swords on their necks.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3