Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 809 Killing the crown prince Gerard

King Philip's expression was cold as he watched the situation. However, his eyes were not only cold as he looked at the Second Order soldiers who had captured the two princes and the two princesses but they were also cold as he looked at the ones captured.

"Why would we have to worry about them?"

King Philip's voice was chilling. His words made it clear to all present that the kindly king of the past had died along with his wife when the demons attacked two days ago.

"You came here with the intention of threatening my kingdom with the belief that you could take on Gales, wrongly and stupidly assuming that we were weak enough for a couple of brats who haven't even grown up yet to intimidate. They're just harvesting what they sowed, simple as that."

The cold and cruel words that pointed out the reality that everyone already knew made the princes and princesses who had failed to escape safely from the encirclement of enemy soul evolvers even under the protection of their guards feel their blood run cold.

Bai Zemin stopped restraining the blood inside the bodies of the two captured princes and two princesses to see if any of them had anything to say, and not to his surprise, it wasn't long before one of them broke the silence.

"Y-you can't do that, King of Gales!" Shouted aloud one of the captured princes, the fear in his eyes and his expression of terror had practically distorted his handsome and elegant appearance.

King Philip looked at the prince who had just spoken with menacing eyes. His next words practically sealed any hope the two princes and the two princesses might have had.

"You mean a human has to save the lives of some people who betrayed their race after collaborating with the demons?"

The faces of the four turned even paler than they already were if that was even possible.

Right!

They had joined Gerard and the others to intimidate the Gales Kingdom after receiving some interesting promises, but what they didn't know was that Gerard and the rest were collaborating with the demons! It was no use saying that they didn't know since there were many ways to prove the truth, therefore, the words of the King of Gales were completely valid!

Realizing how things were, Princess Bianca closed her eyes and a tear slid down her eye. However, her tear was not of fear but of self-blame.

Her older brother had died when she was still 7 years old in an assault by demons during one of his travels to a different kingdom. Bianca detested demons so strongly that just thinking about them made her blood boil, and now that she realized that she had inadvertently assisted those guilty of her brother's death all she felt was the desire to die right there in order to expiate her sin.Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

King Philip leaned his body slightly forward and held tightly to his spear as he said coldly, "Actually, even if I kill you all here no one will have the right to say anything. Even all the kings of all the kingdoms in the world cannot go against humanity to take revenge for the death of their traitor children."

The faces of the other princes and princesses immediately turned pale while the Second Order soul evolvers protecting them raised their weapons in alarm and with expressions of disbelief.

Princess Dianna of the Pralan Kingdom was also frightened as she hid behind her bodyguards. The Pralan Kingdom had been the parent kingdom of the Gales Kingdom and the relationship between the two kingdoms had always been very good, however, due to her previous action that even her mother did not know about, not only was her life at risk but the good relationship between two kingdoms might soon collapse.

"You are marking your own death sentence, Philip Di Gales!" Gerard shouted as he subconsciously took a step back. "Not only will you be targeted by the demon race but you will also antagonize the 48 kingdoms of Eventide World! Your entire kingdom will be baptized by flames and the blood of your people will be the price to pay for your actions!"

"That may come to pass." King Philip nodded in agreement.

His body turned into a flash of white Light and before Gerard could feel joyful believing that his words had had some effect on the other party his heart almost stopped as he saw the king stop just three feet from him.

"But I'm afraid you won't have the pleasure to see it."

Swoosh!

The golden spear in the hands of the King of Gales flashed and before the soul evolvers next to the prince of the Theles Kingdom could react, the golden armor protecting him was pierced through with ease and his heart pierced from side to side.

Gerard's eyes glistened with disbelief as he watched his blood slowly sliding down the spear's length; was he dying just like that? He, the crown prince of one of the three most powerful kingdoms in all of humanity, was being sacrificed as if he was worth nothing? His bright future and all the promises that awaited him came to an end?

But when Gerard looked up and faced the indifferent eyes of his killer, he realized that the reality was as clear as the pain in his chest.

"You... You..."

Gerard couldn't even finish a sentence properly before the spark of life in his eyes went out and as King Philip pulled the spear from his chest his body collapsed to the floor with a thud.

All the princes and princesses present, even Ellis and Seraphina who was actually watching everything from afar, looked at King Philip with wide eyes in shock.

"You! Philip Di Gales, do you have any idea of the madness you have done?" Roared in anger a Second Order level 90 general belonging to the Theles Kingdom and tasked with protecting Gerard. "When His Majesty George learns that you have killed his son, all of Theles will mobilize to crush Gales!"

Killing the crown prince of a parent kingdom was no small thing at all. No one expected that the king Philip Di Gales said kill and would actually kill! Everyone thought he was just talking but would not dare to carry out his words; even Ellis and Seraphina were no different in this respect!

King Philip didn't stop to chat and instead charged towards the enemy Second Order soul evolvers like a ferocious tiger chasing a bunch of harmless sheep. Although some of the sheep managed to activate two or three skills and cause considerable damage to the terrain, their lives were taken by King Philip's spear an instant later without even suffering any damage.ʟ

The difference between a tiger and a flock of sheep was too great for numbers to close the gap.

Seeing the lifeless corpses on the ground and the blood staining the previously brown earth red, the four Second Order soul evolvers who had managed to capture the two princes and princesses shuddered as they realized that the only thing still keeping them alive was the person at the edge of their swords. However, they knew in their hearts that the guarantee they held in their hands would not keep them alive for much longer.

Edmund Zhivell fell to his knees with a defeated expression on his face. Soon, however, he lunged at Gerard's corpse like a rabid dog and began to beat it without holding back at all.

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!...

With his strength as a Second Order warrior, Edmund's power was unquestionable. His fists soon turned the body devoid of most of its records into a pile of minced meat.

"You bastard! If it weren't for you! If it wasn't for you luring me with those damn promises I wouldn't find myself in this fucking situation!" Edmund's fists continued to rain down in an attempt to vent his anger and fear of knowing that his turn would soon come.

Just then, a clear voice rang out amidst the constant explosions.

"Your Majesty Philip, if I may. I have a suggestion that I would like to discuss with you."

This time there was no one who did not know the owner of that voice. After all, that person had proven to be a monster among monsters even though he hadn't even reached the Second Order.

King Philip turned around and his cold expression became much friendlier and softer: "Zemin, you don't need to ask permission to speak. I consider you part of the family after all."

The corner of Bai Zemin's mouth contracted slightly as he said in a serious voice, "Your Majesty, I'm sure Ellis was only joking before. Besides, I am bound to a woman whom I love and to whom I am linked by an eternal promise."

"Oh?" King Philip's eyes widened slightly but the surprise he felt soon disappeared and was replaced by understanding.

Bai Zemin was not an existence of this world, and regardless of his age, he had a life in his home world. Considering his talent, combat power, bravery, and level of maturity, it was not at all strange for him to have a partner, and in fact, it would be strange if he did not.

Actually, king Philip and the two princesses of Gales had assumed on their own that Bai Zemin was probably a prince or king of a kingdom in his world. After all, the three of them had witnessed his overwhelming power despite the fact that he was only a level 50 soul evolver.

"I wasn't kidding at all," Ellis interjected. She looked at Bai Zemin with her violet eyes shining and said in a clear voice, "Besides, it doesn't matter if you have a partner.... For someone with your power, having 3 or 4 women shouldn't be a big deal. Even though I'm a princess, I'm fine with it since that's how it's meant to be."

Seraphina glared at Ellis with anger and at Bai Zemin with teary eyes. But she said nothing and bit her lips hard to turn her feeling of being treated unfairly into physical pain.

"I'm afraid I have no intention of accepting a second partner." Bai Zemin sighed.

Even if feelings were put aside, Lilith's status was countless times higher than Bai Zemin's. Wouldn't it be stupid for him to even think of having more than one woman? It would be the same if a vagabond who was fortunate enough to be chosen by the empress of a kingdom wanted to have concubines; completely irrational.

He did not wait for words from Ellis and instead looked at King Philip: "Your Majesty, I suggest first to keep the princes Edmund and Maximus, as well as that princess, in the dungeons.... Their guards can be killed though."

"Do you have something in mind?" Philip asked raising an eyebrow.

"That's right," Bai Zemin nodded and continued, "As for the rest of the princes and princesses, they can be kept in rooms under the custody of powerful warriors. Their soldiers should be captured and sent to the dungeons just in case."

King Philip looked at Bai Zemin for a few seconds and seeing the slight smile at the corner of his mouth for some reason the king felt he was looking at a wily old fox instead of a young man. However, his trust in Bai Zemin was quite high after all that had happened so he didn't hesitate to nod.

"Well, let's do that for now and I'll decide what I'll do with them after I hear your proposal."

Bai Zemin rubbed his hands together like a fiend in his heart as now he would be able to more than meet his initial goal. The only problem was that what he wanted to do was something that would require time.

"Now..." Bai Zemin slowly turned to look at the four Second Order soul evolvers clenching their swords on the necks of the two princes and the two princesses.

Even he was not able to cross a distance of 200-300 meters faster than a Second Order soul evolver was able to move its hand a couple of inches to cut off the head of a hostage.

'The lives of these four people I couldn't care less about... but if I manage to save them, I'm sure they will become good weapons to move their kingdoms for me.'

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3