Chapter 810 One-Woman Man & Grand Pact (Part 1)

'The lives of these four people I couldn't care less about... but if I manage to save them, I'm sure they will become good weapons to move their kingdoms for me.'

After a moment of consideration, he found the way he would have the best chance of saving the two princes and the two princesses from death. The first thing he did was to activate Blood Manipulation, and as he imagined in his head thick and strong, indestructible chains, the blood on the ground moved according to his wishes.

The Second Order soul evolvers did not even have time to understand what was happening. When they felt unknown objects clinging to their limbs and body, they instinctively tried to cut with their swords but were surprised to find that they were trapped.

One of them realized that the situation was not good, and since he knew he was about to die, he decided to be cruel: "Power of-"

BOOM!!!

That soul evolver's head exploded into a pile of bloody pulp before he could finish the activation of his skill. The other three didn't even have time to say a word before a golden light with red highlights flashed before them almost at the same time.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

BOOM!!!! BOOM!!!! BOOM!!!

Three practically simultaneous explosions with no space between them resounded noisily, and at the same time as three basin-sized holes appeared on the ground, the heads of the three remaining Second Order soul evolvers exploded like watermelons with grenades planted inside.

The two princes and two princesses froze as they heard the sound of swords falling to the ground, clinking softly before going silent.

Subconsciously, Bianca Brentwood of the Lidora Kingdom moved her trembling hand to her neck and gently stroked it. The fear that had disappeared due to her self-blame returned as she felt the small cut on her skin and her face turned pale as she realized that she had come within a millimeter of becoming one of the many corpses on the ground.

Her aquamarine eyes looked at the indifferent young man standing in front of her and the other three members of the royal families from different kingdoms. The heart of the proud princess of the Lidora Kingdom fluttered in a way it did never before, and on her pale face appeared the faint trace of what appeared to be a blush.

"Hehe, daddy Zemin looks like your charm is too high at the moment."

Lilith's giggle reached Bai Zemin's hearing, confusing him about the reason for her words. However, when he looked at Bianca Brentwood, Bai Zemin couldn't help but roll his eyes.

This princess was very beautiful, so beautiful that among the Lower Existences that Bai Zemin knew only Shangguan Bing Xue was able to surpass her by a wide margin. However, he had seen Bianca Brentwood's heart long before.

An arrogant woman who used her status to bully the weakest. A narrow-minded person who could not see beyond what her eyes showed her. Pretentious and proud of her appearance and talent even though in Bai Zemin's eyes she did not have the qualifications to be so.

Bai Zemin was absolutely certain that he could never even think of reciprocating the feelings of a woman like her. Therefore, even though he knew he could use this to his advantage, Bai Zemin followed his own rule of never playing with people's feelings and decided to set the record straight.

"Whatever you are thinking or feeling, I advise you to suppress it and kill it now while it is early and still possible. You will save yourself a lot of heartaches and avoid spilling tears in the future.... If you don't understand what I mean, then I will assume I made an error in judgment and you just need to treat as if I never said anything."

Bai Zemin's voice was not particularly loud, but most of those present were powerful soul evolvers so they heard his words clearly.

Princess Bianca stared into his eyes and many complicated feelings shone in her beautiful pupils. After a few seconds, she nodded towards him without saying anything but expressing enough.

Bai Zemin nodded feeling relieved that the other side seemed to understand what he was talking about, and without saying anything else or thinking too much about the matter, he turned around; walking away in the direction of the people of Gales.

King Philip asked no questions regarding what had just happened and instead got straight to the point: "Zemin, thank you for your help, once again." . coᴍ

Bai Zemin chuckled and shook his head as he slowly said, "No need to thank me. Gales treated me kindly since I arrived here, not to mention the fact that the second princess Seraphina even saved my life while I was unconscious. Since I have the ability to help those who helped me, it's only natural to do what I can."

* * *

Approximately 20 minutes later, Bai Zemin was in his room inside the castle belonging to the royal family of the Gales Kingdom.

As he stood by the giant window and gazed at the bright lights in the distant city below the mountain, thousands of thoughts swirled one after another in his head. In an hour's time, he and the King of Gales would meet in the throne room to discuss several matters that would greatly change the situation of humanity both on Eventide World and Planet Earth.

"Are you sure about what you are about to do?"

Lilith's voice was sweet and melodious, in the middle of the silent room it was not unlike the whisper of an angel.

Bai Zemin did not take his eyes off the city lights as he calmly said, "Em, I'm sure."

Lying on the bed on her left side, Lilith looked at his back for a few seconds before slowly saying, "What you are planning to do will not be something that can be accomplished in two or three days. Even with trained, high-level troops under the flag of this kingdom, even with your full strength, you will need months of time."

"I am aware of that," Bai Zemin replied, and without changing his tone of voice, he remarked, "However, it is something that will benefit Earth in both the short and long term. At the same time, what I am planning to do will solidify my future path. No matter which way I look at it this is something that must be done as soon as possible, and the brilliant opportunity showed itself before my eyes during the ceremony to honor the departed this evening."

"... Even though I know I'm being pessimistic in saying this, I think it's a question that needs to be asked." Lilith whispered. She slowly stood up and walked until finally she stopped standing next to him, after almost a minute of silence, Lilith finally voiced her concerns, "During these months, many things will happen. Especially considering that Earth has just entered the second stage and how erratic its behavior has been so far. Zemin, have you thought about the possibility that upon your return everything you have built so far might have been torn down?"

"Of course, I have considered it." Bai Zemin replied calmly.

Apart from Xuanyuan Wentian and his nuclear weapons, Bai Zemin's group faced constant dangers day by day. The ferocity of the mutant beasts that attacked without fear, the terror of the zombies that evolved non-stop, the high reproductive rate of the goblin race, the mysterious plans of one of the eastern sea princes.... The Transcend faction could fall at any moment.

"We are too weak to go against fate. Even you, one of the most powerful existences in the universe, cannot decide your own fate completely.... What else can we mere mortals do other than give our best bet on every roll of the dice?" Bai Zemin sighed.

To evolve and continue to survive, Bai Zemin knew in his heart that talent or growth speed was not enough. Just as in order to get fish one needed to at least be near the sea, in order to get stronger faster one needed to take bigger risks.

"If my gamble succeeds, not only will our Transcendent faction become the undisputed overlord of China in record time... but it will be just a matter of mobilizing to conquer the whole of Asia and eventually Earth."

After a pause, Bai Zemin said with murderous intent brimming but low voice, "If my gamble fails and Shangguan Bing Xue does not succeed in defending our bases, if someone precious to me ends up falling.... Then I'll make sure that even the world itself regrets touching what it shouldn't have touched."

Lilith closed her eyes slowly, trying not to let her worry show in her expression.

"Don't worry, that Shangguan-surnamed girl and her mother are very powerful. Besides, as long as no abnormally powerful human or other race soul evolver appears, your troops should be able to hold out at each base while reinforcements arrive."

Bai Zemin nodded silently.

He did everything within his power. Not only had he gathered many talents but he had also brought out of the shell people who previously did not have the courage to fight but were now powerful soul evolvers. Furthermore, due to his constant insistence, each and every soul evolver who followed him had at least slightly stronger records and purer Soul Power than those at their level.

His Transcendent faction was not weak at all. Even if Xuanyuan Wentian fired a nuclear weapon at each of the faction's bases, which was unlikely even if he had control over at least one of the orbiting satellites, the Sky Destroyer had the ability to protect at least his family.

'Once I return, there will be no one capable of opposing either me or my faction.' Bai Zemin narrowed his eyes and his aura became dominant as he thought to himself, 'Once China is under my control, my next target will be Russia to complete Evangeline's petition before finally heading to the East Sea.'

* * *

An hour later, Seraphina and Ellis approached Bai Zemin's door.

"There was no need for you two to come all this way." Said he while closing the door behind him and looking at the two princesses of this kingdom not knowing whether to laugh or cry at the strange atmosphere surrounding them.

Ellis seemed not to sense her little sister's animosity at all. She smiled at Bai Zemin's words and said without fear of expressing her thoughts, "Could it be that you just wanted me to come to your room?"

Bai Zemin cleared his throat not only because of Ellis' words but also because for a second he thought he saw the legendary manifestation of anger aura right behind Seraphina just as he had read in many novels in the past.

"Ellis, a princess shouldn't say those words." He said in a serious voice.

However, Ellis shook her index finger and while winking playfully said in a clear voice, "You seem to forget something? Before I am a princess, I am a soul evolver. Although I was born in a castle and received the highest education in the world, my character was forged on the battlefield. Do you think my level can be reached by learning how to brew tea?"

Bai Zemin shook his head, refusing to continue with this matter. Once the three of them arrived in front of the closed door of the throne room, he turned to look especially at Ellis as he said in a serious voice.

"Ellis, I'll be honest with you. I don't quite know if you mean what you say or not, but regardless I must emphasize that I have no intentions of loving any other woman other than the one I already love."

Bai Zemin sighed as he saw the surprise in the eyes of the first Princess of Gales, and with a slight smile, he culminated his words, "Well, you are this beautiful and talented. I'm sure you'll eventually find the right man for you, one who isn't as disastrous and trouble-attracting as I am."

Leaving those words behind, Bai Zemin left Ellis and Seraphina for at least one of them to take some time to think about his words. After opening the door, he closed them tightly behind so as not to let anyone enter or hear the conversation that was about to occur.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3