Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 812 Lilith's training

The day after Bai Zemin and King Philip met behind closed doors in the throne room.

Standing on top of the northern walls of Bearcrest City, a group of soldiers guarded the two princesses of the kingdom while looking up at the sky as if they were waiting for something.

A few minutes later, several black silhouettes shot into the sky from the back of the castle, and in less than a minute those same black silhouettes flew over the city more than 1000 meters above the heads of the citizens who raised their necks in astonishment at the sight of the shadows forming on the ground.

"Diurnal Bat!"

"The royal family really mobilized the Diurnal Bats!"

"Looks like the news that some princes and princesses betrayed our human race is true after all."

"But... Aren't those too many Diurnal Bats? Are there more than 40 messages to send?"

...

The citizens began to discuss with concern as they watched the creatures moving farther and farther away with each flap of their wings until they could no longer see them due to the distance and the buildings.

The news of what had happened on the mountain behind the royal castle naturally could not be contained from the citizens of Gales, after all, not only were there soldiers that day but also the relatives of the soldiers who had lost their lives in the war against the demons three days before.

The only good thing was that no one knew that the king of Gales was planning something much bigger or else the panic among the citizens would have already reached levels impossible to control. Although many were nervous about the future and the fear of the war that had recently occurred was still lingering, as long as there were no large-scale wars as happened three days ago just outside the city they were willing to accept anything.

High up on the walls, the first princess and the second princess watched as the Diurnal Bats began to slowly split apart as they approached the distant horizon before finally becoming dots too small to be seen by anyone and then disappearing.

"Father is really planning something very big this time." Seraphina whispered with apprehension in her voice. "Except for times of war, flying mounts are not mobilized in groups of dozens... but the strange thing is that there were only messengers on the backs of the bats."

Ellis frowned and said with some annoyance in her voice, "This morning I tried to ask dad what was happening, but all he said was that in a few days we would all find out. I tried to talk to Bai Zemin about it too, but when I went to his room I couldn't find him anywhere."

Seraphina sighed, and as she turned to go back to the castle said softly, "I guess we can only wait for now."

After Seraphina left in the company of some members of the group that represented Gales in this generation's competition of kingdoms, the frown on Ellis' face grew even stronger as the uneasiness in her heart began to grow, and as she looked off into the distance couldn't help but mutter in a voice that only she could hear.

"What are you planning, Bai Zemin..."

* * *

In the Forest of The Ancients, deeply immersed in what was once the territory of the demon race.

The blue flames had consumed all life for miles around the central area of the Forest of the Ancients. From demons to trees and plants; everything had been turned to ash and the ground had been scorched to the point where rocks melted and turned into glowing lava.

In an area surrounded by mountains and large rocks that had only been partially melted because they were on the edge of the demons' territory, explosions had been blowing constantly for several hours.

Boom!... Boom!... Boom! Boom!... Boom!...

Although there was a short period of silence between explosions, that period of time was slowly but surely getting shorter. While it was true that occasionally a lone orc or mutant beast would appear and approach attracted by the noise, no living existence managed to survive for too long and the pile of battered corpses strewn everywhere was proof that the perpetrator was in no mood for games.

Boom!!!!

After destroying a rock over 10 meters high and half as wide, Bai Zemin stopped and turned to look at Lilith who was glaring at him indifferently several meters behind.

"Say, Lilith... Is it really necessary for me to do this?" Bai Zemin asked as he looked at his "weapon" not knowing whether to laugh or cry. "Using a whip really doesn't fit me at all, you know that right? Going from using a heavy weapon weighing several tons to using this light string is not something easy and pleasant.... To be bluntly honest, the damage of a whip is too small and doesn't suit the path I walk."

He had been waving around for several hours a mutant beast hamstring after Lilith brought him to this forest as soon as they woke up. What confused Bai Zemin the most was that she was being especially serious about it and when he tried to explain to her that whips were not his forte she rejected any kind of logic.

This was the fourth time Bai Zemin had told her that there was no point in continuing this kind of training. At the end of the day, for a wielder of a heavy weapon such as Bai Zemin's greatsword there was no logic in using whips not to mention the fact that he was not good with whips at all.

Although the Super Warrior skill made Bai Zemin a fluent existence with almost every weapon in the existence, the whip was curiously one of those weapons of which the skill did not bestow dexterity or knowledge other than the basics.

Lilith looked at Bai Zemin in silence for a few seconds, and seeing that he really wasn't too enthusiastic about it she decided to show him how blind he was being. She looked at one of the mountains over 300 meters away and said in a lazy voice, "Attack that mountain over there."

"With the whip?" Bai Zemin looked at her with wide eyes.

"Not with the whip," She shook her head and said calmly, "Use your Crimson Thunder Dragon's Last Words and use every point of Strength you have to hit the mountain."

"This..." Bai Zemin looked at the 250+ meter high mountain and said in a low voice, "The mountain will be destroyed if I attack without holding back.... Even if this world is more robust than Earth, my current Strength is comparable to that of a level 140 or 150 soul evolver..."

"Stop being a little girl and attack the mountain once and for all." Lilith frowned and growled under her breath.

Bai Zemin raised both hands in surrender. After taking out his greatsword from the storage ring and as he walked towards the mountain, he couldn't help but think that even women who had already reached the level of Higher Existences became grumpy when certain days of the month arrived.

As Bai Zemin reached the foot of the mountain he looked back over his shoulder, and seeing Lilith nodding at him, he finally gave up. Bai Zemin brought his greatsword behind him on the right side of his body as he stood sideways, and after clinging tightly to the hilt, the muscles in his arms swelled.

With a fierce swing and low growl, the air exploded generating loud bangs as the giant sword slammed towards the mountain.

BOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!!

The ground shook and the mountain shattered a second after Bai Zemin completed the swing with his weapon. Boulders of all sizes flew everywhere and as they fell to the ground cracked after exploding noisily.

Standing in front of what was a mess of rocks with only a small elevation above his height, Bai Zemin slowly straightened his stance and after stabbing the tip of his greatsword into the ground he turned to look at Lilith.

"And now what?" he asked unsure of how he should feel.

Lilith said nothing in response. She picked up the mutant beast hamstring that Bai Zemin had thrown on the ground earlier and then walked towards him.

"Do you mind if I borrow your weapon for a moment?" Lilith asked as she pointed at the giant sword with crimson lightning flashes. sure, no problem." Bai Zemin made a gesture of invitation quickly.

As he watched her attach the hilt of the weapon to the mutant beast hamstring, Bai Zemin couldn't help but point out with a slight frown, "Lilith, you've been behaving a bit weird since this morning. Is something wrong? Whatever it is, you can talk to me about it.... While I may not be able to be of much help with your problems, I can at least try to help you find a solution."

Without stopping her movements and making sure that the tip of the mutant beast hamstring was firmly attached to the hilt of the greatsword, Lilith said in a clear voice, "It's nothing like that.... Rather, I realized that there was no point in trying to keep you away from some things."

"... Keep me away from some things?" Bai Zemin repeated softly as he looked at her with eyes full of confusion.

Lilith said nothing more and after finishing the job she held out her right hand with the other end of the mutant beast hamstring in her palm. Her ruby eyes looked into his black eyes with clarity and said slowly, "Here."

He grabbed the end of the "whip" by instinct, and just as he was about to ask something, Lilith explained.

"See that mountain over there? Go ahead and use every point of Strength to strike again just like you did with the previous mountain, except this time I want you to use the mutant beast hamstring to spin your weapon in the sky before swinging."

Bai Zemin's expression changed upon hearing this and he finally realized what Lilith wanted to achieve by making him use a whip.

By adding not only the swinging force but also the speed as well as the height to the slashing force and the gravity of the world, the power behind Bai Zemin's attack would be completely different from before even though he would be using the same number of points.

However... Was it really possible to use this kind of attack in real combat? One time should be fine, but in a constant battle between two high-level soul evolvers with great Agility? At least Bai Zemin couldn't see how such a thing could even be possible.

He did not argue and did as Lilith asked.

Stopping about 200 meters away from another mountain slightly taller and sturdier than the previous one, Bai Zemin threw his great sword towards the sky and using his right arm quickly began to twist the mutant beast hamstring.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Boom!!! BoOM!!!! BOOM!!!! BOOOOOM!!!! BOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!....

For every second that passed, the speed at which the mutant beast hamstring was spinning became faster and faster without the pressure of the wind, and thus, the speed at which the large sword attached to the other end was moving did not stop increasing. In just a few seconds, the sky began to rumble slightly and by the time 30 seconds had passed Bai Zemin found himself in disbelief as he felt the earth beneath his feet tremble.

"Hold on until you can't stand the pressure and then strike!"

Bai Zemin barely heard Lilith's words only thanks to her shouting and soon enough his expression changed as he realized that the surrounding air was being carried somewhere. However, when Bai Zemin looked up at the sky and noticed the huge swirl of red lightning that had formed in the sky, his face turned pale.

This attack... If he hit the mountain in front of him with this thing, Bai Zemin had no doubt that the result would be absolutely and totally different from before.

After a few more seconds, Bai Zemin could not help but roar from the bottom of his heart as he felt the muscles in his arm begin to go numb and without further hesitation, he made the move to slash with a sword.

Not even a fraction of a second passed when the greatsword impacted against the mountain, however, Bai Zemin felt no resistance at all unlike the previous time.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!

He released his grip on the mutant beast's hamstring and hurriedly put his arms in an 'X' shape in front of his face. The shockwave hit him full in the chest and even with 30% being suppressed by his Solitude's Armor of Infinite Trials, Bai Zemin felt some pain in his chest and his face contracted slightly as the remaining 70% pushed his body more than 200 meters backwards.

Even after a full 20 seconds, the earth continued to rumble along with the sky that seemed to shake even though the cause was the mass movement of the ground and the air spreading everywhere once again.

Lilith looked at the hell of crimson lightning that had spread everywhere along with the destruction caused by the previous attack and could not help but sigh in her heart.

'This was a practically completely physical attack with no magic at all.... Ironically and despite being so simple, only a handful of existences in the universe would be able to handle the pressure without losing one or both of their arms.'

When Bai Zemin finally opened his eyes and looked ahead, he found it hard to believe what he was seeing.

The mountain from before was nowhere to be seen; there were not even small rocks on the ground to prove that it had ever existed. However, apart from a huge crater at least 4000 meters in diameter, two other mountains that were not there before had formed in the crater with a clear cut in the center; the place where the greatsword had cut through.

Counting his treasures, he had used the same 1025 Strength points for both attacks.... But the results of both trials had been completely different.

The level of destruction of this attack was very close to the activation of Bai Zemin's most destructive skill, Crimson Blood Judgment, without boosting it with more Mana than normal and without the Endless Blue Lotus Flame or the Mystic Pendant.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3