Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 816: Death of the enemy Mage General & Mysterious Figure

The troops of the Maiston Kingdom were very confident about today's war. After practically crushing the troops of Gales the day before and taking over 10 kilometers of territory from the other side, the soul evolvers from Maiston were confident that today would be another great victory.

"Little punks from Gales, I hope you're ready to lose Nuseon Town this time!"

"Hahahaha!"

Mounted on ash-gray mutant horses, the Maiston Kingdom troops proudly marched forward while beating their shields using swords and spears. It didn't look like they were marching to war but to crush an ant.

However, the Maiston Kingdom's confidence was completely justified considering that they practically had twice as many soldiers and twice as many Second Order soul evolvers. Not to mention the fact that King Logan had yet to make an appearance while the enemy king probably had his hands full putting out the fire elsewhere in his kingdom.

Sitting on a glossy black horned tiger, a Second Order mutant beast with great combat power, General Lazas took the enemy's taunts with an indifferent expression.

He raised his sword and roared loudly, "Charge!" "Speed Boost!" "Thunder Storm!" "Sliding Steps!" "Anti-Wind!" At the same time that all kinds of skills were activated, General Lazas had already charged first than anyone else towards the enemy side and in a jiffy crossed over 50o meters.

Seeing Lazas charging fiercely on the homed tiger that had left a dense cloud of dust everywhere it passed, General Pierre did not dare to be careless, and at the same time as he drew his sword, he said in a deep voice to one of the generals next to him, "Jim, you take care of the homed tiger as I take care of that old thing called Lazas." "That damn mutant beast really gets on my nerves!" The soul evolver named Jim who was a level 83 warrior immediately activated a series of skills that boosted his physical power and without hesitation charged forward alongside Pierre. "Lazas, it's good that you came early at the time of your funeral!" Pierre roared as he activated his Volcanic Rage skill and his body was surrounded by burning flames.

Seeing his greatest enemy charging towards him, General Lazas jumped off the back of the horned tiger which continued on its way to engage the other enemy powerhouse. While still in the sky, Lazas slashed downward with his sword at the same time as he shouted aloud, "Cut Bright Wind!"

Pierre snorted and with a fierce swing of his sword, a flare of fire shot skyward to meet the enemy slash.

B000000000000000MM

When the bright wind blade and the blazing flames met loo meters over the ground a thunderous explosion shook the earth and as uncontrollable flames flew everywhere the ground was covered in cracks.

Not even a second had passed since the two attacks collided when the surroundings were filled with sparks and loud explosions with shockwaves breaking out all around. The two top level generals of both armies became entangled in a deadly melee dance that in the eyes of the others was of a standard too high for them to comprehend.

The horned tiger and the enemy general named Jim also began to fight viciously. Even though the horned tiger was only a level 78 mutant beast, its superior physique and bestial capabilities allowed it to easily take on the soul evolver of the Maiston Kingdom with a slight tendency to slowly suppress him.

The Gales Kingdom previously had only 6 Second Order soul evolvers that had been mobilized to this battlefield while the Maiston Kingdom had ii of such powerhouses. During yesterday's war, all the Second Order soul evolvers of the Gales Kingdom had suffered wounds of some sort after having to fight practically two equivalent enemies at the same time.

The soul evolvers of the Maiston Kingdom expected to face the same 6 enemies as yesterday, however, they were in for a big surprise when 7 Second Order soul evolvers wearing shining armor appeared out of nowhere and joined the previous 6 to take numerical advantage.

However, that was not all. The surprise of the generals of the Maiston Kingdom reached its peak when under everyone's disbelieving eyes, an army of at least 700,000 soul evolvers charged from a distance with ferocity that was not present yesterday.

"Shit, where did these bastards come from?!" "Gales sent reinforcements?!" "Weren't they supposed to be busy taking on the Krap Kingdom in the north and the Beodian Kingdom in the west?!"

Shouts and curses echoed everywhere as the edge of the swords met the resistance of the enemy swords or shields while wails and cries of pain spread across the battlefield when the armor was not enough to resist the enemy attack

"Now you are not as brave as yesterday, uh?!" "What happened to that past fighting bravery, Maiston's bitches!" "This father wants to see if when the sun goes down you can laugh as you did before!"

As the soul evolvers of the Maiston Kingdom fought with apprehension and shock in their hearts, the soul evolvers of the Gales Kingdom attacked like enraged lions now that their enemies could no longer use their previous numerical advantage to oppress them.

Although the soul evolvers of the Krap Kingdom who had surrendered after the defeat of their king at the hands of Bai Zemin and being threatened with the safety of their loved ones showed some resistance at first, they were also hot-blooded warriors. Seeing the Maiston Kingdom soldiers attacking with the intention of killing them, they began to show their teeth and less than 2 hours later they had practically become one unit with the soul evolvers of Gales.

During the first hours, the difference between the two sides was not so great. Even with i Second Order soul evolver over the it that the Maiston Kingdom had, the Gales troops did not manage to oppress the enemy as half of their Second Order powers were wounded and had not fully recovered from yesterdays war.

However, after 3 hours of warfare, things changed when strangely the mages located at the back of the Maiston Kingdom's army began to fall one after another.

"Shit, where is it?!"

"It's an assassin!" "Bring it out! The warriors closest to the rear began to curse as some of them used skills like Earthquake and Stampede to shake the ground in an unsuccessful attempt to force the enemy out.

The general of the Maiston Kingdom's mage force, Christopher Rogers, a powerful level 93 mage, gritted his teeth at the sight of both mages and healers being slaughtered like sheep and was quick to identify the culprit as a Second Order assassin.

"Revealing Light!"

A pale white light shot out from Christopher Rogers' wand, and after reaching a height of 200 meters, it exploded. Particles of white light rained down from the sky and scattered everywhere thanks to the wind blowing strongly, in an instant revealing over 40o enemy assassins who were waiting for the opportunity to attack in the distance, staring at the mages with hungry expressions on their faces.

Being taken by surprise, the assassins quickly retreated before hiding again after leaving the area affected by the Revealing Light skill. However, Christopher was not satisfied as those were not the targets he was aiming for.

"Over there!" "Stop him!" "Bastard!" Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Christopher quickly turned his head to the right and barely made it in time to see the silhouette of a person wearing blood-red plate armor zigzagging between the allied troops. The speed of the other party was so high that in less than 3 seconds he managed to evade the magic attacks aimed in his direction and by the time Christopher wanted to pursue the enemy had left the range of Revealing Light and had gone back into invisibility. "You want to run?! Why don't you stay here better!" Christopher's eyes were red like those of an enraged bull and without hesitation he cast several skills on himself to improve his Agility.

Although Christopher knew that leaving his post like this would mean that the enemy kingdom's soldiers would feel less pressure without his fatal magic attacks raining down continuously, leaving an assassin able to so easily move in and out of the army's rear would result in the death of countless mages of the Maiston Kingdom which would eventually reflect on the overall battle.

"Shining Mark!"

Bai Zemin had been testing the waters while practicing a somewhat different combat style than he was accustomed to using. However, just as he was about to break out of the enemy ranks, his expression changed slightly as he felt a trail of mana stick to his back, and to his surprise, he was unable to wipe it off despite trying.

Looking over his shoulder and seeing the enemy general chasing, Bai Zemin snorted in his heart and quickly began to move in strange patterns.

BOOOM.T BOOOMM BOOOMO ....

The enemy mage general's magic attack power was definitely not low. Although Bai Zemin could kill Second Order powers without any problems, taking on the magic attacks of such a powerhouse would definitely not be something to laugh at. After all, mages naturally possessed more destructive attacks compared to warriors.

Large craters formed all over the place as Christopher chased after Bai Zemin determined to hunt him down. However, even as flames and lightning rained down from the sky, even as hundreds of earth spikes suddenly shot up from the ground, Christopher was surprised to find that the enemy's perception of danger and battle instinct was far beyond what he had anticipated.

Suddenly, the expression of the major mage general of the Maiston Kingdom changed when after looking back and realizing that he had strayed too far from the main army, he finally realized the mistake he had made.

Christopher was confident in hunting Second Order warriors or assassins, however, this assassin for some reason gave him a bad feeling so the thought of wanting to retreat began to grow stronger and stronger in his chest.

Just then, Christopher noticed something that made his face go pale as a sheet.

"The mark..." Christopher looked wide-eyed at the figure that continued to move away but no longer had the mark of his skill on it.

.13000Mil I

Without warning, Christopher was hit in the chest by what seemed to be a giant truck His body was sent flying backwards as his rib cage caved inward and half of his heart was crushed by the blow.

After rolling several meters on the ground, he used what little strength he had left to open his eyes and as he looked ahead he finally understood how wrong his decision to pursue the assassin of the Gales Kingdom had been.

Standing next to his clone, Bai Zemin looked at the enemy mage with an indifferent expression before looking off into the distance and narrowing his eyes.

When Christopher finally closed his eyes and died, the last thing he saw was his assassin's body becoming a blur and then disappearing completely, not even bothering to take the treasures from his body or his equipment.

A few seconds later, two silhouettes approached from a distance. One was wearing deep blue plate armor while the other had its body covered under a large black cloak

"Looks like one of your generals was killed just like that, Logan." Said the figure in the black cloak, its voice was hoarse clearly faked on purpose.

The warrior wearing deep blue plate armor, king of the Maiston Kingdom, looked at the corpse of the mage general of his kingdom's legion of mages with a frown before looking around the vicinity as if searching for something.

"Hmph." King Logan snorted and the aura of a Third Order soul evolver accidentally leaked out of his body due to anger.

He walked towards Christopher's body and as if it was a piece of trash pierced his head, casually extripating the Soul Stone inside and then dispossessed him of even the magic robe he was wearing.

Without further words, the two silhouettes left quickly as if they were in a hurry with something and soon the surroundings were almost completely silent, being the exception the explosions coming from the battlefield in the distance.

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets.. I hope we can all keep it up <3