Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 817 Enemy night raid

Using Invisibility in conjunction with his equipment that strengthened the skill by an extra 15%, Bai Zemin watched from afar as the king of the Maiston Kingdom walked away along with the cloaked figure.

After making sure that the two had left, he came out of his invisibility mode and sneered in a low voice.

"Those two farts think they can cheat this daddy? This daddy was sleeping with countless heavenly beauties and hunting monsters or saving worlds while they sat on their broken thrones."

Swoosh!

Bringing with her that delicious scent of fresh roses that Bai Zemin loved so much, Lilith appeared standing on the same tree branch he was sitting on. She looked down at him sidelong and said in a lazy voice, "You're pretty cheeky to be just a virgin."

Bai Zemin slowly stood up on the tree branch and looked sidelong at her as he slowly said, "This senior has read at least about 400 novels in his life, some of them even counted thousands of chapters. Haven't you heard that every book is a different world? That means I've lived hundreds of lives, experienced hundreds of worlds, and slept with thousands of beauties."

Lilith rolled her eyes and couldn't keep the corners of her bewitching red lips from arching upward. She really couldn't get enough of being together with Bai Zemin because his occasional jokes always made her smile. All the women who thought he was just a serious person would probably be surprised to find out that Bai Zemin actually also had his own sense of humor that kept things fresh in the relationship.

"What are you going to do now? Those guys were clearly waiting to see if they could lure you in." Lilith said after a moment of silence.

"Hmm... If those guys were Third Order soul evolvers barely above level 100, then I would have attacked them right now." Bai Zemin muttered as he gazed into the distance with cold eyes. "However, all of them are above level 150.... The worst of them all is that invisible assassin who didn't come out until the end. If it wasn't for the fact that I left a spark of the Endless Blue Lotus Flame in the chest of that mage named Christopher when I hit him earlier I wouldn't have detected the heat of a third hidden soul evolver."

"Well, we'll see what to do later."

Swoosh! Swoosh!

Bai Zemin's body and Lilith's body swayed and the two disappeared from the top of the tree. Soon, the blowing wind not only carried away the remaining scent of their presence but the surroundings were filled with the smell of blood coming from the distant battlefield.

* * *

After discovering the existence of 3 Third Order soul evolvers on the enemy side, Bai Zemin no longer went out to wreak havoc among the enemy ranks to avoid attracting them and causing misfortune for all.

Although Bai Zemin did not charge through the ranks of mages again, General Christopher's fall was felt very strongly. While the army composed by the troops of Gales and Krap rejoiced in their hearts, the troops of the Maiston Kingdom grieved with gritted teeth after the loss of a powerhouse capable of pressing thousands of enemies on his own.

As the hours passed, the soldiers began to tire more and more due to the continuous loss of Stamina. Their attacks were no longer as fierce or sharp as before, their reflexes had atrophied, and their reaction speed plummeted. By the time the sun began to descend on the distant horizon and the blue sky turned crimson red due to the rays of light reflecting off the blood particles floating in the air, the two armies finally showed signs of no longer being able to continue.

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!....

Both Lazas and Pierre continued to fight despite the exhaustion they both felt. Sparks flew everywhere every time the edge of their swords clashed, the two had built with blood and ferocity their own battlefield that no one dared to step into.

Suddenly, the sound of a horn sounded from the north and upon hearing this sound Pierre immediately reacted by using a skill to push his enemy back at the same time as he stepped back to put some distance.

Pierres' breathing was heavy as the blood running down his face forced him to close the eyelids of the left eye which he had lost during today's combat. He looked at his enemy with a fierce smile and said in a voice full of murderous intent, "Looks like you may live for another day, Lazas."

General Lazas was also panting heavily. There were several bloody wounds on his body, the worst of them being a deep gash on the right shoulder that partially revealed the white bones under the flesh.

Lazas' eyes flashed with ferocity and he was about to continue attacking when suddenly a horn sounded from the south.

It was the signal to retreat coming from the main camp.

The two armies retreated after receiving the order and no one attacked again. In fact, after retreating, each army sent some soldiers to bring back the corpses of their dead while respecting the enemy army and without touching the treasure orbs on the ground to prevent war from breaking out again while everyone was tired; these were two rules not only respected by humans but also by demons since many generations ago.

Upon returning to camp, the soldiers received immediate medical treatment. However, what made them most excited was the fact that Bai Zemin took out a large number of high-level recovery potions, and after diluting them a little with water, he distributed them to those who needed them the most.

These kinds of potions could only be purchased using First Order Soul Stones at the very least so even a First Order soul evolver enlisted in the army could not afford to buy them just for the sake of buying them. After all, to obtain a First Order Soul Stone one needed to first fight to the death against a First Order existence, and to achieve such a thing, a First Order soldier needed to risk their life.

The soldiers of the Krap Kingdom were not treated with discrimination and also received proper medical treatment as well as potions that accelerated the recovery of their wounds and alleviated the pain they felt. Even if they did not want to admit it out loud, they all looked at Bai Zemin with complicated eyes; they expected to be treated as cannon fodder but were actually being granted the highest treatment a soldier could hope for.

"Maybe, joining the Gales forces is not necessarily a bad thing... They even give us better medical treatment than in Krap..." Mumbled with great difficulty an Unclassified soul evolver before collapsing due to the overwhelming pain.

His words floated silently among the troops of the defeated Krap Kingdom, making not only the Unclassified soul evolvers but also the First and Second Order soul evolvers think.

Inside the central tent, General Lazas was resting with a bare torso and a bandage covered with a special liquid that assisted the potions in the recovery of the body.

"General Bai, today's battle was a great success!" Lazas ignored the pain he felt and laughed good-naturedly as he looked at Bai Zemin in admiration, "Not only did we manage to force the enemy kingdom to retreat more than 7 kilometers north, which allowed us to regain almost all the territory we had lost the day before, but you even managed to take the life of that pest named Christopher, the most powerful mage in the Maiston Kingdom!"

Bai Zemin smiled slightly but did not comment on the matter. He decided not to divulge the fact that the enemy was supported by two Third Order soul evolvers apart from the king who was also a Third Order powerhouse to prevent the news from spreading, which would end up causing panic among the allied soldiers. After all, the presence of 3 Third Order warriors could easily mean the end of the war.

What Bai Zemin needed was a little time to think about what to do and why the other side was waiting instead of attacking. There was something strange about all this, but no matter how much Bai Zemin killed himself thinking, he couldn't find where the problem lay.

As night fell, several large pots were put under fire and the smell of hot food soon spread throughout the camp.

"General Bai, here is your food." One of the generals approached the central tent and put the bowl of food on the table.

"Oh, thank you for that." Bai Zemin nodded with a slight smile and dismissed the man. However, just as the man was about to leave, he remembered something and hurriedly asked, "By the way, may I know what your name is? I still don't know everyone's name around here."

The general turned around and said respectfully, "My name is Xavier, I rank 15th among the generals in Gales."

"I see." Bai Zemin nodded and General Xavier left after nodding back.

Bai Zemin was about to start eating when Lilith appeared and sat in the chair next to his.

"Would you like some?" Bai Zemin offered.

Lilith smiled sweetly and said in a gentle voice, "Little brother, if you want to put big sister to sleep with that and then do perverted things to me, then let me tell you that you need a much stronger poison."

Bai Zemin's eyes flashed as he heard Lilith's words and when he looked towards the entrance the corner of his mouth turned up slightly in a grimace full of disdain.

After eating to their hearts' content, the troops went directly to their tents and lay down to sleep while a smaller number stood guard at key points to avoid being ambushed during the army's lowest point.

A soldier from the Gales Kingdom was carefully observing the surroundings at the top of the walls, occupying the highest position on the observation tower. Suddenly, his mouth was covered by a large hand belonging to a man and covered with a leather glove, then a dagger slashed his throat.

The blood evaporated as soon as it began to flow out and the wound was sealed, but because the main vein had been cut, the internal bleeding and lack of blood to the brain soon became reasons for his death.

After taking the lives of more than 30 soldiers located on the walls and towers, the assassin activated several skills not only from the ones he had learned but also from some treasures that enhanced his camouflage and smoothly slipped through the Gales' camp.

Even though several explosive magic traps had been placed around the camp, this figure moved easily while looking at a drawing in his hands and smoothly made it to the center without triggering a single trap and without alerting any soldiers.

"Mm?"

A small, practically inaudible sound came out of the invisible figure's mouth as he stared in confusion at the central tent.

What seemed strange to the figure was the fact that aside from the central tent, there were no other tents around for at least 1000 meters with the tent as the center. Despite his confusion, the figure didn't think too much about it and with a goal as well as a plan in mind, he rushed forward, entering the center tent without making a sound.

Walking a couple of steps and reaching the back of the tent, the invisible figure found the top general sleeping comfortably in his bed. Just as the figure drew his dagger, his pupils contracted to the size of needles as he realized that the person sleeping in the bed was a woman, because even if he could not see her face, the outline of her body was visible under the sheets!

A shiver ran down his back as he felt a pair of eyes staring at him from the darkness and without further hesitation, he activated one of his skills.

SWOOOOOSH!!!

A great gust of wind sent the tent flying and the figure used the wind to his advantage to get away as fast as possible. However, he hadn't gone far when a crimson-colored dome rose from the ground, and in a matter of seconds, he found himself trapped inside some sort of giant bubble made of blood.

"Hey, hey... For better or worse, you're still a Third Order soul evolver.... Since you came to my house uninvited, at least stay a while to entertain me."

The figure knew he had been discovered, therefore, he slowly turned around while deactivating his camouflage skill.

Bai Zemin fully equipped and with his greatsword buried in the ground before him and his hands resting on the top of the hilt looked at the figure's appearance with a bit of surprise.

"Interesting... It seems that there are also semi-orcs in this world."

Bai Zemin's enemy had the height and physique of an average human, but his skin was green and his eyes were large at the same time as two long fangs protruded from his mouth.

* * * * * * *Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3