Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 818 Powerful enemie

The half-orc did not speak at all and his face did not show any kind of reaction to Bai Zemin's words.

Seeing that the half-orc was gazing at him with cold eyes while subtly trying to observe the surroundings, Bai Zemin could not help but let out a chuckle. The other party's thoughts were too obvious for someone like him who had fought enemies of levels above his own practically from day 1 of the apocalypse back on Earth.

Indeed, as Bai Zemin chuckled lightly, the body of the half-orc assassin suddenly disappeared from its previous position leaving a blur as a secondary image.

Clang!

The sound of what seemed to be the collision between two metallic objects echoed within the blood dome followed by a burst of violent wind with the collision center as the nucleus.

"Heh," Bai Zemin sneered as he raised his left hand to block the assassin's surprise attack. The dagger was parried by his forearm easily and seeing that the dagger had fire properties he couldn't help but sneer in his heart as his fire resistance was quite good.

"Your Strength is really low." Bai Zemin put strength into his left arm and pushed forward without holding back.

The half-orc's expression changed as his attack was blocked, but before he could do anything, his body was sent flying several meters. His feet slid across the ground, leaving two long strips of shattered earth as he looked at the human in front of him with a glint of astonishment flashing in his eyes.

After regaining his posture, the assassin finally opened his mouth and said in a cold voice, "You really are level 50 but you can fight soul evolvers above level 150 just like the reports said."

Reports? Bai Zemin frowned slightly but his expression soon returned to normal.

He had fought Third Order demons in front of many eyes, it was naturally impossible to prevent the news from soon reaching other kingdoms and other races. Even then, Bai Zemin felt that the matter was not as simple as it seemed to be.Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

"I don't understand why a half-orc that clearly doesn't belong to the Maiston Kingdom would get involved in a war between humans, however, none of that matters now." Bai Zemin activated Crimson Flash Lightning and at the same time as his body was surrounded by tiny crackling snakes, he said in an indifferent voice, "You have two choices, submit and live or continue your futile resistance and die."

"Hehe... Is that so?"

The half-orc's lips curved into what soon became a fierce smile, giving Bai Zemin a strange feeling of trepidation. However, just as he planned to charge forward and attack, something that left him dumbfounded forced him to halt his plan.

Feeling sharp pain in his left forearm, Bai Zemin raised his hand and his eyes flashed with disbelief as he saw from the small opening between his wrist and combat gloves several strands of purple-tinged red blood slipping out.

"What the hell is this all about..." He muttered in shock.

His armor was completely intact but he had still been wounded! Furthermore, worst of all, he had been infected by a strange toxin that was forcing him to consume Mana to contain the spread to the rest of his body thanks to the help of his Blood Manipulation skill!

Swoosh!

The half-orc didn't give him time to think as he quickly turned into a furious gale towards Bai Zemin and in a second his dagger was only inches away from his neck.

His movement speed was so high that reacting to his attack in such a short distance was practically impossible!

Bai Zemin's eyes flashed fiercely and instead of dodging he used the blood that trickled down his left hand to quickly create two sharp arrows that with a single thought shot towards the assassin's heart and forehead.

The half-orc's expression changed and he hastily used his dagger to slash twice instead of continuing his previous attack. Even if the other party wanted to risk his life, he wasn't willing to gamble his neck if it wasn't necessary!

Clang! Clang!

The two blood arrows were deflected by the assassin's merciful dexterity, however, the half-orc had no time to be happy as he felt danger impossible to avoid, therefore, he hastily activated one of his most important lifesaving skills.

BOOOM!!!

Bai Zemin's fist punched the air as the assassin's body exploded in a cloud of black smoke and the resulting force behind the punch flew over 200 meters before disappearing as if it had never existed.

A bright flash of lightning glinted in Bai Zemin's eyes as his gaze moved at lightning speed to his left at the same time as he said aloud, "Blood Blades!"

The half-orc had just appeared 500 meters distance away when every hair on his body stood on end. Feeling the pressure of the wind cutting towards him, he quickly began to run in irregular patterns just in time as dozens of blood blades began to hit the places where his feet had been an instant before he took another step to continue dodging.

Boom!!! Boom!!! Boom!!! Boom!!! Boom!!! Boom! Boom!

Dozens of blood blades shot out from the blood dome and the ground was shattered into pieces each time they hit after failing by millimeters to hit the assassin's body. However, it was impossible for him to dodge each of the attacks that were thrown at him from all directions, therefore, more and more bloody gashes appeared on his body with each passing second.

"Damn it! What's the deal with this skill?!" The half-orc couldn't help but shout out his frustrations as this was the first time he had faced a person with a skill as troublesome as this one.

Even if his injuries were only superficial, the pain and bleeding were quickly building up so if it continued like this he would really be defeated! However, how could he, one of the most well-known existences in the entire Eventide World, allow himself to fall in the face of a small level 50 soul evolver who was unknown before the war between Gales and the demons broke out?! Such a thing was unforgivable!

However, to his utter frustration and dismay, it didn't matter how many times he tried as he failed to get anywhere near the human who was still staring at his forearm as if trying to understand how it was possible for the wound to be there.

How dare a small human to underestimate him.... He should show him the reason why everyone trembled when they heard his name or felt his presence on the battlefield!

"Thousand Shadows!"

As Bai Zemin stared with a frown at the wound he had suffered, his expression changed slightly as he noticed the appearance of several figures around him. His surprise was evident on his face when he saw hundreds of faceless, pitch-black figures rushing towards him from all directions.

"Hmph!" Bai Zemin snorted as he pointed his hand forward.

More and more blood blades shot out from the blood dome which surprisingly wasn't losing power or size at all as all the blood blades were absorbed by the ground and then reintegrated into the blood that made up the dome every time an attack missed.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!...

The blood blades slashed towards the silhouettes and in a second not one of them was left uncut, however, Bai Zemin's eyes widened in shock as he saw that his attacks were completely useless as the blood blades only passed past the silhouettes as if they were air.

Before Bai Zemin could think too much about what was happening or devise a strategy, his body moved by pure instinct and at the same time as he took a step to the left he struck fiercely backwards.

BANG!!!

Although Bai Zemin felt his elbow hitting something, it all came to nothing as whatever he had just hit turned into a cloud of black smoke.

Again, he had no time to rest and think as he immediately sensed danger from behind his back. With a move that no human being on the past Earth would be able to perform even if they mastered all the martial arts in the world with expertise, Bai Zemin's body twisted, and taking advantage of the momentum from the previous strike, he jumped up while striking with his right leg as if it was a whip.

BOOOM!!!!

This time he knew he had hit the right target when he heard a grunt of pain, and looking forward, he saw the half-orc being sent flying backwards with his right arm raised high above his head.

"Die!" Bai Zemin charged forward at full speed as he waved his left hand and sent more and more blood blades towards the assassin.

Just when Bai Zemin's fist was an inch away from the assassin's head and making it explode into a pile of bloody pulp, the latter's body was replaced by one of those shadowy figures.

BOOOM!!!

Bai Zemin's fist struck the nothingness and pierced through the shadow as if there was nothing but air there. A crater over 50 meters in diameter was formed as a result of the air cannon hitting the ground due to the power behind the punch.

Although Bai Zemin was only surprised for a split second, that split second was taken advantage of by the enemy that had appeared behind him. Feeling the cold edge of the enemy's dagger near his neck, all Bai Zemin had time to do was to take half a step to the side and tilt his head down while raising his shoulders.

Clang!!!

At the same time as the sound of metal clanging against metal spread inside the dome, Bai Zemin waved his hand back and struck fiercely without holding back at all.

BANG!!!

Again, that feeling of having hit something but at the same time having missed was transmitted from his arm to his brain and out of the corner of his eye Bai Zemin managed to catch a glimpse of one of the shadows surrounding him disappearing and being replaced by the half-orc who not even a split second later disappeared and a new shadow replaced him.

"Hahahaha!" Bai Zemin laughed out loud despite the fact that he could feel a sharp pain in his right shoulder at the same time he was forced to expend more Mana to stop the toxins struggling to spread inside his nervous system.

His senses suddenly received a massive boost and at the same time his reaction speed grew exponentially as everything around him became clearer than before.

[Bloodlust has reached its peak. Second Activation of God of War's Will, God of War's Partial Possession, goes into immediate effect. Strength +800, Magic +800.]

Boom!

Bai Zemin stomped the ground beneath his feet and ignored the message that flashed across his retinas, shooting off like a cannonball in a specific direction with a target in mind.

The half-orc had barely appeared to avoid the assault of the larger number of blood blades flying in the direction he was before when suddenly his green face turned grim as he saw the human slamming towards him with a fierce grin on his face.

"Switch!" he shouted in haste and out of pure instinct.

BANG!!!!

Bai Zemin ignored the shadow that had just materialized and his eyes flashed like two lightning in the middle of the night before dashing straight in a different direction. Arriving in front of a shadow, he clenched his left fist and punched with every Strength point he had without holding back his body at all.

The assassin had just appeared but the sight that greeted him made his pupils constrict to the minimum possible and out of pure battle instinct his arms rose as he lowered his stance in an attempt to cover his chest and head.

However, his green face turned pale as his gravity point broke and the weight on his shoulders suddenly became at least 20 times greater than normal.

'Holy shit... Gravity skill?!' It was the half-orc's thoughts as the enemy's punch hit him in the center of the chest.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3