Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 821 Killing the king of the enemykingdom

The night winds blowing from all directions in Eventide World were fiercer than the night winds blowing on Earth when Bai Zemin was forced to open a portal to draw away the danger of the nuclear missile launched by Xuanyuan Wentian.

Although the temperature was not as low compared to Earth thanks to the fact that it was not snowing in Eventide World, the ferocity of the wind in Eventide World was enough to restrict the movements and speed of the soul evolvers.

At the same time, because the winds were blowing so strongly, smells traveled farther, dispersed faster, and were perceived with greater clarity.

Today, in the middle of the cold night, the smell of blood enveloped the northeastern lands of the Gales Kingdom.

"Die!"

"Bastard!"

"Argh!!!"

...

Roars of rage and bloodlust, swears directed at the hated one, cries of pain and wailing.... The lands 4 kilometers short of the border between the Gales Kingdom and the Maiston Kingdom, within the territory of Gales, were filled with human voices at the same time as magic explosions were accompanied by the unmistakable sound of swords clashing with swords.

"Surrender and you will survive!"

"Throw down your weapons and kneel!"

"Join us to fight the demons!"

On the other hand, the soldiers that made up the army formed by the troops of the Krap Kingdom defeated by the Gales Kingdom and the Gales Kingdom itself pushed forward fiercely as they demanded the surrender of their enemies as if victory was in their hands.

A little over 40 minutes had passed since the Gales Kingdom troops charged towards the enemy camp with the intention of igniting a night war. However, the Maiston Kingdom had clearly made preparations as when they approached all the soldiers were already up and armed ready for war.

Even then, even though the Unclassified soldiers and the First Order soldiers of the Maiston Kingdom were fighting with ferocity, the Second Order soul evolvers were not able to bring out their 100% so the generals of the allied army were managing to push them back while inflicting continuous wounds with each passing minute.

As for the reason why the Second Order generals were not able to give their 100%, it was very simple; fear.

No... More than fear, they were terrified as they occasionally peered at the most violent battlefield where three existences had been clashing fiercely and viciously for almost an hour.

RUMBLE...!!!

After a powerful explosion that shook the earth and made the sky rumble, Bai Zemin and his two enemies staggered back more than 100 meters from each other. Their feet slid loudly across the ground leaving cracks all along the way before they finally regained the capacity to control their bodies.

The king of the Maiston Kingdom looked at the young man in front of him with wide eyes, shock visible in his trembling pupils. His chest was rising and falling heavily, his deep blue armor was cracked in several places and through those cracks could be seen as more and more red blood slowly dripped down.

"Who the hell are you?!" King Logan exclaimed feeling persistent fear. "It's impossible for someone like you to have gone unnoticed for so many years! Are you a demon general in disguise?! The bastards of Gales sure are vicious!"

King Logan of the Maiston Kingdom had been fighting the young soul evolver in front of him while teaming up with the king of the Dazia Kingdom, who was also a soul evolver above level 150. However, to the further disbelief and fear of the two kingdom kings, the young soul evolver who seemed to still be in the First Order managed to fight both of them as equals at the same time and cause them considerable damage!

The king of the Dazia Kingdom looked at Bai Zemin with a frown and a hint of wariness and fear shone in his eyes. . ᴄᴏᴍ

"To think that even Shadow Killer would be killed by you... Looks like that old man with the surname Di Gales didn't go as crazy as it seemed when he sent letters to all the human kingdoms of the world demanding unconditional surrender." The king of Dazia said as he panted, his left arm hanging to the side as several bones had been fractured after being hit by the enemy's greatsword.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Bai Zemin wiped the trace of blood on the corner of his lips as he looked at King Logan and said in an indifferent voice, "Demon? I have killed some demons, all of them had violet blood. But you can think whatever you please, you will not live beyond tonight with your stubbornness."

Without waiting for a reply, he looked at the king of the Dazia Kingdom and said in a cold voice: "I have to say that I didn't expect to meet another kingdom king in this place. However, that is good news as well. It will be quicker for us to crush Dazia's resistance once their king falls under the blade of my sword."

The Dazia Kingdom was considerably far from Gales, bordered to the north of the Maiston Kingdom but it took 3 or 4 days of continuous travel to reach the borders unless one had flying mounts with high Agility such as the Diurnal Bats of the royal family of the Gales Kingdom or one was a Third Order soul evolver Agility and Stamina type.

The king of the Dazia Kingdom frowned as he heard the words of the young enemy in front of him and a flash of hesitation shone in his gaze. He had advanced first to the Maiston Kingdom while the troops of his kingdom were advancing south in this same direction, after a talk with the king of Maiston, the two came to a mutual agreement to fight against the enemy forces without underestimating them; after all, they both knew that Philip Di Gales was not a man who acted on impulse, and since he had dared to do what he did it was very likely that he had a great trump card hidden from view.

In the end, the two kings spent a large amount of high-quality Soul Stones to hire Shadow Killer. The two kings thought they were exaggerating a bit, but at least the victory would be theirs; the king of Dazia was even relieved as his kingdom would suffer minimal casualties once they reached the border with Gales.

However, it turned out in the end that the enemy proved to be ridiculously powerful to the point that even the legendary Shadow Killer lost his life tonight and in record time.

"Felix, don't tell me you're really planning on submitting?!" King Logan shouted upon seeing the change of expression on the Dazia king's face.

Before the Dazia king could say anything, Bai Zemin's voice sent chills down the bones of both kings.

"It wouldn't be a bad idea if you surrender too, king of Maiston.... At least you won't lose as much as you think you will."

"Poh!" King Logan spat on the ground and said loudly, "I, Logan Maiston, was the prince in whom my father the former king trusted to pass the throne of the kingdom to and with it the responsibility of protecting the people! You want me to surrender before a barbarian as you?! Don't be so arrogant, boy! When the other kingdoms get united, all that will be left of Gales will be ashes among which will be yours!"

Bai Zemin looked at him coldly for a few seconds before shaking his head and stopping paying attention to him. The words of the king of the Maiston Kingdom might sound very beautiful and righteous, but Bai Zemin was far from being the same ordinary college student who knew nothing about life enough to be bamboozled by words like that; after having seen all kinds of expressions and experiencing firsthand how trashy human beings could be, Bai Zemin came to understand that people like the king in front of him just wanted to maintain their status so they could stupidly shout "I am a kingdom king!" and thus be able to maintain their stupid so-called honor.

Instead, he looked at the king of the Dazia Kingdom and said with an outstretched hand forward, "Felix Di Dazia, I have read the information that King Philip has provided me about you. A powerful soul evolver with skills focused on assassination and whose intelligence is worthy of a true scholar. With your capacity to see the big picture, you should have realized that no matter what the two of you do, you cannot defeat me. Persistent opposition will not only cause your death but will also bring pain and suffering to your family while the lives of many soul evolvers who out of loyalty to you will oppose me will be lost."

The king of Dazia looked at the outstretched hand of the young man in front of him, a clear gesture of invitation and suggestion.

It was unquestionable that the overall power of the other side was terrifying. Even with the union of Felix himself and King Logan, two soul evolvers above level 150, all they could do was fight almost on equal footing as physical wounds were slowly accumulating on their bodies due to how terrifying and heavy the enemy's attacks and his giant weapon were.

However, the king of Dazia needed to confirm something before deciding what to do.

"First of all, I need you to answer me something honestly." King Felix said as he jumped to the left and put some distance from King Logan. Zemin ignored the change of expression on the Maiston Kingdom king's face and nodded towards the Dazia king. If he could get a Third Order powerhouse to join them it would make many things easier, after all, the king of Dazia was a soul evolver whose power was comparable to that of a demon general.

"What is your real goal? I know Gales is taking advantage of what happened in the mountain behind the castle of the kingdom to accuse all the kingdoms as traitors of the human race. It is probable that some princes or kingdoms have allied with the demon race, but you can't expect me to believe that all kingdoms did so when I, king of one of those kingdoms, is in front of you." The king of Dazia narrowed his eyes and stared at the young man in front of him, he was confident to see through any lies thanks to his 400+ years as king.

However, the king of Dazia did not need to worry. Bai Zemin had no intention of lying at all as such a thing was not necessary in the face of existences obviously weaker than him.

"My goal is to unite all the kingdoms of the human race under a single kingdom." Bai Zemin said with a clear voice and sincere eyes. In his heart, he added: 'And begin to cement the future path I will walk.'

Seeing no trace of lie in the other party's expression, the king of Dazia narrowed his eyes even more and slowly said, 'That would make the king of Gales turn into the supreme existence of the whole world.... But, I don't understand something... What do you have to gain from all this? Is the royal family of Gales being secretly manipulated and controlled by you?"

After a moment of silence, Bai Zemin said honestly, "I am not controlling the royal family of this kingdom, however, it could be said that in a sense I am manipulating the king to achieve my own goals. To be honest, I cannot tell you my goal as you will not believe it anyway, however, what I can guarantee is that the King of Gales and the two princesses will receive millions of times more benefits in the future for helping me complete my goal.... This is something that will take at least a few years, but I promise that all humans in this world will see a great improvement in their lives; of course, those who will benefit the most will be those who have helped me when help was required."

Obtaining the blueprints and formulas, as well as the knowledge that this world had accumulated, was actually a small part of all that Bai Zemin planned to get. His ultimate goal was so big that even Lilith was slightly surprised when she found out and it was all thanks to the mutation that the skill Lightning Movement had undergone after evolving following Bai Zemin's consumption of the seeds of the treasure plant.

In reality, Bai Zemin was gambling.... This was a big gamble. Success and failure depended on many factors other than strength and intelligence, among them, luck would play a big role.

The king of Dazia stared at Bai Zemin for several seconds, and even though the other party's answer was clearly meant to hide many things, the king did not feel that the young man was lying to him when he spoke regarding benefits or the fact that he had no evil intentions.

"I have one more question for you."

"Go ahead." Bai Zemin nodded again and waited patiently as he kept his attention on King Logan who seemed to be thinking of running away as he realized that things were not going well for him.

"What do you plan to do with the demon race?" the king of Dazia asked with narrowed eyes. "Even though the human race is partially united, the separation of kingdoms and politics are two things that cause an abysmal crack between us, these are things that weaken us as a race. The demons will definitely not allow the entire human race to unite under one banner."

"Of course, I am aware of that." Bai Zemin nodded calmly. The gaze in his eyes became even colder than it already was as he slowly said, "If the demons stay in their territories without causing trouble, then so be it. I don't discriminate especially by race but by general attitudes that I see for myself. However... If demons dare to stand in my way I'll be sure to crush them until they can't get back on their feet."

"Hah! You sure talk big for someone who doesn't know how terrifying the Demon Lord is." The king of the Maiston Kingdom sneered with beads of sweat pouring down his increasingly pale face.

The constant blood loss and anxiety were worsening his condition rapidly with each passing second.

Bai Zemin gave him a sidelong glance and scoffed, "The so-called Demon Lord couldn't even stop Shadow Killer from escaping from him but I killed Shadow Killer in less than ten minutes."

King Logan's expression changed for the worse upon hearing Bai Zemin's words. However, he did not have time to say anything as even his thoughts were interrupted by the cold voice of the young enemy before him.

"Besides, dead men don't talk."

"Strength in exchange for Agility."

Swoosh!

The two kings saw a golden light flashing before them. However, when the eyes of both became clear, all they saw was Bai Zemin in his previous position upright except that all around him was a golden light halo covering his figure; even the crimson-colored lightning flashes that crackled around his body had turned to bright gold now.

In his right hand, the dagger that formerly belonged to Shadow Killer released a faint purple radiance under the moonlight and starlight.

The king of Dazia turned his head stiffly and his eyes trembled fiercely as he mumbled, "L- Logan, you..."

The king of the Maiston Kingdom frowned slightly and subconsciously held his hand to his chest as he felt a great deal of pain transmitting directly to his brain. However, what he touched was his cracked armor; something that confused him greatly.

To his surprise, however, when King Logan tried to say something it didn't take him long to realize that he couldn't speak and just two or three seconds later he collapsed with a thud on the ground without even knowing how he had died.

"Really... People who don't understand their position even after being beaten up really are interesting. I don't understand how this kind of existence managed to survive for so long." Bai Zemin shook his head with an indifferent expression on his face as if what he had just killed was not one of the 49 most powerful humans in the world but a cockroach.

The king of Dazia looked at the young soul evolver in front of him in shock. Even though he knew that the other party was probably hiding something, what Felix Di Dazia didn't expect was that the power difference between the two sides would be this overwhelming!

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3