Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 827 Being chased by a princess through the woods in a bathrobe

Seraphina subconsciously took half a step back as the hot steam flew out from inside the bath, however, she quickly regained her composure. She refused to believe that anyone within this city would dare touch a hair on her head not only because of her personal strength but also because the troops of Gales were stationed here and Bai Zemin whose name had spread throughout the world over the last few days was even in the mansion itself.

Ruth gestured and Seraphina nodded, stepping in first and being followed by the young noblewoman a second later.

Seeing Ruth beginning to take off her clothes, Seraphina looked around as if to make sure no one was there.

"This steam is pretty thick, isn't it..." She muttered softly and barely audible due to the sound of the cascade of hot water falling into the pool.

Ruth let out a low chuckle and as she untied the string binding both sides of the top of her dress she said softly, "Princess Seraphina, this bath is not just any bath. My father often invests a lot of money to buy Rank 1 or Rank 2 medicinal herbs, an engine is in charge of squeezing their nutrients into the water that falls here so that showering will make the skin of our bodies feel as soft as that of a newborn baby."

Seraphina was not shy about bathing with another girl in the same bathroom. She was often helped by her maidservants to undress in the royal castle back to Gales. Just as she finished unbuttoning her magic robe and as she was about to say something regarding Ruth's words, a male voice that shouldn't be there sounded in the middle of the bathroom.

"Who is it?"

Seraphina's pupils contracted to the size of needles and her face went white as a sheet at the thought of a man looking at her body. She quickly covered herself and the mana inside her body began to boil as she looked at Ruth with murderous intent, sending chills down the spine of the young woman who was only a few years older than her.

The very thought of having her body seen by a male stranger not only made Seraphina feel like vomiting but she felt an overwhelming measure of anger filling her heart.

Bai Zemin had fallen half asleep in the middle of his bath, which was not strange at all since for him this kind of moment was precious as it was one of the few times he could enjoy peace and quiet. However, he quickly awoke and sensed two auras, identifying one of them an instant after he asked who it was.

"Seraphina? Is that you?"

Seraphina was planning to kill. For the first time in her life, she felt the urge to kill not one but two humans and was sure she would not be able to restrain herself. However, her murderous intent disappeared as quickly as a speck of dust being swept away by mutant winds when she heard this time better the male voice coming from the pool of warm water in the innermost part of the large bath.

"You... Orc? What are you doing here?" she asked in amazement.

However, she quickly realized that she was half-naked and just as she ducked to cover her body a shrill scream shook the walls.

"Vermin! This princess shall scratch your eyes out, you pervert! You scoundrel who won't spare even underage girls!"

Inside the pool, Bai Zemin stood dumbfounded looking at the steam before his eyes after being accused as if he had just raped twenty helpless women. Finally, after two or three seconds of silence, he finally burst out.

"Holy shit! What do you mean by saying that this daddy is a pervert?! This daddy has rejected the advances of thousands of beauties just to keep himself worthy of the woman he loves!" Bai Zemin jumped out of the pool like an angry shark which caused water to splash everywhere. His eyes seemed to look past the steam as he glared at the spot where Seraphina and Ruth stood while shouting his aggravation, "Besides, brat, this daddy has no intention of touching a flat-chested girl like you! Let me tell you something, I, Bai Zemin, have countless flaws but I definitely don't look at a girl who doesn't even know how to wash her own panties as a woman!"

Bai Zemin had emptied the air from his lungs to express his anger so when the last letter left his mouth he was forced to take a deep breath to recover. As he pointed forward, completely naked and only covered by the absurd amount of steam in the room, the sound of water falling from the waterfall was the only thing that could be heard.

Ruth was speechless as her eyes darted back and forth between the legendary Bai Zemin who had ended the life of the terrifying Shadow Killer and the princess of the now one of the most powerful kingdoms in the world. Although she could not properly see Bai Zemin due to the distance and mainly the steam, she could imagine his infuriated expression; however, it was when she looked at the expression on Seraphina's face that she realized that something bad might soon happen to this place so she carefully retreated several steps without making a sound.

This... Wasn't Bai Zemin and the Second Princess of Gales supposed to be a couple? Ruth was astonished as she realized that next time it would be better not to listen to the words people spoke in the streets.

Hearing no reaction from Seraphina for several seconds, Bai Zemin began to worry as he thought that perhaps he was too harsh with his words. However, he soon frowned as he heard what sounded like the buzzing of a mosquito.

"..."

"... Did you say something?"

"...u"

"What?"

"...ou"

Bai Zemin frowned and said in a deep voice, "Girl, speak louder for god's sake."

Then, Lilith's laughter entered Bai Zemin's ears followed by what were clearly the words of someone who was having a good time watching the show.

"Daddy Zemin, if I were you I'd start to run."

"What?" he asked subconsciously, out loud.

"I'LL KILL YOU, YOU SHAMELESS BASTARD!"

... That voice was... definitely not Lilith's voice.

When what seemed to be a shriek similar to that of a small wounded beast shook the four walls of the large bathroom, Bai Zemin sensed real danger and subconsciously angled his upper body backwards in a swift and abrupt movement.

"Lightning Flash!!!"

A silvery magic circle shone about 30 meters from where Bai Zemin stood, and not even a second after it, the inside of the bathroom was dyed pale white when a rumble shook the ground.

Under Bai Zemin's wide-open eyes, a perfectly white lightning flash flew past a couple of centimeters from his abdomen and in the blink of an eye passed beyond him, impacting against the south wall of the room.

...

Outside the mayor's mansion, the citizens had to be held back by several soldiers who had helpless expressions on their faces as they watched the women struggling to find a way to sneak in to meet their idol.

"Captain, do these young girls think that this Bai Zemin guy is a lamb or something?" one of the soldiers wiped the sweat from his forehead as he cursed under his breath, "Damn, it seems that the younger ones of our Maiston Kingdom don't care that we will soon become just a kingdom under the power of Gales."

The captain was a bearded and stout man, a level 49 soul evolver. He watched the expressions of the excited young girls who looked to be even younger than 20 years old as he said with a sigh of resignation, "They will soon realize that the rumors about the hero saving the princess are nothing but pure lies. Differences in treatment will soon begin to reveal themselves along with bullying and discrimination for being part of the defeated kingdom."

Boom!!!

A thunderous explosion shook the surroundings and the ground trembled for a moment.

"What happened?!" The captain of the troops in charge of protecting the mayor's mansion turned abruptly just in time to see one of the walls of the house collapsing in half.

"Enemy attack?!"

The other soldiers quickly charged toward the scene to assist and the enthusiastic girls retreated like a tide being carried back into the depths of the ocean.

Swoosh! Swoosh!

Suddenly, two blurry, unclear silhouettes broke past the encirclement of people at speeds too high for even the level 49 captain to see anything not to mention the others who were weaker.

The sturdy captain felt as if someone had held a sword against his throat as he realized how frightening the two figures were and quickly judged that it was better for him not to get involved in whatever was going on.

Not even a minute later, Ruth came out properly dressed but with her hair a mess and completely soaked. Although the corner of her mouth was quivering fiercely as was her left eyelid, she did a good job of reassuring the soldiers and citizens that there was nothing to worry about.

"Young Miss Ruth, what happened over there?" the captain asked looking up at the collapsed wall.

Ruth gave him a sidelong glance before turning her attention in the direction of where the two silhouettes had run.

"Lovers' fight."

...

"Seraphina Di Gales, you brat, have you gone fucking crazy?! You almost left me without Father's Day!" shouted Bai Zemin as he flashed through the trees in a northerly direction.

"Hahahaha! Little princess, be careful where you aim! This big sister still needs to take the final step with this little boy at least once!"

Hearing Lilith's words and remembering that Seraphina's flash of electricity was inches away from hitting little Zemin, Bai Zemin's face darkened and it took everything of himself, as well as the memory that Seraphina was Seraphina, to not turn around to seek revenge.

After being attacked with an attack powerful enough to hurt him, Bai Zemin realized that his words had really gotten the little princess of Gales on edge so he immediately picked up a bathrobe and made a run for it.

That's right, he was running through the woods wearing only a bathrobe while being chased by an enraged Seraphina who had buffed herself with multiple skills to push her Agility and movement speed to the maximum possible.

Bai Zemin had learned one thing during his childhood after watching his mother chase his father around the house with the broomstick every time Bai Delan did something wrong; when a woman was angry, the best thing a man could do was run away and wait for her head to cool down so he could rationalize with her!

"Surnamed Bai, stop! This princess must char your hide and feed you to the orcs in order to feel at ease!"

Seraphina's voice followed by another explosion caused by a failed magic attack made Bai Zemin really feel like crying but he had no tears to shed.

After several minutes, Bai Zemin was finally losing his patience and in an attempt to calm the little beast behind him he shouted out loud, "Seraphina, wait a minute! Tell me what upset you and I'll apologize! Did it bother you that I called you flat or maybe it was the fact that I said you don't know how to wash your underwear?"

"Bai Zemin, I must kill you! I must kill you no matter what!"

"Hahahahahaha! You really don't learn!"

Bai Zemin could practically imagine Seraphina's rabid expression and Lilith's smiling face as he ran for his little life.Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Soon, however, Bai Zemin realized a fact he had ignored.

'Shit!' He stopped his steps abruptly when he realized that they had inadvertently wandered into the lands of the Asalium Kingdom, the kingdom they planned to subdue next.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3