Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 828 Red & Enemies

After he stopped, Bai Zemin quickly jumped to the side and only two or three seconds later an arrow of green light struck the place where he stood before, splitting the earth into thousands of pieces and forming a crater over 20 meters in diameter.

He looked back and saw Seraphina approaching quickly as she pointed at him in preparation to activate another skill.

"Seraphina, stop! We have trespassed into the territory of the Asalium Kingdom!"

His words fell on deaf ears as Seraphina did not hesitate to activate her next skill.

"Bright Javelin!"

Seeing the white-colored magic circle exploding and a moment later the white javelin flying towards him, Bai Zemin finally lost his patience completely.

"Damn it, see if I don't show you who's in charge here!"

With an extraordinary maneuver and as if his body was made of rubber, Bai Zemin's body moved at an impossible angle while rushing towards Seraphina.

The magical javelin brushed his chest causing part of the robe to shatter and an instant later he heard several explosions as at least two or three dozen trees were turned into a pile of broken wood fragments after being shattered by Seraphina's magic skill.

Seraphina seemed to wake up from her anger-induced blindness when she saw Bai Zemin suddenly charge towards her with a serious expression on his face. The difference between the two was very great despite the talent and efforts Seraphina had made all her life not to mention the fact that even in the midst of her rage she had not activated any of her truly destructive or killing skills.

Realizing that this time he was actually angry with her, Seraphina tried to apologize.

"I- Sorr-"

But it was too late.

"Ah!"

Seraphina screamed in fright as the world around her seemed to spin several times before she realized that what was spinning was her and not the world. Before Seraphina could even count to two, her body found itself in Bai Zemin's lap with her midsection resting on Bai Zemin's thighs and her eyes looking down at the ground.

"You, what are you planning to do?!" Seraphina screamed and tried to get free unsuccessfully when Bai Zemin's large hand pressed her back down so that her small strength was of no use. "Help! Someone is trying to rape me!"

Bai Zemin gritted his teeth at Seraphina's words and said this time really angry, "It looks like your parents were too kind to you during your upbringing... Let me help your father teach you what is right and what is wrong!"

Before Seraphina could say anything else, she felt the air behind her stirring and soon an expression of disbelief covered her pretty face.

PA!

The loud sound of a slapping sound rang through the wooded forest.

"Uh..." A small sound escaped automatically from Seraphina's mouth as she looked forward in shock. She didn't seem to feel the pain being transmitted from her bottom as she muttered under her breath, "... Did you spank me?"

PA!

The answer to her question was a second spanking that finally made her wake up and screamed in pain.

"Ah!!! Even my father or mother never spanked me before, how dare you?!"

"It seems you still don't understand that not everything is under your control and not everything will be as you expect it to be!" Bai Zemin gritted his teeth and struck downward again with his right palm wide open.

PA!

"Ah!!!! I will kill you!!!"

PA!

"Apologize!"

"Bai Zemin, I must eat your flesh!"

PA!

"You still won't admit your faults?!"

"YOU!!!"

PA!FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"Today I have to show you the method most used by the adults of my world to teach their children good manners!"

...

Bai Zemin ignored Seraphina's threats and continued to spank her butt hard enough to make her feel pain and burning but not to hurt her.

Even if Seraphina was proud, her will soon began to break under the humiliation and helplessness of being spanked without being able to do much. Besides, the pain in her backside was starting to become intolerable so without her realizing it soon her eyes reddened and crystalline tears began to slide down her cheeks.

"Wuuu... Orc... I will bite you to death..."

Hearing Seraphina's sobs, Bai Zemin's hand stopped mid-swing and as he looked at the girl unmoving in his lap seemingly surrendered to her fate he couldn't help but feel guilty.

While it was true that Seraphina had been stupidly unreasonable in attacking him in the bath, it was also true that Bai Zemin was guilty for saying words that might have hurt her pride and feelings while she felt shy due to the fact that she had almost been seen naked.

However, he could not simply say sorry. At the end of the day, it was true that she had used magic capable of hurting him and had even caused them both to wander into potential enemy territory.

"Seraphina, listen to me carefully." He said in a serious voice and trying to keep his composure.

"Wuuu..."

Seraphina's response was more and more tears of aggravation as she remained still in place without struggling to get up even though Bai Zemin's hand was no longer pressing her down. She really seemed to have lost all will to fight back or resist.

Bai Zemin took a deep breath and slowly helped her to her feet. He noticed her aggrieved and embarrassed eyes as she brought both hands behind her body in an attempt to cover her spanked bottom.

"The attacks you used earlier really could have hurt me and even hurt someone to death if you missed. Besides, don't you think you overreacted a bit? I only made two rather mild comments even though you called me a pedophile and even treated me like a rapist." He said and just thinking about it started to make him angry again.

"Isn't it your fault for making fun of my breasts and calling me a child!" shouted Seraphina and under Bai Zemin's shocked eyes she threw herself at him.

She hugged him tightly, but that was not all as soon Bai Zemin felt two sets of sharp teeth dig into his shoulder hard.

"You really didn't learn anything!"

Bai Zemin opened his eyes in shock and raised his hand to spank her again this time even harder than before. However, his movements stopped as the power of Seraphina's bite disappeared at the same time he heard her sobbing softly.

"Isn't it your fault for spending so much time with my big sister..."

Bai Zemin frowned, and even though he was quite confident in his hearing thought he had misheard, therefore, he asked in confusion, "You mean Ellis?"

Seraphina raised her head to look at him with tears still in her eyes and said in a voice full of aggravation, "I'm sorry I don't have such a big chest like Ellis! I'm sorry I'm just a little brat!"

'This...' Bai Zemin was surprised at Seraphina's sudden outburst before his heart clenched.

'Don't tell me...' Bai Zemin's expression changed slightly at the notion that a certain thought he had just had may be true.

"Uh..." Seraphina looked at him in confusion as she saw him put both hands on her shoulders and carefully moved her back so that they could both look more comfortably into each other's eyes.

"Seraphina, it doesn't matter if your chest is busty or if it's small nor do I think it's necessary to compare you with your big sister. At the end of the day, Ellis is a grown woman while you are in full growth phase." He spoke his true thoughts.

Seraphina couldn't help but grimace and mutter, "Your words make me feel better but bitter at the same time, you know?"

Bai Zemin decided not to continue with the topic from before, he needed to find a way to send a subtle message to Seraphina first. He tried to act calm as he asked seemingly casually, "By the way, regarding your family's ocular skill... Is that true?"

"Uh? It's true. It's called Fate Eyes." Seraphina nodded without hiding anything.

Her eyes were still a little teary and her bottom was burning a little from the spanking, but at least she felt more at ease than before. Besides, Seraphina knew she had been perhaps a little too irrational earlier.

"I see..." Bai Zemin nodded. After a few moments of hesitation, he slowly said, "It seems Ellis saw my name in pink, or so she said."

Seraphina's expression changed slightly to one of anger and frustration but she quickly regained her composure and said with a snort, "Hmph! Who knows, she might be lying after all. If I were you I wouldn't believe her too much."

"That's true." Bai Zemin nodded without thinking too much about it, at the end of the day, his goal was another and not to talk about Ellis.

"By the way, what color do you see when you look at me?" he asked seemingly out of pure curiosity.

At first, a very slight shade of crimson partially covered the cheeks of the Second Princess of Gales upon hearing Bai Zemin's question. However, only a second later, Seraphina gritted her teeth and glared at him angrily as she said in frustration, "Red."

"Red?" Bai Zemin raised an eyebrow in surprise and confusion. "What does red mean?"

"Red represents that you will one day be the cause of my death, you shameless orc." Seraphina said with a serious expression on her face as she stared at him.

Bai Zemin blinked as he stared at her dumbfounded and for a moment his mind went blank as he did not expect that kind of reply. However, he quickly associated Seraphina's anger and words with the previous event so he finally couldn't help but chuckle.

Just then, a message flashed in Bai Zemin's retina and his expression changed tremendously as he looked at Seraphina with a slight tinge of murderous intent.

[God of War's Will: 0.5% / 65%]

Five enemies within a range of 300 meters had encircled the area.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3