Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 829 Apocalypse in the Apocalypse

"You... Why are you looking at me like that?"

Seraphina was not only surprised but also startled when her emerald eyes met Bai Zemin's black eyes. He had looked at her in many ways so far, she had noticed his gratitude in his gaze as well as his care for her, however, this was the first time Seraphina felt and noticed that Bai Zemin was looking at her with murderous intent.

The youngest daughter of the King of Gales immediately felt very sad at being looked by him in such a way. At the end of the day, the kind of look she had hoped to ever receive from him was completely opposite to the kind of gaze he was giving her at this moment.Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

On the other hand, Bai Zemin did not immediately respond to Seraphina's question. The thoughts he had at the moment were very simple but at the same time full of complexity that made it difficult for him to make a decision.

Had Seraphina betrayed him? Bai Zemin did not want to think of it that way.

However, it was hard not to think about it considering that this was too big a coincidence!

Eventide World was big, very big. The territory of the Pheora Kingdom was as vast as the territory of the Maiston Kingdom that he had recently conquered, but just where he ended up after being chased by Seraphina, happened to be the place where 5 enemies seemed to be waiting for him.

What made Bai Zemin doubt the most was the fact that these 5 approaching enemies were not normal enemies; they were really powerful soul evolvers!

If the incoming enemies were just Unclassified or First Order soul evolvers, maybe even Second Order soul evolvers, Bai Zemin might not doubt so much as he would simply assume that they had the bad luck to approach the territory of scouts on a mission. However, Bai Zemin doubted with all his heart that 5 soul evolvers above level 100 were casually scouting the area he walked into!

"Zemin, calm down."

Lilith's voice rang in his head and Bai Zemin indeed began to calm down upon hearing her gentleness.

"I understand your doubts, but I don't think that girl betrayed you. There's something weird about all this, but I don't think someone who looks at you with those eyes would be willing to put you in danger."

He took a deep breath and nodded silently, not wanting to believe or think that a person he had come to trust with all his heart would betray him. At the end of the day, Seraphina Di Gales had saved his life and had helped him in his greatest time of need since the beginning of the apocalypse.

"Seraphina, stand behind me." He commanded.

"Uh?"

Bai Zemin ignored the confusion she felt and in one swift motion drew both his greatsword and the Epic grade dagger he obtained after killing Shadow Killer.

Not even two seconds later, five figures appeared in front of the duo.

"Well, looks like we really got lucky this time." Said a short, mustachioed man with two hammers in his hands and metal-colored plate armor.

"To think we'd meet the Second Princess of Gales here." Said another middle-aged man, his hair color was bright red as was the slight beard on his face. He held a magic staff and wore a bright crimson robe.

"Who is the other kid though? A First Order soul evolver?" The third middle-aged man frowned as he held the hilt of his still-sheathed sword warily and cautiously.

The only woman in the group, a beautiful middle-aged woman with a whip-like sword tied around her waist, looked at Seraphina and then at Bai Zemin for a few seconds before saying in a melodious voice, "First Order level 50, wielder of a greatsword and next to the Second Princess of Gales. Looks like we ended up meeting the highly rumored Bai Zemin sooner than we expected... but that's also good since everything will be faster this way."

The red-haired man with the magic staff underwent a great change of expression when he heard the woman's words and his bright blue eyes flashed with murderous intent as he looked at Bai Zemin like daggers, "Are you Bai Zemin? It was you who caused my son's death?"

Bai Zemin looked at the five people and even without knowing their identity it was not difficult to identify their status at all purely based on how powerful the auras of their bodies were.

He looked coldly at the red-haired man and said indifferently, "I have caused the death of many people, among them, there is no shortage of sons of men."

"Good! Good! Good!" The red-haired man felt an increasingly bright flame of anger begin to burn in his chest. "You are the only one who has dared to speak to me in that mocking tone since I sat on the throne of the Theles Kingdom, the other person was my father the former king of Theles! I hear you killed Shadow Killer? Let me prove how much of the rumors are true!"

Just as the red-haired man, who happened to be the king of one of the three parent kingdoms of this world's human race, the middle-aged woman's melodious voice rang out again.

"Curtis, slow down. That's not what we came all this way for."

The king of the Theles Kingdom snorted and kept his eyes fixed on Bai Zemin as he said in a cold voice, "Eloise, this brat is the only reason why Gales dares to act rampant and that big threat is now standing in front of us wearing a stupid normal bathrobe, completely unprotected without a real combat armor. We even have that old dog Philip's second daughter here. Isn't this a good opportunity?"

The woman named Eloise looked at the king of the Theles Kingdom with a slight frown and said in a slightly heavy voice: "Curtis, remember that your son Gerard really joined hands with the demons, a fact that neither you nor anyone else can deny after watching the recording from the other day. You had better behave yourself and not try to cause any more trouble in our race or else I will be forced to think that Crown Prince Gerard was not the only one affiliated with the demon race in your Theles Kingdom."

The expression of the king of the Theles Kingdom changed slightly, and seeing the other three men looking at him with some caution and warning in their eyes, he finally snorted and the mana around him calmed down. Even then, his blue eyes stayed focused on Bai Zemin as if he wanted to dismember him with his gaze.

Bai Zemin ignored the old man. Glares did not kill and if they did he would have died years ago. To him, the king of the Theles Kingdom was just another idiot in the crowd who underestimated him greatly, because if he believed that just because Bai Zemin was not wearing battle armor he would be easy to defeat, then what awaited him was the biggest surprise of his life and probably the last one he would ever have.

Instead, he was more curious about the middle-aged woman. She was not only much more calm and composed, possessing the bearing of a true monarch, but also had the status and strength to dare to speak to one of the three most powerful people in humanity in such a manner.

Bai Zemin drew his own conclusions on the matter as he silently awaited the outcome of events while planning various actions to take depending on how things turned out.

The middle-aged woman nodded slightly towards Bai Zemin before looking at Seraphina. She smiled slightly and said in a voice that was neither soft nor heavy, "Seraphina, I must say it was a surprise to see your power in the competition of kingdoms. Although I had heard that you were powerful and had a truly amazing class, I and probably no one expected that at such a young age you would actually have so much power. Your talent is truly commendable, I'm sure Helena is proud of you from no matter where she is looking at you just as Philip probably feels."

Seraphina was about to bow respectfully out of habit as the identity of the woman in front of her was usually even above that of her father. However, when she looked at the broad back of the young man a step in front of her, Seraphina remembered that during the short period of time of the last few days many things had changed, therefore, instead of bowing she moved forward and stopped standing next to Bai Zemin.

Her gentle voice was respectful, but there was also a tinge of weight in her words, worthy of a person of high status, "Queen Eloise, I am grateful for your praise and I am sure my deceased mother would also be proud if she knew that her youngest daughter was praised by the person she admired since her youth. I will be sure to express your goodwill to my royal father when I get back to Gales."

Hearing the way Seraphina referred to the woman in front of them, Bai Zemin finally confirmed the conjecture in his heart.

Eloise Mayer, Queen of the Pralan Kingdom, one of the three parent kingdoms of the human race in Eventide World and the most powerful queen in the world. Although she was over 600 years old, her appearance made her look like a woman of 40 at most, but the mature charm that surrounded her only served to make her even more tempting in the eyes of men.

Queen Eloise was not upset by what in the past would have been considered disrespectful on Seraphina's part or if she was upset she did not let it show in her expression.

She smiled slightly and nodded before finally looking back at Bai Zemin.

Eloise observed the young man in front of her carefully, and the more she looked at him, the more surprised she became.

Bai Zemin's level was definitely stuck at level 50, she could feel it clearly. However, what surprised the Queen of Pralan was the fact that this person's aura was deep and mysterious, it felt light and weak at times but the next second heavy and frightening like that of a powerful Third Order soul evolver even though he was clearly only in the first stage.

Many times, judging by appearances was wrong, however, Eloise Mayer used Bai Zemin's appearance to correctly judge that the young man in front of her was truly terrifying. How else could a First Order soul evolver reach such an excellent level of physical appearance? Even if the young man in front of her had been born gifted with a very good physical appearance it would have been impossible to reach this stage without a high level or terrifyingly pure Soul Power.

'It seems that Dianna wasn't exaggerating, let alone lying about this child.' Eloise Mayer thought to herself and subconsciously sighed in her heart.

`Times of change have come to our world again, but the one who will bring it this time will not be the Soul Record but a human.'

An apocalypse in the apocalypse.