Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 831 Unmatched Agility

The words Bai Zemin said were a great relief to the little heart of the seemingly strong but really fragile second princess of the Gales Kingdom.

Seraphina subconsciously sighed in relief, and when she loosened her grip on the sleeve of the bathrobe Bai Zemin was wearing, she finally realized how sweaty her hands were due to the anxiety she had been feeling earlier.

Bai Zemin looked at her and the corner of his lips turned up slightly in a slight teasing sneer, to which she responded with a weak snort of disdain despite the fact that her expression was full of gratitude.

"No matter how strong you are, if you don't know how to accept what's good for you when it's in front of you... then it won't be long before you die."

Everyone turned to look at the king of Theles Kingdom who looked at Bai Zemin while shaking his head.

King Curtis continued, "Do you really think Gales will be able to hold its ground for much longer? So far everything has gone well because all the kingdoms have attacked individually, but what do you think will happen when the other 40 plus kingdoms join together to wipe out a common enemy?"

"Your Majesty Curtis can try, Zemin will be more than willing to prove that Gales is more powerful than you think." Bai Zemin smiled slightly without feeling intimidated at all.

What a joke!

From the very first moment he set foot on this battlefield, Bai Zemin knew what he might be up against and yet he decided to plant his feet in quicksand; he, Bai Zemin, always analyzed everything as much as possible before taking a step, and the fact that he had decided to take this big step despite all the difficulties was because he was confident that his strength and wit were enough to bring him out victorious!

However, Seraphina was not as optimistic as Bai Zemin and the worried expression on her face naturally did not go unnoticed by the four kings and Queen Eloise.

The middle-aged man with blue hair and wielder of a sword looked at Bai Zemin as he said in a deep voice: "It's not that we doubt about your strength, the dagger in your left hand is proof of your dexterity as a small fry would never be able to take the life of Shadow Killer. However, the strength of your allies is simply deficient."Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"You need not worry about that, king of the Akirian Kingdom. Whether my allies are weak or not, you and your kingdom will be the next to experience it once we subdue the troops of the Asalium Kingdom." Bai Zemin replied indifferently.

The expression of the last of the four kings, the only one among the five who had so far not spoken even a single word, turned slightly pale when he heard the words Bai Zemin stated.

The fourth king was named Claus Von Asalium, King of the Asalium Kingdom; the next target of the Gales Kingdom's troops stationed to the east and led by Bai Zemin.

In fact, the expression of the King of the Akirian Kingdom was not too good either after understanding what Bai Zemin was pointing out. After all, his Akirian Kingdom was one of the four kingdoms bordering the Asalium Kingdom, located northeast of the recently defeated Maiston Kingdom.

Queen Eloise sighed in her heart as she noticed the lack of confidence on the face of the kings of the Asalium Kingdom and the Akirian Kingdom. She ignored the mocking expression of the king of the Theles Kingdom who was clearly enjoying seeing how little combat intent had two kings of two of the kingdoms affiliated to her Pralan Kingdom.

'It's not as if I can blame them.... This little monster really is a mystery.' Eloise secretly sighed for the second time in less than five seconds.

Even she was forced to admit that if possible she really didn't want to clash against Bai Zemin. In contrast to King Curtis who was partially blinded by anger, Queen Eloise could say that the young man in front of them was really terrifying even if he wasn't properly dressed to fight against five Third Order soul evolvers above level 150.

"What do you really want to do, Bai Zemin?" She frowned. A glint of murderous intent flashed in her purple eyes as she slowly said, "What you are achieving by doing this is to weaken and divide our mankind. Do you understand the consequences of your actions? The demon race or any other race could use this to their advantage, dealing a fatal blow to our race!"

The expression on Bai Zemin's face did not change at all and his voice was very sincere as he spoke his mind in all honesty, "My final goal is to build a truly safe place where no one has to worry about going out into the streets and suddenly being attacked by a demon or mutant beast... To achieve that, war is inevitable, and I think it's clear to the five of you and me that in order for something new to be built, the old buildings must first be taken down."

"Bullshit!" King Curtis cursed as he scoffed mercilessly, "Our human race is united, what the hell are you talking about, you brat? Before you showed up, there were no wars between two human kingdoms for the last 3000 years! Safe place? All you are doing is destroying that peace and security with your actions!"

"Peace? Security? You sure like to spew a lot of crap when you talk, don't you? Because all I've seen come out of your mouth is a bunch of nonsensical trash so far. Old dog, you're getting on my nerves and if you keep this up I'll really turn you into a pile of minced pulp." Bai Zemin pointed at the King of Theles Kingdom with his greatsword and the lightning flashes crackled fiercely around the blade, echoing noisily in the silent forest.

Old dog?

Not only was King Curtis surprised, but the other four standing next to him were also dumbfounded, staring at Bai Zemin with wide eyes.

"... This boy really has balls." The king with the two hammers shook his head before jumping back as if he was walking away from something, the other two quickly followed him with interesting expressions on their faces.

The expression on Queen Eloise's face was ugly but when she saw the expression on Curtis's face getting uglier and uglier, she knew that no matter what she said things seemed to have reached a point of no return.

She looked at Bai Zemin and sighed as she shook her head. Soon, she had retreated more than 500 meters in a jiffy.

It was just at that moment when suddenly all the surrounding grass and trees began to die; they lost their color at first, then caught fire, and not even two fractions of a second later they turned into ashes that were carried away by the strong winds.

Seraphina's little face turned so white that it seemed as if all the blood in her body had been drained out. The aura of King Curtis was something that was far above her newly acquired level 71 from the fierce war against the demons.

Bai Zemin stepped forward again, shielding her behind him and it was only then that she was able to breathe again, gasping for air as she looked ahead in horror.

"Orc, you... He's the second most powerful mage in the world.... Be careful." She whispered with the intention of backing away as this was not a battlefield she could participate in, besides, she also didn't dare to buff Bai Zemin for fear that the other three kings and Queen Eloise would decide to interject as well.

However, when Seraphina heard Bai Zemin's sneer filled with disdain, she couldn't help but pause. Looking at the slight smile she could barely see on the left side of his face as she leaned in slightly, Seraphina's face went even whiter.

"You... You can't kill him... If you kill him, our human race will lose a great powerhouse and the other races will take advantage of that." She said without even thinking about her words.

"I cannot make such a promise, Seraphina Di Gales." King Curtis said as he looked at Bai Zemin with wide-open eyes blazing with burning anger.

Seraphina was speechless as she looked at the King of the Theles Kingdom not knowing whether or not she should say anything else.... She had said those words to Bai Zemin as she wanted to avoid mankind losing another guardian... but apparently, she was misunderstood.

Approximately two thousand bright yellow magic circles appeared in the sky 200 meters high. The magic power danced furiously and the surrounding temperature rose to a point where the earth 1000 meters around began to lose all moisture and crumble as if it had been punished by drought for several tens of years.

In less than a second, the number of magic circles had exceeded 5000!

However, the expression on Bai Zemin's face did not change at all, and before anyone present could say or do anything, his body was surrounded by a golden-colored radiance.

"Hell's F-"

The words of the King of the Theles Kingdom were cut off when he suddenly felt a hand clutching at his throat. Looking down, King Curtis' pupils contracted to the size of needles and his face went as white as if he were staring at a ghost in broad daylight.

"You old dog, I told you that you were getting on my nerves and I was even gentle enough to give you a warning.... Are you really a dog that doesn't understand human language? Although, my family picked up a little dog from the streets and she does understand us quite well when we tell her something.... Could it be that you are less smart than a dog before evolution? No wonder that little brat of a son you had ended up being stupid enough to join the demons."

The greatsword and dagger had disappeared from Bai Zemin's hands. He clutched his left hand around the neck of the King of the Theles Kingdom and put enough pressure to prove that a single squeeze was all he needed to break the man's throat as he looked at him with a smile that was not a smile and narrowed eyes.

The expression on the faces of the other three kings changed tremendously as none of them managed to see the move Bai Zemin had made. What scared them the most was the fact that when they turned to look at Eloise, who had the highest level and was an Agility-based warrior, the face of the Queen of Pralan was slightly pale as she looked at the young man surrounded by a halo of light and golden lightning with shock and disbelief.

However, it was no wonder that no one among those present was able to see Bai Zemin's previous movement as not only had he suddenly moved but he had also activated Overlap Regeneration, Crimson Lightning Flash, and even Ending Sorrow Speed from his boots... His Agility and thus movement speed were frighteningly high at this moment!

His current Agility stat was 2588 points!

Only an Agility-type soul evolver above level 170 and with tremendously pure Soul Power would, perhaps, be able to compare to Bai Zemin in this state; not even a normal level 200 soul evolver should have this much Agility!

Despite her shock, Queen Eloise hurriedly shouted, "Don't kill him! If you kill him it will be impossible for us to reach peace and we will have to go to war whether we want to or not!"

"... Don't worry, Your Majesty Eloise." Bai Zemin let out a chuckle again as he looked at the terrified King Curtis with ice-cold eyes. "If possible, Bai Zemin also wishes to avoid a war and as many deaths as possible so I won't kill him... but he isn't going to leave this place in one piece either."

The face of the Queen of the Pralan Kingdom turned white, but long before she could open her mouth to say anything, a scream that carried great pains shook the souls of all who were unlucky enough to hear it.

Seraphina and the three kingdom kings joined the Queen of Pralan, staring with open mouths and disbelieving eyes at the right arm that Bai Zemin held in his right hand.

He had already thrown King Curtis over 100 meters away and at this moment the great king of one of the three kingdoms father of Eventide World was staring at him in anger but mostly terror as he used a skill to burn his flesh, the junction between his shoulder and where his right arm used to once be.

"At least you have some decisiveness and will," Bai Zemin sneered and threw the arm towards the king as he said indifferently, "Whether you can join it later or not will be up to you, but you've already gotten it cheap. If you keep bothering me I'll really turn you into pulp..... And if you are not willing to accept this result, then come to me. This daddy will crush you and all those who come until there is no trace of you left."

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3