Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 837 Third Apocalypse & Birth of aLegend Grade Treasure (Part 2)

"I'll go first." Said the king of Gales with a serious expression on his face and before anyone could say anything his body transformed into a flash of white light, disappearing between the city buildings in a matter of seconds.

Subconsciously or not, everyone's eyes fell on Bai Zemin after King Philip charged in a northeasterly direction to face the orc that was over 70 meters tall and whose skin was completely green like jade.

As for Bai Zemin, he was looking in the northwest direction from where the second giant creature was approaching.

Seeing that he was silent, Liam pointed at the creature and said quickly, "Bai Zemin, that one is the leader of the mutant beasts of the southern part of the world. In contrast to the demon race, the mutant beasts and the other races are similar to us humans in the aspect that in a sense they follow a different leader depending on their location or place of birth. The same is true for the green orc that His Majesty Philip has gone to confront."

Bai Zemin nodded and subconsciously felt more relieved to know that the two giant creatures were not normal but leaders of their own territories. If those two Third Order creatures were fries then Bai Zemin hoped that he wouldn't meet the real leader.

"In that case, I'll go before you." He said and then muttered under his breath, "Crimson Lightning Flash."

At the same time as dozens of snake-like lightning flashes appeared around his body and softly crackled lightly illuminating the surroundings with their crimson glow, Seraphina's sweet voice sounded beside him.

"Phantom Agility."

Bai Zemin immediately felt a warm current of magical power and mana rushing into his system, nourishing his body and pushing it further. At the same time, a message from the Soul Record flashed in his eyes.

[World Priestess Seraphina Di Gales has used a buff skill on you. For the next 20 minutes, your Agility stat increases by +120 points].

However, that was not all since as Seraphina's sweet voice continued coming out of her pink lips, the green messages did not cease to flash in Bai Zemin's eyes.

"Bestial Might."

[World Priestess Seraphina Di Gales has used a buff skill on you. For the next 20 minutes, your Strength stat increases by +120 points].

"Inexhaustible."

[World Priestess Seraphina Di Gales has used a buff skill on you. For the next 20 minutes, your Stamina stat is increased by +120 points and consumption is reduced by 20%].

Bai Zemin felt a great boost of power as three of his natural stats increased sharply. He turned slightly to look at Seraphina, but given the circumstances, he didn't have time to praise her for her impressive skills.

"Thank you, Ponytails. See you later." He said, soon disappearing amidst the constant flash of lightning that sparkled around his body.

Ellis looked at Seraphina in silence as Liam directly charged north to join the battle.

Anna, who was also standing next to them, looked at the second princess with a very suggestive smile as she said quietly, "Seraphina, I wonder why you didn't use boosting skills on your father, His Majesty the king, but you did use on Bai Zemin."

Giles came up from behind and put an arm around Seraphina's shoulders as if she were a drinking buddy of him and said with a big grin, "Anna, you don't know... when a girl starts to detach from her father it's because she's-"

Bang!

"Ugh..."Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Giles' words were interrupted as his face went slightly pale and stepped back as he clutched at his stomach.

Seraphina looked at him with a slightly red face and snorted, "Serves you right, you little punk."

Without waiting for words from anyone, the blushing little princess also dashed off towards the distant battlefield.

Giles quickly regained himself, and while gently rubbing the area where Seraphina had struck with her elbow earlier, he sighed, "My God, I truly pity the rider who dares to want to tame that wild pony."

* * *

Bai Zemin stopped about 3 kilometers away from the battlefield where the soul evolvers of mankind were facing the creatures of other races who were not only fighting against them but also fighting each other.

In front of him, a giant snake that could easily be considered a dragon stopped and stared at him with its golden eyes glowing in the darkness.

The giant snake was over 800 meters long and when it lifted its upper body its height reached 500 meters with ease. Its entire length was covered by a thick scaly armor of shiny obsidian color and from the inside of its mouth came a strange white mist that froze whatever it came in contact with.

This was undoubtedly the largest creature Bai Zemin had seen so far. However, strangely, he did not feel any hostility coming from the creature towards him; at least not at a level high enough for a battle to break out soon.

Looking in an easterly direction, Bai Zemin's eyes glinted uncannily as King Philip did not seem to be fighting the giant jade-green orc either.

He turned his eyes to the giant snake that was still staring at him and calmly asked, "May I know the reason why a Third Order soul evolver like you went out of its territory and wandered into human territory?"

Each apocalypse only affected the weaker creatures of each world while the more powerful ones were largely unaffected except for difficulty in controlling mana or increased fatigue due to the constant gravitational increase.

For example, during the first apocalypse on Earth, the humans less able to adapt to mana were turned into zombies while during the second apocalypse the Unclassified beasts and goblins became even more berserk, attacking everything in sight or chasing the larger sources of power as if they had gone mad in order to gain power and survive.

As for Eventide World which was experiencing its third apocalypse since the arrival of the Soul Record, the beasts and other low-intelligence races of the First Order had become as crazy as those Unclassified and this was precisely what made each apocalypse more challenging than the previous one from many points of view.

However, First Order existences with developed intelligence like humans could resist the adverse effects of losing control over the mana they had more; this was their blessing and curse at the same time since being able to resist meant that they would not go out hunting like crazy, thus missing the chance to become more powerful but at the same time saving themselves from being killed by someone stronger.

As for the Third Order snake in front of him.... The creature had more than enough power not to suffer due to mana alteration. Therefore, the beast should have a reason to appear here, and judging by the way things were going, Bai Zemin estimated that a battle would not necessarily break out between the two sides; something he would welcome given the circumstances.

The giant snake stared at Bai Zemin with its big eyes. After a few seconds, a distinctly feminine voice spread out to the surroundings.

"Human soul evolver, let's make an alliance to get the treasure."

Bai Zemin stared at the giant snake while blinking continuously. He didn't know whether he was more surprised by the fact that the giant snake spoke without even opening her mouth or by the fact that she wanted to form an alliance with him even though she could definitely sense that his level was only 50.

However, what confused him the most were the words of the giant snake.

"Treasure? What treasure are you talking about?" he asked with a frown.

The giant snake also blinked at his question, "I can sense danger when I look at you, which means that you are strong enough to threaten my life if you and I were to fight.... A rare soul evolver like you should have a high enough status to be able to get access to privileged information within your human race.... Do you really not know what happens during the evolution of a world?"

Bai Zemin's expression changed slightly as he realized that it wasn't all madness and slaughter when a world evolved. In fact, now that he thought about it more carefully, when the Earth first evolved all living things received a divine treasure called mana, as well as the ability to strengthen themselves to levels no one ever thought possible.

´Did the Earth also give birth to a treasure when it went through its second stage?' Such a thought was naturally born in his brain and once it took root he could not get it out of his head.

Because Bai Zemin had only been on Earth for a few days after it entered the second stage of evolution, he didn't know much about what had happened or what was happening. However, it seemed that when he does return he will have more work to do than he originally estimated.

Just as Bai Zemin was frowning with concern, the voice of the giant snake sounded in the vicinity again.

"Judging by the expression on your face it seems that you really didn't know... That's odd, but never mind. Let me explain."

The Third Order giant snake's golden eyes glittered as she said in a clear and melodious voice, "When our world entered the second stage almost 5000 years ago, an Epic grade treasure was born after all the remaining mana and Soul Power merged together. Although it is not 100% certain, all the ancestors of every race estimated that by the third stage, the treasure that will spawn will be a Legend grade treasure!"

Bai Zemin's eyes shone upon hearing the giant snake's words and he subconsciously rubbed his storage ring.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3