Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 838 Snake Queen & Orc King

Legend grade treasures were so precious that Bai Zemin had heard from Lilith that even the Higher Existences valued them highly.

Because a Legend grade treasure was tremendously difficult to form, even Bai Zemin had never obtained one after defeating an enemy even though he was killing existences far above his level. In fact, if not for the 'Destroyer of Destroyers' mission that the Soul Record had given him and Shangguan Bing Xue after crossing the spatial rift to Oblon World, he would not have his spatial storage ring; his only Legend grade treasure.

It was only natural that at the mention of a treasure of such magnitude Bai Zemin's attention would begin to itch. However, he needed to first confirm a few things, and as if a certain someone knew what he was thinking, Bai Zemin received the answer he was looking for.

"What the evolved snake in front of you is saying is true."

Lilith's voice sounded in his ears.

"It's not something 100% accurate and that's why I never mentioned it, besides let me tell you that in your world no treasure was born when Earth evolved to the second stage, another reason why I didn't say anything before."

Bai Zemin had a thoughtful expression on his face and upon hearing Lilith's words he nodded slightly as he also thought that it was better for her not to overload him with information that even she was unsure of.

As the giant evolved snake looked at Bai Zemin with her big golden eyes, she thought that he was considering the possibilities before giving an answer to her previous proposal. However, the mutant beast was unaware that an extremely powerful being was very close at hand.

"Remember the mana tornadoes? It turns out that sometimes certain strange events take place when more than five mana tornadoes explode and release the mana inside them in relatively close proximity to each other. That released mana joins with the records of the world and of the existences that were killed to give birth to a completely new treasure... These kinds of events are unusual but yes, they do happen. However, it is not guaranteed that the treasure to be born will be of Legend grade, that will depend solely on the amount of mana and records absorbed during the explosion along with the quality of both."

In fact, another reason why the Higher Existences fought bloody wars with each other to obtain more worlds was precisely because the more worlds a faction controlled the greater the chances of obtaining a high-grade treasure. However, Lilith did not mention this fact to Bai Zemin as it was not necessary for him to know such a thing yet and in time he would probably understand it on his own.

After about a minute or two, Bai Zemin raised his head to look at the evolved snake.

"Do you have a name by which I can call you? Else I can just call you snake if that doesn't offend you."

"Hahahaha!"

The evolved snake suddenly started laughing out loud after hearing Bai Zemin's question. Her laughter was so powerful that the surroundings shook and the mist coming from the sides of her mouth became stronger as now even her body began to acquire an extra layer of frost, but oddly enough, it didn't seem to affect her at all.

The snake used her big golden eyes to look at him as she said with her clear voice, "Human, you are really interesting! I have lived for over 700 years but you are the third existence and the second human who asks if I have a name! Very well, even if you reject my offer to form an alliance, meeting someone as educated as you and the fact that you got a good laugh out of me has made the trip here not a waste."

Bai Zemin maintained an indifferent and hard-to-read expression, however, the evolved snake would probably want to eat him alive if she knew what he was thinking.

"My name is Mei Lin, queen of 30% of all mutant beasts in the southeastern part of the world. Make sure you don't forget it!" Said the evolved snake very proudly.

Mei Lin had the qualifications to feel proud considering that 30% of all mutant beasts in the southeastern part of the world definitely totaled in tens of millions. However, what caught Bai Zemin's attention was her name.

"Chinese?" he muttered subconsciously as he looked at the giant creature a few meters away.

"It's not Chinese, it's Mei Lin!" Said the evolved snake, this time clearly feeling a bit ticked off.

"No, it's not that... Just forget it." Bai Zemin shook his head before moving on to the main topic, "Mei Lin, regarding your proposal from earlier."

"Mm? Have you finally made your decision?"

Bai Zemin did not answer immediately and instead asked calmly, "Regarding the alliance, would you mind if other soul evolvers join us? Don't worry, they will also be powerful and won't be a burden."

Mei Lin said nothing for several seconds, she raised her neck and lifted her head to look into the distance and said in a soft but clear voice, "Are you talking about Philip and Zilug?"

Zilug? Bai Zemin looked back over his shoulder and his eyes fell on the jade green orc who also seemed to be chatting rather than fighting King Philip. Since the evolved snake knew the name of the king of Gales then there was no need to think too hard to understand that Zilug was the name of the true leader of the orcs in this part of the world.

Bai Zemin turned his focus back to the giant snake and said in a firm voice, "I don't know about this Zilug you speak of, however, the king of Gales will definitely join us."

After a few seconds of silence, Mei Lin gently nodded her big head as she said in a thoughtful voice, "That's good too.... If Philip joins the alliance then Zilug will have no choice but to enter as well unless he wants to court death.... Besides, our chances of stealing the treasure will be higher that way."

Stealing the treasure? Bai Zemin felt lost again as he heard mysterious and unfamiliar words. Unfortunately, this did not seem to be the time for questions as the earth soon began to tremble even more than it was already shaking due to the war that was occurring in the distance.

"Witch Mei Lin, it's a miracle you're still alive!"

A powerful, booming voice thundered in the surroundings.

Bai Zemin looked over his shoulder and narrowed his eyes for a brief moment before his expression returned to normal. Even then, the muscles in his body tightened slightly and his entire being went into standby mode, ready for combat at any second.

"Hmph, I don't have any plans of dying before you die, Zilug."

The king of Gales and the approximately 70-meter tall orc approached.

The king's body seemed to blink, disappearing from his previous position and appearing over 30 meters away with each step; a visual effect of his high Agility as a spear user.

As for the giant orc, each step he took was big enough to cover huge distances even though his speed didn't seem to be his forte so he actually managed to keep up with the king without any visible problems.

Now that Bai Zemin had the chance to take a closer look at Zilug, he was a bit surprised to find out that the orc's body was not only jade green in color but his entire skin seemed to be covered with rocks of different sizes that looked like real jades. Furthermore, the true leader of the orcs in this area of the world had a giant shovel on his back; odd indeed.

Zilug looked at Bai Zemin at the same time he was looking at him. After a few seconds, the giant orc said in a powerful voice, "Philip, is this the human you spoke of earlier?"

"It's him, Zilug." King Philip nodded and said confidently, "What do you think? This guy will be our trump card this time."

Without waiting for a reply from the orc, the king looked at the evolved snake and said in a friendly manner, "Mei Lin, it's been about 300 years since we met but your size practically doubled haha. Looks like you've been doing well."

"Philip Di Gales, you sly old thing. Don't think I've forgotten how you stole that Rank 3 Mountain Root back in those days and then ran off." Mei Lin snorted under her breath but there was no antagonism in her words.

"Haha... About that... I'll make it up to you someday, I promise." King Philip scratched his head a little embarrassed.

To avoid wars that could lead to annihilation, all the kings of the kingdom had come to a friendly agreement with the different leaders of the different races that were within the territory they called their own. The agreement was very simple and it was to avoid as much as possible that soul evolvers above level 50 tread on the borders of the territories where the other lived so that disastrous wars that no one wanted to see could be avoided.

Bai Zemin watched the interaction between the two sides and could not help but think in his heart if the humanity on Earth that once ruled the world would also have to surrender part of its territory to the zombies.

"Mmmm...."

Zilug's thoughtful little humming stopped Bai Zemin's thoughts at the same time as Mei Lin and King Philip turned to look at him.

"Zilug? What's wrong?" the king asked in a deep voice as he saw the giant orc's bizarre behavior.

However, Zilug did not reply to King Philip's question and instead continued staring at Bai Zemin as he muttered to himself, "Clearly you are small.... You're even only level 50... But why do I sometimes sense danger and sometimes not? Here you go!"

Swoosh!

Just as everyone stood perplexed at the orc's strange musings, Zilug suddenly swung his right fist ferociously downward straight at Bai Zemin!

"Zilug, are you crazy?!"𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"Stop!"

Neither King Philip nor the evolved snake Mei Lin expected Zilug to launch such a sudden attack just as he seemed to be calmly thinking something. Especially considering that he had traveled a long distance to get here in search of an alliance!

Bai Zemin looked at the descending giant fist with no change in his expression. The ground beneath his feet sank and the stones turned to dust even before the attack hit the ground as proof of how terrifying the giant orc's physical strength was.

His right fist clenched and at the same time as his left foot stepped forward, his right foot stepped back. Without activating skills and without any fancy moves, Bai Zemin punched fiercely forward using directly 80% of his total physical strength.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!

Under the surprised eyes of King Philip and the evolved snake Mei Lin, the two fists collided and a powerful explosion resounded noisily. The shockwave forced both of them back as they did not expect this kind of result at all.

RUMBLE...

Amidst the lightning flashes of mana in the sky, the atmosphere rumbled loudly as a result of the clash between the two powerhouses.

The visual impact of seeing a small human of 1.80 meters tall with his arm extended forward and successfully stopping the giant fist of a monstrous orc of at least 70 meters tall was simply shocking and suffocating to anyone who looked at it.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!!!

After two or three seconds of stalemate, Zilug's right arm faltered, and with nothing else to do he was forced to take five steps back before finally shaking off the full damaging force of the opponent's punch that traveled from his fist to his legs, subsequently destroying the ground with every step he took.

As for Bai Zemin, he did not move from his previous position. However, he did not take the previous clash as his victory, and as he looked at the broken skin on his bleeding fist, a flash of shock shone in his onyx-colored eyes.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3