Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 841 Large-scale massacre of thedemon race

When Bai Zemin arrived in front of the throne room he found that the double wooden door was closed, and even the two soul evolvers who usually stood at the entrance as guardians were nowhere to be seen.

It seemed that just as the pretty maid from earlier had told him, the situation was quite serious.

The doors creaked softly as Bai Zemin pushed inside, opening without any hindrance whatsoever.

The existences already inside the throne room stopped all conversation as the doors creaked slightly before opening.

Several eyes fell upon Bai Zemin from the first instant he set foot inside the room.

Seraphina, Ellis, Liam, Anna, Giles, General Lazas, the young and timid assassin Kat, and approximately a dozen other people who were part of the most powerful soul evolvers in all of the Gales Kingdom were inside the room.

The Third Order snake, Mei Lin, was also present in her human form and even Zilug was inside the room despite his height thanks to the fact that the corridors and doors of the castle were exaggeratedly large not to mention the distance between the floor and the ceiling.

The two kings of their respective races within their respective territories had stayed in the castle for the past week and did not leave at all. According to them, the reason they were staying was so they could better discuss alliance matters, but Bai Zemin was beginning to suspect that Mei Lin enjoyed the high quality service that the human maids could provide in contrast to the rough service of the mutant beasts while Zilung was like a perverted old man looking at the girls walking past him even though he never did anything bad.

"Zemin, you're finally here." King Philip nodded with a serious expression and made a gesture with his hand, "Sit down first, we were waiting for you."

The atmosphere was really serious and even heavy. Bai Zemin nodded silently and sat down on one of the chairs that had been placed on the sides; Seraphina and Ellis had saved one for him, casually in between the two sisters....

"Now that we are all here, I want to announce a very important piece of news I received today morning but waited until now to tell you since I wanted to confirm the truthfulness first even though the source is very reliable." King Philip said as he pulled out a small device with a Second Order Soul Stone embedded in it.

Ellis leaned slightly closer to Bai Zemin and explained in a whisper: "That is a device that allows two or more existences to communicate regardless of distance as long as it is within our world, it also has the ability to store messages. Only nobles of great prestige from families that once had a powerful warrior or soul evolvers above level 70 can afford such a device because only a Second Order Soul Stone is able to feed its hunger for no more than 20 uses before it crumbles to dust. These are the devices that allow news to spread quickly throughout the world."

Bai Zemin nodded silently and thanked her with his eyes.

King Philip injected his mana and the Soul Stone immediately lit up. Several magical runes glowed on the small fist-sized device, and soon, two voices came from inside the unit.

"Fucking fiend, you and your race will pay for this! Scum who won't even spare newborns!"

"... Heh, is that so? Who will be the one to make us pay though? Are they the kings of the kingdom that you humans are so proud of? Hahaha, laughable! I'm in eighth place among His Majesty's demon generals but I alone was enough to kill that old thing without much trouble.... Shit, I forgot his name even though I absorbed his records.... Just die already, Second Order trash."

A sound of something breaking was heard from the device followed by something falling to the ground with a thud. Then, the demon's voice was heard again.

"Humans, humans... you have no idea what awaits for you."Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Then, the sound of footsteps got farther and farther away until the lights on the device went out and there was no more sound.

The faces of some people like Seraphina and Anna had turned pale at the sound of the demon's voice. As for the rest, their expressions were either ugly or anger-filled as they understood what the recorded message represented.

After a moment of silence, King Philip said in a deep voice: "The scout was a level 67 soul evolver affiliated to the Pralan Kingdom. Queen Eloise received the scout's call just when he had already been captured by the demon general, he probably did it to pass on the information before he died. The Pralan Kingdom sent the same message to all the 48 kingdoms on foot, I confirmed it personally."

Ellis' expression was serious and her beautiful face was slightly wrinkled by her frown, "Father, let me see if I understood correctly but.... Does this mean that the culprits of the fall of the Cirian Kingdom are none other than the demons? That demon said to be in the eighth position among the Demon Lord's demons general, if I'm not mistaken, the eighth demon general is called Aroth."

"The demons are definitely behind the destruction of the Cirian Kingdom and the massacre of more than 17 million humans.... However, it was not Aroth who defeated the Cirian King." King Philip shook his head without any doubt on his face.

'Seventeen million humans...' Bai Zemin subconsciously clenched his fist tightly and gritted his teeth until they gnashed.

Bai Zemin annihilated his enemies to leave no possible future retaliation, however, the demons were clearly killing humans for another kind of incentive and were not doing it for survival. Besides, while he knew it was hypocritical to feel this way when he had killed so many innocents, Bai Zemin did not feel good knowing that another race was slaughtering his own cold-bloodedly; even if he was not a human of this world.

Moreover, Bai Zemin was open to get the wrath of an avenger who would rise up to punish him for his actions. Therefore, the demons should also be open to feel his wrath.

It was only fair. The fist of the strongest was the only real ruler that existed.

Ellis glanced sideways at Bai Zemin, feeling his anger. She patted his shoulder gently under Seraphina's not-so-kind eyes as she asked in a serious voice: "Father, how are you so sure that Aroth was not the one who killed the King of Cirian? Demon generals might have a lower average level than kingdom kings, but they can all leap levels to fight against stronger soul evolvers."

King Philip looked at Bai Zemin even though it was Ellis who asked the question and said in a firm voice, "The King of the Cirian Kingdom was a powerful mage with 90% of his skills focused on the pure water demon element, but the general demon Aroth is a mage who uses cursed fire skills. It is well known by natural laws that fire cannot defeat wate, therefore, it is absolutely impossible for the King of Cirian to fall against Aroth in a 1 vs 1 combat, definitely not."

Bai Zemin narrowed his eyes and said in a cold voice, "That demon general whatever his name was is trying to hide something."

"Queen Eloise and I think the same thing." King Philip nodded and said in a deep voice, "However, what would a demon general want to hide? Another demon general? I doubt it, such a thing doesn't make much sense."

"Demon Lord." Bai Zemin said without hesitation. "The demon king was the one who killed the King of the Cirian Kingdom fast enough so that the latter didn't even have a chance to send a message to the other kingdoms while his generals were the ones who took it upon themselves to wipe out all human life in the various cities and towns of the kingdom."

The entire room fell under a stony silence as Bai Zemin's words echoed inside the throne room. It was as if for a few seconds everyone held their breath before King Philip finally broke that silence in a serious voice filled with murderous intent.

"My exact thoughts," The king nodded with anger and thirst for revenge burning in his eyes, "That damned beast of the demon race finally came out!"

His wife, the one woman he had loved and the one existence he had been willing to marry to start a family with had been killed by one of the demon generals under the Demon Lord's command. Although the demon general Bel'gos guilty of Queen Helena's death had already been killed by King Philip with the help of Bai Zemin, the king was not satisfied and wanted the head of the real culprit; the leader of the one who killed his beloved!

"That's good too." Bai Zemin nodded and stood up while saying coolly, "While we're at it, we might as well annihilate all the demons."

The faces of Ellis, Seraphina, Anna, Giles, Kat, Evan, Liam, and all the younger ones who were not used to large-scale massacres involving millions of lives turned slightly pale as murderous intent leaked from Bai Zemin's words.

He didn't realize it, but the moment those words came out of his mouth, the skill Lonely Wolf Aura was half activated, therefore, the blurred image of a crimson wolf appeared behind him. However, unlike in the past, the crimson wolf was no longer on all fours but was standing like a human; this was because the skill Lonely Wolf Aura had evolved.

(A/N: Chapter 819, just in case.)

"B- But... annihilate all the demons?" Seraphina looked at Bai Zemin with hesitant eyes and said in a low voice, "If we do that, what would make us different from them?"

Zilug looked at Seraphina out of the corner of his eye and said loudly, "Di Gales girl, you are too soft."

Mei Lin said nothing but it was clear from the way she shook her head that she did not see the second princess's words in a good light.

Bai Zemin looked at Seraphina and said calmly, "Ponytails, I think you are misunderstanding something? Since the Soul Record linked us all within its web, there is no such thing called difference. Demon or human, mutant beast or orc; we are all the same, we kill to live and devour to grow. Fight, win, evolve; simple as that. Since demons are cruel, then there is no need to show them mercy."

He looked at King Philip and after a short pause continued, "Besides, I have already slaughtered over 2,000,000 demons that lived in the center of the Forest of the Ancients.... Elder or child, not one was left behind the day Her Majesty Helena fell on the battlefield."

Everyone's hearts were shaken this time and even the Second Order generals who had made it to that stage by slaughtering countless enemies and fighting for at least 100 years looked at Bai Zemin in shock.

Seraphina and Ellis looked at Bai Zemin's back with pale faces, neither of them said anything.

"Your Majesty, do you remember our deal from before?" Bai Zemin asked as he looked the king straight in the eyes.

King Philip nodded, "I do remember, of course, I do remember."

"At that time I said that if the demon race didn't get involved then I would let them be, but now I have to take back that line." He said in a cold voice. "Even though the demons' actions don't affect neither me nor you at the moment, leaving this kind of bloodthirsty enemy alive is no different than releasing a tiger into the mountains; it will eventually come back to hunt us."

Before the king could say anything, Zilug interjected, "Hey, hey, Zemin boy... Aren't you getting too far ahead of yourself? I know you're strong, strong enough to break my Jade Skin.... However, the Demon Lord is at a different level. What happened this time could have been his revenge for what happened in the Forest of the Ancients, maybe he will stop here since pressuring all the human kingdoms won't do him any good either and he knows it. We better stop stirring up the hornet's nest before we get bitten to death."

"I'm not asking for your help, don't worry, Zilug." Bai Zemin replied calmly. He looked at the green orc and said slowly, "Our alliance will only be until we reach the treasure and get it secured, then we will be enemies, and probably only one of us will make it out alive, won't we? There is only one treasure after all, and I don't think you want to share it."

Zilug simply looked at him silently, he said nothing. His silence tactfully was a positive nod to Bai Zemin's words.

The atmosphere cooled a bit when the words that none of the four involved in the alliance had wanted to mention so far.

After a few seconds, Mei Lin let out a chuckle that caused a white mist to leak out of her half-open mouth as she said with narrowed eyes, "Well, it's most probable that the Demon Lord will show up to fight for the treasure so.... Let's all dance together to death and let the ultimate winner grant the fallen allies a good burial!"

Bai Zemin looked at Mei Lin, she looked at him too.

He smiled slightly and said calmly, "Yeah, let's dance to death."

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3