Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 843 Soul Manipulation (Part 1)

"You... have something inside you, in your soul."

The words Kali said were so confusing that Bai Zemin frowned and inadvertently looked at Lilith as if to ask if she knew anything about it.

"Scoundrel, don't look!"

Lilith tried to warn him but it was too late.

Bai Zemin jumped in surprise just as Kali's voice sounded inside the room again.

"I knew it."

As he turned to look at her, Bai Zemin felt a chill run down his spine when he noticed that Kali was no longer "looking" in his direction nor in Seraphina's direction but was currently "staring" at the place where Lilith was currently.

This little kid... Did she notice Lilith? Bai Zemin broke into sweating bullets at such a thought.

Lilith let out a big exasperated sigh. She scratched her head and said not knowing whether to laugh or cry, "Why is it that all the people around you are or end up becoming anomalies, little brother Zemin?"

If before Bai Zemin had any doubts then now he no longer had any after hearing Lilith's words.

"This girl named Kali seems to have a skill to see the presence of a soul or even the soul itself, my skills Sense Distortion and Invisibility are of no use here. She already knows that I am standing next to you." Lilith said as she looked at Kali, curious to know what the young girl would do now.

Bai Zemin's brain showed its ability to work overtime under pressure and in an instant he reached an important decision about what he was going to do next.

Nothing!

He wasn't going to do anything. He did not plan to kill the girl to keep Lilith's presence under wraps or make meaningless threats, he would simply do nothing. At the end of the day, there were plenty of excuses he could make, and since the only person present was Seraphina, there wasn't much to worry about.

"Kali? What do you mean by those words?" Seraphina looked at her friend curiously and completely oblivious to what was happening.

Kali turned her face towards Bai Zemin and after a few moments sighed weakly.

"It's nothing, forget it."

"Oh?" Lilith raised an eyebrow and a flash of surprise shone in her ruby eyes.

Bai Zemin was confused as well. He looked at Kali and could barely restrain himself from asking her why she was hiding the presence of a fourth person inside the room from Seraphina who was her friend.

"Seraphina, what is your friend's name? You haven't properly introduced us yet." Kali said softly. She calmly pointed out, "I don't think his name is really Orc, is it?"

"N- No... His name is Bai Zemin." Seraphina replied somewhat awkwardly.

"Bai Zemin? A peculiar name, better than Orc though." Kali nodded slightly. "May I ask the reason you call him Orc? I assume he calls you Ponytails because of your hairstyle, I've helped you with that before after all."

"Y- You're quite talkative today, aren't you Kali?" growled Seraphina under her breath. She cleared her throat and said trying to keep calm, "L- Let's forget the orc thing for now, okay?"

"No, I am also curious to know the reason why you call me like that." Bai Zemin folded his arms and looked at Seraphina steadily as he said in a clear voice, "I've been curious for a while now regarding the way you address me."

Seraphina looked at him hesitantly for several seconds before shaking her head fiercely as if to send some memory flying, "I won't tell! Believe me, if I tell you, you'll regret it later!"

Lilith had been holding back her laughter since the conversation had started, but seeing how Seraphina was behaving, she finally couldn't help but burst out laughing.

"Hahahaha! Daddy Zemin, if I were you I'd listen to the little princess and wouldn't ask anymore hehehe.... Sometimes, ignorance is bliss!"

Bai Zemin frowned slightly and an expression that was filled with confusion and doubt covered his face.

Now that he thought better of it, Lilith had been at his side when he was unconscious so she should have seen and heard everything going on around him.... Could it be that something had happened with the orcs while he was out of combat? Bai Zemin suddenly didn't feel so much like knowing the past when he thought about this.

Perhaps realizing that he no longer had any intention of pursuing the matter, Kali simply shrugged indifferently.

"Forget it then." She said in an emotionless voice. Her face looked at Bai Zemin and her eyelids trembled slightly as she calmly said, "What I said before regarding you having something in your soul, that wasn't a trick feint to lure you.... You really do have something inside you."

"What? Did you really mean it?" Bai Zemin frowned and his voice suddenly became serious: "Kali, can you tell me what you see? Please, I'll pay you whatever you want."

Bai Zemin had thought that Kali had said those words earlier just to surprise him and try to force a reaction from him so that she would be able to confirm the existence of a fourth person in the room. However, it seemed that Kali had not said that just for the sake of saying it.

Even Lilith's expression had become grave at this point.

The matters involving the soul could not be treated lightly in any way. The soul was what strengthened the body and the container of the records that made up every living existence in the universe. If an existence had the ability to crush souls, then a level 1 soul evolver would be able to slaughter any enemy with a single thought regardless of the difference in levels; that was how important the matter at hand was.

Precisely because of this, Bai Zemin felt anxious and said that he was willing to pay Kali. Although he did not trust her, it was an irrefutable fact that she had discovered Lilith and this could only mean that Kali really could see the souls of living beings. Besides, Bai Zemin believed that at least for the sake of Seraphina, her friend, Kali would not try to harm him.

Kali did not mention anything about receiving payment. She seemed to take Bai Zemin's words as nothing but air since after a couple of seconds she revealed what she could see.

"From birth until now, my eyes have always been closed, and no matter how hard I try, I simply cannot open them in the same way that I cannot move the lower part of my body. However, even though I can't see with my eyes, I can still sense souls."

Kali did not mention life nor did she say anything regarding the gods blessing her with a special skill. However, Bai Zemin agreed with her not to do so. Freewebnᴏvel.cᴏm.

Why should she, who was deprived of her eyes and legs, feel grateful to the gods or to life? It was good enough that Kali was not blaming anyone and was going on with her life in a mature way despite her age.

She continued: "Regardless if there are thousands or if there are millions, each living being has only one soul. Moreover, after many years I discovered that no matter how many living beings walked before me and regardless of their race or gender, they all possessed a soul of red, orange, yellow, green, cyan, indigo, or violet color. Seven colors, the seven colors of the electromagnetic spectrum."Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

The electromagnetic spectrum was basically an energy carrier. An energy carrier could emit (release) or absorb (devour) another carrier, becoming stronger while reaffirming its own identity as an energy carrier.

Bai Zemin and Lilith gasped as they realized something shockingly important, something that even Kali herself was unaware of because of the small place she was born and raised in, something that only someone like Bai Zemin who was a peer of a Higher Existence could appreciate.

An energy carrier was like the fingerprint, the identification of a living being.... Weren't souls, record containers, the identification of every living being...? Was the Soul Record a being or thing capable of controlling the energy that the electromagnetic spectrum or energy carriers released?

Was it not by absorbing the energy released by the defeated that others could become stronger?

Kali continued: "Living beings with weak souls have red colored souls and they are the vast majority. Those a little stronger than normal have orange colored souls. Then there are those who have yellow colored souls, I have only seen a handful of people with this type of soul. Yellow souls are followed by green souls, and so far I have only met one person with this type of soul... Seraphina's father, King Philip Di Gales."

Taking advantage of the momentary silence, Seraphina couldn't help but ask curiously, "Kali, what about my soul? You never told me this before."

"... Seraphina, you really should be more patient. You are a princess, do you forget?" Kali shook her head slightly and although her voice had not changed for some reason she sounded quite helpless: "Why on earth would I mention this to you before? I'm just saying all this because I discovered something new today and I'm curious about your friend, that's all."

Without giving Seraphina a chance to say anything else, Kali focused again on Bai Zemin and continued, "Green colored souls are followed by cyan colored ones, in all my life I have only seen one person with this kind of soul.... Her Majesty Queen Helena, Seraphina's mother. It is really unfortunate that the queen lost her life, her talent would definitely have let her surpass His Majesty Philip."

Seraphina bit her lips and a flash of sadness shone in her eyes. However, that sadness soon turned to conviction and pride as she learned how powerful and talented her mother really was; even more than her father the king!

Just as Bai Zemin was nodding silently since he had heard from Lilith that Queen Helena's talent was indeed high, a cry of surprise made him jump slightly.

"The color of treasures!" Lilith exclaimed in shock.

Bai Zemin didn't even bother with dissimulation, he looked at her in surprise for her sudden outburst.

She ignored him and muttered with trembling eyes, " Red-Normal, Orange-Rare, Yellow-Magic, Green-Epic, Cyan-Legend, Indigo-Demigod, Violet-God..."

Kali could not hear Lilith's voice, but as she "saw" Bai Zemin looking at the fourth mysterious person with his soul fluctuating, she judged several things correctly.

Kali did not lose her composure and calmly continued, "Beyond Cyan is unknown to me, even Seraphina has a Cyan colored soul."

"Eh?! I will surpass my father?!" Seraphina exclaimed in ecstasy at the news that she shared her beloved mother's talent.

"If you work hard," Kali pointed out. She ignored Seraphina and continued, "Even though I don't know beyond Cyan, I am 99% sure that the colors that follow are Indigo and Violet, only then can the electromagnetic spectrum be completed."

This time even Bai Zemin got as shocked as Lilith, except that unlike her, all he could do was stand there, frozen.

Seraphina, Kali, and probably no living being in Eventide World knew that beyond the Epic or Legend grade, there were other even more powerful treasures. However, even if they did know, they probably wouldn't attach importance to the colors of the orbs because only Kali would be able to associate the treasures with the souls and their colors.

"However, you are different, Bai Zemin." Kali said suddenly. "More specifically, your soul is different and that is why your existence is."

"What do you mean?" he quickly pursued in a voice eager to know more.

This was a critical point for him... No, it probably was for the entire universe!

Even the proud and powerful Lilith had her eyes pinned on the disabled girl in the wheelchair for fear of losing sight of her!

"Your soul is neither red, orange, yellow, green, cyan, indigo, or violet.... Your soul is white, pure white."

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3