Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 844 Soul Manipulation (Part 2/2)

Bai Zemin lowered his head and rubbed his chin as he listened to the words Kali said.

When she told him that his soul was white, pure white, Bai Zemin suddenly felt a trace of momentary inspiration. He did not dare to let that opportunity pass him by so he quickly began to chase that little trace that was just within the reach of the extension of his arm.

Seeing Bai Zemin suddenly fall into deep contemplation, Seraphina and Kali instinctively felt that it was best not to disturb and so neither of them said anything.

Even Lilith looked at him with bright eyes. Her heart felt uneasy and anxious, she knew that this could be a very important moment not only for Bai Zemin but also for her future together with him, this could be the crucial moment that would perhaps mark a new beginning in the history of the cosmos!

The minutes passed without Bai Zemin noticing the flow of time at all. For him, the only important thing was to pursue that small trace of light that seemed to be guiding him to the only existing exit from the prison in which they were all locked into.

Bai Zemin had never in his life felt so happy to have been a good student and a great reader in the past. His knowledge of physics, biology, anatomy, and many other fields were mixed with the hundreds and even thousands of theories he had read in different light novels.

If Lilith knew what he was doing she could undoubtedly slap him to death for daring to mess around like that.

...

The body was the equivalent of the vase or container, the soul was the water or nutrient that fed the rose, the rose that grew represented life.... Without a vase, the water could not be contained in one place and consequently, the rose would soon die from lack of water.

The body was the light bulb that illuminated and the electricity was the soul that gave energy, the light was the product or result of the union between the bulb and the electricity... If the bulb was too big and the electricity too weak then there would be no light unless the electricity became strong enough to activate the circuit switch, at the same time, if the electric current was too powerful and exceeded the limit of the bulb, then the bulb would explode into pieces.

How did life form? Based on the electromagnetic spectrum, each soul seemed to have a limit (electric current) and each physical body usually had the same potential of the soul (light bulb) or else problems would occur for life (light) to exist without inconvenience.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

The electromagnetic spectrum was composed of seven colors that coincidentally or not matched the color of the souls of all living beings. However, what about Bai Zemin's soul then? His soul was white after all.

Bai Zemin recalled that during his physics classes he was once educated that the union of red, green, and blue could produce the seven colors of the electromagnetic spectrum; this was called RGB because of the initials of each of the three colors. However, the really amazing thing happened when the seven colors were joined together.

If the seven colors of the electromagnetic spectrum were united, the result was a pure white color free of impurities. At the same time, the white color was the container of the seven colors of the spectrum.

For example, if after a storm the sun emerged, what normally occurred was the birth of a rainbow, which was composed of the seven colors of the electromagnetic spectrum. The light of the sun was white light, and when it passed through a drop of crystalline water that light was decomposed and its true internal composition was revealed; the seven colors.

From one point of view, Bai Zemin's soul was the combination of the seven types of souls that existed. However, from another point of view, Bai Zemin's soul was the container of those seven types of souls; the electromagnetic spectrum itself.

Now, the question was the next one.... How could he, who was the source of energy and container, create or nurture and destroy other souls? Bai Zemin found the partial answer to nurture, but he still needed to improve much more.

As for creating or destroying... He simply could not see beyond the wall in front of him, he had already reached the end of the corridor and had caught that bright light trace that was guiding him. Now it was up to him if he could break through the wall blocking his path to see what lay beyond.

...

"I see." Bai Zemin muttered under his breath. He raised his head and looked at Kali gratefully as he slowly said, "The white light makes up the seven colors of the electromagnetic spectrum, if you disassemble it you get those seven colors.... It will be up to you to manipulate and control the wavelength and wavelength frequency."

Immediately after those words left his mouth, a series of messages began to flash continuously in his retinas one after another just like a small child jumping happily in front of its parents after being picked up from school after so much expectation and waiting.

[Congratulations!]

[You are the first existence in the multiverse to catch a spark of the essence of the Soul Record. This is an unexpected but very welcome achievement!]

[You receive the special reward: Wishing Soul Orb.]

[You have learned the active skill 'Soul Manipulation' EX rank level 1!]

Apart from those fourth messages, Bai Zemin received a fifth message. However, when he read only the first line, he immediately stopped and decided to continue later... He wanted to savor the happy moment first as it seemed that the fifth message was not particularly a reward for his wonderful achievement.

Lilith looked at Bai Zemin in shock. She didn't know what had happened, but in comparison to the two girls in the room, Lilith could feel that he had become stronger.

However, before Lilith or either of the other two girls could ask or say anything, a flash of seven-colored light suddenly covered the room. Both the surrounding records and the surrounding mana swirled into one point and were quickly absorbed.

Seraphina subconsciously closed her eyes and Kali did not manage to see anything as she simply could not open her eyelids. The only one who managed to see what that object was was Lilith since Bai Zemin reached his hand up and kept it in his storage ring as soon as his fingers came in contact with it.

"Zemin, you..." Lilith looked at him with wide eyes, not knowing from where to start.

She knew deep in her heart what had just happened, it was just that Lilith's common sense wouldn't let her accept it in the same way that a past Earth human wouldn't be able to easily accept seeing another human ascending to godhood, because while Bai Zemin hadn't become a divine being, his achievement and what he had just obtained were undoubtedly more amazing given the circumstances.

After two or three seconds, Seraphina slightly opened one of her eyes first and upon seeing that everything had returned to normal she opened the other with a snap.

"W- What was that?" she asked in amazement.

Kali kept her face fixed on Bai Zemin and said in a flat voice, "I'm curious too, looks like you got a good thing."

Bai Zemin looked at Kali for several seconds, the expression on his face was unreadable. Finally, after calming his agitated heart a little, he asked in a clear and firm voice: "Kali, is there anything you want? Anything, tell me and I will do whatever is within my power to get it for you. If I can't give it to you now then I will give it to you when I become powerful enough to get it."

The small room fell silent for several seconds before Seraphina looked at Bai Zemin in surprise and began to ask question after question, "Orc? What are you talking about? Besides, what was that flash from before? You know something don't you? Hey!"

Unfortunately for the youngest princess of the Gales Kingdom, Bai Zemin was in no mood to entertain her at the moment, therefore, his focus was entirely on the little doll in the wheelchair.

Kali didn't immediately respond to Bai Zemin's words, she simply 'looked at him' for a few seconds before lowering her head and muttering under her breath, ".... I see. Looks like my explanation about souls helped you a little."

"A little?" Bai Zemin forced a smile and shook his head. He pointed out, "Kali, your skill and your explanation from before might be the gunpowder that was missing for the bullet that could change history to finally be fired.... If the bullet succeeds in reaching its destination, then your name and existence will deserve to be eternally recorded in the books that will be chronicled."

Seraphina was becoming more and more dumbfounded as she stood there, feeling like a fool left out. Ever since Bai Zemin and Kali met the two had been talking about things Seraphina couldn't understand or acting mysteriously, they hadn't even gotten started talking about runes and equipment like it was supposed to be!

Kali said nothing for a full minute and simply sat still in her wheelchair. Because her expression was as unperturbed as ever, figuring out or trying to decipher what she was thinking was basically impossible.

Despite her age, Kali was definitely very intelligent and mature. Not only was she very quiet and calm compared to most girls her age, even surpassing Seraphina who was 1 or 2 years older than her, but Kali was also very cognitive and analytical otherwise she would never have associated the color of the souls with the electromagnetic spectrum and thus completing the colors she was missing.

It was not difficult for Kali to understand that if she was the gunpowder then Bai Zemin was the bullet he was talking about. However, she did not understand how far the depth of his ambition reached or how great his final goal was.

Even so, there was one thing Kali did understand and that was that thanks to her the man her friend brought today had acquired something truly great. If Bai Zemin had not brought up the proposition then Kali would never have asked for something in return for something she was going to do anyway, however, now that the opportunity was in front of her things were different.

"Life has not been kind to me, but I am not complaining as I have learned a valuable lesson." Kali raised her head to look at Bai Zemin's soul and said in a flat voice, "Things like pride are of no use, and stubbornness can take us far or bring us down soon. You seem to be someone proud enough to not want to owe me anything even though I never asked you for anything in return for what I did or said. Additionally, something tells me that if I refuse to request something from you you will continue persisting until I give up, which makes you stubborn. Strangely, it seems to be that your stubbornness will not bring you down soon but will take you far."

Bai Zemin had a somewhat bittersweet smile on his face as he listened to the 14 or 15-year-old girl in front of him reading him like an open book. Kali could already understand him that well without even seeing him, how good would she be if she could open her eyes? No... Maybe she was able to do it this way precisely because she couldn't see what everyone else saw and in return, she was able to see other things that most couldn't or ignored.

"I'm not like you, I can't be bullet because my legs won't take me anywhere. Maybe my destiny is to be gunpowder, to propel the bullet further. Since I can't be bullet and can only be gunpowder, then I can't be stubborn or proud, that's why I will accept your proposal and request something in return for what I inadvertently gave you."

Bai Zemin didn't know why, but for some reason, he felt his heart heavy now that he had heard the words of the young girl in front of him. It was strange, a kind of sadness different from the one he had felt when he had met Luo Ning or Xiang Feng.

"Whatever you want, ask for it." Bai Zemin nodded firmly despite the fact that the young girl in front of him was not able to see it. His voice was extremely serious as he reaffirmed his previous words, "Whatever you want, no matter how crazy you think it sounds, just ask for it and I'll give it to you."

Kali kept her eyes closed but he felt as if she was looking at him. She looked at him intently for almost a full minute before finally making her request.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3