Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 847 Weapon upgrade

Since it was impossible for Kali to continue talking about the third object in Bai Zemin's soul not only because of her lack of knowledge about it but also because she did not wish to reveal one of his secrets, what she did was to move on to the initial topic for which Seraphina had brought him to her house and that if it were not for his soul would have been the main topic as well as probably the only one they would have talked about if there was any conversation at all.

"Bai Zemin, do you want me to draw runes for you?" Kali held out her delicate hand and with a gesture asked him to come closer.

He obeyed like a good boy and stared in confusion as the little girl's small hand traced the lines of his armor.

"The person who drew these runes is definitely very talented." She murmured in a flat voice. "If he or she has really only been evolving for about seven months then his or her achievement in rune encryption will be monstrous in the future.... However, the blacksmith is also something else.... The world you come from is really full of surprises, isn't it? Looks like it won't be boring."

Bai Zemin subconsciously felt proud of his younger sister and said with a faint smile, "My little sister was the one who drew the runes and it was me who forged every piece of equipment on my body."

"Looks like the whole Bai family is talented then?" Seraphina was a bit at a loss for words. She was currently sitting on one of the two small armchairs as her legs felt weak as a result of all the shocks she had received in such a short time.

Bai Zemin simply chuckled without commenting on it. Even though his mother was just a weak soul evolver who wanted nothing more than to be a good housewife and keep everything comfortable for her family, that would change as soon as he returned and had some free time.

"Even though these runes aren't as good as the ones I can encrypt, they're actually not that bad when you look at all the equipment as a single set," Kali said suddenly, interrupting the conversation that had just ended.

She sat with her back straight against the back of her wheelchair and asked, "Do you want me to remove those runes for you and draw others? I can do that if you ask me to, although it will take me three days to finish the whole job."

After considering for a moment, Bai Zemin shook his head and partially refused.

"Kali, I will keep my equipment like this for now. However, I would like to ask for your help to help me draw runes on my weapon." He said.

Just like Kali had said, the runes that Meng Qi had drawn for him might not be of the best quality, but when each piece of equipment was put together they formed a truly impressive set in Bai Zemin's eyes. Considering that he had barely lost any mobility despite wearing a full set of plate armor, the value of this equipment was too high for Bai Zemin to be willing to separate himself from it.

In video game terms, Bai Zemin was practically a monster with the defense of a tank, the strength of a physical warrior, the ghostly agility of an assassin, and the magic power of a mage; he also did not lack the options to perform ranged physical attacks to match an archer!

Except for self-healing, Bai Zemin literally was a practically perfect combination of every possible combat style.

"Let me see your weapon first." Kali nodded without questioning his choice too much.

Bai Zemin looked at the surroundings and hesitated a bit.

If he pulled out his Crimson Thunder Dragon's Last Words here, wouldn't this house end up collapsing? His greatsword weighed over 6 tons and the magic power surrounding it was not small considering that a Second Order Soul Stone powered its core!

Just as that question was going through his head, Bai Zemin laughed at himself as he remembered that the owner of this house was the little porcelain doll in front of him, a little monster packed with talent and mysteries.

"Ok." Bai Zemin nodded and took a step back before extending his hand forward.

His spatial storage ring faintly glowed and an instant later the muscles in his right arm swelled as he felt the sudden large increase in weight.

The interior of the small room immediately became slightly noisy and bright as red lightning flashed around the blade of the sword stopping just below the guard.

Seraphina looked at Bai Zemin's greatsword with surprise even though she had already seen it several times while they were in the northeast fighting other kingdoms. She still could not understand how an existence that had been evolving for a little over half a year not only possessed such a senseless combat ability but was even capable of forging armaments comparable to her father's spear.

The existence of Bai Zemin was an unsolved mystery even when he stood in front of her for her to see, it was as if what Seraphina was seeing was nothing more than the outer shell of the apple.

Even Kali was a bit surprised when she held out her hand and the records of the weapon flashed for her.

"This weapon is very good, it's even better than Seraphina's Spirit Scepter." She said in an emotionless voice.

The fact that Bai Zemin's weapon was better than the weapon of an important princess like Seraphina spoke enough, but the fact that this weapon was forged by himself and with so little time hammering added many more details capable of driving anyone crazy.

Bai Zemin looked at his precious sidekick with appreciation as he said slightly proudly: "This greatsword is my pride as a blacksmith. Although I now have better materials than before, I am not confident in my ability to forge a better weapon than this one in a short period of time."

Kali nodded, "Materials are certainly of utmost importance but one's skill is as well. Furthermore, sometimes miracles can happen when the smith is enlightened during the forging process so that even using poor quality materials a piece worthy of appreciation could be born. I guess you were lucky."

To Kali's surprise, Bai Zemin actually nodded, "Indeed, I was very lucky back then."

"... That's a bit surprising." She said though her words again did not reflect in her expression.

"What's that?" He looked at her in confusion.

"I thought you were too proud to admit your luck... But I'm glad it was a misinterpretation of you on my part, now I feel more assured to follow you." Kali said calmly.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"I am proud but I am not blinded by my pride," Bai Zemin shrugged his shoulders and said casually, "If I was lucky then I was lucky, the truth does not offend me and lying to myself is meaningless since deep in my heart I will know that I am lying to myself."

When he said those words, for a small fraction of a second, Bai Zemin thought he saw the corner of Kali's lips lift slightly in a faint smile. However, he wasn't too sure as when he looked again and in less than a blink of time the expression on her face reflected no emotions at all.

"Very well, I'll take care of your weapon." She said with a slight nod, "Tell me what kind of runes you want me to draw for you."

"This..." Bai Zemin blinked and scratched his head a little embarrassed, "Kali, I'm afraid I don't know anything about runes... not even a little bit about it. Could you be a little sharper?"

"Physical attack runes, physical defense runes, boost runes, attack speed runes, magical attack runes, magical defense runes, cooldown runes, curse runes, holy runes, reduction runes, suppression runes..." Kali named at least fifty types of runes before stopping. She kept her face fixed on him and said calmly, "I can draw any rune, any rune you want."

"This..."

Bai Zemin was really lost in the field of magical runes. He had tried to learn in the past but it seemed that his talent was really pitiful in this field, even when Meng Qi tried to help him it was all a waste of time because Bai Zemin simply wasn't able to learn even three continuous traces.

After a moment of silence, his expression became serious and he asked, "Kali, what runes do you suggest? I don't know much about this, I think you will be able to bring out the full potential from it so I prefer to leave it in your hands."

Kali nodded indifferently and asked calmly, "In that case, could you tell me what your class is called first? I have an idea of your combat style after seeing the Options of your equipment and figuring out the type of weapon you chose as your primary, but just to be sure."

"Blood Berserker." Bai Zemin revealed it without bothering to hide it.

"Basically, you're battle-crazed. As expected of an orc." Seraphina said from the side.

Bai Zemin gave her a sidelong glance before turning to look at Kali, "Ponytails, you're asking for it."

Seraphina secretly stuck her tongue out at him before chuckling to herself.

Kali nodded again and continued, "What about your second class?"

"... I'm still in the First Order."

"..." Kali was silent before she nodded slightly, ".... Right, I had forgotten that Seraphina had told me about it earlier. You really are an anomaly, Bullet."

"... Thank you, Powder." Bai Zemin didn't know if he was being praised or not at this point.

"In that case, what is the class you chose for your Second Order?" She rephrased her previous question and explained why: "Surely you must not be far from entering the Second Order, therefore, I want to make sure I choose the right runes not only for today but also for tomorrow. My runes are different from your younger sister's, they cannot be removed once drawn. That's why we better make sure we don't make a weapon that needs to be thrown in the trash tomorrow."

"Makes sense." Bai Zemin nodded and subconsciously glanced at Lilith out of the corner of his eye in search of her opinion.

"Tell her." Lilith nodded after a moment's hesitation.

Bai Zemin looked at Kali and said in a serious voice, "Blood Mystic."

"Mystic?" Seraphina jumped to her feet and said dumbfounded, "Aren't mystics a type of mage too? But, you're a warrior aren't you?"

A warrior and a mage were like sand and snow; completely different in every way.

The only person Seraphina had ever seen in her life use a bit of magic despite being a warrior was her older sister Ellis, the first princess of Gales. However, this was because Ellis' class was literally Magic Warrior.

As for the Blood Mystic job.... Other than the word blood there didn't seem to be anything to associate it with the Blood Berserker job.

"Did you forget how I killed the demons that day?" Bai Zemin pointed out. "My magic is no weaker than my physical strength, that's why my second job will be Blood Mystic."

Remembering how the demons exploded into a blood mist and those crimson chains that restricted the movements of the Third Order demons, Seraphina realized that subconsciously she had been suppressing Bai Zemin's real power. She did this so as not to feel that the distance between the two was as colossal as it really was, but now that reality had hit her, she subconsciously clenched her fists realizing that she needed to work much, much harder or she would be left behind with no possibility of any way for her to make a comeback ever.

As a princess and as one of the brightest talents in the history of her world, Seraphina was naturally an existence that had its own pride; a very big one at that. Therefore, she felt that she could not lose too much to the one who could perhaps be her future husband someday.

"Destructive mage and destructive warrior then."

Kali's voice drew the duo's attention again.

She focused on Bai Zemin and said confidently, "Leave me your weapon and come back in two days, I'll see what I can do."

Although she said she was going to see what she could do, the confidence in her usually monotone voice told Bai Zemin that two days later he would undoubtedly receive a big surprise.

Before leaving, Bai Zemin lent Kali his worktable and chisel as they were of better quality than the ones Seraphina had given her even if those were from the castle. However, just as Bai Zemin was leaving the small dark room in which Kali worked, her voice sounded behind him.

"Bullet, do you have a Third Order Soul Stone?"

"What?" Bai Zemin looked at her in shock as he turned around.

Sitting in her wheelchair in front of the work table, she 'looked' at him and said slowly, "I will upgrade the magic power core in the process.... This will be my greatest creation to this day, I'm sure of it."

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3