Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 849 Soul Record's reasons:The Golden Domain & The Path of thelmmortal

3 am.

The two suns of Eventide World, one yellow and the other fiery red, hovered in the sky covered by a seemingly impregnable black layer. The mana clouds were no longer as dense as before since a good part of them had disappeared after the world absorbed them to strengthen its laws, however, the purple lightning still crackled fiercely and the mana tornadoes connecting the skies with the earth were still as dangerous as ever.

Occasionally, the sound of explosions caused by one or several attacks together would pierce Bearcrest City's energy shields and reach the ears of the citizens sleeping comfortably in their homes while the army's soul evolvers battled the out-of-control enemies.

However, the only sound that could be heard in the magnificent castle of the royal family was the purple lightning that broke out from time to time high in the sky.

Bai Zemin looked at the beautiful woman sleeping beside him with a tenderness that probably only she had seen on his face.

He knew Lilith's senses were sharp, therefore, he did his best not to move and instead focused on the fifth message of the Soul Record, that message he read in the middle of the day and which had drained all his will to stay awake for the rest of the day.

[Many years ago, this plane and all the secondary planes parallel to it were one with a different plane where the laws are many times higher; this single plane in existence was known by the name of The Golden Domain. Due to a conflict between the most powerful beings of The Golden Domain, countless powerhouses died and most of the earth disappeared without a trace after being swallowed by a huge spatial crack caused by powerful attacks. Those lands that broke away from The Golden Domain and disappeared without a trace are precisely the multiverses over which the Soul Record has control, the main and largest universe being the one where you were born.]

An involuntary sigh left Bai Zemin's lips as he read this far. The message was really long, he had only reached the third part of the whole message at the most but he didn't want to continue even though he had read it once during the day.

Even though it was only a sigh, Lilith's thin and delicate brows furrowed as if she could feel his burdens while sleeping.

Bai Zemin caressed her hair lovingly for a full minute, finally making that frown disappear from the innocent face of the beauty beside him.

[Countless eras of silence passed. However, all peace must come to an end someday, and that is what happened when the powers of The Golden Domain found this place. Using the living beings of this lower plane as training grounds and taking back the treasures that in the past were The Golden Domain's wealth, they all became cattle; it was then when the Soul Record decided to push all living beings onto the path of evolution, to avoid destruction and major suffering.]

To avoid further suffering in the long run and the destruction.... Now that Bai Zemin had learned the reasons why the Soul Record did what it did, he realized that in reality, no one, no existence had the qualifications to blame it for its actions; regardless of whether the Soul Record was a living being or was just a thing capable of making decisions.

While it was true that countless lost their lives due to the mana and Soul Power that could be absorbed at the cost of another living being's life, this was the only way the Soul Record could build a force powerful enough to fight the beings of The Golden Domain.

What the Soul Record wanted to accomplish was to use the lives of the weak to foster the strong. Only the strongest could be used as shields and swords to fight against terrifying existences while the weaker ones would be killed without the existence of those shields and swords anyway.

Was what the Soul Record was doing an honorable act? No, of course it was not.

No matter how one put it, the fact that an unspeakable number of families had been destroyed was impossible to deny as well as the fact that even more tears were shed due to the suffering and pain that each apocalypse triggered.

However, was what the Soul Record was doing an evil act? At least in the eyes of Bai Zemin, who so far at least had not lost a loved one, it was not.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

------------

[The path used by the powers of The Golden Domain is getting bigger and bigger, which allows a greater number of enemies to reach this plane and at the same time those enemies are getting more and more powerful. You have received the optional quest 'The Path of the Immortal']

[The Path of the Immortal: Turn at least 50% of your Mana into Spiritual Power as you increase your knowledge and control over your soul at the same time that you rise above all living beings in the multiverse -]

[Reward for success: You will be allowed access to 'Enigma World']

[If you fail, the chances of 70% of the life in your universe disappearing are absolute]

[Time limit: 6 years.]

[The Soul Record wishes you luck and silently supports you from the darkness.]

------------

Bai Zemin smiled bitterly and shook his head. Another involuntary sigh slipped from his lips as the green letters disappeared and he stared with a helpless expression at the chandelier hanging from the ceiling.

The Soul Record was asking him to become the most powerful being in the universe in only 6 years.... Counting Bai Zemin's evolution time so far, that would be the same as asking a level 0 human to become the most powerful being in the multiverse in approximately 6 years and 7 months.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3