Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 851 Blood Dragon Bringer of Doom

"She's quite impressive, isn't she?" whispered Seraphina under her breath close to Bai Zemin as she kept her eyes fixed on Kali's hand movements.

Bai Zemin subconsciously nodded as he watched the girl's movements from no more than two and a half meters away. He did not dare to make a single sound or move as if he feared to bring Kali out of the state of concentration she seemed to be in.

He had seen Meng Qi working on encrypting runes for later binding and creation of magic circles, but seeing Kali was completely different even though the two were doing the same task.

Bai Zemin knew that comparing Meng Qi to Kali was not smart at all, after all, Meng Qi had just started studying magic runes so it was already a miracle that she could draw considerably powerful runes even though she had not been learning for more than two months. However, Kali was two years younger than Meng Qi, suffered a severe amnesia, and to top it off was unable to open her eyes.

Meng Qi's movements were clumsy for obvious reasons and every stroke she made was slow and careful for fear of ruining it all.

On the other hand, Kali was like an experienced pianist, her hands came and went at lightning speed tracing rune after rune. She seemed careless as if she was not at all afraid of ruining it, however, that careless attitude of hers was backed by obvious confidence that added elegance to the movements of her delicate arms every time the chisel danced in front of her at the command of her fingers.

The room was almost completely dark as the clearly anything but normal curtains denied any light from entering and the walls took care to keep any noise from outside on the exterior. However, Bai Zemin noticed that every time Kali moved the chisel, there were bright golden sparkles coming from the tip and circling around her like tiny fireflies before falling delicately onto the huge sword, slowly sinking into it before finally dimming and ending up as a small rune that looked mysterious and archaic.

"I've seen Kali working before as she drew runes on my equipment, but no matter how many times I look at her I can't help but admit that she really is amazing while encrypting," Seraphina whispered once more.

Bai Zemin nodded again. Even though this was the first time he had seen Kali encrypting runes, he was sure that he most likely wouldn't get bored watching her do the same process over and over again for hours.

Even Lilith admitted in her heart that the little porcelain doll in front of her was really stunning. However, something that puzzled her a lot was the fact that to her surprise, Kali's movements were even more fluid and free of awkwardness than the best encryptor of the Demonic Army. While this was not to say that Kali was capable of encrypting better runes than the Demonic Army's top encryptor, her talent was definitely being proven by those movements.

Neither Seraphina nor Bai Zemin realized how long they had been standing, however, the two of them had been in awe for over a full hour.

"Done."

Kali's voice was no more than a delicate whisper that contained a certain pride in its usually monotone and emotionless tone.

At the same time as the red-colored Soul Stone glowed faintly, a flash of deep blood-red lightning shot out and began to crackle noisily around the blade. It was at that moment that Kali received the message she had been waiting for.

[´Blood Dragon Bringer of Doom' had been completed.]

Her pale, slightly dry lips curved slightly and she nodded to herself as if satisfied with the name of her creation.

When she turned to look at the two not-so-newcomers, her expression had returned to normal.

"Bullet, Seraphina, you two are here." She said as if she didn't know when they had arrived and as if she couldn't see the soul of another invisible person next to the two.

Seraphina nodded, still stunned by the wonderful play she had just seen.​

As for Bai Zemin, his eyes were fixed on the huge sword on the worktable and he couldn't move them away from it.

"You can have it, it's done," Kali said at the same time as she pressed a small button on the armrest of her wheelchair with her right hand, causing it to move backward.

Bai Zemin's legs seemed enchanted by something as they moved on their own. He stopped in front of the worktable and looked carefully at his now upgraded most loyal battle partner.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

To say that except for the shape and size his entire greatsword had undergone transcendental changes that had turned it into something completely different was not an exaggeration at all. Bai Zemin did not know that a rune encryptor could do such a thing.

The greatsword was about two meters long and the width of the blade was more than 40 centimeters at least. The normal metallic color had been replaced by a strange dark red color that Bai Zemin did not know where it had come from while the hilt was jet black with dark gold engravings extending from the tip of the hilt to the tip of the blade at the opposite end.

Even without touching it, Bai Zemin could feel a terrifying amount of power coming from the weapon in front of him. His Crimson Thunder Dragon's Last Words was undoubtedly powerful, but its upgraded version was definitely way more terrifying.

When Bai Zemin touched the hilt and the records flashed in his pupils, the first thing that caught his attention was naturally the name.

If the name was already this ominous....

Seeing Bai Zemin gasp, both Lilith and Seraphina became curious so the two of them reached over and touched the weapon, one of them unaware of the other's existence.

"Ah!" Seraphina cried out in fright and quickly removed her hand while backing away as if she was moving away from the devil itself.

"Th-That!" She looked at the greatsword before looking at Kali with wide eyes, "Kali, you!"

Kali didn't pay much attention to Seraphina's angry shout but 'looked' at Bai Zemin who seemed to be in a daze with his new weapon.

"Your fighting style is destructive and domineering, based on what you told me two days ago I assumed that your goal is to finish all fights in the shortest time possible. Am I correct?" She said in an emotionless voice.

Bai Zemin snapped out of his daze and looked at her, subconsciously nodding at her question, "Y- Yeah..."

Kali's expression didn't change nor did the tone of her voice as she said in a clear voice, "Then that sword should be the perfect weapon for you."

Lilith looked at Kali with a weird expression on her face, silently pulling her hand back as she didn't want to touch the weapon for too long either. She said in a serious voice, "This little girl.... Despite looking like a little angel she can actually be quite cruel."

Kali held her face high in Bai Zemin's direction, her voice sounded inside the room along with the blood-colored lightning.

"With that Blood Dragon Bringer of Doom, there are only two choices for you; either defeat your enemy quickly... or you die."

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3