Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 852 Failure & Birth of a new Treasure

The runes Kali had encrypted on his weapon were a mystery to Bai Zemin. However, when he saw the Options on his weapon now renamed to 'Blood Dragon Bringer of Doom' after its upgrade all Bai Zemin felt was chills.

If his Thunder Crimson Dragon Last's Words was a greatsword worthy of its name since most enemies were always killed when it was unsheathed, then the new Blood Dragon Bringer of Doom was a greatsword worthy of its name; Bai Zemin simply could not think of how anyone could stop that metal monster.

However, as Kali had just said, it wasn't all shiny and colorful.

Blood Dragon Bringer of Doom was a weapon that not only meant doom for the enemy but also for the wielder. Even then, Bai Zemin did not flinch when he heard the words of the little porcelain doll in front of him.

He took a deep breath and nodded deeply: "Indeed, you are right, Kali. You just created the perfect weapon for my fighting style."

To Bai Zemin and Seraphina's surprise, Kali smiled slightly. She didn't try to hide her smile this time and nodded in satisfaction, "I know, it took me 24 hours to plan the combination of runes I would use on your weapon and it was after very careful planning through analyzing all the information you gave me about you that I started working on this Blood Dragon Bringer of Doom."

Kali's words took Bai Zemin by surprise. He subconsciously looked back at his weapon still on the worktable and saw that practically the entire body of the greatsword was covered with runes.

"You only used one day to draw all these runes?" he asked in surprise.

Although Bai Zemin's knowledge of runes was almost nil, what was clear to him was that even the simplest rune of all had at least several hundreds of records composing it; as for the high-quality runes... those runes probably had tens of thousands of records.

"I changed the core of the greatsword's magic power within that time as well." Kali pointed out as if to remind him that she had done more than draw magic circles.

Bai Zemin sighed for the second time in less than a minute. He looked at the girl in front of him with an extremely complicated expression on his face.

Kali had only requested him to take her along with him during his travels in exchange for him not feeling indebted for the information and analysis she had shared with him regarding her study of souls. However, Kali's request was like nothing in Bai Zemin's eyes; in fact, she was doing him a favor by asking him to keep her by his side.

Now, Kali had not only helped him obtain the skill Soul Manipulation but had also practically tripled the total power of his main weapon.... Bai Zemin owed her too much.

The two had only met twice but she had already helped him tremendously each time.

After hesitating for a moment, Bai Zemin turned his right hand and soon a small crystal bottle appeared. Inside the small glass bottle were only two drops of bright golden liquid.

"What is that?" asked Seraphina curious as Bai Zemin was holding that bottle as if it was a great treasure even though it was practically empty.

"This is a Rank 3 magic potion, not created by humans or any other race but it comes from the Soul Record." Bai Zemin said calmly as he looked at the two small golden drops inside the crystal bottle.

These two drops were all that Bai Zemin had left for himself while the rest had been left on Earth and was being studied intensely by his team in search of at least being able to replicate the effects as closely as possible using different herbs. Bai Zemin had kept these two drops and planned to use them only in times of extreme crisis as they were too valuable to him. However, these two drops were useless now that his Stamina had broken beyond 1000 points due to the many different upgrades he received even without leveling up.

"What?!" Seraphina jumped up and looked at the small bottle in Bai Zemin's hands in shock: "That's a Soul Record potion?! Dear goodness!"

Potions created by humans and potions that came directly from the Soul Record were completely different. For example, humans could create potions that helped recover from physical wounds or that increased natural regeneration by a certain percentage, however, Soul Record potions were like magic because they had an immediate effect.

The two drops of Instant Recovery Potion inside the small glass bottle in Bai Zemin's hands were very precious.

Suddenly and as if realizing something, Seraphina looked at Kali with sparkling eyes, "Don't tell me that potion might be able to help Kali with her condition?"

Bai Zemin looked at Kali, but she had no visible reaction whatsoever to Seraphina's words and only kept her face fixed in his direction as if patiently waiting for his words.

He explained, "These are two drops of an instant regeneration potion. Back then, Bing Xue... My second-in-command was on the verge of death after fighting against an air-type mutant beast far above her level and Order, yet half of the total potion healed the wound on her chest that was deep enough to reveal the heart and even eliminated all the acid that had entered her body when she was causing wounds to the flying beast."

Seraphina listened to the story in amazement. Literally, having such a potion was no different from having a second life waiting to be used by you!

Bai Zemin looked at Kali and asked, "Kali, your Health stat doesn't exceed 1000 points, right?"

She gently shook her head, "I'm only level 35."

"I see, that's perfect then." Bai Zemin nodded and approached her as he uncapped the bottle, "Even though it's two drops, your level is lower than my second in command at that time and so are your stats. Besides, you are not mortally wounded so maybe these drops will be enough to heal you.... Even if it's only partially it will be a great victory to us."

The sweet smell of the potion filled the small room as soon as Bai Zemin opened the cover. Kali remained motionless for a few seconds before tilting her head back. When her face pointed to the ceiling of the house, she opened her little mouth and waited.

"This girl is either too naive or too smart? She really is a mystery to be someone so young." Lilith watched as Kali let Bai Zemin feed her an unknown liquid without asking questions or hesitation with a puzzled expression.

She had only met Bai Zemin two times and the time they talked in total definitely did not exceed 60 minutes, however, Kali was allowing herself to drink a mysterious potion that he pulled out from somewhere.

After giving the two drops to Kali, Bai Zemin casually put the bottle back into his storage ring and asked slightly anxiously, "Kali? How is it?"

She opened and closed her mouth repeatedly as if to make sure she swallowed all the liquid properly without leaving a trace. After a few seconds, she said in a careless voice, "I felt a warm current nourishing my whole body, but other than me feeling my legs for less than a flicker of time there is nothing different."

Bai Zemin's expression turned ugly upon hearing that the result had been a resounding failure. He immediately regretted taking out the potion, because of the failure it was very probable that Kali would now feel terrible about having her hopes shattered.

Even Lilith frowned sharply.

"That's weird." She said in confusion, "Even if it was only two drops, that potion should have been able to put this girl on her feet in an instant considering that even Third Order soul evolvers would be healed immediately. This Kali girl probably has around 50 or 60 Stamina points at most but a potion capable of affecting soul evolvers with up to 1000 points did nothing to her? What kind of strange disease is this?"RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"No need to worry too much," Kali said without any change in her voice or expression. She seemed to know what Bai Zemin was thinking so she pointed out, "For as long as I can remember, although it is not a long time, I have always been this way... and a person who does not know what it feels like to walk or see cannot feel sadness in the same way that a person who does not know the taste of a food is not able to decide whether they find it delicious or not."

Despite her age, Kali was very smart. She knew what to say and what examples to give so that her words would have the effect she wanted them to have.

"Besides, didn't you say that soon our names would be known far and wide across the universe?" Kali pointed out.

"Y- Yeah... Less than ten years, absolutely." Bai Zemin nodded slowly and looked at her in confusion.

"In that case, less to worry about," She said. "Eventually you will find a way or have the power to cure me, waiting a few years is nothing for us soul evolvers capable of increasing our life expectancy to centuries and even millennia."

"R- Right..." Bai Zemin nodded this time more firmly than before as he realized that what Kali was saying was true.

He had to become a being capable of putting everyone under his feet in less than 6 years or at least 70% of life in the universe would be wiped out with the arrival of the enemies coming from The Golden Domain; which meant there was a 70% likelihood that he and his loved ones would perish. Bai Zemin refused to believe that as the most powerful being in history he would not possess the ability to heal a young girl.

"I will definitely make you able to walk on your own two feet and see the world with your own eyes." He said with conviction. "I owe you a lot, let me repay you at least little by little."

Putting aside the precious weapon she had crafted for him, the knowledge of souls Kali had imparted to Bai Zemin and her analysis of the electromagnetic spectrum was priceless; there was no wealth or honor capable of repaying what the 15 years old girl had done for him.

"I trust you and trust that it will be the case, Bullet," Kali replied in a monotone voice and nodded in his direction.

Bai Zemin chuckled. He fingered his new weapon and put it away in his storage ring without even trying to pick it up as he said now feeling better, "The more powerful the powder the stronger the shot and the farther the bullet will go."

* * *

Two weeks later.

"Here it is! here it is! HERE IT IS! The time has finally come PAHAHAHA!"

Standing on the north wall of Bearcrest City, the orc king Zilug laughed thunderously as his 70-meter tall body looked off into the distance with delight and excitement.

"The records didn't lie after all." The snake queen Mei Lin in her human form laughed charmingly as she used her bright golden eyes to look up at the sky with an excited expression, "I was starting to get worried and impatient."

The purple-colored lightning flashes had merged into a single point in the sky and were crackling fiercely while more than two dozen mana tornadoes had risen into the sky and turned into giant eyes that swirled around the lightning flashes. As the lightning flashes joined together in the form of a giant sphere, the noise caused by the constant crackling was becoming so overwhelming that the city's energy shields were automatically activated to protect the citizens.

Bai Zemin's face was slightly pale as he watched the terrifying phenomenon definitely not natural at all.

He was sure that although the phenomenon was visible from his place, it was actually thousands and thousands of kilometers distant. However, even from that distance, Bai Zemin could sense the terrifying destructive power that was gathering and growing in the center of the giant mana eyes.

"So this is how a completely new treasure is born...?" Lilith murmured in amazement as she looked up at the sky with surprise in her pretty ruby eyes.

This was the first time she had witnessed something like that, after all, she was less than 1 century old and her time as a Higher Existence barely touched the decade so there were many things she had yet to experience, see, or know.

"Natural treasure... Even if it's just a small possibility that it's a Legend grade treasure I can't miss it." Bai Zemin whispered in a voice that only he could hear as he clenched his fists tightly and looked into the distance resolutely.

The Endless Blue Lotus Flame that had formed a Soul Contract with Bai Zemin was a natural treasure that over the years had become a God-grade treasure after absorbing countless records and Soul Power. Now, there was a natural treasure being born right in front of his eyes, therefore, Bai Zemin was definitely going to do his best to obtain it.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3