Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chatper 853 Dungeon (Part 1)

The constant crackling of lightning gathering at a single point high in the distant sky was becoming more and more ferocious.

The tornadoes of mana that had gathered around the huge globe of ever-growing lightning were spinning and devouring the surrounding mana with such tremendous speed that those plants that needed the mana to survive were rapidly dying after losing the food that kept them alive.

"This is the first time I've ever seen a natural treasure being born," Ellis said in awe as she stared off into the distance with glittering eyes.

"Hahahaha!" Zilug burst out laughing after hearing Ellis' words. "Child, you are just a baby in the eyes of old men like your father and me but even centuries old people like us have never seen a natural treasure being born, there is nothing to be surprised about!"

"The last time a natural treasure was born was when our world broke from the first evolutionary stage to the second stage, at least that's what is said and what the books record." Added King Philip in a serious voice. "That also means that none of us know what will happen from this point on, we are all in the same boat from now on regardless of age."

As the power of the lightning became more and more powerful and the mana focused together with the records in a single point, everyone's expression began to change slightly as the minutes went by.

After about 40 minutes, Lilith touched Bai Zemin's shoulder gently and without taking her eyes off the distant unnatural phenomenon said in a perplexed voice: "Say, Zemin.... That thing isn't going to explode...right?... or is it?"

Explode? Bai Zemin was surprised and his eyes widened in shock as he looked up at the sky with a hint of fear.

If all that energy was released all at once then the shockwave would probably shake the entire world!

"Everyone, raise the strongest barrier you have and hold it steady!" Bai Zemin shouted as he pulled his hands forward, "Blood Wall!"

Rumble...

Under the confused and shocked eyes of everyone present, the earth split as a huge crimson-colored wall with golden tints broke from the deep ground and rose in a matter of seconds over 400 meters high only 200 meters distant from the city wall.

"Zemin?"

"Orc?"

"Bai Zemin?"

"Boy?"

...

Everyone turned to look at Bai Zemin who had suddenly made such a strange move, but seeing how serious his face was no one dared to underestimate his motives. Especially for those who had seen or tasted Bai Zemin's power first hand; to get even a soul evolver like him to become this serious, then the matter at hand was definitely no joke!

Indeed, even before Bai Zemin had a chance to explain what was going on, the sky began to rumble and the huge globe of purple lightning began to shrink rapidly after swallowing up all the lightning streaking through the now non-existent mana clouds.

"Raise barriers, hurry!" he shouted urgently. "If that thing explodes then the citizens behind us will die!"

The expressions on everyone's faces changed but the ones whose faces changed the most drastically were naturally people like King Philip, Seraphina, Ellis, Liam, Anna, and all the soul evolvers who were fighting and watching over the safety of the Gales Kingdom.

King Philip looked at the people standing on the wall and anxiously shouted, "All those with magical skills capable of reinforcing a barrier or raising one, activate your strongest skills!"

"Bright Light Barrier!"

"Earthly Protection!"

"Unbreakable Defense Dome!"

"Long Lasting Stiffener!"

...

Although the soul evolvers were forced to spend much more mana as it was harder for them to control the mana now many times purer than before but at the same time wilder, dozens of magical skills intended for protection or reinforcement of a firm structure were activated practically at the same time.

The blood wall that Bai Zemin had erected was over 400 meters high and stretched over 40 kilometers. Since he only erected a wall and did not need to control anything, performing such a feat was no longer something difficult for him, and thanks to the fact that his Blood Manipulation skill did not consume Mana to control the movement of the blood, Bai Zemin only had to spend Mana to harden the already existing blood. His reserve was still large.

In addition to Bai Zemin's blood wall, other large-sized skills were displayed as large earthen walls, thick light barriers, glowing golden colored energy shields, etc. appeared.Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Mei Lin and Zilug exchanged glances before shrugging their shoulders and moving.

Zilug moved forward and stomped the ground in front of him with his right foot.

"Jade Land!"

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!...

Under the astonished eyes of everyone, the ground before their eyes suddenly changed in color and in a matter of seconds the entire ground more than 10 kilometers in front of Zilug had turned into pure, bright jade.

"Hah!" Zilug roared as he kicked ferociously forward without holding back at all.

BOOOOM!!!

BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG!!!!!

BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG!!!!!

...

The jade land was not completely destroyed by Zilug's kick and stomp but soared skyward like a great sea tsunami, soon turning into a large and sturdy-looking shield.

At the same time, Mei Lin's body glowed and in less than 5 seconds her seductive silhouette from before was replaced by a giant snake that was about 800 meters long and as thick as a building.

Her snake head looked to the north and her golden eyes glowed brightly. She opened her mouth and her melodious voice spread far and wide along with the ever-stronger mist escaping from inside it.

"Frost Blast!"

SWOOOOOOOSH!!!!

A huge beam of light shot out from Mei Lin's giant mouth and in an instant struck the blood shield that Bai Zemin had erected as well as the huge jade wall erected by Zilug.

Mei Lin moved her head from the left to the right slowly and the beam of bright light followed that movement. The frost energy escaping from her body was so great that all the surroundings froze and even the city wall gained an extra layer of frost.

In less than 20 seconds, both the giant blood wall and the huge, sturdy jade wall had been covered by a heavy layer of ice.

Bai Zemin watched in amazement as slowly the beam of bright light that turned out to be a frost beam slowly became thinner until it finally disappeared. Seeing Mei Lin's giant body cast a bright beam was not something that could be seen every day! It had been no different from seeing a legendary dragon cast its mighty breath!

"Really, this kind of thing is too draining." Zilug shook his head and groaned.

His body had shrunk from 70 meters to 60 meters after he turned the ground into jade, it would probably take him at least a whole day to get back to full strength.

Mei Lin's giant body glowed and seconds later she returned to her diminutive human form compared to her previous 800 meter length.

"Indeed, who would have thought that I would use such a strong attack skill as a means of defense someday." Mei Lin sighed, the glint in her eyes was slightly dim probably due to the excessive consumption of Mana in the midst of these circumstances where controlling mana was far from easy.

"Everyone, here it comes!"

No one had time to say anything else when Bai Zemin suddenly roared loudly and began to expend his Mana like crazy.

At the same time as the blood wall began to glow brightly even within the thick layer of frost, the globe of purple lightning began to grow after having contracted to the minimum possible and in just an instant became a third sun high in the still jet black sky.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!

BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG!!!!!

Like something out of a fantasy movie, the jet black color that had covered the sky of Eventide World for almost an entire month was swept away when the huge sun of purple lightning exploded.

The explosion was so powerful that it was heard from the far corners of the world. The sky was dyed purple in its entirety and the earth shook fiercely as the shockwave dragged colossal amounts of mana through every crevice of Eventide World.

At the same time that the mana carried by the shockwave fed the inanimate beings such as trees, rocks, earth, and many others, the shockwave traveled at unmeasurable speeds turning into flesh paste and subsequent bloody mist the bodies of all existences below level 20 that failed to take shelter in time.

In just 10 seconds from the time that the shockwave hit the ground and then spread out in all directions in a perfectly circular shape, more than five million lives disappeared forever and their records remained floating at the site of their deaths.

* * * * * * *

A/N: Guys, for the next 3 days it is possible that there will be only 1 chapter a day. However, don't worry because I plan to do a mass release on the 25th of this month. I hope you understand and look forward to the chapter release on the 25th of this month, I promise not to disappoint you and I'm working hard for it.

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3