Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 854 Dungeon (Part 2/2)

As the trees grew or shrank after reaching the peak, compressing themselves into more durable and precious inanimate existences, the laws of the world absorbed most of the mana and were strengthened enormously to the point that if a human from the past Earth were put into Eventide World they would die on the spot with their bones completely crushed as a result of the terrifying gravity.

The world was benefiting as were the inanimate beings incapable of harming it, however, the living beings capable of causing harm and destruction with their actions were the ones who far from benefiting were experiencing the meaning of the word terror.

The wrath of the world seemed to make itself felt.

BOOOM!!! BOOOM!!! BOOOM!!! BOOOM!!! BOOOM!!! BOOOM!!!

BOOOM!!! BOOOM!!! BOOOM!!! BOOOM!!! BOOOM!!! BOOOM!!!

...

No matter if it was a large main city or a small town, no matter if it was a human kingdom or if it was in the territory of demons, no matter if it was an intelligent plant or orcs living in society; all the structures shook fiercely as the massive walls received the vicious blow of the unstoppable shockwave head-on.

Regardless of race, no one knew how much destruction the shockwave had caused. However, no one had time to worry about the damage caused by the resulting explosion in the sky as every living thing with sufficient capacity in the world was doing its best to do its little bit in a desperate attempt to survive and not become part of that damage.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!....

Barrier after barrier was shattered and the soul evolvers standing on the wall of Bearcrest City were slightly pushed back as their skills were destroyed by the shockwave.

In less than 1 minute, there were only a handful of defenses struggling to contain the persistent shockwave.

The face of Seraphina was pale as she pointed her magic staff forward. Her Bright Light Barrier skill was one of the few skills still standing, but the number of cracks on the surface of the barrier was continuously increasing.

Finally, Seraphina could resist no longer, and at the same time as the barrier in which she had invested 80% of her Mana was shattered, she was forced to retreat several steps with a pained expression on her pretty face.

"Ugh..." Ellis grunted under her breath and her feet were pushed back.

She held her shield in front of her body and a bright golden light covered the surface of her precious defender. Right in front of the great blood wall, a large projection of her shield struggled to contain the shockwave, but 1 minute later, that magical projection was destroyed and Ellis' stance was broken.

A flash of shock shone in her eyes as she stepped back. This was the first time her defense had been destroyed, and with such ease.

BOOOM!!! BOOOM!!! BOOOM!!! BOOOM!!! BOOOM!!! BOOOM!!! .....

Bai Zemin gritted his teeth and expended huge amounts of Mana per second when the shockwave finally reached the blood wall. Even when the shockwave had not yet hit the wall, the mana he was using to strengthen the blood of the wall was being swallowed up as if there was a black hole in the aftershock!

Mei Lin's thick frost shield lasted only 30 seconds before it was completely shattered which was understandable considering that she herself had said that her Frost Blast skill was a skill meant for attack and not defense.

The jade wall erected by Zilug was more resistant than Mei Lin's frost shield, however, without mana strengthening the walls all the jade soon lost its color and collapsed, once again turning to mud and dust.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Finally, the only defense left was the blood wall of Bai Zemin; if Bai Zemin's defense fell those on the wall would be hit, and even if none of them died since they were powerful soul evolvers, it was most likely that some of them would lose their consciousness for several days when the mana in the shockwave hit their bodies.

The king and the two princesses, as well as the other soul evolvers of Gales, looked at Bai Zemin with nervous expressions and pale faces. If the blood wall failed and the energy shields collapsed, then it would be a disaster for the entire city.

After 40 seconds, the first crack appeared on the blood wall. That crack soon spread throughout the length and breadth of the entire defensive structure, to the horror of all who watched helplessly.

Bai Zemin had spent over 700 Mana points on this defense but it was being torn apart so easily!

'Fuck! This sucker's eating my Mana!'

With no more options present, Bai Zemin roared and was forced to activate Overlap Regeneration.

"Strength by Mana!"

His body was soon enveloped by the characteristic golden halo of light and his aura seemed to rise to that of a divine figure. The wall of blood glowed brightly as great torrents of mana were injected into it causing the cracks slowly began to recede.

Bai Zemin was forced to use Overlap Regeneration three times in total before all the power of the shockwave disappeared!

By the time everything returned to normal, Bai Zemin stood panting heavily as his eyes flashed with lingering fear.

If something like this had happened on Earth where the races were not yet sufficiently developed then probably most of all life would have been annihilated without a trace!

While Lilith congratulated him and wiped the sweat from his face without anyone being aware of her existence, Bai Zemin was glad that no strange treasure was born in his world.... If every time a treasure was born there were such dangers to go through then he could only feel sorry for the living beings in the worlds where those treasures were born.

On the other hand, Mei Lin and Zilug looked at Bai Zemin in shock. They looked at each other and saw the same shock in each other's eyes.

That halo of golden light... What the hell was that thing? They both felt their hearts beating faster and a tinge of fear grew in them as they realized that the young human not only possessed terrifying physical strength but also seemed to be hiding a lot more.

He alone had withstood for almost 5 minutes the shockwave that had shattered so many defenses in a matter of moments!

On the other hand, Seraphina and King Philip sighed in relief.

As for Ellis, she looked at Bai Zemin's back with flashing eyes as if she was impressed by his defense being even higher than hers.

"Hey, what's that?!"

The frightened cry of Anna attracted the attention of everyone, and when they turned to look at her, they saw her looking with eyes filled with fear and astonishment to the north direction.

When King Philip and the others followed her stare, the first thing they saw was Bai Zemin standing there looking into the distance with disbelief, but when they looked past him they all understood the reason why even he was experiencing the same emotions that Anna was.

"Wh- What...is that..." Seraphina subconsciously took a step back.

In the distance, so far away that it was impossible to measure the distance but whose size was large enough to be seen from all corners of Eventide World, a huge jet-black spiral spun gently joining the sky and the earth.

The aura coming out of that huge black spiral was ancient but at the same time modern, soft and delicate but at the same time powerful and dangerous. It was as if several auras were coming together at the same time.

"Dungeon?" Lilith said in wide-eyed amazement.

Bai Zemin turned his head towards her abruptly upon hearing her words before realizing that his movement might have attracted attention. However, he soon found that everyone was frozen staring at the large jet-colored spiral with white tints around the edges.

"Dungeon?" He whispered in a voice only she could hear. "What's the matter with those dungeons?"

Bai Zemin was no stranger to the word dungeon, it was a well-known term in video games after all. However, it was the first time he had ever seen or heard of a dungeon occurring in the apocalypse.

Lilith's ruby-colored eyes sparkled as she looked at Bai Zemin: "Little brother Zemin, dungeons are only born when large, like, really large amounts of mana and records are gathered in a single point. Furthermore, from the books in the library of Lucifer's castle, I read that dungeons only usually appear when a treasure of at least Legend grade is born."

"Legend grade treasure..." Bai Zemin's eyes flashed, and when he turned to look at the black spiral now it was as if he was looking at the treasure itself.

It might even be a higher grade treasure! Although the chances were not very high since Eventide World was a world in its third stage and not fourth, could it be that a Demi-God grade treasure had been born? That shockwave had been truly terrifying just like the explosion after all! Even the color of the sky had been dyed purple!

"You'd better be careful though, Zemin," Lilith said as she saw his excited face. "Dungeons are really dangerous places, anything can happen, and even the strongest soul evolvers of a world can die inside a dungeon..... The monsters born inside there can get very powerful and dangerous."

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3