Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 856 wyvern of Purple Flames & DemonLord

"Remember that in this kind of situation we can trust no one, not even the other humans we will run into!" The King of Gales reminded in a deep voice as he looked out over the distant horizon.

From the north, from the east, from the west, from the northeast, from the northwest, southeast, southwest.... No matter which way the group of eleven looked, as the diurnal bats were minutes away from reaching the center of Eventide World after more than 40 hours of continuous flight, several small silhouettes began to appear in the distance and with each passing second they grew larger as the distance was being rapidly closed.

"Father, do you think the other kings of kingdom will become our enemies?" Ellis asked in a serious voice.

Her gold-colored hair was loose behind her back and in her left hand was her trademark shield. Her magic sword was sheathed to the left of her slender waist and her lovely body was protected by deep violet armor just matching her eyes. Ellis was not only a great beauty but also a powerful warrior at heart, something that showed in her every action and expression.

King Philip hesitated at his first daughter's question: ".... Hard to say..."

"In the last two weeks that passed we were generous enough to release all the princes and princesses except for the three confirmed traitors who allied with the demons; Edmund, Emerald, and Maximus." Seraphina pointed out with a frown. She snorted and said in a clear voice, "Besides, considering that Bai Zemin sent letters of invitation to have a chat about the future of the world I don't think the other kingdoms will cause trouble after seeing what our Gales is capable of."

"I'm afraid it's not that easy." Bai Zemin interjected.

He narrowed his eyes and looked down at the ground, quickly noticing that there were many approaching the center of the world by land.

"A high grade treasure might be inside that dark vortex, anyone who obtains it will become much more powerful instantly not to mention a king of kingdom." Bai Zemin said in a serious voice. "Greed is capable of blinding anyone, so it is best if we only rely on ourselves. Our allies are those who stand beside us, but most of all ourselves."

The other ten members of the group said nothing after hearing Bai Zemin's reasoning and instead focused on looking at their skills to check if there was anything that would be good to improve at the last minute.

Not long after, the diurnal bats began to slowly descend 500 meters from the black vortex.

Among the flying mounts that began to descend around the black vortex were winged snakes, horses with wings similar to unocorns but without horns, birds of all kinds, and many more. Bai Zemin even saw a giant black mouse with white wings on its back.

In addition to the flying beasts, giant mutant bulls, diamond-horned rhinoceroses, blue-scaled lizards, fire snakes, silver-armored elephants, and all kinds of earth-type mutant beasts made the ground rumble as they rushed toward the center of the world.

Everyone kept a certain distance from each other, each stayed close to their group and looked at the others cautiously. Everyone knew why they had come here so no one tried to approach anyone.

Bai Zemin saw several acquaintances among the soul evolvers who arrived, among them, Princess Dianna of the Pralan Kingdom standing next to her mother Queen Eloise nodded in his direction in greeting and probably thanks.

Even Princess Bianca who was considered the most beautiful young woman of them all was standing next to a middle-aged man stood in the crowd. She bowed when she noticed Bai Zemin looking in her direction, to which he responded by simply nodding in recognition.

"So many powerful soul evolvers..." Murmured the shy assassin Kat as she hid behind Anna and surveyed her surroundings in awe.

"Mm," Giles nodded with a frown. "This is the first time in my life I've ever seen so many races together in one place.... Looks like they all came out of their caves to fight for the meat."

Not only were there humans among the at least 5000 soul evolvers present but there were also many powers of other races. Orcs, different types of mutant beasts that belonged to different groups or families, large-sized mutant trees, golems, sea creatures capable of moving on land, and there was even a group of no more than 20 small fairies that were about 20 centimeters tall with small wings on their backs.

Ellis seemed to notice how curious Bai Zemin was about the little fairies, therefore, she approached him and quietly explained, "Those are pixies."

"Pixies?" Bai Zemin looked at her in amazement.

Were they similar to those little magical creatures in cartoons that granted wishes to a little kid with big teeth? Bai Zemin could remember that there was a little green-haired male fairy and a pink-haired female fairy, later they had a chubby little baby.Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Having no idea of Bai Zemin's peculiar thoughts, Ellis said in a serious voice, "Pixies have a low reproduction rate so they are few comparatively speaking. However, you should not underestimate them just because of their small size. Generally, pixies are not physically strong, but at birth they are all born having a skill called Mana Affinity so they are truly terrifying mages. Many prefer to feud with orcs or giant golems rather than feud with pixies."

Seraphina walked over noticing the two were chatting and after listening to the topic of conversation decided to join in.

"Pixies are a generally gentle race but in reality they can be very vengeful." She said. "If you mess with one of them then your front door will probably get kicked down during the night and a bunch of them will come in to kill you in your sleep."

"Well, they are few in number so naturally they have to watch out for each other." Ellis nodded.

Bai Zemin looked at the twenty small flying creatures, he was really curious about this race as it was the first time he saw such a small but at the same time powerful and respected one.

Pixies were not at all different from humans when it came to physical characteristics or skin colo, therefore, except for the small wings on their backs and their diminutive size, there was nothing unusual about them.

Suddenly, one of the little pixies turned and her sky blue eyes met Bai Zemin's black eyes, crossing distance and piercing crowds. She stared at him for a second or two before her brows curved into a crescent shape, a big sweet and kind smile appeared on her face and she nodded towards him.

Bai Zemin was surprised but he nodded towards the little pixie before looking away.

"Kek, wasn't that the pixie princess?" Evan walked over and put an arm around Bai Zemin's shoulder. There was an expression on his face that any man of culture would understand and he said quietly, "Say, Bai Zemin.... Could it be that you don't respond to Ellis' advances because you like pixies?"

Bai Zemin almost fell to the ground when he heard the words of Evan. He looked at him as if he was looking at an unidentified creature.

Was this person right in the head? Bai Zemin began to have his doubts about it.

"Nothing to be ashamed of," Giles stepped in next to Liam. They both nodded and said in unison, ""The pixie princess is a great beauty...""

The two looked at each other before saying dumbfounded, "".... Or is she a little beauty?""

"Perverts." Kat whispered and subconsciously hid even more behind Anna.

Anna didn't know whether to laugh or cry as she slowly said, "Little Kat, that's what all men are like. You better stay away from them, okay?"

"O- Okay."

Bai Zemin had a bittersweet smile on his face. He had been labeled a pervert again even though he hadn't done or said anything at all.

"Philip, do you have any idea what to do now that we're here?" Zilug scratched his head in confusion as he looked at the black vortex that actually turned out to be some sort of door.

Since Bai Zemin hadn't told them regarding the dungeons as it would be suspicious for him to know something even they didn't, no one knew what to do next.

"I'm not sure..." The King of Gales shook his head. "However, I think we'd better sit down for now.... It looks like the portal is closed."

Bai Zemin looked at the surroundings for several minutes but something that made him frown slightly was that he didn't manage to see even a single demon in all this time.

Could it be that the demon race was planning to attack the human kingdoms while all the Third Order soul evolvers left the courtyard free? However, doing that would mean surrendering to the treasure that had just been born... If it was Legend grade or even Semi-God grade treasure then it would be a great loss for them as they would at most have time to take down 5 or 10 kingdoms.

Besides, Bai Zemin knew that each kingdom had a little insurance against disappearing completely. The only reason the demons had managed to wipe out a kingdom a month ago was because the king of the destroyed kingdom did not have time to be prepared at all.

Just then, a giant black silhouette appeared flying on the distant horizon. Behind this silhouette, smaller ones appeared one after another and in an instant there were eleven in total that were rapidly approaching the center of the world.

Bai Zemin's pupils contracted slightly as his eyes focused on the flying beast leading the group. He didn't even look at the rider because what really caught his attention was the mount!

Was that thing a dragon? Bai Zemin was amazed beyond words. This was the first time he had ever seen a real dragon!

However, he soon realized that the beast was actually a bit different from a real dragon.

"Wyvern of Purple Flames! That's the Demon Lord's mount!"

No one knew who said those words but soon the atmosphere changed.

The Demon Lord was the absolute ruler of the demon race, unlike the humans who despite being greater in numbers were separated. Furthermore, it was widely known throughout the world that the Demon Lord was the most terrifying and powerful existence in the entire Eventide World and only Shadow KIller had so far faced him and survived to tell the tale!

* * * * * * *

READ AUTHOR'S THOUGHT AT THE END OF THE CHAPTER, PLEASE.

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3