Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 857 Powerhouses of the demon race!

Wyvern? Demon Lord? Bai Zemin immediately looked at the rider and narrowed his eyes trying to discern the appearance of the other side despite the distance and fierce winds.

Standing on the head of the wyvern whose scales were completely black and whose wings were at least 100 meters each, a young-looking and surprisingly handsome man was staring at the portal with a thoughtful expression on his face. His eyes were blood red and his skin slightly pale, on his head were two small ram's horns and he wore purple armor.

Not only was the Demon Lord tremendously handsome and youthful in appearance, but the aura around him was truly shocking. Even Bai Zemin was secretly surprised as the Demon Lord's Soul Power did not seem to be inferior to Shangguan Bing Xue in terms of purity!

Bai Zemin finally understood the reason why Lilith was so worried.

The Demon Lord had a very high level and his Soul Power was so pure that Bai Zemin had no idea whether he was above level 150 or not. This was the first time he had met an existence capable of comparing to Shangguan Bing Xue's terrifying talent and Bai Zemin's killing intent immediately began to grow in his heart.

He and the Demon Lord were destined to be enemies, there was no way Bai Zemin would forgive what the demons did to the annihilated Cirian Kingdom. Since the two were destined to be enemies no matter what, Bai Zemin was determined to end the life of this terrifying soul evolver who might become a big headache in the future.

"Mm?"

The Demon Lord seemed to sense a strange aura in the crowd so he took his eyes off the portal and scanned the surroundings for a few seconds before shaking his head.

A minute later, everyone backed up and made room as the giant wyvern flapped its wings and slowly began to descend being closely followed by ten big evil bats with their riders.

The atmosphere immediately became heavy, especially when the humans looked at the eleven demons with serious and angry expressions while the other races simply stood on the sidelines waiting for a good show.

The Demon Lord didn't even look at the humans or anyone else, maybe it was out of disdain or maybe it was because he was too busy with other matters to care about them but after the wyvern lay down on the ground what he did was sit on his mount as he stared at the portal waiting patiently.

Of course, just because the demon leader didn't say or do anything didn't mean that the ten demons that had arrived with him were silent.

A red-skinned demon six feet tall with a long lizard-like tail on its back looked at the various humans with his glowing red eyes. A strange light shone in his gaze as he said in a hoarse voice, "So many humans.... Even though they are disgusting they really smell good."

"So many beauties... I've had fun with some human women but I've never in my life touched a princess." Another demon whose skin was deep blue licked his lips as he fiddled with his magic staff and looked at the human females with desire.

"Kikiki..." A goat-headed demon with a large humpback chuckled chillingly as his yellow eyes glowed brightly. "You can play with the little girls, Dezgal, but leave the older females to me. Kiiikiki..."

"Igmerun, you really are a perverted old man aren't you? Kakaka!" A stout, bull-headed demon chuckled good-naturedly before looking at Bianca. He pointed at her and said in a hoarse voice, "That female is mine, no one can touch her!"

"Who's calling who a pervert, Kigdraug? Kiiikiki..." The goat-headed demon, Igmerun, laughed as he looked at the princess of the Lidora Kingdom with pity, "That ravishing little body will probably be split in two.... Oh well."

The demons laughed as they continued chatting and "joking" with each other.

Princess Bianca's face was as white as a sheet and her eyes flashed with fear as she felt the bull-headed demon's eyes. She had heard that Kigdraug was a terrifying beast that raped women, then killed them and continued raping them. Worst of all, none of the females he targeted managed to slip through his hands.

Even though the humans were furious, especially the King of the Lidora Kingdom, no one stepped forward to say anything.

Unlike the demon race which was led by a single existence, humans had more powers overall but they were divided into different kingdoms. If a human attacked a demon now then all the demons present would attack that human immediately, but if a demon attacked a human then most likely the only ones who would step forward to help the targeted human would be their allies with whom they had come all this way.

Furthermore, something that caught everyone's attention and frightened everyone was the fact that apart from the Demon Lord there were ten Third Order demons whose strength was comparable to that of kings of kingdom!

Nine of the ten Third Order demons were well known to everyone, they were the terrifying demon generals under the command of the Demon Lord; the sharpest weapon and shield of the demon race. However, the tenth demon who had joined the ranks after the death of one of the demon generals in the war against the Gales Kingdom was completely unknown to all.

The unknown demon was the only one who was silently looking at the surroundings while standing next to his evil bat, occasionally feeding it with meat that he took out of his leather bag. His appearance was similar to that of a human from the top up, but from the bottom down his body was like that of a goat, tail and all.

Seeing that no human said anything, the demons began to behave more and more wildly with each passing minute. Some were pointing at women and blatantly saying what they would do to them after killing the males while others were mocking the fallen Cirian Kingdom.

The women trembled with shame and fear at the words of the demons while the men were ashamed that they were not powerful enough to defend and make their partners be respected.Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"You demons think you can come and go or say whatever you please? Do you really think you are unstoppable under the heavens? All I've seen so far has been dogs barking, but apparently you're all too much of a pussy to even try to take the first bite."

"Mm?"

"Who said that?!"

"Come out!"

...

The demons immediately became enraged and began to look everywhere in search of the source of the sound. The demons' personalities were mocking and explosive, the blood running through their veins was wild like that of mutant beasts so they could go from peace and relaxation to war in just a second depending on the actions or words of others.

Bai Zemin had been watching everything from the side with indifference, however, after five minutes of constant babbling by the demons and seeing no one stepping forward he finally couldn't take it anymore.

He took a step forward and walked ahead of the large circle that had formed around the portal.

"it was me who said that." He said in a cold voice. "Any problems? If you want to fight then come all together and don't bark so much, I'll rip your heads off one by one."

The generals of the demon race stood dumbfounded looking at the young human who was looking down on them. Even the tenth general who was apparently replacing the place of Bel'gos after his death looked at Bai Zemin with surprise.

The only one who showed no apparent reaction was the Demon Lord that continued to stare at the portal as if he did not care about the world around him.

As the whole place fell deathly silent, Zilug and Mei Lin cursed Bai Zemin seven million times in one second.

The brat really couldn't stay quiet, could he! Even though Bai Zemin had said that he was not afraid of the Demon Lord, none of them expected that he would actually dare to say such words in front of the world's most powerful soul evolver!

King Philip shook his head and forced a smile as he looked at Bai Zemin's back without knowing whether he should be laughing or crying. However, the fact that several green sparks began to flicker around his spear was more than enough proof of what his posture was as he looked at the demons general hungrily; he even looked at the Demon Lord as if he couldn't wait to have his head.

"That's why orcs are orcs." Seraphina muttered under her breath and pointed her magic staff forward ready to activate multiple buffing skills.

As for Ellis, she looked at the Demon Lord with a frown and observed if he pulled any sort of action.

"Kakakaka! Really interesting, hey!" the bull-headed demon general, Kigdraug, chuckled as he looked at Bai Zemin with wide eyes. A pillar of hot smoke shot out of his nostrils as his two large arms reached back and pulled out the large battle axe from his back. "First Order little guy, you think because you have three Third Order soul evolvers with you that you're safe?"

Bai Zemin gave him a sidelong glance and the corner of his mouth curved slightly as he said disdainfully, "I didn't know cows could bark. Such seems to be the evolution of the world brought wonderful things for everyone."

"Hahahahaha!" Seraphina couldn't help but point at the demon general and laugh heartily when she heard Bai Zemin's words. She didn't care about her image as a princess nor did she care about the identity of the other party, she was simply laughing because she wanted to laugh!

These demons had killed her mother, let them suffer then!

* * * * * * *

A/N: Remember to read the "author's thoughts" at the end of the previous chapter!

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3