Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 858 Entering the dungeon!

Seraphina was not the only one who laughed.

Although she was the only one who did not try to hold back at all, there were several other young people in the crowd who after holding back the urge to burst out laughing for the first few seconds finally broke when the laughter of the second princess of the Gales Kingdom shattered the silence.

Princess Dianna smiled slightly as she watched with interest next to her mother Queen Eloise, and Princess Bianca of the Lidora Kingdom barely tried to contain the smile on her face as she watched the demon general who had targeted her being humiliated in front of the major powers of the world.

There were even two or three demons who chuckled under their breath while the others gave weird glances at their fellow demon general.

"Brat... What did you say?"

Demon general Kigdraug looked at Bai Zemin and asked in a low voice. The muscles in his body swelled and his eyes began to turn red as the veins on his neck and face began to visibly grow.

Kigdraug was a demon over 640 years old, his level was 156 and among all the other demon generals he was ranked number 3, which meant that there were only two demons more powerful than him in the entire demon race leaving aside the Demon Lord.

Countless lives and countless mighty warriors had been crushed by his fists, yet a human infant of the First Order had just humiliated him before his peers and before his lord...Kigdraug preferred to think he had heard wrong.

"What I said was that- Oh, wait... maybe if I speak in your language you'll understand me better." Bai Zemin cleared his throat and with a serious expression on his face opened his mouth.

"Woof woof! Woof woof woof!"

After several barking dog sounds, Bai Zemin asked with disdain, "I wonder if it's clearer to you now?"

"Hahahahahaha!" Seraphina was laughing to tears!

She didn't know that the usually serious Bai Zemin actually had this side in him!

Just as Kigdraug was about to lunge forward and turn the arrogant human into meat paste, the Demon Lord's voice spread throughout the area.

"The portal is opening."

Kigdraug's movements stopped automatically and his head turned towards the huge portal.

At the same time, Bai Zemin's expression became serious and he also turned to look at the portal.

Previously, the entire portal was almost 100% black with only flickers of white. However, at some point and unnoticed by anyone, the colors had reversed and it was now almost completely white.

Rumble...!!!

The surroundings suddenly began to tremble fiercely and some soul evolvers present found it difficult to hold their postures steady. Existences like Princess Bianca who despite being close to the Second Order had not yet completely broken through staggered and were about to fall but were supported by the powerhouses next to them.

"Zemin, the dungeon is opening now!" Lilith warned and said in a serious voice, "Remember not to underestimate the inside of the dungeon. That is a different world from Eventide World, all the creatures inside are the product of the fusion of countless records and large amounts of leftover mana that was not absorbed by the land of this world. There might even be minor alterations in spacetime."

Bai Zemin nodded silently. Lilith had already told him a bit regarding the dungeons so even though this would be his first time walking into one at least he wouldn't be completely unprepared.

Soon, the portal went completely white and the ground stopped rumbling. However, that calm didn't last long.

"The portal opened!"

"The treasure is inside!"

"Scram!"Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

...

Shouts and curses began to spread immediately as several soul evolvers from different alliances began to fight fiercely while others were doing their best to charge towards the portal either on foot or using their mounts.

"Let's move!" The Demon Lord jumped onto his wyvern and waved his hand.

The wyvern was a majestic beast over 10 meters tall and whose wingspan from wing to wing in total was approximately 250 meters. Its black scales with purple tints shone under the sun's glare and as it stood up the aura of a Third Order powerhouse burst from its body.

Roar!!!

The shockwave caused by the wyvern's roar pushed everyone back, and with a mighty flap of its wings, a thick cloud of dust rose into the sky accompanying its mighty body in the direction of the white portal.

The ten demon generals followed closely behind the Demon Lord's wyvern on their evil bats. However, before disappearing beyond the portal, the demon general Kigdraug gave Bai Zemin a death glare and his image was firmly etched in his eyes.

It was obvious that Kigdraug would definitely hunt Bai Zemin inside the dungeon for revenge and that if it were not for the Demon Lord's words being absolute he would have attacked him by now. However, what Kigdraug did not know was that even if he did not actively seek him out, Bai Zemin had already sentenced him to death long before.

In fact, aside from Bai Zemin and King Philip who had a blood feud with the demons, Liam had been glaring red-eyed at the demon generals barely restraining himself from attacking them.

"Everyone, remember to be careful in the dungeon." Bai Zemin approached his group and warned in a serious voice.

Seeing everyone nod, he continued, "No one knows what will happen when we cross that portal, but it is a fact that we will not all be taken to the same area as that would be against the fairness of the Soul Record. Therefore, no matter where you are be sure to move in the direction of the treasure immediately. There will probably be something pointing to the location on the inside."

If the portal teleported everyone to a fixed location then those who entered first would have an advantage as they could charge powerful attacks and launch them immediately when someone appeared, that way, the first group to enter would surely get the treasure. Considering that the Soul Record was relatively fair, it was natural to assume that everyone would be taken to different locations.

"Understood."

"See you soon!"

"Make sure to stay safe and avoid battles as much as possible."

"That's right, let's regroup first."

...

After a few words, the group quickly charged towards the portal. Although it wasn't that easy as some soul evolvers of various races had lost their sanity and were attacking anyone who came near.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!....

After opening up a path of blood and slaughtering over 100 living beings, all of whom were at least level 40, Bai Zemin's group finally managed to arrive in front of the portal. After a slight nod, they all stepped forward and disappeared.

Before stepping into the dungeon, Bai Zemin looked up at the sky and noticed that even now there were new soul evolvers arriving.

* * *

Bai Zemin felt the space around him twist and his vision dimmed for a brief second after crossing the portal.

When he could finally see again, the world in front of him had completely changed.

The grassland once full of life and trees had been replaced by a sandy desert, dry and lifeless to the naked eye. Sand dunes stretched as far as the eye could see and the blowing wind carried grains of sand making movement and vision difficult.

Bai Zemin was alone, there was no one around him. As he looked back, all he saw was more and more sand, no sign of entry or exit at all.

Swoosh!

Bai Zemin's lips curved slightly as he felt a light gust of rose-scented wind gently blowing against his face. Apparently, he was no longer alone.

"However, this is really surprising..." Bai Zemin muttered as he looked at the surroundings with interest. "It's really amazing. A world within a world. The Soul Record really is terrifying."

"More than the Soul Record, what's amazing is the universe." Lilith said.

It wasn't hard for her to find Bai Zemin and immediately reach him using her little knowledge of space, besides, the laws of Eventide World were weak for someone of her level.

"What do you mean?" asked Bai Zemin as he tried to identify something that could lead him to the treasure and thus reunite with his allies.

"The Soul Record controls mana and uses it to strengthen our souls, connecting them at the same time so that by killing another living being we can become more powerful through absorbing part of the enemy Soul Power." Lilith explained slowly. "However, every law of the universe is just of the universe and not of the Soul Record. The law of space is its own law, the Soul Record is simply using that law along with the world's mana to create this artificial world temporarily."

"... I see." Bai Zemin nodded.

He knew that the Soul Record was not the one who created this universe, the universe itself already existed with its laws but there was no life until the shattered lands of The Golden Domain arrived here dragged in by a spatial crack. The Soul Record was something or someone tremendously powerful that made use of everything it could to prevent the annihilation of all life.

As for why the Soul Record had decided to become the guardian of life.... It was a mystery that would probably remain unanswered for a long time.

Bai Zemin could soon see a huge silver-colored tower rising into the clouds in a northerly direction from the point to which he had been teleported. Looking around and finding nothing else he could use as a guidepost, he quickly set off without letting his guard down.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3