Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 860 Yellow lightning mouse & Lightning Pearl

A day later, Bai Zemin finally emerged from the meadow where the sn*rlax lived.

There was only one Munchl*x in that territory, at least in a straight line to the silver-colored tower. As to whether there were more Second Order within that large grassland-like territory or not, Bai Zemin did not know nor did he intend to find out since his focus was still on the silver-colored tower.

With one foot in the grassland and the other foot in the new biome that awaited him, Bai Zemin looked back and forth with a strange expression on his face.

"Somehow this feels like being in between the safe zone of a shooter game but at the same time being chased by the lethal gas."

"Your comparisons are getting better and better every day. We have novels, cartoons, and now we're adding video games. What's next now, +18 rated videos?"

"Little Lilith, you're getting naughty again. Could it be that seeing my new bed made you see the light?"

"... It's really beyond belief that you obtained a bed from a Rare grade treasure orb."

Bai Zemin shrugged his shoulders as he recalled what happened after collecting the Rare grade orb that was formed from the Munchl*x Soul Power due to his picky soul rejecting a good portion of it if not all of it.

Surprisingly, he got a bed to sleep in. However, it wasn't just any bed.

"It's a Mega-Ultra-Comfortable Super Bed!"

"... I really want to beat you up right now."

[Mega-Ultra-Comfortable Super Bed (Rare grade Treasure): Sleeping is an art that only warriors destined for the battlefield can appreciate for real. Only those who know the suffering of not having a restful night's sleep are aware of how important a good bed is. Effect: When sleeping on the Mega-Ultra-Comfortable Super Bed the hours of sleep you get are multiplied by 2 and it becomes much easier for you to sleep, in addition, it increases your Health stat by +200 while lying on it].

Bai Zemin wasn't complaining about the bed, it was a good treasure even if it wasn't meant for combat. Moreover, the Mega-Ultra-Comfortable Super Bed even added +200 Health points while lying on it so wound healing would increase considerably if the wounded people rested on it.

After walking through the new biome which was actually dry land that appeared to be scorched for about two hours, Bai Zemin finally encountered his first monster. However, when he saw the appearance of this monster his body froze.

" You have to be kidding me..."

"So cute!"

As Bai Zemin's expression rotted, Lilith's face lit up as she saw the creature in front of them.

Bai Zemin gave her a sidelong glance and said quietly, "I thought you women were afraid of mice? Where is your 'Kya! A mouse, so gross!' hmm? Hmmm?"

"How can you compare a disgusting mouse to this lovely animal?" Lilith snorted and clicked her tongue several times as she slowly said, "This little creature is a lady killer I tell you. Be careful or I might end up loving it more than you."

That's right, Bai Zemin's new enemy was a mouse. However, this was not just any mouse, even mutant mice were different from this mouse.

Its fur was duck yellow, it stood on its hind legs and its black eyes sparkled with innocence as it gazed into the distance unaware of Bai Zemin's presence. However, the most striking features of this short-limbed little mouse were undoubtedly the two red circles on its cheeks and its lightning-shaped tail.

"In that case, I'm afraid I'll have to kill you even if you were part of my childhood."

Swoosh!

His golden spear appeared in his right hand and just as Bai Zemin took the first step forward the mouse's long yellow ears with black tips twitched.

The little yellow mouse turned its head abruptly in his direction and its sweet expression looked confused as it tilted its head, "Pika pi?"

"You're fake too!"

"Don't!"

"Too late!"

Swoosh!

BOOM!!!

[You have obtained the Soul Power of First Order Pik*ch* level 38....]

"No! Little lovely mouse!"

"Pik*ch* is gone and will never come back, get over it and love only me!"

Bai Zemin picked up his spear as he muttered to himself, "Really, I don't understand why this dungeon seems to be full of monsters that look like pok*m*ns."

"Maybe it has something to do with the treasure? It's just a guess though, all my knowledge about dungeons comes from books after all. This is my first time going into a dungeon, just like you."

"Oh?"

Bai Zemin's eyes suddenly lit up at the thought of a certain possibility. However, just as he felt he was about to discover what the treasure was that glint that was in his hand's grasp slipped through his fingers and disappeared before he could chase after it.

"Forget it, whatever it is I guess we'll find out later."

Bai Zemin shook his head and squatted down to store the First Order Soul Stone.

"Mm? What is that thing?"

"I have no idea, it's the first time I've seen something like that fall after killing an enemy."

The little pik*ch*'s body had been torn apart after being hit by Annihilation of the Falling Sky thrown by Bai Zemin, therefore, he believed that he would only get the Soul Stone. However, that did not seem to be the case.

A meter or two away from where the Soul Stone had fallen, a small bright yellow pearl lay silently on the ground waiting to be picked up.

Bai Zemin did not keep it waiting too long as he quickly picked it up and the records of the pearl flashed in his retina immediately.

[Lightning Pearl (Rank 2, consumable): Contains a good amount of pure lightning-like energy. Effect: Consuming 10 within 24 hours after consuming the first one raises the level of a random lightning-type skill possessed by the consumer by +1. Only works on skills below Second Order].

"Holy shit!"

Bai Zemin couldn't help but curse as he looked at the small pearl in his hand.

This was a great treasure! Being able to directly level up a skill by +1 was no different than skipping the requirements of that level which at the same time meant saving a lot of resources and headaches!

Even if it only worked on Unclassified or First Order skills at most, if Bai Zemin could obtain several of those pearls then wouldn't that mean that all the soul evolvers of his faction, especially mages focused on lightning-type skills, would receive a terrifying power boost?

"What?" Lilith was also astonished when she read the records of the small pearl. "This is crazy!"

Just like Bai Zemin, Lilith immediately understood the immense value of the small pearl in his hands if it was an item that could be acquired in large quantities.

For someone like her or even someone like Bai Zemin, the Rank 2 Lightning Pearl was useless. However, for a growing faction that was just learning to walk, that little pearl was no different than a tonic of the highest quality!

The Rank 2 Lightning Pearl was useless in large and already established factions such as the Demonic Army or the Army of Heaven, however, for the Transcendent faction that was just growing and had recently been created it was a treasure!

As Bai Zemin and Lilith were debating regarding the Lightning Pearl that had fallen from the previous Pik*ch*'s body, the sound of lightning crackling attracted both of their attention.

"Pik*-Ch*!!!"

Bang!

Bai Zemin didn't have time to move when he was literally struck by lightning as he was caught slightly off guard due to the surprise and joy in his heart.

Bai Zemin looked at his body, several sparks of lightning flashed around his armor for a few seconds before disappearing.

"It itches quite a bit." He said as he struggled to pull down a lock of his hair that had stood up. Bai Zemin looked to his right and there he saw it, a small yellow mouse looking up at him in shock standing on its hind legs.

"Pika pika- Burn to death!"

Poor Pik*ch* didn't have time to run away when Bai Zemin pointed at it and a blue fire arrow shot out from his index finger.

Boom!!!

Blue flames exploded and engulfed the little yellow mouse's body, turning it into ashes in less than five seconds and disappearing immediately afterwards.

Bai Zemin and Lilith were like excited children running towards the place where the little yellow mouse had been turned into mortal remains.

"There really is a Lightning Pearl!" Bai Zemin exclaimed in delight as he saw the small round golden-colored pearl on the ground and bent down to pick it up.

"Quickly start hunting Pik*ch*s! If each of those little yellow mice has a pearl in their bodies and they drop it when they die then the more you kill the better!" Lilith was really happy and the expression on her face said it all.

This had been a great new discovery. Now Lilith understood why the higher factions loved dungeons so much, another reason that pushed them to fight each other to gain control over more worlds and thus more opportunities to control dungeons.

The dungeon was a treasure in itself! Even if Bai Zemin failed to obtain the treasure, being able to take a few thousand of Lightning Pearl home would not be a bad gain at all not to mention that he would definitely come across more good things along the path!

Just as Lilith had said, Bai Zemin quickly set off and began moving through the arid lands in search of yellow mice.

"Pika-"

"Die!"

Boom!!!

"Pi-"

Boom!!!

"Pik*-Ch*!!!"

"You're fake I am telling you!"

Boom!!!

...

Another two days passed and today was the sixth day since Bai Zemin had entered the dungeon.

Although he had been almost a week "locked" in the dungeon, in reality, Bai Zemin was not even close to halfway to the colossal silver-colored tower that could be seen from probably every corner of the world.

After learning the existence and importance of the Lightning Pearls, Bai Zemin decided that targeting one treasure but ignoring the rest was not wise, therefore, he decided to be a greedy cat with the intention of taking everything home; he naturally wasn't going to give up on the main treasure after all, but he also didn't plan on leaving behind treasures that had the potential to empower his faction.

For the two days that passed, he stayed in the pik*ch*s' territory moving slowly north while hunting them all down. No Pik*ch* survived more than 3 seconds after being spotted by Bai Zemin.

Bai Zemin squatted down and grabbed the small golden pearl before standing up and picking up his spear stuck in the yellow mouse's chest.

"With this pearl, I finally reached the number-"

Boom!!! BOOM!!! BANG! BANG!!!

His words were suddenly cut off when the sound of explosions coming from the distance caught his attention.Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

His expression changed and without a second thought, he dashed in the direction of the sound.

It was definitely a battle and since the Pik*ch*s weren't fighting each other it meant that maybe Bai Zemin could meet up with one of his allies if he was lucky!

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3