Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 861 Pixie Princess

The further Bai Zemin ran in a northwesterly direction, the more prominent the sound of explosions became. He judged from the level of constant explosions that there were definitely more than two existences fighting or one of them was capable of launching many attacks at the same time.

Worried that Seraphina had gotten into trouble again, Bai Zemin stomped the ground hard and quickened his pace without holding back his natural Agility at all. His body was a blur on the arid lands and the wind exploded as it was cut in two wherever he passed by.

"It's behind that mountain!" Bai Zemin was getting closer and closer when suddenly a startling scene occurred.

The gray sky suddenly got covered with golden lightning and the next moment that golden lightning rained down from the dark clouds hitting the back of the mountain.RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

BOOOOOM!!!

Bai Zemin's vision was tinged with golden color as the lightning covered the surroundings. The ground beneath his feet trembled and a part of the mountain began to crack as the golden lightning flashes surrounded it.

Bai Zemin had no idea who had cast such a skill but the power behind the attack could definitely be compared to the attack of a soul evolver above level 100!

After carefully circling the mountain, Bai Zemin did not show himself immediately and instead activated Invisibility while hiding behind a huge rock.

"Uh? It's her?" Bai Zemin was surprised when he finally discovered who the existence fighting was.

In a completely destroyed clearing, black earth completely scorched, large craters, and golden lightning flashing all over the ground like a sea of thunderbolts, two existences were facing each other in what was definitely a battle in which the victor could continue to live and grow while the loser would die and become the victor's nurturer.

One of them was a Pik*ch* like the ones Bai Zemin had been hunting all this time, however, this Pik*ch* was larger and more mature. Its entire body was mustard colored and its belly was slightly white while the two dots on its cheeks were no longer red but were golden-yellow. Its tail was much larger and longer than that of the common Pik*ch*s and its ears were no longer long and pointed but had a much more complex and peculiar shape, in addition, its paws and hands were now completely brown.

Seeing the golden lightning flashing fiercely around this creature, Bai Zemin quickly identified it as the next evolution of Pik*ch*, R*ich*!

The R*ich* was glaring furiously at its enemy but it seemed to be that the previous attack had drained much of its energy to fight as amidst that fury one could see growing exhaustion.

"Little mouse, if you keep misbehaving then I will really punish you!"

The sweet little voice of a girl spread through the place, but far from serving as a warning to the R*ich* it only served to infuriate it even more as it quickly rushed forward.

"You still don't get it? Your lightning don't- Ah!"

The R*ich*'s enemy was taken by surprise when instead of attacking with lightning as it had been attacking all this time its tail suddenly glowed, turning white in a second.

Swoosh!

The R*ich* leaped high into the sky and spun like a wheel as it slammed its tail ferociously downward aiming straight for its enemy's head.

R*ich* was not very big, only about twice the size of Pik*ch*. However, its enemy was even smaller than a Pik*ch*; she was only about 20 centimeters tall.

Under Bai Zemin's surprised eyes, the princess of the pixie race was forced to raise a last-second magic barrier just before the R*ich*'s iron tail hit her.

BOOM!!!

The R*ich*'s physical attack was definitely powerful, comparable to level 99 soul evolvers. The pixie princess' barrier barely endured for a moment before it was shattered by the enemy's tail and she was sent flying over 40 meters with a pale face.

"Now you've really pissed me off!" A small trickle of red blood slipped out of the pixie princess' mouth and her blue-colored eyes suddenly turned green like a beast's.

The R*ich* seemed to notice the change in the atmosphere surrounding its little adversary so it quickly re-activated the same skill as before and charged with the intention of landing another good blow.

"Volcano!"

The pixie princess' voice was loud and powerful despite her diminutive size.

Under Bai Zemin's stunned eyes, the ground opened up in a diameter of over 400 meters around the pixie princess and the R*ich* that was now plummeting somewhere.

The small wings on the pixie princess's back flapped as she flew out of the large hole and after flying 600 meters she pointed backwards with a small tree branch.

"Volcanic Outburst!"

RUMBLE.....!!!

The ground began to shake fiercely, forcing Bai Zemin to retreat to avoid being affected or spotted.

An instant later, a huge column of fire and lava shot out from the large hole that had swallowed the R*ich*.

BOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!

The column of fiery fire and molten rock soared over 800 meters into the sky before it began to fall back down attracted by gravity. Lava and flames danced in the sky and splashed everywhere, causing a huge mess in the process and finally crushing half of the mountain from which Bai Zemin had been watching.

The corner of Bai Zemin's mouth trembled several times as he muttered to himself, "If I'm not mistaken, R*ich* possesses good agility, high magic attack power, and is capable of doing a lot of physical damage with its tail.... However, that mouse has surprisingly low defenses..... That little fairy's attack could have crushed at least a few thousand R*ich*s."

"You think everyone knows that information?" Lilith rolled her eyes and for the first time in her life began to regret a little that she hadn't read light novels or watched many cartoons during her childhood.

The little pixie princess correctly received the R*ich*'s Soul Power and surprisingly, when the earth closed again, a green-colored treasure orb, a skill scroll, and a pearl bigger and shinier than the Lightning Pearls Bai Zemin had collected so far appeared on the ground.

Bai Zemin narrowed his eyes at the sight and his brain began to move rapidly as he watched the pixie princess's movements.

The light covering the small wings on her back had dimmed and there were no longer so many bright sparks around her. Also, her small but still generous for her body size chest was falling and rising heavily with each breath.

She was definitely exhausted and injured.

Bai Zemin pointed his finger forward and slowly began to summon the Endless Blue Lotus Flame that rested in his soul. A deep blue dot began to form an inch from his index finger, becoming more powerful without increasing in size for every breath of time.

The pixie princess' little feet had barely touched the ground in preparation to rest and reclaim her spoils of war when suddenly her already pale face grew even paler. Her head turned abruptly to the west and her pupils twitched.

Half a mile away and rapidly approaching, a new, fully healthy and energetic R*ich* was charging towards her on all fours with several golden flashes of lightning flickering around its body.

She no longer had enough power to fight such a strong enemy, not to mention the fact that she was currently suffering from medium-grade wounds!

Just as the pixie princess was preparing to fight, her body trembled as she felt the unmistakable sound of the wind being pierced by an arrow.

Swoosh!

The pixie princess barely managed to catch a glimpse out of the corner of her eye of a dark blue arrow brushing against her cheeks. The fiery heat was only there for a brief moment before it disappeared along with the arrow but that brief moment was more than enough for her to understand what would have happened to her body if that arrow was aimed at her back.

The R*ich* let out a strange sound from its mouth and its tail quickly glowed, turning white. Seizing the momentum of its charge, it leaped forward and spun while swinging its tail like a whip towards the incoming attack.

BOOOOM!!!

The blue fire arrow exploded and sparks of flame flew everywhere.

As the pixie princess took a couple of steps back forced by the shockwave, she saw that the mouse had been sent flying into the sky but had not actually died. There were several burns around the R*ich*'s body and its posture had been completely broken as it looked beyond her with eyes wide with fear.

The pixie princess didn't have time to turn around when she heard a powerful bang over 1000 meters behind.

Not even a second later and as the wind howled, a thin but swift beam partially illuminated the clouds in deep blue as it flew towards the unprotected R*ich*.

The fear in R*ich*'s eyes quickly turned to anger and the golden lightning flashes began to crackle furiously all around it. Unable to control its body, all it could do was launch its own attack.

However, although the golden lightning blasts were fast and powerful, the deep blue colored beam possessed a great penetrating ability, therefore, when the two attacks clashed, R*ich*'s golden lightning blasts were split in two and shredded to pieces.

BOOOOOM!!!!

The sky rumbled and lit up blue for a brief second as R*ich*'s body was struck, and under the pixie princess' disbelieving eyes, a glowing golden pearl and a Second Order Soul Stone fell from the sky along with the remaining flames.

The pixie princess quickly turned around, and there she saw the one who had saved her life but might soon become her enemy. However, she was very surprised to see that this person turned out to be the young human to whom she had nodded her head outside the dungeon.

[You have received the Soul Power of Second Order R*ich* level 87....]

Annihilation of the Falling Sky was in its bow form in Bai Zemin's left hand. His eyes met those of the pixie princess again and he naturally noticed her surprise after recognizing him.

Bai Zemin said nothing, he simply used his skill Blood Manipulation to reclaim his own spoils of war. Then, he looked at the pixie princess again and nodded slightly in the same manner as he did days ago.

Subconsciously and still dazed, the little princess returned the nod in the form of a greeting.

Then, under her surprised eyes and before she could say or do anything, the human who had just killed the ferocious mouse with two attacks despite being only level 50 made his golden bow disappear and dashed off in a northerly direction at a speed that left the pixie princess breathless.

Following Bai Zemin silently for a few seconds, Lilith asked with a raised eyebrow: "Why didn't you kill that little princess? She was easy prey for you, you would get many treasures including those from her body, and it was clear that her Soul Power was very pure too."

Bai Zemin could have killed the pixie princess without anyone knowing, however, he shook his head and said in a casual voice, "Killing is not always the solution, at least not in the long run even if it makes us stronger. You wait and you will soon understand the reason why I let that little girl live instead of killing her. Let's hope that little pixie princess survives though, otherwise none of this will make sense and it will have been a waste to let her go alive."

Bai Zemin was looking much further ahead into the future, that was precisely why he finally decided not to kill the pixie princess and instead helped her out of a great hurry.

Seeing that he didn't say anything else, Lilith shrugged her shoulders and didn't continue asking. She knew Bai Zemin and was confident that his judgment was correct as it had been on most occasions to this day.

Moreover, Bai Zemin's words were true. Killing was not always the long-term solution, and there were times when letting the non-enemy live would be much more beneficial in the future.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3