Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 863 Crimson Blood Judgment vs lceBeam

"Oh? What a surprise."

A cold, arrogant voice rang out from the cave entrance.

"To think I would meet a human here and it turns out that human is none other than the brat who made fun of Kigdraug the other day hahaha... Well, I'll give your head to Kigdragug so he can use you as a urinal and let off some steam!"

That voice... Bai Zemin had heard it before, even before the demons general appeared outside the dungeon.

Bai Zemin slowly raised his head, just enough to be able to see the other party's face hence his hair still partially covered his dark eyes, which upon identifying the other party glistened under the blaze of the deep blue flame burning before him.

The demon general who had just arrived and was looking at Bai Zemin as if he was looking at a little mouse waiting for its judge was a mage-type soul evolver. However, Bai Zemin recognized him very well.

Aroth, ranked number 8 among the demon generals under the Demon Lord's command and one of the main demons in the participation of the indiscriminate massacre in the now destroyed Cirian Kingdom.

"This dungeon is so vast but to think that I was going to be the first of the demon generals to encounter you. Fate is very interesting!" Aroth smiled horribly and the mana inside his body began to bubble, "Looks like your luck isn't very good... Do you know why? It's because while the other demon generals enjoy raping human females and killing the males I enjoy torturing!"

Bai Zemin continued to stare silently at Aroth through the fringe of his black hair. Hearing Aroth's words, his lips slowly curved into what soon became a chilling smile.

"Really... Fate is very interesting... While this may not be able to bring back the children and newborns, it can at least be considered retribution in their names." He muttered under his breath before slowly commencing to stand up.

* * *

Seven hours later, the sky had barely cleared when Bai Zemin was already on his way north.

Despite the low temperatures, his body felt very warm and comfortable thanks to the existence of the Endless Blue Lotus Flame burning softly in his soul. Moreover, his cloak contained large amounts of fire-like energy so even if the temperature was twice lower than the current temperature Bai Zemin would still preserve his body temperature.

"Little brother Zemin, what do you think about my words last night? I told you that before leaving this dungeon you would get many more Lightning Pearl and I didn't lie to you, did I?"

Bai Zemin gently rubbed his storage ring with his fingers and a faint smile automatically formed at the corner of his lips, "Indeed, you were right. As expected of you, my little succubus."

"Hehe... It's a good thing you know my worth!"

"What are you talking about? I've always seen you as someone precious to me."

"....Hmph, you sure know how to talk don't you? It's because of that silver tongue of yours that so many innocent girls fall under your spell."

"..."

After killing the demon general Aroth quite easily due to the latter underestimating Bai Zemin and getting too close despite being a mage, the number of Rank 2 Lightning Pearls in Bai Zemin's possession rose to over 120,000 while the number of Rank 3 Lightning Pearls now numbered 34.

In addition, Aroth was one of the powerful demon generals, a pillar of the demon race, therefore, he naturally had other resources in his bag, as well as high-value treasures... but now, everything became Bai Zemin's property.

Just at that moment, the high-pitched shriek of a beast caused Bai Zemin's footsteps to stop. He tried to see beyond the snow but it was incredibly difficult to see even 50 meters in front of him.

SWOOSH!!!

Bai Zemin's expression changed slightly as he felt the wind whistling towards him. His Danger Sense skill immediately triggered and in response, Bai Zemin kicked the ground to move away from the place where his feet were on.

However, Bai Zemin soon encountered a problem, and that was that while he had managed to move away before the ice blade cut into his body, his feet had sunk into the snow resulting in his explosive speed not having been as high as it should have been.Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Swoosh!!!!

Bai Zemin subconsciously tilted his stance back when he sensed danger and just then he finally caught a glimpse of his enemy.

The enemy was a large, icy blue giant bird with a particularly heavy mane of white hair on its chest. Its legs were long and its talons sharp, its long icy blue tail was like a huge elegant feather swaying in the wind and its wings were the same color as 95% of its body large enough to hug the entirety of its form.

"Great, now it turns out I have to face the legendary p*kem*n Artic*no." Bai Zemin muttered with a frown.

"Stupid, stop playing around and get more serious! That bird is an evolved Third Order beast!" Lilith scolded.

"I do know." Bai Zemin nodded, but just as he was preparing to attack he felt an enormous pressure weighing directly on him.

His feet sank hard into the snow causing a powerful explosion to reverberate as a crater formed. Bai Zemin's back curved forward slightly and a flash of surprise shone in his eyes as he struggled to lift his head and look up at the sky.

"This damn bird.... It even has the skill Pressure!" Bai Zemin gritted his teeth and it wasn't long before he noticed that his Agility had dropped by at least half now.

Screeee!

The Aritic*didn't give Bai Zemin time to think or react since it launched attack after attack. After activating Pressure, a skill that increased the gravity of a single targeted object for 60 seconds by 200%, the giant bird began to circle faster and faster in the sky around him.

Swoosh! Swoosh!Swoosh!!!Swooosh!!! SWOOSH!!!!....

The snow was swept away due to the high speed of the Artic*no but consequently the wind began to gather and quickly formed a huge wind whirlwind, enveloping Bai Zemin and locking him inside.

When Bai Zemin managed to repel the pressure of the Aric*no's skill by activating his Gravity Manipulation skill, he raised his head to the sky and saw that the beast had stopped spinning after enclosing him in the whirlwind.

Bai Zemin's black eyes noticed the flash of intelligence in the blue eyes of the flying beast as they looked at each other through the topmost eye of the storm.

Under Bai Zemin's slightly serious eyes, the great blue bird opened its yellow beak and an icy blue magic circle flashed before it.

Breath-like skill? Bai Zemin's mind moved quickly and he soon understood what was going on.

"Damn sneaky bird!"

Activating Pressure first, the Artic*no managed to buy a few seconds to be able to activate its skill Gust and thus enclose its enemy in a wall of wind that for the first 5 seconds was indestructible, impenetrable, and wouldn't let the enemy jump. Now, soaring on top of the whirlwind, the Aritc*no planned to use its skill Ice Beam to strike in a straight line at an enemy that could not avoid the attack in any way!

Besides, Bai Zemin knew that his enemy was one of the most troublesome air-type creatures when it came to kill, because its Agility was probably unsurpassed!

Bai Zemin knew that he had a few seconds to make his move before the Ice Beam skill was fully charged so he quickly extended his right hand and created a blood spear using the blood of a Second Order mutant beast whose main element had been fire while it was alive.

Determined to wipe it all out in one hit, he activated his main destructive skill.

He stood in a throwing stance with the blood spear firmly gripped by his right hand and with his right arm curved at a right angle upward raising the spear slightly above shoulder height.

"Crimson Blood Judgment!"

The Endless Blue Lotus Flame glowed and burned over the blood spear but its flames were tinged with crimson as the skill was activated. Bai Zemin's Mana fell and just as a beam of icy energy shot out from above downwards he swung his right arm upwards with all his Strength.

An attack that was similar to a bright blue beam fell and an attack that traced a thin dark crimson line rose up.

There was but a single track due to the thin whirlwind, therefore, the attacks met head-on in less than a second.

The Artic*no's Ice Beam skill was certainly powerful, probably on the same level as Mei Lin's Frost Blast skill. However, the Crimson Blood Judgment skill was a skill that increased in power depending on various factors such as the power of the flame used, the caster's magic power, the quality of the blood used to shape the spear, the Order the Blood Manipulation skill was in, etc.

The unstoppable and dominating power of the Crimson Blood Judgment skill was immediately shown as the Artic*no's magic attack in the sky did not even manage to stand up when the flame spear pushed it upwards with complete ease as it continued its unstoppable ascent.

The beast's blue eyes flashed with disbelief and its movements froze in shock just an instant before its body was struck by the crimson flame-wrapped spear.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!

Bai Zemin quickly squatted down and covered himself with his cloak while covering his head using his arms and hands.

The shockwave hit his back once but that was not the end as immediately after the first there was a second, then a third, fourth, and even a fifth shockwave hitting him and causing his body to sink into the ground.

Rumble...!!!!

Bai Zemin felt the snow under his feet sinking slightly deeper and deeper and the skies rumbling loudly. It wasn't until almost a full minute later that he finally felt everything start to calm down and he slowly straightened his posture to observe the surroundings.

Bai Zemin's face was slightly pale.

If not for the fact that his Solitude's Armor of Infinite Trials had two options that served to reduce the damage of the shockwaves by 30% and double Bai Zemin's physical and magical defense when he was fighting alone on the battlefield he would definitely have suffered wounds after being hit fiercely several times by the remnant power of the explosion.

When Bai Zemin looked around, the first thing he noticed was that all the snow within a range of at least 5 kilometers around him seemed to have disappeared. Another thing he noticed was that his eyes could now see much farther than before as the temperature had risen high enough to clear the snowflakes and clouds from the sky.

Several snow-capped mountains that were in the surrounding area had disappeared or had collapsed to the point where they were nothing more than slight elevations barely above ground level.

The power of the Crimson Blood Judgment skill was truly horrifying. Bai Zemin hadn't even tried his best but the level of destruction was already so high.... However, remembering what his then weaker version in Oblon World had caused when he gave his all to boost the power of Crimson Blood Judgment beyond the limits, Bai Zemin made a vow to never use that skill to its fullest capacity unless he had no other choice.

The power of the Crimson Blood Judgment skill was already too high... But for an instant, Bai Zemin could not help but feel the sudden desire to want to evolve the skill to the next Order since he had the required number of Third Order Soul Stones.

[You have obtained the Soul Power of Third Order Artic*no level 151....]

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3