Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 864 Legend Grade Treasure & Demons'Cruelty

Despite the fact that the Artic*no's Agility was unmatched and its magic attack power was extraordinary, its defense was as poor as that of any other feathered or furred mutant beast. Precisely because its defense was low, the level 151 bird lost its life immediately when it was hit by such a terrifying skill.

To Bai Zemin's surprise, the Third Order Aric*no not only dropped a Third Order Soul Stone after the total destruction of its body right after being hit head-on by the Crimson Blood Judgment that Bai Zemin threw at it but also dropped a feather.

"Is this the tail feather?"

"That seems to be the case, though it got shrunk."

"There's probably a reason for that, look at the records first."

"I'm on it."

[Feather of the Frozen End (Treasure grade Legend): When worn by a bird-like beast or added to a piece of equipment, the effects of the Feather of Frozen End go into immediate effect. Effect: Increases the power of ice-type skills by 20% and reduces the Mana consumption when activating an ice-type skill by 25%. All stats +200 when the wearer possesses at least 5 ice-type skills].

Bai Zemin gasped in shock and his grip on the feather tightened automatically.

Jesus! A Legend grade treasure had just fallen into his hands without him expecting it at all!

Bai Zemin had entered this dungeon to fight for the chance to obtain a hopefully high-grade treasure, but little did he expect that even before he reached where the treasure was born he would obtain so many treasures and resources capable of taking anyone's breath away!

In fact, even if Bai Zemin simply decided to quietly leave without fighting for the treasure that caused the formation of this dungeon, his gains were more than enough to make the 8 days he spent inside worth it thousands of times more!

Seeing Bai Zemin freeze and feeling his heartbeat suddenly become irregular, Lilith frowned slightly and reached out her index finger to touch the tip of the beautiful icy blue feather.

However, before she could touch the object, Bai Zemin seemed to wake up and hurriedly put the feather away in his storage ring without letting the records manifest for her.

"... What are you doing?" Lilith looked at him puzzled and confused.

"This..." Bai Zemin hesitated before quickly saying the first thing that came to his mind, "That feather is actually a mana storage container, you can save mana inside."

"..." Lilith looked at him suspiciously and after a brief pause pointed out, "If that's the case then why did you put it away in such a hurry when I was about to touch it?"

"It's because just at that time I was in the process of connecting to the feather so that the mana container would be attached to me, I was afraid that something would happen in the process if you suddenly touched the feather... that's why I subconsciously put it away." Bai Zemin said without even thinking about his words.

"Aham..." Lilith was still suspicious about Bai Zemin's strange attitude but temporarily decided to leave it at that for now, she would raise questions about it later.

Bai Zemin sighed relieved in his heart. It was a good thing that Lilith had not seen the records of the Feather of the Frozen End, because he had plans for that feather.

Although it was a Legend grade treasure, unfortunately, it was of no use to Bai Zemin at all since despite being intended for combat it was only focused on soul evolvers with strong ice skills.

Even if Bai Zemin wanted to benefit from the stats it granted he would first have to learn 5 ice-type skills, something that would definitely not be happening considering that he had a greater affinity for fire and lightning than ice not to mention the fact that he would not be willing to spend 5 precious skill slots of scroll skills that did not fit his path.

Since the Legend grade treasure wasn't good for him, Bai Zemin decided its owner right away.

'Still... 200 points to each stat, 1200 stat points in total. As expected of a Legend grade treasure!'

Suddenly, Bai Zemin began to feel even more enthusiasm and curiosity towards this dungeon's treasure.

* * *

A week later.

"Finally out of that damn snowy area!"

Bai Zemin raised both arms to the sky and shouted his joy regardless of whether he was exposed or not.

He had been in that icy biome for 8 whole days and was about to go crazy! Although Bai Zemin did not know if in the other three cardinal points of the dungeon the biome and the monsters were the same as what he had experienced, what he did know was that the number of competitors for the treasure was now much smaller.

During the past few days, Bai Zemin found the frozen corpses of at least 300 soul evolvers, and among them, there was no shortage of humans. The only thing that relieved him was that among the frozen corpses he did not find any familiar faces, so even though he was a bit worried, Bai Zemin managed to continue his route without any problems.

The only thing that relieved but at the same time made him feel disappointed was the fact that the Artic*no he killed during the second day on that biome seemed to be the only one in that area or at least it was a rarity among rarities since Bai Zemin did not come across another one. The enemies in that area were another type of snow and ice type p*kem*n, all of them were First Order level 50 creatures.

Those snow-type monsters dropped an item called Rank 2 Ice Pearl, and similar to the Rank 2 Lightning Pearl, it served to raise the level of an ice-type skill by +1 as long as one consumed 10 Ice Pearls consecutively in the same day. Of course, the skill had to be below the Second Order or there would be no effect at all even if one consumed 1000 pearls.

After more than half a month of being inside the dungeon, Bai Zemin faced a new type of biome. This biome was a mix between desert and grassland as there was a lot of dry land with nothing in sight but there were many mountains with trees and grass surrounding them.

Bai Zemin had barely been in the new territory for about thirty minutes when he suddenly heard the unmistakable sound of an explosion coming from up ahead.

He stopped for a moment, and after a brief pause of consideration decided to go and take a look just in case.

...

BOOOM!!!!

A thunderous explosion shook the earth and the two soul evolvers that clashed with a mighty collision of swords recoiled.

One of them was a demon, a demon with the face of a snake but a viped body as robust as that of a rhinoceros. His name was Orzon and he ranked 9th among the demon generals of the demon race, his main weapon was a large heavy sword.

As for the enemy the demon faced, it turned out to be a human. However, the curious thing about this human was that its entire body seemed to be encased in futuristic-looking golden armor and even its swords were actually golden sabers. Judging by the design of the armor, this human was a male.

The human was forced to retreat more than 50 meters while Orzon only 30; the difference was more than obvious.

However, the human was not interested in continuing to fight against the demon general as he turned and tried to head to a specific place as if he was in a hurry for something. Unfortunately, the demon general was not only stronger but also faster so it didn't take him long to catch up.

"Kekekekeke... To think that strange armor can boost your power so much and allow you to fight me for so long even though you're just a little Second Order riffraff." Orzon chuckled and used his long tongue to lick his lips.

The demon general didn't seem eager to attack for some reason either.

"Bastard!!!" The human in armor roared furiously as he knew the reason why the demon general simply wanted to obstruct his path instead of actually killing him.

His name was Gu Lim and he came from a very humble family from the Preson Kingdom to the west of Eventide World. Gu Lim's talent was not very high and on his own he would never have reached his current level using normal methods, however, from a very young age he was good at mixing with technology and mechanics so after many years of hard work and effort he managed to create a combat suit armor that over time he improved as he found better materials; it was only thanks to his armor that he had reached level 67 at the age of 27.

The problem was that his armor in its maximum condition, despite allowing him to fight a demon general for a brief period of time, drained too much energy and soon the core that was a Second Order Soul Stone would be depleted!RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

Gu Lim looked past the demon general Orzon, about 600 meters ahead was another demon general.

This demon general was much more powerful than Orzon and Gu Lim knew that he could not defeat Orzon not to mention the demon general beyond. However, Gu Lim still decided to step forward when he saw what was about to happen; he would rather die than let the demons have their way when the victim involved was a woman of his race, a human!

"Kigdraug!!! Kigdraug!!! BASTARD!!!"

Under the helmet of his armor, Gu Lim's eyes were bloodshot and without hesitation he pushed forward again only to be stopped once more by the demon general Orzon.

"You stay there and wait, restless boy!" The bull-headed demon general, Kigdraug, licked the white swan neck of the woman under his body who was struggling to free herself as he said with depraved lust, "As soon as I am done with this woman I will see to it that I rip off every limb of you slowly."

Kigdraug's large right hand was squeezing the girl's throat hard enough to keep her from screaming but not hard enough to kill her. He saw those beautiful eyes filled with horror looking back at him and couldn't help but smile proudly, "Beautiful princess, I told you you would be mine, do you remember? I'm just keeping my promise."

Princess Bianca looked into the big bull eyes of the demon general Kigdraug and her blue eyes were covered with tears that fell down her beautiful face without stopping for a second. She couldn't move or scream, she couldn't even kill herself because of the overwhelming power difference between her and her captor.

Even if Bianca would rather kill herself than let a demon stain her purity, she didn't have the power! Even though she had worked so hard and had left the safety of her castle, stubbornly insisting her father and mother to come to the dungeon in search of strength.... Although she had finally managed to reach the Second Order recently, it wasn't enough at all!

Hearing the sound of her dress being ripped apart bit by bit, Bianca closed her eyes causing tears to fall even harder than before. She tried to bite her tongue but she couldn't even move her jaw.... Thousands of thoughts and images ran through her head.

Bianca used to be indifferent to love or similar feelings, she had always thought that she would marry a talented and powerful prince of a great kingdom who would make honor to her title as the most beautiful young woman in the world as well as her status as princess of the Lidora Kingdom. She was proud, arrogant, and looked down on anyone who did not have high-level blood. However, recently she had rethought many things in her life and her attitude towards others after the events in Gales.

The heart of the princess of the Lidora Kingdom was filled with bitterness as if a snake had bitten it. She was just trying to turn over a new leaf and become a better person but just at that moment life seemed to decide to punish her in the worst way, a way that was even worse than death itself.

Soon, Bianca's magic robe was completely torn by Kigdraug's powerful hands and the wind made her skin bristle even more than it already was due to the fear and the feeling of humiliation she felt.

Kigdraug looked at the porcelain smooth white skin of the woman underneath his body and could not help but lick his lips. He enjoyed human beauties very much not only because they were relatively more beautiful than females of the demon race usually but Kigdraug also enjoyed their expressions of terror so he took his time with them.

Especially with a top-quality product like the one he had just coincidentally caught.

"This brother, please lend a hand here!"

The anxious yet slightly hopeful voice of the annoying armored human made Kigdraug's movements stop for a moment. His eyes widened slightly in surprise at the sight of a silhouette charging towards him with an expression brimming with fury.

At the same time, the eyes of the princess of the Lidora Kingdom opened abruptly when she heard the words of the human man who had jumped in to help her and the only reason she had not yet been tarnished.

"You demons are truly the lowest and vilest creatures I have ever met in my entire life! Kigdraug, I have come to take your dog's head!!!"

The princess's eyes finally gleamed with hope at the sound of that voice.

However, how could Bianca not recognize that voice? The owner of that voice was the main reason why she had rethought so many things about her past attitude and had decided to change for the better!

That voice was absolutely unmistakable to Bianca, even if she was reduced to ashes she was confident she would recognize the man owner of that voice!

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3