Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 865 Bai Zemin lvl 50 vs Demon GeneralKigdraug lvl 156

When Bai Zemin arrived at a clearing a few seconds later, replete with craters and shattered trees from the ongoing battle or some other previous battle, what he saw made his blood begin to boil to the point that for a brief second he worried for his own safety.

This was the first time Bai Zemin had ever been so angry other than when one of his loved ones was in danger or hurt.

Bai Zemin's anger at present had even surpassed his anger towards Emperor Thanath and the asura race!

"This brother, please lend a hand here!"

Bai Zemin heard the anxious and even pleading voice of the human warrior who was trying to break through the perimeter of the snake-headed demon general to help Princess Bianca who had practically been stripped of all her clothes at this moment.

However, the other party didn't know that even if he didn't ask for help Bai Zemin didn't plan to walk out of here without taking the heads of the two demons!

BANG!

The ground beneath his feet exploded and dozens of cracks spread out everywhere as his body turned into a fuzzy blur.

When his eyes met the slightly surprised but lustful eyes of the bull-headed demon general, Bai Zemin's anger finally burst out completely.

"You demons are truly the lowest and vilest creatures I have ever met in my entire life! Kigdraug, I have come to take your dog's head!!!"

This was the second time Bai Zemin wanted to annihilate a race so badly! He was willing to bear the sin if it meant preventing such pests from spreading more and causing incommensurable suffering!

"Kakakaka!" Kigdraug stood up not before slapping Princess Bianca and knocking her unconscious. "To think that I couldn't find you for two weeks even though I actively searched for you but you actually sent you to me! Very good!!!"

Kigdraug's eyes filled with murderous intent as he grabbed his giant axe and charged forward instead of waiting for his enemy to reach him.

"Bull Rush!"

Kigdraug's body moved forward so fast that his Agility surpassed Bai Zemin's by almost double for a brief instant. His enemies were always taken by surprise by this move!

However, Kigdraug was shocked when his horns struck nothing but air. Suddenly, he sensed great danger from his back and a flash of disbelief shone in his pupils.

"Crimson Flame!!!"

BOOM!!!!

[Critical Hit!]

Kigdraug's body was sent flying over 400 meters after being hit directly in the back by Annihilation of the Falling Sky in its greatsword form.

After hitting Kigdraug by taking him by surprise using Shadow Blink to appear in his shadow, Bai Zemin immediately activated Crimson Flash Lightning and his Agility shot up as he dashed after the demon general without giving him time to react.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!!!

Kigdraug's body slammed ferociously into the ground four times leaving large holes in the process before he managed to stop himself using the strength of his legs and hand. He had barely managed to get to his feet when he heard the crackling of lightning and the wind howling around him.

Kigdraug's natural sense of danger activated automatically and together with his several centuries of combat experience he managed to raise his giant axe diagonally right where his enemy would hit in an instant.

Bai Zemin's expression was fierce. Seeing that his attack would not hit the enemy's body but would impact against the axe, Bai Zemin released his grip on the weapon and let it continue its course as he chased behind.

BOOOM!!!!

Kigdraug's brows furrowed slightly as he felt a slight numbness in his arms after receiving the enemy attack. His legs slid backwards leaving two long strips on the ground for over 70 meters, but just as he lifted his head, he felt a sharp amount of pain in his abdomen.

BOOM!!!!

As his body was sent flying backwards, Kigdraug managed to catch a glimpse of Bai Zemin slowly retracting his knee.

It's not enough, it's still not enough!

Bai Zemin was determined to make his enemy suffer humiliation and pain he had never experienced in his life!

Swoosh!!!

He reached back and used his own Mana to draw his weapon, save that Annihilation of the Falling Sky was now a golden whip of great length.

Boom!!!!

Kigdraug's body hit a hard surface and a slight sound of pain slipped out of his mouth automatically. Even though his body was incredibly hard and tough so he had no visible wounds, the pain was really unbearable because the other party's attacks were really fierce and vicious!

Just when Kigdraug was planning to move, he noticed that something was wrong.

He could not move!

"What the- Chains?!" Kigdraug tried to break free, but to his frustration, he soon realized that when a chain was shattered by his great physical strength, a new one replaced it immediately.

It was then that the demon general realized that the hard surface he had struck was a crimson wall made of blood!

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!! Bang!!!....

The sound of the wind bursting into pieces as it was blown through something quickly caught Kigdraug's attention, and when he looked forward all he saw was a golden flash before a great amount of sharp pain coming from his chest made him grunt.

Boom!!!!

"You demons like to humiliate and rape females, don't you?!" Bai Zemin swung his right arm with such speed that the golden whip in his hand became a blur leaving superimposed images each time he swung forward.

Boom!!!! Boom!!!! Boom!!!! Boom!!!! Boom!!!! Boom!!!! ....

In just one second, Bai Zemin had struck over 800 times towards making use of all his Agility and Strength!

"Argh!"

Even someone as tenacious and sturdy as Kigdraug couldn't deal with all that immediate pain that hit his nerves and brain in such a short time!

One... Two... Three... Four... Ten seconds...

In just ten seconds, Kigdraug's body had been hit over 8000 times and his skin which was even tougher than diamonds finally began to tear and blood to run down his shredded leather armor!

"LITTLE ANT!!!" Kigdraug finally lost his patience and activated more than 7 skills at once.

BOOM!!!!

The wall of blood exploded next to the chains and all that blood evaporated in an instant as the demon general's body was engulfed by a strange flame aura.

"I won't kill you, I will definitely let you live to see how all your loved ones suffer at my hands!"

Bai Zemin's movements stopped for a brief second upon hearing the demon general's threat, and it was in that brief moment that the now much more powerful Kigdraug managed to close the distance and strike with his battle axe directly into his chest.

BOOOOOOOOM!!!

Bai Zemin's body was sent flying backwards for over half a kilometer before hitting the ground and starting to roll.

"That's it!" The demon general Orzon who had been watching the combat with lingering fear finally managed to sigh in relief as he saw Kigdraug take the lead as it was supposed to be.Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

He had wanted to go to Kigdraug's assistance but the human he had been holding back all this time as if it were a game was now holding him back even at the cost of suffering damage!

Gu Lim knew that the newly arrived human was his only hope of survival along with Princess Bianca, therefore, seeing him in trouble, he tried to go to help.

"Where's the rush, let's dance!"

Of course, Orzon wouldn't let him and the two soon began to fight again causing the earth to shake and split with every clash of their weapons.

Kigdraug was a soul evolver purely focused on melee and his main stats were Strength and Stamina, but as he activated his stronger combat skills, his Agility was nothing to scoff at either.

He chased after but when he was halfway there his steps stopped as he noticed something was wrong with the human.

Bai Zemin slowly stood up, he didn't even seem to feel pain in his chest even though his armor had sunk slightly inward after receiving the fierce attack of a soul evolver above level 150 with the capacity to leap levels thanks to the purity of his Soul Power and skills in sync.

[Blood Berserker's Wrath, first switch has been triggered automatically: Threatens loved ones].

[Pain receptors are blocked. Increases all stats by +400 points naturally].

[Secondary effect '10% loss of rationality' is weakened by the effect of your Brillian Mind title].

[Secondary effect '10% loss of rationality' is weakened by the passive effect of your Immovable Heart skill].

Weirdly, even though the most terrifying skill within Bai Zemin's arsenal had been triggered, he did not feel any kind of loss of rationality but suddenly calmed down.

Bai Zemin casually spat out the blood in his mouth and looked at Kigdraug with his eyes now as red as the blood he had just spat out.

When his big eyes met those two cold red eyes, Kigdraug's sense of danger began to shoot up much more strongly than before. However, his anger was too high to pay attention to it.

"Die!" Kigdraug did not hesitate to charge forward and raise his axe high as he shouted at the top of his lungs, "Radical Strike!"

Seeing the incoming attack, Bai Zemin simply moved his body slightly to the left with his eyes still fixed on the demon general's eyes.

BOOOOOOOOM!!!

The giant axe struck the ground just an inch from Bai Zemin's foot. The earth split and sank, causing both Bai Zemin's and Kigdraug's bodies to sink together along with the rumbling ground.

Swoosh! Swoosh!

Bai Zemin extended both hands forward at lightning speed and before Kigdraug could step back he felt two firm pincer-like grips grasping at his two horns.

Swoosh!

Kigdraug was forced to lean forward and down as he was suddenly pulled by the horns. Before his wide eyes, the enemy's knee from which protruded a terrifying-looking blade grew larger and larger.

BOOOM!!!

"AHHHH!!!"

Followed by an explosion that expelled all the air from around the center of the impact outward as a shockwave form, a blood-chilling shriek echoed within the destroyed forest.

"MY EYE! MY EYE!"

As Kigdraug wailed over the loss of his right eye, another knee strike struck him.

BOOOM!!!

[Critical Hit!]

"ARGH!!!"

The new pain seemed to awaken the demon general who in a fit of rage tried to free himself, and seeing that his enemy's hands were as hard as steel, he began to use his giant fists to fiercely punch the human's ribs with the intention of forcing him to let go of his horns.

Kigdraug's punches were truly terrifying considering his Strength was currently over 650 points. However, Bai Zemin did not feel any pain at all, therefore, he continued to use his knee to strike upwards while using his hands to force the demon general Kigdraug's head downwards.

BOOOM!!!!

BOOM!!!!

BOOOOM!!!!

BOOOM!!!!

...

For a full minute, Orzon and Gu Lim who had been fighting fiercely seemed to tactically decide to separate. The two looked on with pallid faces at what appeared to be a confrontation between two madmen.

Every time Kigdraug's heavy punches landed on the sides of Bai Zemin's body, the latter's body trembled slightly. However, the power behind his knee strikes was far from decaying in contrast to Kigdraug's punches which were getting weaker with every attack he took.

After five minutes and seeing that Kigdraug's attacks had become nothing more than caresses since they did not even cause blasts, Orzon did not hesitate to turn around and run away.

Unfortunately for him, this time it was Gu Lim who didn't want to let him go.

"Hahahaha! What's the rush, oh, great demon general?! Let's dance!"

"Damn human, since you are so eager to die then let me send you on your way!"

"Today, the great demon general Kigdraug and Orzon will fall before us, humans! Let the entire demon race know the consequences of acting so rampantly!"

Although Gu Lim was in a clear disadvantage, his attacks were no joke at all, and more than a few times he managed to hit Orzon and inflict wounds on his sturdy body. The two were like shadows flashing across the battlefield, one mainly chasing and the other trying to escape even though it was the weaker one who was chasing.

After about 10 minutes, Kigdraug's attacks had completely stopped and his arms fell helplessly to his sides.

[Critical Hit!]

With a final knee strike, half of the demon general's head caved in, its hard skull cracked, and the scythe belonging to a Third Order weaver ant on Bai Zemin's knee finally turned the brain into mush.

[You have received the Soul Power of Third Order Kigraug level 156.....]

Bai Zemin slowly loosened his grip on the demon general's horns and took a step to the side as he watched the corpse of his enemy slump to the ground raising dust in the process.

"If there is next life then you better remember not to threaten my loved ones again, you fucking dog that barks but has no strength to bite."

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3