Chapter 866 Dark Mist

Gu Lim was stunned as he stared at the body of the demon general Kigdraug on the ground, lifeless, with his head sunk inward and purple blood running free in his surroundings.

The demon general Kigdraug, the third most powerful soul evolver of the entire demon race if one did not include the Demon Lord... was killed? Gu Lim could not believe it even though he had witnessed the battle and was seeing the now weakened body after the loss of most of its records.

However, a few seconds later, reality slowly began to be accepted by his brain.

Gu Lim's grip on his two laser swords tightened and his whole body began to tremble. His eyes turned bloodshot red as he stared intently at the body of the demon general and didn't even bother to contain his joy and ecstasy.

"NOW THAT'S WHAT I CALL A GOOD KILL, FUCK HIS MOTHER!!!"

Gu Lim hated demons because he knew how cruel and bloodthirsty they were; they sometimes simply killed for the simple sake of enjoying the suffering of others and raped females of all races with their favorite being human females. However, Gu Lim mainly hated the Demon Lord and the ten demon generals who were the real reason why the demon race behaved in such a way.

Kigdraug's outrageous acts were widely known throughout Eventide World, the number of families that were destroyed under the hands of the bull-headed demon general was too high to be counted and the number of women who committed suicide after being defiled was even higher.

Unfortunately, Kigdraug was simply too powerful, and even the kings of kingdoms preferred to avoid clashing with him as long as the safety of the entire kingdom was not harmed. Therefore, he had done as he pleased... Until today!

That damned bastard Kigdraug had finally gotten what he deserved! Finally someone with the balls and the strength to put an end to his arrogance and put an end to his cruelty with even more cruelty!

BANG!

Hearing the sound of a bang near him, Gu Lim turned around and anxiously shouted, "Shit!!!"

He was so happy and excited about the demon general Kigdraug's death and the fact that he could go on living that he ended up neglecting the demon general Orzon!

Gu Lim ignored the pain in his body and his wounds, he pushed his speed to the limit in an attempt to catch up but under his eyes filled with fury and frustration all he could see was Orzon getting further and further away to the point where he would soon escape his line of sight completely!

Just at that moment, Gu Lim felt a great fluctuation of magic from the sky. The magic fluctuation was so great that his footsteps subconsciously stopped and his face turned white as he realized that the attack being charged had more than enough force to kill him 1000 times over if he was hit!

He raised his head abruptly and there he saw him; his human companion who had appeared at the most correct moment of all was now in the sky barely being pulled by the gravitational force of the world while holding a spear surrounded by blue flames.

Bai Zemin narrowed his eyes and kept silent for a few seconds while looking at the back of the demon general Orzon. After carefully calculating the throwing trajectory and making calculations to deduce the enemy's next location based on his current speed and based on his throwing force, as well as the dungeon's gravitational force which was the same as Eventide World's, Bai Zemin finally swung his right arm fiercely forward and threw the spear with all his Strength.

Crimson Blood Judgment had a cooldown time of seven days and had just recently come off cooldown but he was already using it again!

More than 2 kilometers away, the demon general Orzon who was running for his life still feeling disbelief at the death of the third most powerful demon general of his entire race suddenly felt a chill running down his back.

Orzon abruptly turned around and opened his mouth wide as he anxiously shouted the activation of one of his most powerful skills.

"Dark Breath!"

Dark black flames shot out from the demon general Orzon's snake-like mouth and just like the breath of a true dragon flew into the sky at lightning speed.

RUMBLE...!!!

For an instant, the blue fire spear was stopped by the black flame breath, however, that stalemate was becoming harder to endure for the demon general Orzon as even after having consumed 70% of his total Mana the blue fire spear continued its slow but sure descent!

"You damn demon scum! Do a favor to the world and die!!"

The pupils of the snake-headed demon general shrank to the size of needles as the enraged roar of the human in the sky shook his entire world. Suddenly, the magic power of the spear engulfed by blue flames sharply increased, and his dark flame breath was immediately torn apart as the spear cut it in two.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!

RUMBLE!!!!!

...

"Ugh, fuck!" Gu Lim was immediately hit by the first shockwave and automatically spat out blood as his body flew backwards.

Gu Lim quickly struggled to his feet under the constant tremor of the ground that seemed to shake as if an earthquake of the highest degree was striking the entire world before dashing off in the opposite direction of the explosion.

BOOM!!! BOOM!!!

Gu Lim's body was hit by two more shockwaves and again spat out blood as he stumbled. His face was pale as a sheet and despite the pain and the urge to faint he dared not stop, because when he looked over his shoulder, his heart grew full of fear as he saw that everything of what had previously been there was now gone and had been consumed by what appeared to be a world of blue flames that kept spreading.

Unfortunately, the Second Order Soul Stone that Gu Lim was using as the main power source for his combat suit armor was already old and worn out, therefore, when he pushed his movement speed far beyond his normal Agility stat, the drain finally reached its peak.

Under Gu Lim's shocked eyes, the Soul Stone on the armor's chest turned to dust after exploding. The weight on his body immediately increased, his strength plummeted, and his movement speed greatly decreased. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Bang!!!

The sudden change of pace coupled with the shaking of the ground caused Gu Lim to be unable to stand upright, his body fell and rolled on the ground for several tens of meters before coming to a stop.

Just before he was swallowed by the blue flames and just as his eyes were closing from both mental and physical exhaustion, Gu Lim sighed in relief and with fear lingering in his heart. The last image he saw was that of all the blue flames flying into the sky, gathering and dancing around the young soul evolver who seemed to float among the clouds.

Truly... That image would remain engraved in his memory probably until the day of his death.

...

Bai Zemin deactivated Gravity Manipulation when he was a short distance from the ground. The color of his eyes had returned to normal as he killed the cause why the first switch of Blood Berserker's Wrath skill was triggered.

"Ugh..." He couldn't help but grunt slightly and frown.

Now that the pain receptors in his body had been activated again, the pain of being mercilessly beaten by the demon general Kigdraug's fists naturally began to take its toll on him.

If not for his high-quality equipment and high natural physical defense, Bai Zemin's current injuries would not be light but would definitely be in the medium grade at the very least. After all, he had taken over 10,000 punches to the rib and abdomen area from a level 156 soul evolver!

Even if they were just normal punches, Kigdraug's Strength was undoubtedly frighteningly high.

"Zemin, are you okay?"

"It's just physical pain, don't worry my little succubus." Bai Zemin nodded and slowly began to move towards Bianca.

"She's fine, she just lost consciousness." Lilith said looking at the naked princess with a complicated expression on her face, "Though, I wonder if she'll be able to keep her mental state healthy once she wakes up."

"Well... she was almost raped by that fucking beast." Bai Zemin sighed and took out a large sheet from his storage ring.

He covered the body of the princess of the Pralan Kingdom and lifted her up before walking towards the golden-armored human.

"For now we can only do this much for her.... As for the rest, I'm afraid it's out of our hands."

"I guess you're right."

Bai Zemin gently laid Princess Bianca's body on the ground next to the man in golden armor. He looked at the armor and couldn't help but be curious.

"This thing looks like an armor used by knights but it's clearly advanced technology, there are even several circuits all over it." He squatted down and with great difficulty found a way to pull the helmet off.

"Oh? He looks quite young, under 30 probably." Bai Zemin was a little surprised to see that the other party was so young.

He was slowly learning to discern the real age of people based on their appearance and levels. Of course, this also depended on the purity of the other party's Soul Power which made it more complicated and closer to an approximation of the real age than the real age itself.

Bai Zemin picked up Kigdraug's giant axe which was actually a Rank 3 forged weapon with over 9500 physical attack points and good Options. It was an excellent heavy weapon for soul evolvers focused on Strength, Zhong De or Nangong Yi would surely put this giant axe to good use.

He found a Soul Stone in Kigdraug's head but unfortunately, the demon general Orzon did not have one, at least, however, he had dropped a scroll with the skill Dark Mist.

--------

[Dark Mist (Second Order active skill) level 1: Releases a powerful mist around you that will weaken all enemies trapped within the mist. Enemies within Dark Mist will suffer weak attacks, blindness, and mana corruption. Consumes 50 mana points per second after activating and has no cooldown time].

[Weak Attack: reduces the power of physical attacks by 10%].

[Blindness: obstructs the vision of enemies whose level does not exceed the user's by more than 10].

[Mana Corruption: magic skills of the same Order of the skill or lower will have a 20% chance to fail. Loses 1% of mana every second].

--------

"Good skill!" Bai Zemin's eyes lit up at the description of the skill and its effects.

He decided to keep the skill Dark Mist to himself. He would learn it when he finally became a Second Order soul evolver along with the skill Life Drain after his slots for learning skills from scrolls expanded to 20 slots from the current 5.

The more he thought about it, the more Bai Zemin realized what kind of anomaly he was.

"Damn it, I have almost three times the number of active skills that a First Order existence should have."

"... You're finally realizing the fact that you're an irregularity?" Lilith was speechless. "You thought it's a normal thing for someone level 50 to be able to handle soul evolvers above level 150? Not everyone has a magic skill destructive enough to wipe out the life of a Third Order powerhouse with a single strike!"

"Hahaha, I guess I really am that awesome after all!"

"... I'll really beat you up."

Bai Zemin looked at the surroundings several times before scratching his head and saying in bewilderment, "Now.... How am I supposed to carry these two?"

He wouldn't have to carry two unconscious people the whole way or would he? Although Bai Zemin wasn't cruel enough to leave two humans lying on the street knowing that the dungeon was fraught with danger, carrying two dead weights didn't sound like a good plan for him either.

Since Gu Lim seemed to be kind enough to risk his life for a fellow human, Bai Zemin would give him a few points for that. As for Princess Bianca... although he didn't have a good impression of her, what he saw made him subconsciously want to at least let her calm down a bit before leaving her on her own.

Just as he was in a dilemma, a shadow that partially covered the sun flew over his head and as he raised his face Bai Zemin was taken aback before laughing heartily.

Bai Zemin remembered seeing this flying mount before, and apart from the Demon Lord's mount, it was the one that left the biggest impression on him. Moreover, this mount was Gu Lim's, Bai Zemin remembered it clearly now that he saw it again.

"Winged mouse friend, you have come just at a good time!"

That's right.

A large black mouse with white wings slowly descended from the sky and stopped beside Gu Lim.

Seeing the giant black mouse using its nose to gently move Gu Lim's body as if asking him to get up quickly, Bai Zemin finally sighed in relief now that the problem of how to carry the two people had been solved.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3