Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 869 Bai Zemin vs Purple Flame Wwyvern(Part 1)

Approximately 12 hours passed since the night Bai Zemin found Kat on the brink of death, feeling and watching the young girl's life slipping away to death like water through his fingers without him being able to do anything to stop the process.

"Big brother, be careful! Those monsters are on their way to you now!"

"I got it covered!"

"Oops! Crap, I missed one! Princess, that sucker is heading your way now!"

"Gu Lim, are you stupid?! You only have to hold off a few hundred stone drakes but you can't even do that much? Learn from Bai Zemin some more!"

"..."

The group of three advanced towards the center of the world, straight towards the silver-colored tower that rose into the clouds in an imposing manner.

About 5 or 6 hours ago, the tame flying-type mutant beasts had stopped flying for some reason. Without Gu Lim's giant winged mouse to carry them, the group of three had no choice but to move forward on their own two feet.

To raise their levels and gain some treasures along the way, Bai Zemin proposed to separate sufficiently so that each of them had their own monsters to hunt but not far enough apart that they could not come to each other's aid if something bad happened. Besides, being so close to each other and with their voices communicating, anyone would realize that they were together, therefore, the other soul evolvers would think twice before deciding to trouble them.

The monsters they were currently facing were a large group of stone golems that could be dragons or giant snakes with a big stone horn in the center of their foreheads. Of course, they were also p*kem*ns, but probably only Bai Zemin knew that.

This stone golem was actually On*x, which was a giant rock snake and they were all between level 40 and 50. Although their movement speed was not particularly high when compared to others, this large rock snake could move underground and although their attack was not too scary their defense was something else not to mention the fact that they could disappear under the earth to quickly heal themselves by absorbing rocks and then return to the surface to continue fighting.

After about a day of fighting practically without rest, Bai Zemin for the first time since he arrived in this world felt relatively comfortable teaming up with other people.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

He was used to existences at the level of Wu Yijun, Chen He, Feng Tian Wu, Nangong Lingxin, Fu Xuefeng, Zhong De and others who possessed talent but above all were vicious when it came to making a move. Surprisingly, even the princess of the Lidora Kingdom was fierce with her magic attacks and even received some minor injuries when she was surrounded by several On*x, which made her enraged and attack with greater ferocity instead of flinching.

Sitting on a fallen tree trunk in front of a campfire, Bai Zemin was looking at the ash grey rock in his hand while Bianca prepared tonight's dinner and Gu Lim fed his giant winged mouse.

[Obriantine (Rank 2): A special ore that can only occasionally be found in dry territories and on earth-type monsters with rock bodies above level 45. This mineral can be surprisingly used to forge equipment but its greatest advantage lies in building large structures as it feeds off the world's mana to self-repair].

Bai Zemin kept the ore in his storage ring, feeling incredibly grateful for the fact that he decided to team up with Gu Lim and the princess of the Lidora Kingdom. While his storage ring had a good amount of space inside, most of that space was already in use with treasures, weapons, food, Soul Stones, skill scrolls, mutant plants, ores, etc; it was simply impossible for Bai Zemin to store the large amount of Obriantine he obtained from killing the On*x during the day.

Fortunately, Bai Zemin had Gu Lim's giant winged mouse that despite being a rodent-like mutant creature whose specialty was Agility was actually capable of carrying a lot of weight. The winged mouse was wearing huge mutant beast skins tied around its body and was being used to carry at least 6 or 7 tons of Obriantine in blood carts. Even if its movement speed dropped to the point where the group of three had to move slowly so that the mouse could keep up with them, Bai Zemin was not going to give up on an ore that could be used to build walls or houses when he returned to China.

* * *

The next day.

Bai Zemin, Bianca, and Gu Lim were at the top of a vast canyon covered by mountains and giant trees. In fact, it had been pure coincidence that the three of them were heading to this well-hidden area that no one would go to unless by pure accident since there was nothing special to catch their attention; on the contrary, it would probably be avoided since mountains and forests were good places to get ambushed.

"Holy fuck, isn't that the Demon Lord's mount?!" Gu Lim whispered under his breath as he looked ahead with wide eyes.

Bianca's face was slightly pale and the feeling of fear could be seen in her eyes as she looked at the large green clearing at the bottom of the canyon, right in the center.

There, a large building at least 50 meters high and 1000 meters long and wide built with some kind of white stones was hidden and silent by the surrounding nature. From the outside, the building looked like an ancient mausoleum or museum where antiques were displayed next to two large statues of warriors with swords next to the entrance, each measuring about 20 meters high.

Resting comfortably on its large stomach, lying down seemingly enjoying the sunlight, a large dragon-like beast guarded the entrance to the building. The aura of its body was one thing but the sight of its large size and jet black scales along with its ferocious face were definitely more than enough to make anyone think twice before deciding to approach and cause problems.

Bai Zemin narrowed his eyes and a strange light flashed in his pupils, no one knew what he was thinking.

"I- It is said that the strength of the Purple Flame Wyvern is comparable to that of the most powerful demon general of the demon race, which would put it on equal footing with the strongest kings of kingdom in our world." Princess Bianca said with lingering fear.

Even as she lay on the ground more than a kilometer away, the ferocity and murderous intent that leaked from every pore of the Purple Flame Wyvern's body was more than enough to give goosebumps to the bravest of the bravest.

The three remained crouched at the top of the canyon as they looked down in silence, each with different thoughts.

After a few minutes of deathly silence in which the only sound other than their breaths was the occasional growl of some closer beast, Gu Lim finally noticed that something in Bai Zemin's expression was not right.

"Big brother?"

Princess Bianca also seemed to notice something. She turned to look at him just in time to see Bai Zemin slowly rising to his feet.

"G- Get down quickly! If the Purple Flame Wyvern sees you it will not only attack you but could also draw the Demon Lord!" She was beginning to panic.

The mount alone was already so terrifying and powerful, Bianca had no desire to face the owner of the mount!

Fighting the Demon Lord? It was no different than courting death itself!

Although Bianca and Gu Lim knew that Bai Zemin was powerful, neither of them thought for even a second that he would be able to contend against the Demon Lord!

However, the thinking of both of them was completely normal and natural. At the end of the day, Bai Zemin had only recently made a name for himself while the Demon Lord had been at the top of Eventide World for centuries. It was impossible for any logical person to put a rising star on equal footing with a star already established high in the sky.

"You two should get away from here."

Bianca and Gu Lim's eyes widened and their pupils trembled as they watched Bai Zemin slowly walk up to the edge of the vast canyon.

"B- Big brother, you..." Gu Lim stammered and subconsciously tensed as he realized what the young man in front of him was thinking.

"You..." Bianca looked at Bai Zemin's back and whispered in shock, "You're really going to go fight the Demon Lord?! Are you crazy?! You will die! Don't do it please!"

Bai Zemin had become an important existence to both Bianca and Gu Lim. He had not only saved their lives but had treated them kindly despite being so powerful and talented, not to mention the fact that it was thanks to him that the two of them had managed to keep advancing so much in the past few days.

It was naturally impossible for them to feel at ease now that they knew what he was planning!

"Who will die or who will live.... That's something we won't know until later."

Bai Zemin opened his right hand as his arm hung casually at the side of his body. The mana inside his body moved at his will and the Liquid Storage Pearl that was in his storage ring began to release purple blood belonging to a general demon.

The blood came out of the storage ring and under his will it quickly molded into his grip, soon becoming an exquisite neon purple majestic spear.

This was the first time Bianca and Gu Lim saw Bai Zemin openly manipulating the blood, the two were surprised as they could sense from the aura of the spear that it was definitely comparable to a weapon forged with at the very least 4000 physical attack points!

Bai Zemin looked at the mausoleum-style building and at the Purple Flame Wyvern with cold eyes as the records of his new skill, or rather, newly evolved skill flashed in his pupils.

-----------------

[Blazing Punishment of Divine Blood (Fourth Order active skill) level 1: Obliterates, destroys, and annihilates everything in its path leaving nothing behind and erasing existence at the molecular level. Massive destruction skill that does not distinguish between ally, enemy, and even the caster himself. At the same time, however, this skill can be the most reliable ally depending on the lineage and wits of the user. ]

[First activation (Blazing Blood Punishment): Consumes 300 Mana points to activate and requires a blood forged spear along with the power of a Third Order flame or higher to initiate. The damage caused is the sum of the user's magic power, the power of the spear linked to the skill Blood Manipulation, the amount of Mana invested in the creation of the spear, and the caster's Magic stat, all multiplied by 4.]

[Second activation (Divine Blood Punishment): ....]

-----------------

"However."

Bai Zemin moved his left foot slightly forward at the same time as he turned his body sideways and moved his right foot back.

"Guys."

He extended his right arm outward, away from his body and lifted it together with the purple spear in the process.

Swoosh!

Deep blue flames suddenly engulfed the purple spear and began to burn with increasing power at the same time as Bai Zemin consumed another 300 points of Mana to strengthen the weapon's body.

"I definitely have no plans to die any time soon!"

Bai Zemin roared in a low voice at the same time as his arm muscles swelled and he began the throwing motion.

"Blazing Blood Punishment!!"

His words echoed throughout the canyon at the same time as the previously closed eyes of the great Purple Flame Wyvern suddenly opened wide.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3