Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 870 Bai Zemin vs Purple Flame Wyvern(Part 2/2)

The mount of the Demon Lord was a high-level Third Order existence which was why it was unquestionable that the Purple Flame Wyvern had a level of intelligence not at all inferior to that of a fully grown adult human. This was not to mention the fact that as it was a mutant beast, a wyvern at that, its sense of danger and ability to sense murderous intent hovering in the air were simply colossal.

Despite the distance, the temperature of the Endless Blue Lotus Flame was so terrifying that a great part of the canyon experienced abrupt changes in its weather. Furthermore, Bai Zemin had invested about half of his total Mana to create the purple blood spear and strengthen it to the point where it would be the second most powerful spear he created with his Blood Manipulation skill just below the giant spear he made back in Oblon World.

Under such not at all camouflaged and impossible to hide movements, the Purple Flame Wyvern's eyes snapped open. Its large dragon-like head moved to its left and upward immediately noticing the human standing at the edge of the highest part of the canyon.

The Purple Flame Wyvern was a proud and arrogant existence that looked down on everyone except its rider. To it, humans whose bodies were weak even among those of the same level were basically trash and it did not even put the so-called kings of kingdom in its eyes. However, the sense of crisis it felt from the human in the canyon was so great that its body moved before its brain.

Bai Zemin's black eyes met the large reptile eyes of the Purple Flame Wyvern for a split second before he fiercely waved his right arm forward, and when the flaming spear reached the limit, he simply released his grip and let it go.

Boom!!!Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

The sonic blast shattered part of the cannon and Bai Zemin's body began to plummet as the ground beneath his feet fell away.

As he disappeared from Princess Bianca and Gu Lim's line of sight, the two heard his deep voice: "You two, get out of here once and for all and don't be a drag!"

Gu Lim clenched his fists so tightly that his palms began to bleed. He didn't know how Bai Zemin considered him, but to Gu Lim, Bai Zemin was a friend and someone he respected wholeheartedly.

"Fuck!!!"

Not being able to help a friend and knowing that although Bai Zemin's words were harsh they were also true made Gu Lim couldn't help but curse.

"Let's move." He said as he turned around to walk away.

"But, he...!"

"Let's move!!"

Bianca hopped up startled as the fierce roar of the usually calm Gu Lim shook her.

RUMBLE.....!!!!

"Ah!" Bianca cried out in fright and surprise as the entire canyon began to shake.

She turned to look down and saw that the flaming spear was now facing the ferocious breath of purple flames that was such a trademark of the Demon Lord's mighty mount.

BOOM!!! BOOM!!!! BOOM!!!! BOOM!!!!....

In a single second, terrifying explosions shook the clouds in the sky and slowly the entire cannon began to show signs of collapsing just from the momentary pressure of the clash between the two attacks.

"Let's get out of here... This is not a battlefield we can step in." Gu Lim said in a barely audible voice amidst the ongoing disaster.

Without waiting for a response, he began to walk away while pushing his natural Agility to the maximum possible.

Bianca looked back before biting her lower lip so hard that it began to bleed. She whispered something before turning around and beginning to run towards where Gu Lim had just left.

...

RUMBLE!!!!!

The sky shook harder and harder and the earth split into countless pieces. Cracks of building sizes spread across the ground like flood dragons among the clouds and a big part of the canyon lit up in purple and deep blue as Bai Zemin's Blazing Blood Punishment collided with the great wyvern's Breath of Corrupted Flames.

Although Bai Zemin was surprised that the beast reacted so quickly and was able to partially contain his magic attack, he was not surprised enough to not know what to do next.

His body turned into a crimson red flash as countless lightning sparks of blood-colored flashes flickered noisily around his body. He leaped the cracks that appeared under his feet and dodged with great agility the large boulders that fell from all parts of the more and more destroyed grand canyon.

His black eyes were as cold as ice and in his pupils, there was only a silhouette as a sign that his target was more than clear.

The Purple Flame Wyvern roared furiously as it spent more and more Mana trying to push back the magic attack falling from the sky. However, even though its flames were powerful enough to melt the earth without even touching it at all, the flame-wrapped spear still continued its descent with greater and greater might than before.

"Little human ant, don't be so arrogant!"

The rabid roar of the wyvern whose gender was revealed to be male echoed not only inside the big canyon but also spread outwards alerting hundreds of soul evolvers who were approaching toward the center of the dungeon.

Unable to withdraw his attention from the spear in the sky and unable to slow the outflow of magic power and mana to avoid being hit full-on, the Purple Flame Wyvern had no choice but to strike outward with his huge hammer tail.

The wyvern's tail was large enough that Bai Zemin could not dodge it if he wanted to complete his initial goal.

Annihilation of the Falling Sky immediately appeared in his right hand and the next moment the weapon's body was engulfed by crimson flames just before the two physical attacks collided.

BOOOOOOOOM!!!!

The ground split with greater intensity than before and the rumbling in the sky became more violent.

The Purple Flame Wyver's body trembled slightly and some scales on his tail showed signs of cracking. All this while keeping his Breath of Corrupted Flames at maximum power and not daring to neglect the magic attack in the sky.

As for Bai Zemin, his body was sent flying backwards more than 80 meters.

As expected of a dragon relative! Bai Zemin realized that his natural Strength was far from comparable to that of the Purple Flame Wyvern.

"Hah!"

Bai Zemin waved his hand backwards and a wall of blood formed on his back as his body flew down backwards. He turned in midair and forcefully kicked that wall of blood, disintegrating it and changing his course now flying towards the huge wyvern as if he were a cannonball.

The giant beast's golden eyes flashed with surprise and confusion as he suddenly saw two other exactly identical humans appearing, and worst of all, he couldn't immediately identify which one was the real one and which one was fake as he needed to focus heavily on the spear that was now 1/4 of the way to crashing into his body.

The Purple Flame Wyvern swept his tail again in an attempt to hit all three figures at the same time, however, his attack only managed to hit the two that stepped forward and used their fists to strike.

BOOOOM!!!! BOOOOM!!!

The two clones exploded in the face of the wyvern's significantly more powerful attack, however, the physical strength of each clone could also not be underestimated considering that each of them had 30% of Bai Zemin's overall power.

The Purple Flame Wyvern's hammer tail was only held back for a brief moment before continuing its advance towards the real Bai Zemin, however, he took that moment to slide on the ground and when he reached the beast's back he stomped the ground with force and soared over 200 meters in an instant.

A trace of panic finally flashed in the wyvern's eyes. He could not turn his head as he needed to focus his breath skill on the spear or else he would definitely be seriously wounded, therefore, he could not know exactly where the human was!

The Purple Flame Wyvern swung his tail desperately like an uncontrolled whip in an attempt to catch his enemy by a lucky blow. Large craters were formed all over the ground and had it not been for the fact that the large white building seemed to be being protected by something then it would have collapsed long ago.

"Crimson Flame!"

"Endless Blue Lotus Flame!"

Two overpowering roars shook the sky and spread far and wide.

By this point, several soul evolvers climbed into large trees or scaled distant mountains and were watching from a distance what was happening. However, they all gasped in shock when they saw a human fighting against the terrifying mount of the Demon Lord.

Bai Zemin's body began to plummet from the sky, and as he slashed downward with his great golden sword wreathed in purple flames, he roared at the top of his lungs.

"Gravity Manipulation.... x60!!"

Bai Zemin had not only taken his skill Crimson Blood Judgment to the next stage which led the name to change completely but also evolved two other skills the same night Kat passed away.

Between those skills was the skill 'Gravity Manipulation'. However, the power of the skill had increased even more than he estimated it would.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3