Chapter 871 First clash against the Demon Lord

Previously, Bai Zemin's <Gravity Manipulation> skill was a <Second Order skill> not because Bai Zemin did not want to evolve it or because he did not have the resources but the reason was a lot simpler.

The skill <Gravity Manipulation> was too destructive, simple.

Bai Zemin possessed too many destructive skills and attacks in itself, therefore, he was afraid of making a miscalculation with his other skills by adding <Gravity Manipulation> and killing himself or worse yet a loved one.

However, in this kind of circumstance where even Lilith warned him of his future enemy's power, Bai Zemin did not dare to act overconfident and decided to give it his all. Therefore, several hours ago he evolved <Gravity Manipulation> into the next Order along with <Crimson Blood Judgment> whose name was now different after evolving into the <Fourth Order>.

In addition, for the first time, <Gravity Manipulation> now had a second activation.

...

Bai Zemin's body plummeted from the sky as the gravity around him suddenly increased by 6000%. The weight on his body became almost unbearable to the point where he felt a faint sign of pain appear.

However, the one who got the biggest surprise not at all pleasant was undoubtedly the mighty Purple Flame Wyvern.

In the first split second that the greatsword wreathed by purple flames hit his head, the great wyvern opened his eyes wide as a huge wave of pain and dizziness washed over him. However, this was only the beginning of his true nightmare.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

A terrifying explosion shook not only the canyon but also the surroundings followed by a roar that definitely did not express domination or anger but was instead packed with pain and suffering.

The ground shook before sinking several layers as if the earth and stones were disintegrating into dust, the sky rumbled and some of the soul evolvers that were within 2 kilometers around the place where Bai Zemin and the Purple Flame Wyvern clashed were sent flying backwards with blood pouring out of their mouths after being hit by the shockwave that traveled at the speed of sound.

The Purple Flame Wyvern's eyes almost popped out of their sockets as they opened so wide when all the pain was processed by the brain. The creature was unable to fight back at all as his head that stood high in the sky proudly was abruptly sent towards the ground along with the rest of his body.

At the same time as the scales on his head shattered and red blood began to slide through them as his flesh was torn apart, the Purple Flame Wyvern's heart clenched and he finally realized that the pain he was feeling was nothing compared to what was about to come.

SWOOSH!!!

The flame-wrapped spear had finally lost the obstruction of the powerful <Third Order> wyvern's purple flame breath, therefore, without impediment, it continued its descent.

Bai Zemin's most destructive magic attack had not even touched the ground but had already destroyed over 70% of the canyon which at this point was not too different from plain earth!

However, to the Purple Flame Wyvern's confusion and surprise, the flame-wrapped spear didn't hit him.... It was then that the great beast realized that the human who had attacked him had never been aiming at him!

"Die!!!"

Bai Zemin waved his hand towards his back and the flaming spear suddenly changed its course; instead of continuing its straight descent, it turned slightly and flew straight towards the door of the large white building!

Just at that moment, the silhouette of a person had emerged from the building with an expression filled to the brim with anger.

It was the Demon Lord!

The faces of all the soul evolvers in the distance turned pale, however, some of them had glimmers of hope in their eyes as they could sense the terrifying power behind that spear!

"Ar'gon!"

The Demon Lord heard the Purple Flame Wyvern's voice filled with anxiety as if he was warning him of the power that tiny spear contained. However, the Demon Lord did not need that warning as he himself could sense how terrifying the power behind that attack was!

In less than a second from his appearance, the Demon Lord responded to the incoming attack by raising both hands in front of him.

"<Unending Darkness!!!>"

The surrounding shadows along with the darkness beyond the door of the building suddenly moved as if they had a life of their own, and after merging together they opened into a giant mouth shape directly towards the fire spear.

The flaming spear seemed to be swallowed as it disappeared into what was now a kind of giant sphere as black as night. However, an instant after being devoured by the darkness, the power of the skill <Blazing Blood Punishment> showed the world its terror.

BOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!

A loud, slightly suppressed explosion resounded from within the great ball of darkness that had swallowed the fire spear. Immediately after the first explosion, several more explosions and blasts shook the ball of darkness.

"Ugh!" The Demon Lord's expression tightened slightly in pain as paper-thin cracks began to spread throughout the ball of darkness.

A flash of surprise and disbelief shone in the eyes of the ruler of the demon race as the deep blue flames crept through the cracks, devouring the darkness more and more and incinerating everything around it by making use of the vast amount of magic power the skill held.

A roar of rage erupted from his lungs as he began to expend <Mana> like mad in an attempt to keep the ball of darkness from shattering. At the same time, under his control, more and more shadows began to gather to strengthen the ever-growing sphere.

However, the Demon Lord's face turned slightly pale when he saw the human standing atop the head of the Purple Flame Wyvern extend a hand forward.

"Explode!"

The Demon Lord had no time to do anything as Bai Zemin's voice had barely fallen when all the magic power and mana within the fire spear that was being barely contained by the great ball of darkness finally exploded in its entirety and without reservation.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!

At the same time as the blue flames propelled by the explosion shattered the sphere of darkness into pieces, the Demon Lord who was too close was directly hit in the chest by the vicious shockwave and his body was sent flying backwards like a kite whose string had been cut.

BOOM!!!

The Demon Lord's body hit the top wall of the large building hard. His mouth opened and he couldn't even contain the blood that shot out from inside.

Of course, Bai Zemin was not unharmed by the explosion either.

He felt as if a giant 20 or 30-ton hammer suddenly hit him in the chest. His body was no longer his own as Bai Zemin felt the world around him moving too fast and before his brain could process it all his back ferociously slammed into a small mountain over 600 meters away.

Boom!!!

"Ugh..." A small grunt escaped his mouth as he felt as if every bone in his body was being shattered. However, Bai Zemin was truly tenacious despite being young and having entered the path of evolution just a little over half a year ago.

He took no more than a couple of seconds to send all the stones that had fallen on top of him flying, slowly returning to his feet and looking off into the distance with a serious expression on his face.

The Demon Lord had not died.

Although Bai Zemin was aware that it would not be that easy, seeing him stand up while wiping the blood from the corner of his mouth was a great shock to him.

That attack he had launched just before was the evolved version of <Crimson Blood Judgment> and yet it still wasn't enough! In fact, there weren't even serious wounds on the Demon Lord's body!

Even if it was true that the power of the skill <Blazing Blood Punishment> had been weakened considerably by the Purple Flame Wyvern's breath-like skill and the Demon Lord's sphere of darkness, the remaining power it had left was more than enough to wipe out a city in this world almost in its entirety considering that Bai Zemin had invested more than 50% of his <Mana> into it!

However, Bai Zemin was not the only one in shock, the Demon Lord was not much different.

He looked at the purple blood on his glove after wiping the corner of his mouth and a glint of disbelief shone in his blood-colored eyes.

He... had just been wounded...?

... and the one who had wounded him was a weak human who hadn't even broken into the <Second Order>?

The Demon Lord seemed to disconnect from the world for a few seconds as he tried to come to terms with reality.

The Demon Lord had been wounded!

Those watching from a distance could not believe it, especially the humans who saw the Demon Lord as the true apocalypse!

That legendary being who had remained unbeatable for centuries had been wounded to the point of shaking his internal organs and spitting blood! Suddenly, all the humans felt as if the blood inside their bodies was boiling.... Today could be a day worth recording in the history books of mankind!

"That's Bai Zemin isn't he?" muttered a human <Second Order> soul evolver in shock as his eyes darted back and forth between the human male and the demon male.

Bai Zemin's name was known to everyone whether human or not, however, few were aware of how the legendary soul evolver who put an end to the terrifying Shadow Killer and shook the entire Eventide World when he openly challenged all the human kingdoms together with the Gales Kingdom, defeating over 4 kingdoms in just a week or two of time looked like.

"That is undoubtedly Bai Zemin." Queen Eloise's voice removed any doubts. Her eyes flashed with a strange light as she watched the blood-red armored youth facing the most terrifying being in the world without fear. "It seems he is more terrifying than we thought."

Princess Dianna was standing next to her mother. She looked at the Demon Lord who seemed to be slowly recovering from his shock before looking at Bai Zemin's back.

"A monster can only be faced by another monster... Let's hope our race's monster turns out to be more powerful, or I'm afraid the Demon Lord will definitely not allow humanity to continue to exist."

The words of the princess of the Pralan Kingdom sent chills down the spines of everyone present.

Right... The Demon Lord might have been ignoring the human race because he never considered them as a real danger. However, would he still be this complacent now that a human capable of confronting and cause him injuries that should not be ignored had finally appeared?

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3