Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Lilith was watching everything from the sky with an anxious expression on her face. She knew that while everything seemed to have been going well so far, the truth was that Bai Zemin had already consumed more than 50% of his <Mana> total and thus would soon be forced to spend one of the daily uses of the skill <Overlap Regeneration> which was basically his trump card just to replenish his <Mana> to the max.

In short, while it was true that Bai Zemin had managed to wound the Demon Lord at the cost of minor injuries and had even managed to put the Purple Flame Wyvern out of action, the battle was far from concluded and the victor was far from clear.

Just at that moment, a series of war cries and curses rang out from the distance.

Bai Zemin's expression changed and for the first time, his expression showed a slight trace of hesitation.

In the distance, the silhouettes of seven demons flying on jet black bats became clearer and clearer.

"Those are 7 of the 10 demon generals that came through the portal!"

"It's over!"

"Quickly retreated!"

The humans began to panic, and many immediately rushed out without hesitation or even a second thought.

"Stop! Kings of kingdom, stop in this instant!" Queen Eloise, Queen of the Pralan Kingdom, tried to use her authority as queen of one of the three parent kingdoms but none of them stopped to listen to her.

In the face of mortal danger only an idiot would be willing to stay!

"These idiots!" Queen Eloise gritted her teeth as she saw that among those fleeing were several kings of kingdoms.

This was the best chance the human race had to attack but they were wasting it by fleeing! Now that Bai Zemin proved to have the ability to contend against the terrifying Demon Lord, the only thing the kings of kingdom needed to do was to kill the demon generals!

"Even if Bai Zemin can't kill the Demon Lord he will certainly be able to hurt him badly if he puts his life as the price. While Bai Zemin and the Demon Lord fight, I refuse to believe that the union of over thirty kings of kingdoms along with several other soul evolvers of our human race would be unable to kill seven demon generals.... No, even if the remaining three demon generals were to arrive the result would still be our victory." Princess Dianna sighed and shook her head, "What a shame.... The most powerful soul evolvers of our humanity are so scared that they didn't even stop to think about the opportunity they are wasting."

Queen Eloise clenched both fists so tightly that the bones in her hands began to creak. Her daughter's words had only added fuel to the fire of anger already burning in her heart.

When Queen Eloise looked around and discovered that there was only one king of kingdom out of the 8 that had gone before besides her, the anger in her heart soon turned to shame.

"Our ancestors must definitely be rolling in their graves... To think that our human race has degraded to such an extent." The king of the Dazia Kingdom approached the mother-daughter duo and sighed as he drew his dagger from the belt at his waist.

Dianna Mayer bowed and said in a respectful voice, "Your Majesty Felix."

Felix Di Dazzia nodded, "You have grown a lot, little lady. Why don't you consider marrying my son? That boy has sent at least 4 letters to Pralan but they were all sent back as far as I knew." He joked with a slight smile.

"... If we make it out of here alive I might think about it." Princess Dianna sighed and a glint of regret shone in her eyes.

"Felix, aren't you running like the others?" Queen Eloise raised an eyebrow at the same time as with a swift and agile movement she uncoiled the chain-like sword from her waist in preparation to fight.

The King of the Dazia Kingdom chuckled and as he walked towards the shattered canyon he said in a loud voice, "Your Majesty Eloise, if I leave now then you and Bai Zemin will probably die which will leave our human race without two great soul evolvers to resist the furious and all-out assault of the demon race. At the same time, if I leave and Bai Zemin somehow kills the Demon Lord, he will surely seek me out and kill me as a traitor since in theory I am now subordinate to him.... Well, since I'm going to die anyway at least I'd rather stay and fight.... Maybe I can make it out alive that way, though it's not very likely."

"Heh." Queen Eloise smiled and shook her head. Her expression turned serious and after giving her daughter a warning she began to walk forward.

"Dianna, you do not participate in this battle."

The princess bowed deeply and said in a serious voice, "Yes, mother."

She knew that she could not participate in this kind of battlefield, her strength was simply too low. She would be crushed in an instant by any of the demon generals without even knowing what happened to her life.

"I wish you a victorious return." The princess murmured with tears in her eyes but without backing down at all, determined to see everything through to the end whether it was victory or defeat.

...

The Demon Lord looked up at the sky behind him over his shoulder. After a few seconds, he turned again to look at the young human about 500 meters ahead of him and said calmly, "I've heard of you before. As expected from the legendary level 50 soul evolver who managed to kill that Shadow Killer rat. You are the first person in over 500 years who has managed to cause me damage of this magnitude, allow me to praise you for that, please. I didn't believe the rumors before but now I can say that your destructive force is certainly up to altitude."

Bai Zemin's expression was cold and indifferent, his black eyes stared into the Demon Lord's blood-colored eyes with unknown thoughts except to himself.

"However."

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

The Demon Lord's voice turned cold as his seven generals jumped off their flying mounts and landed heavily behind him.Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

"Today, you, Bai Zemin, will be buried in this place."

The demon generals said nothing but looked at Bai Zemin with murderous intent brimming over. The seven of them were terrifying existences whose levels were beyond 140, it was easy for them to sense that the Demon Lord's aura was slightly ruffled. Although the seven of them were shocked and found it hard to accept, the fact that the Demon Lord, the invincible legend in their hearts had suffered moderate injuries was 100% undeniable.

The atmosphere seemed to freeze as the Demon Lord's killing intent focused on Bai Zemin. Queen Eloise and King Felix froze and their faces turned slightly pale, barely managing to continue moving forward by sheer force of will.

Bai Zemin glanced back over his shoulder, giving the two of them a brief glance before turning to look at the seven demon generals and the Demon Lord.

His lips for the first time opened as he said in a cold voice, "You want to scare a child with that murderous toy intent of yours? Heh. Let me show you..."

The Demon Lord frowned and the caution in his heart grew a notch. He could see in the other party's black eyes pure despise and disdain for his murderous intent that usually made his enemies freeze for an instant.

"This..." Bai Zemin took a step forward.

Bai Zemin's voice had barely left his mouth when the air stopped blowing, the ground stopped shaking, the earth stopped breaking, and the few clouds in the sky stopped moving.

The sky began to turn red and slowly a pair of thin dark lines appeared high in the sky behind him.

He culminated in a cold voice, "It's genuine murderous intent."

Everyone's faces, including the Demon Lord, turned pale as the two thin lines in the crimson sky abruptly opened up revealing two glowing golden eyes gazing at the entire world with indifference.

At the same time, a crimson aura surrounded Bai Zemin's body as he completely released all his murderous intent and the indistinct silhouette of a wolf standing on its two hind legs appeared behind him.

This was the first time Bai Zemin used the second activation of his <Lonely Wolf Aura> skill after its abrupt evolution during his battle against Shadow Killer.

---------

[Lonely Wolf Aura (Third Order UNIQUE skill) Level 1>: Contains all of the user's murderous intent passively. By partially or fully releasing your killing intent, causes an intangible aura to surround your silhouette and inflict fear on your opponents depending on the degree of killing intent released, which can result in a full body. freeze or partial loss of battle power as a result of demotivation. The skill does not distinguish between allies and enemies. The effect of the skill depends on the difference between your killing intent and the killing intent of those around you. Its first activation <Lonely Wolf Ghost> does not consume mana and can be activated by releasing killing intent.]

[Second activation <Emperor Wolf Domain>: Upon releasing 100% killing intent, <Emperor Wolf Domain> triggers automatically consuming 200 Mana points during the process and 1 Mana point per second. Effect: Regardless of the level difference, as long as the user's killing intent is higher than the opponent(s) it weakens all natural stats by 20%. Note: The user does not yet possess sufficient control over <Emperor Wolf Domain> so allies are affected by its effect during activation].

---------

Sensing hesitation and fear coming from his now weakened soul, the Demon Lord frowned deeply and the wariness in his heart reached levels he never thought it would reach, much less against a soul evolver of the human race he always disdained; <First Order level 50> at that!

The seven demon generals who were previously overwhelming the area with their murderous intent felt their blood run cold and except for the most powerful among them the others took a step or two back before stopping.

"What's wrong, Demon Lord? You're not being as confident and arrogant as before." Bai Zemin's lips curved into a cruel smile as countless red lightning flashes began to crackle around his body louder and louder than before.

"Could it be that the wolf got your tongue?"

Lilith looked up at the golden eyes that glowed high in the sky and looked down on the world with indifference and cruelty. Her charming otherworldly face was slightly pale and her crimson eyes dazed as she muttered incredulously, "Domain?"

She lowered her head abruptly to look at Bai Zemin on the ground and said in shock, "A domain capable of weakening even me despite the huge difference in Soul Power and levels?"

Lilith already knew that he was not ordinary, yet, just when she thought she would receive no more surprises that would shake her heart, he came back to surprise her again and again.

Just... Who was Bai Zemin really?

* * * * * * *

Guys, a short note: As you can see, I added 2 new chapters without increasing the price of the privilege. However, the 5 mass release chapters will arrive in about 10 hours so expect more today :) Remember to support the novel with your votes to motivate me to keep writing like this!

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3