Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 873 Bai Zemin vs Demon Lord (Part 1)

One of the best ways to shake off the fear that could not be fought by mere willpower was to evoke the emotions of the opponent. If the adversary was standing confident, proud, or even indifferent it was simply impossible to shake the fear that came from deep within the soul.

The Demon Lord had the perfect way to evoke emotions in the confident face and cold eyes of the young human.

The small jade-green ring on the index finger of his right hand glowed faintly and immediately there were several "objects" that fell to the ground.

Indeed, when Bai Zemin saw those "objects" his expression changed and the indifference in his eyes slowly turned to anger.

Not only Bai Zemin but Queen Eloise and King Felix who were standing behind him were starting to get so angry that the effect of the domain in the sky seemed to weaken slightly.

There were many, many human heads that had fallen from the Demon Lord's spatial storage ring. Men, women, adults and youths; there were even 2 heads of kings of kingdom, <Third Order> soul evolvers!

However, that's not where it all ended as the demon generals behind the Demon Lord immediately raised their bags strapped to their waists and casually commenced to throw human heads as if they were throwing empty rocks.

"You know, we demons are quite polite actually." Said the Demon Lord as he pointed in front of him, the heads on the ground. "Whenever we kill a human we make sure that at least the head reaches a human village, that way people will eventually know that said human was killed and thus they won't continue searching in vain."

The lizard-tailed, red-skinned demon general, Dezgard, sneered, "It is thanks to us that millions of coffins were not buried empty, feel grateful for that!"

The other demon generals laughed, the only exception being the demon general who apparently joined the ranks after the former demon general Bel'gos fell in combat outside Bearcrest City, the capital of the Gales Kingdom.

Bai Zemin's eyes roamed over all the heads one by one, noting that the women's heads were in the worst condition as their faces were stained by an unpleasant liquid that he knew very well just like any man. However, what finally caused his anger to fully explode was the sight of two heads that had clearly been thrown to the front with the intention of letting him see them.

"Oh, that pair was really interesting." Said the Demon Lord, feeling much calmer now. He watched as Bai Zemin's eyes were fixed on the two human heads and narrated with a sigh, "The female wasn't a virgin so it was a pity, still her taste wasn't bad at all. The guy turned out to be the boyfriend you know? Even after I ripped off his legs and arms he didn't scream and continued to curse me while I had some fun with his girl."

Bai Zemin's body began to tremble stronger and stronger and his grip on <Annihilation of the Falling Sky> grew so strong that the bones in his fingers began to creak inside his battle gloves.

"In the end, the girl could do nothing against the physical pleasure." The Demon Lord chuckled and shook his head as he calmly said, "The guy didn't even need to be finished off by me, I guess the not-so-elegant sounds coming out of his pretty girlfriend's little mouth were enough to send him to the afterlife."

Demons were not so different from humans in certain respects, there were many of them that were in fact practically identical to humans except for small differences barely noticeable to the naked eye. At the end of the day, the demons were the counterpart of the zombies on Earth; the First Generation humans who failed to withstand the mana inside their bodies with the advent of the Soul Record had their records slightly modified so that they could adapt better, giving birth to the demon race.

One of the characteristics that most differentiated humans from demons was not physical but it was in the character, the personality. Demons really loved the suffering of others, they loved it and therefore did their best to play on the enemy's emotions just as the Demon Lord was doing now.

Unfortunately, there was something the Demon Lord did not know.

Making a berserker upset could backfire very badly.

[The user's blood lust level has reached the peak level. The second activation of the skill <God of War's Will>, <God of War's Partial Possession> goes into immediate effect. Strength +800, Magic +800].

Suddenly, the smile on the faces of the demon generals slowly faded and the Demon Lord frowned again when they noticed the great change in the aura of the younger human.

The Demon Lord finally realized that this could be a tough battle, therefore, he subconsciously looked at the Purple Flame Wyvern. With the power of his mount, victory would be a 100% certainty.

Unfortunately, the Purple Flame Wyvern was still in a semi-conscious state as Bai Zemin's previous attack had shaken his brain to the point where it was a miracle that he could still keep his eyes semi-open.

Boom!!!

The expression on the Demon Lord's face was indifferent as he saw Bai Zemin stomping on the ground forcefully and dashing forward.

"This human really gets on my nerves!" Dezgard was enraged and unhesitatingly lunged forward.

Two other demon generals focused on close combat followed Dezgard closely to face Bai Zemin.

Dezgard carried a saber and the other two demon generals carried long swords. The power of the three was more than enough to fight three normal kings of kingdom. However, none of them were really near the peak of power among the ranks of the demon generals.

Bai Zemin had even finished off the demon general Kigdraug who ranked number three among all the demon generals, except they didn't know it.

Crimson flames burned around the golden greatsword and immediately afterward, blue flames coalesced to give birth to an entirely new deep purple flame.

The sky began to rumble louder and louder and the earth split as the three demon generals activated skills to boost their next attack before slashing three times.

Although Bai Zemin was strong, he did not have the ability to face three existences above level 140 whose combat power was comparable to that of soul evolvers above level 150. Even if his <Strength> and <Magic> were currently higher, his <Agility> was only slightly superior when compared to them.

However, Bai Zemin had something that the demon generals did not have.

He was like a ghost, his body moved strangely and with otherworldly dexterity, he narrowly avoided the sword of the demon general Zoganos who ranked 10th among the demon generals.

BOOOM!!!

The demon general Zoganos felt a great pang of pain in his chest as his enemy's elbow struck full on his armor, forcing his feet to slide back more than 50 meters.

Meanwhile, Bai Zemin had tilted his upper body backward in the middle of his dash, barely avoiding by an inch the sword of the demon general Bozzon who ranked 7th among the demon generals.

At the same time, he spun 360 degrees as he moved forward a bit and passed beyond the sword before straightening his stance and striking with a spinning kick directly into the demon's jaw.

BOOOOOM!!!

Several teeth with blood shot out of the demon general Bozzon's mouth at the same time as his vision dimmed for a moment and his body flew backwards more than 200 meters before rolling on the ground like a broken rag.

At that instant, Bai Zemin felt the saber of the demon general Dezgard who ranked 6th among the demon generals a hair's breadth away from his neck and in that split second he judged that it was absolutely impossible for him to dodge it, being forced to activate <Shadow Blink>.Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

BOOOOOOOM!!!

A great cloud of dust rose into the sky as the earth split into countless pieces after being struck by the heavy saber. At the same time, the demon general Dezgard's eyes flashed with confusion as he did not feel that he had hit his target. Suddenly, he felt a great shooting pain in his back and all he knew was that the bones of his spine threatened to tear into a thousand pieces as he flew forward with no control of himself.

BOOOOOOOOOOM!!!

After hitting the demon general Dezgard with all his Strength using his greatsword, Bai Zemin did not stop even for an instant and continued his run towards the Demon Lord now free of protection.

In fact, he had not even stopped once and in less than two seconds had completely oppressed three demon generals together!

Before anyone else could take a step forward, Bai Zemin had already arrived in front of the Demon Lord and was raising his greatsword blazing with purple flames high in the sky.

"You are strong."

A purple-colored sword with black flames appeared in the Demon Lord's right hand just as Bai Zemin fiercely slashed downward making use of every point of Strength he had.

"But not too much."

The Demon Lord slashed upward in an apparent casual move but in reality, he had activated a skill as there were several magic circles around his weapon.

When both weapons met in the middle of the ascent/descent, the first sound that occurred was not an explosion but the sound of metal clashing against metal.

Bai Zemin's eyes trembled as just before the explosion sound caused by the clash of the two weapons occurred he felt as if all the bones in his right arm were about to turn into dust.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!

The Demon Lord took two steps back and the demon generals behind him slid more than 30 meters across the ground before they could recover.

As for Bai Zemin....

BOOM!!!

His face contorted in pain as his back hit a large rock over 700 meters back. He struggled to open his eyes at the overwhelming pain as a thin trickle of red blood slipped silently from the corner of his mouth.

Lilith's heart squeezed slightly as she looked at Bai Zemin standing up with staggering steps. If not for the fact that she was aware that he had not yet started to get really serious it would probably have been difficult for her to keep calm, because she was aware of how terrifying the ruler of the demon race of this world was.

Queen Eloise and King Felix looked at each other, both sighed in their hearts. Even though they somehow knew that this was probably going to happen, somehow they both hoped that Bai Zemin would be able to fight against the Demon Lord for a while, but apparently the Demon Lord's power was still as colossal as ever.... No, it was even more terrifying than they remembered.

Gu Lim, Princess Bianca, Princess Dianna, and everyone else who had not fled but watched from afar because they did not possess enough power to intervene clenched their fists with completely pale faces as they looked towards the center of the battlefield with anxious hearts.

Some were anxious about what would happen to them once Bai Zemin was killed while only two or three of them felt anxious about Bai Zemin's safety and not about the future.

Bai Zemin looked the Demon Lord in the eyes and spat out the blood in his mouth casually.

"Honestly, if you were a <Third Order> soul evol.... " The Demon Lord paused and shook his head, "No.... If you were a <Second Order> soul evolver, you might have been able to face me as an equal. I admit that your Soul Power is stupidly pure, so pure that I simply cannot understand how such a thing is possible. However, the current you is not only weak but is outnumbered."

Bai Zemin said nothing and began to slowly walk towards the Demon Lord while dragging his weapon behind him with a cold gaze and a slight grimace of disdain resulting from the activation <God of War's Partial Possession> altering his personality.

"Why are you talking as if this is already over?" He said with clear disdain.

The Demon Lord shook his head and chuckled as he said with even more contempt, "Isn't it?"

"You have to be kidding, right?" Bai Zemin stopped five hundred meters ahead and smiled faintly as he said with disdain, "We're just getting started!"

His body suddenly became enveloped by a golden halo that made it seem as if his eyes and hair changed to gold from the posterior black. His aura shot up and changed completely, causing the eyes of all the watchers to blaze with a hint of hope.

Queen Eloise gently patted her chest and King Felix sighed in relief. They looked into each other's eyes and felt as if they had come back to life. The two had forgotten about that strange skill Bai Zemin had that increased his power to ridiculously high levels!

"Looks like this is far from over."

Even then, the situation was far from looking favorable for them. After all, the Queen of the Pralan Kingdom and the King of the Dazia Kingdom knew in their hearts that while Bai Zemin was facing the Demon Lord, the seven generals would definitely not stand idly by!

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3