Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 874 Bai Zemin vs Demon Lord (Part2/2)

Bai Zemin's body suddenly became enveloped by a golden halo that made it seem as if his eyes and hair changed to gold from the posterior black.

At the same time that Bai Zemin converted 80% of his <Strength> which had been boosted when the second activation <God of War's Partial Possession> was turned into <Agility> he also activated his boots' skill which boosted his <Agility> by another 100 points which added to his skill <Crimson Lightning Flash> increased his total <Agility> by over 2300 points!

Bang!

Neither the general demons nor Queen Eloise or King Felix saw anything, all they heard was a weak bang and the next moment the place covered in rocks where Bai Zemin was standing exploded into a pile of dust and crushed boulders.

The next thing everyone knew, Bai Zemin had arrived right in front of the Demon Lord.

Boom!!!

There was an explosion followed by the blast of the shockwave, everyone stared dumbfounded and in shock at the golden dagger in Bai Zemin's right hand now clashing with the edge of the Demon Lord's purple sword!

"What's the problem with that stupid impulse?" The Demon Lord thrust with his sword outward but the next thing he knew was that the human in front of him disappeared and a second later he felt a sting on the back of his neck which forced him to quickly block by swinging his sword backwards.

Clang!

Bai Zemin smiled fiercely as he saw that the Demon Lord managed to stop his <Annihilation of the Falling Sky> in dagger form. His spatial storage ring suddenly glowed and in his left hand appeared a new dagger; it was the Epic grade dagger that he obtained after killing Shadow Killer.

Swoosh!!!

The Demon Lord's expression was ugly as he realized that he would not be able to block the incoming attack by normal means, therefore, he had no choice but to activate a skill.

Just as Bai Zemin was slashing, his passive skill <Danger Sense> triggered and without hesitation, he tilted his body to the side.

He had barely moved a mere inch when the Demon Lord's shadow seemed to come to life, and after turning into a sword it slashed upwards, barely missing by a hair's breadth thanks to his quick reaction.

Although Bai Zemin immediately attacked again after dodging the surprise attack, the Demon Lord had already turned his body and with <Agility> that was surprisingly only slightly below Bai Zemin's current <Agility> they began to trade attacks furiously.

Clang!!! Clang!!! Clang!!! Clang!!! Clang!!!!....

Golden sparks and black sparks flew everywhere as Bai Zemin's silhouette and the Demon Lord's silhouette turned into two flashes that were impossible to follow by anyone present regardless of level or purity of Soul Power.

The two moved everywhere, they did not stay still in one spot but their bodies flickered all around and each clash of their weapons produced craters of more than 20 meters in diameter each. For every second that passed, the two clashed at least 1500 times!

No, thanks to the fact that he was slashing and manipulating two daggers at the same time, Bai Zemin was attacking twice as many times as the Demon Lord!

"Wh- What..."

"Impossible..."

"Impossible!"

"How can a little puny, filthy human be able to match His Majesty's <Agility>?"

"Let's kill those humans first and then join His Majesty!"

The demon generals, including the three who had been taken down earlier by Bai Zemin, began to realize that the <First Order> human in red armor could become a really big problem at this rate. Even the almighty Demon Lord didn't seem to be able to end the battle as soon as it was supposed to be!

Soon, the seven demon generals rushed towards King Felix and Queen Eloise who had begun to feel a glimmer of hope now that Bai Zemin seemed to have returned to the battlefield after activating that miraculous and mysterious golden skill of his.

Queen Eloise and King Felix were undoubtedly strong, especially Queen Eloise who had already surpassed level 170. However, the two of them were at a disadvantage from the first second the seven demon generals attacked and after a minute of fighting, wounds began to appear on their bodies that kept getting worse and worse with each passing second.

The two knew that they would not be able to last long and at this rate, they would probably fall in 5 minutes at most; it was impossible for them to face seven demon generals at the same time! However, the two were more than aware that they could only grit their teeth and fight with their lives on the line, and that was exactly what they did!

In fact, the two demonstrated their ferocity as soul evolvers and dropped almost any defense for the sake of hurting one of their opponents a little more!

"W- What is this?" Gu Lim muttered with a pale face as he looked down from high up on a distant mountain.

He had fought against the demon general Orzon for more than a few minutes several days ago, however, when Gu Lim looked at the battlefield in front of him he could not help but feel as small and insignificant as a powerless bug.

Flames of destruction flew everywhere followed by explosions that shook the sky and shattered the earth beyond recognition.

Was this the true power of the soul evolvers who had made it into the <Third Order>? This is how destructive could those who had broken level 150 be when they let loose completely?

Princess Bianca was not much better to Gu Lim. Her beautiful face was pale and her pretty red lips were now almost as white as paper as her adorable body trembled slightly.

The two could barely see glimpses of the demon generals fighting against the Queen of Pralan and the King of Dazia. As for the battle between Bai Zemin and the Demon Lord, all they could see were golden sparks and flashes of black flames flying everywhere but they couldn't even see any trace of the two fighters at all; every new crater that appeared was even at least 0.01 second late compared to the main battle, which meant that they were moving so fast that the shockwaves couldn't keep up with them at all!

Soon, the mountain they were on began to shake slightly.

"Princess Bianca, we need to change places quickly!"

"Y-Yeah..."

The two had only moved to another mountain when the mountain they were on seconds ago exploded after being hit by several shockwaves at the same time.

This was the most destructive battle humans had ever witnessed and there were even beings from other races watching in fear from a distance.

The earth split, the rocks melted into lava, the air heated to the point where from afar it was not different from the hell in its beginnings while the sky rumbled as if it was crying for its imminent collapse.

Lilith watched from the sky, the only existence present and probably the only one in the entire Eventide World able to clearly see the battle between Bai Zemin and the Demon Lord.

Two minutes had passed, and although Bai Zemin seemed to be able to maintain the skill <Overlap Regeneration> for much longer than before or use it with much more freedom, she was quick to notice a problem.

Boom!!!

After a final explosive clash, the Demon Lord and Bai Zemin retreated as if by prior agreement and stopped 200 meters away from each other while looking at the other silently.Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

There were several cuts and clear marks on the Demon Lord's leather armor, in fact, there were even more than a dozen cuts on his body but no blood came out anymore because he had burned it with his black flames, thus killing the poison from Bai Zemin's dagger.

As for Bai Zemin, he was fine and there was no visible wound on his body at all. However, his expression was far from cheerful, and in fact, there was a slight frown on his face that only grew as he saw how King Felix and Queen Eloise did not seem to be able to stand it anymore.

The <Agility> of the Demon Lord turned out to be outrageously high, far beyond what Bai Zemin estimated in his worst calculations when he thought he was overestimating his enemy. Even with the <Emperor Wolf Domain> weakening the <Agility> of the Demon Lord by 20%, he was still able to almost keep up with Bai Zemin who had over 2300 points of <Agility> after activating various skills.

He finally understood the reason why no one dared to challenge the Demon Lord and also understood the reason why Lilith was so anxious before as to ask him not to enter the dungeon. The purity of the Demon Lord's Soul Power was scandalously high, probably even slightly above Shangguan Bing Xue. Furthermore, the Demon Lord's level was too high, probably above level 170 or 180.

With such a great Soul Power purity and with such a monstrous level difference, Bai Zemin could barely do anything in his current condition and although he had managed to slash his opponent's body several times it was far from enough to even consider it injuries in a battle to the death.

'At this rate I can use <Overlap Regeneration> for another five... No, maybe seven more minutes.'

Bai Zemin narrowed his eyes as he realized that he couldn't go on like this even if his soul had been strengthened to the point where he could now use <Overlap Regeneration> around 100 times compared to the 10 times prior to him learning the skill <Soul Manipulation>.

The problem was simple and obvious, not only Bai Zemin or Lilith had noticed it.

"It seems that in exchange for being fast you have lost Strength?" The Demon Lord looked at the halo of golden light surrounding Bai Zemin and commented with interest, "That skill of yours is very interesting, scary I dare to say. In fact, you are a bit faster than me, that's the reason why you haven't broken your bones into pieces, because before the force of my cuts reaches you, you withdraw your daggers and attack again. Clever, you are worthy of praise from me even though you are human."

Despite his words of praise and the calm in his voice, the Demon Lord's murderous intent only grew. He could not allow the human in front of him to leave this dungeon alive or tomorrow would become his doom, and even someone as proud and arrogant as him was intelligent and sincere enough to admit this irrefutable fact.

In fact, the Demon Lord had not even gotten serious yet and had confronted Bai Zemin using his skills in the simplest way possible while using his stats to the fullest extent possible. Nothing out of the ordinary.

However, the Demon Lord had a sinister premonition that the young human in front of him had not given his all yet either and he did not like that feeling at all.

To make matters worse, the Demon Lord sensed three auras approaching and as he looked to the right he saw some silhouettes on the horizon that he had preferably hoped not to see in this kind of circumstance.

Bai Zemin sighed in his heart with a deep sigh of relief when he saw the huge silhouette of Mei Lin together with the jade orc Zilug and King Philip charging towards the battlefield.

With this, Queen Eloise and King Felix would not have to die. With the two of them plus the union of three powerful soul evolvers including a terrifying evolved mutant beast and an orc with great strength and physical defense would definitely be more than enough to hold off seven demon generals.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3