Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 875 The beginning of the true end

"This is getting far beyond what I expected." The Demon Lord scratched his head and a faint smile that held a considerable amount of frustration slowly grew at the corner of his mouth. He looked at Bai Zemin and said cheerfully, "Well, I guess unexpected and not so pleasant surprises have been surrounding me ever since you made your appearance."

Bai Zemin and anyone present could tell that even though the Demon Lord was smiling the anger in his heart was no less than the murderous intent in his eyes as he stared intently at him as if he couldn't wait to turn him into ashes.

However, the Demon Lord knew that he was not the only one with the intention of ending this as quickly as possible to avoid future trouble; the young human in front of him had such a dense and heavy killing intent that the Demon Lord felt chills in his heart.

Soon, people approaching from the distant horizon arrived at the battlefield. Not only was there Mei Lin in her giant snake form, Zilug in his 70-meter-tall jade orc form, or King Philip with his golden spear, but there were also Ellis, Seraphina, Liam, and Evans.

The seven looked at the apocalyptic battlefield with similar expressions.

"For the love of the goddess..." Evans whispered with a pale face as he saw the cracks in the ground that were as wide and deep as deep chasms.

Falling into that crack could definitely lead to his death not to mention facing the attacks that provoked it!

"What kind of crazy skill is that? When I stepped into this area, my power dropped by a substantial sum!" King Philip looked at the golden eyes that were coldly gazing at the entire world from the crimson sky, his expression was one of fear and shock.

"More importantly..." Mei Lin's voice echoed throughout as the group stopped next to Queen Eloise and King Felix who were suffering from medium-grade injuries at this point. She narrowed her large eyes at the existence recognized worldwide as the most powerful being of all and said with impossible-to-hide surprise, "Looks like our boy really excelled himself this time.... To think that in a 1 on 1 battle he managed to deal so many wounds to Ar'gon's body.... His words of back then weren't just words after all."

Zilug looked at Bai Zemin in silence but his gaze was brimming with respect and appreciation this time. He remembered the words the young human had said back in the throne room in the castle of Gales and at that moment Zilug simply felt that Bai Zemin was being too fearless with his mouth probably a result of the anger he felt at the moment after learning of the total annihilation of the Cirian Kingdom where even the newborns were not spared.

Liam clenched his greatsword tightly as he glared at the demon generals with murderous intent and had it not been for the shred of sanity he had left his anger would have driven him to attack immediately without thinking of possible consequences.

The seven had stopped their assault against the Queen of Pralan and the King of Dazia when they noticed the arrival of more <Third Order> soul evolvers on the battlefield, they were currently behind the Demon Lord waiting for orders as things were not under their control as they were used to. Even the arrogant and daring demons general felt uneasiness in their hearts as they faced an uncertain future where their lives might not be secured as they had been thinking for centuries.

Seraphina quickly approached Bai Zemin and asked with a pale face: "A- Are you all right? Do you need me to heal you? I can heal you, all my skills are free for you."

Even though Bai Zemin didn't seem to be damaged, Seraphina saw the small spot of dried blood on his mouth. Furthermore, his aura wasn't exactly right as she could feel that despite being more powerful than normal there was actually a kind of trembling probably caused by a not-so-serious wound but a wound nonetheless.

"Thank you, but help Her Majesty Eloise and His Majesty Felix first, Ponytails." Bai Zemin replied, his voice as cold as his eyes while he looked to the Demon Lord for the slightest opening in his defense to resume his assault.

Seraphina hesitated but finally gave in and listened to his request, activating her most basic healing skills to improve the recovery rate of the King of Dazia and the Queen of Pralan. Seraphina knew she was being selfish by doing this, but she would rather be selfish than regret not being able to rescue a loved one after having used one of her strongest healing skills on people who were not important to her.

The Demon Lord scanned the expressions of all the newcomers one by one with a slight smile on his face taking note of the surprise they were all feeling at the sight of the burnt scars on his body and his leather armor riddled with cuts.

"It seems everyone doubted your strength to some extent, didn't they, human?" Demon Lord Ar'gon said. His eyes stopped mainly on Ellis and Seraphina, noticing that the former was looking at the wounds on his body as if she wanted to make sure he was really injured to start fighting right away and the latter was looking at him like an enraged little tiger cub.

"Hahahahaha!" Ar'gon laughed out loud as if he found something very funny all of a sudden.

"I'll see you later, probably too soon for my liking."

The Demon Lord turned, startling the demon generals and all those watching from afar, before he began to walk away.

However, the Demon Lord had barely taken a few steps when he was forced to turn around as he felt the wind behind him howling like a ferocious wolf finally finding the right moment to attack its prey.

BOOOOOOOOM!!!!

The Demon Lord's blood-colored eyes met Bai Zemin's midnight-colored eyes. His purple sword surrounded by black flames clashed with the enemy's two daggers, except this time he failed to send the human flying as before but was surprised to find that the other party's <Strength> was somehow high enough to slowly force him to angle downward.

"Really... What a pain in the ass you are, you insolent brat..." Ar'gon said still smiling but this time he did not hide the anger in his expression and in his words as a bead of sweat trickled down from his forehead to his cheek.

The Demon Lord didn't want to fight Bai Zemin because he didn't know how that strange golden halo skill worked. His caution only increased now that the other party had boosted his <Strength> to the point where it even showed signs of overcoming him.

Finally, Bai Zemin was forced to jump back before the 10 seconds of <Overlap Regeneration> ran out.

Everyone was shocked beyond words, especially those who had just arrived or the spectators who for the first time could see a true head-on clash between the two apparently at full power.

The spectators who knew Bai Zemin after his name became known to the whole world pointed at him while murmuring and the few humans who were brave enough to stay despite knowing what was surely in store for them in the not too distant future cheered loudly.

Bai Zemin's name practically made the earth tremble as hundreds shouted and praised. Everyone was ecstatic that their human race finally had a soul evolver brave and powerful enough to stand up to the Demon Lord in a 1 vs 1!

After thinking about it for a moment, Bai Zemin lowered his arms and the two daggers disappeared. Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

"Heh." The Demon Lord turned around as he realized that the other party seemed to have similar thoughts in mind.

However, he had barely taken a couple of steps when the voice of the human he hoped to be able to turn into meat paste soon sounded from behind him, causing his footsteps to stop.

"Hey, Ar'gon."

The Demon Lord paused and glanced over his shoulder with the same faint smile as before: "Mm? Do you still want to continue? I told you, we'll meet again soon."

"Nah, it's not that." Bai Zemin shook his head and said casually, "Take this with you."

Bai Zemin's spatial storage ring glowed slightly and three "objects" appeared in his hands. He tossed the three objects into the air in the direction of the Demon Lord for everyone to see in the process.

Everyone's expression changed abruptly, especially that of Demon Lord Ar'gon and the seven demons general behind him.

"This bastard...!"

The seven of them gritted their teeth and looked at Bai Zemin with wide eyes as if they wanted to imprint their existence on the flame of fury burning in his eyes to incinerate him and turn him into ashes immediately!

"The little fries have no right to speak here, shut your mouth you piece of trash. You keep barking just like when you were outside the dungeon, dogs that bark but don't bite at all just like those three, the cow mainly. Come and attack if you're so cocky, otherwise shut the fuck up." Bai Zemin sneered mercilessly as he glared at the seven with disdain at its peak.

The seven said nothing, even the most powerful demon general was forced to swallow his words now that he had discovered that the human in front of him was capable of fighting as an equal for several minutes against the most powerful demon and ruler of the demon race.

The cheers of the humans in the distance had practically turned into roars at this point. Seeing the ever arrogant and cruel demons general being openly humiliated by a human without daring to say anything in return, all the humans let go of the frustration they felt for years and began to curse and mock them at the same time as the praise for the one who would probably soon be known as the symbol of pride of all mankind in Eventide World grew non-stop.

The Demon Lord said nothing and with a wave of his hand controlled the shadows of the "objects" to bring them towards him. Bai Zemin narrowed his eyes and focused, trying to find out more about that strange skill that had taken him by surprise several times during their fight.

"I see you put an end to three of my generals." Ar'gon said in a flat voice as he looked at the three heads for a few seconds before looking at Bai Zemin coldly, "Well, I'm not too surprised. It's just their bad luck."

Bai Zemin's lips curved upward and he sneered, "Aren't we humans generous? I'm even handing you the heads of your three generals so you don't have to bury empty coffins."

He had just returned the words Ar'gon had spoken earlier when he brought out the heads of several humans, including Anna's and Giles' heads.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

"We, demons, don't bury our dead." Said the Demon Lord after turning the three heads into a bloody mist. "Those who lose are better dead than alive, they don't deserve any kind of honor, much less my time."

The Demon Lord approached the Purple Flame Wyvern and tossed a pill as well as a potion into his mouth. A moment later, the creature seemed to regain enough clarity to stand up with staggering steps.

"We will meet again soon, Bai Zemin. I will remember that name."

Bai Zemin casually stared at the back of the demons and the wyvern walking away. He did nothing to stop them even though the second activation <God of War's Partial Possession> was making it hard for him to restrain himself as the arrogance in his heart was screaming at him not to let go of the ants that were his enemies. If not for Bai Zemin's willpower, as well as his title <Brilliant Mind> and his skill <Immovable Heart> Bai Zemin had no doubt that he would be attacking recklessly instead of reasoning things out better.

Both Bai Zemin and Demon Lord Ar'gon knew that they would meet again soon and before this dungeon closed it was highly expected that only one of them would make it out alive, becoming food to fuel the victor's power.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3