Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 877 Couple made by the heavens

"Where are you going?" asked Seraphina quickly as she saw that Bai Zemin seemed to have the intention of going somewhere.

She was not at all interested in the lives of the other humans.

Kat was dead.Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

Anna was dead.

Giles was dead.

Aside from Seraphina herself, the only three people left of the group of friends were Liam, Ellis, and Evans.

Everyone was dead. All had been killed by the demons.

Seraphina had lost too many loved ones in such a short time, even her mother had been killed by the demons not too long ago.

That naive princess who lived behind the walls of a big city was beginning to change very fast. In a matter of weeks, she had matured enough that the smile on her face would only show in front of a small number of people while what others would get from her would be pure indifference.

Seraphina's current personality was divided into three parts.

1) Affection, appreciation, and care now much greater than before towards her loved ones and close people.

2) Indifference to the life or death of strangers.

3) Absolutely irreconcilable and ocean-deep hatred towards the demon race and any living thing or being involved with them.

Due to the first characteristic of her personality, Seraphina feared that her loved ones moved too far away from her, because if something bad happened she could immediately heal them. Therefore, seeing that Bai Zemin had intentions of going somewhere she began to feel panic.

Bai Zemin had noticed the changes in Seraphina as well. Especially during the last few days, she practically refused to part from him as if the month they had been away from each other after they entered the dungeon had especially affected her.

After thinking seriously for a moment, Bai Zemin decided that it was okay if it was just her. Besides, he was 100% sure that Seraphina would rather die than betray him so it should be okay if she knew a little more about him.

"Ponytails, come with me."

* * *

At a distance of several hours north of the city located in the center of the dungeon.

Seraphina looked around confused, there was nothing there at all.

"Orc, why did you bring me here?" She blinked in his direction. The youngest princess of Gales suddenly seemed to think of something and covered her chest as she said in a joking tone, "Why? Could it be that you are secretly a pervert who targets younger girls? You even didn't let little Kali slip through your fingers!"

Bai Zemin rolled his eyes and said in a low voice: "Even if I wanted to target younger girls I would at least target those with chances of having some breast, airstrip."

"What did you say?!"

"It's nothing..."

Seraphina looked at him with wide eyes like an enraged little tiger cub as she gasped in indignation, "You really get on my nerves!"

"Seraphina, you had previously told me that you have a barrier-like skill capable of blocking all sound within a certain range in addition to blocking what happens inside from outside eyes. Is that true?" Bai Zemin asked.

"Uh? That's right..." She nodded in confusion at his sudden question. "My skill covers a range of 5 kilometers around and also has a strange spiritual wave that injects into the minds of other living beings the thought of not coming near."

"Great. Activate that skill now please." Bai Zemin said in a serious voice.

The corner of Seraphina's mouth trembled several times.

They were in the middle of a forest far away from everything so if she activated that skill it would be absolutely impossible for anyone to know what would happen there. If not for the fact that Seraphina fully trusted Bai Zemin and knew the kind of person he was she would definitely have thought that he had no good intentions towards her body.

She waved her magic staff and the Second Order Soul Stone on its surface lit up as she chanted softly, "Sacred Ground."

Bai Zemin felt a surge of mana surge through beyond his body but without harming him at all. He looked at the surroundings and noticed that for a brief moment the distant trees and mountains seemed to become a blur as if something was blocking them but only a moment later everything returned to normal, as if nothing had happened.

"Done?" he asked to make sure.

Seraphina nodded silently and stared at him.

What was going on with all this mystery? It was the first time Seraphina had seen the man in front of her being so cautious about anything.

Before Bai Zemin could say a word and before Seraphina could ask any kind of question, a silhouette began to materialize out of nowhere next to him.

Seraphina's pupils trembled slightly and her eyes slowly grew wider and wider. As she looked at the woman in the black dress and ruby eyes standing beside him, Seraphina felt a great shock in her heart.

"Beautiful..."

Seraphina's voice was nothing more than a subconscious whisper of her heart speaking for itself. The woman in front of her who had just appeared like a ghost was simply too beautiful, beautiful to the point where even Seraphina felt her heart skip a beat!

Seraphina was beautiful but she knew that her older sister Ellis was more beautiful than her. At the same time, the beauty of Princess Bianca of the Lidora Kingdom was indisputable. However, no matter with which woman Seraphina compared the girl in the black dress in front of her with, every woman that crossed her mind was unworthy of even standing next to her!

Lilith smiled warmly towards the young princess and said in a kind voice: "This is the first time we speak, Seraphina Di Gales. You can call me Lilith if you don't mind. Even though this is the first time you've seen me, I've been observing you since the first moment we arrived in this world."

"Uh?" Seraphina was still dazed but now even confused.

Lilith pointed to Bai Zemin standing next to her and said kindly, "Thank you for taking care of my little guy back then, different from him I know how much effort not only physically but also mentally and spiritually you put in to help him recover from his injuries."

"Y- You were there all this time?!" Seraphina's eyes widened even more as she looked at Lilith as if she was looking at a real ghost.

Goddess, this beautiful woman watched as she cleaned Bai Zemin's body? Seraphina felt that she would be better off dead than alive and wanted nothing more than to dig a hole to bury her head and never come out again!

Besides... She had just said "my little guy"? Seraphina immediately began to feel that Lilith was not to her liking even though she was being so kind and sweet with her words.

Bai Zemin rolled his eyes and said softly, "Hey, grandma, could you stop calling me a little guy? You make me sound like a little kid and the real flat-chested kid will confuse the roles."

""What did you say?!""

Being glared at by two women who suddenly turned into lionesses enraged by his words, Bai Zemin shook his head and refused to have uttered a word.

He still had years to live and many things to do. For God's sake, he was still a virgin and all!

Instead of risking his life, what Bai Zemin did with Lilith's help was to give Seraphina a brief but important summary of who Lilith was and how she would help him to defeat the Demon Lord without intervening in the battle.

...

Standing at the edge of the barrier, Seraphina stared into the distance with a frustrated expression.

It had been about four hours since Lilith had appeared before her, and not long after Seraphina learned that other than the woman named Shangguan Bing Xue she was the only existence who knew Lilith's true identity, Bai Zemin had begun training with her as if to prove to Seraphina that he really wasn't lying when he said that Lilith was a soul evolver many times more terrifying than Bai Zemin himself.

The earth trembled and split into countless pieces. The sky above the barrier trembled as if it was about to collapse and blue flames danced fiercely burning everywhere. Everything inside the barrier had been completely shattered to the point where the ground had sunk at least 1000 meters and when the barrier disappeared it would reveal a crater not dissimilar to a small abyss.

Although Seraphina's heart felt a little bitter after learning that Lilith was the woman Bai Zemin loved and in fact the two were a couple, she came to accept it. At the end of the day, even someone as proud as her had to admit that whether it was beauty or power Lilith was simply unmatched, and were it not for the fact that Bai Zemin was a First Order irregularity with the strength to take on soul evolvers far above his level, he would be unworthy of her but not the other way around.

In fact, as she watched Bai Zemin fighting Lilith and attacking with full force in each of his attacks, Seraphina couldn't help but sigh.

This was the first time Seraphina understood the words her mother used to say while she was alive.

"A pair made by the heavens." She whispered to herself.

Of course, this did not mean that Seraphina was going to give up or anything close to giving up. While it was true that her confidence had suffered a great shock and she no longer had high hopes, her pride and especially her stubbornness would be with her until the day of her death.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3