Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 879 The last trial before the final battle

Staircase to Heaven?

They were all stunned as the words of the Soul Record flashed in the retinas of each of them.

What the hell was the Staircase to Heaven supposed to be? It wasn't like a staircase was really going to take them to heaven... or was it? They all looked at each other, confused as to what to do next. Some even began to ask their teammates if they had received the same message as well.

Finally, Bai Zemin stepped forward first before anyone else and said to the people behind him, "Let's enter the tower, or else nothing will start."

The eight kings of kingdom looked at each other before following him silently, being closely followed by the other Third Order and Second Order soul evolvers among whom naturally were some princes and princesses.

The Demon Lord naturally did not sit idly by as he also ordered his generals to follow him.

"We should go too, dad." The beautiful pixie princess pointed as she saw the two strongest groups approaching the entrance of the tower.

The pixie king was as small as all the other pixies and his appearance was that of a very handsome middle-aged man with a trimmed golden beard that gave him a more mature appearance. He paused for a moment before ordering in a deep voice, "We're going too."

Aside from the pixie race, the other races did not stand still either as they all began to move carefully towards the silver tower.

Some groups were large groups composed of up to 10 members while others were only groups of two, some of them were even alone as all the group members of those soul evolvers had died on the way to the center of the dungeon.

Orcs, mutant plants, evolved trees, beasts of all sizes and species, mutant insects; all kinds of living beings with self-awareness and intelligence high enough to reason and make their own choices moved towards the huge door of the tower.

None of them were willing to miss the treasure after all, therefore, they made sure to follow closely behind the group of humans and the group of demons.

"It's been a week." The Demon Lord smiled slightly towards Bai Zemin as the two approached the entrance and commented, "I have a proposition for you."

Bai Zemin continued walking towards the door but suddenly the vigilance in his heart grew as he felt that the current Demon Lord was many times more dangerous than before. This wasn't about Bai Zemin being aware that this time the two of them would be completely unleashed, it was something deeper that made his natural instinct skyrocket.

"Are you finally willing to give me your head? It will be less painful for you that way, believe me." Bai Zemin replied in a cold voice as he continued to move forward without looking at him.

His words caused the expressions on the faces of the demon generals to turn dark and the Purple Flame Wyvern seemed to want to burn a large hole in his back as he glared intently at him from behind. None of them had forgotten the humiliation they had suffered seven days ago, and they were determined to make the humans pay with blood today!

At the same time, those who came to hear Bai Zemin's words felt chills running down their spines. This man... he sure was brave to speak to in that tone and say such things in front of the face of the most terrifying soul evolver in the whole world.

As for the humans, they felt more relieved; especially those who had not witnessed the battle between the two. The fact that Bai Zemin dared to provoke the Demon Lord like this meant that he truly possessed enough strength and confidence for the fight to come.

"You sure do like to play jokes." The Demon Lord smiled slightly and did not seem to take Bai Zemin's words to heart or perhaps he was simply holding back his murderous intent, only he knew the truth. "Bai Zemin, to be honest, even I am surprised by what I will say, but I think considering your monstrous talent and power I believe you are worthy of me making such a proposal."

A proposal? The ever arrogant and proud Demon Lord actually wanted to make him a proposal to reach a peaceful agreement with a human? This was beyond belief!

The number of soul evolvers who began to anticipate the battle between the two suddenly increased tremendously and the pixie princess looked at her father as if bragging about something, earning a sigh from the man and laughter from the other pixies.

"Become my subordinate."

The footsteps of some stopped and the laughing pixies suddenly froze as the Demon Lord's voice spread far and wide.

W- What did the Demon Lord say just now...?

The only one who had no reaction either outwardly or inwardly was Bai Zemin.

"I told you this old man was going to try to recruit you," Lilith commented as she walked to Bai Zemin's right.

The Demon Lord continued, "I will use my skill to make sure you can't betray me, in return, I will make you the king of all humans. You will be above millions but only below one. Women? As many as you want. Treasures? They will be at your disposal. Luxuries? They will be no less than mine. Instead of fighting a battle to the death where victory is not certain, wouldn't it be better to ally? Happy ending for all, peace between both races just as you humans claim to have been seeking for countless years."

It had to be said that the words spoken by the Demon Lord were indeed tempting. Even the hearts of most of the humans walking behind Bai Zemin were touched and as they looked at each other they noticed that many of them would definitely accept the Demon Lord's proposal if they were in Bai Zemin's shoes.

At the end of the day, no one wanted to die or take the risk of what could be death. If another living being was willing to give them everything in exchange for being his subordinate and not betraying him then why not accept? Just as many students tried to please their teachers or employees to their employers with fake smiles for a better grade or a possible promotion, this was not much different; and Bai Zemin knew it.

However, the Demon Lord still didn't seem to understand the kind of person the existence called Bai Zemin was.

He stopped and looked the Demon Lord in the eyes after the Demon Lord stopped beside him.

"I see you are still underestimating me, but that's fine with me too." Bai Zemin stepped forward to the point where their eyes were so close to each other that they could practically feel the breath of the other.

His firm, cruel, bloodthirsty voice sent chills down everyone's souls as he very slowly replied to the proposal of the strongest soul evolver in Eventide World.

"I, Bai Zemin, made a promise to a very kind girl on her deathbed that I would definitely take revenge for her death, and I, Bai Zemin, treat my words as if they were gold. Even if you, Ar'gon, are not directly involved with this girl's death, you definitely are indirectly. Therefore, today, I, Bai Zemin, swear in the name of my loved ones that I will definitely, no matter how and no matter what the cost, put an end to you."

The faces of the humans behind Bai Zemin turned as white as a sheet and even the other races whose facial color changed based on their emotions and blood circulation also changed as they felt a surge of fear hitting their souls so hard that some of them even took half a step back.

Among them, Seraphina, Ellis, and King Philip who knew the fact that Bai Zemin was not a person of this world looked at each other in confusion.

Who was the girl Bai Zemin was talking about? Anna had died before Bai Zemin confronted the Demon Lord so it was impossible for it to be her. As for Kat, everyone believed that her body was probably somewhere in this world or had already been disappeared unless she was hiding somewhere, but the last option was very improbable.

Whoever this girl was, it was clear from Bai Zemin's words and the ferocity in his voice that in her own way she had become of importance; enough for him to consider the Demon Lord a target to eliminate even if he had to put his life on the line to achieve it.

"That's a shame to hear." The Demon Lord kept the smile on his face and stared into Bai Zemin's eyes for several seconds before saying in a calm manner that seemed to herald the impending storm, "I thought you were someone wise...but I guess I was wrong."

Bai Zemin resumed his walk to the entrance, and just before stepping into the tower, he stopped. He looked over his shoulder at the Demon Lord and said in a cold voice, "Women? I have the woman I love. Luxuries? I have everything I need to live and survive. As for treasures..."

He took a step forward and half of his body disappeared after passing through the thin membrane of energy in the shape of a door.

"I'll prove to you in here that I can have whatever treasures I want, with my own hands!"VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

His words echoed for a second as they spread across the length and breadth of the field.

Everyone looked at the Demon Lord, even the humans following Bai Zemin forgot to move forward.

Surprisingly, the Demon Lord chuckled and said apparently to someone in particular: "For the record, I tried, just as you asked me to. However, he rejected my proposal so now you can't blame me."

The Demon Lord walked towards the tower, and just before he disappeared his voice echoed just as Bai Zemin's voice did just a moment before.

"I'm so glad that this insolent and arrogant brat rejected my offer! Only by tearing him into a thousand pieces will I be able to calm the fury in my heart!"

Although it was only for a second, the murderous intent that was released from the Demon Lord's body just before he completely disappeared was so strong that even the most powerful existences present recoiled a step back.

King Philip looked at all the humans around him warily and soon they all began to look warily at each other.

The Demon Lord's words seemed to suggest that there was someone among them who was in communication with the demon race, a traitor. After all, who else besides a human would ask for another human?

Even after almost everyone had entered the giant tower, the humans still had not moved from their places and each of them was trying to figure out who the traitor was. There was a great battle to come, and if they could not trust their companions then the possibilities of victory would plummet to critical levels as soon as the first explosion sounded.

The pixie princess flew towards them as she saw the problem, attracting everyone's attention with her presence.

"Our pixie race is a close-knit race where we all fight for the good of all, so I won't say I know how you all feel right now." She said. Despite her small size, her voice was no different than any adult woman's as was the seriousness in her beautiful face, "However, I would like you not to discount the possibility that Demon Lord Ar'gon might have said those words precisely to achieve this effect of distrust among you. If you cannot give your all today then I fear there may be no tomorrow for you."

Without waiting for responses, she flew toward the tower and soon disappeared beyond the thin energy membrane.

Gu Lim was the first to run straight out jumping towards the tower without waiting for anyone. Soon after, the others followed behind.

The pixie princess was right, this was a matter that concerned the existence of two races after all. If they could not overcome this trial before the final battle then the fate of all of them, as well as their loved ones, would be sealed in stone.

What was beyond? No one knew exactly, however, what everyone knew was that the battle that would soon break out would be one that would mark a before and after for Eventide World and its inhabitants.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3