Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 888 A fated betrayal (Part 3)

"Divine Blood Punishment!"

Bai Zemin's words had barely fallen when suddenly everyone froze in their tracks. For a split second, time itself seemed to have paused. However, this was all nothing more than an illusion caused by the sudden stagnation of mana in the area, which at the same time froze the wind from blowing and the earth from shaking.

Immediately after that, the earth split and its color turned crimson, covering an area of approximately 5000 meters with Bai Zemin as the core.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!...

"Wh- What?!"

"What the hell is this?!"

"Dammit, these things don't break!"

The demon general and the rest of the soul evolvers within the area affected by the Divine Blood Punishment skill first panicked as their bodies were restrained by chains of blood that after coiling around them. No matter how many times they broke them, more kept coming back out from the ground like endless plagues.

"Uh... They don't do anything?"

However, there were soon some who realized that the chains of blood seemed to have no function whatsoever as it didn't actually hinder movement at all nor did it hurt or much less diminish the battle power of anyone present.

Just when everyone was wondering why Bai Zemin had activated such a useless skill and consumed precious Mana pointlessly, the Demon Lord's shout drew everyone's eyes and even the soul evolvers of the human race and the demon race separated for a moment in order to better understand what was going on.

"What the hell is that?!" The Demon Lord's eyes were bloodshot as he looked at the scene in front of him with a bleeding heart, "Bai Zemin, I swear to tear you into a million pieces no matter what!!!"

Bai Zemin kept an indifferent expression on his face but was actually sighing in relief in his heart as he watched the effect his skill was having.

The now approximately thirty-four living corpses whose combat power was comparable to Third Order level 140 soul evolvers suddenly began to rot at visible speeds. Some lost their arms, others a leg, chunks of rotting flesh and desiccated skin fell to the ground.

However, what was most remarkable was the fact that the thirty-four corpses had weakened tremendously and the auras exuding from their bodies were now barely comparable to that of a level 70 Second Order soul evolvers!

The Demon Lord felt his heart about to break as he watched his puppets weaken to the point of becoming trash! Only he knew how many resources and natural treasures he had consumed over the past week to create them not to mention the effort he and his generals had to put in to kill every single one of them!

Those were king of kingdom soul evolvers, for god's sake! They were the pinnacle of Eventide World!

Demon Lord Ar'gon had intended to use those corpses as a trump card and in fact it was his most powerful card to surprise Bai Zemin, but little did he expect to meet this kind of miserable fate!

Bai Zemin lashed forward with his whip, hitting the head of one of the corpses and making it explode into a bloody mess with complete ease. The movements of his enemies had slowed down tremendously and each of their attacks became even more predictable than they already were, it was a piece of cake for him to finish off half of them in a matter of fractions of a second.

-----------

[Blazing Punishment of Divine Blood (Fourth Order active skill) level 1: ... ]

[First activation (Blazing Blood Punishment): ... ]

[Second activation (Divine Blood Punishment): Using the power of your bloodline, creates a temporary domain that causes the power of all enemies whose bloodline is subordinate to fall. Effect: Consumes 500 Mana points to activate and 5 Mana points per second to maintain active for up to 30 minutes. All enemies whose bloodline is below the user's will have their power rank reduced by 1 Order and this effect cannot be dodged, avoided, or ignored regardless of the level difference. NOTE: If the user's bloodline is lower, all stats will drop by 10% for 30 minutes even if the domain is deactivated.]

-----------

Bai Zemin had no way of understanding exactly how this skill worked. At the end of the day, he did not know which was a strong bloodline and which was not.

Bai Zemin's fear was that by activating this skill perhaps the demon bloodline was more powerful than his human bloodline, if this was the case then he would end up doing himself more harm than good. However, he gambled well this time.

The demon and human bloodlines were equally strong, so there was no benefit or punishment for Bai Zemin. However, the walking corpses were a different matter; they were already dead, their bloodline was non-existent so naturally they could not compare to Bai Zemin who was alive, which led to all the Demon Lord's puppets losing a stage of power when the blood chains that came out underground surrounded them.

After finishing off all the weakened puppets, Bai Zemin did not charge towards the Demon Lord but jumped backwards, causing his opponent to be confused as to his action.

As the spears of darkness and spears of blood continued clashing in the sky and causing thunderous mana explosions that kept everyone away from the area, Bai Zemin's golden whip suddenly glowed and an instant later turned into a beautiful and elegant gold-colored bow.

The Demon Lord pointed his sword forward and shouted mightily, "Underworld Arrow!"

Bang!

Bang!

After two almost simultaneous bangs, a deep blue arrow streaked across the skies towards the Demon Lord and another deep black arrow flew towards Bai Zemin from the opposite direction.

As they met in mid-flight, both arrows skimmed each other before each continued on their course.

The Demon Lord erected a shield of darkness using the shadows around him, thus resisting the arrow's explosion and avoiding being consumed by the flames.

As for Bai Zemin, he didn't bother with dodging and instead began to launch a rain of fire arrows towards the Demon Lord.

BOOM!!!

He grunted slightly in pain and part of his face was burned when the black flames exploded after hitting him. However, the true damage was not much despite his appearance thanks to the skill Ruler of All Matter.

In fact, Bai Zemin used 50% of the enemy's power to throw it back at the Demon Lord who at this moment could only hide behind his shield of darkness while Bai Zemin was running all over the place trying to surround him and give him a good blow.

BOOOOM!!! BOOOOM!!! BOOOOM!!!! BOOOOM!!!! ....

Bai Zemin squinted his eyes as it became difficult for him to see the current situation clearly. Not only had his eyesight been dyed blood red but his right eye was now out of action as he was forced to close it when the black flames blasted out before or else he might have lost his sight forever.

His condition was not very good, his Health stats had dropped too much due to the greatsword. However, after another five seconds of attacking the Demon Lord who was trying to counterattack without much success by making use of all kinds of weapons created from the shadows, Bai Zemin stopped his assault and the golden bow in his hand disappeared.

The Demon Lord took that moment to jump backwards, his armor of darkness was broken in several places and his arms had several burns as his leather armor was consumed and devoured by the blue flames that could not be completely stopped by the shields of darkness he raised.

Just as he jumped back and waved his hand to create something even more powerful than before, the Demon Lord's pupils trembled and his heart shook with fear as his blood-colored eyes met Bai Zemin's cold gaze.

Bai Zemin slightly lowered his stance and tightened his grip on the hilt of the greatsword that Kali had upgraded for him. The tip of the weapon was pointed directly at the Demon Lord and all the blood-red mist had gathered into a single point forming a small spinning sphere.

"Doom Bringer!!"

Bai Zemin's voice echoed across the battlefield as the blood-red spinning orb suddenly burst powerfully outward just like a laser beam becoming wider and wider as it moved out from the weapon.

The Demon Lord felt real life-threatening danger to the point where every hair on his body stood on end. He stretched both hands forward and didn't care about Mana's consumption as he yelled in a rush, "Unending Darkness!!"

A huge black mouth shot out from his hands in the direction of the blood-red beam. The mouth opened wide, awaiting the arrival of the beam to devour it.

This was precisely the skill that had prevented the Demon Lord from suffering serious wounds a week ago when Bai Zemin launched his upgraded Crimson Blood Judgment!

"Hahahaha! It's completely useless!" Bai Zemin laughed good-naturedly even as multiple parts of his body exploded and blood began to cover his entire person.

Under the Demon Lord's eyes filled with fear and astonishment, the blood-red beam continued past the blood mouth that had closed to form a large sphere of darkness. The beam of energy continued its path splitting the sphere of darkness in two but without damaging it at all; it was as if there was nothing in its path as it continued flying towards the Demon Lord, and before he could do anything, his body was engulfed by the blood red beam of light.

A howl of pain not unlike that of a wounded beast experiencing the worst of torments sent chills down the spines of everyone present.

The demon generals and the soul evolvers fighting them broke apart as the sky turned blood red and the howl of pain from the Demon Lord spread far and wide.

"That boy... to think that he is making Ar'gon scream in pain like this." Mei Lin's voice spread throughout as she looked up to the sky with exhausted eyes.

Her body was riddled with burns and there were several streams of blood running down to the ground. She had been the main defense and attack to hold back the terrifying wyvern and prevent it from taking to the sky, therefore, she had naturally taken the brunt of the damage.

Even then, the Wyvern of Purple Flames wasn't in good condition either. His body was not only riddled with wounds caused by the King of Gales but 1/4 of his massive figure was imprisoned under a thick layer of frost from which he was struggling to break out.

At that moment, the blood-red light finally disappeared and the body of the Demon Lord falling from the sky was revealed to everyone. Even Bai Zemin was surprised by what he saw as he did not expect something like this at all.

Demon Lord Ar'gon's left arm had exploded into a mist of blood, all the skin on his face was gone and the purple flesh was visible to everyone. Behind his back were two black wings with which he had probably tried to escape at the last moment but without success, the wings were now torn apart despite being composed of pure darkness.

Looking at that figure falling from the sky, everyone regardless of whether it was human or not gasped as they tried to process what they were seeing.

The Demon Lord... Ar'gon, that legendary figure that stood at the top for centuries, that soul evolver that no one dared to challenge, the ruler of the demon race that terrorized mankind for so long... had been defeated?

"Zemin, finish him off!!!" Roared the King of Gales, waking everyone from their slumber.

The excitement and anger in the king's voice could be felt by anyone as he stared with bloodshot eyes at the Demon Lord falling from the sky. This was true revenge for his late wife, Queen Helena!

Just at that moment, Bai Zemin felt his shadow move strangely and his evolved Danger Sense skill triggered. His only open eye closed as a strong stream of blood shot out, but despite knowing the danger he faced, he didn't move.

"Watch out!" Princess Dianna shouted with terror-filled eyes.

"Behind you!" The pixie princess yelled in fright as well when she saw the Demon Lord emerge from Bai Zemin's shadow.

"Ugh..." Bai Zemin's face contorted in pain as not only his gravity armor was pierced but even his armor was pierced through.

The Demon Lord tried to thrust his sword further but all he managed to do was pierce through to the middle of the back without reaching the heart at all. To his horror, his enemy's response was not what he expected.VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Bai Zemin spat blood and chuckled as he said in a cheerful voice, "I've been waiting for this moment. I have built this up for you to 40,000 damage so be sure to savor it, Ar'gon!"

The Demon Lord's incinerated face contorted as he saw the deep blue lotus on his enemy's cloak suddenly brighten and he finally realized that this would be the final blow.

It was just at that moment when one of the human soul evolvers who had been fighting a demon general suddenly turned and at a surprising speed turned into a flash of golden light towards the Demon Lord.

Just as everyone was wondering what this person was doing and others were preparing to shout for that person to stop because it was dangerous, everyone froze in shock as this person activated a skill to help not Bai Zemin but the Demon Lord!

While the demon generals rejoiced, the humans despaired.

None of them could believe what they were seeing, especially when this person activated a skill to attack Bai Zemin from a distance.

None of them could believe it except for two existences; three if Lilith was included.

In the sky, Lilith smiled proudly despite her beloved's miserable condition.

"I was waiting for this moment too..." Bai Zemin muttered before shouting aloud, "Gu Lim!!!"

Gu Lim's armor roared like an engine as he turned into a flash of golden light, greatly surprising this person as he raised his saber high and roared furiously, "Die!"

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3