Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 892 Handing over all his power & Losing his consciousness

Bai Zemin looked at the soul evolver who had just stepped forward, his expression was unreadable as he calmly said, "Zilug, I don't think I'm understanding very well what you mean by those words."

The giant jade orc towering into the sky with a height of 70 meters sighed and said in a heavy voice, "Zemin, let's not play dumb, we are all adults here even if the age gap is big... I think we are all capable of understanding how things work in this world."

With great difficulty, Bai Zemin managed to move a little away from Gu Lim and Seraphina. His steps faltered as he walked forward a meter or two before stopping.

"So, what you're saying is that you want me to hand over the treasure that I obtained through my own efforts?" he asked calmly.

"Don't put it that way." Zilug shook his head and remarked, "A Demigod-grade treasure is something that has never been seen in the history of all our world, therefore it is only natural that the destined one should own it. I admit that you are stronger than all of us, even Ar'gon ended up dying at your hands. However, strength is sometimes not enough and the fact that you are not in a position to protect the treasure is proof of that."

"Indeed, I agree with my companion's words." A giant tree about 200 meters high advanced, shaking the earth and taking root even under the lava.

Several others advanced, all of them Third Order soul evolvers.

"Bai Zemin, quickly bring out the treasure so we can all discuss what to do next."

"That is correct. Quickly bring out the Demigod grade treasure and we will choose the owner in the way that is most correct."

"Hmph, if you know what's good for you then get the treasure out before things get rough."

...

They all looked pretty wild and on the verge of losing their patience. In fact, the only reason they hadn't attacked Bai Zemin yet was probably partly because they had a bit of caution in their hearts and partly because they didn't know if the Demigod grade treasure was bound to Bai Zemin in a way that even death couldn't break.

"All of you!" Seraphina's body began to tremble from anger as she saw that among those who had advanced there were even a lot of humans. There were many curses she wanted to say, but her education was too good for it so in the end she only managed to blurt out one word between her teeth: "Shameless!"

Gu Lim said nothing, but his action of tightly clenching both sabers while looking at everyone with a cold expression was probably enough to let everyone know where he stood in this battle that could break out in the next second.

Of course, there were some soul evolvers who were still hesitating as to what to do next.

For example, some of the kings of kingdom.

Queen Eloise of the Pralan Kingdom had a conflicted expression on her face. Although she was extremely fearful of Bai Zemin's power, the opportunity to obtain a Demigod-grade treasure was something that only came once in a lifetime not to mention the opportunity to take a treasure of such magnitude from the hands of an irregularity. However, the Queen of Pralan had her own pride that would not allow her to act so brazenly, and that was precisely why she was struggling over what decision to make.

Seeing the look of struggle on her mother's face, Princess Dianna sighed. She took her hand gently and whispered, "Mother, in the past, I let greed blind me for a moment and that led me to make a decision that could have killed me and even put our entire kingdom in danger... I hope you did not forget that."

Queen Eloise's heart fluttered as she heard her daughter's words, and when she looked at the calm expression on Bai Zemin's partially disfigured face, her face turned even paler than it already was.

"Let's go, let's support him." Said the Queen of Pralan, she pulled her daughter's hand to stand behind Bai Zemin next to Gu Lim and the second princess of Gales.

Dianna smiled and followed her in silence.

"Father, you..." Princess Bianca looked at her father who seemed resolute in his posture to fight for the treasure.

"Do not say more, Bianca." King Edward waved a hand and said in a firm voice: "I know what I am doing is cowardly, but sometimes life presents us with this kind of opportunity and if we pass it up we will regret it forever."

"What are you going to do after the treasure is no longer in Bai Zemin's hands? Are you going to fight against everyone here? Do you really think you are powerful enough to be victorious against each and every Third Order soul evolver present?!" Princess Bianca tried her best to stop her father from feuding over a treasure with a person she considered a friend.

King Edward sighed and said softly as he looked at his daughter, "Bianca, I know that Bai Zemin saved you and I am very grateful for that. However, this matter concerns not only the royal family of our kingdom but the kingdom itself.... My position is not easy."

"You!" Princess Bianca gritted her teeth as tears of anger and pain streamed down her face. It was hard for her to associate her father with the ungrateful, fraudulent person in front of her. Finally, she took a deep breath and nodded, "Very well! Since you have made your choice then I will make my own decision not as a princess of the Lidora Kingdom but as a soul evolver!"

"Bianca? What- Brat, what do you think you're doing?!" King Edward was surprised when he saw his daughter suddenly running to Bai Zemin's side and standing close to him.

Bianca ignored him and closed her eyes to try to calm some of the pain she felt in her chest.

Gu Lim looked at the princess of the Lidora Kingdom with an expression of gratitude but at the same time sadness. The choice she had just taken was a very hard one, many would surely collapse.

The king of the pixie race looked at the scene with an indifferent expression before waving his hand and calmly ordering, "Let's go. That Bai Zemin kid saved Scarlet before, it's time to return the favor."

None of the pixies hesitated and Princess Scarlet nodded, they all followed the king with no intention of fighting against Bai Zemin. At the end of the day, the pixie race was a close-knit race that would do anything for any of its members and at the same time they knew how to repay the favors others did for one of their own, not to mention that the one Bai Zemin saved was the next queen of the pixie race.

Bai Zemin looked at all the evolvers behind him, there were several and although he could only see their fuzzy silhouettes he managed to identify their identities roughly by their souls and records.

King Philip, King Felix, Queen Eloise, Gu Lim, Seraphina, Bianca, Dianna, Evans, Scarlet, the soul evolvers of the pixie race, and three other Third Order soul evolvers whose names Bai Zemin never tried to remember but definitely wouldn't forget after this day.

He nodded to himself before turning to look at those who had decided to become his enemies. His enemies were many more than his allies, even though there were three kings of kingdom and a queen of kingdom, as well as Gu Lim who could compare to a demon general with his high-tech armor, it was far from enough to stand up to over 100 Third Order soul evolvers among which there were several whose strength was comparable to that of a king of kingdom or demon general.

"Are you all sure you want to turn into my enemies?" his voice was calm, neither too high nor too low. He said slowly, "I, Bai Zemin, am not a butcher... but I definitely do not spare anyone who gets on my path. All those who want to keep me away from my loved ones will be purged no matter what. Keep that in mind before you decide."

Mei Lin in her giant evolved snake form sighed. She really liked Bai Zemin, so she tried to talk some sense into him, "Zemin boy, why don't you just hand over the treasure? I promise I'll do my best not to let anyone here hurt you."

"Bullshit." Bai Zemin scoffed and said coldly, "You think I'm a three-year-old kid or what? No one in their right mind would let an anomaly like me walk out of this dungeon alive after deciding to antagonize me."

Mei Lin sighed again, except that this time it was a much heavier sigh compared to the previous one and shook her head. Even though her mouth didn't open, her voice reached everyone, "What a pity..."

Seeing that everyone had made their decision, Bai Zemin decided that it was enough of this nonsense.

"Gu Lim, come here."

"Big brother?" Gu Lin walked over and looked at him in confusion.

"I have a skill that will allow me to make you my subordinate, you will never be able to betray me. It is the same skill that every king or queen of kingdom has." Bai Zemin said. After a pause, he asked, "Would you like to become my subordinate?"

He did not promise wealth, honors, women, luxuries, or anything similar. Although Bai Zemin and Gu Lim had only known each other for a short period of time, the two had come to know very well the kind of person the other was thanks to all the things they had been through in the dungeon.

Gu Lim patted his chest and said confidently, "I, Gu Lim, the most handsome man of all and the most outstanding talent in history, am willing to follow you, big brother."

'... At least question how I can have this skill despite not being a king of kingdom.'' Bai Zemin did not know whether to laugh or cry.

However and despite all the nonsense he said, Gu Lim's posture was more than firm.

"All right, then you go and kill them all." Bai Zemin said suddenly and the atmosphere froze as the others heard his words.

"... Bai Zemin, our patience is finite." Zilug's voice became serious and indeed there was a trace of anger on the faces of the soul evolvers who stood next to him.

"This... Big brother, it's not that I don't want to do it but I'm afraid that even the handsome me is not capable of such a thing..." Gu Lim scratched his cheek, his helmet needed to be repaired as it had been broken in the previous battle along with several parts of his armor.

Just then, the message that Bai Zemin wanted to make him his loyal follower flashed in Gu Lim's eyes and he accepted without much thought.

However...

"What the fuck?!" Gu Lim looked at Bai Zemin in shock as he felt to be connected to several other existences.

However, what shocked Gu Lim was the fact that all these existences were not even living in this world!

"Big brother, you..."

Gu Lim stopped himself from saying what he was about to say. He knew that this was probably a big secret that the less others knew the better.

Bai Zemin didn't give him time to think too much as he soon activated a skill that had been gathering dust in his soul. After all, Bai Zemin had never been pushed into a situation this bad enough to rely on that skill.

"All For One."

Suddenly, Gu Lim grunted in pain as his entire body began to strengthen all at once along with his soul. Countless records flashed in his eyes, leaving him breathless.

[You have received Strength.... You have received Agility.... You have received Stamina.... You have received Magic.... You have received Mana....]Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Wha-" Gu Lim couldn't believe that this power was his, he looked at his hands as if to confirm that this was really his body but he didn't have time as he soon heard a thud next to him, and as he turned around, he got the scare of his life.

"Big brother!"

"Orc!"

"Bai Zemin!"

...

Everyone suddenly panicked when they saw Bai Zemin collapsing on his back.

Bai Zemin made a great effort to gently tighten his grip on Seraphina's hand in an attempt to calm her down as she was squeezing him too hard: "Ponytails.... If you squeeze my hand this hard.... My bones will turn to dust..."

His voice was weak as was his body. All of his stats had returned to what they were before Bai Zemin killed his first enemy after the Soul Record's arrival on Earth with the only exception being his Health stat which could not be moved and was currently beyond 1000 natural points; reason why despite his situation the wounds on his body continued to heal with each passing second and reason why Bai Zemin had not used Blood Immortal Radiance before.

Feeling his eyes closing, Bai Zemin knew that he would soon be losing consciousness and probably wouldn't wake up for a while. He barely managed to mumble a few words in a weak voice: "G- Gu Lim, you...."

"Leave it to me!" Gu Lim gritted his teeth and didn't let Bai Zemin continue speaking in order not to waste energy.

Bai Zemin finally sighed in relief and nodded, letting his consciousness be swept away by the darkness as Seraphina held onto his body and looked at everyone warily as if she was protecting the most precious thing in the world.

Gu Lim took a deep breath and looked at everyone with a cold expression. The Soul Stone in his armor glowed, increasing his power to a point just below Bai Zemin using Overlap Regeneration before dashing forward at lightning speed.

"Time to take out the trash!"

...

At the same time that Bai Zemin had just engaged in a great battle, in China Shangguan Bing Xue was also having her own battle along with the entire Transcendent faction.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3