Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 894 Shangguan Bing Xue vs XuanyuanWentian: Final

The explosions lasted for more than two hours, all survivors within the great walls of the northernmost city of Xicheng District were forced to lock themselves in their homes with a military order that anyone seen on the streets would be executed immediately.

After about an hour and a half of explosions mainly from tank cannons, anti-tank missiles, ballistic mortars, grenades, sky-launched missiles, howitzers, IFVs, and other heavy weaponry, what followed was silence for no more than a minute before even more terrifying explosions began to shake the ground of the base almost completely.

However, those terrifying explosions caused by active skills and powerful soul evolvers only lasted for about thirty minutes before becoming more and more distant to the point where now the survivors in the base could barely hear faint bangs coming from a distance.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Although there were many who wanted to know what was happening, no one really dared to leave their homes not only for fear of being executed after breaking the rules but because even the youngest children now knew that whatever was going on was definitely beyond the imagination. For these survivors whose levels had barely risen at all after being fed with meat and vegetables from the new world, the less they stuck their heads out of the window the higher their chances of surviving another day would probably be.

Fortunately, none of the survivors left their homes and decided to go up to the top of the base walls to look out over the distant horizon in a westerly direction. Otherwise, most of them who had been far from danger and were ignorant of how terrifying the outside world was would probably have a heart attack; that was if they didn't suffer a heart attack first at the sight of the more than 80 destroyed war tanks along with all kinds of heavy machinery and frozen or dismembered corpses.

Although the weather was cold, the temperature today was clearly a lot cooler than normal.

Although the sky was bright, bright flashes of unnatural light could be seen constantly glimmering in the distance.

Although the wind was howling strongly, the icy wind from the west pressed all other wind gusts in its favor and froze them in a way that definitely could not have been caused by nature.

Finally, although the ground was previously covered with snow, it was now covered by a thin layer of crystalline ice.

About 15 kilometers west of the base, two silhouettes were clashing at ghostly speeds.

One was enveloped by extremely sharp silver lights that shattered anything that got in its way while the other was surrounded by blue lightning that boosted the user's speed thus pushing her out of harm's way.

"Redemption!"

A male voice thundered in the middle of the destroyed snowy field.

The man's sword released a brilliant milk-white radiance and with a swift sweep of his arm the white light shot out in a crescent shape towards the enemy a few feet ahead.

The man's opponent was a woman, but she did not panic in the face of the man's attack that had enough power to cut down a mountain.

The woman's sword blazed with a faint blue light and with a graceful swing the blue light turned into a great blast of frosty mist.

"Blizzard."

The woman's voice was as cold as the mist that advanced and froze everything in its path, turning the land that had been revealed after so many explosions into a super-sized ice field.

Under the man's bloodshot eyes, the woman's skill seemed to be able to freeze even magic itself as the power of his Redemption skill was diminishing as well as the speed.

Shangguan Bing Xue extended her free hand forward, and to Xuanyuan Wentian's shock, she held the now completely frozen white light.

"This doesn't work against me anymore."

Bang!

With a seemingly light grip that actually contained enough strength to crush a house, Xuanyuan Wentian's Redemption skill exploded and turned into a pile of tiny ice particles that served as an ornament to further enhance the beauty on Shangguan Bing Xue's fatally indifferent face.

Swoosh!

Shangguan Bing Xue showed no mercy to her opponent even though he was her father. She closed the distance in an instant and making use of her swordsmanship, as well as her high Agility comparable to that of Eventide World's most powerful demon general and her crowd control skills, the advantage tilted more and more in her favor.

"You are really a pathetic man, Xuanyuan Wentian."

In the midst of her attacks and occasional defense, Shangguan Bing Xue released all her frustration verbally. She did not hold back at all with her words and said the exact same words that had been stuck in her chest during all this time.

"How does it feel to be being backed into a corner like this by the daughter you threw aside like she was trash?"

"How does it feel that the woman you abandoned has successfully become a powerful soul evolver while that witch-like wife of yours stays at home enjoying the comfortable life despite knowing that you, her husband, is risking his life to give her that comfort?"

"Really... You are so pathetic that a great deal of my abhorrence for you has turned into pity now."

"ENOUGH, YOU INSOLENT BRAT!!!"

Xuanyuan Wentian burst out and his entire body seemed to turn into a sword for an instant as he roared, "Splitting the World!"

Shangguan Bing Xue's expression changed very slightly, but her lips curved into a sneer as her body flickered and disappeared. She appeared about 20 meters to the left of Xuanyuan Wentian and what replaced her was an ice statue.

There was a slight hissing sound as a thin silver light shot out from Xuanyuan Wentian's sword after he slashed. The silver light moved so fast that it disappeared into the distant horizon in just a thousandth of a second.

For a moment it didn't seem like anything had happened, however, an instant after that calm, a thin line cut perfectly through the ice statue and both halves fell to the ground with a thud. Both parts of the statue were so well cut that they were no different from polished mirrors.

Furthermore, a thin line with Xuanyuan Wentian as the start seemed to separate the world into two as it stretched out to where the eye could not reach. Although the line was thin, its depth seemed to be terrifying as all that could be seen when looking inside was darkness.

Rumble...

Shangguan Bing Xue watched indifferently as a mountain several kilometers distant slowly collapsed before turning to look at the man who was her father.

"That's all you have?" she asked.

Though there were a few wounds on her body and her armor was a bit scorched with cuts here and there, nothing too serious. If not for her chest rising and falling in an irregular pattern it would be hard for others to associate her with someone who had been fighting against someone so powerful as Xuanyuan Wentian.

However, everyone would be terrified if they discovered that before this battle, Shangguan Bing Xue had consumed a large amount of Stamina points after fighting a solo war against a large armed army and later another battle against a legion of soul evolvers.

Xuanyuan Wentian was panting heavily, his one arm trembling as he clung tightly to his sword. His hair was a mess and even though his body was covered in cuts and ice-enclosed parts he was bathed in his own sweat.

He could not understand. While it was true that his power had fallen greatly after the loss of one of his arms, Xuanyuan Wentian was now a level 110 soul evolver; he had successfully made it into the Third Order. However, he was still being defeated by the girl in front of him so easily!

In fact, when it came to large-scale destructive power, Bai Zemin was the supreme king. However, even Bai Zemin could not compare to Xuanyuan Wentian's piercing damage and sword attacks.

Xuanyuan Wentian's path was similar to Bai Zemin's, except that instead of overwhelming everything that stood in his way what Xuanyuan Wentian did was to cut it down. By focusing so much on power and speed, all his other stats weren't too amazing comparatively; it was exactly this reason why despite having the skill 'Super Warrior' he still couldn't match Shangguan Bing Xue who slowly wore him down with ranged attacks before pouncing like a lioness into melee attack.

"Why don't you throw more nukes?" Shangguan Bing Xue sneered and said disdainfully, "It wasn't enough for you to be a coward that time two months ago but after you found out that you were being cornered just threw two more nukes. Say, Mr. President... How did it feel to find out that your most reliable weapon is now trash against our Transcendent faction?"

Xuanyuan Wentian gritted his teeth without saying anything. It was true that after being cornered before he launched two nuclear warheads, but to his horror and disbelief, the missiles never exploded and instead shut down after approaching the target.

He just couldn't figure out what was going o, therefore, he sent spies... but none of them managed to discover anything. In fact, most of them never came back, something Xuanyuan Wentian expected, the other party would definitely be hiding this kind of information at the state secret level.

"Waste of time. For a scum like you to have pushed Bai Zemin away from home for so long by making use of such a cowardly attack.... Just thinking about it makes me want to cut you into a million pieces!"

For the first time, Shangguan Bing Xue showed mood changes. Her eyes flashed with murderous intent as she said through gritted teeth, "Elf Queen's Frozen Pride."

When the sapphire-colored stone in the center of the delicate crown-like ornament on Shangguan Bing Xue's head shone, Xuanyuan Wentian felt every hair on his body stand on end.

Faced with the danger of inevitable death, he planned to activate a single-use treasure that would allow him to teleport to a long distance. However, all his movements froze when Shangguan Bing Xue's cold but fatal voice entered his ears.

"If you run now I swear to you on what I love most in this world that I will hunt for your wife and that son of yours to release the anger I feel in my heart against them."

"You!" Xuanyuan Wentian was furious, but to his consternation, Shangguan Bing Xue's words hit his weak spot.

A faint but beautiful smile appeared on her fairy-like face as she said disdainfully, "Who would have thought that family was your weakness? If you don't want your pretty wife to be used by the dirtiest survivors and your useless son thrown out on the streets better don't run, Xuanyuan Wentian ..... I hate this kind of actions, but since two months ago I have been holding back and at this moment I am not in my right mind.... I advise you to be obedient or keep fighting, for everyone's better, that's it."

In fact, Xuanyuan Wentian did not dare to move when he saw the slight vicious glint on the face of the beautiful girl in front of him. He could tell that Shangguan Bing Xue really wasn't lying, the anger she felt was so great that if he fled instead of fighting she would definitely take it out on his loved ones.

If Xuanyuan Wentian could continue to fight then he would not have to flee, and thus his family would not be in danger. Unfortunately, the victor was already more than clear to both of them.

His body slowly began to be covered by a thin layer of ice, and although Xuanyuan Wentian tried to resist he was surprised to find that he could not cut through that ice at all. He raised his head and saw that behind Shangguan Bing Xue, without him knowing when, the indistinct silhouette of a beautiful woman appeared like a ghost.

The silhouette of the beautiful woman pointed her finger towards Xuanyuan Wentian and a large volume of mist advanced as Shangguan Bing Xue fed it with her Mana.

This was ice that even Xuanyuan Wentian could not cut through.

From the feet, slowly the calves, and then the entirety of Xuanyuan Wentian's legs were covered in ice. The mist was slowly making the ice ascend and it would not be long before it covered his entire body, sealing and killing him.

Shangguan Bing Xue's silver-white hair was free of ties and gently swayed in the howling wind. Her beautiful face was like a work of art and her blue eyes were devoid of emotions as she watched the man in front of her slowly being devoured by her ice.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3