Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 897 Title spoiler at the end of thechapter

Eventide World, Gales Kingdom, Royal Family Castle.

Seraphina looked at the person lying in bed with a sad expression on her face.

A light gust of wind blew and the white curtains on the large window that stretched from the floor to the ceiling on the side opposite the bed swayed gently letting for a moment the rays of sunlight shine more brightly into the spacious room.

Seraphina looked up slightly and as she saw the incredibly beautiful woman in front of her a slight smile that was sweet but also filled with exhaustion appeared on her face.

"Big sister Lilith, you're back."

"I've only been gone for one hour and did you miss me?" Lilith smiled gently as she sat on the edge of the bed next to Bai Zemin's unconscious body. "Seraphina, I've told you that you can rest at ease but you don't listen to me.... With me here, no one can hurt him."

Seraphina shook her head and was about to say something when a light knock sounded at the door. Her expression immediately turned to one of wariness as she said in a deep voice, "Who is it?"

"Princess Seraphina, I have brought your breakfast."

A maid's voice sounded from outside.FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Seraphina's expression did not relax at all as she said in an authoritative tone, "I've said a thousand times that I don't want anyone to come near this place, am I speaking in a language you don't understand?"

"B- But, Your Majesty Philip-"

"Dismiss, and tell my father that I'm eating properly so he has no need to worry." Seraphina interrupted the maid.

After a few seconds of silence and followed by a small sigh, the maid's voice resumed, "Understood, as you wish."

Soon, the sound of footsteps walking away sounded for a couple of seconds before all became quiet once again.

Lilith looked at the young princess in front of her with a soft smile on her face. Memories of what happened during this time began to flash into her head one by one.

It had been two months since the battle against Demon Lord Ar'gon, and during those two months, Bai Zemin had not opened his eyes or moved one of his fingers even once.

Many things had changed in Eventide World.

With the death of the vast majority of kings and queens, it was impossible to hide the news, so once everyone had left the dungeon and parted to walk their own paths back home it was no more than a day before a great shadow of darkness rose over the humans.

However, the news that a human faced off against the terrifying ruler of the demon race in a 1-on-1 battle that eventually ended with the death of the Demon Lord managed to persuade most of the other races to attack the different kingdoms. Of course, the chaos that rose among the humans with the fall of more than 40 kings of kingdoms was by no means minor even without the intervention of other races.

With the fall of the most powerful Third Order powerhouses, the various greedy generals of the different kingdoms used their authority to try to claim the throne of their respective kingdoms. However, this did not go well since in each kingdom there was not a single powerful and greedy general so naturally internal wars broke out resulting in the death of many people.

Humans were a destructive race by nature, it was in their veins to destroy and covet even if it ended up leading to their eventual devastation.

However, just when it seemed that demons were not needed for the destruction of the human race, the only four human kings of kingdoms that survived what would later be known as the Great Hegemon War stepped forward and spent many high-ranking Soul Stones to spread a simple but decisive message among all human kingdoms.

The message was very easy to understand even for children: "Bai Zemin, the hero of mankind who fought and killed the Demon Lord Ar'gon would definitely not tolerate internal wars and whoever went against it would have to suffer the consequences."

For a few days, many generals were dissuaded. Unfortunately, it only took a small spark for these Second Order generals or those who had just stepped into the Third Order to become arrogant.

The response from some kingdoms was, "We are grateful to Bai Zemin for ending the great threat of the Demon Lord, but the internal problems of our kingdoms are ours to solve."

Of course, all these generals appeared decapitated not many days later and their heads were impaled with a spear buried in the front walls of the capital of each of these kingdoms.

Now deterred, no other generals tried to play brave and greed slowly began to recede. However, a problem soon began to appear... and this problem was who would rule the kingdoms that had lost their leaders.

In this type of era, especially now that Eventide World had just entered its third phase of evolution, a kingdom without a leader was no different than a headless chicken; they would run a few steps before falling and never getting back up again.

It was then that a new message spread from the four kings who survived the Great Hegemon War: "Although Bai Zemin managed to kill Demon Lord Ar'gon and the ten general demons were defeated and killed in combat by the union of the human kings and queens, the number of powerful soul evolvers of the demon race is not small."

A month later, a great army composed of over 25,000,000 soul evolvers was formed under the leadership of the three surviving kings and Queen Eloise of the Pralan Kingdom. All the human kingdoms sent around 500,000 troops to cooperate in the operation known as Purple Dyed Peace in view of the blood of the demons they sought to shed.

Although the number of human soul evolvers was enormous, finding each and every place where the demons lived would probably take months if not years. After all, Eventide World was huge and there were many areas that still needed to be explored not to mention the fact that it was impossible for other races to let a huge army pass through their territories, therefore, the generals and strategists of mankind would have to find the best routes to avoid antagonizing other races.

During these two months that had passed since the conclusion of the Great Hegemon War, Seraphina had practically not left Bai Zemin's room and even used the small bathroom in the room to take a shower. She did not allow anyone to approach or enter the room, fearful that someone might hurt Bai Zemin now that he was helpless; Seraphina even avoided bringing any objects from outside for fear that someone would put something dangerous in there and even the food she ate were fruits or vegetables that Lilith gave her.

The only times Seraphina was away from Bai Zemin for a few hours was when she went to see her older sister Ellis, who was unconscious and showing no sign of waking up even though her face was still as perfect as ever and her body had no sign of wounds on it. Although Ellis was allowed to live thanks to Bai Zemin's words, no one really trusted her which was why King Philip was forced to put mana-blocking handcuffs on his eldest daughter's wrists.

Lilith had witnessed the genuine care the little princess in front of her felt for Bai Zemin.

"Seraphina, I hope what happened with your big sister Ellis was a learning experience for you." She sighed under her breath.

"I'm doing this because I want to and because it's the only way I can be calm." Seraphina shook her head softly and added, "My eyes have nothing to do with it."

Lilith nodded after a few seconds, but just as she was about to say something, her expression lit up. She looked quickly at Bai Zemin and even though nothing about him seemed to have changed she didn't take her eyes off him.

"W- What's wrong?" Seraphina automatically stood up and asked anxiously.

"This little scoundrel is finally close to opening his eyes," Lilith whispered, her eyes shone with love and her pupils dilated as she caressed Bai Zemin's face with affection and tenderness.

Because Bai Zemin had consumed Health points and the internal wounds he had suffered during his battle against Demon Lord Ar'gon were tremendously serious, his recovery speed had been very slow during the first month. In fact, were it not for Seraphina periodically using boosting and healing skills on him it was most likely that Bai Zemin would not have been able to make it; this was especially true for the first few days, he was really close to death after the effect of the skill Blood Immortal Radiance faded and his Health plummeted.

Those days were torture for Lilith, and there were more than a few times she took potions out of her storage ring ready to feed him. Were it not for the fact that Seraphina now knew the consequences and stopped her using what little calm she had left, Lilith would have fallen to a Lower Existence long ago.

Seraphina's eyes lit up when she heard that Bai Zemin was about to wake up. She couldn't help but approach the bed, a big smile on her slightly pale and exhausted face would be one of the things he would see first after two months of being unconscious.

However, Seraphina's expression changed and her face went paper white when Bai Zemin opened his eyes.

She subconsciously took a few steps back and stammered under her breath, "Th- Those eyes-"

"Zemin!" Lilith stood up abruptly as she saw that Bai Zemin's eye color became as red as blood. A bad premonition flooded her heart and her face became even paler than Seraphina's as she asked in a trembling voice, "Z- Zemin, you.... What switch of wrath triggered?"

Bai Zemin did not respond immediately but began to pay attention to the enormous amount of messages flashing in his eyes one after another. Tens if not hundreds of records flooded his soul one after another.

[You have received the title Leader of Changtu.]

[Your bases in China, Changtu District, have been firmly established and your rule has spread among more than 90% of the humans in the aforementioned area. Despite your absence, as the leader of the unofficial faction under the name 'Transcendent' you receive the corresponding title]

[You have received the title Leader of Xifeng.]

[Your bases in China, Xifeng District ....]

[You have received the title Leader of Tieling.]

[Your bases in China, Tieling District ....]

...

One after another, names of the different districts and cities of Liaoning Province covered Bai Zemin's retinas as a large number of titles were added to his status window.

However, Liaoning Province was not the only one that had completely fallen into the hands of his faction. Bai Zemin realized that Shangguan Bing Xue and the others had definitely been hard at work as some of those titles from each Province and City began to merge with those that made up that Province or City.

Bai Zemin's records such as 'Leader of Yanqing', 'Leader of Changping', 'Leader of Haidian', 'Leader of Xicheng', and all the other titles of the different districts and sub-districts of Beijing merged, and soon, new records that surpassed the previous ones began to be born.

[You have received the title Ruler of Beijing. Once every 7 days, you can now teleport anywhere in Beijing at will as long as you are located within China.]

[Congratulations! Your faction has become the most powerful among all humans in Beijing City!]

[When fighting in Beijing against any human force, the overall power of all your subordinates increases by 10% and your power increases by 20%!]

[You have received the title Ruler of Liaoning.....]

[You have received the title Ruler of Shanxi.....]

...

Bai Zemin soon discovered that the number of survivors under his command now bordered on 2,000,000 or at least those that the Soul Record considered official. However, he was certain that in this time Shangguan Bing Xue and the others had managed to conquer much more than just Beijing, Liaoning, and Shanxi.

However and although he should feel happy, all he felt was anger.

This anger burned so strong in his chest that even with his Immovable Heart skill and with his Brilliant Mind title weakening the side effect of Blood Berserker's Wrath skill, it was difficult for Bai Zemin to control himself. This was because this anger had nothing to do with the skill but came from deep within his soul.

[One of your Loyal Followers, Second Order 'Unstoppable Warrior' Zhong De level 89 has died.]

* * * * * * *

Title of the chap: Zhong De's death

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3