Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 898 On the eve of returning to Earth &Law Breaker Divine Pendant

Zhong De was one of the first followers of Bai Zemin. He along with Fu Xuefeng, Cai Jingyi, and Kang Lan, was part of the small group of four students who that day in the university gymnasium decided to change his life and follow Bai Zemin.

Although Zhong De was a man of few words, he was an upright and honorable man who kept his word when he made a promise just like Bai Zemin. Among the few people Bai Zemin trusted completely even without the effect of the skill attached to his subclass, Loyal Follower, Zhong De had earned his place with actions and not empty words.

His loyalty was unquestionable and his admiration for Bai Zemin was not different from that of a young schoolboy looking up to his lifelong idol.

However, that person had died.

Zhong De had died and would never come back.

Bai Zemin's mind fell into chaos as his heart was filled with sadness, guilt, but most of all with anger; anger that burned as strong as lava inside a volcano waiting to burst into eruption.

[First switch of the skill Blood Berserker's Wrath has been triggered automatically.]

[Pain receptors are blocked. Increase all stats by +400 points naturally.]

[Secondary effect '10% loss of rationality' is weakened by the passive effect of your Immovable Heart skill.]

[Secondary effect '10% loss of rationality' is weakened by the effect of your Brilliant Mind title.]

The first switch of the skill Blood Berserker's Wrath usually triggered when Bai Zemin's loved ones were threatened, however, in this case it was triggered by Zhong De's death.

However, that was not all.

[Third switch of the skill Blood Berserker's Wrath has been triggered automatically].

[Strength and Mana +2000.]

[Secondary effect '30% loss of rationality' is weakened by the passive effect of your Immovable Heart skill].

[Secondary effect '30% loss of rationality' is weakened by the effect of your Brilliant Mind title.]

[Current loss of rationality: 18%.]

Bai Zemin sighed and slowly sat up in bed as he muttered in a tired voice, "How long was I out?"

"T- Two months..." Seraphina subconsciously answered. She looked at him hesitantly and asked in a low voice, "Your eyes..."

"Two months..." Bai Zemin frowned tightly and a flash of guilt shone in his red eyes as he thought in his heart, 'I've been away from home for 5 months.... Many things happened, even Zhong De died... because of me!'

If Bai Zemin had returned earlier, Zhong De might not have lost his life. If he had been on Earth, a person he considered a friend would not have been killed like a dog... and if he had been on Earth, a mother waiting for her child at home would not be sad when the news of Zhong De's death was delivered to her.

Bai Zemin gritted his teeth and his fists clenched so tightly that his knuckles cracked like thunder in the closed room. His eyes widened and his pupils quivered as he stared at a fixed point.

"I don't care who it was, I don't care if the other side was right or wrong.... I'm going to find them... and I will give them a death worse than that of a dog!!"Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

[Bloodlust has reached its peak. Second Activation of God of War's Will, God of War's Partial Possession, goes into immediate effect. Strength +800, Magic +800.]

Bai Zemin's voice seemed to come from hell itself and the murderous intent in his eyes was so vicious that Seraphina was scared and no longer dared to look him in the face.

Lilith, on the other hand, was even more scared as she could feel Bai Zemin's aura growing stronger and stronger. In just a few seconds from the moment he opened his eyes until now, Bai Zemin had practically become two or three times more powerful without even using Overlap Regeneration!

"Z- Zemin, what level of wrath...?" She asked, afraid to know the answer and praying in her heart that it wasn't the fifth level.

"First and third." Bai Zemin replied as he stood up.

"First and third..." Lilith repeated Bai Zemin's words in a low voice. She finally let out the heavy air she was holding in her lungs as a great wave of relief filled her.

"I need to return to Earth as soon as possible." Bai Zemin jumped to his feet and walked to the corner of the room before he began to swiftly put on all of his equipment.

"W- What?" Seraphina turned to look at him in panic at his words and couldn't help but stammer, "Y- You just woke up, a- and I think it would be good if you rest for a few days first. Y- Your injuries-"

"A friend died."

Bai Zemin's words interrupted Seraphina and soon the entire room fell silent.

His words remained floating in the air as the clinking sound of the plate armor rang softly each time Bai Zemin made a movement to fit each piece into place.

"One of your friends died...." Seraphina whispered before lowering her head and clenching her fists tightly. She muttered under her breath, "I'm very sorry for your loss..."

"Yeah." Bai Zemin replied as his hands continued to work.

He was furious, so much so that he hadn't noticed the weariness in Seraphina's eyes and wasn't in the mood at all at the moment.

Seraphina didn't blame him and understood how he felt as she had experienced it before every time one of her friends died. The only exception was that she did not blame herself for the death of her friends as Seraphina was aware that she did not possess the power to change everything, but Bai Zemin was different, because he knew that he did have the power to have been able to prevent Zhong De's death and the mere thought of it made him feel as if a snake was slowly eating his heart.

Although Lilith knew it was wrong to feel relieved, she could not help but be glad that the one who died had not reached a level of utmost importance to Bai Zemin.... If that had been the case, then she did not want to think about the consequences not only in the short term but also in the long term.

After fully equipping himself, Bai Zemin looked at Seraphina with his red eyes and said in a serious voice: "I'm sorry to disturb you but could you report the situation to the king? I will leave today on my way back to my world."

Seraphina nodded weakly and without a word left the room, closing the door softly behind her and walking out like an empty shell.

Bai Zemin looked at the outside world from the large window and his fists clenched as he said with burning fury, "It's because of me! If I had returned earlier none of this would have happened! A little ant dares to touch my people? I will turn over the rocks and dig underground to bring out the culprit, I swear it!"

Lilith looked at his back for several seconds with eyes brimming with sadness. She understood a little how he was feeling.

"Zemin, it's not your fault."

"It is my fault!" He shouted in return. He turned to look at her and shouted again, "How could it not be my fault?! It was because of my greed that I am still in this stupid world! If I hadn't aspired to obtain the information and technology of Eventide World then I would have long since returned to Earth and Zhong De would be alive! Even Queen Helena's death and Ellis' betrayal, everything happened because of my presence in this world!"

Lilith shook her head and said softly, "Zemin, you are strong, many times stronger than those who follow you and that is why you think you have the obligation to take care of them, which is not wrong in essence.... However, remember that you will not always be able to save everyone.... Because even if you are strong, you are not an omnipotent existence."

Bai Zemin was about to shout again in frustration and anger but his words caught in his throat and his pupils trembled slightly as he looked at Lilith.

She had lost her entire family, they had all been killed but she had been unable to save them for different reasons. Lilith surely blamed herself just as he blamed himself, and Bai Zemin didn't want to make her remember the past that surely hurt so much.

"S- Sorry, I behaved like an idiot..." He murmured.

Lilith caressed his face and shook her head, "Your reaction is just normal. You don't need to apologize to me at all."

Seeing that he stayed silent, Lilith closed the short distance between them and hugged him without saying a word.

At first, Bai Zemin froze. However, his body soon softened as he felt the warmth of the woman he loved and tears of frustration, anger, and sadness began to fall down his face.

Lilith felt the drops of moisture fall on her dress but she kept silent and only devoted her all to hugging him and letting him know with her warmth that he was not alone.

This was the first time Bai Zemin had lost someone important, and worst of all, in his heart he was blaming himself for Zhong De's death.

...

In the throne room, Seraphina was explaining the situation to her father when a bellow that sounded like the howl of a wounded and furious beast shook the entire castle for several seconds causing the maidens to cry out in fear and fall to the ground.

Seraphina's eyes flashed with sadness and sorrow as she looked up as if to pierce the walls and see the expression that he had on his face.

King Philip sighed as he said softly, "He caused a calamity for the demons in a world that is not his.... Hopefully, whoever angered him to this point has begun to pray by now."

...

After calming down a bit, Bai Zemin put on a cloak that covered his entire body and quietly walked out of the castle.

He walked through the city after descending the mountain and headed for the area where the normal citizens of Bearcrest City lived. After several twists and turns at different intersections of two or more streets, his steps brought him in front of a normal-looking house before he stopped.

After a moment of silence, he knocked softly on the door and waited there.

About a minute or two later, the sound of the inner lock opening sounded in Bai Zemin's ears and a moment later the door opened backwards.

With his eyes partially covered by the cloak, he looked at the snow-white-haired girl whose eyes were closed but still seemed to be looking into his very soul as she sat in her magic wheelchair.

The two said nothing for a few seconds before Kali opened her pale dry lips.

"Bullet, you look sad."

Her voice was monotone, just like an emotionless doll.

After a short silence, Bai Zemin said calmly, "Kali, some things happened in my world. I need to go back as soon as possible."

"I see." Kali nodded with no change in her expression. After a short pause, she asked, "Can you give me 2 hours? I need to do something first, then I'll go with you wherever you go."

Bai Zemin nodded, "In that case, I'll come back to pick you up in two hours... I'll help you gather your things then."

Kali nodded before turning in her wheelchair and closing the wooden door with a soft thump.

Bai Zemin didn't stay there either but went to the outside of the city and after getting far enough away took out his work tools.

Lilith said nothing for several minutes and simply watched him work. However, it was clear that Bai Zemin did not have his head set on the smithy as his movements were crude, stiff, and his eyes seemed unfocused as he hammered and melted the metal he was working on.

Approximately twenty minutes later, Bai Zemin held up a delicate silver-colored chain. The chain looked beautiful as despite not being in the mood for this he took the trouble to add a beautiful emerald along with several diamonds that adorned the body of the pendant.

This was the first time Bai Zemin created an accessory, and due to the lack of rune encryption, as well as the fact that he was not in a good mood, the result was not very good in terms of records. However, he didn't mind as the purpose of this pendant was different.

He held the pendant with his left hand and placed his right palm in the center of the emerald where he had left a small hole.

Several red lightning flashes crackled on his right hand and gathered in the center of his palm after Bai Zemin triggered the second activation of his Crimson Lightning Flash skill.

[Law Breaker Divine Pendant Rank 3 has been completed.]

"Rank 3?" Bai Zemin was confused as to the high Rank of the item even though it was actually trash.

"It's natural." Lilith said as she gently caressed the blood-red pearl with lightning crackling inside that was resting right in the center of the hollow emerald, "After all, what you put in this pendant is something that many would kill for."

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3