Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 902 Elite Team of the United States of America

"S-Sir Dylan." John stuttered in surprise when he saw the person who had just stepped into the room.

"Sir Dylan!"

The nineteen soul evolvers charged as Abyss' support stood up and respectfully saluted the man who was staring at the supercomputer screen with a curious expression on his face.

Dylan was the name of one of the twenty strongest soul evolvers in the United States of America. He used to be an illegal immigrant in the past, he arrived in the United States with his mother who after many years of hard work managed to save enough money to travel from South Africa to America in search of a better future for her and her son.

Although the economic situation of the small family of two did improve, what people did not realize about the United States was that the country's system was such that it practically forced people to work like mules without rest in exchange for being able to cope with such lifestyles. It was precisely because of working double shifts at two jobs at the same time that Dylan's mother died when he was very young.

Racism against illegal immigrants was not small, not to mention Dylan's dark skin color, so his childhood was not easy even though he was just an innocent baby when he arrived in the United States. With the loss of his mother and bullying, he drifted off the path and fell into drugs for a while before slowly getting his life straightened out enough to get a job and get off drugs.

After the apocalypse, Dylan managed to grow and gain strength through his own efforts and when Angelo's faction found him he was immediately recruited to be part of the small elite core team. Despite facing much adversity along the way and not being accepted at first, Dylan's strength and outspoken personality did not make it difficult for him to win the friendship of everyone on the most powerful offensive team in the United States of America.

"John, what's this all about?" Dylan asked calmly as he walked deeper into the room and the large door automatically closed behind him.

"I-... A-Actually, this is the case." John took a deep breath and began to explain what was going on in a serious voice.

"Bai Zemin?" Dylan showed a surprised expression on his face. "Isn't that the name of the guy who leads the largest faction in China? What the hell is he doing in this place?"

John and the others shook their heads, they didn't know it either.

"Sir. Dylan, what shall we do now?" one of the operators asked in a somewhat apprehensive voice.

Dylan knew that Abyss needed a response to proceed so after a moment of silence he decided the following, "I'm afraid this matter might be a little too serious. I think we'd better inform Angelo about it."

Unlike the others, Dylan knew about the titles that granted teleportation ability to the ruler of some area. At the same time, he knew that fighting the ruler of a great land such as Bai Zemin was not a good idea since the strength of his subordinates was part of his strength, and even though Dylan was strong he knew that he could not defeat Angelo so he also did not believe that he had the ability to deal damage to the leader of an equivalent faction.

While the others were surprised at Dylan's caution and severity, John breathed a sigh of relief in his heart as he too felt it best to inform the leader to avoid further trouble.

"However, Leader Angelo and the others are currently near Dallas fighting the zombie faction in the area." John frowned and voiced his concerns. "I'm afraid that it might not be prudent..."

"Well, you just leave it to me. At worst I'll be grounded again." Dylan shrugged and pulled a small boxy device out of his bag.

He placed a Second Order Soul Stone into the empty hole and gestured to the operators to tell them to be quiet while he used his mana to activate the artifact.

...

Approximately 100 kilometers from Dallas, a small group of humans were gathered near a giant tree. There were several skill scrolls, treasure orbs, and Soul Stones in the center; this was the spoils of war, the result of the battle they had recently fought and in which they had easily killed over 900,000 zombies despite being only 10 humans.

"Angelo, this time it's 21 Second Order Soul Stones and 2 Third Order Soul Stones." Reported a handsome blond young man wearing thin glasses frames.

His name was Jack, a brilliant archer whose skill stood out even before evolution.

"The zombies are getting stronger fast. Only in this army we meet 4 Commanders and 50 Generals." Angelo sighed and shook his head.

He was a handsome 27-year-old with inky black hair and deep blue eyes. His posture was firm as a mountain and the otherworldly aura that surrounded him made him stand out even among the talents around him.

"What's the use of them evolving so fast if at the end of the day they're still so weak?" A young blonde girl who looked to be no more than 19 years old but with a devilishly charming body snorted. Her blue eyes glittered with disdain as she said without hiding her contempt, "Angelo could alone handle the 4 zombie leaders even though he is still stuck in the Second Order. Those Third Order zombies are rushing too fast and their Soul Power is simply pathetic."

The other members of the group looked at the woman with complicated expressions, but for some reason none of them got too close to her and she scoffed in response.

"Even though it's true that the paths of these zombies aren't that hard to tear apart, the numbers can't be ignored." Angelo shook his head, but just as he was about to say more his expression changed slightly.

At the sight of Angelo pulling out the communication device that outpaced Earth techonolgy by at least two or three centuries at the past rate, a middle-aged mage frowned slightly and said with some annoyance in his voice, "Why are they interrupting us now? Didn't we make it clear that this was an important mission to take back Dallas?"

This man's name was Anderson, a soul evolver who had recently broken into the Third Order but whose power was more than enough to take on an army of a million enemies without breaking a sweat. His magic power was lethal and he was one of humanity's trump cards, there were more than a few times he helped rescue bases that were thought lost.

Angelo also frowned slightly as he did not like to be interrupted at crucial moments. However, seeing that the other party was Dylan and after a short pause, he motioned for everyone to be silent and accepted the call.

"Dylan, what is it?" he asked with a hint of annoyance in his voice.

"Leader, I know you don't like to be disturbed right now but don't kill me yet and listen to what I have to say. I'm sure you'll be interested to know this."

Angelo's eyes glinted slightly curious. He knew Dylan's personality and didn't doubt his loyalty at all.

"Oh? Tell me about it then."

The group of nine looked at Angelo's face, which turned from annoyance to curiosity but that curiosity soon turned to surprise, then to wariness, and finally to hesitation.

Eight of them looked at each other curious and confused, only the young blonde woman whose name was Eleanora narrowed her eyes and a glint of mysterious light shone in her pupils. They all looked at her, some hesitated to ask about it but finally gave up when they saw her disdainful expression.

After about five minutes, Angelo nodded to himself and said calmly, "I understand, I'll take it from here. Dylan, you've done a good job in reporting to me this time." FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

After putting away the small boxy device, Angelo didn't have time to say anything when Eleanora said in a clear voice, "Angelo, we have to take advantage of this opportunity. The enemy Leader is stuck in our territory. Even if we don't kill him, at least we can get information from him, it's definitely a heaven sent opportunity."

Jack and the others frowned tightly as they heard Eleanora's words, they all looked at Angelo confused and searching for answers.

"Let's move first, I'll explain on the way."

"Move?" Anderson was very surprised. "Where are we going? What about Dallas? We're almost there!"

"Something more important than Dallas happened, we're moving to Kansas first." Angelo turned around and said in a deep voice, "Sam, organize the closest army to the Missouri River around Kansas, but tell them to scout around and not to attack if they see a foreigner in the area."

"Foreigner?" Sam, a level 102 female soul evolver was surprised and subconsciously asked, "Angelo, what do you-"

"Sam!"

The beautiful girl jumped in surprise at hearing Angelo's shout and subconsciously took a step back.

Angelo rubbed the center of his eyes and took several deep breaths, "Sorry to yell at you, just do as I say. You'll understand everything, but this is a serious matter and I need time to think about what we do next."

"I- I understand." Sam nodded with a slightly pale face. A huge green magic circle suddenly appeared in the sky and her voice traveled thousands of miles into the distance directly to a clone of her in an allied base.

* * *

Bai Zemin still had no idea where he was, however, he did not stay motionless in the same place. After cursing under his breath as all of his titled skills went into cooldown and failing during the activation of the teleportation portal, Bai Zemin carried Kali on his back and walked through the forest until he finally found a river.

Feeling the sound of gently running water, Kali moved a little on his back and said in a low voice, "Bullet, I want to take a swim."

"What?" Bai Zemin started walking downstream and asked dumbfounded, "Why do you want to take a swim now?"

"Well, you went to pick me up early when I had just woken up and I used the two hours I asked you to do some things for Seraphina." Kali explained calmly. "So, I haven't been able to shower yet."

Bai Zemin rolled his eyes and replied, "It's only about 10 in the morning, wait a bit and when we get to a city or town I'll prepare a warm bath for you."

After a moment of silence, Kali nodded without saying anything and let her body lay on his back.

Neither of them spoke much after that.

To begin with, Kali was a person of few words and the realization that she was in another world had exhausted her mentally so she needed to rest. As for Bai Zemin, he was doing his best not to let the frustration and anger he felt in his chest swallow him up so he just focused on walking.

Even though he was casually walking, every step he took seemed to teleport him as his body continuously flickered, and every time he appeared, he was about 40 meters ahead.

While it was true that Bai Zemin had no idea where he was, it was natural knowledge that following a river downhill would eventually lead him to a city or town. He didn't care if he came to a city or ghost town, just coming to a place where humans had lived would give him some information regarding his current location and that was already better than nothing.

After about 30 minutes, Bai Zemin's footsteps stopped as he detected several voices from the front and Kali obviously noticed them as well since she gently raised her head that had been resting on his shoulder.

"I have no idea what they are saying." She whispered in his ear.

It was then that Bai Zemin realized that they would have to find a way to solve the language barrier since Kali did not belong to this world.

He narrowed his eyes and said in a low voice, " They are speaking in English, a language of this world."

"English?" Kali still didn't understand anything.

"... Looks like we're really far from home." Bai Zemin frowned and in his heart he prayed that he had not fallen in America or Europe as his features would be impossible to hide, and that would give him more trouble than he already had.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3