Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 908 Different kinds of faith (Part 2/2)

Bai Zemin simply glanced for a moment at the elite team of the United States before looking at Alisha who was just below the tree he was standing on.

"What are you doing here? I've already paid you for the information you gave me, you'll get nothing more from me."

Alisha snapped out of her daze when she heard Bai Zemin's words. She looked up and said in a frightened but offended voice, "Bai Zemin, I don't know how people behave in China but at least here not everyone acts on the basis of profit!"

Alisha had never in her life been as shocked and scared as she was now except when the Soul Record changed the lives of all living beings on Earth. She could not understand how the battle between some humans and a strange creature could cause such an absurd level of destruction as the one in front of her but at the same time it made her realize how pitifully weak she was.

Bai Zemin looked at her silently for a moment before asking curiously, "Then what are you doing in this place?"

Alisha snorted and kept her eyes on him as she pointed towards the huge crater in the distance while saying in a deep voice, "I came to get you, of course!"

"You came to get me?" Bai Zemin frowned feeling perplexed in his heart.

"More precisely, I can't let your imprudence be the cause of the death of the girl on your back." Alisha said in a serious voice.

As Bai Zemin glanced over his shoulder at Kali, Alisha quickly continued, "Bai Zemin, as you can see this monster is just too terrifying. Even if you are strong you should definitely not get involved in this kind of battle or you will die in vain!"

Seeing Bai Zemin turn to look at her again, she said in a serious voice, "Let's return. You and the girl can stay in our village. If we all work together we can definitely take care of each other and food will no longer be a problem. With the river snake dead, the lower rank mutant beasts will no longer run away so we won't be short of red meat and the flow of mutant fish will also be back to normal soon so white meat won't be of a worry to us either."

At the same time as Bai Zemin looked at Alisha silently, Kali whispered something in his ear and Lilith said with a faint smile, "This girl is really kind, don't you think so? I wonder if she'll still be this righteous after the path to the current society opens up for all her people and she finally learns that her own race is even more cruel than the zombies when it comes to machinations."

Just then, a call from the distance attracted the attention of both Bai Zemin and Alisha.

"Hey, this is no time to talk!"

Bai Zemin looked at the blonde-haired, blue-eyed woman with a serene expression on his face.

Eleanora was staring at him and her face was filled with anger as she called out aloud, "If we don't do something soon that thing will return to its maximum state soon and at that time we will all be wiped out, including you and the two women with you!"

Bai Zemin didn't bother to clear up the misunderstanding made by Eleanora, who probably thought that Alisha was part of his group. Instead, his eyes looked at the dragonkin whose body was now about 70% covered in scales and was just about to return to its peak condition. Moreover, although the beast had not spoken it was clear that its intelligence was high as it took advantage of the poor condition of the human group to rest and recover faster.

Eleanora frowned and a flash of confusion shone in her eyes as she stared at the leader of China's strongest faction as if trying to understand something incomprehensible to her.

Angelo was about to say something when Bai Zemin asked indifferently, "You were the ones who blocked the space around?"

The expression of all ten changed slightly except for Angelo who calmly replied, "In fact, you could say that the space lock has to do with us. However, we didn't know who the soul evolver that activated so many teleportation skills was; we didn't even know if this soul evolver was human or not until now."

Bai Zemin looked at Angelo and said in a casual voice, "I have no idea who you are, but considering the power you have you are most likely part of a major faction; presumably the strongest faction in a large part of the United States... Do you want me to believe that an elite team came to this out-of-the-way forest by pure coincidence of fate?"

They all looked at Angelo.

Eighty percent of them were in no condition to fight anymore, therefore, their reactions were a lot tamer than they would have been if they were at their highest points.

Angelo sighed in his heart when he heard Bai Zemin's reply. It was clear that the young man in front of him had not reached his position simply by using brute force but was very clever as well.

Realizing that lying would most likely worsen the situation they were in, Angelo looked him in the eye and said in a firm voice: "We really didn't know who the soul evolver was, I didn't lie. However, it wasn't until a few seconds after all your teleportation skills were used that we were informed of your identity. That's why my team and myself who were relatively close on a mission headed here."

Bai Zemin narrowed his eyes upon hearing this and said slowly, "Oh? For a team so strong such as yours to go out of their way all for the sake of coming to see me... Besides, that girl over there said my name before but I don't remember having any American friends or acquaintances. How do you know about me and who are you?"

Angelo looked at the dragonkin who was 90% recovered before turning his attention back to Bai Zemin.

"My name is Angelo, leader of the United States of America. This is my trusted team, there are a few missing but they are on other important assignments. Bai Zemin, because of the several nuclear launches that occurred in your country, we sent some people to try to find out what was happening as this could concern our future security. That is the reason we know about you."

Bai Zemin's pupils contracted to the size of needles and his whole body felt cold. He did not pay attention to Angelo's last words but asked in a slightly trembling voice, "W- What did you say? Several nuclear launches...? Wasn't it... Wasn't it just one launch?"

Angelo and the others looked at each other in confusion.

From the reaction Bai Zemin had just had, it seemed as if he really had no idea what was occurring in his own territory. However, was such a thing even possible? Angelo could not imagine how it could be possible for a leader not to know such important information.

After a moment of silence, Angelo responded, "In fact, there were several nuclear launches from somewhere in the center of Beijing to an outer district. However, none of those missiles detonated for some strange reason."

None of the missiles detonated? Bai Zemin was surprised before a great wave of relief filled him.

Right... His faction had conquered numerous territories during this time...

Everything was fine... Everything had to be fine...

Bai Zemin covered his face with one hand as he convinced himself.

"Angelo, order whoever or whatever is blocking my comm signal to get it lifted."ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Far from sounding like a request let alone a plea, Bai Zemin's tone of voice was heavy and to some extent sounded like an order that could not be refuted.

He was not even in the mood to think about how it was possible for the American team to block space and seal his connection with the Sky Destroyer whose technology surpassed that of the current Earth by far.

Subconsciously, Angelo frowned slightly. He was not used to being given orders in the past let alone now, and that was only natural considering his position and power.

However, he soon calmed down as he realized that Bai Zemin had clearly run into some major problem that not only sent him far from home but probably away from his faction for a long time as he didn't even know about the nukes.

Before Angelo could say anything, however, Eleanora interrupted.

"Don't worry, we will lift the space and communications blackout. However, this is something that requires at least a few hours and as you will see we don't have that kind of time." She said as she pointed at the dragonkin. Eleanora's eyes glistened as she looked at Bai Zemin, "How about we kill this monster together? After that, we can give you a helicopter to get you home if you're in a hurry and don't have any more of your subclass skills available."

Kali held onto Bai Zemin as she said in an emotionless voice, "Looks like you're being underestimated, Bullet."

Bai Zemin looked at Eleanora with an indifferent expression.

Regardless of what she or the entire American team was thinking, the reality was that none of them had the ability to hurt his current self... and if they tried, they would be killed like dogs.

He took a step forward and his body began to plummet from several hundred meters high, but thanks to the activation of the skill Gravity Manipulation not only did he not destroy the ground but Kali also did not have to endure any kind of backlash.

Under the astonished eyes of the others, Bai Zemin waved his hand and the magic wheelchair appeared before him.

Ignoring everyone, Bai Zemin carefully put Kali on the seat. His movements were so delicate that even those who did not know him could easily judge that he really did care for the young, weak-looking girl.

"Wait a moment, I'll finish this quickly." He whispered in a voice that only both of them could hear.

"Em, hurry up." Kali nodded.

Eleanora looked at Kali and her UNIQUE skill Mind Reading showed her what the girl was thinking. In addition, thanks to Eleanora's Mind Reading skill reading brainwaves she had no trouble with stuff like the language barrier.

'Bai Zemin is usually quite generous, but after seeing him again after the battle against the Demon Lord his mood hasn't been at the right point, I'm afraid something bad might have happened in his homeland. If these people are sensible then everything will be fine, otherwise they will all be slaughtered.'

Although Eleanora knew that it was natural for the little girl to think of Bai Zemin as a supreme existence since she was with him in the same way that she thought of Angelo as the most powerful being of all since they were both part of the same side, for some reason she felt that what the weak girl in the wheelchair was thinking were not thoughts of blind faith.

This idea grew even more when her blue eyes looked into those red eyes that seemed to glow like a demon's as Bai Zemin approached. However, she dismissed it immediately and scoffed in her heart.

"I will take a helicopter to return home just as this woman proposed." Bai Zemin looked at Angelo calmly and said in a cold voice, "If you're okay with that then I'll give you a hand with this monster. Honestly, I don't have any desire to fight you guys so I hope you'll cooperate.... But if any of you want to fight later then I want you to think twice, I will kill those who raise their weapons against me regardless of who they are."

Angelo couldn't help but relax a little when he saw that the leader of the faction that was likely to take control of China soon seemed to be a person who could be reasoned with. He nodded, "That's great to hear. I don't wish to fight you either, we don't wish to antagonize your faction as well."

Angelo looked at the dragonkin who had finally fully recovered and said in a serious voice, "If we do not learn to cooperate I fear our race will soon face annihilation."

The dragonkin roared and with a mighty stomp dashed forward.

It was clear that the beast had no intention of stopping now that it had fully recovered and had no plans to give its enemies time to recover from their exhaustion.

Eleanora opened her mouth and was about to warn what the monster's thoughts were when a thunderous explosion caused the atmosphere to rumble and the earth to shake.

BOOOOOM!!!

Angelo's pupils contracted fiercely at the sight of the scene in front of him while the other members of the elite team froze in shock.

"Wha- What..." Eleanora stammered as she looked at the dragonkin collapsing to the ground with a loud bang.

The upper half of the monster's body had exploded into billions of pieces to the point where the flesh had practically turned into a bloody mist as each fragment was blasted apart while the lower half shuddered on the ground due to its nerve endings.

There was no battle or any kind of confrontation, in less than a second the dragonkin that had terrified everyone had suddenly become a piece of junk.

No one knew how or when but Bai Zemin was no longer standing in front of Angelo but was now standing right in front of the dragonkin's body.

Eleanora stiffly turned her head and subconsciously looked at the girl in the wheelchair.

It was then that she confirmed what she felt before.... That weak-looking girl was not blinded by faith after all.

Could Angelo move at that speed and crush the dragonkin's incredibly hard body with a single punch? Eleanora got the answer to this question as soon as the question came into her head.

For the first time, Eleanora who possessed the skill of reading minds could not help but wonder if her faith was the blinded one.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3