Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 909 Molecular level annihilation

Bai Zemin completely ignored the reaction of the entire elite team of the United States of America. In fact, except for his earlier talk with Angelo, Bai Zemin did not bother with any other member of the team since doing such a thing was not necessary at all.

At all times, his focus was on the dragonkin and now that the beast had been partially neutralized his focus grew even more, therefore, he had no time for anyone else.

"However... this thing is really something else." Bai Zemin muttered as he narrowed his eyes at the collapsed beast in front of him.

Although he had already expected it after seeing the dragonkin's terrifying recovery rate, seeing it up close was a completely different matter than watching from thousands of meters of distance.

The blood of the monster seemed to coagulate forming thin strings that like electric wires joined other strings and from those strings were born more strings that joined with others giving birth to more strings. This process was repeated seemingly without end, which resulted in the union of hundreds of strings of blood giving birth to a new piece of flesh.

Was this phenomenon occurring because the dragonkin's blood was special? Or perhaps it was a phenomenon that was the result of some passive skill? Whatever the answer, Bai Zemin was determined to at least find a trace.

The first thing he did was naturally activate Blood Manipulation and directly spent over 700 points of his total Mana to send an attack to the dragonkin's root cells.

The beast's body writhed and although it naturally made no sound as the upper half of its body had been completely destroyed it was clear that the dragonkin was definitely going through a great deal of suffering at that moment.

After about a minute or so, Bai Zemin frowned slightly as he realized that while the use of his Blood Manipulation skill greatly retrenched the monster's regeneration, in reality it didn't seem to be enough to completely stop it and truly kill it.

"In that case..." Bai Zemin raised a hand towards the sky and activated Blood Manipulation again.

The elite American team watched in surprise as the monster's blood suddenly seemed to fight against the creature and slowly but surely began to gather above Bai Zemin's extended hand.

Andrea and the others exchanged glances in amazement. They all noticed the wariness in the eyes of each of their teammates and friends; this ability to control blood was truly terrifying. If Bai Zemin could control the blood inside the body of a living being in the midst of combat, didn't that mean that he could easily accelerate his own regeneration and slow down his enemies'? In a full-scale war, this kind of skill would definitely be the nemesis of the enemy army.

Angelo approached Eleanora as he watched what appeared to be large streams of blood surge from the beast's body and gather at a fixed point hovering just above Bai Zemin's palm.

"Eleanora, are you able to read his mind?" he whispered in a voice that only the two of them could hear.

Although Angelo had no intention of antagonizing the leader of the Chinese faction at the moment, the future was certainly uncertain. Today's allies could be tomorrow's enemies, not to mention that Bai Zemin was not exactly an ally of the United States of America. Therefore, just in case, Angelo was trying to be cautious to protect himself, his loved ones, and his homeland.

Eleanora looked at him as if offended by his question, earning a bitter smile from Angelo. She slowly turned and returned her attention to Bai Zemin as she said under her breath, "It's not that I can't read his mind, it's just..."

"It's just?" Angelo pursued as she stopped.

Eleanora looked at Bai Zemin's profile who seemed too focused on his task to even care about their existence and her blue eyes flashed with complicated light as she said in a low voice, "His thoughts are currently a mess. Even now, while his expression is as indifferent as that of an emotionless puppet, his mind is filled with anger, sadness, and anxiety... It is extremely difficult to find a tidy picture of him, I can't even figure out what he is thinking about the monster. The only useful information I could get was from the little girl in the wheelchair, it seems that Bai Zemin clashed against some Demon Lord or something."

Angelo looked at Bai Zemin in silence as he listened to Eleanora's words. After about half a minute, he nodded slowly and said quietly, "I understand, forget it then."

Eleanora and Angelo looked at Bai Zemin, both couldn't help but wonder in their hearts what could have happened to turn the mind of someone so powerful into a messy disaster.

Of course, Bai Zemin had no idea that Eleanora could read his mind. After all, mind reading was not a spiritual attack at all.

He drained practically all of the dragonkin's blood, and when he felt as if it wanted to get out of his control, what he did was store it all in his liquid storage pearl, thus completely severing any connection that might remain between the blood and the monster.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

After that, Bai Zemin drained all of the beast's remaining blood and put it back into storage before standing silently staring at the dragonkin's dried body.

Angelo was in no hurry just like the rest of his team. They were all gradually recovering, so as long as the dragonkin was under control it was already a good thing for them; in fact, they preferred it this way. After all, the more time they had to rest the stronger they would be for when whatever had to happen between the dragonkin and Bai Zemin occurred.

To Bai Zemin's surprise, after about 5 minutes, the dragonkin began to shimmer and even though the blood he had taken from it was still inside the pearl, a new surge of blood began to appear in the creature's body and only two minutes later the beast began to regenerate once again.

Bai Zemin tried several things such as using the power of the Endless Blue Lotus Flame to turn every part of the beast's body into ashes. However, the ashes that scattered in the wind disappeared and to everyone's disbelief including Bai Zemin himself, the beast regenerated again seemingly out of nowhere.

"What the hell is this monster?" Bai Zemin frowned and a glint of frustration flashed in his eyes.

"This is the first time I've seen something like this in my entire life." Lilith was also dumbfounded. She watched as the dragonkin's body gradually formed again and said in disbelief, "You literally turned its existence into ashes but it's still regenerating even though the brain was incinerated along with the whole body..."

"... Em?" Bai Zemin suddenly lit up when he heard Lilith's words. His eyes flashed strangely as he watched the dragonkin's body regenerate when a thought popped into his head.

He looked at Angelo and calmly said, "Tell the barrier girl to raise the strongest barrier she can to protect you all."

Angelo was confused but didn't hesitate to nod. He looked at Andre and said in an apologetic voice, "I know you are still far from recovering, but let's make one last effort."

Andre nodded and was about to raise a front barrier when Bai Zemin's voice interrupted her.

"Raise the barrier to the sky, don't do it facing the horizon."

Andrea was a beautiful woman with brown hair and brown eyes. She felt the corner of her mouth trembling when she heard Bai Zemin giving her orders but finally decided to do as he said and raised her barrier facing the sky.

Bai Zemin looked at Eleanora, but seeing that she was looking at him defiantly he ignored her and turned his attention back to the dragonkin instead of advising her to hide under the barrier.

When the dragonkin's body had regenerated to neck height, Bai Zemin grabbed the beast with both hands and easily lifted its massive body off the ground. Everyone looked at him in bewilderment as he grabbed onto the monster's right arm, and after a full twist, Bai Zemin growled under his breath before ferociously throwing the dragonkin's body into the sky.

The several meters tall body of the beast turned into something similar to a cannonball. The air exploded numerous times and the sound barrier shattered as Bai Zemin launched the beast skyward without holding back at all.

Just when everyone was wondering what he was doing since a fall would definitely not be enough to kill the beast, a trail of red blood danced around his gauntlet and in a few seconds, a trident about two meters long took shape.

Lilith's eyes flashed with disbelief as she saw the crimson flame blazing around the trident. She couldn't help but ask, "Zemin? Don't tell me you're going to use that skill in this place?"

"I'll restrain myself, don't worry. That's why I'm using my Crimson Flame and not the Endless Blue Lotus Flame." Bai Zemin replied as he raised the flaming trident to shoulder height.

""What?"" Angelo and Eleanora thought Bai Zemin was talking to them so they both asked the same question at the same time.

Restrain himself? What was this person talking about?

"No no no... This isn't about holding back or not!" Lilith looked at him in shock and said quickly, "Are you sure Earth's space barrier will be able to handle that skill? Besides, I don't think it's necessary to be so extreme, don't you think?"

Bai Zemin moved his right foot back and left foot forward as he moved his right arm back and tightened his grip on the trident. He looked up at the sky with narrowed eyes and caught a flash of white light falling from the clouds.

Bai Zemin's right arm turned into something similar to a whip as he used the momentum force of his left foot to take a large step forward and when his right foot took the lead the flaming trident shot into the sky at the same time as he growled under his breath, "Blazing Blood Punishment!"

Lilith watched as the crimson weapon left a blazing line that seemed to link the sky and the earth after disappearing beyond the clouds as she muttered not knowing whether to laugh or cry, "You really did it..."

The white-colored beam that was an attack from the dragonkin was actually perfectly pierced through the middle as the crimson spear continued its ascent. The beast's eyes widened and a small growl slipped out of its mouth before the spear struck it in the chest.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!

Rumble.....!!

The sky was suddenly illuminated by a strong flash of bright crimson light as red flames covered everything within 10 kilometers. The clouds disappeared completely and the beautiful blue color of the day vanished without a trace from the line of sight of everyone present.

Even though the explosion had occurred thousands of feet above the ground, the earth vibrated slightly and the ears of some ached slightly as they looked up in shock.

It was at that moment when a fierce shockwave broke from the heights, slamming towards the ground at lightning speed and bringing with it blood-red flames.

"Damn it..." Andrea gritted her teeth and her face grew even paler as she put more Mana into the golden barrier.

Eleanora's face went slightly pale, but fortunately for her, Angelo was quick enough to grab her around her waist and move under Andrea's barrier just in time.

BOOOOOM!!!

BOOOOOM!!!

BOOOOOM!

...

Several shockwaves slammed against Andrea's barrier, causing her to have to consume all of her Mana to repair the cracks that kept appearing on the surface. Had it not been for the shockwaves becoming weaker and weaker, Andrea's barrier would have been torn apart by now.

"Damn, what the hell is that attack..." Robinson looked skyward with his eyes wide like those of a bull as he muttered in shock, "These are just resulting shockwaves? Imagine the power that must have been released at the center of the explosion!"

Anderson walked over to Angelo, and as he looked skyward whispered under his breath, "Hey, Angelo.... Isn't this comparable to a nuclear blast? Because if that's the case then..."

Angelo's expression was a bit ugly and it was just at that moment when a sound similar to a glass cup shattering into pieces sounded in the background.

"Ah... Abyss' barrier was broken just now... Looks like it ran out of power." Lucy muttered under her breath as she looked at the sky with her eyes wide open.

Eleanora looked at Bai Zemin, but all she saw was an indifferent person standing there looking up at the sky with no change in his expression. Every time a shockwave approached him it was as if it met an invisible wall since it exploded before it broke into the 100 meters close to him.

When Eleanora turned to look at the girl in the wheelchair and the young woman with the spear, she sighed in her heart as she saw that the two also seemed to be being protected by an invisible wall.

"Just... Who is this person?" She couldn't help but shake her head as she thought those words aloud, "None of this makes sense, it's just plain stupid no matter which way you look at it."

No one said anything, but the truth was that they all felt a heavy weight in their hearts.

Angelo clenched his fists and closed his eyes, vowing to get stronger faster than before. Otherwise, in the probably not-so-distant future no one would be able to stop the man in front of him.

[You have obtained the Soul Power of Third Order 'Great Existential Root of Sacred Light' level 152....]

Bai Zemin nodded in satisfaction and as the explosions continued to sound in the sky he muttered under his breath, "Blazing Blood Punishment annihilates everything in its path on a molecular level, it doesn't even leave ashes behind. Unless that dragonkin could really make its body grow from nothing it could only die obediently."

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3