Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 912 Meeting again after half a year

Approximately 17 hours later.

Although the flight speed of the Artemis class helicopter was amazing and incomparable to any other helicopter built on the pre-apocalyptic Earth, the size of the world had almost quadrupled so flying from the eastern United States, across the Atlantic Ocean, Europe, and about three or four other small countries to China naturally required a lot of time.

(A/N: Yes, as strange as it may sound to you, the distance between the US and China is shorter through the Atlantic. You can search info about it at will).

The trip was not particularly smooth either as during the course of the flight there were several flying mutant beasts that attacked the Artemis class helicopter and among them were herds of First Order beasts led by some Second Order ones and there was even a big Third Order flaming bird that flew close to the helicopter before deciding to retreat after it sensed the terrifying auras in the interior.

It was near dawn and the base lights were illuminated in some of the richer areas while the poorer ones could only use things like kerosene as although all the bases had some high-tech power generators the faction could not afford to waste Soul Stones on existences that did not contribute anything positive to their survival. The fact that they were still being well fed could be considered the ultimate kindness that in times of crisis would be shown to them.

"Oh, so this is a Chinese base?" Dylan looked out the helicopter window and exclaimed, "This will be a good time for tourism won't it? Hahaha, I've never been to any other country besides the United States...! Or at least that I remember."

Eleanora looked sideways at him and said casually, "Dylan, we're not here for sightseeing."

Dylan glanced sideways at the small, white-haired, sickly-looking girl sitting on the opposite couch before scratching his head and settling back into his own place, "I know, I know."

Eleanora snorted. She looked at Kali silently, she had tried to engage her in conversation several times but the girl not only didn't respond to her at all but literally ignored her existence despite Eleanora speaking in Chinese.

In the cockpit, Bai Zemin sat in the co-pilot's seat and it wasn't long when a signal from the ground reached the helicopter.

"Base addressing to the unknown assault helicopter, identify yourself within the next 15 seconds or you will be shot down. Repeat, identify yourself within the next 15 seconds or you will be shot down."

Angelo looked at Bai Zemin with a smile and said in a joking tone, "If you don't want to be greeted by your people with fireworks you better respond."

Bai Zemin pressed one of the buttons and said in a deep voice, "From the assault helicopter to base, this is Bai Zemin. Do not fire."

"Leader?" The other person's voice paused for a moment before he requested in a respectful voice, "Name confirmed. Codeword needed please."

Anyone could use Bai Zemin's name to enter the base as it was impossible for each and every soldier or operator to know his voice and appearance. Therefore, for this kind of situation they had prepared some words that no more than 10 people in the entire faction knew.

Bai Zemin glanced sideways at Angelo before calmly saying, "Lilith."

After a few seconds of silence, the same man's voice was back but this time it sounded much more respectful and enthusiastic: "Identity confirmed.... Welcome back, Leader Bai."

...

The airstrip of the military base was lit up with all kinds of bright lights.

There were all kinds of military vehicles, including some battle tanks, assault helicopters, and even four Chengdu J-20 figthers.

In the center of the airstrip, a small number of people looked up at the sky with different but at the same time similar emotions beating in their chests.

Hearing the unmistakable sound of the rotor of an approaching helicopter, Wu Yijun's eyes lit up and her heart began to pound harder than before.

"H- He's coming." She said softly as she took half a step forward in the midst of her anxiety.

Wu Keqian and Sun Ling looked at their daughter with somewhat sad expressions in their eyes. Only they knew how many times during the nights Wu Yijun visited them they heard her praying to all kinds of gods in her room.

Chen He looked at his childhood friend and sighed in his heart. He was one of the few who had lent a friendly shoulder when Wu Yijun cried and thus was also one of the few who had seen her lose weight during the past months.

Chen He's eyes moved to the silver-white-haired woman holding the small hand of a pretty little girl with bright silver hair and he could not help but smile bitterly in his heart.

Looking from behind at the outline of Shangguan Bing Xue's figure, Chen He could feel his heart thumping faster. He had really tried very hard to forget his childhood crush, he had even gone as far as trying to meet other very beautiful and powerful women. However, every time Chen He saw Shangguan Bing Xue his whole world trembled, and those feelings he tried to bury broke through the ground to come back to the surface stronger and deeper than before.

Shangguan Xinyue patted his shoulder in an attempt to comfort him as she sensed his slight depression. She looked at her daughter's back for a moment before raising her head skyward to watch the large peculiar-looking helicopter slowly descending, her sky-colored eyes glittered slightly as she stayed silent.

Kang Lan, Evangeline, Xiao Ming, and a handful of other soul evolvers who had been following Bai Zemin for a long time watched as the helicopter landed gently on the airstrip.

Not much time passed when the six rotors that kept the beast in the sky began to slow down and the noise to diminish.

When the sliding door on the left side of the helicopter opened, everyone automatically held their breath.

Bai Zemin with Kali on his back was the first to get off the helicopter and took a few seconds to look at the people a few meters in front of him. At the same time, they were also looking at him as if to make sure they were not seeing an illusion.

Bai Shilin's eyes lit up like stars in the sky and she was about to rush forward to throw herself into Bai Zemin's arms when the wind swooshed in her ears and a figure rushed ahead of her.

"Ah! That's not fair!"

The girl let go of Shangguan Bing Xue's hand and quickly dashed forward as if she feared being too late.

Bai Zemin froze for a brief moment when his nostrils were assaulted by an exquisite fragrance of purity and nature. Because his hands were holding Kali from the bottom of her thighs, he might have reacted by trying to push away or draw the person who had entered his embrace like a bird returning to its nest after a long time of being lost. As to how he would have reacted, that would probably be a mystery forever.

Seeing the young beauty's delicate body trembling slightly and hearing the low but indistinguishable sound of a girl crying, Bai Zemin could not help but sigh in his heart.

"You've become slender again."

Bai Zemin smiled bitterly in his heart as his words seemed to make things worse. Wu Yijun literally could have thrown him to the ground if not for their huge difference in stats and his clothes would have been soaked if not for him wearing his battle armor.

A moment later, another person slipped in on Bai Zemin's right side and hugged him.

Bai Zemin looked in amazement at the little girl who raised her head to look at him with bright eyes and a beautiful smile.

"You... Are you Shilin?"

Silver hair, shining black eyes, black markings on her arms... Not to mention the connection he felt being near her; this girl was definitely Bai Shilin, there was no doubt about it.

However, Bai Zemin was certain that the last time he had seen Bai Shilin a little less than half a year ago she was no different than a 2-3 year-old girl.... How had she jumped from 2-3 years old to 8-9 years old in appearance? Bai Zemin felt that his head was too small to process it all.

"Hehe, father!" Bai Shilin smiled sweetly and said with impossible-to-hide joy, "Shilin has grown this big now! Shilin has been a really good girl! Shilin has leveled up and killed the bad villains!..."

The voice of the young girl grew fainter and fainter as she listed her feats one by one. She finally lowered her eyes and rested her small forehead on Bai Zemin's body as she said in a trembling voice, "Shilin.... Shilin really missed father a lot.... Mommy said that father would be back soon... so Shilin waited patiently.... I really behaved well so... so, don't leave Shilin behind again... please...."

Hearing Bai Shilin's low sobbing and pleading voice, Bai Zemin felt as if his heart was being cut to pieces and a pained expression crossed his face as he looked at the contrast between hair as black as night and hair as silver as moonlight.

Bai Shilin was his daughter but he had only been with her for a month at most, because after that Bai Zemin had no choice but to leave her behind. Now that he had returned almost half a year later, Bai Shilin had grown up a lot and Bai Zemin had missed many important milestones of that growth.

While he was being overwhelmed by diverse emotions that turned his mood into an even bigger mess than it already was, Bai Zemin raised his head when he heard a series of footsteps approaching.

Wu Keqian patted him on the shoulder and nodded as he said softly, "It's good that you're back, child."

Sun Ling gently stroked her daughter's hair and said with a charming smile, "You'd better make it up to my little girl for all the suffering she went through, little brother Zemin. Yijun really had a hard time during this time because of your absence."

Wu Yijun didn't bother to say anything against her mother's words and didn't even care how embarrassing it might be. She simply refused to move away and continued to cling to Bai Zemin as she was afraid for her heart at this moment.

"I'm sure our Leader will definitely take his responsibility as a man."

Bai Zemin looked at Shangguan Bing Xue's mother whose petite body made her look like Shangguan Bing Xue's little sister instead of her mother. This woman's charm was even higher than Sun Ling's even though her body definitely did not own the same curves and her class was not related to charm.

Shangguan Xinyue smiled gratefully as she slowly said, "Thank you for that time, Bai Zemin. I will be eternally grateful to you."

Bai Zemin shook his head and said under his breath, "There's nothing to be thankful for.... I was just keeping my promise."

"Just keeping your promise, uh..." Shangguan Xinyue closed her eyes gently and smiled slightly before taking a step to the side. This was the first time the two of them had a chance to talk, and despite Shangguan Xinyue having many things she wanted to tell Bai Zemin, she knew this was not the best time for it.

Xiao Ming stepped forward and gave a military greeting, "Leader Bai, I'm glad you are well!"

Bai Zemin looked at this man who was previously not much different from a bandit but was extremely loyal to him to the point of being willing to die for his sake. Xiao Ming had changed a lot during this time, and although he still had a certain air of rakishness around him he had grown into a true top warrior.

Except for Kang Lan and Evangeline who stood back as if waiting for something, Bai Zemin exchanged brief words with the few people who were close enough to him to be allowed to be in this place and at that moment.

Chen He stepped forward and looked at Bai Zemin for a few seconds. The expression on his face was indifferent, but he finally smiled and clenched his fist. He gently pounded his chest and said with sincerity, "It's a relief that you're back. All of us have been waiting for your return."

Like Wu Yijun's grandfather, Chen He's family would have been doomed had it not been for the relationship he had with Bai Zemin and his very high position in the faction. Looking back and remembering those days when he disagreed with Bai Zemin's actions, Chen He realized how much he had grown as a man and how wise he had been by listening to his subconscious.L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

Ironies of life... Chen He had expected the help of his family during the initial days of the apocalypse, but in the end, it turned out that he became the backup of his family... because thanks to him, they were still alive and could live luxuriously. All thanks to him betting on the right leader, a leader with no track record but a brilliant one.

Finally, Bai Zemin's eyes fell on the only person left. Even though she had been the one who had reacted the most calmly among all those present and despite the indifference in her expression, those two beautiful blue eyes that shone like precious jewels looked at him with more intensity than anyone else.

Shangguan Bing Xue used her big eyes to look into the red eyes of the man younger than herself a few steps ahead of her and although she had not been by his side for almost half a year she seemed to be able to understand how much hardship he had gone through while he was away from home.

His face had not changed much, however, and even though he could not absorb more Soul Power by now, Shangguan Bing Xue noticed that he had become more handsome. This was because the Bai Zemin in front of her had matured a lot and somehow the aura around him was now far more charming to the point where he looked like a completely different person; it was as if she was looking at someone who had lived for thousands of years and gone through countless heavens and hells.

At the same time, as Bai Zemin used his sharp blood-red eyes to look into those two beautiful sky-colored eyes he seemed to be able to feel all her sorrows even though the gorgeous woman's expression was indifferent. Moreover, he could not help but notice the clearly unnatural paleness on her face, and for the first time, he felt that Shangguan Bing Xue was fragile; not weak but fragile.

Her back was straight and her shoulders pulled back, her chin held high and her eyes were firm; everyone regardless of their position or identity within the Transcendent faction viewed Shangguan Bing Xue with admiration, reverence, and fear. No one would ever think about associating her with the word fragile.

However, all Bai Zemin saw was the slender silhouette and small shoulders of a girl who had been forcing herself to not fall.

Shangguan Xinyue couldn't help but smile as she saw the fixed gazes of the two as Sun Ling and Wu Keqian sighed in their hearts.

Finally and after what seemed like an eternity of silence, Shangguan Bing Xue took something out of her pocket without taking her eyes off his. She did not comment anything about the blood-red color of his eyes but instead reached out her hand and calmly said, "I have taken care of it for you... just as you asked me to."

Bai Zemin looked at the small wooden pagoda in Shangguan Bing Xue's white palm, and when he looked back into her eyes, she smiled slightly and said with shining eyes.

"Welcome home."

This was the second time Shangguan Bing Xue had said these words in less than a day, but this time she was able to say them to the person toward whom they were meant.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3