Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 916 Lilith & Shangguan Bing Xue

Frozen Sacrilege Succubus?

At first, Bai Zemin blinked in puzzlement as he looked at Shangguan Bing Xue's smiling face. However, when the little hamster that made his brain work began to run on its wheel again, Bai Zemin finally felt that he could understand what was going on.

"What kind of joke is this?" Bai Zemin didn't know whether to laugh or cry for which his expression was that of a somewhat forced smile.

"Hehehe..."

Shangguan Bing Xue giggled innocently but the spark of playfulness in her eyes was evidence of how much she was enjoying the reactions and expressions Bai Zemin was having thanks to her.

Bai Zemin looked at her with a wry smile and said slowly, "Really? Succubus? Bing Xue, why did you choose that class? Are you maybe a little seductress under that cold personality of yours?"

If the news that the cold, indifferent, and to some extent cruel Shangguan Bing Xue had chosen the path of charm capable of driving both men and women alike crazy.... Bai Zemin could already imagine the awakening kind of shock that everyone in the faction would get.

"I don't know if I'm a little seductress or not," Shangguan Bing Xue let him slip out as she said those words. She didn't take her eyes off his as she took small steps back with both hands behind her back and said with a cute smile, "However, why don't we wait and see? In the perhaps not so distant future you may be able to find the answer to your own question."

A strange light flashed in Bai Zemin's eyes as he listened to her words.

"Bing Xue, I just hope you'll be careful with your charm.... To be frankly honest, even I have a slight problem maintaining my sanity while looking at you, and this is despite possessing the skill Immovable Heart which weakens all status effects that affect my mind or soul by half." He said after a brief hesitation.

Shangguan Bing Xue looked at him in confusion before her eyes flashed with understanding.

She looked towards the house to make sure there was no one peeping before looking back at Bai Zemin. Her expression was serious as she slowly said, "I have been suppressing my charm all this time, not even in combat have I used it despite it being part of my strength."

"What?" Bai Zemin looked at her genuinely surprised and asked dumbfounded, "Why are you not using your charm in combat? Not using one of the traits of the path you chose to walk is simply nonsensical!"

Shangguan Bing Xue looked deeply at him for several seconds before saying in a serious voice, "It's because I don't want anyone to look at me with eyes that are filled with lust or desire. I have received many lustful glances during my life, even when I was just a girl taking her first steps into adolescence I could feel the weird looks of other men."

"But-"

"However!"

Shangguan Bing Xue stopped Bai Zemin as he was about to say something and at the same time as she raised her voice a little she also raised her hand to ask him not to say anything for now.

At the same time as Bai Zemin looked at her perfectly white outstretched palm, she slowly retracted her hand while closing it into a fist leaving only her index finger pointing upwards.

Shangguan Bing Xue brought that finger close to her lips and while making a gesture of silence she winked at him while saying in a playful voice: "There has been a single lustful glance that has not bothered me, that is why I am now releasing my charm completely for you to see me as I really am without modification. No more masks, this Shangguan Bing Xue you see is who I am. You are the first person to whom I show myself unreservedly and completely naked... and I plan to keep it that way not only now but also in the future."

Bai Zemin wanted to say many things regarding what Shangguan Bing Xue had just said.

For example, he felt like asking her not to say words that could easily be misinterpreted by others... Completely naked? Bai Zemin was a healthy and perfectly straight man while Shangguan Bing Xue was an insanely beautiful woman.

If he didn't react to those words then he might as well become a eunuch.

"Exactly, that kind of look you put on just now is what I'm talking about." The smile on Shangguan Bing Xue's face blossomed and her eyes glistened as she said unfiltered, "Until I come to understand myself better, you, Bai Zemin, will be the only man who will be able to see the true me. After that and when I finally understand this part of my records that I cannot assimilate... we shall see."

Bai Zemin froze and his expression changed slightly as a thought flashed through his head.

"Bing Xue... I don't think that this is the case, but just in case I'll risk to lose all my face right now.... You, don't tell me you-"

"It seems these six months of leadership have helped you clear that mind of yours a bit, hasn't it?"

Bai Zemin jumped in surprise and his words were interrupted by Lilith's slightly amused voice.Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

He and Shangguan Bing Xue raised their heads to the sky, and there she was.

Lilith smiled slightly as she slowly descended.

Shangguan Bing Xue's eyes glinted warily and her expression changed to coldness as he looked at her. Even she had to admit that even the slightest of Lilith's movements was packed with feminine charm, every smile and every frown or the slightest of hand movements seemed destined to ignite the flame of passion in whoever looked at her; especially men.

"Lilith, this is-"

Bai Zemin paused and a flare of surprise grew in his heart as he realized he was about to explain to his beloved that this was not what it seemed.... He wasn't doing anything wrong, or at least so he thought. However, as he tried to explain himself, Bai Zemin revealed that in his subconscious he somehow felt or knew that the conversation he was having with Shangguan Bing Xue was not a chat between normal friends.

Lilith simply smiled at him with incomparable affection before looking at Shangguan Bing Xue who was looking at her as if she was looking at her greatest enemy.

She chuckled and said with amusement, "Why are you looking at me like that? Believe it or not, I have just helped you."

Shangguan Bing Xue said nothing and simply looked at her for several seconds before closing her eyes and sighing. When she opened her eyes again, all that remained was indifference and the Shangguan Bing Xue from before seemed to have disappeared without a trace.

"Zemin, don't you have something to do?" Lilith looked at Bai Zemin with a smile and asked.

"Something to do?"

He was surprised and looked at her blankly. However, when he saw Lilith pointing her finger to the sky and noticed that the dawn was already there Bai Zemin understood what she meant.

"Crap, right!" he turned to leave but after taking a few steps he stopped. After wavering for a moment, Bai Zemin looked back without turning around completely and said with a small smile, "Bing Xue, I'm glad you are safe and sound. Again, thank you for all your support so far and for all the support you will give me for the countless years to come ahead of us."

Shangguan Bing Xue smiled slightly and her eyes sparkled as she calmly said, "I plan to become your number 1 partner."

The corner of Bai Zemin's mouth slightly contracted only once when he heard Shangguan Bing Xue's words and wisely decided to follow the number 1 rule of the bible to avoid problems when it came to women.

He said nothing, turned around, and left without looking back.

Lilith and Shangguan Bing Xue remained silent for almost a full minute after they both saw Bai Zemin's silhouette disappearing beyond the now closed door of the house.

"Though..." Lilith turned with a smooth and graceful movement. She looked at Shangguan Bing Xue with a faint smile on her face and said calmly, "Looks like these six months really were good for your growth."

"Thank you. I think I will reach at least level 135 or 140 after I complete my requirement to get my Third Order class." Shangguan Bing Xue replied indifferently.

Lilith chuckled and shook her head, "If you want to play dumb then that's fine with me."

She looked at the whitish-haired beauty and said slowly, "To think that there would come a day when you would say such bold words. 'I plan to become your number 1 partner' was what you said if I didn't hear wrong? Little Bing Xue, you have grown up. As your big sister I feel very proud of you."

Shangguan Bing Xue looked at her silently and a peculiar glint shone in her eyes. Suddenly, a faint smile appeared on her face as she said softly, "I wonder if you will still feel proud the day I take your seat as your biggest support."

"Oh?" Lilith looked at her with interest, the smile on her face not wavering for a moment as she waited for her next words.

"Bai Zemin said it before, didn't he? I have been his biggest physical support from the beginning until now. You can't do much in this aspect can you?" Shangguan Bing Xue continued to smile slightly as she looked at her and said with confidence, "Today, I am his biggest physical support, but who knows? Tomorrow it might not only be physical but also moral and mental. When that happens, what will your position really be? If I were you I would feel ashamed to be the useless sweetheart of the man who has the greatest talent in history."

"Let's say, and I say let's say because it won't happen but, let's say that just as you claim you manage to become his greatest moral, mental, and physical support." Lilith nodded with an elegant smile before tilting her head slightly in a cute manner as she said in an innocent voice, "But, little Bing Xue.... I'll still be his girlfriend no matter how you look at it, nu? Meanwhile you, the big super mega cool support will be.... A good friend?"

"Who knows." Shangguan Bing Xue shook her head without being too bothered by Lilith's words. She smiled, and as she slightly narrowed her eyes her pupils glittered, "By choosing the Frozen Sacrilege Succubus class I'll stop being completely human when I reach the Third Order, won't I?"

"Oh?" Lilith raised both eyebrows and the smile on her face grew as she nodded slightly, "I'm surprised you managed to figure out so much on your own... Despite knowing that you will no longer be 100% human you have chosen to walk that path, and from what I can see you did it partially to compete with me didn't you? So, what's next?"

"I admit that just as you said, part of the reason I chose to walk this path is to challenge you and beat you on your own field." Shangguan Bing Xue nodded. "However, there is an even greater reason."

Lilith's eyes glistened slightly and the smile on her face grew as she waited for Shangguan Bing Xue's next words.

"I'm not sure if what I feel for him is what I think it is... I'm inexperienced as this might be my first time, and honestly I'm also a little scared. However, if it is what I think it is, then it won't be necessary for me to continue hiding my true self anymore, will it?"

Shangguan Bing Xue softly pursed her lips. Her pupils dilated slightly and a haze of charm covered her blue eyes as she looked at Lilith with a face that was the 100% opposite of the word coldness.

"Since there will be no need to pretend anymore, then I will give my 200% so that he can't take his eyes off me even for a second." Shangguan Bing Xue's voice was a bit defiant as she looked at Lilith and said softly, "You know... Since I was very young, I was always number 1 in everything, especially when it comes to beauty. With a single wave of my hands I could have left any woman without her love... This is a thought that never crossed my mind, until now."

"Hahaha..."

Lilith laughed heartily upon hearing Shangguan Bing Xue's words. However, what surprised Shangguan Bing Xue was that Lilith's laughter did not sound mocking but rather it was as if she was actually having a good time for some reason.

She looked at Shangguan Bing Xue with a big smile capable of driving any male crazy as she laughingly said, "This is really great... I've been challenged many times, you know? But in terms of beauty or charm, I'm afraid this might be the first time."

"... Who knows, it might be your first time being challenged and defeated at the same time." Shangguan Bing Xue smiled slightly and started walking towards the house.

"I guess you're ready to challenge Sis Yijun as well?"

Feeling Shangguan Bing Xue's footsteps stopping behind, Lilith chuckled and said with a hint of disdain, "What's wrong? Don't tell me that this is as far as your determination goes? Wow, and I thought it would be an interesting challenge for a moment.... Such a disappointment."

Lilith watched over her shoulder as Shangguan Bing Xue's body trembled slightly. Her mood had gotten so out of control that the water in the pool had frozen and a thick layer of frost was building up around her.

"You want to challenge me merely with this? You think because you chose a path similar to mine you're getting closer to me?"

Lilith's voice turned a hint cold as she said these words leisurely.

Her body swayed slightly and vanished, but her words still hovered in Shangguan Bing Xue's ears for a few seconds even though she was no longer around.

"A little kid who has lost nothing and can afford to restrict her power for such a childish reason wants to defeat me? You're still 55 years too young, brat."

Shangguan Bing Xue's anger and embarrassment soon turned into confusion because of these last words.

Unfortunately, there was nobody to clarify that doubt.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3