Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 921 Elite exchange

Bai Zemin turned his right hand and under Angelo's and the two members of his elite team's surprised eyes made a small vial of slightly gray-colored liquid appear.

"Hey, Bai Zemin." Dylan rubbed his hands together as he looked at Bai Zemin's seemingly magical hand and asked under his breath, "Could it be that you have a spatial storage object?"

"That's right." Bai Zemin nodded slightly without hiding the truth but without revealing too much.

"Man, you sure are lucky." Dylan shook his head and leaned back on the couch while looking at him jealously, "We have been trying to find a space storage treasure but all we have managed to obtain so far is a large leather bag that reduces the weight of whatever is stored inside by 99% and can hold a refrigerator as the items are greatly reduced in size. That bag is already an Epic grade treasure for god's sake!"

The spatial storage ring was a Legend grade treasure that was comparable to Lilith's, a Sixth Order Higher Existence. Actually, the fact that Bai Zemin had acquired such a godly treasure was solely and exclusively due to the Destroyer of Destroyers mission he obtained from the Soul Record when he and Shangguan Bing Xue counter-invaded Oblon World.

It was only because Bai Zemin slaughtered approximately one billion asuras among which there were two Third Order soul evolvers and even managed to wound the emperor of the asura race while he was only a First Order soul evolver that the Soul Record transformed all those achievements and records into the storage ring he was using. Otherwise, Bai Zemin would probably still be wearing leather bags like everyone else.

In fact, in Eventide World, only King Philip Di Gales possessed a storage ring but it was of Epic grade not Legend. Of course, there could be more but Bai Zemin didn't know everyone.

"So, Angelo." Bai Zemin shook the small vial in his hand and said with a slight smile, "I am willing to exchange the formula of this vial and the vial itself for you to study in your country's laboratories in exchange for the formula of the 'Berserker Serum l' and a vial for us to study here in China."

".... You're kidding, aren't you?" Angelo forced a smile and shook his head. He scratched his head a little uncomfortably and said calmly, "Bai Zemin, we are also able to make our own potions and vials to recover Stamina faster, increase healing speed, etc. We have even found formulas to make potions of intermediate quality in the ruin we took possession of before."

Bai Zemin chuckled and tossed the vial towards Angelo, "I think you'll change your mind after having taken a look at it."

Angelo caught the vial calmly and after looking curiously at Bai Zemin wished to see the records of the object in his hands.

[Iron Skin Vial (Rank 2): Drinking this vial causes the skin to take on a dark gray color for 30 minutes. Rank 1 forged weapons will have difficulty penetrating defenses, medium caliber bullets will not be able to pierce defenses, and it hinders scratches from infected claws by 50%].

Angelo's pupils trembled slightly as he looked at the small vial in his hand.

"This..."

Seeing their leader act like this, Eleanora couldn't help but focus in his mind. It was then that she understood what was going on, and if it wasn't for the fact that she was already used to it her expression would have broken and revealed that she knew something without even touching the vial.

Angelo passed the vial to Dylan and looked at Bai Zemin with a serious expression. After a moment of silence, he questioned in a deep voice: "This Iron Skin Vial is Rank 2. Potions or vials above Rank 1 can be made since our world has evolved two times, but finding the necessary materials will definitely be a probably bigger headache than finding what is needed to make fifty 'Berserker Serum l' and the duration is also less than that of the serum... Besides, what about the adverse effects?"

Bai Zemin shook his head and calmly replied, "Although that vial is Rank 2, in reality there is only one component that is a bit of a problem to find. However, this difficulty only applies to lone soul evolvers or small-sized factions, even a medium-sized faction could do it as long as they had a lab with the necessary tools not to mention a large-sized faction like yours."

Seeing that Angelo continued in silence, Bai Zemin continued: "The Iron Skin Vial has no side effects at all unlike the 'Berserker Serum l' with the only exception being the fact that it can only be consumed by soul evolvers. In fact, a level 5 soul evolver can drink up to three vials in a row without any problem, so while it is true that the duration of a single vial is shorter than that of 'Berserker Serum l' its overall duration is higher as long as the consumer has more than one vial in their possession."

Hearing Bai Zemin's words, Angelo fell into deep contemplation.

If what Bai Zemin said was true then the Iron Skin Vial was something Angelo did not want to separate of. All factions in the world had their own problems, in the case of the United States of America the biggest problem was the stupidly high number of zombies.

After clearing Beijing almost completely of the most dangerous zombies, Bai Zemin's faction would have no problem taking over the other cities, districts, sub-districts, towns, and prefectures. However, things were different in the United States because while the overall population was lower, the reality was that their cities were more densely populated in comparison, making it much more problematic to recover each lost territory from the hands of the zombies.

With the Iron Skin Vial, the casualties of the American troops would drop by at least half not to mention that it also served to protect against Range 1 weapons and provided armor against medium caliber bullets; the other races were not the only enemies of the humans, the humans were also enemies among themselves.

After about a minute or two of deep consideration, Angelo nodded as he looked at Bai Zemin with a serious expression on his face, "Alright, I'm willing to exchange a shot of 'Berserker Serum l' and its formula in exchange for the Iron Skin Vial and its formula."

"All right." Bai Zemin nodded with no change in his expression.

The Iron Skin Vial he was trading with Angelo was Rank 2, but Bai Zemin had a few vials of the same type that were at Rank 3 in his storage ring, as well as the formula to make them. Although finding the materials would definitely be a challenge, he had no plans to share the Rank 3 Iron Skin Vial or its formula with any other faction.

In fact, Bai Zemin did not plan to share anything above Rank 2 with anyone and would treat anything at Rank 3 or higher as a national secret that only a very limited number of people could access. This was because the difference between Rank 2 and Rank 3 was simply too huge, and in a battle that difference would show from minute 1.

Angelo was holding back, but so was Bai Zemin.

Neither wanted to give their trump cards to the other at the same level but they had no problem sharing trump cards of a lower level than the ones they had.

Bai Zemin and Angelo continued chatting for about twenty more minutes; a time during which Chen He, Dylan, and Eleanora listened attentively and seriously. After all, this was a meeting that could literally make a worldwide difference in the war between humans and other races.

"I wish I had more time, but I'm afraid I have to return to the United States." Angelo stood up and while he reached out his right hand to squeeze Bai Zemin's he couldn't help but sigh, "What a waste. If only we had started this meeting yesterday we could have ironed out so many more details and favored each other so much more."Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Bai Zemin couldn't help but agree and nod, "Indeed, it's a pity."

He and Angelo had only exchanged two things with each other.

One was the 'Berserker Serum l' for the Iron Skin Vial as well as the formula to concoct them.

The other thing that the two Leaders of their respective factions had exchanged was much more important.

Angelo had given Bai Zemin a digital copy of a blueprint detailing how to build an energy shield system capable of resisting vacuum bomb level blasts or Second Order soul evolvers attacks. This shield was a weakened version of the shields that the U.S. Artemis-class helicopters possessed and could be mounted on land or air vehicles.

In return, Bai Zemin gave him a digitized copy of how to build Electromagnetic Guns. These weapons worked by consuming energy from Soul Stones and with them even an ordinary human could kill a First Order soul evolver if they managed to hit the head or heart.

However, due to a matter of mutual prejudice, Bai Zemin and Angelo made a few more adjustments.

On the airstrip of the military base, Bai Zemin looked at Chen He with a deep expression and asked in a low voice: "Are you sure you want to do this? It doesn't need to be you, and you know it. I was planning to send Xiao Ming."

Chen He smiled bitterly and shook his head, "Xiao Ming is loyal without a doubt, but you know his head is not too good for these matters."

Seeing Bai Zemin fall silent, Chen He pointed out, "Besides, they are leaving behind a member of the elite. We can't just look bad in front of the other world powers, don't you think?"

Because neither Bai Zemin nor Angelo trusted each other enough to be sure that the formula and construction blueprints they had exchanged with each other were real and unaltered, the two had to find a way to make sure the other wasn't trying to outsmart them.

In the end and after several proposals, both Bai Zemin and Angelo decided that the safest way for both of them was for the other party to keep an important member of the other's faction as a sort of insurance.

Of course, not to Bai Zemin's surprise, the person Angelo was leaving behind was Eleanora. As for the reason? Obviously, it was because the American faction Leader wanted Eleanora to learn as many secrets from Bai Zemin, his faction, and the core members of the Transcendent faction as possible.

Bai Zemin did not mind this, and in fact, he was grateful. He had his own plans and would slowly begin to implement them so that if everything went as he thought Angelo would surely regret it for trying to play cunning.

However, what surprised Bai Zemin the most was Chen He as he offered to go with Angelo to the United States.

Chen He looked at Bai Zemin and patted his shoulder as he said with a complicated expression, "Actually, taking a month or two to be away from her will do me good. I need time to clear my head, and I think the distance might help... I don't know. After having feelings for so many years it's not as easy as saying 'hey, I'd better move on with my life' you know?"

Bai Zemin sighed in his heart as he patted Chen He's shoulder back in response.

He didn't need to ask anything, it was too obvious who Chen He was talking about.

"Be careful in America, in a few months we'll be able to create our own serum if all goes well, and maybe you'll have managed to clear your head by then."

"Don't worry," Chen He chuckled and patted the bow on his back as he said confidently, "Although I'm not as strong as you, within the Third Order probably only three soul evolvers out of our entire faction have the ability to give me headaches."

Bai Zemin nodded, and before he could say more he heard Angelo's voice from the distance.

"Hey, ready to depart?"

"I'll go now. Take care of my family, please." Chen He nodded towards Bai Zemin and Bai Zemin nodded in response to indicate him not to worry.

After Chen He boarded the helicopter, Bai Zemin approached Angelo and calmly said, "Angelo, are you sure you don't want to exchange the technology of this helicopter for something else?"

"Forget it. These Artemis-class helicopters are comparable to Third Order beasts in the sky." Angelo refused without hesitation.

"I see." Bai Zemin didn't insist either, it was Angelo's loss anyway.

What he had planned to exchange for the Artemis-class helicopter technology was the method of forming Soul Contracts with mutant beasts.

Although in the long term the Soul Contract was better since unlike the helicopter the beast would continue to get stronger over time, in the short term the Artemis class helicopters were better since it was first necessary to find a powerful beast and defeat it before they could try to form a Soul Contract with it.

A minute later, Bai Zemin watched as the Artemis-class helicopter soared into the sky until it disappeared into the clouds. The sound of the rotors could be heard for a few seconds, becoming more and more distant until it finally disappeared completely.

Bai Zemin glanced sideways at the curvaceous small blonde who was looking at him with a grimace on her face and turned towards the exit.

Eleanora snorted and followed him silently after a slight hesitation.

Feeling the footsteps of the young American girl behind him, Bai Zemin's eyes glistened slightly and the corner of his lips rose slightly.

Lilith, who was following him closely, smiled when she saw this.

"Little brother, is it time to play? Don't tell me you plan to make the busty little blonde fall in love with you?"

"..."

If it weren't for the fact that they had company behind them Bai Zemin would have really slapped Lilith's butt.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3