Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 926  Restoration, Shadow Control, and Collector's Pocket World

With a single thought, the records that made up the skill scroll in his hands were immediately transmitted to Bai Zemin's eyes in the form of a message.

[Restoration (Second Order active-passive skill) level 5: Automatically consumes Mana according to the user's body situation or directy spends 100 Mana points to activate a will. Increases the healing rate of all types of wounds by 50%, increasing by 100% for 20 minutes when healing type skills are cast on the user. When the user loses body parts it can be restored over time. The restoration rate at which the body recovers depends on the degree of wounds and how high the user's Health stat is.]

Bai Zemin's eyes glowed brightly and his grip on the scroll tightened as he reread the records repeatedly to avoid missing the slightest detail or overlooking any point of the detailed information.

The mere fact of increasing the wound recovery rate by 50% was already insane but the fact that that restoration rate increased to 100% when receiving heals and based on the user's body was simply outrageous! This meant that on the battlefield, Bai Zemin would literally be twice as tough to kill compared to his current self!

The current Bai Zemin was already tremendously difficult to kill but if he had this skill Restoration in his arsenal his enemies would undoubtedly experience the greatest of terrors as the wounds they had managed to inflict on him with great difficulty healed at twice the normal speed right in front of their eyes!

For example, with this skill, Bai Zemin would not have been unconscious for two months after his battle against Demon Lord Ar'gon but would probably have been a month and a half or even a single month... and Zhong De might not have died.

However, what thrilled Bai Zemin's heart the most was the fact that he could now recover lost body parts as long as he was given enough time. This meant that when Bai Zemin learned the skill Restoration he would be able to regenerate fingers, hands, arms, legs, and even internal organs!

The existence of the skill Restoration would open countless doors for Bai Zemin in the future, and this was just the beginning. When he would upgrade the stage of this skill.... Bai Zemin was certain that in the future he would not necessarily be much worse than that dragonkin he had faced in the United States.

Even if he didn't reach a level as terrifying as that beast, being able to regenerate limbs on the battlefield after receiving a fatal attack was enough to drive anyone into a frenzy.

Bai Zemin had already found the third skill that he would learn as soon as he had time and reached the Second Order along with the skills Drain Life and Dark Mist.

After putting away the Restoration skill scroll, Bai Zemin extended his right hand and his storage ring glowed slightly causing a new skill scroll to appear in his palm.

This was the skill scroll he had obtained after killing Ar'gon in the dungeon that was formed after the birth of a natural treasure when Eventide World evolved to its third stage.

Looking at the scroll in his hands, Bai Zemin frowned slightly when he noticed the silver runes. Although this was certainly a great skill, Bai Zemin somehow felt that it was not the skill he thought it was going to be.

[Shadow Control (Second Order active skill) level 3: Shadows are part of the darkness born in the face of the existence of light. As long as there is light, there will be darkness, and as long as there is a body, there will be a shadow. Effect: Consumes 50 Mana points to activate and control the shadows for 30 seconds, being able to transform the shape of the shadows into a physical or magical object that will listen to the will of the user while the effect is active.]

"Shadow Control?" The frown on Bai Zemin's face deepened a bit as he looked at the skill records.

He was disappointed, and Lilith probably noticed it from his expression as she approached him with Bai Shilin holding her hand as she asked in confusion, "Is something wrong? What is this Shadow Control thing you're talking about?"

"Ah... Lilith, take a look at this skill." Bai Zemin passed the scroll to Lilith, and once she took it, he said with a frown, "That skill is the one I obtained from a part of the Demon Lord's records.... Honestly, I thought I would get Darkness Manipulation."

Lilith confirmed the records of the skill and her eyes glittered slightly, "Zemin, this Shadow Control skill is actually very good. Not only is it good for attacking, but you can also use it as a defense.... The uses of this skill are only slightly lower than Manipulation-type skills and it is not below Maker-type skills."

"No, I am aware of that...:" Bai Zemin received the scroll and as he stared at it he couldn't help but sigh, "But, I really thought I was finally going to get my hands on Darkness Manipulation."

Maker-type skills were terrifyingly powerful. Shangguan Bing Xue whose main skill was Ice Maker was living proof that soul evolvers with Maker-like skills possessed the ability to become supreme existences.

Shadow Control was a skill that thanks to its diversity and surprise effect could stand on equal footing with Maker-type skills. It was without a doubt a great skill.

It was just that Bai Zemin expected more.

"Scoundrel, you think Manipulation-type skills are easy to get?" Lilith shook her head.

Lilith used to think that Manipulation-type skills were just stronger skills than the rest, but thanks to Fire Sorrow she finally knew that these skills were on different scales than the rest.

After a little hesitation, Lilith decided to tell Bai Zemin a little about skills.

"Zemin, Manipulation-type skills are trap skills so to speak.... These skills literally allow you to manipulate different types of universal laws. Even geniuses among geniuses can take tens of thousands of years and even hundreds of thousands of years to manipulate a law but even then it will hardly come to compare to someone who possesses the Manipulation skill of the same law."

Lilith paused, and seeing that Bai Zemin was looking at her waiting for her next words, she continued, "I.... I'm not quite sure about this, but I think I know who has the skill Darkness Manipulation."

"Oh?" Bai Zemin narrowed his eyes, and even though in his heart he believed he had the right answer, he still asked, "Who is it?"

"It's Lucifer," Lilith said in a serious voice.

"Lucifer... The Lord of the Demonic Army..." Bai Zemin lowered his head and muttered softly, "If that's the case... that might be a problem."

Lilith frowned slightly with concern but said nothing. She knew that Bai Zemin needed the skill Darkness Manipulation to take Soul Manipulation to the next Order, and this was too important for him and his growth as well as for the possibility of restoring Zhong De's records after Bai Zemin killed everyone involved with his death and stored those records in his soul.

"Maybe Lucifer is not the only one, no need to worry." She said in an attempt to lighten his mood a bit.

However, Lilith didn't know that the reason behind Bai Zemin's slightly heavy mood was not learning that Lucifer might possess the Darkness Manipulation skill. Although he preferred not to clash with the Demonic Army or its leader, for the sake of his future and the future of his loved ones Bai Zemin would not hesitate to give his all to kill Lucifer if it would lead him to the skill Darkness Manipulation.

"... I feel something is wrong here." Bai Zemin shook his head as he looked at the Shadow Control scroll with a deep frown, "But I can't tell where the problem is."

Lilith also frowned as she looked at him acting like this. Her past self might have scoffed, but not her current self after seeing with her own eyes how terrifying the "hidden sixth sense" Bai Zemin had was; an instinct even sharper than that of the beasts.

"Forget it, forget it." Bai Zemin shook his head and put away the Shadow Control skill scroll. "There's no use thinking about it now."

He couldn't even find the answer to his incognita let alone be able to solve the problem itself. Therefore, instead of wasting time, the best option was to become strong enough to crush whatever showed up in the future on representation of the discomfort he was feeling right now.

Seeing how Bai Zemin managed to shake off the thoughts that were weighing him down, Lilith couldn't help but let her eyes soften as she caressed his head just like an older sister.

"You have grown a lot in this short time, Zemin."

Bai Zemin did not remove her hand but simply moved his head slightly upwards as his eyes looked up and said with a wry smile, "What are these sudden words due to?"

She gently tapped his fringe and said with a chuckle, "Who was it that in an emotional fit destroyed his cell phone when the apocalypse began?"

"... Can you blame me for that?"

"I don't know, you tell me."

Bai Zemin grimaced but did not pursue the matter further.

"It's time to see what this little guy can do." He muttered as he turned his hand over.

Lilith's eyes glinted slightly as a flash of dull bronze-colored light shot outward from the central area of Bai Zemin's chest.

"Lilith, what is the highest grade of treasure you have in your possession?" he asked as he looked at the small antique-looking pocket watch in his palm.

"Legend grade." She answered honestly. Lilith continued, "Aside from my Legend grade storage ring, I have two other Legend grade treasures. Actually, Legend grade treasures are very important even to us Higher Existences. A Legend grade treasure grants too many stats and some even have extremely powerful attached skills capable of saving our lives at the last second."

Bai Zemin looked inside his spatial storage ring. His eyes rested for a moment on the small deep blue elegant feather resting in a corner of the enclosed space as he nodded calmly, "I see."

He had not forgotten the Legend grade treasure he obtained after slaying the mighty Artic*no in the dungeon when the beast's tail detached. Bai Zemin had plans for this treasure and that was why the Feather of the Frozen End was still hidden from the entire world as it was not yet time to reveal it.

It was a pity to keep a treasure of such magnitude hidden but there was a good cause for it, and Lilith's words had made him reaffirm his intention even more.

Finally, Bai Zemin touched the cover of the pocket watch and the records of the treasure were reflected in his retinas according to his will.

-----------

[Collector's Pocket Watch (Demigod grade treasure): A treasure as old as the universe itself. It is currently attached to Bai Zemin's soul and cannot be stolen or taken by others through force. Since it is attached to the user's soul, it increases Magic and Mana stats by +1000 natural points each.]

[Attached skill number 1 (Collector's Pocket World): A world where the laws work much like the universe but where the law of time has been accelerated 10 times compared to the outside world. The user can choose who enters and who doesn't as well as what enters and what doesn't.]

[Attached skill number 2 (????): Sealed. Upgrade to God grade to unlock].

----------- CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3