Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 927 Collector's Pocket World

"What?" Bai Zemin gasped in shock and automatically jumped to his feet as he looked at the bronze clock with eyes filled with disbelief.

Seeing his reaction and noticing the shock Bai Zemin felt, Lilith couldn't help but feel slightly surprised.

Bai Zemin was under the effect of the skill Blood Berserker's Wrath with two triggers shot and almost 20% of his rationality consumed by anger and sadness but yet here he was, literally jumping in shock.

She subconsciously glanced at the bronze watch and her ruby eyes glittered slightly. She was also curious to know the records and power of a Demigod-grade treasure as this might be one of the few times in her life that she would come in contact with one.

Bai Zemin looked at her with a somewhat funny expression on his face and slowly extended his palm outward as he staggered, "L-Lilith... y-you, take a look at this..."

Lilith took the bronze-colored watch and after looking at Bai Zemin for a moment she looked at the treasure in her hands while narrowing her eyes at the records before her eyes.

After about five seconds and as Bai Zemin looked at Lilith with a nervous expression on his face, he noticed how her pupils trembled slightly followed by a soft gasp that slipped from her slightly open lips.

"This..." Lilith looked up somewhat comically as she resembled a rusty robot. Her ruby-colored eyes trembled noticeably as she gazed with surprise into Bai Zemin's blood-red eyes and said with obvious shock, "Z-Zemin.... T-This watch has a whole world inside it...? A-And besides... the law of time runs faster inside by ten times compared to outside..."

Lilith was so surprised and the shock in her heart was so great that she couldn't help but ask Bai Zemin something that she had just confirmed for herself.

"T-That seems to be the case..." Bai Zemin nodded and swallowed audibly as he gently took the watch back.

Bai Shilin's small face moved innocently between Bai Zemin and Lilith. Her black eyes sparkled with curiosity as the little girl could not understand why her father and third mother were behaving in such a peculiar manner.

The little girl took a step forward and used her small hands to cling to one of Bai Zemin's arms and when she finally got the desired attention Bai Shilin looked at him with eyes filled with purity as she asked in a soft voice, "Father, can Shilin hold that little watch too?"

That little watch? Bai Zemin could feel the corner of his mouth tremble and when he subconsciously looked at Lilith he noticed that she wasn't much better.

... Bai Zemin was sure that if it weren't for the fact that this little cutie was his daughter, an innocent little angel who despite her height and personal ability was actually only a few months old, he might have given her a smack to see if that would fix the brain.

He coughed to clear his throat and dispel such vile thoughts as he used his free hand to pat Bai Shilin's silky hair, "All right, my precious Shilin. Father will let you have this amazing watch."

Lilith was still so surprised that she inadvertently missed a good moment to say naughty words and tease Bai Zemin as she loved so much.

Bai Shilin's eyes sparkled as she picked up the bronze watch using her small hands and looked at it carefully for several seconds before a confused expression appeared on her face.

She simply could not understand what was so amazing about this little gadget to make her incredibly amazing parents lose their composure. However, Bai Shilin did not give up and continued to watch the clock more and more closely.

Meanwhile, Bai Zemin and Lilith began to speculate regarding the power of the Collector's Pocket Watch.

"I-If you think about it carefully, it's actually not that surprising." Bai Zemin said as he slowly sat back down.

Lilith looked at him with a dead expression on her face and said in a serious voice, "Surnamed Bai, are you telling me that having a world that you can literally carry in your pocket everywhere you go isn't that amazing? Because if that's the case then let me apologize for living a boring life."

"N-No, that's not what I meant." Bai Zemin shook his head. He took a moment to take a deep breath and calm himself as he slowly said, "Lilith, do you remember the dungeon and the p*kem*ns that were everywhere?"

"How can I forget Sn*rl*x and the rest? A priceless experience." Lilith nodded with a serious expression on her face.

Bai Zemin continued with his theory: "The dungeon actually had a dungeon inside it. The main dungeon was at least as big as a few Eventide Worlds or at very least comparable to the main world. On the other hand, the smaller dungeon wasn't explored but it was certainly a world in itself."

"So?" Lilith sat down next to him and looked at him puzzled.

"So, what's the name of the watch skill?" Bai Zemin asked back.

"... Collector's Pocket World..." Lilith muttered, and for every word she said, her eyes grew wider.

"Looks like you noticed it too." Bai Zemin nodded with a serious expression on his face.

"... This has to be a joke." Lilith didn't know whether to laugh or cry as she stretched her hands out and said in bewilderment, "You're telling me that pocket world is meant for training p*kem*ns?"

"Well... not necessarily p*kem*ns but probably an army of soul evolvers or something." Bai Zemin stood up and said now more calmly, "We just have to see what the limits are and what can be done in this world that exists inside the bronze watch."

"My dear Shilin-"

Bai Zemin's words stuck in his throat and his face went white as he turned around to look at Bai Shilin, because when he planned to borrow the watch back from her he saw something that for a moment made him panic.Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Standing no more than two or three steps away from where Bai Zemin and Lilith were sitting and talking a second ago, Bai Shilin stood with a frown on her face as she slowly pulled the bronze watch now covered in saliva from the inside of her mouth.

.

Bai Shilin looked at Bai Zemin with a pitiful expression on her little face as she growled under her breath, "Father, what's so amazing about this machine? Shilin has looked at it several times but found nothing amazing other than its endurance. Shilin is so strong that she can even hit Uncle Kong Jun several times but Shilin can't break this little clock... It doesn't even taste good!"

Bai Zemin's mouth opened comically as his eyes followed the movement of the strings of transparent saliva that dangled and slowly fell to the ground.

"S- Shilin..." Bai Zemin looked at her and swallowed as he asked softly, "How did you manage to put that watch in your mouth...? Is that a skill of yours?"

Although the Collector's Pocket Watch was just as its name indicated, a pocket watch, it was not something a person could put in their mouth just like that... Its size was certainly bigger than what Bai Zemin could open his mouth wide so for him it was out of the question to even try!

"Skill? It's not." Bai Shilin shook her head and said in an innocent voice, "See."

Then, Bai Zemin finally remembered that although Bai Shilin had human appearance most of her records were from the former queen of the weaver ants, Shi Lin.

Bai Shilin could open her mouth at will to a size capable of scaring small children and becoming a legend told at night to misbehaving kids by their parents.

Seeing the beautiful, illusion-like face his daughter had, Bai Zemin thought that evolution was truly a wonderful thing.

He coughed to clear his throat and carefully took the watch from Bai Shilin's hands.... It was all slimy and wet, Bai Zemin used the cloak he was wearing earlier to brush it off.

"It's a good thing that old man went to sleep or else he might have had a heart attack." Bai Zemin couldn't help but laugh as he spoke his thoughts out loud.

"That old man?" Lilith looked at him in confusion as she realized there was some information she didn't know, "Zemin, what are you talking about?"

"Oh, it turns out..."

A lot had happened in the last time. After fighting Demon Lord Ar'gon and killing him, Bai Zemin fell unconscious for two months and when he woke up he learned about Zhong De's death so he returned to Earth that same day without even setting everything up the way he would have liked before he left Eventide World.

Then, despite having returned to Earth, Bai Zemin found himself landing on American soil due to the special alteration of some technology under the power of the United States of America and there he fought a dragonkin and met the leader of the most powerful faction in the country.

Upon returning to China, Bai Zemin was catching up with his faction's current situation after being away from home for almost half a year.... So much had happened that he literally had not had time to sit down with Lilith and have a good conversation.

A few minutes later, Lilith looked at Bai Zemin with a complicated expression on her face as she slowly said, "Then... the reason why your aura underwent abrupt changes in a matter of fractions of a second as you stopped on the 9999th step of the Staircase to Heaven, and the reason behind your strange behavior, as well as the drastic change your demeanor underwent... is all due to the fact that you lived in an illusion for 10,000 years...?"

"That's right," Bai Zemin nodded and a glint of uneasiness flashed in his eyes as he muttered under his breath, "I.... I know that the will of the Collector's Pocket Watch sealed the memories of my life in that illusion for my own sake to prevent my soul from being damaged and my personality from being altered abruptly.... But, I have this intense feeling of uneasiness every time I think about this matter.... Somehow.... I feel like I'm forgetting something.... or someone too important. It's a feeling I really hate."

Lilith could feel Bai Zemin's discomfort, she could see it in his expression.

"Zemin, you just have to be a little more patient... You already figured out that you can break that seal by yourself, right? Just break it little by little, very carefully while letting all those memories, lived experiences, and who knows what else get assimilated with your soul and true personality." She said in a gentle voice.

Bai Zemin tried to force a smile as he said calmly, "It's all right, don't worry. It will all come together little by little and each piece of the puzzle will eventually fall into place."

Lilith nodded with a slight but charming smile on her face that despite looking very normal from a soul evolver's point of view actually had the potential to attract men's eyes like bees attracted to honey.

"Very well." Bai Zemin's expression became serious and as he looked at the bronze watch in his hand he used his thumb to press down on the button protruding from the top of the treasure.

The bronze lid opened, and as a large amount of green letters reflected in Bai Zemin's eyes, he said in a deep voice, "Let us discover the true power this watch and the world holds within it."

[By activating the first attached skill of the Collector's Pocket Watch, the user will be able to enter the Collector's Pocket World alone or accompanied. If the other existence is an intelligent being, then its consent is first needed before the user can bring them into the inner world, and if the other existence is a living being without intelligence, then said existence must be domesticated or tamed so that there is no ill-will towards the owner of the Collector's Pocket Watch.]

[The owner can only enter or exit the Collector's Pocket Watch during a relaxed or out-of-combat state.]

The records of the Collector's Pocket Watch, or rather, the records of the watch's first skill flashed in Bai Zemin's eyes as he pressed the button at the top.

Although there was a lot of information, in truth Bai Zemin felt that it was quite vague.

Would the timing of the skills continue to run normally within the inner world of the watch?

For example, if Bai Zemin used Blood Divine Punishment whose cooldown was 7 days in the outside world and entered the Collector's Pocket World, that time would continue to run and in about 15-17 hours of the real world, the skill would become available again after 7 days had passed for him within the inner world?

What kind of benefits were there in the inner world or what kind of cons did it have?

There were many things that needed to be tested carefully and slowly.

* * * * * * *

A/N: For those who are wondering who the cover girl is, it's our cute Bai Shilin. Original, that is.

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3