Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 930 Unforgettable night surrounded by beauties (Part 1)

Before going home, Bai Zemin made a stop at the villa of the Wu family and for the first time met Wu Jianhong, the former Premier of China.

Honestly, Bai Zemin's impression of Wu Jianhong was far from good after learning that he did nothing to prevent Xuanyuan Wentian from launching nuclear missiles against the faction of which his granddaughter and son were a part, and this was probably noticeable on his face as the old man smiled bitterly as he sat on the couch in front of him without saying a word.

Bai Zemin was waiting for Wu Yijun who was taking a shower according to what Sun Ling had informed him.

Sun Ling had been paying attention to Lilith in her Lili form and had done nothing to hide her analytical eyes. Strangely, Sun Ling couldn't help but feel puzzled as she looked at the woman in front of her.... Although this woman had a normal appearance at best, her body was certainly that of a demon.

However, what made Sun Ling more alert was that she did not know the reason why she felt that this woman in front of her was very beautiful even though she clearly was not. She knew that the stat not trackable Charm existed since her class was related to charm and assassination, however, never in her wildest dreams could she imagine that the Charm of the seemingly normal woman in front of her was absurdly high.

"Aunt Sun, Uncle Wu is not at home?" Bai Zemin asked in confusion when he did not see Wu Keqian anywhere.

Sun Ling slowly turned her attention back to Bai Zemin, and after a moment she replied with a faint smile, "Today is Lim Qinyu's turn so your Uncle Wu probably won't be home."

"Lim Qinyu? Who's that?" Bai Zemin frowned in confusion.

"Lim Qinyu is his other wife. Do you remember? You saw her once in the past. Yijun talked to her father and told him that even if she agreed to him having another woman besides me and I was fine with that, she didn't want that woman to live here so Keqian agreed and prepared a villa for her not far from this one." Sun Ling replied calmly.

It was then that the vague image of a beautiful woman appeared blurred in Bai Zemin's memories. He had met this woman once when he and his team arrived at this base pretending to be normal survivors.

"Oh." Bai Zemin nodded without asking any more questions about it.

This was none of his business anyway, and how others lived their lives was up to them.

Sun Ling didn't seem particularly interested in this matter either as she soon turned her attention back to Lili and asked curiously, "Little Zemin, who is this young lady?"

She knew Kali as although they had not exchanged any words Sun Ling knew that she was the girl who came with Bai Zemin from the other world. However, this was the first time Sun Ling and Lilith in her human form had met.... Of course, she had never met Lilith in her real form either.

"Ah, I'm sorry." Bai Zemin also realized his mistake and quickly introduced them, "Aunt Sun, allow me to introduce you. Her name is Lili, she is my fiancée."

"Your fiancée?" Sun Ling was so surprised that her eyes widened as she looked Lili up and down, "How did I hear about this just now?"

"This..." Bai Zemin scratched his head and said a little embarrassed, "Actually, other than my family, Bing Xue, and Yijun, I haven't had much time for these things..."

Actually, Bai Zemin was also confused.

What was he supposed to do? A party to announce to everyone that the girl sitting next to him was his girlfriend or something similar?

Sun Ling said nothing but looked carefully at the beautiful woman who was looking at her with a faint smile.

Subconsciously, Sun Ling let out a sigh as if seemingly relieved of something as she extended her hand and said with genuine kindness, "Lili, right? It's nice to meet you. My name is Sun Ling and I'm Yijun's mom whom you probably already know, but you can call me Aunt Sun since you're part of the family."

Bai Zemin broke into a furious cough as he looked at Wu Yijun's mother with tears at the edge of his eyes, " A-Aunt Sun, what do you mean by family?"

"What are you talking about? Aren't we one big family from the same faction? You even call me aunt and all." Sun Ling looked at him as if she didn't understand what he was saying but the slight smile at the corner of her mouth suggested something different.

'My dear Aunt Sun, don't make things difficult for me please!' Bai Zemin really wanted to plead out loud.

Lilith in her human form chuckled and her eyes glistened strangely as she looked at Sun Ling. Wu Yijun's mother was most likely relieved to 'discover' that she was normal as Sun Ling was clearly vigilant of Shangguan Bing Xue in comparison.

At the end of the day, for all those who did not know the truth it was certain that Shangguan Bing Xue was undoubtedly the most outstanding woman of all and with whom no other woman could compete, not even Wu Yijun.

Lilith also extended her hand and gave the other party's hand a little squeeze as she said in a soft voice: "Zemin mentioned you to me, Aunt Sun. He said he would like to get to know you in more depth."

"What?!" Bai Zemin subconsciously raised his voice as he jumped to his feet.

When in hell had he ever said such a thing?!

Lilith looked at him seemingly confused and said in a puzzled voice, "Didn't you say before that Aunt Sun's class is probably a special or unique one and that's why you'd like to know more about her limits?"

Bai Zemin's corner trembled as he slowly returned to his seat.

This little minx was clearly poking fun at him!

"Hahaha!" Sun Ling suddenly started laughing.

Her shoulders shook and it's probably partly due to her class but her breasts jiggled in such an enticing way that Wu Jianhong coughed several times as he looked away to avoid sinning.

She giggled for several seconds before looking at Lilith with a big smile, "Lili, I have to say I already like you very much girl. I hope you and my daughter can be good friends in the future!"

"Oh, Yijun and I call each other sister." Lilith waved her hand as if she was telling old news.

"Oh?" Sun Ling's eyes sparkled and she leaned forward with a look filled with curiosity, "Lili, one of these days I'd like to be able to chat with you about life while showing you my tea leafs."

.

"I'll be happy to make you company, Aunt Sun."

Bai Zemin gave up in the face of these two women. Even an idiot would be able to figure out what was going on in this place, and the worst part of it all was that Lilith was definitely enjoying it.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Wu Jianhong remained seated in silence. His attention was focused on the young man in front of him who was now chatting with the two little girls sitting next to him. No one knew what he was thinking.

About 10 minutes later, Wu Yijun came downstairs with slightly damp hair and wearing a cute and comfortable dress suitable to be at home.

"Uh... B- Bai Zemin."

When she saw Bai Zemin in the living room of her house, the girl subconsciously tried to fix her hair a little while straightening her dress with her other hand.

Seeing this, Sun Ling chuckled and shook her head as she said in a mocking voice, "Girl, could you be more obvious?"

"Mom!" Wu Yijun stomped and puffed out her cheeks as she said blushing, "Why didn't you tell me we had guests? It's not good to make guests wait!"

"Well, I didn't invite them but they came." Sun Ling excused herself before pointing at Bai Zemin and slowly saying, "Besides, it was this boy who told me to let you take your shower undisturbed."

Bai Zemin's eyes lingered for a second on Wu Yijun's swan-like neck and he could not help but notice a light mist of warm steam surrounding her still slightly flushed skin as proof that she had just stepped out of the bath.

She was truly a beautiful woman in every aspect. Face, body, talent, attitude, personality.... Wu Yijun literally had it all and any man would be more than delighted to receive her affection. Even Bai Zemin admitted in his heart that had it not been for Lilith's existence he might have fallen for her.

He dismissed those thoughts and stood up with the intention of leaving.

"You're leaving already? Why don't you stay for dinner? Ah... Everyone can, of course." Wu Yijun immediately proposed while looking at him with soft eyes.

... She literally hadn't stopped to look at the other people.

Bai Zemin smiled gently and said slowly, "Actually, the reason I came was because I have an important matter I need to talk to you about in private... Yijun, are you free tomorrow? I would like you to join me for the afternoon and evening."

"You want... You want me to accompany you in the afternoon and evening?" Wu Yijun looked at him in surprise. Her heart began to beat harder but she tried to keep calm and asked carefully, "This.... We meet at the government building...?"

Usually, when a guy asked a girl if she would like to join him in the evening if she was free it meant that he was asking her out on a date. However, times had changed, and Wu Yijun knew that most probably Bai Zemin didn't mean that.

"Oh, not in the government building." He shook his head, and after glancing sideways at Lilith and seeing that she was simply smiling calmly, he sighed in relief as he said, "Actually, I'd like you to join me for a walk around the base while you update me on everything and we grab a bite to eat over there. Later on I'd like to take you to a place that so far only Lili and Shilin know about."

"This..."

Wu Yijun was very surprised. No matter how she looked at it, this wasn't much different from a date.... Going out for a walk while they chatted, having a bite to eat at a restaurant a roadside stand.... Besides, he had just said he wanted to show her a place that only Lili and Shilin knew about? It was understandable that Lili and Shilin had privileges, one was his girlfriend and the other his daughter after all... But ,what was her place here?

Seeing that she did not respond, Bai Zemin quickly said, "Actually, if you are busy forget it. I'll get B-"

"I'm not busy at all!"

Wu Yijun interrupted him not wanting him to continue... Even if it was just an illusion, an illusion was better than nothing...

Bai Zemin looked at her with a complicated expression, and after a moment finally nodded, "In that case, see you tomorrow."

Wu Yijun nodded with a serious expression on her face but only she knew how agitated her heart was inside her chest.

Just as Bai Zemin was helping Kali rest on his back, Lilith stood up and took Bai Shilin's hand.

She looked at Wu Yijun and said with a faint smile, "Sis Yijun, it turns out that Zemin's mom is cooking a delicious dinner for tonight to celebrate his return home. Would you like to come?"

"Eh?" Wu Yijun looked at her in surprise before looking at Bai Zemin who was as surprised as she was.

"I... I'm not really sure..."

Lilith looked at Bai Zemin with a smile that wasn't a smile and said under her breath, "It's okay, isn't it? I'm sure mother will be happy to have little sister Yijun joining us."

Bai Zemin sighed in his heart. Lilith had literally just cut off any exit route for him with those words. Besides, if his mother Ye Linger found out that he refused here he would definitely be beaten to death.

Oh well, what could go wrong at a dinner party.... Bai Zemin took comfort in his heart as he nodded.

"Sure, if Yijun doesn't mind then I'd be glad to have her joining us for dinner."

Wu Yijun's eyes lit up as if thousands of stars were shining deep in them. She waved her right hand as she turned and ran up the stairs.

"I... I'll go change into more suitable clothes. I'll be right back!"

... For some reason, Bai Zemin felt that something was going to happen tonight.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3