Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 931 Unforgettable night surrounded bybeauties (Part 2)

"In any case, I'll be back in a few hours," Wu Yijun nodded toward her mother after descending the stairs before looking toward her grandfather and nodding in a considerably more casual manner, causing Wu Jianhong to smile bitterly.

It seemed that he had lost much of the affection or respect that his beloved granddaughter used to have for him. In fact, Wu Jianhong noticed that his granddaughter had matured and grown up a lot into a splendid woman in her own right and she probably wouldn't have been so sympathetic to him if it weren't for all the memories they had together.

"Go, child." Sun Ling waved her hand with a smile on her face. She suddenly looked at Bai Zemin and said in a playful voice, "I wouldn't mind if I get a grandchild or two this early though.

"Mom!" Wu Yijun's eyes widened and her face soon turned as red as the long coat she wore over the beautiful purple turtleneck sweater that emphasized her upper curves to an astonishing level.

"Let's get out of here before the children get corrupted." Bai Zemin looked at Sun Ling grimly and left as he snorted.

"Strive to give me a girl and don't worry if you don't want to come back tonight!"

"Mom!"

Bai Zemin could feel his left eye twitching uncontrollably as he hurried out of that house while carrying Kali on his back with Bai Shilin clinging to his cloak following close behind.

He heard Wu Yijun telling her mother that she would return in about 2 hours before the door of the house closed followed by hurried footsteps approaching.

"I- I'm sorry for my mom's behavior. She's... She's a little weird sometimes." Wu Yijun apologized with her face still as red as an apple.

Bai Zemin didn't even get a chance to say anything when Lilith beat him to it.

"Little Sister Yijun, what are you apologizing for? Aunt Sun is undoubtedly a funny person."

"F- Funny?" Wu Yijun looked at her with wide eyes and said in an incredulous voice, "Big sister Lili, did you even hear the words my mother said?"

"Of course I did, I'm not deaf." Lilith smiled sweetly and said kindly, "She was just talking about wanting grandchildren, what's so strange about that?"

"No... well..." Wu Yijun looked at her speechlessly.

Wanting grandchildren was nothing weird or strange and nothing wrong with it.... The problem here was that Sun Ling clearly wanted Wu Yijun to give birth to Bai Zemin's children but Lili didn't seem to realize it or was just pretending she didn't know anything.

Bai Shilin looked at the faces of the three people confused as she had no idea what they were talking about, but before she could ask any questions Kali's voice interrupted her.

"Everyone in this world is a bunch of perverts."

Bai Zemin really wanted to dig a hole and bury his head in there. Even Kali seemed to be losing faith in him because of certain people!

The group of five had walked for about five minutes and naturally encountered a few more people walking around the streets of the privileged area of the base. Although they definitely attracted attention, especially from some younger men who surely lived comfortable lives thanks to some relative with some ability or a lot of luck, no one dared to disturb them when they met Bai Zemin's blood-red eyes.

It was around that time that Bai Zemin noticed a person walking towards them from the direction they were heading, and the moment he noticed this person, he was also noticed.

"Second mother!"

Bai Shilin let go of Bai Zemin and went running to meet Shangguan Bing Xue. Soon, the big whitish-haired beauty and the little slightly silver-haired beauty found themselves hugging each other as the rest of the group closed the distance.

"What a surprise." While stroking Bai Shilin's silky soft hair, Shangguan Bing Xue glanced at Bai Zemin before looking at Lilith in her human form and finally stopping on Wu Yijun. "I was just coming to visit you to chat about something."

"Oh, I-"

"I'm sorry, but I'm afraid that will have to wait." Lilith interrupted.

Shangguan Bing Xue looked at her blankly and said coldly, "Wait? And why is that?"

Bai Zemin would have facepalmed except that both of his hands were busy under Kali's thighs keeping the girl from falling or hanging off his back.

These two women really couldn't get along at least a little? Every time they saw each other it was like trying to mix a bucket of burning lava with a block of ice.

"It's because as you can see we are heading to Zemin's house." Lilith still had a smile on her face and her eyes sparkled with a hint of amusement as she looked into the ice-cold blue eyes of the woman in front of her, "Mother.... Oh, I mean Zemin's mom, by the way. Anyway, she's preparing a family dinner now, and given the time of day she'll probably finish soon so we can't keep everyone waiting for us. I hope you understand."

... She was definitely teasing and picking on Shangguan Bing Xue.

Bai Zemin sighed in his heart while Wu Yijun didn't know what to do in this kind of situation with her eyes going back and forth between each of the girls.

If it was the Shangguan Bing Xue from the past who restrained herself and hid her true character in front of everyone, then Lilith would definitely have gotten her to turn around and walk away with a defeated expression on her face.... The problem was that the Shangguan Bing Xue that Lilith had in front of her was not exactly the same Shangguan Bing Xue from almost a year ago just like Bai Zemin was no longer the same past self.

Indeed, Shangguan Bing Xue's lips curved slightly upwards into an incredibly charming smile that left Wu Yijun at a loss for words.

"I see." She nodded toward Lilith before crouching down to face Bai Shilin. Shangguan Bing Xue combed the girl's hair a little and said in a sweet voice, "My sweet Shilin, mommy has to go as your Grandma Ye is waiting for all of you at home for a yummy dinner."

Bai Zemin was speechless as he looked at the woman in front of him.

The most surprised of all was undoubtedly Wu Yijun who was dumbfounded as she watched the events unfold. Just... Who was this person in front of her? The Shangguan Bing Xue she had known all her life had not only just smiled in a way she had never seen before but was also playing with her words to lure Bai Shilin to her side!

"Eh? Mommy, where are you going?" Bai Shilin suddenly asked feeling confused.

Shangguan Bing Xue kissed Bai Shilin's forehead delicately and stood up as she slowly said, "Mommy is going home. Just like you and everyone else, your mommy also needs dinner."

It was then that the corner of Lilith's mouth twitched very slightly as she murmured in a voice that only she could hear, "Not bad."

Indeed, upon hearing Shangguan Bing Xue's words, Bai Shilin looked at Bai Zemin and asked using her tender voice that no one could refuse, "Father, can mommy Bing Xue have dinner with all of us? We are a family after all, aren't we?"

How could Bai Zemin say no when Bai Shilin was looking at him with those puppy eyes? He had been away from his daughter for most of her life... even if it was only a few months.

Besides, he really had no reason to reject Shangguan Bing Xue. Quite the contrary, she was undoubtedly the person closest to him leaving aside romantic and family relations.FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"Of course, she can." Bai Zemin nodded and looked at Shangguan Bing Xue with a faint smile, "Let's all go together. I'm sure my mom will be happy to see you."

Shangguan Bing Xue smiled slightly and looked at Lilith. Her blue eyes glittered slightly as she slowly said, "So he said."

Lilith chuckled and said nothing, much to the frustration of Shangguan Bing Xue, who far from seeing her upset, what she saw was this woman she considered her greatest rival in life clearly enjoying the course of events.

Although along the walk Shangguan Bing Xue noticed how Wu Yijun looked at her in astonishment and apparently wanting to ask something, neither of them really spoke much and except for Bai Shilin's sweet voice, the group remained silent; a silence that many might consider uncomfortable but many others would definitely think the opposite.

Finally, everyone arrived at Bai Zemin's house.

Bai Zemin's mother, Ye Linger, was clearly delighted with the presence of Wu Yijun and Shangguan Bing Xue. However, she was clearly more delighted to see Lili.

"Lili, child!" she practically ran with tears at the edge of her eyes as under Lilith's surprised eyes she drew her into a motherly embrace that confounded her senses completely.

Ye Linger seemed not to notice the rigidness of the "young girl" in her arms and her maternal instincts kicked in as she caressed her glossy black hair and whispered in a choked voice, "I heard you followed Zemin to the other world and that's why you were nowhere to be found... Thank God you're well... Thank God you're safe..."

To explain Lili's absence, Shangguan Bing Xue had no choice but to make up a story that Lili jumped into the portal together with Bai Zemin deciding to follow him at the last moment. Although this was not something she wanted to do as it would raise Lilith's prestige to a new level, the options were not really many back then.

Since Bai Zemin's family knew that Lili was a soul evolver since she followed him to all the battlefields and despite not knowing what kind of skills he possessed or how strong he was, they all believed Shangguan Bing Xue's words.

Bai Zemin noticed how his beloved's pupils trembled almost imperceptibly as she slowly melted into his mother's embrace. Seeing this, he sighed in his heart and a glint of sadness shone in his eyes.

Although he tried to be as loving as possible and made sure to express his affection for her at least a few times a day whenever the situation allowed, a mother's love was irreplaceable. For Lilith who had lost everything years ago, receiving this kind of sincere affection from Ye Linger who saw her as if she were her daughter was certainly overwhelming in many ways.

After hugging Lilith for a while, Ye Linger wiped away the tears that were suspended on her long eyelashes and said with a cheerful smile, "Everyone, please wait a few minutes in the living room. Dinner will be ready soon."

Of course, it was not so easy to dismiss the girls as soon they all headed to the kitchen to help Ye Linger who had no choice but to give in to the insistence of the three women.

.

Bai Zemin glanced at Bai Shilin who was trying to strike up a conversation with Kali without much success before turning his eyes to the kitchen.

The backs of Shangguan Bing Xue, Lilith, Wu Yijun, his mother, and his younger sister working together in the kitchen somehow relaxed him and without him realizing it he couldn't help but smile in relief.

However, the relief Bai Zemin felt didn't last long when his father's voice not different to that of a demon sounded a short distance behind him.

"Leaving aside Lili who will certainly stay the night, I wonder if your mother will let these two defenseless not so defenseless young ladies go home in the middle of this cold and dangerous night."

The smile on Bai Zemin's face slowly receded as he slowly turned to look at his father who rested his back on the beam where the double door connecting the kitchen and dining room was located.

Bai Delan had both eyebrows raised, his eyes glittered, and the corner of his mouth was curved upward in an arrogant, suggestive angle that practically cried out to be punched as he said with an exaggerated sigh, "I hope tonight won't be so noisy. Just one Lili was enough to shake the house, I can't imagine what will happen if we add an even more powerful Shangguan Bing Xue and Wu Yijun to the equation."

Before Bai Zemin could say anything, Bai Delan turned around and waved his hand as he walked off to join the two little kids.

"Well, good luck with that."

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3