Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 932 Unforgettable night surrounded bybeauties (Part 3)

Dinner was brought to the table which, although considerably large for a normal-sized family, soon became a bit crowded as a total of nine people sat around it, leaving only one of the ten chairs free.

The truth was that although Ye Linger said dinner would be ready soon, it wasn't until 30 or 40 minutes later that everyone was able to sit down to taste the dishes.

This was because Ye Linger certainly did not expect so many people at home today as Bai Zemin had told her earlier that he would not be bringing many people, so Ye Linger was right in thinking that her son would only bring one person, but due to different coincidences of fate, that number grew and Ye Linger was forced to cook more.

Of course, there were no words of complaint coming out of Bai Zemin's mother's mouth, and her bright expression exposed how delighted she was with the whole situation. She didn't stop chatting with the three girls even for a second, asking them questions of all sorts ranging from clothing preferences to what they liked to do when they had free time and weren't working or leveling up.

Bai Delan was also enjoying the dinner, and when he tasted one of the dishes in particular which consisted of meat with sautéed vegetables his movements paused for a moment before he said with surprise, "This dish... Who cooked it?"

Bai Zemin and the others looked at Bai Delan thinking that the dish might not be good, but when they saw the man's bright eyes they all realized that it was actually quite the opposite.

Ye Linger looked at the dish before looking at the one who had cooked it with a proud smile, "Delan, that dish was prepared by Bing Xue. This girl is actually even better than me in the kitchen. You should have seen how skillful her movements were, practically flawless and full of elegance like that of a true professional."

"Oh..." Bai Delan looked at Shangguan Bing Xue with surprise. However, he couldn't look at her for more than a few seconds before he sensed something was wrong so he was forced to retract his eyes as he calmly said, "Quite impressive, indeed."

Despite being restrained, she was not as skilled as Lilith and Shangguan Bing Xue's charm was actually very high at this point. If a man interacted too much with her, he would probably fall prey without even knowing it. Even Bai Delan was no exception and if he was not careful he would fall into a daze, something that would later become something he would be mocked for; especially by his son Bai Zemin.

This was also the reason why Lilith did not show her true form before them and kept practically 90% of her charm sealed or else it would be a much bigger problem than just falling into a daze for a few seconds.

Dinner went on without too much trouble with Ye Linger mostly focusing on the three women whom she already considered her daughters-in-law. At this point it was as if Bai Zemin's opinion on the whole matter had long since become unimportant.

Even Kali seemed to realize what was happening. The girl gently tugged on Bai Zemin's sleeve, and when he leaned in slightly, she whispered softly, "Bullet, it looks like it will be hard for you to slip through this."

Bai Zemin was surprised, but soon a wry smile appeared on his face as he understood what she was talking about... He would have to be careful from now on more than usual.

If there was one person who didn't seem too happy it was Meng Qi, and although Ye Linger told her not to be jealous as she would always be the princess of the family next to Bai Shilin, this only served to make the girl's mood even worse to the point where she soon stopped eating while pouting.

"Ouch!"

Bai Zemin jolted as he was kicked in the shin. He looked around for the culprit, but soon found himself looking at his sister who was looking at him as if he was her enemy, causing him to not know whether to laugh or cry.

Approximately thirty minutes later, the dishes were wiped clean and this time Ye Linger became severe as she literally ordered the three women to leave the crockery for her to take care of.

... Ye Linger was only a level 18 human woman but her power seemed to be so overwhelming that not only did she have the second highest general of the entire Transcendent faction only behind Bai Zemin nodding obediently but the same applied for the woman who was basically the highest political authority, again only second to Bai Zemin. She even subjugated a Sixth Order Higher Existence!

Today, Bai Zemin learned a little more about the power of mothers. Even if they were weak, they were in fact invincible.

...

"But, mom-"

"No buts, Bai Zemin."

Bai Zemin was silenced before he could finish his words. He knew that when his mother called him by his full name it was because there was no room to negotiate or discuss options.

Ye Linger rested both hands on her hips and opened her eyes wide as she looked at her son as if disgusted and said in a reprimanding voice, "You little brat, you want to send these young ladies home at this time of night? What will happen if suddenly a giant mutant bird appears and attacks them, hm? Can you take that responsibility?"

'... If a giant mutant bird attacks Shangguan Bing Xue or Wu Yijun, then the two girls will surely be eating bird at their homes for days to come.' Of course, Bai Zemin only dared to say these words in his heart while on the surface he nodded with a defeated expression on his face.

Ye Linger nodded in satisfaction and quickly smiled as she tousled her child's hair: 'Well, Zemin. Don't make that long face as if it were the end of the world."

Bai Zemin could feel his father's gloating gaze prickling his back, and he vowed payback, 'Father, my dear father.... If only you knew what awaits you tomorrow I'm afraid you wouldn't be smiling like this.'

Bai Zemin hoped his father would sleep well tonight, because in the nights to come he might have to sleep on the couch at the best of fates or with Little Snow at the worst of fates.

Shangguan Bing Xue and Wu Yijun looked at each other a little uncomfortably when the choice of deciding what to do was taken away from them. However, the two girls knew in their hearts that this setup was not one they were really against.

It was just that there was a problem that needed to be solved first....

"This, Aunt Ye...." Wu Yijun hesitated for a moment before saying in a low voice, "I'm afraid neither I nor Bing Xue have any clothes to change and spend the night.... Therefore-"

"Don't worry about that, little Yijun." Ye Linger smiled as if it was no big deal and said calmly, "I've already thought of everything."𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

She looked at Meng Qi and Meng Qi's expression changed as she knew what was about to happen.

"Mom, no!"

"What do you mean by 'no'?" Ye Linger's expression turned serious and she soon put her hands to her waist as she looked at her daughter, daring her to say more as she tapped her foot on the ground gently again and again.

Meng Qi knew that this was her mother's 'if you say something you already know what will happen' posture. It was hard for her to find excuses, but she finally said with some embarrassment, "I- My clothes are not so.... big for them..."

"Em?" Ye Linger blinked in surprise upon hearing this and her foot movements stopped while she looked at her daughter's body carefully.

Meng Qi was undoubtedly a beauty, there was no doubt about it. It was just that she was a 17-year-old beauty who was still growing; especially in the chest area, which despite not being small at all was certainly not large.

Ye Linger looked at Shangguan Bing Xue and then at Wu Yijun and finally realized that there was a problem situation.

'... Bing Xue may be fine, even though it will be tight and uncomfortable for her.... But this Yijun girl...'' Ye Linger took a close look at the girl's bosom and immediately dismissed the idea of wearing Meng Qi's clothes on her.

Wu Yijun's bosom.... Those two treasures were even bigger than Ye Linger's who was a fully grown and mature woman forget about Meng Qi who was basically a teenager on the verge of early adulthood.

Meng Qi looked at Shangguan Bing Xue and Wu Yijun with eyes that practically sprayed flames to the dismay of the two women who did not know what to do in this kind of situation.

It was then that Ye Linger's salvation and Bai Zemin's "nightmare" spoke.

"Mother, there is no need to worry. Actually, I have some sleeping clothes in Zemin's room."

"Eh? Lili, are you sure?" Ye Linger looked at her son's partner in surprise. "I don't think I've found clothes of yours in Zemin's room before."

"Hehe, mother." Lilith stood up and walked towards the stairs as she said with a chuckle, "Just wait here for a moment, I'll get them."

Ye Linger nodded silently despite feeling confused. She had been in her son's room numerous times and made sure to keep it free of the tiniest speck of dust while waiting for his return for the past half year but she hadn't seen any women's clothes there at all.

Bai Zemin felt a bad premonition in his heart, so he joined his father in pouring himself a glass of water in order to prepare his heart. However, he had not swallowed the first sip of water when Lilith's voice sounded from the upper steps.

"There they are!"

Just like everyone else, Bai Zemin looked up to see Lilith excitedly walking down the stairs with three sleeping clothes in her outstretched arms. However, although those clothes were indeed sleepwear, they were not just ordinary sleepwear...

"PFFFFFFT!" Bai Zemin spat out the water in his mouth in jets and soon began coughing furiously.

Bai Delan suffered the exact same fate that his son did as he began coughing on the verge of death with a red face due to the lack of oxygen in his lungs as he stared at the clothes his daughter-in-law brought.

"Wh- What..." Meng Qi looked at her brother's girlfriend with her eyes as wide as headlights, specifically, she was looking at the clothes.

Even Ye Linger was taken aback when she saw Lilith step forward and hand a white silk babydoll with lace embroidery on the chest area to Shangguan Bing Xue.

"Aren't they pretty?" Lilith let out a giggle as she handed another baby doll to Wu Yijun, this one was a deep purple one and unlike the white one it was considerably more daring as it was actually semi-transparent in some areas.

She turned to look at Ye Linger as she held up a black silk baby doll with lace embroidery on the lower part. "This one is mine!"

"Wonderful!"

"What?!" Bai Zemin looked at his mother in shock but she was no longer paying attention to him at all.

Ye Linger's eyes literally sparkled and the smile on her face was so big that her white teeth were all exposed.

"Lili, dear, you really are a genius! The best!" She looked at the three baby dolls and then at the three women of which two were as dumbfounded as the rest in this room. "With these sleeping pajamas, no one will have any more problems tonight!"

Pajamas?! This was clearly lingerie, sexy lingerie! Bai Zemin almost fell to the ground when he heard the words of his mother who wasn't fooling anyone by trying to feign ignorance.

"Hehe..." Lilith smiled proudly as she looked at Bai Zemin with playful eyes. She was clearly enjoying all of this more than anyone else.

.

Bai Delan swallowed audibly as he looked at the 3 night dresses. His eyes moved in automatic mode and even he couldn't help but give them an extra glance at the three women while for the first time in his life he began to feel a bit envious of his son.

Suddenly, Bai Delan felt a chill run down his spine as a feeling of death rose over him. Bai Delan didn't have and didn't dare turn to meet the devil's gaze.

He coughed to clear his throat and turned up the stairs as he said in a wavering voice, "G- Goodnight, guys.... I- I'm a little tired ha-haha... L- Let's call it a day, mm."

Bai Delan shuddered as he heard a low snort from behind him and soon disappeared on the second floor.

Ye Linger muttered something to herself as she slowly turned her eyes, now sparkling again, back to the three beautiful women.

Then, she looked at her son and nodded in satisfaction.

Tonight, he would sleep surrounded by beauties.

Ye Linger didn't believe that something good wouldn't happen.... Who knows, nine months from now she might have three grandchildren!

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3