Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 933 Pajama Party

Bai Zemin watched as his father retreated from the battlefield and in his heart he could not help but curse him for being a deserting soldier.

However, he quickly calmed down and tried to analyze the situation he was in; Bai Zemin knew in his heart that Bai Delan, his father, had little if anything to do here so it didn't really matter if he stayed or if he left.

No... In fact, it was better if Bai Delan got the hell out of here. Bai Zemin was sure that if his father stayed any longer, not only would he be of no help but Ye Linger would soon become a widowed woman as well as the murderer of her own husband.

It was impossible to blame Bai Delan, Bai Zemin admitted this fact in his heart as he looked at the three baby dolls.

He had already seen Lilith wearing this kind of sexy clothing in the past, she was simply a bombshell in her own right capable of driving crazy even the saints. The problem was that Bai Zemin's imagination got a little out of control as he envisioned Wu Yijun's devilish body and Shangguan Bing Xue's perfectly proportioned body wearing that kind of attire.

"Cough..." He quickly regained his composure and seizing the opportunity turned up the stairs, "G- Goodnight, you all... I- I'm a little tired... L- Let's call it a day, mm."

Bai Zemin might not have noticed but the women in the living room certainly noticed a certain situation.

"Hehe, father. Those words are what grandfather said just now!"

Bai Zemin almost burst into tears when he heard Bai Shilin's voice behind him.

The innocent girl had no idea what was happening. In her bright black eyes, the world was fun and great when she was with her family, and so there could be no bad things.... Little did she know that she had actually just helped "dig" the grave of her dear father who had shared part of his deepest records with her.

"Zemin? Where are you going?" Lilith quickly moved forward taking advantage of the fact that his footsteps had stalled under Bai Shilin's sudden tackling.

She reached under the arm he was using to hold the staircase railing and stood one step up to block his path.

"... What are you doing?" Bai Zemin asked in a calm but deep voice.

"That's my question. How can you leave when the party hasn't even started yet?" Lilith pouted and stretched her arms out as if to say she wouldn't let him pass unless he knocked her down right there.

"Party?" Bai Zemin frowned and muttered under his breath.

Even though he knew that no one knew anything about any party, Bai Zemin subconsciously turned to look at his younger sister, but seeing her hastily shake her head, he looked at Shangguan Bing Xue and Wu Yijun who looked as dumbfounded as he was with everything that was going on.

"Right, party!" Ye Linger clapped her hands with sparkling eyes and looked at Lili as if she was looking at not only the best daughter-in-law in the history of existence but also her best ally, "Pajama party!"

Wu Yijun: "..."

Shangguan Bing Xue: "..."

Meng Qi: "..."

Kali: "..."

Bai Zemin: "... What?"

Bai Shilin: "Yay! Pajama party!"

After becoming the voice of silence, Bai Shilin put a finger to her mouth and turned to look at Ye Linger as she said in an innocent voice, "Grandma, what's a pajama party?"

Ye Linger stroked Bai Shilin's hair as she explained with a victorious smile on her face, "A pajama party is when several people, be it friends, family, or any other relationship, stay over for the night and have fun together chatting or playing games until late hours."

"Oh!"

Indeed, Bai Shilin's eyes shone brightly upon hearing this. She ran to Bai Zemin and hugged him tightly as she said cheerfully, "Father, can Shiin stay up late playing with you all?"

"No." Bai Zemin said in a serious voice.

"Eh~!" Bai Shilin immediately pouted and made puppy eyes as she looked at Lilith before running over to Shangguan Bing Xue and looking at her in the same manner: "Third mother, second mother, you two are always so good to Shilin! Can Shilin have a pajama party with all of you? Pretty please!"

"This..." Shangguan Bing Xue immediately found herself falling into a difficult situation.

Actually, she had planned to go discuss something regarding Bai Zemin with Wu Yijun and that was precisely the reason why she was heading to her place a few hours ago. However, upon meeting Bai Zemin's group, everything changed.

Putting aside the obvious provocation from Lilith, Shangguan Bing Xue did not feel good in her heart when she realized that everyone was going to Bai Zemin's house but apparently she was the only one who was being left out and uninvited. Therefore, she used some tactics to make the word invitation pop into everyone's mind, and by adding Bai Shilin to the mix, everything worked out perfectly.

Little did Shangguan Bing Xue expect that rather than going to Bai Zemin's house she would practically end up digging a well; a well from which in normal circumstances she could easily escape but given the situation, it was no longer so easy....

But, she really couldn't wear those kinds of clothes!

"My dear Shilin, I actually think it would be good if-"

New novels chapters are published ᴏn !

Shangguan Bing Xue's words got stuck in her chest as she saw Bai Shilin's eyes suddenly start to fill with tears while staring at her waiting for her next words.

It was then that Lilith closed the distance and hugged Bai Shilin from behind. She kissed the top of the girl's head and said in a gentle voice, "My little Shilin naturally can have her pajama party."

"... Really?" Bai Shilin raised her head and looked at her still somewhat on the verge of tears.

"Of course, really."

Seeing Lilith nod earnestly, Bai Shilin's tears practically disappeared as if they had never been there in the first place and she turned to hug her back, "Third mother is the best!"

As Shangguan Bing Xue was dumbfounded and realized that she had apparently been overtaken by her greatest rival, Lilith chuckled as she looked at her with disdain.

"... Fine."

"B- Bing Xue?!" Wu Yijun looked in shock at Shangguan Bing Xue who was slowly getting to her feet. Her eyes widened as she felt the resolve in her good sister's eyes and she whispered in disbelief, "You'll really wear that .... those clothes...?"

Despite knowing that she was walking willingly into a trap, Shangguan Bing Xue had sworn to herself to never again allow the woman in front of her to take the lead in anything; regardless of how insignificant it was.

"Isn't it just a pajama party? No need to make a fuss over such a small thing." She snorted as she looked at Ye Linger, "Auntie, can I please borrow your bathroom? I'll take a shower first."

Ye Linger's eyes flashed and she quickly pointed upstairs, "The upstairs bathroom has a bathtub. Although it's not very big it can definitely fit three or four people."

"In that case, excuse me." Shangguan Bing Xue nodded, and under the gazes of everyone present, she walked towards the stairs.

"Wa- Bing Xue, are you serious?" Bai Zemin looked at her with wide eyes and subconsciously stepped aside to let her pass when he saw the seriousness on her face.

Shangguan Bing Xue didn't even look at him, she walked up the stairs and as Ye Linger called out to her from downstairs where the bathroom was located she soon disappeared from everyone's sight.

"Mother, you..." Bai Zemin frowned as he looked at his mother and said in an unusually serious voice, "I don't like what you are doing."

Ye Linger also noticed that her son was starting to get angry. Although Bai Zemin was usually very tame and practically always listened to her, he also had a strong temper that when it got out of control even Ye Linger could not control; past events spoke for themselves when he broke his classmate's legs in high school.

Of course, Ye Linger knew that her son would never raise a hand to her. However, she didn't want him to be upset with her.

"Zemin, if Bing Xue really didn't want to do it then do you think with her personality any of us could force her?" She said with a sigh.

Bai Zemin frowned as he heard his mother's words. He knew in his heart that what she said was true. Considering Shangguan Bing Xue's firm and decisive personality, she would never do something that deep in her heart she disagreed with; especially when it came to.... showing so much skin in front of a man.

"But-"

Bai Zemin's words were interrupted when Ye Linger said in a soft voice, "Child, you will soon be going to the war even though you came back from another world not too long ago.... Zemin, even though many people in the faction treat you as someone irresponsible who disappears without a trace and delegates jobs to others, people like me know that you work harder than anyone else to keep us all safe."

Bai Zemin said nothing and let her continue as he looked at her silently.

"You are the one who works the most but since the beginning of this whole ordeal you haven't had a day off.... I think it's time for you to relax a bit before you collapse." Ye Linger sighed as she shook her head. "Bing Xue and Yijun are very good friends of yours, aren't they? Lili here is your girlfriend, Shilin is your beloved daughter, Kali is a person who followed you across worlds, and Qi'er is your little sister... What's wrong with spending a night together chatting and joking around a bit?"

... Under normal circumstances, Bai Zemin would certainly be able to immediately identify where the problem was with this situation. However, even if he was currently calm and relaxed, the skill Blood Berserker's Wrath was certainly depriving him of almost 20% of his reasoning ability; 1/5th of the total was no small part.

Sensing that there was something fishy about all this but with his mother's words smoothing things over, Bai Zemin finally nodded.

"A night to chat among friends and family."

...

The bed in Bai Zemin's room had been moved to Meng Qi's room, however, the large king-sized mattress stayed in the room and the mattress in Meng Qi's room that was the same size was moved to Bai Zemin's room.

The furniture was pushed into a corner so that a large space was left in the center, and with Meng Qi's and Bai Zemin's mattresses added to the other two large mattresses from the guest room and Bai Shilin's room, soon a kind of soft, fluffy box spring that occupied practically the entire room was built up.

Bai Zemin had showered downstairs, alone, of course. After putting on a pair of light sleeping pants and a T-shirt with short sleeves, he went to his room under the guidance of his mother.

Ye Linger did not stay long but quickly retired after wishing her son a happy good night. When she closed the door behind her, she had to restrain the urge to giggle but could not fight the big smile on her face as she headed to her room.

Bai Zemin looked at the "big bed" on the floor, there were also several blankets in case they wanted to cover themselves during the course of the night. His mother had certainly prepared everything, there were even snacks and drinks on the bedside tables that were in a corner of the wall opposite the door.

"Talk among friends... Talk among friends... Talk among friends... Talk among friends"

Bai Zemin continued to repeat the same words over and over again as he sat in the center of the large bed and waited not as quietly as he would like to be for the arrival of the other party members.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m