Chapter 935 Dark Room (Part 2)

"Using our hands to figure out who we caught..." Bai Zemin muttered to himself before clearing his throat and saying quietly, "I think that's a bit.... You girls can play by yourselves first and I'll be a spectator along with Kali."

Using your hands to figure out who you were catching? Ha! Yeah right!

Apart from Bai Zemin himself, all the other living beings in this room were females!

Blindfolded, senses limited back to those of normal human, and not using mana or skills.... It would be a miracle if in the midst of the turmoil Bai Zemin's hands didn't touch places they shouldn't touch!

No, not only Bai Zemin's hands but all the girls' hands too!

But what happened next made Bai Zemin want to cough up five liters of blood and die on the spot.

Kali, who had followed him since Eventide World and was part of the most important people to Bai Zemin, she, who was destined to stand by his side to become a formidable existence, betrayed him in the worst possible way.

"Oh, you don't need to worry about me, Bullet."

Kali's ever indifferent face suddenly turned a bit cruel and an amused smile peeked over her pallid lips as she returned the words he spoke earlier back to Bai Zemin.

"Bai Zemin, have some fun."

"You... You... You little traitor!" Bai Zemin gritted his teeth and glared at her angrily.

"Hmph." Kali snorted and said in an indifferent voice, "You get what you deserve. Karma is strong and has come for you."

As Bai Zemin gritted his teeth, Lilith looked at Kali and her eyes glistened with a hint of gratitude that no one noticed. Though she knew the girl couldn't see it, Lilith's lips curved into a complicated smile before it returned to normal.

"All right, Zemin. Don't be a chicken." She crossed her arms under her prodigious bosoms, causing them to push up even more as she said in a mocking voice, "We women aren't chickening out but you want to run away? Are you still a man?"

Bai Zemin's expression was serious as he looked at her and said in a deep voice, "Don't you know whether I am a man or not?"

"Don't be too presumptuous." Lilith rolled her eyes before looking at the other beauties inside the room and calmly said, "Do any of you want to get out of the game? Speak now or forever hold your peace."

Shangguan Bing Xue opened her mouth to say something but after seeing the serious and determined expression on Wu Yijun's still blindfolded face she choked on her own words and said nothing.

Lilith nodded seemingly satisfied: "Very well. Since it is like this then let me repeat the rules for you. If anyone breaks the rules you'll be punished so keep that in mind."

Bai Zemin didn't know whether to laugh or cry as he listened to Lilith emphasizing the rules. Now it was not only Lilith and his mother who didn't seem to pay attention to his choices but even Shangguan Bing Xue and Wu Yijun seemed to be tactically accepting everything in silence.

Damn it, even Meng Qi had an attentive expression on her face as she listened to the rules!

Finally, Bai Zemin secretly gritted his teeth and nodded to himself.

He was not a saint in any sense and had repeatedly rejected all of this out of respect for Lilith. However, she was always teasing him and pushing him again and again. Bai Zemin was tired of it and now he was determined to show her where the actions she was forcing him to do could lead to.

Besides... Bai Zemin glanced sideways at the bodies of Shangguan Bing Xue and Wu Yijun before lowering his head to look at his hands resting on his knees as he stayed seated in the lotus position.

Bai Zemin considered himself a devoted man... but if his partner fooled around with him by pushing him in like that... then letting go a little wouldn't hurt anyone, would it? It wasn't like he was going to purposely touch them like a pervert, but accidents could happen... especially when the eyes couldn't see.

"Alright, let's start playing!"

Lilith clapped her hands once more with a happy smile and this was the signal for Bai Zemin to stand up.

Lilith chuckled when she saw the change in his attitude and nodded in satisfaction, "That's how it should be!"

She looked at Wu Yijun who was blindfolded and with her hands on her shoulders asked with a faint smile, "Little Sister Yijun, are you ready?"

"Ready." Wu Yijun nodded.

"Hehe, in that case..." Lilith took a step back and with her hands on the side of Wu Yijun's body started to put some strength, "Here we go!"

Under the watchful eyes of Bai Zemin, Shangguan Bing Xue, Meng Qi, and Bai Shilin, Wu Yijun's body began to spin rapidly and about a minute later it wasn't hard for them to notice that the girl's feet were beginning to waver as a sign that she was starting to get dizzy.

"Start!"

Lilith had barely said the word start when after a last turn she quickly retreated and took advantage of Wu Yijun's moment of instability to look for a place for herself.

Bai Zemin and the others did not stand still either as they quickly began to move around the room in search of a hiding place.... Although it wasn't as if there were really many places to hide.

But even so, thanks to the fact that Wu Yijun was blindfolded and the light had been turned off, as well as the fact that everyone was limiting their senses to those of a normal person, anywhere could be a good hiding place; even standing in the middle of the room.

Bai Zemin could barely make out Wu Yijun's silhouette in the darkness. As he squatted in a corner right next to the bedside table, he followed the girl's figure for a few seconds. Soon, however, something happened that not only he did not expect but that no one saw coming.

A shadow shot out from a corner like a panther towards Wu Yijun, who due to the sudden movement of the mattresses lost her balance slightly.

Wu Yijun quickly turned around and thanks to her sense of hearing had no trouble identifying where the raider was coming from. She opened her arms wide and a moment later slammed them closed in a bear hug with the intention of catching whoever was nearby.

However, this shadow was fast and just before being caught, she ducked as she passed beyond Wu Yijun. Moments later, Lilith's chuckle sounded along with a slapping sound echoing in the room.

"Ah!" Wu Yijun jumped in surprise when she was slapped on the butt and as a reflex action, she quickly turned around stretching her left hand backwards with the intention of catching the culprit.

Lilith felt Wu Yijun's hand brushing against her back and as she walked away she said in an amused voice, "That was close hehe!"

Although it was obvious that Lilith had slapped Wu Yijun, since the latter had failed to catch her she had to continue playing her role as the blindfold.

As for where that slap had gone... Bai Zemin was pretty sure that if the light was turned on now and Wu Yijun took off the baby doll, everyone would be able to see Lilith's palm mark on her backside.

Lilith was not the only one who lunged at Wu Yijun and made things difficult for her. Bai Shilin was not slow to join in the fun as the girl jumped out from under the wardrobe and poked Wu Yijun's side making her scream in surprise at the tickle she felt.

After about two or three minutes, everyone, including Bai Zemin, had gotten into the game so much that even they hadn't noticed.

That feeling of almost being caught when Wu Yijun's hands brushed against their bodies or managed to catch them for an instant but they managed to break free by luck was really mind-blowing. Bai Zemin almost got caught on more than one occasion when he jumped to gently but suddenly push the girl's body.

After a while, Bai Zemin's vision had become accustomed to the darkness and so he was now able to see much better. He noticed Wu Yijun advancing carefully in his direction with both arms constantly moving forward and sideways in a desperate attempt to catch or strike gold.

Crouching in a corner, Bai Zemin held his breath and didn't even dare to blink when Wu Yijun stopped right in front of him. There was no way he could get out of here since behind him was the wall, next to him was a wall, and on the other side was one of the two bedside tables. With Wu Yijun blocking the way ahead, there was simply no place for him to flee.

He looked around for something when he suddenly noticed a T-shirt lying under the bedside table. He moved very slowly and without making the slightest sound picked up the shirt before scrunching it into a ball.

Wu Yijun paused for a few seconds and put all her focus on her hearing. Without being able to count on her eyes, all she could do as she walked blindly was try to detect the presence of others using what she could as a normal person.

It was just at that moment when she felt a gust of wind pass right in front of her face but though she reacted immediately all she caught was air as she held out her hands in that direction, and only an instant later, the sound of something being hit rang out inside the silent room.

"Ah!"

Wu Yijun didn't know why that person was screaming but she didn't stop to think about it either. ᴜᴘᴅᴀᴛᴇ ꜰʀᴏᴍ ꜰʀᴇᴇᴡᴇʙɴᴏᴠᴇʟ. ᴄoᴍ.

Meng Qi was hiding in a comfortable position against the wall and surrounded by blankets that made it difficult for the blindfolded person to find her. However, she didn't know who was the bastard that had thrown a t-shirt that caught her unawares and hit her face making her scream in surprise.

Realizing her mistake, Meng Qi quickly stood up and prepared to run away but her feet became entangled in the blankets and these large pieces of cloth that should have been her defense became her undoing.

Meng Qi fell heavily onto one of the mattresses and before she could get back to her feet and run she felt two long arms encircling her with a strength she would not be able to run away from.

"Meng Qi, it's you!"

The blindfolded person had to be very careful when they called out the name of the person they caught. This was because if they failed they would have to continue the game, resuming the round of dizziness.

Hearing Wu Yijun's voice, Bai Shilin who was closest to the light switch ran over and turned it on as she watched with an enthusiastic smile the scene of blindfolded Wu Yijun trapping her aunt in a tight bear hug.

"Hahaha! Auntie Meng Qi, you lose!"

Wu Yijun sighed in relief and took off her blindfold. She narrowed her eyes slightly at the sudden annoyance of the enlightenment but the smile of joy on her face was evident to all.

Meng Qi's expression was dark as she looked at everyone and said through gritted teeth, "Who was the little wretch that threw that thing?!"

They all followed the spot Meng Qi was pointing to and there they saw a red-colored shirt all crumpled up. It didn't take them long to figure out what had happened and this time even Shangguan Bing Xue couldn't help but laugh a little.

Meng Qi snorted and was soon blindfolded by Wu Yijun who was finally free from her duty as a blindfold.

Of course, Bai Zemin did not step forward to admit the guilt of his actions but stood back feigning ignorance and looking at the others as if he was looking for the person who threw that T-shirt.

Ha! what a joke! If he were to step forward now and admit that he had been the cause of why she fell and got caught Meng Qi would definitely find some method to take revenge in the future!CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3