Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 936 Dark Room* (Part 3)

Meng Qi had it relatively easier than Wu Yijun. She managed to catch Bai Shilin when the girl fell on her belly after suffering the same fate as Meng Qi had suffered; getting entangled in the blankets.

Bai Shilin was naturally not happy with this outcome but the rules could not be ignored or else the game would not be fun. Soon, the girl found herself blindfolded, and not much later her body was spinning in the center of the room under Meng Qi's hands.

Lilith had barely turned off the light and ran when Meng Qi immediately and gently pushed Bai Shilin in the opposite direction she ran towards.

Bai Zemin's expression changed when he saw Bai Shilin running towards him with staggering but speedy steps. He quickly ran off to the other side and in the process naturally ended up revealing other people who were hiding, which caused them to curse him for a while. However, none of this mattered to Bai Zemin.

When he looked back and saw Bai Shilin following him closely with outstretched arms and open hands, he couldn't help but exclaim loudly, "Shilin, you're seeing aren't you!"

"Shilin can't see anything, father!"

"Lies!"

"Shilin is not lying!"

Bai Zemin shouted angrily when after making an abrupt turn he was followed by Bai Shilin with a maneuver that was impossible for a normal human to do...

Normal human? Holy shit! Bai Zemin soon realized the mistake they had made.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Lilith had said to limit their senses to those of a normal human, but most of Bai Shilin's records were from a weaver ant! Even if she was limiting herself to the maximum it was obvious that she would always be much more capable than a normal human in this kind of situation!

Bai Zemin gritted his teeth and ran for his life but his expression changed when he saw a slender leg stretching out from the blind spot of the closet. Because everyone could only see what was ahead of them no more than two or three meters at most and because of how fast Bai Zemin was running, by the time he realized what was happening it was already too late.

He fell to the mattress on his mouth and bounced several times but quickly reacted with the intention of getting to his feet. However, Bai Shilin jumped like a cougar and before Bai Zemin could take the first step his body staggered forward with the girl's body clinging to him like an octopus.

"Father!"

Bai Shilin's voice had barely fallen when the lights flashed on.

"Hehe, Daddy Zemin, looks like you got busted~" Lilith said as she stepped out from the side of the closet.

"You... Little minx...." Bai Zemin gritted his teeth and vowed revenge, "You just wait and see!"

"Hahaha! Shilin won!" Bai Shilin pulled off the blindfold with one pull and began to dance with enthusiasm as if she had just hit the lottery jackpot.

Bai Zemin didn't know whether to laugh or cry as he bent down on one knee and let his daughter blindfold him. However, what almost made him spit blood and die was what Bai Shilin said to him just before pushing him away and running.

"Father, remember that you can't cheat just because you lost!"

Despite knowing he was being childish, Bai Zemin had really gotten into the game and was really having fun in a way he hadn't had in not months but years. The lights were turned off but he didn't care as he quickly kicked one of the mattresses and almost fell off when he flew off in the direction that Bai Shilin had fled just a moment before.

"Ah!" Bai Shilin let out a high-pitched scream followed by several chuckles as she quickly ran around with Bai Zemin following close behind.

When she looked back and saw his hands extended towards her with his fingers opening and closing similar to the claws of a monster, the successor of the former queen of the weaver ants couldn't help but scream again this time a little desperate in the midst of the fun as she ran with everything she had.

Due to Bai Zemin's swift reaction, none of the girls in the room had time to hide and therefore the level of chaos this time was a lot higher than before. Everyone ran scared with screams and laughter as Bai Zemin brushed past several of them during his chase.

The giant bed of mattresses shook and the springs showed their power, causing some of the girls to fall after getting tangled or stepping wrong.

Bai Zemin didn't have much luck either as a bad bounce sent him straight to the floor. He cursed under his breath and stood up, but soon he realized that Bai Shilin happened to be just in front of him.

"Ha, you little brat!" Bai Zemin leaped forward with his arms wide open and hugged tightly as he said in a victorious voice, "Gotcha!"

The large bed of mattresses bounced a little more as the rest found a hiding place, and after a few moments of silence, from the corner opposite the one Bai Zemin was in, Lilith reminded him, "Zemin, you have to say the name of the person you caught."

However, even after several seconds of silence, the room stayed quiet and Bai Zemin did not say the name of anyone.

This was because Bai Zemin had made a mistake... a big mistake.

Bai Shilin was small...she would probably only reach below his chest and barely above his stomach at most. However, even though the person Bai Zemin had caught was small, the head of this person stopped just below his chin.

She was definitely an adult female... At the very least, she was definitely not a small child.

If this was all then it wouldn't be a big deal, but the problem was that when Bai Zemin locked his arms around this person... Let's just say that their current position wasn't a very good one.

His arms were locked in a cross shape in front of this person's body, his wide open hands stopped around the height where Bai Shilin's eyes would meet... But since this girl was not Bai Shilin, Bai Zemin's hands ended up catching two large objects which his brain immediately identified as the breasts of the woman who had ended up in his arms embrace.

Subconsciously, Bai Zemin's hands squeezed tightly enough to feel them completely.

"Mm..."

This person made a low sound that probably only the two of them could hear thanks to her biting her lips.

In addition, Bai Zemin took a deep breath as whoever the girl in his arms was moved her slender waist back at the same time as she stood on her tiptoes probably as a result of being surprised when he squeezed her boobs... All this resulted in her pressing her soft, spongy butt all over Bai Zemin's crotch, which while covered by a pair of sleep pants, the thin fabric did little to stop him from feeling its softness.

Both he and the girl froze for what seemed like an eternity. She was probably nervous and confused as she was still on her tiptoes, which meant that soldier Zemin was properly sandwiched in the middle of paradise even if it wasn't directly.

Feeling with his fingers the skin even softer than the silk he touched in his palm, Bai Zemin immediately knew who the woman in his claws was.

Meng Qi was wearing two-piece pajamas and the top was properly buttoned. She was out of the question. ᴛʜɪs ᴄʜᴀᴘᴛᴇʀ ɪs ᴜᴘᴅᴀᴛᴇ ʙʏ ꜰʀᴇᴇᴡᴇʙɴ(ᴏ)ᴠᴇʟ. ᴄᴏᴍ.

Lilith's baby doll had the same cleavage as the woman Bai Zemin was embracing but Lilith's breasts were larger and the feeling her skin gave off was slightly different.

Wu Yijun's baby doll was high cleavage but the front was fully covered. In addition, her breasts were about as big as Lilith's so she was also completely out of the question.

It wasn't Bai Shilin... It wasn't Lilith... It was not Meng Qi... It was not Wu Yijun...

Bai Zemin almost burst into tears.

Of all women in the room, he had the bad luck to grab the battering ram! Worst of all was that the Jonny between his legs had woken up and was currently poking her from behind!

Bai Zemin felt his face being caressed by a few strands of silky hair and the smell of jasmine flooded his nostrils as he heard the girl's mosquito-like voice in his embrace.

"You bastard, do you want me to freeze you to death?!"

"... You're cheating, you stopped limiting yourself to speak in a voice that only we can speak." Bai Zemin whispered using the same tone of voice as her in an attempt to change the issue a bit.

Shangguan Bing Xue could feel a rock-hard object now pulsing on her back. Worst of all was that when she stopped standing on her fingertips, the baby doll she was wearing which was very short got caught on that object and had now lifted up exposing her lower body.

Even if she had never seen one she certainly knew what that long hard object was! One didn't need to eat a pig to know what a pig was!

"L- Let go of me..." She whispered softly as her heart beat furiously in her chest.

She was a little surprised by the sudden turn of events. She also felt a little scared as she felt that beast that resembled an out-of-control raging dragon slamming into her back repeatedly as if it were a hot iron pipe slamming against a door.

However, in the midst of surprise and apprehension, far from there being anger what Shangguan Bing Xue felt was a strange emotion that she had never felt before. Putting aside the uneasiness she felt in her core of a woman, she couldn't help but feel that she was betraying her good friend but the worst part of it all was that she kind of liked that emotion!

With this realization hitting her, Shangguan Bing Xue began to go into a real panic and started struggling a bit without wanting to draw the attention of the other people in the room.

"Ugh..." Bai Zemin growled softly as he felt his manhood being moved from side to side. He squeezed the girl's breasts and said in a low but serious voice, "Don't move disobediently!"

Shangguan Bing Xue jumped back in surprise and quickly gritted her teeth, suppressing a shameful moan and turning it into a weak grunt.

"I- I'll kill you!"

"Mm?"

Hearing the obviously empty threat but still a threat from Shangguan Bing Xue, Bai Zemin frowned and squeezed his hands again as he pushed his palms inward, which resulted not only in her body being pressed closer to his but also resulted in him feeling two small but hard bumps barely covered by the silk of the baby doll.

Shangguan Bing Xue gasped, and as she turned her face slightly to look at him, she said under her breath, "You.... Do you have any idea what you are doing?"

Shangguan Bing Xue's heart was beating a thousand beats a second as she felt the heavy, firm hands of the man rising up behind her like a mountain pressing down on her breasts. She knew this could happen ever since she took the first step into this room and heard the game they would be playing, but even then, she still didn't say no!

Bai Zemin did not respond immediately but neither did he release the woman in his embrace. If he wasn't under the effect of the skill Blood Berserker's Wrath then he might not dare to this much, but with 20% of his intelligence out plus Lilith's constant teasing and pushing things were different.

As for whether he would regret it when he came to his senses... Bai Zemin did not know and was not in a position to think that far ahead. All he knew was that strange as it seemed the anger he felt in his heart seemed to be almost completely suppressed when the sweet scent and soft touch of the woman in his arms aroused the lust in his heart, therefore, he was a little unwilling to part with this rare moment of mental calm.

Bai Zemin fell into a dilemma... Should he let her go or enjoy this beautiful feeling a little more?

It wasn't as if Shangguan Bing Xue was putting up any resistance at all anyway which meant that she clearly wasn't too much against it.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3