Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 942 Massacre and Rivers of Blood(Part 1)

Bai Zemin did not wake up until after a full 8 hours of sleep during which he slept without interruption. Moreover, thanks to the treasure bed he obtained in the Eventide World dungeon, those 8 hours had the same effect as sleeping 16 hours so when Bai Zemin opened his eyes he felt so fueled up that he could fight another 300 rounds.

Lilith was already awake when he opened his eyes, looking at him with a smile that stole his heart again.

"Good day, Mr. Sleepyhead."

"Good day, my little succubus."

...FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

As Bai Zemin left the Collector's Pocket World, the pilot shouted from the cockpit that it was about 30 minutes to the base.

As he sat back down, Bai Zemin couldn't help but feel a little weird as he looked at Bai Shilin and the other people in the helicopter.

Perhaps realizing that something was not right with Bai Zemin's gaze, Kang Lan frowned slightly and asked in a low voice, "Leader, is everything all right?"

Bai Zemin nodded slowly and after a few seconds said calmly, "Everything is all right, don't worry."

The reason he felt a little weird was because while everyone had lived almost 5 hours, for Bai Zemin it had been almost 50, about two days. However, the feeling was only short-lived and he soon ignored it turning his focus back to what was to come.

Exactly 25 minutes later, Bai Zemin managed to spot a human base with huge wooden walls lined with what appeared to be shimmering stones with some reflective capacity against magic attacks.

"Leader, this is the only base our Transcendent faction has in all of Inner Mongolia." Kang Lan exploded in a serious voice as she looked out coldly, "Because this is not our territory and the enemy is too overwhelming, splitting up to expand our territory was never an option... In fact, even maintaining this base is very challenging, and if not for the constant supplies that the base in the north of Changping District provides on a weekly schedule this base could not have been kept on its feet."

Bai Zemin nodded. He had earlier read the report Wu Yijun's mother had prepared, therefore, he had knowledge of the situation in this part of the country.

However...

"That is about to change."

Bai Zemin stood up and opened the sliding door of the helicopter, allowing the fierce winds to blow strongly causing his hair and cloak to flap wildly as he looked down indifferently.

"My Lord?"

"Bai Zemin, where are you going?"

Qin Ming and Zhong De's mother quickly asked loudly while squinting their eyes due to the wind hitting their faces.

"Kang Lan, focus on healing Cai Jingyi and Shen Mei. Evangeline, mark on a map all the important areas you know of in Russia, including military bases, satellite, nuclear, factories, granaries, and anything else you can think of." Bai Zemin ordered in a deep voice.

"Within a maximum of two days, Cai Jingyi and Shen Mei will be back on the battlefield no matter how badly they are injured." Kang Lan stated, and when she saw Bai Zemin looking over his shoulder at her she couldn't help but smile with some pride, "Leader, none of us had been fooling around during this half a year that you were not present... I believe we won't let you down."

"... I see. I look forward to it." Bai Zemin nodded before looking at Evangeline.

"Leave it to me." She nodded calmly.

Given her past, Evangeline naturally had knowledge of a lot of sensitive information. With her, taking down any Russian resistance would be far easier in the near future.

"Father!" Bai Shilin jumped to her feet and approached him. She clutched his cloak and said with excitement, "Father, you're going to wipe out the bad guys? Let Shilin go with you, yes? Pretty please~"

Bai Zemin looked at her for a moment before nodding, "All right. Shilin can come along with Father."

He was curious about how much his daughter had grown too.

"Yey!" The girl's eyes sparkled and she didn't hide her excitement at all.

Bai Zemin looked at Kali and asked, "Powder, do you want to come?"

Kali shook her head and slowly said, "I'll join you later."

"I see. I'll leave your chair here for you then." Bai Zemin nodded toward the people in the helicopter and without delay jumped down with Bai Shilin in his arms.

However, the two did not fall more than a few meters when Bai Zemin's feet stepped on an invisible step, and under the shocked eyes of the helicopter pilot he soon began to run across the sky as if he was stepping on solid ground.

"This..."

Watching Bai Zemin disappearing into the distant horizon, Qin Ming and Lan Xiang gasped.

Kang Lan and Evangeline were both better since they had both seen Shangguan Bing Xue do the same thing before in the past. Although the two did not understand how the trick worked it was clear that it depended on the Strength stat, and since one of them was a mage focused on Magic and Mana while the other was an assassin focused on Agility and Stamina, they could not replicate such a thing.

Bai Zemin had been running through the sky for about five kilometers when Bai Shilin's voice startled him.

"Woah! As expected from Father, you too can run through the sky just like Shilin!"

"What?" Bai Zemin looked at her in shock and subconsciously slowed down, "Shilin, you can do it too?"

"Mm!" She nodded and wriggled a little to get loose from Bai Zemin's embrace.

He let her go since this kind of fall wouldn't hurt her not to mention that he could easily catch her again, but to his surprise, Bai Shilin didn't fall but stopped standing next to him.

"This..."

He could faintly see the air around Bai Shilin trembling, especially under her feet.

"Although Shilin can do it, Uncle Kong Jun is much better." Bai Shilin said sadly. "Shilin can only be in the sky for fifteen minutes before she gets tired and has to go to sleep."

Moving the muscles of the body like vibrators at high speeds for long periods of time using every Strength point to affect the pressure of the surroundings was certainly exhausting. Even Bai Zemin could not sustain himself for more than an hour before exhausting most of his Stamina.

However, what surprised him was that Bai Shilin could do it!

"Shilin... Can you tell Father how many Strength points you have?" he asked with a silent gulp.

"Mmmmm..." Bai Shilin paused and her eyes moved for a few seconds before she said with a bright smile, "Shilin has 2452 Strength points!"

Bai Zemin staggered and almost fell from the sky when he heard this.

2452 Strength points? For the love of Jesus Christ!

Even he who was under the effect of two triggers of his Blood Berserker's Wrath skill had only a little over 3500 Strength points!

However, after thinking it through he realized that it was just natural.

Bai Shilin was the future queen of the weaver ants, in her body were the records of the last queen who was the most powerful of all the weaver ants whose natural Strength was terrifying by nature. Moreover, Bai Shilin was not stagnant so she was absorbing Soul Power and gaining stats continuously, surpassing level 80 long ago. Not to mention that she also possessed records of him.

Bai Shilin was, without a doubt, an anomaly.

If Bai Shilin was not Bai Zemin's daughter and had not joined the human camp, probably no one on Earth would be able to control her in a couple of years. She would undoubtedly be the absolute ruler of all life on the mainland.

It was only now that Bai Zemin realized how fortunate he and his team had been back in the ancient ruins in the Five Silver Pagodas. Had it not been for the former queen Shi Lin, Kong Jun would have attacked them... and the Bai Zemin of that time certainly could not have defeated him unless he dropped a Crimson Blood Judgment on himself in the midst of combat, which would end up resulting in the death of both of them.

This was also proof that despite being on the same level, Bai Zemin's strength had never stopped growing.

"Ah, Uncle Kong Jun!"

Bai Zemin blinked in surprise at Bai Shilin's cheerful call, and when he looked towards the ground in a southerly direction he saw a figure covered in a large black cloak rushing towards them at thunderous speeds and destroying everything in his path.

Bai Zemin hugged Bai Shilin again and let himself fall from the sky, making a large crater after a loud explosion when his feet struck the ground.

Kong Jun rushed over, closing the distance in an instant and raising a large cloud of dust as his feet slid across the ground.

He first knelt before Bai Shilin and his deep, serious, and somewhat robotic voice rang out from beneath the large cloak: "Princess Bai Shilin."

"Hehe, Uncle Kong Jun. I see you still like to cover yourself with that big cloak of yours." Bai Shilin smiled sweetly in response.

She naturally knew that Kong Jun was a humanoid ant and had seen his appearance. But the girl was too pure and innocent to know that a big problem could arise among the humans as they would be frightened if they saw such a monster walking among them.

"Good job keeping the base on its feet, Kong Jun." Bai Zemin said.

The real reason why the human base in Inner Mongolia was never taken down was the existence of Kong Jun acting as a guardian. Everyone, regardless of their numbers or strength, were crushed and turned into meat pulp when they approached the walls.

Kong Jun was known as a hero by everyone in the Transcendent faction even though only a handful had seen his appearance and knew his true identity.

"Lord Bai Zemin, it's good to see you unharmed." Kong Jun slowly stood up and slowly said in a slightly breathy voice, "The princess missed you, often mentioning you."

Bai Zemin nodded, noticing that Kong Jun seemed to have become a lot more used to speaking. He was no longer having as much trouble as before.

"Kong Jun, do you want to join us?" he asked suddenly.

However, Kong Jun shook his head and said in a deep voice, "From the east sea there occasionally appear sea beasts that attack the base. Although Miss Xiao Xiao has her own soldiers, I'd better stay behind just in case."

It was only then that Bai Zemin remembered Fu Xuefeng's words saying that the sea race had become involved in the war. However, there was something that puzzled him.

Miss Xiao Xiao Xiao? Was she the same Xiao Xiao he knew? The little pink dolphin?

'Looks like I will really have a surprise when I see Xiao Xiao. If she stepped into the Third Order then not only must she have become a lot stronger but she must have also acquired her Body Transformation skill.' Bai Zemin could not help but smile gently in his heart as he remembered the little dolphin who always loved to be in his arms as a baby.

In the end, Kong Jun did not join Bai Zemin and Bai Shilin but returned to the base as the duo turned into a gust of wind in a northeasterly direction.

According to the documents Sun Ling had prepared for him, about 400 kilometers distant from his faction's base was the first major enemy base. This base had been erected by goblins, and apparently not only had millions of soldiers among which there was no lack of powerful soul evolvers but also had great defenses capable of shooting down human combat helicopters with ease and only fighter planes were able to pass through thanks to their great speed.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3