Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 943 Massacre and Rivers of Blood(Part 2)

The goblin base under the name of Mother Fortress was the largest and most massive base of the goblin race in the northern part of the Asian continent. This base was so large that its size was comparable to the entire Changping District of Beijing City.

With over 10,000,000 goblins among which all of them were fierce and savage soldiers, attacking this base was out of the question for all races except for the few straggling zombies that were not yet under the leadership of a zombie commander or zombie general.

Whoever was the leader of the goblin race on this side of the world was certainly intelligent, this could be seen by the fact that the over 300-meter high walls were made not of tree trunks but of giant stones. How long had it taken the goblins to move those boulders? Only they knew but it was definitely a work of many months of effort.

The gate was the only visible wooden construction, and it was large enough for a 100-meter-tall mutant beast to pass through standing upright. On top of the walls were magic cannons with nozzles over 10 meters in diameter each that glowed with faint blue light and purple sparks crackling on the surface occasionally.

In the sky, a total of five airships, each about 100 meters long, hovered over the surroundings. Each gate had at least one airship serving as an eagle eye high in the clouds; enemies would be seen even before they could see the gate of the Mother Fortress.

Of course, apart from the airships whose power was not small at all, there was also a large army of over 50,000 goblins carrying all kinds of weapons camping 1000 meters from the south gate.

In one of the airships flying over the area, a Second Order goblin in charge of leading this guard squadron was looking off into the distance with a carefree expression on his face in search of enemies.

"Lord Blakz, how long will we have to put up with the humans? This is our territory!" A First Order goblin said through gritted teeth as he glared at the control buttons in front of him with hatred. "They are physically weak, their infants are just useless burdens, they fear death, their numbers are small, they have no sense of unity, mentally unstable... What right do they have to set foot on our lands?!"

Another First Order goblin nodded, "I don't understand why His Majesty tolerates them. Not only did we join with a human faction that we could crush at will, but we can't expand southward! What is this all about? It makes no sense!"

The Second Order goblin named Blakz opened his fanged mouth and said in a hard voice, "His Majesty naturally has his reasons. Our goblin race just needs time and by the time our numbers grow to absolute... Hmph, those humans will pay for their arrogance."

"Human females are really good!"

"The only good thing about humans!"

"Hah! This useless alliance at least provides us with several female beauties kakaka!"

"Let them be arrogant a little longer and they'll be our slaves before they know it!"

The goblin race was a cruel and bloodthirsty race with little control. Even for the leaders it was not easy to command the weaker goblins as they often got out of hand and had to kill hundreds to warn the rest.

Blakz didn't seem to mind if the soldiers under his command caused a little noise in the airship. In his eyes, all this made no sense whatsoever as it was impossible for the enemy humans located to the south to attack the strongest base of the goblin race with millions of soldiers and whose defense was basically impenetrable.

Just as such thoughts were going through Balkz's head, the mighty Second Order goblin's pupils contracted to the size of a needle when he saw a silhouette appearing out of nowhere standing right at the front of the airship.

"Shi-"

BOOOOOOOOM!!!

The goblins on the walls and nearby were shocked while those inside the city watched with eyes filled with horror as one of the airships turned into a fireball and plummeted straight towards the base.

Swoosh!

From the cloud of smoke and fire, Blakz flew backwards with medium-grade wounds and blood pouring from his body.

"Sucker!"

He was the only survivor, all the other goblins inside the airship had died in the explosion and had it not been for his higher body as a Second Order soul evolver he would have been no exception.

All of Blakz's hatred and anger were only there for a moment as the next instant he felt an overwhelming amount of pain that took his breath away.

Blakz's scream of pain extended over 1000 meters as his body swelled like a balloon in an irregular fashion. Arms, legs, torso, fingers, head; everything about him swelled to bestial proportions before the inevitable happened.

Boom!!!

Broken skin mixed with hot blood and chunks of flesh flew everywhere, raining down from the clouds and signaling the beginning of the end.

"E-Enemy attack!"

The goblins immediately went into frenzy mode as the full-throated roar of one of the commanders standing at the top of the south wall spread far and wide in warning that everyone already knew.

This same goblin was a Second Order soul evolver and could feel great pressure from the human soul evolver enveloped by a halo of golden light slowly gliding across the sky after smashing an airship and killing dozens of First Order goblins along with a Second Order goblin.

Bai Zemin watched indifferently as the goblin who had shouted earlier took a step forward and pulled the string of a large purple-colored bow pointing in his direction before he looked down at the large goblin army below.

"Die. All of you."

As his voice spread across the length and breadth of the battlefield, his words charged with magic power and mana vibrated within the bodies of the dozens of goblins causing many of them to feel their blood begin to unnaturally overheat.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

One after another, dozens of goblins began to explode per second but in just a matter of blinks of an eye, those dozens became hundreds of goblins exploding one after another or at the same time, and in just an instant, the brown earth was stained with the goblins' purple-green blood.

"Sky Shatterer!"

Boom!!!

Bai Zemin heard the roar of the Second Order goblin and upon sensing a bit of danger he activated Gravity Manipulation in conjunction with Blood Manipulation at the same time as he extended his right hand outward.

BOOOOM!!!

Yellow flames covered part of the sky and Bai Zemin's figure disappeared as the Second Order goblin's arrow-like skill enveloped him.

The Second Order goblin had barely let out a sigh of relief when a voice so cold that it sent chills to him rang out from the clouds.

"You dare call that trash attack Sky Shatterer?"

"What?!"

The Second Order goblin felt shocked as he saw two glowing red eyes like lanterns watching him from within the yellow flames that soon faded away, revealing the human from before standing on a giant crimson shield and still enveloped by that strange halo of golden light.

"How dare you attack Shilin's Father!"

A sweet but at the same time furious little voice sounded from above and as the Second Order goblin raised his head his pupils contracted to the size of needles while he watched helplessly as the small fist surrounded by a white gauntlet of the fairy-like girl struck in his direction.

BOOOOOOM!!!

The Second Order goblin's body exploded into millions of tiny pieces as Bai Shilin proudly towered over the trembling stone wall.

"Shilin, remember not to destroy the cannons. Father has use for those." Bai Zemin said as he looked at the cannons casually.

"Okaaay!" Bai Shilin nodded and her usually sweet and lovely face suddenly became extremely fierce: "All the bad guys need to die!"

The goblins on top of the wall rushed at her, but Bai Shilin was simply too fast. Making use of not only her Agility stat but also her terrifying Strength, she was like a ghost and every time she stomped the ground beneath her feet she magically appeared in front of a goblin before that goblin's head exploded in a bloody mess.

"Kill her!"

"Beautiful human woman-!"

"Catch her and just-!"

...

The lust of the goblins was certainly terrifying and Bai Shilin's beauty colossally high despite being so young.

Even as their companions were dying right before them, the goblins could not contain their lower bodies before their heads exploded.

"Human bitch!"

"Givekt, let's kill her together!"

Two Second Order goblins who were in charge of protecting the first magic cannon rushed forward at the same time upon seeing the disaster Bai Shilin was causing. They were the only ones who could somehow keep up with her and were not overwhelmed by the human girl's speed after all!

Seeing the sword and spear of the two enemies slashing towards her, Bai Shilin not only did not retreat but delightedly welcomed them by punching her two small fists forward.

"All enemies of my Father have to die!"

The air shattered and the atmosphere trembled as Bai Shilin's two fists advanced. By the time the two Second Order goblins realized the danger they were facing, it was too late to retract their weapons so they could only put more power into their weapons as well as more Mana into their active skills.

BOOOOOM!!! BOOOOOM!!!

Two equally terrifying explosions swept through the surroundings at almost the same time. The sky rumbled and part of the wall shook so hard that some giant boulders broke off and fell freely towards the ground as the two shockwaves clashed in the center causing a disaster that turned dozens of nearby goblins into a bloody mist.

"Hahahaha!"

Bai Shilin laughed happily as she backed up a couple of steps after being hit by the shockwave of her own attack. Her black eyes sparkled with battle lust and bloodlust as she felt her Soul Power grow at astonishing speeds.

She quickly reached over to the magic cannon and pulled out the Third Order Soul Stone that fueled its power before lunging forward, resuming her slaughter on the south wall with great pleasure.

"It seems that Shilin is a bit wild when it comes to fighting enemies... Oh well, as long as she doesn't forget to take the Soul Stones from the cannons everything will be fine." Bai Zemin muttered as he stood in the sky.

On the ground, the army of about 50,000 goblins had disappeared and blood now flowed like a great river moving among the rocks with every shaking of the ground.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"Now..."

He watched as the four goblin airships surrounded him and the magic cannons lit up with a calm expression on his face.

Although even he couldn't take those shots head-on since two were enough to wound him, three to severely wound him, and four enough to leave him on the verge of death; this was all in the hypothetical case of his body being hit.

'I'd better take care of this so I can play with the three goblins heading this way from the center of the base.' Bai Zemin scoffed as his eyes met those of one of the commanders through the airship glass.

Bai Shilin could take care of the Unclassified, First Order, and Second Order goblins with complete ease. It took a Third Order goblin above level 120 to give her problems, the only thing Bai Zemin feared was that the airships or magic cannons would target her, and precisely for that reason he sent her to the base wall. At the end of the day, Bai Shilin was just a young girl who had just been born about 7 months ago without much combat experience not to mention cunning.

The magic cannons could not target the walls for obvious reasons and he would be in charge of the airships.

Bai Zemin was treating the Mother Fortress, the most powerful fortress of the goblin race in northern Asia, as a training ground for his daughter; if his subordinates learned of this fact they would probably be shocked beyond words considering that they could only dream of destroying the enemy fortress unless the main leaders attacked all together at the same time.

As for him... he would only kill the Third Order.

"9 Third Order soul evolvers left to complete the 100 of my advancement to the next stage."

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3