Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 944 Overwhelming and terrifying magicpower: Total dominance

Bai Zemin did not bother to stop the charge of the airship cannons.

He wanted to see how powerful these weapons forged by the goblin race were since his own faction had such cannons on the walls of some bases but they had yet to be fired even once; they were in reserve for when a Third Order enemy appeared, after all, one could not waste the energy of a valuable Third Order Soul Stone on minor creatures.

After all, these airships were slightly different from the airships he and Shangguan Bing Xue had faced months ago during the war against the goblin race that lasted for days without end.

BOOM!!! BOOM!!!! BOOM!!!! BOOM!!!!

Two or three seconds after the airships charged their energy beams, four simultaneous explosions shook the sky and Bai Zemin's eyes flashed as bright blue energy beams with purple flashing edges were captured in his pupils.

Rumble...!!!

The sky rumbled and the air in the area heated up in seconds as the four energy beams collided at the same time against four blood-red shields. The four energy beams did not disappear immediately but the power of the cannons kept coming, increasing the size of each blue beam and causing the four blood shields to slowly shrink back with large amounts of white smoke rising from the point of impact as the center.

Standing on the fifth shield, Bai Zemin calmly watched as his four shields were quickly drained away and in a matter of a second, he came to the conclusion that while these cannons were capable of killing Third Order evolvers their penetrating power did not seem to be especially scary; the real terror was in the high temperature that could even melt his blood shields.

He pointed his finger at one of the airships and said with indifference, "Blood Chains."

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!...

The blood shield that Bai Zemin was standing on became much smaller and thinner as dozens of thick deep red chains shot out like tentacles not only towards the airship he pointed his finger at but also streaked across the sky towards the other three airships.

Due to the hissing sound of the four laser beams hitting and weakening his blood shields as well as the constant rumbling of the sky and the explosions of the battle on the fortress wall, Bai Zemin could not hear what the goblins were saying but he could see the panic in the creatures' eyes as they stepped forward to attack the blood chains that were not destroyed after being hit by the secondary weapons of each airship.

Bone arrows charged with magic power, glowing lights released from the blades of the goblins, electric bolts and fireballs launched by the mages of the goblin race, and all sorts of attacks exploded from the four airships.

However, to the surprise and horror of the First Order and Second Order goblins, the blood chains continued on their way despite having become a little thinner.

Bai Zemin's expression was indifferent as he waved a hand casually, and in response to his move, the blood chains coiled tightly around the four airships. After he had them where he wanted them, he clenched his fist tightly and in response, all the blood chains tightened viciously in an instant.

The sound similar to a rock cracking gradually frightened the goblins inside the airships and when they saw that things were not good they jumped at the immediate command of the Second Order goblin leading them.

Under the control of Bai Zemin and his skill Blood Manipulation, thin strands of blood peeled off the blood chains that clung to the airships. These blood threads snaked through the windows of each airship's control room and using the advantage of his skill Super Warrior, which made Bai Zemin an expert at controlling virtually any vehicle or war machine, he disabled the main cannons.

Once the threat of the airships' cannons was deactivated, Bai Zemin carefully controlled the blood chains to bring the heavy airships in his direction.

While using his blood shields to block the incoming attacks of the still falling goblins, Bai Zemin gently kicked the shield under his feet, and immediately afterward small but lethal crimson darts began to rain down in the direction of the more than 40 free-falling goblins.

"Bright Arrow!"

"Burning Blade!"

"Fireball!"

...

Those goblins with ranged attacks immediately responded by using all sorts of attacks to defend themselves since they did not have any soul evolvers in possession of a barrier-type skill. At the end of the day, this type of skill was incredibly rare to fall into a skill scroll.

Several of the darts were successfully shattered since they were so small that they could only contain a tiny amount of magic power and mana. However, the quantity was so large that it was simply impossible for the goblins to destroy them all.

"Ha!"

The Second Order goblins slashed with their swords while moving their arms at lightning speed. Thanks to the Agility of a Second Order soul evolver, they managed to defend themselves... But the First Order goblins were not so lucky.

"Damn it!"

One of the goblin commanders cursed aloud as she watched the bodies of over 30 First Order goblins turn into sieves with hundreds of tiny bloody holes piercing their bodies from side to side.

"It's pointless." Bai Zemin whispered in a voice only he could hear.

He pointed his finger downwards and the Second Order goblins did not have time to cry out in pain before the blood that stained their swords after destroying the darts turned into thin but extremely lethal threads that not only shattered the blades of their weapons but also curled around them and cut their bodies into dozens of pieces.

Even without using Overlap Regeneration, Bai Zemin's Magic stat was over 2000 points since he had gained possession of the Collector's Pocket Watch. All that amount of Magic points was comparable to that of a VERY talented soul evolver at the peak of the Second Order or comparable to that of normal Third Order soul evolvers over level 115.

Once the goblin airships were close, Bai Zemin moved for the first time since the battle began and jumped onto one of them. He sent the first airship into the Collector's Pocket World before jumping onto the second, then jumping onto the third, and finally onto the fourth before standing back up in the void.

He naturally would not destroy such precious weapons of war capable of dominating the sky now that he had the overwhelming power to get them practically intact.

Just at that moment, Bai Zemin's expression changed and with a lightning-fast movement, he pointed his open palm forward in the direction of the base walls.

The five blood shields moved one in front of the other, covering Bai Zemin behind just a moment before the magic cannonball fired from one of the cannons hit his body.

BOOOOOM!!!!

Bai Zemin frowned as his feet slid across the void. All five shields were torn apart by the magic cannon's attack and the hand he was aiming forward with was shaken upwards due to the power of the explosion.

"As expected, the power of those things is horrifying. Even five blood shields powered by all my magic power can't take it completely." Bai Zemin muttered under his breath as he stared coldly at the Second Order goblin that had just fired the magic cannon and was now looking at him in shock when he saw his body intact.

He pointed his index finger at that goblin who had taken advantage of the distance between him and Bai Shilin to trigger the magic cannon and said coldly, "Fucking goblin, go to hell."

The Second Order goblin's pupils contracted fiercely and the deep blue glow of a fire arrow was reflected in them. To his horror, he soon found that despite wanting to move he was unable to do so and because he was a melee warrior he had no ranged skill to try to intercept the incoming attack before it hit him.

The blue fire arrow struck his head without a sound and in an instant, his body was engulfed in flames. Bai Zemin let him writhe and howl in pain as his body was burned to ashes in seconds.

"Father, I'm sorry!" Bai Shilin called out from the wall.

The girl's expression was filled with remorse and fear. She could feel the terrifying power of that giant magic bullet and her heart clenched as she imagined her beloved father being hit in the back because of her.

Bai Zemin looked at Bai Shilin whose dress was stained with blood and shook his head as he waved his hand from the sky and removed those stains: "My dear Shilin, you don't have to apologize for anything. Just have fun and let Father take care of the hard things."

However, Bai Shilin was stubborn. She shook her head furiously as she continued to slaughter the goblins on the wall and shouted out loud, "Crimson Lightning Flash!"

Blood-red lightning crackled noisily around Bai Shilin's body and her face illuminated by the lightning was grim as she said firmly, "Shilin is Father's daughter! She will definitely be more useful from now on!"

Bai Zemin shook his head as he saw Bai Shilin's clones appearing around her and charging towards the other cannons, unleashing an even more ferocious one-sided massacre than before.

It was around that time that more than 200 airships appeared in the sky from a distance. Moreover, Bai Zemin could sense that apart from the millions of goblins that were already there but kept exploding one after another under the power of his skill Blood Manipulation, there were also powerful auras very close to the walls.

"Shilin, I'll leave this part to you, okay? Father will go take care of the older bad guys since I'm the adult after all."

"Okay! Shilin will take care of the little ones since I'm still this young!"

... She really accepted that explanation.

Bai Zemin didn't stop and kicked the air step under his feet, launching himself at lightning speed towards the incoming airships. Those weapons were too dangerous, Bai Shilin certainly wouldn't survive if she was hit by two or three magic beams even if she had an impressively strong body.

BOOM!!! BOOM!!!! BOOM!!!! BOOM!!!! ...

From the other walls, terrifying explosions sounded and Bai Zemin immediately judged that the magic cannons were firing at him taking advantage of the fact that he was in the sky within firing range.

However, Bai Zemin's speed was truly frightening. The large and powerful magic cannonballs flew past his body but none of them managed to hit him, therefore and after flying several thousand meters they finally fell into the city, causing a huge disaster that destroyed buildings and crushed lives in the process.

At the same time, more than twenty relatively close airships opened fire firing the main cannon immediately.

"Range... about 2000 meters." Bai Zemin said to himself as he waved his right hand.

From his liquid storage pearl, great torrents of blood shot forward and in less than a second the sky seemed to turn into a bloody sea.

Just before the more than twenty bright blue laser beams with purple flashes hit, the sea of blood transformed into a huge deep red wall that seemed to separate the world in two.

BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! ...

Followed by multiple impact explosions, Bai Zemin could smell the odor of burning blood and hear the hissing on the other side of the wall. It wasn't long before the other airships fired their main cannons followed by the attacks of the goblins on board.Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

At the same time, the magic cannons on the walls that Bai Shilin had not yet reached opened fire again not long after.

Bai Zemin waved both hands outward and more blood came out of his storage pearl, blood which under the power of his skill Blood Manipulation turned into hundreds of sturdy shields that floated around him like stars revolving around the moon.

BOOOOOM!!!! BOOOOOM!!!! BOOOOOM!!!! BOOOOOM!!!! ...

A dozen shields were shattered and the sky rumbled as if the end of the world was near. However, despite the terrifying power that the goblin race was showing to have, Bai Zemin kept his cool.

At the same time as he replaced the blood shields with others, he gently placed his hand on his side of the blood wall that served as a separator between this side and the side of the airships as he said in a cold voice, "Blood Chains."

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3