Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 945 Fall of the Fortress Mother and anirrational Father

If it were Bai Zemin before getting the Collector's Pocket Watch then he certainly would not have the ability to do all this.

Rather than lack of ability, the problem would be the lack of Mana, which would force Bai Zemin to activate Overlap Regeneration to refuel his reserves at least one time.

However, after obtaining the Demi-god grade treasure that increased his Mana by +1000 points, doubling his reserves in an instant, Bai Zemin had enough Mana to use his skills with far greater freedom compared to the past.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!...

Dozens became hundreds and those hundreds soon became thousands.

The goblins operating the airships were frightened when they saw that from the blood-red wall rising up to the sky, sturdy chains of blood were detached. These blood chains appeared to be dragons, writhing as they sped towards each of the nearest airships or past those that had already been caught to catch those further back in the line.

Except for the chains that were hit by the laser beams fired from the main cannons of each airship, the other chains held their ground even after being hit by numerous attacks from the secondary weapons of each ship as well as some active skills launched by the goblins.

"Shit, watch out!"

"Sir Ohec, the airship is being crushed by those things!"

"Fuck, it's going to explode with us inside at this rate!"

"J- Jump!"

...

The goblins began to panic as the blood chains coiled like snakes around the airships, causing the structure of most of the ships to deform slightly once the blood chains glowed and squeezed tightly.

Swoosh!

Bai Zemin waved a hand and a hole large enough for him to pass through formed in the wall of blood before him. His Agility rose mightily as he activated Crimson Lightning Flash and at the same time as dozens of deep red lightning flashes crackled noisily around his body, Bai Zemin stomped the air step under his feet and turned into a human lightning bolt straight towards the nearest airship.

"Human shit, don't be so cocky!"

About two hundred Second Order goblins used the chains to their advantage instead of jumping to the ground. They jumped down from the airships they controlled and ran through the thick chains that were connected to the blood wall to close the distance between them and the hateful human who was causing such a mess in their fortress.

Unfortunately or not, Bai Zemin did not even bother to look at these goblins but simply waved a hand forward as he said in a cold voice, "Blood Absorption."

The Second Order goblins were startled when suddenly their feet froze, and when they looked down they saw the chains of blood glowing brightly.

Just before the first could ask what was happening, howls of pain escaped from the mouths of some of the goblins and in just two seconds they were all shrieking as they felt all the blood in their bodies being rapidly drained out of their bodies going downward.

In about a minute, the two hundred Second Order goblins became a pile of skin and bones falling from the sky when the blood chains now more robust and powerful than before ceased to hold them steady.

As for Bai Zemin, he had already managed to catch 43 airships that had been sent to the Collector's Pocket World while killing 70% of the First Order goblins on the ground after they jumped out of the airships.

"Those cannons are really a pain in the ass." He said in a grim voice as he hurriedly covered the left side of his body with 7 robust blood shields positioned in a straight line one in front of the other.

BOOOOOM!!!!

After a powerful explosion followed by a terrifying shockwave, six of the seven blood shields were shattered and the blood was vaporized while the seventh one was filled with cracks and lost 60% of its defensive power.

However, these shields fulfilled their function since Bai Zemin was not affected at all. Even so, this event reaffirmed the power of the magic cannons installed on the walls of the goblin base.

After about three or four minutes, the approximately 200 airships were effectively captured by Bai Zemin. With these powerful aerial weapons, his faction could form a new division specialized in heavy assault against enemy bases or scouting dangerous areas.

It was around this time that the magic explosions from the walls began to become fewer and fewer in number and less continuous than before.

A minute later and as tens of thousands of blood swords rained down from the sky, slaughtering tens of thousands of Unclassified and First Order goblins per second, the explosions from the walls finally ceased completely.

Bai Zemin looked back as he silently activated Overlap Regeneration and replenished his practically drained Mana after the use of such devastating attacks and the creation of so many strong blood shields. His blood red eyes met the shining black eyes of Bai Shilin, who was panting softly but had a bright smile on her lovely sweet face.

"Father, Shilin has taken all the Soul Stones from the cannons on the wall."

Bai Zemin caressed the hair of the girl who with a leap stepped into his embrace in search of warmth. Seeing Bai Shilin's expectant look as she looked at him as if she was waiting for something Bai Zemin couldn't help but chuckle.

He gently kissed her forehead and said softly, "Thank you for helping Father, Shilin. I couldn't have done it this easily without you."

He was not lying. If not for Bai Shilin's strength being so overwhelming, which allowed Bai Zemin to focus on other things and leave the magic cannons to her, he could not have entered this fortress so easily and might even have had to destroy everything; something he did not want since it would be a great waste to lose all this technology and the construction of a great base like this.

"Hehe!" Bai Shilin was delighted and her hug around him tightened after being praised.

She greatly admired her second mother as she was so beautiful and powerful. Bai Shilin did not know how powerful her third mother was, but since even with her passive that allowed her to know the level of anyone below or in her same Order and Bai Shilin still could not read it, she could say that her mother Lilith had a high level.

However, the one she admired the most of all was her father.

Bai Shilin's eyes sparkled as she looked at the serene expression and cold eyes of her beloved father. As she listened to the wind howling around her followed by loud explosions every time a blood sword rained down from the sky to end the life of at least one enemy, she felt a great desire to follow him to be more like him.

"Mm?" Bai Zemin felt Bai Shilin squirm a little in his arms, and when he looked at her he was slightly surprised to see her raising her right hand towards the sky.

"Ice Swords!"

Bai Zemin looked up at the sky just in time to see the air cool and the particles merge together, quickly forming approximately 2000 beautiful silver swords.

'Right. Shilin learned the skill Ice Maker from Bing Xue's records when she was born.' He had forgotten this fact since up until now all Bai Shilin had been doing was punching with her fists or throwing kicks.

The silver ice swords joined the crimson blood swords, increasing the speed at which the goblins were slaughtered by no small margin.

"Shilin, are you all right? Don't push yourself too hard, you don't need to." Bai Zemin said as he saw her slightly pale face.

"S- Shilin is well. Shilin is Father's daughter after all." She replied quietly as her chest rose and fell.

Bai Zemin watched her silently, watching as a bead of sweat slid silently from the girl's forehead. He closed his eyes for a moment but whatever he was thinking he didn't say.

He silently activated Gravity Manipulation at the same time as the air step that held them in the sky disappeared. Soon, Bai Zemin's body and Bai Shilin's body still in his arms began to slowly descend until the two finally stopped at the top of a large building made of white stones.

Seconds later, three terrifying auras caused the atmosphere to shudder. Bai Zemin's eyes were indifferent as he stared coldly at the three goblins who with a boom soared over two hundred meters in an instant, stopping at three buildings 300 meters in front of the building where Bai Zemin and Bai Shilin were standing.

"Who the hell are you two?" A violet-skinned, green-eyed goblin asked.

His voice was deep, his body was as thick as a tree trunk, standing over 2 meters tall, and he carried a large black club in his hands. From the way he looked at Bai Zemin and Bai Shilin, it was clear that this goblin was not underestimating them.

In fact, the other two goblins were the same. Seeing how a human male with a female had managed to break through the defenses of the Mother Fortress so easily in a matter of minutes, only a raving madman would underestimate them.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Due to the massive size of the base, even for them that were Third Order goblins, it would require several minutes of pushing themselves to the limit if they wanted to urgently reach any of the entrances. However, they were not so worried at first as they did not believe that anyone could take down the Mother Fortress even with a month of effort not to mention a few minutes.

Therefore, when the three Third Order goblins saw how at least 1/5th of the total number of soldiers had disappeared along with the bigger air fleet next to the deactivation of the magic cannons installed on top of the walls, the surprise and disbelief they felt in their hearts were not small at all.

"Where is your leader?" Bai Zemin asked directly ignoring the question of the goblin in front of him.

Although he was slightly surprised that these goblins were above level 140, that was all; slightly surprised. In his eyes, only soul evolvers with extremely pure Soul Power on par with Shangguan Bing Xue, Bai Shilin, Liam, or the Demon Lord were worthy of paying attention to between levels 100 and 200, the rest were just junk.

Of course, Bai Zemin did not get the response he was looking for.

The personality of the goblins was never pleasant, to begin with. They were all fierce and lustful by nature with wild blood coursing through their veins. Bai Zemin had already managed to infuriate them with the chaos he had caused in their realm and Bai Shilin's beauty was getting on their nerves a bit.

The fact that he treated them like air and spoke in an authoritative tone finished pouring the water out of the glass that was already on the verge of collapsing.

"You piece of human shit! How dare you-"

A spear-wielding goblin took a step forward while cursing. Furthermore, the dark green shimmer on his spear signaled the activation of an attack skill. However, the goblin's pupils contracted fiercely when he saw the human female next to the male disappearing followed by an explosion in the distant building.

Out of pure battle instinct rooted in his body, the Third Order goblin raised his spear to head height in a defensive stance.

BOOOOM!!!

"Luizz!"

The other two goblins looked on in shock and fury as the spear-wielding Third Order goblin whose name was Luizz flew backwards, smashing two entire buildings in the process and being buried under a pile of rubble and dust.

"This bitch!"

Fury converged with lust in the hearts of the two goblins as they watched Bai Shilin slowly retract her fist. She was standing right where the goblin named Luizz had been standing just a moment ago.

Bai Shilin's body was enveloped by a halo of silver light, a sign that the girl was using her skill Overlap Strength which allowed her to take 50% of any one stat except Health and convert those points into Strength points.

"Shilin will not allow anyone to curse her Father." Her youthful face was very serious as she looked at the goblin named Luizz slowly crawling out of the rubble.

Although the goblin was without visible wounds, the trembling in both arms was obvious to everyone and his spear had split into two halves after taking Bai Shilin's fist.

"If you do that again... Shilin will kill you." She said in a gentle but serious voice.

Seeing Bai Shilin acting this serious and this being the first time she heard her being so firm about something, Lilith didn't know whether to laugh or cry as she said softly, "Is she your little guardian or what?"

"Of course." Bai Zemin said proudly. "She's daddy's little girl after all."

Lilith looked at him with a dead expression on her face and growled mildly, "You really are a pervert."

"Couldn't it be that the pervert is you for thinking bad things of my words?" Bai Zemin casually dismissed it.

"We'll see when little Shilin gets herself a boyfriend," Lilith said with a snort.

"Boyfriend?" Bai Zemin looked at her and said in a deep voice, "Shilin will never get a boyfriend. I'll kill them all if it ever happens."

"You..." Lilith was dumbfounded at the seriousness on his face before bursting out laughing.

How irrational could this man be? Lilith actually found it very funny.

To Bai Zemin, all this was no big deal. He looked at the three Third Order goblins and took a step forward as his cold voice spread all around.

"Since you don't want to tell me who your leader is and this one doesn't come out to greet me... Then you can all go to hell."

Bai Zemin had no plans to leave these Third Order goblins alive and make them his subordinates or anything similar. These three goblins could have participated in Zhong De's death somehow, not to mention that Bai Zemin needed them dead anyway.

The death of the three was written in stone, and with it the fall of the strongest fortress of the goblin race.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3