Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 949 Fourth Order Sea King & Difficultsituation

Troops composed of heavily armed military and soul evolvers began to scour the base in vehicles and on foot in groups in tight formations to avoid being surprised in case there were still any enemies alive.

Under direct orders from Bai Zemin, they all began to search for any kind of human life or resources that could be used; they were definitely going to find something, the base was massive after all. He did not have the courage to continue searching after encountering the five young women from before, Bai Zemin feared he would end up losing the thread of sanity that kept him in the fortress without letting him charge straight to a place where he did not know what he would run into.

As for the person in question, he was currently sitting inside one of the most luxurious buildings in the Mother Fortress along with Fu Xuefeng, Nangong Yi, Nangong Lingxin, Luo Ning, Xiao Xiao, and Xian Mei'er.

Despite the goblins' ugly appearance, those little creatures were not so bad when it came to architecture and design. In fact, because the goblins' sense of beauty was not too different from that of humans it could be said that their leaders had certainly taken their time to make environments in which one would want to be able to spend a lot of time relaxing.

In a large room whose floor was covered with some sort of smooth, flat golden stone, Bai Zemin looked at Xian Mei'er waiting for her to begin speaking.

However, Xian Mei'er looked at him with a weird expression on her face. In fact, she wasn't the only one looking at him like that.

"What's wrong?" Bai Zemin asked in confusion.

"No, not that anything is wrong but..." The eyes of Xian Mei'er darted back and forth before she asked quietly, "Human Leader Bai Zemin, I know this doesn't concern me but I have to admit I'm curious about it."

"No, that's why... What are you talking about?" Bai Zemin asked feeling even more confused than before.

Xian Mei'er took a deep breath and finally looked him in the eyes as she said softly, "You really like little girls don't you?"

"... No, believe me, I understand where you got that conclusion from, I really do." Bai Zemin said in a serious voice. He could feel his eyebrow trembling slightly as he tried to stay calm and said slowly, "However, you're wrong. Completely wrong."

Sitting on his right thigh, Bai Shilin slept comfortably resting her little head on him. Her chest was rising and falling rhythmically while Bai Zemin used one of his arms to hug her and keep her from falling.

On his left thigh, Luo Ning seemed to have returned to her childish self now that Bai Zemin was back. The girl hugged him tightly while looking at everything with curious eyes that sparkled like gems under the dim illumination of some resplendent stones.

Last but not least, Xiao Xiao was sitting in the space between his legs with a warm smile on her cute face. She had been glued to Bai Zemin from the first second without wanting to move away at all, and this time was no exception to the rule.

Xian Mei'er cleared her throat again as she gave the three girls a quick glance, "If you say so." She nodded without looking very persuaded.

Bai Zemin sighed in his heart. Being a good big brother and good father was certainly hard in this day and age. One could no longer do good deeds without being looked at with weird eyes.

"... Somehow I think I feel as if a certain someone is looking for some kind of self-justification or self-comfort in his heart."

Bai Zemin's eyebrow trembled even more fiercely than before upon hearing the words Lilith whispered in his ear but he wisely did not react big but instead focused on the mermaid princess seated in front of him.

It had been about an hour since Bai Zemin had met this group and after giving some orders and finding a comfortable place to talk about serious matters the first thing he did was to narrate a bit of his experiences, painting a clear picture in everyone's mind of how difficult his situation had been during the last half a year.

This was especially the case for Xian Mei'er, who needed to understand that Bai Zemin did not break the agreement they had reached half a year ago of his own free will but simply had no second choice.

After a moment of silence, Xian Mei'er nodded calmly, "I understand. I admit that I was furious with you back then, Bai Zemin. In fact, if it weren't for the fact that I needed and need your strength and the strength of your people I would have broken our alliance agreement when you did not keep your word that day."

Bai Zemin frowned slightly but swallowed what he felt and was planning to say. No excuses were necessary no matter how valid they were, the irrefutable truth was that he had broken his word even if he hated it.

"Don't worry, I'm not mad at you anymore." Xian Mei'er waved her hand as she saw the expression on his face, dismissing it as nothing more than a thing of the past. She sighed softly and crossed her right leg over her left in a slow graceful motion as she let her head touch the back of the couch she was sitting on, "However, many things got messed up because of that late lapse of 5 months. We will have to work very hard and risk our lives, Human Leader Bai Zemin... and I'm afraid this time it will be even tougher than the battle against the Beast Leader and Zombie Leader back then."

The expression on everyone's face was tremendously serious after Xian Mei'er said these words even though they already knew roughly what was happening. Bai Zemin couldn't help but narrow his eyes slightly as he realized that conquering this part of the country might not be a simple task even for him.

As for the reason... he would probably find out in an instant.

"Princess Xian Mei'er, can you explain to me what the hell is going on in the sea? I heard that your sea race seems determined to set foot on the mainland for some reason that I don't understand." Bai Zemin said in a deep voice.F

Xian Mei'er nodded and silently thanked the tea that one of the soldiers prepared for them in the absence of a maid on site. After taking a sip, she took about a minute or two of silence to settle her thoughts and memories before opening her mouth softly.

"I don't know exactly when did this happen, but according to my estimation, it must have been somewhere between 8 and 7 months ago. As you already know, I am the 7th Princess in my family, which means my siblings are numerous. However, none of those siblings of mine saw me as a threat in their paths of conquest towards the throne of the East Sea Royal Family. Not only was I not interested in the title of Forgotten Queen but the number of subordinates I had on hand was so small that I was never considered worthy of attention by any of them."

"However, this changed after that battle in the middle of the sea." Xian Mei'er paused and looked at Bai Zemin silently.

"You mean the agreement we reached?" he questioned.

"That is correct." Xian Mei'er nodded and continued in a serious voice: "After reaching an agreement with you, I began to think; 'Why not? if they could then I certainly could do it' I never lacked ability but my goals were different. But after listening to you that day, I realized that from my position I will never be able to change anything, which finally led me to make the decision to build my own army."

Bai Zemin could remember that during the four-race war on the bridge in the middle of the sea Xian, the subordinates of Mei'er were numerous from his point of view. However, she really lacked powerhouses. Most of her subordinates at that time were just Unclassified fish with some First Order crabs and lobsters. She only had the support of 1 or 2 Second Order sharks but that was about it.

"Thanks to our deal, I suddenly had a large amount of food and Soul Stones that I used to recruit a large number of soldiers from my race in the sea. I even managed to recruit 5 Second Order and 1 Third Order powerhouse in a very short time. It was at this point that the troubles for me began." Xian Mei'er sighed.

"Your siblings began to see you as a threat when they saw your fast growth." Bai Zemin said in a deep voice.

"Yeah..." Xian Mei'er nodded.

She, who had stayed passive for so long, suddenly began to recruit tens of thousands of soldiers per day and even high-level powerhouses. It was impossible for her siblings not to see her as a threat after a few months and seeing how fast she was growing.

"I somehow managed to withstand the assault of my siblings. Not to brag but when it comes to magic talent I'm probably the best in my whole family." Xian Mei'er said in a serious voice without any hint of arrogance. "But, not long before you were forced to open a portal to the other world, one of my brothers suddenly rose with a speed even higher than I did despite the fact that I was backed by you and your people."

Bai Zemin always sent a large camp of zombie corpses into the East Sea within the area that Xian Mei'er controlled. During his presence, millions of zombies were delivered to her and among them, there was certainly no shortage of zombies with Soul Stones in their brains. In return, Xian Mei'er fully supported Shangguan Bing Xue during the conquest of the entire west coast of China; she lost many soldiers in the process but definitely kept her side of the deal.

With this, the power under Xian Mei'er control was growing by leaps and bounds and she was no longer seen as the useless Seventh Princess who daydreamed about peace foolishly but her siblings began to see her as a tough opponent they needed to face.

Bai Zemin could tell by the change in the slightly sharp gaze of Xian Mei'er that she had certainly experienced countless hardships during this time.

"Faster than you? Even with all the resources you are getting from the mainland?" He frowned sharply upon hearing this.

Xian Mei'er nodded, "One of my older brothers, Xian Kun, Third Prince of the East Sea Royal Family. He was always the most mysterious of them all, not only is he very cunning but he is incredibly hard to read since he always has a smile on his face. Although the Third Prince was always powerful, the First Prince and the First Princess never saw Xian Kun as a true rival... until a few months ago."Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Xian Mei'er frowned and paused before continuing, "The Third Prince suddenly appeared with a huge army after disappearing for two whole months... Human Leader Bai Zemin, when I say he appeared with a huge army I'm talking about a HUGE army, so much so that the 20,000,000 zombies we killed on the bridge that day is nothing but a joke in comparison."

"The army that the Third Prince carried with him is not only huge but also has hundreds of Second Order powerhouses and even some Third Order soul evolvers. Xian Kun began attacking the territories under the control of the other princes and princesses without delay, and although he lost several powerhouses in the process, the number of his army didn't seem to decrease much even though the deep waters were dyed crimson red after months of war."

Bai Zemin remained silent as the draw of the painting began to become clearer to him.

"Not only did the Third Prince's numbers grow exponentially overnight but he also obtained some kind of ridiculous treasure that somehow assists his troops to evolve faster." Xian Mei'er frowned deeply and said in a serious voice, "My brother Xian Kun visited my Royal Father and after a conversation of several hours he left the throne room with his trademark smile. A few days later, my Royal Father suddenly and somehow became a Fourth Order soul evolver and the Third Prince began to attack the mainland with strong tenacity."

Fourth Order? Bai Zemin's pupils contracted slightly as he looked at the mermaid princess in shock.

Xian Mei'er seemed to know what was going through his head as she nodded, "That's why I said things got too complicated now... Besides, that's not the worst of it."

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3