Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 953 A second mysterious pagodaappears

Bai Zemin felt a bit of curiosity in his heart after hearing the words uttered by Xian Mei'er.

His curiosity was not specifically directed towards Feng Tian Wu as a person but rather towards her magical power and skills in general, of course. Basically, Bai Zemin was curious about her strength as a soul evolver, simple as that.

As for romantic matters? Bai Zemin had long since stopped thinking of Feng Tian Wu in that way. In his eyes, she was no different from Nangong Lingxin.

No... On second thought, he trusted in Nangong Lingxin much more.

Be that as it may, Bai Zemin knew that this was not the time to think about anything other than dealing with the ongoing problem so the whole Feng Tian Wu thing was soon pushed to the back of his mind again, back to where it belonged.

"I guess I'll have to take care of this myself."

Xian Mei'er looked at him curiously as he took a step forward and her blue eyes twinkled slightly.

Aside from Xian Mei'er, Fu Xuefeng and the rest also immediately focused on Bai Zemin's back.

"Man, somehow I'm curious to see how strong he has become." Nangong Yi muttered in a tired voice.

"Indeed." Nangong Lingxin nodded. She frowned slightly and said in a low voice, "I'm sure if it's him he'll be able to kill millions in a few hours, but unless his power has doubled or even tripled compared to his six months ago self it's hard for me to imagine how he could take down all these enemies."

Everyone knew that Bai Zemin was powerful enough to wipe out millions of enemies on his own. However, just as was the case during the goblin invasion several months ago when Earth evolved, even he was limited when it came to an overwhelming number of enemies with no apparent end in sight.

"Besides... The Leader is still in the First Order even after all this time." Fu Xuefeng sighed. "Just how insane are his evolution requirements? Even with his strength he hasn't been able to advance so far."

Actually, normally all soul evolvers in the universe were supposed to need many months and even many years to complete their different evolution requirements, it was not supposed that in a matter of just under 1 year an existence could go from being a weak human to a Third Order soul evolver. However, the Earth was cloaked in a great layer of mysteries that everyone did not know was there not to mention knowing what those mysteries surrounding them were.

To Fu Xuefeng and the rest, the life they were living now was something that could be called "normal" but they had no idea that in the eyes of every other living being in the universe the life they were living was far from normal.

"Big brother will certainly wipe out all the enemies." Luo Ning said in a firm voice.

Nangong Lingxin and the other adults exchanged glances not knowing whether to laugh or cry. Luo Ning's confidence was practically blind at this point.

Regardless of what the others thought, what Bai Zemin had to do had not changed; he had to kill his enemies, that was all. It had been that way since the beginning, since he killed that mutant bee almost a year ago.

He kicked the stone wall and in an instant he soared into the sky. As the world's gravity began to pull him back to solid ground, Bai Zemin activated Gravity Manipulation to decrease the natural pulling power and thus slowing his speed of descent as he watched the endless ocean of sea creatures arriving from the distance.

"Where the hell are all these sea creatures coming from?" he said with a frown.

"Looks like you're not the only one with a pagoda in this world anymore."

Swoosh!

Lilith suddenly appeared next to Bai Zemin, uniquely visible to him.

"What?" He looked at her in surprise before looking into the distance again. "I thought those things were really hard to obtain? How did a second one suddenly appear in such a short time?"

The sea creatures and the few goblins left alive tried to reach the walls of the Mother Fortress, but none of them made it too far. The battlefield was covered in blood, there was practically no place on earth for tens of miles that wasn't covered in at least a thin layer of viscous liquid.

Creating hundreds of thousands of blood threads that cut the bodies of the enemies into pieces was not a challenge for the present Bai Zemin. After digesting part of the memories of his life inside that 10,000-year illusion, Bai Zemin's proficiency in using Blood Manipulation had increased so much that his Mana consumption was miserably low.

Of course, he had still had to invest over 400 points to create so many blood threads, but in comparison to the large-scale massacre, those 400 points of Mana were insignificant.

"No, this case is different from yours," Lilith said in a serious voice as she looked off into the distance.

"What do you mean?" he asked with a deep frown.

A pagoda was no small thing. Bai Zemin knew how terrifying the power of those things was, therefore, he couldn't be careless if someone that clearly didn't have good intentions towards him or his faction had suddenly appeared with a pagoda.

"That pagoda... I can't be sure since I haven't touched it in contrast to yours, but that pagoda is very old." Lilith said with obvious confusion in her voice, "You... How old is this world approximately?"

Bai Zemin didn't know why she would ask such a question, but still answered in a serious voice: "According to various studies our Earth should be around 4.5 billion years old."

"4.5 billion years..." She muttered with an increasingly frown, "That pagoda seems to be as old as the world itself."

"What?" Bai Zemin's eyes widened. "You're telling me that-"

Suddenly and remembering the existence of the ancient ruins and King Kang, Bai Zemin stopped before finishing his words.

"Be that as it may, it's impossible to know for now." Lilith shook her head without lingering any longer on the matter of the age of the pagoda and the Earth, this world was simply a mysterious mess after all. She looked at Bai Zemin and said in a serious voice, "Zemin, your pagoda seems to be able to restore the deepest records of a living being's soul as long as you invest the right amount of Soul Stones. The pagoda of the other side seems to work with Soul Stones as well, but its power seems to be close to the opposite of yours. However, I'm not too sure about this, I could be wrong so keep that in mind."

If Bai Zemin's pagoda could restore the deeper records and the enemy's pagoda apparently did the opposite...

"Modify the deeper records to the owner's liking?" he muttered before nodding. "It seems the other party found the pagoda, but none of that matters now."

Now that Bai Zemin had found the existence of an additional pagoda, he was going to take it for himself. Besides, since the other side was his enemy, there was no need to hold back or be merciful at all.

The power of the pagodas was certainly terrifying, but they were not invincible powers... At least not from Bai Zemin's point of view.

"Little Fire, take all my Mana!"

Bai Zemin raised his hand to the sky and from his palm, a small deep blue fireball began to slowly rise.

The deep blue fireball was only the size of a basketball, but after rising about 100 meters above Bai Zemin, it suddenly began to shoot fire arrows numbering tens of thousands per second.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!!! ...

Fire arrows rained down on the battlefield at lightning speed, and when a sea beast was hit it was incinerated in that very second. However, the most terrifying thing of all was that after turning the enemy to ashes, the flames that made up each fire arrow did not die out but began to sweep across the battlefield with mind-boggling ferocity.

Despite wiping out the lives of around 80,0000 Unclassified enemies and hundreds of First Order in just an instant, Bai Zemin did not seem satisfied.

He stretched his left hand forward and his cold voice spread far and wide.

"Blood Sword Overflow."

Consuming around 1000 Mana points in an instant, Bai Zemin's face turned pale and due to the constant fierce consumption of the Endless Blue Lotus Flame, he was forced to activate Overlap Regeneration to recover.

However, the fierce consumption of Mana certainly paid off.

The blood grew stronger and soared into the sky, forming a huge globe not dissimilar to a crimson moon beyond the sparse clouds. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Under the shocked eyes of the soldiers, soul evolvers, and Bai Zemin's closest team, tens of thousands of blood swords began to rain down from the sky at speeds difficult to track with the naked eye.

Explosions of fire arrows and blood swords clustered together as the battlefield became a living hell for the enemy, causing the earth to rumble louder and louder.

200.000

400.000

600.000

800.000

...

"This..." Nangong Lingxin watched the scene in front of her with her eyes wide open.

For the first time since the battle had begun, the slaughtering speed had surpassed the speed at which the enemies arrived at a far higher speed. In fact, it wasn't more than a few minutes before practically all of the living beings in front of them disappeared.

Nangong Yi sucked in a breath of cold air as he watched the sea of roaring blue flames mercilessly incinerating everything. He knew this was one of Bai Zemin's skills, but that thing was not this strong in the past!

How many had he killed already!

The pupils of Xian Mei'er trembled violently as her arms that had been crossed under her chest slowly fell to either side of her body. She looked at the scene before her with her mouth slightly open as she muttered in a low voice words that even the two female tritons standing a step behind could not hear.

"This... Impossible!" One of the female tritons cried out in disbelief even though the reality was right before her eyes.

"That human... It must be a lie, I refuse to believe that someone who is First Order could do this." The other female triton repeatedly shook her head as she subconsciously took half a step back.

"Hah! Shilin's Father is Shilin's Father after all!" Bai Shilin nodded with both hands on her slender waist as she watched her father's figure being evolved by the golden halo of Overlap Regeneration.

In Bai Shilin's eyes, Bai Zemin was invincible. In the girl's heart, regardless of quantity or quality, her father was the almighty God capable of easily wiping out the opposition.

Fu Xuefeng forced a smile and said bitterly, "I thought I had become a little stronger and could help the Leader a little more... But it seems he has become even stronger and without even upgrading a single level in the process."

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3