Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 954 Mysterious Fourth Order

Hearing Fu Xuefeng's words, Nangong Lingxin also smiled bitterly as she shook her head slightly with her eyes still fixed on that figure standing in the sky.

This scene reminded her of the past.

Back then, Nangong Lingxin was fleeing with her older brother and her gunshot wounded father while a team of powerful soul evolvers were chasing them with guns. It was Bai Zemin's team who saved them from danger, but it was not until two weeks later that she met for the first time with the mysterious leader who was supposedly recovering from serious injuries after fighting to the death against a powerful enemy.

Regardless of how powerful she was now or how powerful she would become in the future, Nangong Lingxin would never in her life forget how that young man who was probably no more than 20 years old completely crushed one of the most powerful soul squads of the faction she once belonged to. The sight of Bai Zemin waving his hands and making hundreds of crimson spears rain down from the sky would forever remain etched in her memory.

However, what was before her was something that went far beyond that.

It was a completely different scale to the point where even comparing the two scenes was ridiculous.

In the end, she simply sat on the edge of the wall and looked off into the distance as she said in relief, "You know... I feel like the best decision I ever made in my life was choosing to be loyal to this man."

Nangong Yi nodded with a serious expression on his face. He thought the same as his younger sister, "At the end of the day, what we have to do has not changed. Just follow in his footsteps, he will take us far, for sure."

In the sky, Bai Zemin maintained an indifferent expression as he crushed the enemy army; an army which no longer seemed endless at all.

Lilith stared at him for a while before asking, "Zemin, are you okay?"

His lips curved upward slightly in a wry smile as he muttered under his breath, "Seems like I can't fool you, huh?"

"You've been using Overlap Regeneration practically non-stop for the last few minutes. I can feel hundreds of Mana points being drained from your body for every second that passes." She said in a serious voice. Lilith looked at the blazing hell of fire and blood before her before she slowly remarked, "Besides... This level of destruction and speed of slaughter..."

She said nothing more, but Bai Zemin thought he knew what she meant.

Maybe, just maybe, when it came to destruction and slaughtering capability Bai Zemin was no longer in the Lower Existence realm.

This did not mean that he was equal to a Higher Existence, of course. It was more about Bai Zemin being in a completely different scale than the scale he was put in.

Even though he was only a First Order soul evolver, Lilith felt that the two words 'Lower Existence' were disrespectful to Bai Zemin even though such words were never meant to offend.

"I think there should be some middle category for you, little brother Zemin." Lilith sighed.

"Well, if possible I hope I don't have to do something like this ever again." Bai Zemin whispered in a weak voice as his face slowly began to fill with beads of sweat.

He had killed at least 700.000 million lives in a matter of minutes, and while Bai Zemin didn't mind the overwhelming amount of records entering his soul, the problem was that the consumption was unhealthy, to say the least.

Even he who had a large Mana reserve and counted with the skill Overlap Regeneration could not take it anymore.

However, Bai Zemin gritted his teeth and endured.

Because he knew he was being watched... His Danger Sense skill had been warning him all this time about mortal danger.DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Something that could threaten his life under the effect of two triggers of Blood Berserker's Wrath skill in conjunction with Overlap Regeneration...

'Fourth Order!'

He couldn't show his current weakened state or he would definitely end up being killed!

...

Many kilometers in the distance, far away from the battlefield.

"... This is just absurd."

A soft and lazy voice, but at the same time filled with murderous intent, rang out amidst the silent darkness.

Xian Kun, Third Prince of the Eastern Sea, stared into the distance while holding a black spyglass with golden runes in front of his right eye. He was still smiling as always, but his gentle smile contained a hint of coldness that made Kreir, the leader of the goblin race, shudder as he stared at the blue dot representing the hellfire in the distance with terror-filled eyes.

Xian Kun continued to look at the golden figure in the sky towering over the world like an almighty god and slowly said, "Lord Thao Zhi, can you kill that human? At this rate, he will become a major obstacle. More than he already is, that is."

A figure wrapped in a black cloak watched everything that was happening in the distance through a glowing magic circle before him. The only thing visible on his body was his right hand, which was not unlike that of a monster with long black claws and covered in scales as he held a long sky-colored scepter with a light green stone on top.

This was precisely Lord Thao Zhi that Xian Kun was speaking to and his greatest trump card.

Lord Thao Zhi narrowed his eyes as his reptilian-like eyes stared at the human's face in the distance. After about 1 or 2 minutes, he turned around and said in a hoarse voice, "Let's return."

Xian Kun frowned slightly but the smile on his face remained as he stared through the spyglass, "Lord Thao Zhi, could it be that that human is stronger than you? Because if that's the case I'm afraid we're in trouble."

"No, that human can probably fight a level 220 or 230 Fourth Order, which is quite shocking considering he's at level 50." Replied Lord Thao Zhi without looking back and slowly walking away, "I have 100% confidence in killing him, but the laws of Earth will be torn to shreds if he and I clash now. This world is not as strong as it used to be, I've told you a hundred times... We need to prepare something first."

If Bai Zemin were here and heard this Lord Thao Zhi's words, he would certainly be greatly surprised as his combat power had been discovered almost with frightening accuracy.

Xian Kun said nothing but just stared intently at Bai Zemin. Finally, he chuckled and nodded, "I see. Understand."

He put away the spyglass and looked at Kreir with a smile, "Goblin Leader Kreir, this is how things are now. Remember you owe me 2,000,000 First Order Soul Stones."

Kreir clenched his fists to the point where his fingernails dug into his palms as he stared into the distance with bloodshot eyes.

Xian Kun snorted and turned to walk away. His mood was gloomy, to say the least.

He had just spent an exorbitant amount of Unclassified Soul Stones, a good portion of the treasure he had discovered months ago. If it weren't for the fact that he had been used to not letting his emotions get the better of him from a young age he definitely wouldn't be taking this quietly.

Xian Kun's eyes flashed viciously and he was already planning to have some fun with a few human beauties before eating them to ease some of the anger in his heart.

Soon, the three figures disappeared amidst the snow now almost completely melted due to the heat of the blue flames still glowing in the distance.

...

"It's gone." Bai Zemin sighed in relief as his Danger Sense skill stopped warning him of any kind of danger.

Lilith that was next to him also sighed in relief before looking at him and saying, "Zemin, you need to rest and recover quickly. Try not to do this again unless it is strictly necessary, understood?"

Bai Zemin nodded with his face becoming paler and paler, "I am aware of that."

Were it not for the fact that he was short-handed and had no choice but to give his all to keep the Mother Fortress in his power, Bai Zemin would definitely not have made such draining attacks for the sake of finishing off the enemy as quickly as possible.

Fighting for hours was not an option at all, with the number of enemies the war would have stretched for weeks if not months. Besides, Bai Zemin had a hunch that had the other side not known that he could wipe out hundreds of millions in minutes the enemy would most likely not have retreated but would have pushed even harder in comparison.

He took a deep breath and said quietly, "All right."

Trying to remain calm and not letting weakness show on his exhausted face, he made his way to the wall again.

There was no clapping, no cheering, no shouts of joy, no roaring; only silence accompanied by the crackling of the blue flames turning the corpses of the goblins to ashes but sparing the sea beasts that could be consumed.

Sometimes, when someone witnessed something that was far beyond their cognitive abilities, the general response would be silence.

Bai Zemin's combat boots made a small thud as his feet touched the stone wall. He looked at everyone for a moment before ordering in an indifferent voice, "Take charge of collecting the spoils of war. Xuefeng, contact Kang Lan and tell her to take charge of starting to move our people to the Mother Fortress."

"This..." Fu Xuefeng looked at him in surprise upon hearing his order and said quickly, "Leader, if we do that the base we currently occupy might fall..."

Bai Zemin waved his hand and said indifferently, "Let Kong Jun stay behind, he alone is more than capable of guarding that base from any attack from the sea."

Even Bai Zemin did not dare to underestimate Kong Jun. He did not believe that a pack of Unclassified or First Order sea creatures could present any sort of problem for Kong Jun.

"R- Roger." Fu Xuefeng nodded. He had received Healing from a mage so the wound on his abdomen was much better since the bleeding had stopped earlier thanks to Bai Zemin.

"Nangong Lingxin, take a team of 20,000 men to take care of the sea beast meat."

"L- Let me do it." Nangong Lingxin nodded quickly. She didn't think any more enemies would appear after what had just happened to the army they had sent.

Bai Zemin looked at Xian Mei'er silently for a few seconds, and when his blood-red eyes met her beautiful deep blue eyes he noticed that her pupils trembled slightly.

He said nothing and stopped looking at her as he walked in her direction. As he passed next to her, Bai Zemin paused for a moment before calmly saying, "Seventh Princess, I guess I haven't disappointed you, have I? ... I hope you won't disappoint me now. Hopefully, I made an alliance with the right person."

The eyelashes of Xian Mei'er trembled softly as she heard Bai Zemin's words. She didn't say anything and simply stared off into the distance as she listened to the sound of his footsteps moving farther and farther away. As for what she was thinking or feeling, only Xian Mei'er herself knew.

Bai Shilin ignored everything, including the silent atmosphere, and quickly hurried to her father. She took his hand and looked at him with a sweet smile, making him smile gently in response as they walked off.

Everyone looked with mixed emotions at the backs of the father-daughter duo until they both jumped off the wall before both auras disappeared from the world.

Nangong Lingxin took a deep breath before saying in a firm voice, "Let's get to work. The Leader has already given his orders."

Among those present were some who had never seen Bai Zemin let alone seen him in action, and many who, after not seeing him for half a year, seemed to have forgotten the reason why he was their Leader.

However, a simple action of several minutes was enough to refresh the memories of all those who had their doubts.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3