Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 955 Subtle not so subtle change intheir relationship

After jumping off the base wall, Bai Zemin didn't wait for his feet to touch the ground and thanks to his little angel's quick understanding both he and Bai Shilin were soon dragged into the Collector's Pocket World.

Bai Zemin immediately began to sweat bullets and his face which previously showed only a little tiredness became as white as a perfectly white sheet.

Bai Shilin also turned slightly pale when she saw her father stagger and hurriedly supported him.

"Father... A- Are you well...?" She asked in a trembling voice.

Seeing her eyes practically covered with crystalline tears, Bai Zemin forced a smile and kissed the top of her head tenderly as he said wearily, "My dear Shilin, Father is fine."

However, Bai Shilin was no fool despite being relatively very innocent.

"Did the bad guys hurt Father?" she asked as she hugged him and looked at him with her big black bright eyes trembling.

That gaze filled with affection, caring, and concern devoid of all evil... Those eyes were eyes that Bai Zemin wanted to protect at any cost.

He stroked her hair softly and said in a low voice: "The bad guys couldn't even touch Father, did Shilin forget? Father is just very tired after using a lot of strength to kill all the bad guys quickly."

"... Really?" Bai Shilin asked half believing and half doubting.

"Mm." Bai Zemin nodded firmly. "Father just needs to sleep and in a few hours will be good as new."

"Okay."

"What does Shilin want to do?"

"Shilin wants to sleep with Father."

"Okay."

"Can I join you two?"

"Lilith mommy!"

"Hehe..."

Father, mother, and daughter.

The small group of three walked towards the house still in the process of being finished with mother and daughter backing the father's tired body, and when the latter touched the bed, his eyes practically closed in an instant.

Hearing his soft snoring and seeing his breathing a little heavy, Bai Shilin whispered in wonder, "Lilith mommy, Father can really fall asleep very fast. Shilin sometimes needs a long time to be able to sleep and she gets very bored with her eyes closed."

Lilith tenderly caressed the little girl's hair and said softly, "I'll take one of Papa's sides, Shilin take the other? I'm sure with Dad here Shilin will be able to fall asleep quickly."

"Mm!"

Lilith and Bai Shilin lay down on the large bed, both taking a place next to Bai Zemin who slept on his back with traces of sweat occasionally dripping down his face.

After tenderly rubbing his face, both Lilith and Bai Shilin joined Bai Zemin and the two beauties, one big and the other small, fell asleep.

Bai Zemin was really mentally and spiritually exhausted.

Ending the lives of so many enemies so quickly had put a great burden on his soul because even though those records had not yet been absorbed since he had reached the limit of the First Order, they were records that were stored in his soul waiting to be digested.

Moreover, controlling millions of fire arrows and millions of blood swords was incredibly challenging; a single mistake could lead to an arrow or sword falling into the base, which would certainly have meant a catastrophe taking into account that Bai Zemin was not just any mage but one with great destructive magical power.

Time inside the Collector's Pocket World passed, just as it did in the outside world. However, the difference at which both time laws ran was very different.

Bai Shilin and Lilith woke up after 6 or 7 hours but seeing that Bai Zemin was still sleeping the two waved a finger near their lips as if to tell the other not to make noise, which caused both to smile at each other in response.

After lying next to him for 1-2 hours, Lilith motioned for Bai Shilin to follow her and soon the two left the house without making a sound.

"Shilin, do you want to be stronger?"

Facing the question from Lilith, Bai Shilin nodded with shining eyes and a serious expression on her face.

"Shilin wants to be stronger!"

Facing Bai Shilin's enthusiasm, Lilith smiled slightly and nodded calmly.

"In that case, Lilith mommy will help you become stronger."

And just like that, Bai Shilin's training in which Lilith was helping her master the control and use of her respective skills that she had started before resumed but this time on a much larger scale.

Both physical and magic explosions resounded into the Collector's Pocket World.

All sorts of silver-colored ice creations flew everywhere, clashing in the sky with purplish-black ice creations.

At the same time, Bai Shilin's small fists covered by a pair of snow-white gauntlets showered fiercely on Lilith, who using a white sword blocked all the other party's attacks with ease.

If not for Lilith taking Bai Shilin away from the place where the house was located the whole area would have been destroyed long ago.

It was not until two days later, approximately 48 hours after falling into a state of deep sleep, that Bai Zemin finally opened his eyes.

After remaining silent for several seconds staring at the ceiling with a blank stare, Bai Zemin slowly sat up while gently rubbing his head.

"You're finally awake, Sn*rlax."

"Lilith mommy, who is Mr. Sn*rlax? A new title of the Father?"

Looking to the side, Bai Zemin saw Lilith and Bai Shilin sitting on the edge of the bed as they looked at him with smiling expressions.

Bai Zemin grunted softly and let himself fall back onto his back as he said softly, "What year is it? The dinosaurs already rule the world again? I feel like I slept for two or three generations."

"Hehehe..."

Bai Shilin laughed merrily while Lilith rolled her eyes.

"You've been out for less than 50 hours in this world so it's only been about 5 hours outside." Lilith said.

Bai Zemin sighed in relief in his heart as he inwardly rejoiced that he had gotten the treasure bed he was currently lying in.

Had it not been for the Mega-Ultra-Comfortable Super Bed, Bai Zemin would have been sleeping a lot longer; at least twice as long. At the end of the day, one of the effects of the bed was to multiply the resting time by 2 in addition to increasing the natural health of everyone resting in it by +200 points.

After about another hour, Bai Zemin left the Collector's Pocket World with Bai Shilin and Lilith following them invisibly.

They both appeared in the same place where they had disappeared, just halfway down from the base wall. However, everyone was still too busy working to worry about anything other than taking care of the bodies of the sea mutant beasts, gathering Soul Stones, harvesting treasure orbs and skill scrolls in case any had fallen, taking care of the injured, and a lot more.

There was so much work to do that even though 5 hours had passed there was still no sign of finishing anytime soon.

As he headed back to the main villa, Bai Zemin estimated that they would probably be stuck here for a few days unless they were willing to let the food go bad; something that was absolutely impossible.

Bai Zemin had a brief meeting with Xian Mei'er a few hours later regarding what to do next, and after he returned to his room he received a call from Shangguan Bing Xue.

"Luo Ning is there?" she asked.

Bai Zemin sat on the edge of the bed and calmly replied, "She is here, thank you for sending her."

"It's nothing. She happened to be at the northern edge of Shanxi anyway."

Luo Ning was leading the troops in the east, but since Shangguan Bing Xue would be in charge of the conquest process together with Wu Yijun, Bai Zemin asked her to send the girl to Inner Mongolia since he missed her a bit and wanted to make sure she was okay.

The girl had missed Bai Zemin so much that she had been sleeping with Nangong Lingxin before the latter had to leave for the north to fight the enemies in Inner Mongolia, making the girl share a room with her older brother since she could not sleep alone.

In Bai Zemin's eyes, Luo Ning was no different from his little sister. The two had been through a lot together considering the circumstances that brought them together.

Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue were silent for several seconds, perhaps feeling a bit awkward with what happened before at Bai Zemin's house while they played Dark Room.

"I will start attacking other bases in 1 week." Shangguan Bing Xue said after a minute of silence. "Yijun and her people will use that time to stabilize some things around here, you should be getting news soon."

"I see." Bai Zemin replied.

After a moment of silence, he added, "Be careful."

"I will."

Again, the two fell silent again until Bai Zemin took the initiative this time.

"We captured the Mother Fortress from the goblins."

"... I did hear something about it."

"Mm. There were several million goblins occupying it, including hundreds of airships which I captured with the least amount of damage possible."

After a moment of silence, Shangguan Bing Xue asked, "What about goblin technology?"

"Goblin technology is very advanced, I think they must have good magic engineers... At the very least, I think it's good to assume that for every certain number of goblins there is a certain percentage probability of a genius being born."

"Those creatures are dangerous, Bai Zemin. Their numbers alone are already a threat but if we add cutting-edge technology to the equation things become even worse for us."

Bai Zemin's eyes flashed with murderous intent as he said coldly, "I will annihilate the goblins until there are none left. Call it genocide or atrocity, I will definitely exterminate them."Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

"... Did something happen?"

Hearing the slightly worried voice of Shangguan Bing Xue coming from the ring commander, Bai Zemin hesitated as to whether he should tell her what he had seen or not. However, after some consideration, he realized that there was no need to hide it.

Considering that Shangguan Bing Xue had been the main force during the conquest of most of China so far, she definitely had to run into some goblins on her way even if most of them were centered in Inner Mongolia. Therefore, she had probably seen at least a little bit of how cruel these monsters were.

After hearing what Bai Zemin had seen in the Mother Fortress, Shangguan Bing Xue fell silent for a minute or two and Bai Zemin guessed that she used that time to calm down a bit.

"I see. I understand." That was all she said.

Shangguan Bing Xue might have somewhat let go of her almost hate-level indifference towards the males thanks to Bai Zemin's existence, however, this did not mean that she viewed them favorably for the most part. What the goblin males had done had certainly touched a nerve in her.

Bai Zemin did not tell Shangguan Bing Xue about the existence of a mysterious Fourth Order powerhouse that was most likely not the East Sea King to avoid adding pressure on her even more. Even then, he and she chatted for about 40 minutes mostly with him narrating a bit of what had happened and how he had captured the enemy stronghold together with Bai Shilin.

"So... I'll be updating you on how things are going here when I have some time." Shangguan Bing Xue said in a low voice.

"Same here." Bai Zemin nodded despite knowing the other party couldn't see him, "I'll let you know if anything big comes up."

"... In that case, goodbye."

"Goodbye... Be careful."

"... I will... You be careful too."

"Mm."

When the golden light of the ring commander went out signaling the end of communication between the two parties, Bai Zemin sighed as he muttered under his breath to himself.

Bai Zemin did not consider himself a dense man let alone an idiot... It was evident to anyone that his relationship with Shangguan Bing Xue had experienced a certain kind of change after the events that happened that night.

"Whether it's a good change or whether it's a bad change... Only time will tell." Bai Zemin sighed again, this time a little heavier than before.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3