Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 958 The War for the total control of thecountry (Part 2)

With the arrival of the entire Transcendent faction located in Inner Mongolia, the soul evolvers who had been working on dismantling the bodies of the mutant sea beasts, piercing the heads of hundreds of millions of creatures in search of Soul Stones, and recovering weapons that could be reused could finally rest.

After the logistics teams in charge of different tasks such as skin/leather/scale dismantling, flesh care, blood care, Soul Stone care, bone care, among others started to work without delay, all soul evolvers practically went into the dream world as soon as their bodies hit the bed.

At the end of the day and although all the soul evolvers present could be considered elites, they were still human beings who were mentally, spiritually, and physically exhausted after practically no sleep for about 3 whole days following a deadly war that drained them completely.

At the main villa, Bai Zemin met with Cai Jingyi and all his trusted generals to have an important meeting regarding the next move they would make.

"It's good to see that you two are well." Bai Zemin nodded towards Cai Jingyi and Shen Mei.

Both women wore tight leather armor that emphasized the curves of their bodies to perfection. Cai Jingyi's body might not be comparable to that of a relatively more mature woman like Shen Mei but that didn't mean she didn't have a great degree of charm; a charm which increased exponentially with the ever playful little smile on her face.

"It's good to see you back." Cai Jingyi nodded, and that slight playful smile she always displayed in front of both her allies and enemies turned into one of genuine happiness, "Even though all of us could feel that you were alive, it was hard not to worry given the circumstances."

Bai Zemin simply gave her a reassuring smile, and just before she said anything else he stepped forward as if he knew not what she had in mind.

"We will bring him back, absolutely. It'll take a while, a few years at least... But, it's just a matter of continuing to strive for a common goal. Eventually we'll make it, all together as a team."

Cai Jingyi was slightly taken aback with her mouth just barely open before she nodded with a smile and slightly moist eyes, "Definitely."

There was no need to name names or explain too much, those closest to Bai Zemin knew perfectly well what he would be going for. Moreover, those people who were close enough to know his goal and understand his words did not doubt at all that someday that currently distant goal would eventually become a reality.

Bai Zemin looked at the cunning, intelligent, and beautiful assassin who joined his faction after making a very smart move during the clash of the Transcendent faction and Camp Baiquan.

After a brief silence, he said with a faint smile, "Shen Mei, thank you for everything."

Shen Mei looked at him a little surprised as she did not expect this kind of words from the young man in front of her. However, she soon understood what was going on.

"Leader, I admit that I am a cunning woman and think of my personal benefits first of all." Shen Mei said in a serious voice as she looked him straight in the eyes. "Back then, the reason I allowed Fu Xuefeng to live even though I had the ability to kill him was so that you would owe me a favor so that I would have a way out in case Baiquan Camp lost the war. But... Honestly, even I am surprised by what I am about to say."

Bai Zemin watched as Shen Mei smiled wryly while shaking her head gently.

She continued, "After fighting alongside all of you for so long, after being saved from countless cuts by the soul evolvers of the Blood Spear Legion... That feeling of camaraderie and brotherhood that could never exist in a place like the past Baiquan Camp where everyone was looking out for themselves began to grow. Therefore, even though I am still the same cunning Shen Mei as before, I also have decided to give my all for the sake of these people and the home I have come to build."

Honestly, Bai Zemin was more than a little surprised to hear these words from Shen Mei.

In his eyes, although she was undoubtedly a powerful soul evolver with talent not inferior to Cai Jingyi and great tenacity, Shen Mei was simply too cunning; similar to a snake that could bite its owner at the slightest carelessness or mistake.

However, looking at the earnest and honest eyes with which she looked at him, Bai Zemin could say with 99.9% confidence that her words were not just words but her real feelings.

"I see." Bai Zemin gently closed his eyes and smiled, "I am glad to hear that you have found your place. I'm glad to know that place is here."

Shen Mei chuckled and nodded, "You did a good job, Leader. Building a team of people truly willing to throw their lives away for a common good."

Just as Bai Zemin's practically suicidal and vicious fighting style had affected the core members of the Transcendent faction, something that had later spread to almost all soul evolvers as they watched the various generals and commanders fight; his tenacity and decisiveness whenever he fought for the faction and its members also affected people's hearts.

At the end of the day, in this kind of world where leaders were cunning and would rather be on the back lines, a leader willing to take the first step and take the first bullet so that others could be ready was always attractive to follow.

A few minutes later, a map about 1 meter long and 1 meter wide depicting the territory under Chinese control prior to the arrival of the Soul Record on Earth was neatly spread out on the wooden table in the center of the room.

Bai Zemin looked at Xian Mei'er and calmly asked, "Seventh Princess, would you mind doing the honors for us?"

Xian Mei'er looked at him silently before turning her attention to the map on the table as she nodded calmly.

She took about two minutes during which she was solely and exclusively concerned about looking at the map. During that time, no one interrupted her but waited patiently as they looked at her in silence.

Finally, she opened her mouth and said in a melodious voice: "I can't guarantee it with 100% accuracy, but according to the few troops of mine that managed to sneak past the encirclement set by my big brother Xian Kun's soldiers, the number of total bases the enemy has is five, six if we include the already taken Mother Fortress."

Bai Zemin and the others listened to the words Xian Mei'er said as they followed the movements of her elegant white finger as she pointed out a total of five approximate locations within Inner Mongolia. Each of the five locations that her fingertip touched had been slightly moistened so that everyone could differentiate those five locations from the rest of the map with ease.

"These are the approximate locations where each base is situated, I'm sure of it." Xian Mei'er looked Bai Zemin in the eyes and said calmly, "Although I can point out the approximate location of each base, I want you to keep in mind that I don't know whether the enemy has more than five bases or not; the bases I can point out are the ones I know. It will depend on this unknown the time it will take us to annihilate them if we commence attacking."

Bai Zemin paused to think as he looked at the five points pointed out just now and analyzed her words.

After a few minutes of silence, he slowly began to speak, "Now that the enemy alliance knows that our faction is determined to attack after taking control over the Mother Fortress I think we can expect a significantly stronger resistance when we attack their bases. This is especially true considering the high reproduction rate of the goblins and the large army under the command of Third Prince Xian Kun."

Bai Zemin knew that the enemy was fully aware of his arrival in Inner Mongolia after his Danger Sense skill alerted him the night he annihilated the 700 million army. Therefore, since the enemy knew of his power, it was naturally obvious to assume that they would be waiting for him with great resistance.

"However, even if we know that we will face heavy resistance, there is not much more we can do about it other than attack." Bai Zemin said in a serious voice as he looked at everyone one by one. "I don't know anything about the sea race army, but everyone here knows how terrifying the goblin reproduction rate is. The longer we take, the worse it will be for us and the more advantageous for them."

Defending had always been easier than attacking regardless of whether it was strategy board games, console video games, or real wars. However, things for the attacker became a lot more difficult if the defender had a trump card that forced them to attack without giving them time to think about their next move.

In chess, players usually took their time to make the next move as they needed to somehow anticipate or foresee the enemy's intentions, so in a situation where the attacker had no choice but to move the first piece that came to mind, the chances of the attacker making a mistake were extremely high.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Therefore, even though Bai Zemin and the others had all the time in the world theoretically speaking, the high reproduction rate of the goblin race was a threat that forced them to make their next move as soon as possible.

"In short, whether we like it or not we have no choice but to attack despite knowing that the enemy will be waiting for us already prepared." Cai Jingyi let out a chuckle and said with a tone of voice that exposed her enthusiasm, "Isn't it great? This means we'll be able to take them all out way easier now that they've gathered to wait for us!"

"... That's a pretty optimistic way of looking at things you've got there." Fu Xuefeng looked at her feeling a bit speechless.

"Well, be that as it may we have to attack so no matter whether we look at it optimistically or pessimistically what we have to do hasn't changed." Cai Jingyi looked at Bai Zemin with a smile and asked, "Isn't that right, Leader?"

Bai Zemin chuckled as he heard Cai Jingyi's playful voice and couldn't help but nod as a few of his worries drifted away.

"Cai Jingyi has every reason on earth. " He said in a firm voice, "We will attack and destroy them, that's how it's always been. Nothing has changed."

Oppose and perish, subdue and prosper; this was one of the mottos of Bai Zemin and thus of the Transcendent faction.

However, things would be different this time.

As he looked at the five points on the map, his eyes flashed with murderous intent.

"We will attack the nearest enemy base located north of our current location within 5 days. With me in the lead, Fu Xuefeng, Cai Jingyi, Kang Lan, Nangong Lingxin, Nangong Yi... You will follow me along with 80% of the soul evolvers we have here." Bai Zemin announced.

"Uh..." Shen Mei looked at everyone puzzled when her name wasn't mentioned before asking in a soft voice, "This... What about me?"

* * * * * * *

Everyone, 1/3 chapters today. Sorry about yesterday.

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3