Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 965 Cosmic Particle Cannon

The war in the north part of China appeared to be ending with the victory of the Transcendent faction, however, appearances were just that; appearances.

Despite constantly pushing the enemy alliance steadily and step by step backwards, victory still seemed to be far from the sight of the group led by Bai Zemin.

As Xian Mei'er suspected, the number of enemy bases was more than she knew. However, even then, the power of the Transcendent faction and its soul evolvers with particularly pure Soul Power and above-average technology managed to be enough for all enemy bases to fall in just 1.5 months.

All except one, to be precise.

The last bastion was the human bastion, the base of the faction led by Liang Peng.

All the other goblin-led bases had fallen, and regardless of whether it was human or not, all living beings inside and outside that base were slaughtered mercilessly by Bai Zemin's troops.

Approximately 400 kilometers away from the last enemy base, the Transcendent faction was fighting fiercely against what seemed to be an infinite number of enemies.

Although during the last month and a half, the Transcendent faction had wiped out no less than 1 billion enemies, the truth was that nothing seemed to be comparable to what was in front of them.

Even after half a month of war, the number of enemies was still massive to the point that only now the distant walls of the base over 70 kilometers away were beginning to be vaguely visible to soul evolvers with eye- or sense-enhancing skills thanks to the walls' height of hundreds of meters.

However, despite the fact that they had already managed to push through with great difficulty for approximately 330 kilometers after killing no less than 3 billion lives, the reality was that if things continued like this the losers would be them and not the enemy who could do nothing but retreat in the face of the seemingly unstoppable power of Bai Zemin's faction.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

...

At the front of the army.

Bai Zemin was using his skill Blood Manipulation in such a way that about a hundred thick blood chains swung around him like tentacles.

Each chain was as thick as a tree trunk and some were as long as 100 meters which meant that each swing not only caused the direct death of thousands of enemies but also shook the ground with such ferocity that the shockwave was responsible of turning the bodies of thousands of others into meat paste.

Despite the fact that everything seemed to be under control, Bai Zemin was frowning slightly as he looked back with a tinge of worry.

Fu Xuefeng and the rest were all Third Order soul evolvers, even Luo Ning had advanced last week to the Third Order after completing the last remaining requirement to fulfill her advancement. Each of them had plenty of ability to take on armies of hundreds of thousands without too much trouble, the most powerful ones could even wipe out armies of a few million if they gave their all.

However, although the difference in individual power was so great that the numbers seemed insignificant, the reality was completely different.

Having fought for half a month without even an hour's sleep as the enemy had surrounded them, having been on high alert for so long with no time to relax in the face of the sharp claws and skills of countless sea beasts and millions of goblins... they had all long since reached rock bottom.

During the past month and a half, Bai Zemin had only lost just over 100 men during the capture of more than 13 enemy bases. However, in just half a month since he and his group had set foot on ground 400 kilometers south of the last enemy stronghold, the number of losses that had previously numbered only 100 had risen to over 14.000 men including 3.000 soul evolvers.

Even if Bai Zemin was reserving most of his Mana and Stamina in case that terrifying enemy appeared, he was still Bai Zemin; an anomaly identified as such by the Soul Record, ruler of the universe.

Even with his presence, however, he could not help but lose men on the battlefield.

This was, without a doubt, the greatest loss the Transcendent faction had suffered with Bai Zemin personally leading them.

Moreover, that number would not stop increasing at all but would continue to grow faster and faster with each passing second as the enemy commander(s) used their troops as cannon fodder to drain the Stamina and Mana of the already worn out men of the Transcendent faction.

Under normal circumstances, all of them should have been dried up and unable to fight by now; especially the low-level soldiers. However, it was thanks to Xia Ya's existence that despite the bad situation they could still continue to fight.

However, even she was starting to run out of steam faster than she would like.

Keeping her Wolf's Pack skill active to link Bai Zemin's records with tens of thousands of living beings was more exhausting than one might think. But Xia Ya knew that if not for that 30% of stats she was able to "borrow" from Bai Zemin to share with everyone else the faction would collapse.

Therefore, she gritted her teeth and persisted as she killed all the enemies around her like a cornered beast. Her eyes, like everyone else's eyes, were bloodshot not only from exhaustion but also from the amount of lives she had taken.

The smell of blood and rotting flesh was overwhelming but after so much killing none of them thought of anything but killing whatever was in front of them.

'I need to do something quickly or else everyone but me will end up dead.' Bai Zemin's expression was serious as he continued to slaughter enemies using blood magic attacks and physical attacks with Annihilation of the Falling Sky turned into an elegant golden bow.

His right hand became a blur as more than 4000 fire arrows per second broke forward and ended the lives of tens of thousands after hitting one and exploding powerfully.

Despite his high speed of massacre, however, it was far from enough.

Being aware of this fact, Bai Zemin gave the order to deploy the 200 goblin airships that were on standby 100 kilometers to the rear, and several minutes later he could hear the fierce explosions of the main magic cannons and secondary weapons of the airships causing a disaster in the enemy horde that was blocking the retreat.

What made him sigh in relief was that although the sea creatures had several ranged attack skills, these skills only had a range of 400-500 meters when it came to defying the Earth's gravity before exploding and disintegrating from the pressure or simply plummeting back to dry land.

The earth shook fiercely and the sky began to rumble softly as more and more sea beasts were torn apart. Blood of different colors, pieces of flesh, broken limbs, broken bones, fish scales, teeth... The already terrifying battlefield became even more terrifying as at least 100.000 more enemies began to fall for every second thanks to the power of the 200 airships that fired without reserve, rapidly draining the power within the Soul Stones as if they didn't care about being wasteful.

The power of the airships capable of killing even Third Order soul evolvers was no small thing. The Unclassified and First Order beasts fell easier than flies under the power of the cannons and shockwaves resulting from each explosion after the impact.

However, the relief of Bai Zemin and the others did not last more than a few seconds when from the distant horizon more than 300 goblin airships and 100 attack helicopters rose into the sky in a menacing manner.

Soon, the airships controlled by men of the Transcendent faction began to exchange fire against the enemy airships while trying to make evasive movements in a short-lived attempt to avoid being hit by their counterpart's weapons.

Occasionally, there would be 1 or 2 airships on one or both sides that would explode into fireballs before falling to the ground and exploding, taking the lives of tens of thousands of goblins and sea beasts in the process after being blasted by the magic cannons of one or more enemy airships.

Without the support of the airships, the pressure that had been taken off the human troops fighting on the ground against the endless sea of enemies came back stronger than ever, and little by little, even the most powerful began to receive more and more wounds on their bodies; wounds that despite being light would turn into big problems as they piled up more and more.

The situation had only worsened a day later, and the number of allied casualties had risen to almost 20.000 men from the previous 14.000 during the last 24 hours.

In fact, apart from Xia Ya and Bai Zemin, there were four other reasons why the Transcendent faction was still standing firm in this war.

One of those reasons was Kang Lan. She with her constant healing had become a goddess in the eyes of all the warriors present.

Another reason was the existence of Nangong Lingxin. She alone could hold back nearly a million enemies like an impenetrable wall with her Fourth Order Energy Barrier skill, not letting them advance at all and buying some time for several allies to at least breathe a sigh of relief.

The third reason they could still hold their ground was Xian Mei'er along with her two Third Order triton bodyguards.

At Bai Zemin's request, Xian Mei'er let herself go completely and each of her magic attacks was vicious enough to turn at least 50.000 enemies into meat pulp as dozens of flood dragons surrounded by golden lightning sprayed thunderbolts towards the enemy ranks constantly.

The last but probably the most important reason of the four was the existence of-

"Father!"

Bai Zemin was forced to snap out of his inner thoughts as he was trying to find countermeasures to counter the current situation when he heard Bai Shilin's urgent voice.

All the anger he had been holding back seemed to erupt like a fiery volcano when looking to his right he saw Bai Shilin being forced back step by step by a Third Order goblin who using some camouflage skill had managed to sneak towards her.

Bai Shilin had tears at the edge of her eyes that she was fighting against to keep them from falling. Her face was pale and her small fists were shaking as she punched almost without Strength due to exhaustion, barely being able to hold off the swift attacks of the fully rested cunning goblin who believed she had made a good choice in attacking the most terrifying soul evolver of all those showing signs of heavy fatigue.

In the sky, standing on the head of a flood dragon cloaked in golden lightning armor, Xian Mei'er pointed her index finger in the direction of the Third Order goblin with the intention of helping the troubled girl. However, she stopped as a frightening aura covered her, and with a pale face, she quickly controlled her skill to make the flood dragon soar beyond the clouds.

BOOOOOOOM!!!

The flood dragon exploded into millions of electric sparks after being hit by a bright red laser beam, and as Xian Mei'er fell from the sky with a blood stain at the corner of her mouth, she saw what appeared to be a huge red dot on top of the wall of the distant base slowly go out as the clouds in the sky exploded outwards after being hit by something moving too fast.

However, Xian Mei'er recognized what that object was. It was just that she could not believe it even though in her heart she knew the truth.

"Cosmic Particle Cannon?!"

The Cosmic Particle Cannon was a lost technology that had been found thousands of years ago by other rulers of the sea. Its destructive power was, in fact, barely below that of a nuclear bomb. However, its capacity to travel at 1/10th the speed of light made it a far more lethal weapon.

1/10th part of the speed of light might seem small to many, but the truth was that only 1/10th of the speed of light was more than enough to put even some Higher Existences to shame!

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3