Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 966 Feng Tian Wu: Daughter of Agni

These Cosmic Particle Cannons were part of the main defenses of the East Sea Royal Family's castle and there were only 20 of them.

Xian Mei'er couldn't believe that her brother, the Third Prince Xian Kun, actually brought one of those cannons to the mainland; and what she found even harder to believe was that her father had probably allowed him to do so even though each cannon had a clear lifetime limit!

"Why did he bring a Cosmic Particle Cannon to the mainland!" Xian Mei'er gritted her teeth in anger and disbelief at the same time as Xiao Xiao controlled a wave of water to prevent her fall.

Things had become a lot more difficult now. Even if they managed to defeat her brother, the Third Prince's army, the power of the Cosmic Particle Cannon was more than capable of ending the life of anyone present with a single shot.

BOOOOOM!

Attracted by a terrifying explosion from the ground, Xian Mei'er quickly looked down just in time to see the body of the Third Order goblin exploding into a mist of blood.

Even from high in the sky, Xian Mei'er could feel Bai Zemin's murderous intent slowly beginning to get out of control as the blurred ghost of a blood-red wolf appeared behind him as he slowly withdrew his fist.

It was then that she realized that this great bloody war would soon come to an end.

As for whether they would end up being victorious or defeated... Xian Mei'er did not know.

However, not knowing was good. It meant that she had sufficient confidence in the young human man's power that she had not given up all hope.

...

As the thick blood chains now waved more ferociously than before, practically turning into dozens of crimson flashes with minor golden tints and taking the lives of over 70.000 enemies per second, Bai Zemin updated the count of Third Order soul evolvers he needed to kill to complete his evolution requirement to 5 pending.

"My dear Shilin, are you all right?" he asked worriedly but with cold eyes as he looked at the endless flood of enemies that kept coming from everywhere as if they were endless microbes.

"Father, Shilin is really tired..." The girl muttered panting and feeling like crying. She didn't want to cry because she was a big girl and didn't want to embarrass herself in front of the person she admired the most in the whole world. But this whole situation was too much for Bai Shilin to bear so she was on the verge of collapsing.

"Can Shilin hold on for a few more minutes?" Bai Zemin asked as he stared straight ahead. "Father will finish off the bad guys in an instant and then we can go to sleep, how about it?"

The idea of sleep was really appealing to Bai Shilin after not having slept at all for 15 days. Her beautiful black eyes half-closed as a result of physical, mental, and spiritual exhaustion glistened slightly as she asked softly, "Can we sleep with Bing Xue mommy? Lilith mom has left and is still not coming back..."

"Mm, of course." Bai Zemin nodded. He had no choice but to tell a white lie at this point, "Just a few more minutes and then we can sleep. Father will look for Bing Xue mommy so Shilin can hug us both, how about it?"

That was all that was needed.

"Shilin will fight!" The girl nodded vigorously and as if her energies had returned she rushed forward. Each of her fists caused terrifying explosions and the shockwaves from each punch turned thousands of enemies into flesh pulp at the same time.

Ice swords began to rain down from the sky as Bai Shilin, like everyone else, began to drink Mana Recovery Potions. Unfortunately, she had already consumed all the Stamina Recovery Potions she had and had even drunk the ones of some soul evolvers who gave up theirs aware of the fact that Bai Shilin's help was higher.

However, Bai Zemin was aware that Bai Shilin was only back for a few minutes, and soon she would not be able to continue like this; this was the awakening after receiving good news before the fall, similar to when a terminal patient seemed to fill up with energy again before closing their eyes permanently.

Therefore, he needed to end it all soon. The loss of Bai Shilin would not be small and the burden on the already worn out team would increase horribly.

It was at this point that Bai Zemin needed the help of the only person capable of covering for him; a person whose capacity for slaughter was even higher than his before he broke loose.

The last reason why the Transcendent faction was still standing.

Bai Zemin looked into the distance to the east of the battlefield, and all he saw was a raging hell of burning flames covering as far as the eye could see.

No matter if it was a mutant beast or goblin, no matter if it was Unclassified, First Order, or Second Order, no matter if it was a mage or melee warrior... All living beings several kilometers eastward were reduced to ashes leaving behind nothing but white bones.

Standing alone amidst countless bones, Feng Tian Wu held a bright red magic staff while her similarly colored magic robe swayed gently in the presence of the hot wind blowing in from the distance.

She alone had taken care of the eastern area for the past 10 hours and no one, not even her allies, could come close.

Bai Zemin did not know how powerful Shangguan Bing Xue was, but even he could not help but doubt whether she could reach such frightening magical power as the one Feng Tian Wu had.

This was because Bai Zemin could tell that she was holding back and not a little because of how relaxed she seemed. The only downside was that she was drinking Mana Recovery Potions at thunderous speeds.

In the past 10 hours, she had practically consumed 70% of all the Mana Recovery Potions that Bai Zemin had brought with him from Eventide World.

However, none of this mattered to Bai Zemin; what mattered to him was her magical power and ability to wipe out hundreds of thousands of enemies in a matter of blinks of an eye.

Suddenly, everyone was surprised when their enemies stopped moving.

Subconsciously, those who had been with Bai Zemin when they were in the forest and fought against the weaver ants turned to look at him as they had witnessed a similar scene back then but on a far smaller scale in comparison.

Feng Tian Wu also turned to look at him with a confused expression on her face. She did not understand why he was suddenly changing tactics even though he had told them before that he needed to guard himself to face a powerful enemy that was watching him from the top of the base walls.

However, her confusion grew even more when she saw Bai Zemin walking towards her. Although he did not ignore her or treat her rudely, Feng Tian Wu somehow felt that he also did not take the initiative to talk to her nor did he seem to have the intention to be her friend even though he was willing to be friends with other people.

Of course, whether this was just her assumption or not, Feng Tian Wu understood that he was well within his rights after what she did to him years ago. At the end of the day, regardless of whether she had changed or not, the past could not be erased.

"Feng Tian Wu, do you think you can hold off all the small enemies by yourself?"

When he stopped in front of her with an indifferent expression and ice-cold red eyes, Feng Tian Wu couldn't help but smile wryly when she heard his question.

She had to take back the above.

Actually, there were times when Bai Zemin took the initiative to talk to her; it was when it was about something regarding the faction. Basically, work.Vissit nð’velbin(.)cð’m for ð’ew ð’ovels

"Will it be over soon?" She asked calmly as she stared into his eyes.

Unconscious of her thoughts and with no intention of being aware of them, Bai Zemin nodded, "I have that intention. But, I need someone on Bing Xue's level to help me hold the rest of them back during that time... I'm afraid I won't be able to worry about anything other than my enemy."

Although Xian Mei'er had a great magical power, her ability to take out many enemies at the same time or restrain them was insufficient for what Bai Zemin needed at the moment.

Hearing Shangguan Bing Xue's name, Feng Tian Wu could not help but frown slightly for a moment before regaining her composure at least on the outside.

After thinking about it for a few seconds, she slowly nodded after some hesitation, "Five minutes. Five minutes is the most I can do. After that, I won't be able to fight anymore even if I want to."

There were two things that Feng Tian Wu had not said.

One was that during those five minutes she would probably wipe out the entire enemy army.

As for the second thing she did not say; it was related to the reason why despite having that ability she had not used it until now.

"Five minutes? That's enough." Bai Zemin nodded with brightened eyes.

In fact, five minutes was more than he expected to get.

He would be done with everything in much less time, for better or worse, and regardless of the consequences.

"Very well then." Feng Tian Wu nodded calmly, and after looking at him for a moment, she walked past him in the direction of the front of the exhausted faction members who took this moment to rest and be healed despite being able to easily attack the paralyzed enemy.

Feng Tian Wu looked at the endless sea of enemies before she glanced at Bai Zemin out of the corner of her eye for a moment. Finally, she closed her eyes and let out a sigh.

When Feng Tian Wu opened her eyes again, the only thing in them was resolve as she chanted with a hint of pride and something else that was hard to comprehend, "Daughter of Agni."

[You have activated the Sixth Order level 5 UNIQUE skill 'Daughter of Agni']

[You have learned during the temporary period of 5 hours the skills 'Fire Maker' & 'Fire Manipulation']

[Magical power is increased by 300% for 30 minutes and the cooldown of all Fire-type skills gets reduced to half]

[During the 2-month cooldown of the skill 'Daughter of Agni' all your magical power, Mana, and Magic, will be reduced to 1]

[You possess creation, control, and the right; you can now use EX skill 'Domain of the God of Fire Agni' for a maximum of five minutes. The current maximum range of Domain of the God of Fire Agni is 500 kilometers due to your lack of magical power]

"I guess this might be a better apology than a verbal one." Feng Tian Wu muttered in a voice that only she could hear.

She looked at the enemies with her slightly crimson-colored eyes similar to a bright flame as she said in a resolute voice, "Domain of the God of Fire Agni!"

Feng Tian Wu's voice had barely fallen when a new message flashed across her retina, one that contained the reason why she had never counted on this skill despite having it since she obtained her class 'Daughter of Agni' when she turned into a Third Order existence.

* * * * * * *

3/3 chapters today. Sorry for yesterday >.<

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3