Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 967 Taking the Cosmic Particle Cannon

When the words Domain of the God of Fire Agni left Feng Tian Wu's lips, the whole world seemed to freeze for a brief moment, as if ironically instead of fire a layer of frost had covered every object, living or non-living.

Her brave voice traveled several kilometers even though it was not powered by mana and even though she had done nothing more than speak in her usual tone of voice. It was as if the meaning behind her words, the skill itself, had to spread its name far and wide across the battlefield it would descend onto.

Under the surprised eyes of everyone, especially Bai Zemin, Feng Tian Wu's appearance underwent no small change. Although all this happened in the blink of an eye, to him and a handful of powerful soul evolvers with keen senses it was all clear enough as if they had been watching it bit by bit, second by second, and minute by minute.

Her red hair became even brighter than before, but when the wind blew it was not crimson strands that moved but thin wisps of red flame that burned for an instant around her before disappearing. Her magic robe, despite being a Rank 2 forged item with very good characteristics, turned to ashes and her entire body was immediately engulfed in red flames.

No, it would probably be more correct to say that Feng Tian Wu's curvaceous figure was similar to that of a fire spirit that could be seen in picture books. Even the color of her eyes changed, being now completely golden with burning flames.

Bai Zemin did not have a chance to say anything when he saw Feng Tian Wu wave her magic staff and soon everything was changed by this seemingly simple gesture.

Everything, even beyond where the eye could see, was soon engulfed in golden flames.

The soul evolvers of the Transcendent faction were soon engulfed by these flames that rose up to their bodies and devoured them. Most of them shrieked in terror and the more desperate ones began to roll on the ground in an attempt to extinguish those flames.

There were few who after a brief moment of panic at the overwhelming magical power that covered the area regained their composure after realizing something.

It was only after several seconds of shrieks and howls filled with horror that each of the soul evolvers and allied soldiers realized that despite being surrounded by flames they were not suffering any harm or pain. The flames were just there, surrounding them just like the air that could not be seen; unharmed and unobstructed.

But could the same be said of the enemies? Unfortunately for them, this was not the case.

There was no groaning, no grunting, no roaring, and no whining.

Starting from those closest to Feng Tian Wu and spreading farther and farther away along with the growth of the Domain of the God of Fire Agni, the goblins and the mutant beasts of the marine race simply exploded into mortal spoils without leaving even bones behind. Even more terrifying, however, Bai Zemin was shocked when he saw the black ashes simply decay and vanish from existence.

Those golden flames... Bai Zemin did not know how Feng Tian Wu had obtained such a powerful skill, however, he was not optimistic enough to think that she could use this kind of power without prejudice, or else Feng Tian Wu would not have waited until now.

In fact, the power of those golden flames did not even seem to be hers. This was because Bai Zemin did not believe that Feng Tian Wu had under her control a flame more powerful than his Endless Blue Lotus Flame.

Unfortunately, Bai Zemin did not have time to stop and think too much as time was pressing.

As the Unranked, First Order, and even Second Order enemies were incinerated as the golden flames spread further and further, he kicked the ground and soared into the sky like a torpedo.

Even from a distance, when Bai Zemin narrowed his eyes he could see a figure wrapped in a large black cloak staring at him with two glowing golden eyes hidden in the darkness of the hood covering their face.

"I will kill all the goblins and sea beasts below the Third Order, I can do nothing against those who are in the same Order as me." Feng Tian Wu's voice sounded a bit echoey for some reason. When he looked down, he saw that she was staring at him. "You'll have to take care of the humans yourself."

Bai Zemin nodded. This was a settlement that he could use and it was just what he needed.

He was 5 Third Order soul evolvers short of completing the requirement of 100, but Bai Zemin didn't know if among the enemy ranks there were that many. Counting the leaders, there should only be 3. He could only pray that there were 2 more.

Bai Zemin only had about 2 and a half more months before the 1 year time limit arrived, and when that occurred he would forever lose the opportunity to obtain the Blood Mistic class while all his efforts to get it would be wasted.

Since he only wanted the best of the best, he had to work hard to have it. There was nothing free in this world, and the Soul Record was certainly making him "pay" to gain the power his breakthrough to the Second Order would provide.

With a heavy stomp on the step of air beneath his feet, Bai Zemin shot off towards the far wall of the enemy base with his eyes fixed on the cloaked figure.

The enemy was definitely a Fourth Order being, Bai Zemin had no doubt about this as even if the Demon Lord was in front of him would not be able to really threaten him considering the Blood Berserker's Wrath skill was active with two triggers at the same time.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

In a nutshell...

"My greatsword's Doom Bringer skill won't be useful against this enemy." Bai Zemin frowned as he muttered to himself.

The Doom Bringer skill was terrifying to both, the enemy and the one wielding the weapon. Sucking 30% of the wielder's Health to punish the enemy with a subsequent 50% suction; a double-edged sword in every sense of the word.

Unfortunately, Doom Bringer was limited by the Order of the wielder of the greatsword. Bai Zemin being a First Order existence, Doom Bringer's limit was Third Order existences; the Fourth Order was beyond the maximum limit.

The distance between Bai Zemin and the enemy was wide, a few tens of kilometers. Therefore, he could at least take a moment to think about what to do now that his main weapon could not be used since there was no point in wielding Blood Dragon Bringer of Doom knowing that the only one harmed would be himself.

Unfortunately, Bai Zemin had no information on the enemy other than knowing that it was a Fourth Order existence.

Male? Female? Human? Sea beast? Goblin? Mage? Assassin? Warrior? ... He knew nothing at all.

Being in complete darkness... the beginning could not have been worse.

However, Bai Zemin was never the type to fear the unknown.

Watching as the large cannon began to turn red hot and remembering what had happened earlier with Xian Mei'er, Bai Zemin knew he had to hurry so without delay he finished formulating what he thought was the most optimal plan in this case.

"Soul Manipulation."

At the wall, Thao Zhi watched his enemy with a calm expression on his hidden face. Soon, however, he couldn't help but frown slightly as he sensed the change in the aura surrounding the human male.

"Lord Thao Zhi, you are confident that you can win, right?" Xian Kun asked in a deep voice as he stroked the Cosmic Particle Cannon.

The smile on his face was no longer visible and he somehow looked quite annoyed as he stared intently at the human in the distance. This was because during this whole stupid war, his army had fallen below 50% and Xian Kun would not be able to recover from this soon considering that the overwhelming power of the other side did not allow him to go and collect the Soul Stones he had invested in the soldiers.

Unless Thao Zhi killed Bai Zemin and all the other soul evolvers, Xian Kun would probably have to retreat back to the East Sea and give up on his plan to conquer the mainland to use the land races to expand his territory in the seas.

Thao Zhi looked at Xian Kun out of the corner of his eye and said indifferently, "I will win. But it will be hard to kill this kid if he has more than 2 attacks capable of breaking the barrier of this world. I don't want to be sucked into a spatial crack and devoured by void."

Xian Kun's expression was ugly as he used his Mana to fire the Cosmic Particle Cannon.

Since that was the case then he would take care of it himself!

The lethality of the Cosmic Particle Cannon was so high that even the Fourth Order existence standing beside him would not be able to survive a shot. Xian Kun was certain that no human should be able to survive a single shot from this weapon.

As if knowing what he had in mind, Thao Zhi snorted under his breath with a glint of disdain in his eyes just an instant before a brilliant flash of red light with blue lightning shot out from the muzzle of the large cannon.

Although it was only for an instant, the light blinded everyone and the sky seemed to change color. However, when Xian Kun opened his eyes and saw the clouds in the sky opening outward with a large hole rising to the seeming infinity, he could not believe his eyesight.

"What?!"

Seeing the human still charging towards them but from a slightly different position, Thao Zhi narrowed his eyes ignoring Xian Kun's incredulous exclamation.

Thao Zhi realized that this battle was going to be a bit more complicated now that he knew he was facing an enemy with a skill similar to foresight. He always hated seer-like soul evolvers because they were really troublesome and almost impossible to kill.

As he got closer and closer, Bai Zemin couldn't help but feel frustrated.

He had only been able to dodge that attack because his Danger Sense skill, now evolved one Order thanks to Soul Manipulation, allowed him to sense and know 1 second in advance where the danger would come from. Otherwise it would have been impossible for him to dodge an attack capable of moving so fast; he had only been able to because he moved before the attack came out of the cannon, simple.

He activated Crimson Flash Lightning, receiving a nice Agility boost, and immediately after activated Overlap Regeneration.

Using 90% of his Magic points, Bai Zemin converted them into Strength and Agility gaining a tremendous boost of physical power and speed thanks to Soul Manipulation allowing him to take Regeneration and thus Overlap Regeneration one Order higher.

Since the enemy had sent his greeting then it would be rude of him not to send his own!

Bai Zemin extended his hand outward and the blood chains that followed him turned into a thick crimson spear.

Still in full motion, he tensed the muscles of his right arm and using his nearly 6000 Strength points threw it fiercely towards the enemy in the distance as a salute.

A streak of white stained the sky as the blood spear seemed to disappear from everyone's sight and the next moment there was a loud booming sound reverberating in the sky.

To everyone's eyes the blood spear simply teleported several kilometers away and under the trembling pupils of the Third Prince, Xian Kun watched helplessly as the blood spear grew larger before his eyes at speeds infinitely faster than his reaction or movement speed.

Just at that moment, an emerald green barrier appeared in the sky in front of the wall.

BOOOOOOM!!!

The blood spear struck fiercely on the emerald green barrier and after a brief moment, it exploded unable to withstand the strength with which it had been thrown and the hardness of the barrier.

Thao Zhi slowly lowered his magic staff and the emerald barrier slowly began to disappear.

Although the wall was safe, the surface rumbled constantly after being shaken by the sound of the previous explosion.

Just as Xian Kun sighed in relief, the red blood that had begun to fall from the sky after the disappearance of the emerald barrier moved strangely and in an instant dozens of thin strands swung fiercely towards his head.

Xian Kun heard a low snort and a fiery flame shot out from his side, turning all the strands of blood into a pile of white mist that was soon sent far away with the strong winds blowing in the heights.

It was at that brief moment when the Third Prince Xian Kun sighed in relief after having narrowly escaped the clutches of death and Thao Zhi turned to face Bai Zemin again that both were surprised when they realized that the Comarca Particle Canon that was right in front of them a moment before was now nowhere to be found.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3