Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 974 Soul devoured by flames

Seeing that Mystic Healing had little if any effect on Feng Tian Wu, Kang Lan's expression changed slightly and she finally realized that this might be a problem beyond what she could handle.

However, she did not give up just because one attempt of so many turned out to be unsuccessful.

"I- I... I'll try again!" Kang Lan said and gritted her teeth as she activated Mystic Healing for the second time.

One of the qualities of Mystic Healing was that it had no cooldown time but the Mana cost for each activation on the same target would just keep increasing more and more, resetting to normal consumption only after 24 hours elapsed following the first use on the target to be healed. In addition, the Health boost only worked once every 24 hours on the same target so it was not possible to abuse it either.

Even then, however, being able to activate the skill as many times as her Mana would allow was certainly amazing. It was not for nothing that Kang Lan was the most powerful healer in the entire faction despite the fact that the number of healers was not small at present.

1... 2... 3... 4... 5... 6... 7...

Silver light ray after silver light ray activated under Kang Lan's magic power and covered Feng Tian Wu's figure before disappearing into her body.

After several practically overlapping activations with no interruptions in between, a slight improvement could be seen on Feng Tian Wu's skin and Bai Zemin could feel the temperature of her body drop a little.

Unfortunately, all these improvements were insignificant and not even 20 seconds passed before she returned to her previous condition and subsequently continued getting worse.

"This is..." Kang Lan lowered her hands powerlessly as she looked at the unconscious Feng Tian Wu with an expression of shock and disbelief.

Bai Zemin's expression was serious, and after telling Kang Lan not to worry too much he frowned tightly as he realized that the situation was bad, very bad.

"Xia Ya, come here!" He turned his face and called out.

Xia Ya had been hiding behind several soul evolvers but upon hearing Bai Zemin's call she couldn't help but grimace. Even so, she obediently stepped out and walked over.

"...Leader, do I really have to?" She asked unenthusiastically.

"Just one try. If after one try it doesn't work then you don't have to do it again. Can you help me with that?" Bai Zemin said in a deep voice.

After a brief moment of silence, Xia Ya sighed heavily and without saying anything she pointed her wand at Feng Tian Wu while muttering to herself, "This is going to be painful. It's really gonna sting. I know. It's definitely going to hurt a hell of a lot."

Despite her complaints, Xia Ya used Healing of the Cursed on Feng Tian Wu.

The skill had barely been activated when everyone immediately saw Feng Tian Wu's skin turning significantly less red in an instant and the frown on her face eased a little.

However, Xia Ya's cry of pain and wailing made it clear to everyone that Feng Tian Wu was not writhing at this moment just because she was unable to do so.

The skill Healing of the Cursed of Xia Ya might not be as strong or handy as Kang Lan's Mystic Healing skill. However, this depended a lot on who the target to be healed was.

When it came to high-level soul evolvers with a lot of pure Soul Power, Xia Ya's Healing of the Cursed skill was undoubtedly much more powerful than Kang Lan's skill!

After all, Healing of the Cursed was a skill that healed by a fixed percentage!

The only drawback was that the more she used that skill the more pain Xia Ya would experience. Therefore, she preferred not to use such a skill unless there really was no other choice.

Seeing Feng Tian Wu improve, Bai Zemin's eyes lit up slightly for a moment before his expression sank once again.

"It's not good. Even though she improved, her condition is still decaying and will soon return to the previous point." He said in a serious voice as he felt the temperature of the body in his arms going up again.

Just at that moment, a person approached from a distance, and when Bai Zemin saw this person his mood immediately underwent a tremendous change.

Especially when he saw what this person was dragging.

Everyone made way as they saw Evangeline approaching, the faction members opened up like waves opening up at Moses' power and when she arrived in front of Bai Zemin she paused for a moment to look at Feng Tian Wu indifferently, ignoring her and her condition in a matter of breaths.

She put some Strength into her arm and pulled hard on the mutant beast tendon she was dragging.

With three thudding noises, three bodies fell in front of Bai Zemin.

"It took me a while to find them but I managed somehow." Evangeline said casually before clarifying, "They were fleeing, just like you said."

"Of course..." Bai Zemin looked at two of the unconscious figures and felt a surge of rage that if not for him restraining it... it would have ended his sanity. His voice was deathly cold as he slowly said, "They are both lowlife trash. You would expect nothing less from these two."

Right, the existences in front of Bai Zemin were none other than Liang Peng and the Goblin Leader whose name Bai Zemin had forgotten.

As for the third one, he ignored him. He was a triton man, and Bai Zemin assumed that he was probably part of the Third East Sea Prince's faction but was left behind and fled at the slightest sign of trouble.

"You did a good job, Evangeline." Bai Zemin nodded toward her before standing up with Feng Tian Wu in his arms. "Help me keep an eye on them... But don't kill them."

"Mm." Evangeline simply nodded indifferently before turning around and walking back to the enemy base; a base that would soon fall into the hands of their Transcendent faction.

Bai Zemin took a deep breath not to get carried away by emotions, but with nearly 1/5th of his rationality out of the game it wasn't a simple feat. Especially considering that in front of him were the two major causes behind Zhong De's death.

'I'll take my time with you... Easy and slowly.' He thought to himself before shouting loudly, "Blood Spear Legion, get ready to take over the enemy base! We do not accept surrender from anyone! Soldier or soul evolver, human or non-human... Except for normal survivors who did not oppose us don't leave anyone alive!"

They had been at war for two whole months against these enemies... No, those two months was only the amount of time Bai Zemin had joined the battle; they had been at war for about half a year against these enemies!

During all that time, they were forced to stay holed up in a base, the only fort their faction could build in Inner Mongolia. Many allies died, and many families were broken.

During this last half month in particular, they had not even been able to close their eyes once. As they looked at the bodies of their comrades bleeding out next to them, Bai Zemin's words finally became the spark that was needed for large amounts of gunpowder restrained in their hearts to explode uncontrollably.

"Kill them all!"

"Don't let those bastards get away!"

"They've been abusing their numbers all this time, it's time they got a taste of their own medicine now that they are fewer in number!"

"Avenge our fallen comrades!"

"Avenge all the women who were traded to the goblins!"

"Kill!"

"Kill!"

...

Murderous intent filled the air as the previously exhausted and drained soul evolvers burst out with newfound energy. The ground shook under the powerful stomps of each soul evolver not wanting to be late to the base, similar to a legendary beast taking its first step towards the destruction of its enemies.

No one reneged against Bai Zemin's words this time. They all needed to release the frustration and fear they had been accumulating during this past half month, especially during the past few days with no apparent end as they were surrounded by endless enemies.

"Fu Xuefeng, Kang Lan, Cai Jingyi, Nangong Yi, Luo Ning..." Bai Zemin named several people, and as he watched his troops jumping over the fallen wall or smashing the gate before starting the massacre he said in a deep voice, "Make sure our people do not make any crime. If anyone tries to rape... kill them. If anyone tries to kill innocent survivors then break their legs and apprehend them."

"Roger!"

They all nodded and immediately disappeared, outpacing the speed of the subordinate soul evolvers by far. Some rules were not allowed to break, not even Bai Zemin had the right to do that not to mention others.

...

Collector's Pocket World.

Two hours had passed in the outside world and the bloodbath still continued.

Bai Zemin did not stop his troops and let them choose how to kill the enemies even if this was something cruel and gave him a bad name in the future.

Shangguan Xinyue and Xia Ya were present and both women had been greatly shocked when Bai Zemin took them to the Collector's Pocket World for the first time.

Since he trusted Xia Ya because she had proven her loyalty to him and now was even his Loyal Follower, he had no problem with showing her this great secret.

As for Shangguan Xinyue... Bai Zemin did not trust her specifically but he trusted Shangguan Bing Xue and did not believe that Shangguan Xinyue would ever do anything to hurt her daughter or near and dear ones.

At this time, Shangguan Xinyue and Shangguan Bing Xue were resting. Both of them were taking full advantage of the time difference within this world to recover in less time from the outside world.

As for Bai Zemin and Xia Ya...

More than 50 kilometers away from the place where Bai Zemin was building his and his people's shelter.

"Thank god the treasures can't be destroyed or else this bed would have turned to ashes by now." Bai Zemin sighed as he looked ahead.

In his treasure bed, Feng Tian Wu lay with her eyes closed and without movement except for the slight rise and fall of her chest with each breath.

In fact, all the grass in the surrounding area had died and the trees were beginning to wither. At this rate, it would be a matter of time before this place would become a sea of flames if Feng Tian Wu's body temperature continued to rise uncontrollably.

"Leader... do I really have to?" Xia Ya sighed.

"At least for now." Bai Zemin nodded firmly.

"... Okay..."

Feng Tian Wu's skin was still so red that it was scary, but thanks to Xia Ya, it hadn't worsened to a great extent. Even so, using Healing of the Cursed was far from an optimal solution as the rate at which Feng Tian Wu was getting worse was higher in comparison.

After a minute of silence, Bai Zemin looked at the beautiful porcelain doll sitting in a wheelchair and asked in a low voice, "Kali, can you see anything?"

"This person's soul is being consumed," Kali said in an emotionless voice as she kept her face in Feng Tian Wu's direction.

"Her soul is being consumed?" Bai Zemin was very astonished and quickly asked, "What do you mean by that?"

"Just as it sounds." Kali calmly replied. "This woman, Feng Tian Wu, is being consumed from the inside. Her soul is getting overheated, probably a rebound from the skill you told me she used during the war."

"This..." Bai Zemin was shocked as he stared at the woman on the bed intently. "Why the hell did she use that skill then?"

"Probably because she's stupid?" Xia Ya shrugged her shoulders, but when she was glared at by Bai Zemin she quickly shut her mouth and looked away.

Bai Zemin frowned tightly.

He didn't believe that Feng Tian Wu didn't know the consequences of using such a strong skill; the Soul Record always made it clear when there were benefits and punishments in the records of each skill.

But... Why did she use that domain? Even though he had asked for her help she didn't have to go this far, had she?

"Isn't there some way to help her?" Bai Zemin asked in a deep voice.

Feng Tian Wu was a powerful soul evolver, a great asset to his faction. She was an undeniable genius and if possible Bai Zemin would rather not lose such a genius so early when there were so many things to do and so many wars to fight.

"Well, I'm not a doctor but..." Kali hesitated before slowly saying, "Since her soul is burning due to high temperatures, wouldn't it help to cool it with something?"Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Cool it with something...

Bai Zemin smiled bitterly and shook his head.

Souls were mysterious things that no one dared to play with. A single wrong move could result in irreparable damage or even death.

How was he supposed to know how to cool Feng Tian Wu's soul? He couldn't even touch her soul at all or at least reach it...

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3