Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 975 Merciless

Bai Zemin could do nothing about Feng Tian Wu's situation.

Even with Kali pointing out what the problem was, he had no way of reaching the affected soul to "cool" it as Kali had suggested.

Furthermore, Bai Zemin knew that this cooling was not as simple as putting some ice on a burn but probably had to be done with a special skill or even a treasure.

Unfortunately, Bai Zemin did not have or know anyone with the ability to do such a thing.

Therefore, at least temporarily, he could only put this matter aside. Of course, he would only partially set it aside and stay alert and attentive in search of anything that might help to bring Feng Tian Wu out of her current condition.

She had done a lot for the faction, and as Leader of that faction, it was Bai Zemin's duty to respond back to his subordinates.

Immediately after leaving the Collector's Pocket World without even bothering to stay to recover from his wounds, Bai Zemin headed for a place in the open field within the walls.

In this place relatively far away from everything, Evangeline was waiting for him and when Bai Zemin arrived his eyes immediately focused on the three figures lying on the ground passed out.

"Looks like you had some fun with them." Bai Zemin commented.

"...Your words could be misunderstood so stop saying it. Thank you." Surprisingly, Evangeline played a little joke with him.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"That's new." Bai Zemin looked at her with a raised eyebrow.

Evangeline said nothing more but simply turned to leave. However, she had only taken a few steps when Bai Zemin's next words made her stop.

"After we properly finish with all this problem we will head for Russia. We will take their territory and kill whoever we have to kill... Be it saint or be it demon."

Evangeline stood silently for about five seconds before she continued her steps without another word.

Bai Zemin watched as her blonde hair tied in a ponytail swayed with each step she took until she disappeared from his line of sight before finally turning his eyes to two of the three fainting figures a meter in front of him.

He directly ignored the male triton.

His blood-red eyes seemed to turn even redder as his stare fell on the bodies of Liang Peng and Kreir. All the rage he had been holding back as much as possible burst out and with what little sanity he had left Bai Zemin grabbed the Third Order mutant beast tendon that tied the three stocks together and returned to the Collector's Pocket World.

There was nothing but trees and green grass under the vast blue sky. This was the place where Bai Zemin had last been before returning to the outside world.

He had moved far away from the house and the place where Feng Tian Wu was lying unconscious exactly because he had already planned his next move.

... If possible, Bai Zemin did not want anyone to see what he was going to do.

Looking at the three unconscious existences, Bai Zemin untied them and put away the incredibly tough tendon. Then, he looked at the male triton and without warning kicked him in the stomach.

BOOM!

The male triton flew backwards and his body rolled along the ground for over 200 meters before crashing into a giant tree.

"Ugh..."

The merfolk frowned with a pained expression on his face as he slowly got to his feet. However, his movements froze when he noticed a shadow towering over him, and when he raised his head he found a human male surrounded by a golden light staring at him coldly with red eyes like those of a demon.

It was then that the merfolk remembered that he had been captured by a human after a short battle in which he received a cut with a knife filled with a strange poison that left him paralyzed.

At this critical juncture where his life was at stake, the triton opened his mouth wide and the mana in his body trembled at the imminent activation of a powerful magical skill.

Unfortunately, Bai Zemin had no intention of spending his time on an enemy he didn't care about... No, this enemy was very important to him but in a very different way.

The effect of Soul Manipulation was still active, and Bai Zemin didn't want to risk too much knowing that his injuries were not light.

BOOOOM!!!

With a mighty punch wrapped in a blood gauntlet, the head of the triton exploded into a bloody pile of pulp with skull splinters flying everywhere and brain matter sticking to pieces of wood that came off the tree on the verge of collapsing.

Bai Zemin pulled back his fist and kept the corpse in his storage ring before turning and walking back to Liang Peng and Kreir.

"Four more to go..."

He only needed to kill four more Third Order enemies to complete the requirement of 100.

And considering that Bai Zemin had his next two victims right in front of him it was not wrong to say that he only needed 2 more to finish.

Bai Zemin stared at the two in silence, he glared at them both as if he wanted to etch their appearances firmly into his soul before doing what he was about to do.

There were practically no wounds on them, the most striking thing would be the cut near their necks. Evangeline had certainly used a powerful skill to disable Third Order soul evolvers.

But Bai Zemin wasn't too surprised. She was Evangeline after all.

After about five minutes, he opened his mouth and said indifferently, "If you two want to keep playing asleep then let me see how much you can keep pretending, you fucking retards."

With a thought, Bai Zemin replaced his Strength with Magic and with his magic power now soaring into the clouds activated Gravity Manipulation x60 around the duo.

BANG!

The ground caved in and a large crater formed.

Rumble...!!!!

The surrounding atmosphere rumbled and part of the sky seemed to be about to fall.

"Agh!"

"Ugh!"

Two loud groans were almost completely silenced by the loud noise of nature crying out at the gravitational surge in the area.

The pain that Liang Peng and Goblin Leader Kreir were experiencing was not small considering that the gravity of the Collector's Pocket World was higher than the Earth's gravity!

Bai Zemin stopped the effect of his skill as he saw the two of them squirming like worms and casually kicked their legs without using too much force, "Get up you two, now."

Liang Peng and Kreir looked into each other's eyes, both noticing the fear in the other's eyes.

The two of them had seen what Bai Zemin was capable of. He could kill Third Order soul evolvers as if shooting ducks with a battle tank.

It was precisely because of this and because they had seen how Bai Zemin could take on the mysterious figure that seemed to be the true backing of the Third Prince Xian Kun that Liang Peng and Kreir decided to flee as soon as they had the chance to do it.

But what neither of them expected was that this "opportunity" had actually been presented by the enemy on purpose. The two of them had not gotten too far before they had to face the terrifying golden-haired assassin who in a very short time reduced them as if they were infants.

Liang Peng was the first to stand up albeit with shaky movements.

Messy beard, pale face, small pupils, messed up hair... and finally, trembling voice.

"B- Bai Zemin... You... Y- You, wh-what do you want... want to do?"

Bai Zemin looked at this man who before the apocalypse was in charge of the security of the university he attended and said nothing for a few seconds.

"Liang Peng, are you scared? You're trembling."

That's right, this former ally of his was scared out of his mind. From his appearance to his eyes and voice, all of these characteristics were a sign of someone scared of something.

Liang Peng said nothing but gulped as he looked around the surroundings for a place to flee to... Little did he know that there was no place to flee to in this world, all connection to the outside world existed by and for Bai Zemin's will.

Bai Zemin turned his attention to the Goblin Leader whose name he did not remember... But he did remember his appearance and general characteristics.

Kreir was barely getting to his feet when he felt an overwhelming surge of pain, and as he looked down he couldn't help but get terrified.

BOOM!!!!

"AH!!!"

Kreir screamed. No, he howled like a wounded beast as his left leg from the knee down exploded into a pile of bloody mist.

Liang Peng subconsciously took several steps back with an even paler face as his teeth began to clack steadily.

As Kreir rolled on the ground in pain and clutched at the upper half of his leg, his eyes almost popped out of their sockets as they were so wide. His expression was fierce not of anger but of terror and pain as he stared at the rest of it!

"I told you I never wanted to see your fucking face again and then I let you go. But I see now I made a big mistake by thinking that you, shitty creatures, could ever come to understand the language of us intelligent beings." Bai Zemin said in a cold voice. His Mana burst outward and his magic power boosted the terror of Blood Manipulation and with a thunderous explosion, the upper half of the Goblin Leader's left leg turned into a bloody mist just as the lower half had done seconds before.

"I did it! I fucking did it!! I disappeared from your territory just how you asked!!!" Kreir roared in pain as he writhed with his face practically deformed as a result of the pain he was feeling.

Bai Zemin had enhanced the Goblin Leader's entire body's pain sensors using Blood Manipulation so the pain Kreir was feeling was simply immense to the point of driving him to the brink of insanity!

"I left the place!! I ran up north and never bothered you again!!!"

Bai Zemin's expression remained impassive and with a single thought on his part, nearly 6000 Magic points accompanied Blood Manipulation towards the enemy's lower right leg.

BOOM!!!!

"When I said leave my territory I meant my homeland you retarded piece of shit." Bai Zemin muttered as Kreir fell on his back with a high-pitched howl that surely damaged his vocal cords.

After the lower right leg followed the upper right leg, then it was the fingers of the left hand followed by the fingers of the right hand, a minute later Kreir's left forearm was gone and another minute later the right forearm experienced the same fate.

Kreir was no longer shrieking but was currently laughing out loud with wide eyes and a twisted expression on his face. The tears that fell in quantities from his wide-open eyes fused with green mucus and a torrent of slime ran from his mouth.

Pain could really drive someone crazy, soul evolver or not.

Liang Peng knew that if he stood there his fate wasn't going to be much better, and when he looked at his ally's miserable condition he immediately knew he didn't want to experience the same destiny.

Every muscle in his body swelled and his size grew to twice its normal size. With a heavy stomp, the ground beneath his feet sank ponderously and his figure shot off into the distance like a cannonball piercing through two giant trees in the process but not caring about anything but running away.

Fight? As if!

Liang Peng was a Third Order soul evolver of level 128, powerful in his own right and with qualifications to be proud of. However, he still vividly remembered what Bai Zemin was capable of doing with his monstrous power while they were still in college!

If it wasn't possible before then Liang Peng naturally wasn't stupid enough to want to fight now after seeing how strong the same Bai Zemin had grown!

The intention was right but the result wouldn't necessarily show a reward.

Swoosh! Swoosh!

Feeling two swift gusts of wind approaching, Liang Peng was quick to realize that he needed to do something before it was too late and despite not having his main weapon present he certainly didn't give up in the face of adversity.

"Beast Fist!"

With a roar as fierce as his expression, Liang Peng abruptly turned around and slammed his two fists forward without holding back at all.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!....

The weight of his fists was such that every inch they advanced caused the air to blast and disturbed the surrounding atmosphere.

Swoosh! Swoosh!

The two blood chains with spear-like pointed ends coiled like snakes in the air, easily avoiding Liang Peng's predictable attack and fiercely hitting both his left and right shoulder.

BOOM!!! BOOM!!!

"Bai Zemin, you son of a bitch!"

Liang Peng cursed in the midst of the pain he felt.

His body was sent flying and two streams of blood spurted out from his shoulders.

BANG!!!

A crater over 30 meters in diameter formed on the ground as Liang Peng's body was ferociously pinned by the two chains with pointed ends that had pierced his tough skin from side to side seemingly ignoring the high defense that his Silver Skin skill granted him.

As he twisted and activated skills in not too successful attempts to escape, Liang Peng saw something flying towards him... and when he focused his eyes on the sky, his pupils trembled slightly.

With a thud, Goblin Leader Kreir's head fell right next to him. The expression on Kreir's face had become so twisted that even Liang Peng would not be able to recognize him if not for the fact that he knew it was Kreir, and judging by the look in his eyes it was clear that his now former ally had died a gruesome death.

Liang Peng was sure that Bai Zemin had not decapitated him... but that this head was probably the only thing left of Kreir.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3