Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 984 The power of the legendary Anti-Magic Domain

When Thao Zhi's magic skill shot out towards Bai Zemin, the powerful Fourth Order alligator thought that what he would be seeing would be an outcome at least somewhat similar to the one before when the entire enemy group went into chaos with some of them getting injured.

However, what happened next caused his eyes to gradually widen and his reptilian pupils to shrink fiercely.

With Bai Zemin as its center, a globe of strange energy invisible to the naked eye shot outward until it reached a maximum of 100 meters.

When the tip of the magic spear, the skill Bright Water Spear cast by Thao Zhi a second ago, touched the edge of that invisible energy bubble, the spear exploded like an egg hitting a wall and bright particles of mana illuminated by magic power shone on the bottom of the once again agitated sea.

"... Eh."

A very soft but somehow clear sound of confusion and bewilderment came out of Thao Zhi's half-open mouth as he stared at Bai Zemin in shock.

What the... What the hell had just happened...

"... Poison Water Swords." Thao Zhi muttered with his eyes still wide open as he pointed his magic staff forward.

Swoosh!

From a magic circle 10 meters in diameter, a strange energy that turned a small part of the water into deep purple swords covered a part of the sea in front of Thao Zhi, and an instant later there were over 100 poisonous water swords that shot towards Bai Zemin and Kong Jun that were at the front of the group.

Bai Zemin took out Annihilation of the Falling Sky in the form of a golden whip and waited standing in the water with an indifferent expression.

After the enemy's magic swords began to break into the 100-meter area around him, the domain power that was once used by the legendary Barbarian King millions of years ago and terrified all the mages in the universe went into effect.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! ...

For each explosion of each poisonous water sword formed from the magic cast by Thao Zhi, Bai Zemin received a green-lettered message in his retinas.

[Effect 'Anti-Magic' has been successfully triggered and you have nullified an enemy magic skill.]

[Anti-Magic' effect has been successfully triggered and you have nullified an enemy magic skill.]

[Anti-Magic' effect has been successfully triggered...]

[Anti-Magic' effect has been successfully triggered...]

...

However, not all of the poisonous water swords were nullified when they came into contact with the invisible energy bubble around him.

Swoosh! Swoosh!

Swoosh! Swoosh!

Swoosh! Swoosh!

Swoosh! Swoosh!

...

Approximately half of the poison water swords managed to pierce past the invisible energy bubble and continued on their way to Bai Zemin and Kong Jun.

However, even though about 50% of the poison water swords managed to penetrate the Anti-Magic Domain, the magic power contained in each sword fell and their sizes were abruptly halved.

Although Bai Zemin's attack speed had dropped tremendously because of the pressure of the sea on his body, hitting 100 times in one second was still something within his range. He swung Annihilation of the Falling Sky, triggering terrifying water explosions once he activated Overlap Regeneration and using 90% of his Stamina to boost his Strength and Agility tremendously, bringing his Strength stat a bit below the level he had when he was under the effect of two triggers of the skill Blood Berserker's Wrath without the use of Overlap Regeneration.

Despite having less than half the Strength compared to his previous battle against Thao Zhi, it was more than enough to briefly create water drains in the sea, and every time the golden whip hit a poison water sword, it was immediately shattered.

Not even two seconds had passed, but under Thao Zhi's now wide-open eyes, another of his magical skills had been completely nullified and the scariest thing of all was that the enemy had not even suffered a scratch.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Bai Zemin retracted his whip and with a single thought made Annihilation of the Falling Sky turn into a two-handed heavy sword. His eyes looked at Thao Zhi with indifference as he calmly said, "Everyone, remember that each of us has a task to do."

Without waiting for a reply, he kicked the step of water under his feet that had formed in the same way that the steps of air he used to move through the sky formed and with the speed of a torpedo dashed toward his enemy without giving him time to think about what was happening.

Kong Jun did not stand idly by either as with a loud explosion that formed an air bubble of over 50 meters around him he exploded with great speed, even surpassing Bai Zemin in terms of starting acceleration.

"You stay back." Theo Zhi barked behind in a deep voice before waving his right hand outward.

Around 200 large golden magic circles appeared on the bottom of the sea illuminating the entire area immediately as his magic power burst outwards.

"Electric Viper!"

From inside the magic circles, what appeared to be at least 400 golden mutant snakes with flashes of golden lightning crackling around their bodies whose length reached a hundred meters rushed out towards Bai Zemin and Kong Jun.

However, the approximately 400 electric snakes had barely left the golden magic circles when their movement speed plummeted.

Not only the electric snakes but even Thao Zhi who was moving to stay away from his enemies so that he could exploit his power as a mage had a great change in his expression when looking at his body he noticed a faint layer of ice covering his limbs and even the entire sea area showed signs of frostbite.

Out of the corner of his eye, Thao Zhi managed to make out Shangguan Bing Xue standing more than 500 meters away with her right hand pointing outward, and from her palm, there was a large amount of frost-like energy constantly being released.

Unfortunately, despite knowing who the culprit behind the abrupt drop in his Agility was, Thao Zhi had bigger problems to deal with.

Bai Zemin and Kong Jun advanced side by side, and when the electric snakes came into contact with the invisible energy bubble surrounding the two with Bai Zemin as its center, they all suffered one of two fates.

Some simply exploded and golden particles floated in the sea for a brief moment before disappearing.

The rest had their size halved after coming into contact with the invisible energy, and all of those that charged towards Bai Zemin were shattered when he hit the weak points of the magic that shaped them with his greatsword.

As for Kong jun, he was a lot straighter.

BOOM!!! BOOM!!!! BOOM!!!! BOOM!!!! BOOM!!!! ...

His body was struck by at least a hundred electric snakes and his figure disappeared amidst millions of giant bubbles that covered even Bai Zemin and 500 meters of the sea around them churned fiercely.

Swoosh! Swoosh!

Thao Zhi had no time to relax as two silhouettes shot out from within the countless bubbles caused by the previous explosions, swooshing towards him with determination.

A strange midnight-black exoskeleton armor was now covering Kong Jun's body, barely exposing part of the mask that allowed him to breathe being where his eyes were. There was no damage on him and his speed was not reduced either.

Thanks to the invisible energy surrounding Bai Zemin and thus Kong Jun, the frost released by Shangguan Bing Xue did not affect them practically at all as her magic was directly destroyed by the domain.

Bai Zemin did not dare to use Crimson Flame let alone Endless Blue Lotus Flame on the bottom of the sea as it might cause a terrifying explosion from which no one would come out unscathed. Therefore, he raised his greatsword above his head and with an ice-cold expression swung downward as if he wanted to break his enemy's head in two.

BOOOOOOOOM!!!

The sea shook and for a brief moment, there was a vacuum bubble in which all water was expelled as a result of the powerful explosion.

However, although Thao Zhi's expression was not at all agreeable, he did not receive the slightest damage as between him and Bai Zemin was a glowing emerald green barrier that shuddered after receiving the blow from the golden greatsword head-on but did not even crack a little.

This was one of the drawbacks of the Anti-Magic Domain, or rather, it was a drawback that Bai Zemin had to accept since his Order of power limited him greatly.

-------

[Anti-Magic Domain (Seventh Order passive/active skill) level 5: Using the universal law of physical force releases the power of said law covering a sphere where all magic will suffer the power of the physical force of the universe. The range of the anti-magic sphere depends on the user's Strength stat.]

[Nullifies with a 100% chance all magic activated by enemies that are in the same Order as the user within the Anti-Magic Domain or that come in contact with the sphere formed by the universal law of physical force.]

[Nullifies with a 100% chance all attack, defense, and restrictive type magic of enemies that are 1 Order above the user.]

[Nullifies with a 75% chance all attack and restrictive type magic of enemies that are 2 Orders above the user.]

[Nullifies with a 50% chance all attack-type magic of enemies that are 3 Orders above the user.]

[All magic capable of penetrating beyond the universal law of physical force will be affected, experiencing a 50% drop in power with a maximum of up to 4 Orders above the user.]

[The user can use their eyes to see the weak points of attack-type magic launched by the enemy, thus allowing them to shatter it almost at will each time said magic comes into contact with the anti-magic sphere.]

[It consumes 900 Stamina points to activate and 20 Stamina points per second to sustain it active. The skill has a cooldown time of 24 hours but can be kept active indefinitely as long as the user's Stamina is high enough to support the drain.]

-------

It was true that the power of the Anti-Magic Domain was somehow not what Bai Zemin expected, but this did not mean that he was disappointed and in fact, he accepted it in his heart.

In fact, it would have been even odder if Bai Zemin, being a First Order soul evolver, was able to simply nullify all magic at will; such a thing was simply absurd.

The reason why the Barbarian King's Anti-Magic Domain was feared in the past was because the Barbarian King himself was an Eighth Order soul evolver and thanks to his high soul league there was no magic capable of breaking his domain, but Bai Zemin was yet in the First Order.

Even limited by his Order, the power of the domain that in the past could only be used by the Barbarian King who in his time of life possessed terrifying physical strength and was unable to use Mana made Bai Zemin feel terrified of having to face an enemy with such skill.

Certainly, the disbelief and fear that Bai Zemin saw in Thao Zhi's eyes as he unsuccessfully tried to break through the magical barrier was proof of this factor.

"World Breaker."

Hearing a somewhat robotic and emotionless voice, Thao Zhi's pupils trembled fiercely when he saw the ant from before appearing right in front of him with the defensive barrier as the only separation.

RUMBLE.....!!!

A blood red light covered Kong Jun's right fist, and with a speed that simply left a crimson flash on the bottom of the sea, he punched without holding back at all.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!

A huge sphere of vacuum opened outward with Kong Jun's fist and the place he had struck as its center, blowing out all the water with such force that sizable waves rose to the surface despite the fact that they were currently fighting more than 3000 meters below sea level.

Wu Yijun made use of her skill Hydrokinesis to prevent the turbulent waters from affecting her team without worrying about the high Mana consumption as she knew this was a battle destined to be over in minutes at the most.

Xian Mei'er and Meng Qi looked at each other for a second before nodding back in between. The two women shot forward at full speed with their eyes fixed on Third Prince Xian Kun who watched everything from a distance.

Shangguan Binxue continued to expend her Mana to partially freeze part of the sea, and although she could not control the parts she wanted to affect since she did not have Ice Manipulation, what she could do was focus more on some parts to affect the enemies more and less to her allies in comparison.

Shangguan Xinyue stood beside her daughter acting as a bodyguard, and Evangeline was simply nowhere to be seen.

"Ugh!" Thao Zhi's expression wrinkled tightly as his magic barrier was covered in cracks after being smashed by the mutant ant's fierce punch.

He knew that weaver ants were a terrifying species. But the ant in front of him was on a completely different level to the point where he couldn't help but wonder if he would really be able to beat him in a 1vs1 even at his peak!

Fortunately, Thao Zhi had made enough preparations this time.

He refused to believe that the kids before him could possibly stop him!

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3