Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

At the same time as Bai Zemin lashed out with 'Rumbling the Heavens, Shaking the Earth' towards Thao Zhi, Shangguan Bing Xue activated Divine Speed and Crimson Lightning Flash. She turned into a flash of silver light, disappearing from her position in an instant and moving towards where she trusted Bai Zemin would send the enemy.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!

Thao Zhi's eyes burst open as if they were about to explode, and at the same time as 5 or 6 of his ribs turned to dust, he coughed up blood with fragments of inner organs as he flew backwards with no control of his body.

Despite the overwhelming pain, Thao Zhi's Danger Sense skill alerted him and with wide eyes, he gazed as the human female from before slashed with her sword ferociously towards him.

BOOOOM!!!

Shangguan Bing Xue's sword turned into a deep blue flash and with a speed that seemed impossible to follow it slashed ferociously towards the unprotected caiman's head.

Thao Zhi flew to the bottom of the sea with the speed of a torpedo and several scales on his head were sliced into pieces while his brain trembled fiercely.

"Bing Xue!" 

"I know!"

Neither of them needed to say more, they both knew what they had to do. Shangguan Bing Xue might have lost her crowd control capabilities as a result of the Anti-Magic Domain, but one could not forget that she was a genius soul evolver for both magic use and melee combat!

Moreover, with the practically transcendent understanding that Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue shared on the battlefield, she was undoubtedly the perfect partner for him!

To say that the two of them were a perfect duo was not an exaggeration at all.

However, neither of them was naive enough to think that the battle was over.

Indeed, even though they both hurried at the same time and chased after the enemy, a fluctuation of magic coming from behind caused both of them to turn abruptly just in time to see Thao Zhi's body materializing at the same time as a magic circle shimmered on the bottom of the sea and disappeared.

The blood coming out of Thao Zhi's body was not only not dissolved by the sea water but was actually causing him a lot of problems and dreadful pains under the constant effect of Bai Zemin's skill.

Wide-eyed from both the pain and fury he felt, Thao Zhi directly spent 2000 Mana points and roared, "Apocalyptic Tornado!!!" 

At the same time, Meng Qi opened her eyes and shouted joyfully, "Big brother, it's done!"

Bai Zemin's eyes lit up under his mask as he listened to the Third Prince's shouts and curses.

"Argh fuck! What is this thing?!" Xian Kun was shocked as his body was chained and sealed by a series of glowing purple chains. Not only could he not move at all, but every time he tried to break the chains all he achieved was nothing!

"Xian Mei'er, get my sister out of this place!" Bai Zemin shouted in an urgent voice.

He didn't have time to deal with that because the skill that Thao Zhi had activated was troublesome and even the Anti-Magic Domain couldn't completely negate it as this time he was using the seawater to form a large tornado that was advancing towards him and Shangguan Bing Xue.

The Anti-Magic Domain could nullify magic but it did not affect the result of being hit by a natural element like water!

"Understood!" Xian Mei'er did not dispute at the fact that she was being ordered. She mounted a flood dragon, and thanks to Meng Qi being understanding she began to quickly ride away with her two bodyguards, "I'll be waiting for you at the entrance of royal city!"

"Big brother, you definitely have to come back safely!" Meng Qi cried in a voice filled with fear.

They had already done their part. There was nothing more they could do here. Staying any longer would only make them nuisances.

Seeing the tornado at least 2000 meters high and no less than 700 meters in diameter moving towards them, Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue realized that they needed to do something as the rotational force of the tornado was causing their bodies to start moving along with the water directly towards the center of the phenomenon.

"Raging Whirlwind!" Wu Yijun gritted her teeth and activated Hydrokinesis again. Her face was pale as although she had not participated in the battle directly it had been she the one that had controlled the surrounding waters to prevent Bai Zemin and the rest from being affected by the consequences of their attacks under the sea.

Under her magic control, a tornado of water began to spin, reaching up to 800 meters in height and just over 300 in diameter. It was simply incomparable to Thao Zhi's tornado, but it was understandable given the difference in magical power between the two.

Shangguan Xinyue could not make full use of her power underwater as her main skill only allowed her to control one climate in this location. 

She controlled the low temperatures to freeze some of the enemy tornado's water, weakening its power to some extent. At the same time, she activated Electric World at the center of the tornado launched by Wu Yijun, strengthening it by adding more magical power and using the purple lightning to whip the enemy's magic.UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

RUMBLE...!!!

The sea rumbled and even the bottom shook as the water and lightning tornado collided head-on with the tornado about twice its size and whose color was as black as the night itself.

Unfortunately, this stalemate did not even last two seconds as Thao Zhi's magical power was simply too high and his Mana reserve was still large, unlike Wu Yijun who was beginning to run out of fuel.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!

The water and lightning tornado exploded and the water swirled even more, shaking the bodies of everyone except Thao Zhi who was able to stand his ground thanks to his kind that helped him move through the water with ease.

Bai Zemin rushed forward without hesitation and Shangguan Bing Xue immediately followed a step behind.

They both understood that they had to seize the opportunity that Wu Yijun and Shangguan Xinyue had gained.

It was going to be much easier to deal with the Apocalyptic Tornado now that it had weakened, but if they didn't hurry the power of the skill would increase again since there was water everywhere!

[Effect 'Anti-Magic' has been successfully triggered and you have nullified an enemy magic skill.]

Bai Zemin rejoiced in his heart as when the skill entered the area of effect of his domain the magic of the tornado was canceled. However, this did not mean that the tornado itself had disappeared.

He allowed himself to be drawn into the eye of the storm and with a fierce swing from back to front struck Annihilation of the Falling Sky against the tornado wall: "Rumbling the Heavens, Shaking the Earth!!!"

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!

...

Shangguan Bing Xue struggled against the water pressure and the subway waves trying to shake her body. When the water tornado exploded after being blown by Bai Zemin's physical attack, she rushed past him and planned to use the bubbles and out-of-control water as cover to attack the enemy. However, she suddenly saw a flash of red light flying towards her and her movements froze.

It was all too fast, not even a second had passed since she had passed Bai Zemin when Shangguan Bing Xue felt a hand on her shoulder and before she could do anything her body was sent flying to the left by  Strength she couldn't fight against.

"DIE!!!" Thao Zhi roared with bloodshot eyes.

He was furious, annoyed beyond explanation! 

Therefore, he used the power of his trump card again even though he believed it was not necessary. His mind had become clouded and he wanted nothing more than to make his enemies suffer, to finish them off in the worst possible way had become his goal!

It would all be over in a second now!

"It's not that easy to kill me!" Bai Zemin extended both hands forward and activated the power of the third skill he had made go up in Order when he activated Soul Manipulation.

...

Thao Zhi stared with a fierce smile on his face as the waters of the sea were dyed red under the powerful crimson glow of the energy beam shot from the bottom of the waters.

1... 2 ... 3 ...

Under her mask, Shangguan Bing Xue's face was so white that it was terrifying. She watched in a daze as the glow of light from the crimson energy beam covered the entire area.

The energy beam was as thick as a large building, it was impossible to completely dodge it unless one could move at absurdly high speeds.

Her lips moved but no sound came out of her mouth other than a small whimper.

She was in shock as she looked at the place where Bai Zemin had been before.

Shangguan Bing Xue's brain had not yet understood or processed what had just happened, it was difficult for her to associate Bai Zemin with the words death and defeat. However, the two rows of crystalline tears that fell from her numb eyes as she stared straight ahead seemed to suggest that she knew in her heart that it was impossible to survive in front of something like that.

Shangguan Xinyue was in a daze as well while looking at the flash of bright light, but unlike her daughter, she closed her eyes after the first three seconds and sighed sorrowfully. However, she opened them again a moment later and a fierce glint shone in her gaze.

Things had already reached a point of no return. Shangguan Xinyue had raised Shangguan Bing Xue alone, had seen her grow up, and was certainly not going to see her die.

Her daughter was going to bury her corpse or not, not the other way around!

After about 5 seconds, Thao Zhi sent a remote command and at the same time as the beam power gradually weakened he began to laugh.

"Hahahaha! Even if you are a genius, so what?! At the end of the day you can't-"

Suddenly, Thao Zhi's words got stuck in his throat and his eyes almost popped out of their sockets while looking ahead.

"What... What's that..." He muttered with wide eyes as he stared at what appeared to be a pure white sphere about 10 centimeters in diameter.

"If you want to kill me first you'll have to leave several teeth behind!" Bai Zemin gritted his teeth and tried to ignore his current state and the pain that overwhelmed him.

Thao Zhi's face could not turn pale, or at least it could not be seen since there were scales covering his skin. However, his face certainly would have turned deathly pale if it were possible when he saw that white sphere suddenly turn red.

"White Hole: Expel Energy!"

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3