Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

There were many things Lilith did not know about the universe, which was completely normal considering that the universe was older than any living thing... Well, maybe the Soul Record was as old as the universe but such a thing was impossible to know for sure.

After all, the Soul Record was a mystery of equal or even greater magnitude than the universe.

However, the more she learned the more she realized how small her existence was.

She was the Bloody Succubus Lilith, feared and worshipped by countless in the most optimal sense of the word. A Sixth Order Higher Existence with a battle power comparable to that of an archangel or general demon.

And yet, even though the number of living beings capable of standing up to her in the entire universe was so small, she realized day after day that she was no more than an insignificant speck of dust that the natural wind of life could shake to and fro at will.

Approximately 50 minutes later, Lucifer returned and Lilith saw the other Leaders of Higher Existences using their pagodas to teleport out of the Wall of Chaos.

Fire Sorrow approached him and after exchanging a few words using whispers that only they could hear she turned to look at the waiting troops.

Some members of the Demonic Army were standing on the highest part of the castle, some were on the walls, and some were in the courtyard, but most of them were hovering in the outer space around the fortress with black raven-like wings moving behind their backs.

"Most of us here are at least several tens of thousands of years old so we already know what we will face. Even if the war came 10 years earlier than expected, it's not news to us what will come out of the Abyssal Rift nor is the fact that at least 10% of everyone here will lose their lives." 

Fire Sorrow's voice was not too loud, but everyone heard it clearly.

Most of those present, those whom Fire Sorrow was talking to, had serious expressions on their faces. Some of them subconsciously tightened their grip on their weapons as they recalled events of the last war against the beings living beyond the Abyssal Rift, and for the first time in her life, Lilith saw the proud Higher Existences always looking down on all life showing signs of fear.

Not enough to make them flee, but enough to make it clear that the enemy was really strong.

"However, there are many brothers and sisters who joined our Demonic Army less than ten thousand years ago, therefore, they don't know much about the current situation." Fire Sorrow looked at Lilith for a moment before continuing, "The first thing you need to know is that the enemy faction comes from a place called The Golden Domain. As for what The Golden Domain is like, what lies beyond the Abyssal Rift... I'm afraid that's a question no one can answer since we don't even know what this place called The Golden Domain is, to begin with. The only reason we know the name of the place where our enemies live is because they can communicate with us, but don't expect to get much information from them as you will end up disappointed."

Lilith, like all the relatively new members of the Demonic Army, had many questions. However, she kept quiet trying to absorb as much information as possible to have a better chance of surviving what was to come. 

She couldn't fall here no matter what... Not now that she was finally being happy again.

Lucifer looked at everyone with a serious expression that many were seeing for the first time and said in a deep voice, "Our enemy's goal is simple; to kill us. They treat us as harvest, but what little do they know is that in the end, they will end up running away with their tails between their legs as usual. We have two goals, both of which are easy to understand but perhaps not easy to achieve; kill as many enemies as possible and survive."

Lucifer and Fire Sorrow passed the microphone to each other, both spent over 2 hours trying to give as much information as possible to the members of the Demonic Army that they thought might become essential in battle.

"Finally, two things I want you all to keep in your heads." Lucifer soared above everyone flapping four pairs of wings as black as night and said in a deep voice, "First, those who survive this time will probably go up a few levels and become much stronger. Second... Even though our enemies look like us, you can consider them as completely different beings. Dogs if you want."

"Let's fight and survive, everyone." Fire Sorrow nodded before beginning to prepare multiple magical arrays all over the place with the help of other old mages.

Time passed, and in what for these beings who could theoretically live until the end of time was no different than the blink of an eye, two weeks flew by.

The stat 'Stamina' of the Higher Existences would not drop even 1 point even if they did not sleep for many years as long as they did not do anything great. Therefore, no one slept but stood attentively gazing into the ever-growing Abyssal Rift with Lucifer and the generals of the Demonic Army in front.

Two weeks after arriving at the Chaos Wall, the signal that the war was about to begin came naturally without anyone having to do anything at all.

Rumble...

The distant but not-so-distant Abyssal Rift began to shake with increasing frequency and force to the point where the entire universe seemed to be rumbling.

Lucifer ordered all members of the faction to stand back and stay on the castle walls while he himself moved forward.

"What is he doing?" Lilith asked with a frown. "Don't tell me he wants to fight alone?"

Could it be that after not sleeping for half a month the great Demon Lord had gone mad? This was the question that the newest members of the Demon Army were pondering in their hearts.

"There is no way I can single-handedly win," Lucifer replied from a distance as he kept his eyes on the large crimson mouth. "Although I am considered one of the 8 most powerful beings in the universe, even I can die. Not for nothing did I form a faction you know? The strength of a single individual can only do that much."

After a few seconds of silence and just as what appeared to be a human leg emerged from inside the rift, Lucifer said in a low but extremely clear voice to most.

"But... I think I can at least give our uninvited guests a nice welcome."

Though she had been warned and somewhat expected it, Lilith's ruby eyes widened slightly as the first invader finally arrived on the battlefield.

Wearing a sky blue robe and with a sword at his waist, the invader whose black hair was neatly trimmed looked at the surroundings with a shocked expression on his face as proof that this was his first time coming here. 

He looked exactly like an ordinary human being, except that his aura was something Lilith had never felt before.

No... When she narrowed her eyes and sharpened her senses, Lilith realized that she had felt that kind of aura somewhere before. Unfortunately, she couldn't remember it for now and the enemy certainly didn't plan to give her time to think.

One, two, three, four...

The enemies continued to come faster and faster and without stopping. 

The rift they were coming through was big enough for thousands of people to pass through at the same time so that in a matter of seconds the Demonic Army was facing a budding army of invaders coming from the so-called Golden Domain.

Some were carrying swords, others were using spears, giant maces, war hammers, halberds, etc. Some even used musical instruments such as flutes or zithers!

DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

They looked no different from a normal army that everyone was used to seeing practically every day.

"Heh." Lucifer snorted with a cold smile and said to himself, "You guys want to wait to be more before attacking? This isn't a fantasy book, little brats. And I'm not a general nice enough to wait for you to settle up!"

Lucifer's eight wings opened wide and the Mana in his body began to slowly decrease as the giant castle began to shake and glow.

"Alastar, go crazy!"

"Hahahaha!"

The laughter from the castle was loud enough to make some weaker Fifth Order existences feel dizzy, and the invaders became a bit alert as they saw the glow beginning to become strong enough to illuminate this large patch of the universe.

"Lucifer, you have been sleeping for so long that I had forgotten how the blood of these little children is!"

Sensing the power of the enemy weapon increasing nonstop to the point of becoming a threat, one of the invaders at the front said in a deep voice, "Everyone, the enemy seems to be preparing a full-scale attack. Although the leaders this time have not yet arrived and we were ordered not to move too far away from the Gate, no one said anything about not attacking from afar or did they?" 

A warrior with a green-colored spear stepped forward and shouted excitedly, "Ceremony of the Hurricane!"

Strange energy different from mana surged from the warrior's body and in an instant, a large amount of wind-like energy gathered at the tip of his spear.

SWOOOOSH!!!

A giant tornado but still small compared to the rift shot out at full speed from the tip of the spear towards the Demonic Army.

Seeing this, many more launched their own attacks without delay. They had no sequence in their movements and did not listen to each other since they did not really belong to the same army even if they were fighting together.

Giant sword slashes, hot fireballs as big as the sun, lightning spears, strange sound waves, and a lot more.

Lilith could feel that those attacks were all equivalent to those of geniuses among the geniuses of every Fifth Order soul evolver. Some could even be compared to attacks from Sixth Order existences!

Was this just the advance army? If that was the case then what was to come? Lilith took a deep breath and finally realized why all the factions of Higher Existences suffered disastrous losses every time they faced these enemies.

They were truly terrifying.

Fire Sorrow took a step forward and the six wings behind her flapped gently as she extended her right hand to the front.

"Elemental Shield."

Fire Sorrow's whisper had barely fallen when a semi-transparent barrier with motes of light within it stretched for what seemed like thousands of miles, parting the enemy and the Demonic Army as the Wall of Chaos separated this battlefield from the universe they needed to protect.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!

....

Explosions of apocalyptic magnitude were going off again and again.

RUMBLE...

As the entire battle zone rumbled, one of the invaders scoffed at the sight of the explosions filled with bright flashes: "I was eager to be part of this generation as I wanted to come and harvest some benefits in this place... but it seems our enemies are no big deal after all."

However, a few seconds later and at the same time as the layer of fire and lightning covering the area disappeared, that same invader was forced to swallow his words when he saw the purple-haired woman looking at them with a faint disdainful smile.

"Kids these days really have no sense of manners." Fire Sorrow chuckled as she reached down and canceled her barrier.

They hadn't even managed to crack it let alone break through it.

"Since they've already sent their greeting it's time for us to send ours." Lucifer snorted and said in a deep voice, "Alastar, make sure you welcome them properly!"

"A total of 8400 greetings on order... On the way out!"

At the same time as the voice from the castle boomed in the surroundings, the 8400 secondary cannons glowed and under the wide eyes of the Golden Domain invaders blasted out.

The entire battlefield seemed to light up with blue flashes of light to the point of becoming a bit blinding.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3