Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Lilith listened to the brother-sister duo's conversation from a few meters away, and when she looked at Lucifer's back she couldn't help but sigh in her heart.

Really, none of the eight leaders could be underestimated.

Even Lucifer, apparently lazy and unwilling to waste energy on thinking was truly terrifying. 

"Don't look at me like that, Bloody Succubus." Lucifer said suddenly and looked over his shoulder at her, "I don't think the Lower Existence who gave you that earring would like it if he knew you were staring so intently at another man you know?"

"You..." Lilith frowned and a flash of anger shone in her pupils.

"Why are you getting angry? You make it look like you're really in a sentimental relationship with a Lower Existence." Lucifer's green-colored eyes flashed slightly as he said these words, and ignoring Lilith's reaction he turned his attention back to the battlefield.

"We are all just spectators... Well, small players on a big board. Fire Sorrow is like that, Luciah is like that, I am like that, and even you are just a small player within the big board... though perhaps a bit more important than us." 

Lucifer shrugged as flashes of light from the explosions on the distant battlefield illuminated his silhouette and that of the rest behind him.

"This war against The Golden Domain will probably be the toughest to date not only of the ones our Demonic Army fought but of all the ones fought so far as well... and I'm sure it won't stop getting worse from here on out. Who knows, the next one could be much sooner than expected."

Valiant looked at Lucifer for a few seconds before calmly saying, "Your Majesty seems to know something we don't?"

"Not much, really." Lucifer looked up at the giant crimson crack and said slowly, "I've said it before, did you forget, Valiant?"

Valiant frowned slightly with a confused expression, and after a few seconds, Lucifer continued, "Our universe has existed for a long time, and everything will eventually face its end. This is a rule that even I cannot break. Our universe is destined to reach an end, it's just a matter of how long... Unless something really big comes along, something capable of fighting against this unbreakable rule."

"It takes something to end for something new to begin." Fire Sorrow sighed and said softly, "Every beginning happens because there was an ending before. Hopefully, whatever is to come we can see it through to the end... and with luck, we will be part of the new beginning."

Crow's eyes darted back and forth between Lucifer, Fire Sorrow, and Luciah. He scratched his head and said in frustration, "Argh, I have no idea what you three are saying. I get the beginning and end thing, but what's with all the philosophical talk? Wouldn't it be better to go finish off the enemy as soon as possible? How about I join Hellscar in killing that spear guy, hm? Or else it'll be days or even weeks before Hellscar can kill that lance guy!"

Lucifer narrowed his eyes and said in a serious voice, "Crow, get ready to fight. You're taking some of the troops with you."

"It's about time!" Crow opened both hands and exhaled in relief. "I was getting bored to death here. Don't worry, Your Majesty. With me and Hellscar joining hands, that invader will fall in no time!"

"No." Lucifer interrupted, "Your target is not Hellscar's enemy, your target is that one."

Crow saw Lucifer nod toward the crimson crack, and just then a new figure whose aura seemed to be comparable to that of Hellscar's enemy appeared amidst the roars and curses along with apocalyptic explosions.

"Great." Crow narrowed his eyes and before dashing towards the battlefield at lightning speed ordered those behind him, "Follow me!"

A good portion of the Demonic Army unsheathed their weapons and with powerful flapping followed Crow from a respectful distance.

The new arrival possessed power equivalent to an archangel or demon general like Crow. His name was Han Jian and just like Lim Qinyu, he was a genius although the two were part of different factions.

"Mm?" Han Jian looked ahead as he was thinking of going with his troops and joining the battlefield. However, his plans changed as he saw a new wave of enemies charging straight in their direction.

"The enemy leader is mine. You all can take care of the minions." Han Jian smiled and waved his whip outwards, taking advantage of that seemingly casual movement, he slashed towards Crow: "Frost Lash!"

Accompanied by the terrifyingly swift movement of the whip, a good portion of the battlefield showed signs of freezing and Crow immediately felt his skin turn goosebumps at the cold temperatures.

"Hell Flame!" Crow bellowed and an instant later his entire figure was engulfed in a wide swirl of violet fire, crushing all the frost flying in his direction.

"Heh." Han Jian sneered, "My Frost Lash isn't that easy to stop."UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

BOOM!!!

Although Crow had managed to intercept the enemy's lash with his sword, his body froze in mid-flight. This greatly surprised all the members of the Demonic Army behind and they subconsciously stepped back a few steps to avoid being hit by the aftershock.

"S-Sir Crow!"

"How can this be possible..."

The members of the Demon Army could not believe what they were seeing.

One of the Demon Lord's generals... had been defeated this easily?

"Looks like I got one of the weaker ones." Han Jian shook his head scornfully before waving his whip fiercely towards Crow's frozen statue, "Oh well. I'll get a nice reward when I get back just by taking your head so I guess it's okay. Flash of Frost!"

The deep blue whip in Han Jian's right hand turned into a flash of light, and in an instant struck the chest of the frozen Crow.

BOOOOOM!!!

When the ice statue crashed, Han Jian's expression abruptly changed and without even pausing to think he flew backwards in a hurry.

SWOOSH!

Seeing a flare of purple fire falling from the sky above his head, Han Jian gritted his teeth and bellowed, "Heavy Frost Shield!"

BOOOOOOOOOOM!!!

From amidst a pile of frost and shards of broken ice, as well as scattered flames, Han Jian jumped back as he looked at his enemy with a cold and serious expression on his face.

"You don't seem to be smiling anymore? I like it better this way." Crow sneered. Soon, his eyes turned blood red as he cruelly said, "You survived the first one... Let's see if you can survive the ones to come!"

Soon, the members of the Demonic Army that followed Crow to this other battlefield within the all-out war began to fight fiercely against the new arrivals from beyond the Abyssal Rift.

"Crow has improved again in his skills." Valiant commented with a nod. "Although his personality is a bit lecherous and arrogant, the fact that he is a genius in feint magic is irrefutable."

"His physical and magical attacks are also not weak at all." Fire Sorrow added.

Crow's personality was a bit troublesome but nothing too big in the eyes of people like Valiant and the other demon generals. Besides, even if there was no mention of his talent which certainly gave him the qualifications of being arrogant and prideful, Crow was completely loyal to the faction and his contributions had been no small over the years.

For better or worse, Crow was held in high regard by everyone in the Demonic Army.

Lilith watched both battlefields with indifference and simply waited her turn to advance.

One week later.

The war on the Wall of Chaos simply grew fiercer and bloodier with each passing day, and by this point practically the entirety of the Demonic Army had been mobilized days ago and were currently fighting with their lives on the line against the invaders coming from beyond the Abyssal Rift.

Valiant had joined the battle 2 days after the war broke out when a new enemy comparable to a demon general made her appearance. 

She was not as overwhelming and fatal as Hellscar nor was she as cunning as Crow, however, Valiant was much more agile and balanced in terms of overall power. Therefore, although she showed no signs of defeating her enemy in the short term, Valiant certainly had an easier time on the battlefield when compared to the two aforementioned generals.

Regarding Hellscar and Crow, both had suffered some low-medium grade wounds while fighting their enemies. But this was completely normal considering that they were facing beings whose power rivaled theirs.

However, it wasn't all about battle power. There was something that Hellscar and Crow had plenty of but their enemies lacked.

Combat experience!

Lim Qinyu and Han Jian had experienced a relatively smooth rise, and both were so young that they hadn't seen major setbacks to reach their current height.

But Hellscar and Crow reached their current position of power after dancing hand in hand with the Reaper for most of their long lives.

"Fiery Tempest!" 

Hellscar slashed with his two-handed sword wreathed in flames with such speed and power that Lim Qinyu was forced to retreat repeatedly while using all his learned techniques and skills to block; he didn't even have time to counterattack and his body was filled with all sorts of bloody wounds!

"Chaos Storm!"

The black sword wreathed in purple flames in Crow's right hand was so fast that even Han Jian could barely keep up with it using his frost whip. In addition, the wounds that Crow's flame with corrupting properties had inflicted on Han Jian during the previous week had exhausted him so much that he could barely draw 70% of his full power and it would only be a matter of time before he lost his head at this rate!

Indeed, approximately 2 hours later, both Lim Qinyu and Han Jian coughed out fresh blood and were sent flying backwards at practically the same time after receiving a blow that left them with medium-high grade injuries.

The members of the Demonic Army cheered loudly as they saw that two of their generals managed to completely take the upper hand against the two enemy generals.

During the past week, a total of 26.465 Superior Existences belonging to the Demonic Army had lost their lives while facing the invaders.

Nearly 30.000 beings who were once admired and crowned as heroes and kings of their own worlds and races had fallen in such a short time.

Considering that a Higher Existence was only rarely killed this was an incredibly high number. Especially since the war still showed no signs of stopping as even though over 1,740,000 invaders had been killed more were still coming as if there was no end in sight.

Hellscar and Crow's victory was no different than finding a woodshed with a warm fire in the middle of the forest on a cold winter's night.

Just at that moment, two silhouettes wearing identical robes, which was a clear indicator that they were part of the same group, emerged from the Abyssal Rift.

The aura of these two was chilling, and although only they had arrived on the battlefield this time since the Abyssal Rift probably couldn't send anyone else given the power that both invaders had, the numbers certainly weren't a problem for these two recent arrivals.

"Looks like these old men are kicking our asses, Duan Delan." One of them smiled slightly as he stroked his bowstring.

"The elders warned us not to underestimate some of these people, but some of them really don't learn." The young man named Duan Delan shook his head as he unsheathed his sword. "Although they look young they are probably thousands or even hundreds of thousands of years old. It's a bit embarrassing to admit this considering they are just our own livestock but in terms of real experience it's true that we are below them."

"... I'll join that fellow Lim Qinyu to deal with the big guy." Duan Delan decided. 

"In that case... I guess I am joining Han Jian then." The other young man whose name was Di Ya nodded.

At the same time, Lucifer looked indifferently at the two new invaders. After a moment of silence, he looked over his shoulder and calmly said, "Bloody Succubus, it's your turn."

Lilith nodded. She was brimming with energy since she hadn't participated in the battle for the past week.

"You don't need to directly fight any of those guys equivalent to a Seventh Order." Lucifer suddenly said.

"... In that case...?" Lilith frowned in confusion.

"You will be the wild card in this war." Lucifer said as he looked out onto the battlefield. "You will assist everyone, kill whoever you can while moving all over the place. With your overwhelming Charm and crowd control ability you will be able to completely overpower the enemy in a matter of days."

Lilith looked at the chaotic battlefield with a cold expression.

Blood floated next to incomplete corpses belonging to both allies and enemies. Shattered weapons and armors, ripped robes in tatters, and constant explosions capable of turning sizable cities to dust.

"Ok." Lilith nodded and the two pairs of wings behind her opened wide. Her lips curved into a bewitching smile as she playfully whispered, "That's my preferred battle style after all."

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3