Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

As Bai Zemin sat down to get some rest before returning to important business he didn't even feel like looking at his newly acquired skills nor did he feel like looking at which two skills he could evolve.

The battle against the First Order beasts had not drained his Stamina to dangerous levels even when Blood Will had been draining much of it. However, the mental exhaustion had been considerable; especially before the battle fully erupted.

After all, before launching the blood trident enveloped by flames, Bai Zemin was very clear that if he failed to kill a First Order creature with a single shot the odds of survival would plummet immediately. Therefore, although he appeared serene on the surface, he was actually under great mental pressure.

Meanwhile, Shangguan Bing Xue was looking at him with a frown and her eyes seemed hesitant about something. However, soon her attention was drawn by the person beside her.

"Bing Xue, are you really okay? What happened inside that forest?" Chen He asked still not feeling calm.

"Thanks to the treasure Bai Zemin gave me earlier, I'm fine." She nodded softly and observed the surroundings as she slowly explained what happened inside the forest.

"What, several dozen First Order beasts? And... Bing Xue, you're already level 25?!" Chen He exclaimed in fright and looked at her with wide eyes when he heard that she had killed a First Order creature single-handedly. But even more so, he was frightened to hear that there were so many terrifying beings inhabiting the mutated forest.

Only now did Chen He realize how lucky he was to get out of that place alive yesterday.

"Yes..." Shangguan Bing Xue nodded a bit distractedly. She looked at Bai Zemin who was resting with his eyes closed, and couldn't help but be surprised.

Currently, she had already reached level 25 and had also received the message from the Soul Record in which she received a number of options to choose her job. Shangguan Bing Xue naturally knew that advancing was not easy. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

However, seeing the destruction of the surroundings, the corpses of the First Order beasts scattered on the ground and some of them in miserable conditions, Shangguan Bing Xue finally fully accepted that the young man before her was simply a monster in human skin.

Bai Zemin opened his eyes and sighed as he pulled out a chocolate bar from his backpack. However, before he began to eat it, he took out three more bars along with four cans of soda.

He threw a bar and a can to each of them as he said with a somewhat exhausted smile, "Good job, everyone."

Chen He, Shangguan Bing Xue, and Liang Peng looked at each other before shrugging their shoulders. The three of them casually sat or simply stood and began to replenish their energies with bright expressions.

No matter how small it was, everyone did their part today, being able to overcome the most difficult challenge since the apocalypse broke out and the world changed. A single mistake could have ended the whole group and the annihilation of nearly five hundred people as well as the hope of many others. Therefore, they were naturally happy even if they did not say anything.

Shangguan Bing Xue even thanked Bai Zemin for trusting her enough to lend her such a valuable treasure, to which he responded with a casual smile. As for the matter of saving her life earlier, she said nothing and he did not mention it either; they both seemed to understand each other's mind tactically, so words were unnecessary.

After properly resting for nearly thirty minutes, Bai Zemin began to replenish his blood supply under the watchful eyes of the others. Although it was unpleasant, there was no choice in the matter and he didn't want to die just because he didn't want to do some dirty work.

* * *

The survivors were waiting anxiously inside the first floor of the library building under the care of Cai Jingyi and the rest.

The atmosphere in the place was extremely heavy and there seemed to be a black cloud over everyone's head as no one dared to speak and even those who spoke did so quietly in extremely small whispers.

Occasionally, the eyes of the four hundred plus survivors would unconsciously turn to the entrance of the building with hopeful eyes. However, each time their eyes receded in disappointment at not finding the people they were looking for, increasing the worry they felt even more.

"How do you think the battle ended?" A male student asked quietly as his eyes drifted to the door.

"I don't know... There's been no roaring and no explosions anywhere for a while now." Another survivor whispered back as he looked at Fu Xuefeng and the others before continuing, "I bet the battle is already over. Besides, even the four of them are moving anxiously and looking towards the door so obviously what the group leaders are doing is not simple."

"How could it be simple?" Li Na, who was sitting nearby, overheard the conversation and couldn't help but raise her voice scared, "They are facing an army of dreadful beasts that are as strong or stronger than that strange blue-skinned zombie!"

Li Na, just like the rest, was incredibly scared; no... She was even more scared! Because she was aware of the danger the four leaders were facing this time. Therefore, she couldn't stop some words from slipping out of her mouth unconsciously.

"Blue-skinned zombie?"

"What do you mean?"

The surrounding survivors became agitated upon hearing those words and looked at Li Na for responses.

In order to keep the chaos as controlled as possible, one person had proposed not to reveal the existence of the First Order beasts or monsters until the group had enough power to safely deal with them.

Otherwise, letting the survivors know that there were even more terrifying enemies on the outside could cause some of them to go crazy and start losing their minds, making things difficult for everyone.

"Li Na!" Wu Yijun called out, startling her friend. She had been the person who had planned the idea and it was approved by Bai Zemin, Shangguan Bing Xue, Chen He, and Liang Peng right away as the four of them were aware of something so basic.

Seeing Wu Yujin's serious and angry look, Li Na realized that she had spoken too much and quickly lowered her head in embarrassment but still frightened.

Seeing Wu Yujin intervene, none of the survivors pressed the matter further as they knew that she was technically like a sister to Shangguan Bing Xue so no one dared to offend her. However, Li Na's words had already aroused the alertness of some people and the atmosphere quickly began to worsen.

Although no one did anything stupid or wild as yesterday's massacre was still firmly etched in everyone's mind, they all began to look towards the entrance in fear, waiting for the final verdict of their fates.

Wu Yijun also looked towards the entrance of the building and her beautiful big eyes glittered with slight apprehension; not only for herself but also for the safety of those who faced danger out there.

While it was true that the sound of battle had ceased several minutes ago, only based on the terrifying roars and thunderous bangs, as well as the constant shaking of the ground; she knew that the battle that was currently raging was of such a magnitude that her mind was unable to comprehend even if it was explained to her in words.