Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

With the appearance of two other beings on the invading side who possessed enough power to easily compare to Seventh Order soul evolvers, Hellscar and Crow immediately began to suffer despite the fact that a minute ago they had the absolute upper hand over their enemies.

Both were furious and frustrated, and how could they not be now that someone had snatched the victory that belonged to them?

Although Lim Qinyu and Han Jian were injured and could only call for 60% to 70% of their full capacity, that was 60-70% of two beings comparable to demon generals!

p When Duan Delan and Di Ya joined the fray bringing 100% of their peak condition selves added to the power of Lim Qinyu and Han Jian, the number of injuries on Crow and Helllscar grew exponentially.

It was only a matter of time before the two suffered wounds that would force them to retreat... Although this was not a battlefield from which one could retreat just for the sake of retreating; at least not for the Demonic Army that was bound to hold its ground no matter what.

The appearance of Duan Delan and Di Ya not only impacted on the two main battlefields but also indirectly affected the larger battlefield where the invaders of The Golden Domain and the troops of the Demonic Army were clashing.

The previously high morale of the Demonic Army began to fall, and the low morale of The Golden Domain began to rise.

This was the consequence of having their strongest being defeated.

Just at that moment, the movement speed of all the enemies plummeted as a great blast of frost-like energy covered the entire battlefield.

Invaders with power equivalent to Fifth Order beings lost over 40% of their mobility, those comparable to Sixth Order soul evolvers lost 20% of their movement ability, and those who were comparable to a Seventh Order general felt their movements become so stiff that in a flash they had lost 10% of their total freedom of movement.

"Focused Will."

A voice sweet as the song of a nightingale in spring sounded in the midst of the massacre that was occurring, and immediately after that the battlefield underwent a new change.

The invaders comparable to Fifth Order could now move with 100% freedom as if the white frost covering the whole area could not affect them. On the other hand, invaders comparable to Sixth Order now moved 40% slower overall and the most powerful ones directly lost 20% of their total mobility!

"Shit-" Di Ya moved his head to the side as his body felt stiff and he barely managed to dodge a torrent of flames Crow had shot at him.

"Hahaha!" Crow laughed like a lunatic as he began to attack ferociously, now managing to stand on equal footing with two enemies whose individual strength was already comparable to his own. "You're the best, Lilith!"

Lilith stood like a goddess in the middle of the battlefield, and from her body came constant bursts of frost that blocked the invaders but did not obstruct the members of the Demonic Army at all.

She waved her left hand outward and in an instant tens of thousands of obsidian-colored ice blades formed.

With another wave of her hand, just like a bandmaster directing an opera performance, the tens of thousands of obsidian-colored blades were slightly camouflaged by the darkness of the universe and coiled in the sky like dragons as they flew at thunderous speeds towards different invaders.

All those blades were aimed at the invaders whose combat power was comparable to that of Fifth Order Higher Existences, and in less than 50 seconds, Lilith had not only saved the lives of several members of her faction but had ended the lives of over 10.000 enemies!

However, not even a drop of blood came out of the wounds of those who were pierced by one or more ice blades. They all froze in a matter of seconds into ice statues and then exploded into tiny shards of glittering ice that floated in outer space like precious pearls.

The change in the overall war was tremendous and simply impossible to ignore.

[You have received ??????????]

[You have received ??????????]

[You have received ??????????]

[You have received ??????????. You get Magic +75, Strength +54, Agility +83, Stamina +25]

...

[You have leveled up and reached level 577. You have received 64 status points to distribute freely.]

"Now this is interesting..." Lilith muttered to herself.

Going up a single level was incredibly difficult for her and any other Higher Existence as it wasn't easy to find many good caliber opponents to kill and grow stronger. 

This war was no different than a harvest, in fact; just as Lucifer had said.

"If they treat us like cattle... Then can't we do the same?" Lilith licked her lips.

"Bitch!" An invader who had just beheaded a Sixth Order demon after two days of fighting charged towards the just arrived enemy.

Many weaker invaders followed this man who used a normal-looking sword as his main weapon. 

Everyone had realized that the new enemy was even more troublesome than the other two enemy generals; the other two at least could not affect the battlefield to a large extent in the short term!

Furthermore, the invader leading the charge could sense that the beautiful female possessed great abilities to affect the masses but was not as strong as the other two and therefore he was confident in dealing with her.

Lilith had an ice cold expression as she watched the over 600 enemies charging in her direction. When her eyes landed on the leader's sword and she noticed that a powerful attack was being charged, her luscious red lips curved in a charming manner as she opened her mouth leisurely.

"Do you really want to kill me, all of you?"

She stood there without moving in the slightest except for the frost that was constantly coming off her body and making her black dress and hair of the same color dance softly.

Although she had not made any big movement, all the invaders froze in their tracks and those who had raised their weapons began to shake.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"Your witchcraft is useless against me!" The invader comparable to a Sixth Order existence roared as if to express his strong will, and when he arrived in front of her at lightning speed the man raised his sword above his head, "Molten Ray!"

"Do you really want to kill me?" Lilith smiled with no change in her expression even though the enemy attack was an inch ahead.

The invader's sword froze in a dead stop as his eyes met the ruby colored eyes of the woman in front of him now glowing brightly like those of a true demon.

Although Lilith's lips were curved into a smile, her ice cold glowing red eyes were certainly not smiling while she stared into the fighting expression-filled eyes of the opponent inches in front of her.

"You..." The invader gritted her teeth and tried to resist but found it increasingly hard.

"Look, your allies have already decided to join me." Lilith looked slightly at the over 600 invaders who suddenly turned around and began attacking their own allies before turning her attention back to the invader, "Giving your life for me doesn't sound so bad, does it?"

She opened her lips a short distance in front of him, causing the invader's legs and will to weaken as he looked at that beautiful mouth of hers.

A strange pinkish-colored mist with an exquisite sweet scent came from between her lips and was soon absorbed by the invader, who immediately lost all resistance, and as if his soul had died, his eyes lost all light.

Lilith took a step back and said in a cold voice, "Go."

The invader did not hesitate, turned around, and immediately raised his weapon against those who had been his colleagues seconds before.

Unlike Shangguan Bing Xue who used practically none of her Charm on the battlefield, Lilith was using her abilities to the fullest for the sake of surviving and killing her enemies.

She was just enchanting her opponents regardless of whether it was male or female, it wasn't like she had to kiss them or something to get the wanted effect. 

Shangguan Bing Xue maybe seen it as a bad thing, but Lilith did not. At least not in the present, not after losing everything.

In Lilith's eyes, as long as she could survive it didn't matter the method she would use it as long as her bottom line pride was not affected. There were some changes now, of course, since she was in love and in a sentimental relationship with someone she respected and would respect at any cost; it was no longer just about surviving but also about protecting her loved one.

...

Wars between beings of similar power were bound to drag on for a long time, and that was precisely the case for the war that was developing and getting bloodier and bloodier between the Demonic Army and The Golden Domain.

It had been a total of three weeks since the war on the Wall of Chaos broke out, two weeks or so since Lilith stepped forward and joined as a support existence but ended up doing much more than just providing support to the members of her faction but also dispersing terror and panic among the enemy ranks.

"Fire Sorrow, do you think you could do the same thing she is doing?" Lucifer asked with his eyes fixed on the distant battlefield.

Before Lilith joined the battle, Lucifer had been forced to use the power of his Soul Armament from time to time in order to decrease the number of enemies or else the Demonic Army under his power would end up being overwhelmed. However, since she stepped forward two weeks ago, Lucifer had not even lifted a finger; something he was extremely grateful for as he needed to save his strength for later.

"If it comes to slaughtering ability then I can certainly match Lilith and even surpass her quite easily regardless of whether she has powerful warriors under control using her Charm." Fire Sorrow reasoned after a moment of silence. She looked at the back of the beautiful woman who was like a goddess that strangely no one wanted to get close to and said honestly, "But, if it comes to providing general support I'm afraid I'm not capable of doing such a thing."

Fire Sorrow was a genius mage with truly terrifying skills. In fact, according to rumors, she was the most powerful mage in the universe when it came to pure magical power.

However, what Lilith was currently doing was not about magical power but rather it was the path she walked; a path very different from the one Fire Sorrow walked.

"I thought so." Lucifer nodded. He looked at the surroundings seemingly uninterested and said calmly, "It should be soon. Luciah, do you want to go?"

"I'll need Fire Sorrow to back me up occasionally." Luciah took a step forward and tightened her grip on her spear as she used her completely white eyes to look off into the distance.

"I'll back you up, but don't blame me if I hit you by mistake. Some things can't be controlled, you know." Fire Sorrow sighed and muttered, "I really don't understand why we have to do it this way."

"Alright, Fire Sorrow. This time it's different so naturally we have to act accordingly." Lucifer patted her shoulder and said in a serious voice, "Luciah, don't let the Bloody Succubus die."

Luciah nodded and soon there were hundreds of tiny black lightning flashes with silver edges dancing around her body. Her three pairs of wings opened wide, and with six strong simultaneous flaps, her body became a blur.

The force of shock caused by the high speed with which Luciah burst out all at once caused Fire Sorrow to be forced to gently cover her eyes.

"Seriously, she and I are both Seventh Order but what's with that unhealthy physical skill?" Fire Sorrow shook her head.

"She might think the same thing about your magical power." Lucifer pouted before sighing, "Forget it. When it comes to close combat Luciah is the absolute champion. Even I can't beat her when it comes to pure physical skill. Did you forget? Her main class is Dragon Slayer."

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3