Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

At this point of the large-scale battle, there were no more enemies who dared to come close to Lilith. 

No one took the initiative to go and bother her even though they knew she was the culprit behind the fact that everyone was getting weaker and weaker with thick layers of frost hindering their movements and forcing them to consume their energy to break through the ice even though they knew it was only a matter of time before they get covered again.

Lilith did not have the large-scale destructive skills of Fire Sorrow, nor did she have the speed and monstrous physical strength of Luciah. However, as long as she had an army at her side or an army as her enemy... Lilith was virtually invincible!

Of course, this was because she was not being obstructed by any enemy capable of fighting Seventh Order beings... or even higher.

Lilith was under the protection of two invaders who had fallen under her Charm while she occasionally formed ice weapons and used them to end the lives of some enemies. Suddenly, her expression changed and with a single thought on her part, the two invaders comparable to Sixth Order soul evolvers stepped forward as she stepped back and waved both hands forward.

"Ice Defense!"

"Imitate!"

At the same time Lilith's body shook and what seemed to be a perfect imitation of herself, she and her copy became blurry for an instant.

The two invaders under Lilith's control seemed to begin some kind of technique as the aura of their bodies increased and their weapons shimmered. Unfortunately, their heads were sent flying after a clean cut.

It all happened in less than a second, and before Lilith could get too far away a flash of bright light illuminated the sight in front of her.

BOOM!!!

The obsidian-colored ice wall that had appeared in front of her was easily cut in half and then exploded into millions of tiny fragments.

Swoosh!!!

Bang!

Followed by a high-pitched swoosh, the copy Lilith had created earlier was cut from the waist down and in the next instant exploded into tens of thousands of ice shards just like what had happened to the ice wall.

Lilith frowned tightly as she noticed how only a few meters ahead appeared an invader who looked a bit old in comparison to the others. It was a man who looked to be over 40 years old, which was a bit old compared to all the others who looked to be between 20 and 30 at most.

Her ruby-colored eyes glowed brightly and she released her Charm completely, focusing it in her gaze and in her voice as she commanded in an urgent voice, "Stop!"

"Your tricks won't work on this old man, you impertinent brat." The invader whose name was Xiong Li snorted.

Her Charm and skills were not working? Considering that she was able to affect even beings one stage above her own there was only one explanation.

The invader in front of her was a being comparable to a Eighth Order Higher Existence; an existence on the level of the leaders of the eight major factions of the universe!

"Blazing Slash!"

Seeing the huge crescent of flames blazing towards her, Lilith stopped her retreat and a snow-white colored sword with what seemed to be a big ruby in the center of the guard appeared in her right hand.

"Void Slash!"

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!

As the yellow light and white light of both swords collided, an explosion that was much bigger than all the previous ones so far caused the entire battlefield to rumble noisily.

From amidst a cloud of blasting chaos and blazing flames, Lilith was ejected and her feet slid across the void for over a hundred meters before with a fierce flapping of her four wings she barely managed to stabilize her body.

"I see you're not only good at enchanting men but you're also good at wielding a sword!"

Swoosh!

Xiong Li flew out of the cloud of flames and white lightning in Lilith's direction already with his sword held high in preparation for a new attack.

If it was any other Sixth Order existence they would have already died in the first clash against a being capable of fighting a Higher Existence Leader. However, Lilith was a peak genius in every aspect; magic, charm, and hand-to-hand combat!

"Consecutive Flare!"

"Frozen Star!"

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!

A small groan of pain escaped Lilith's mouth as she hurriedly retreated.

The other side didn't even care about the invaders she had under her control and directly killed them when they approached and tried to protect her!

"You've been killing enough for so long, it's time for you to pay the price!" Xiong Li bellowed.

Just as Lilith was in trouble, the expression on Xiong Li's face abruptly changed from confidence to wariness as he hurriedly swung to his right.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!

Xiong Li was immediately forced back a few hundred meters since he had been taken by surprise, and when he finally managed to stabilize on his feet he looked over at his right hand with which he was holding his sword. A hint of surprise flashed in his eyes when he saw his hand trembling slightly.

Looking ahead and seeing not the enemy Leader but a beautiful young woman with white colored hair and white eyes wearing a black colored armor paired with a jet black spear, Xiong Li narrowed his eyes as he actually recognized this person.

"Looks like I'll be able to reel in a big one this time." Xiong Li smiled as the aura of his body began to rise when a strange red-colored energy appeared around him. "Although it's a pity I can't hunt Lucifer, you're not a bad prey... Spear Goddess Luciah."

Luciah looked at Lilith out of the corner of her eye and asked calmly, "All well?"

Llilith nodded and looked at Xong Li cautiously, "I'm fine but... This old man seems to know you?"

Luciah looked at her new enemy, the first since this war broke out, and said casually, "Since we know some things about the other side it is only natural that the other side knows some things about us."

Lilith nodded with understanding.

Luciah was a very old being, at least relatively close to Lucifer and Fire Sorrow in terms of age. This meant that she had been fighting wars against The Golden Domain for many generations; hundreds of thousands and even millions of years. Therefore, it was no wonder that the enemies knew her and she became famous after surviving so long.

"Bloody Succubus, step back for now and keep doing what you were doing before." Luciah waved her spear and took a step forward while looking at Xiong Li icily.

"Sure. Be careful." Lilith didn't insist and gladly flapped her wings to bring her body back as she looked at the two about to clash.

"Dragon Force."

Luciah's voice had only fallen when her aura immediately grew exponentially. Small silver scales grew on parts of her face and neck, and her once completely white eyes suddenly gained a straight golden pupil each.

"I see that you-"

Xiong Li's pupils contracted as with a sonic blast the woman in front of him disappeared and hurriedly raised her sword to head height in a horizontal position.Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

BOOOOOM!!!

Luciah's spear struck the blade of the enemy sword, but instead of break apart, both weapons continued together as Luciah pushed Xiong Li backwards taking advantage of the momentum of her speed.

"This little..." Xiong Li gritted his teeth and a flash of anger shone in his eyes as his gaze met Luciah's indifferent eyes, who using her wings as propellers continued to push him backwards.

"Tearing Moon Slash!" 

BOOOOOOOOM!!!

Luciah was forced back, but not even a second later she charged forward again and stabbed with her spear using a technique that lacked feminine elegance but certainly didn't lack power.

BOOOOOOOOOOM!!! BOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!! BOOOOOOOOOOM!!!! 

BOOOOOOOOOOM!!!! BOOOOOOOOOOM!!!! BOOOOOOOOOOM!!! 

,m ...

Lilith's eyes glittered slightly as she tried to follow the movements of the two with her eyes only to be disappointed as both Luciah and Xiong Li were exchanging strikes and moving so fast that even she couldn't follow their silhouettes with clarity.

All she could see were two blurs moving at lightning speeds across the starless sky along with large spatial disturbances similar to exploding air spheres forming with each collision in the distance.

Lilith thought to herself and quickly simulated different scenarios of a battle between her and Luciah. But she soon came to the irrefutable conclusion that even though she was capable of fighting Seventh Order soul evolvers, unless she used the power of one of her Firmament Shards she would definitely end up dead in a matter of minutes.

This was because Luciah's physical attacks were brutal, bestial, and death-dealing!

'She came too soon. I don't think it's a coincidence.' Lilith looked back and somehow wasn't surprised when she saw Lucifer looking at her calmly.

'With that person being around here, it's probably impossible for him to miss anything.' Lilith secretly shook her head as she realized that somehow her lazy Faction Leader turned out to be more reliable than he appeared.

However, every battlefield was prone to change. Especially one as messy as this one.

The reason Lucifer had been able to partially control things so far and even know that there was a powerful enemy in the shadows waiting for a good time to hunt down an important figure of the Demonic Army was because he was stronger than those enemies.

... He could not get ahead of someone capable of matching him in terms of power.

Just as Lilith was about to head to the battlefield and continue her task as large-scale support, her expression changed slightly and her face turned slightly pale as she noticed the expression on the distant Lucifer's face change from calm to shock as his eyes grew wider and wider.

Lilith had felt death many times in her life, and the number of times she had been more than half a body beyond the gate of the underworld was so large that it would probably be hard for her to write it down.

This was one of those times.

She sensed a frightening aura behind her, one that made the previous invader pale greatly. 

Dodge? Fight back? No... Lilith knew she only had a shred of hope if she activated the power of Skadi's Will.

Even if it ended up giving her away as the culprit in the annihilation of one of the worlds under the control of the Army of Heaven, that would already be a problem to think about later!

"Niflh-"

Unfortunately, Lilith underestimated the speed of her enemy to get close to her.

The letters 'eim' died inside her mouth as a small grunt of pain escaped from her closed lips. A second later, a thin trickle of blood slipped from the corner of her mouth and fell on her battle dress.

Slowly, Lilith turned her head and with ice-cold eyes looked over her shoulder at her enemy.

This was an extremely old and wrinkled man, appearing to be in his 70s or 80s. He was all skin and bone with only a dozen white hairs on his black-spotted head and his eyes were sunken inward like those of a ghost.

But his strength was terrifying.

Lilith looked at the old man's right hand with which he held his sword, and following the direction it pointed, she soon found that just like the pain in her chest suggested her body had been stabbed.

And judging by how her Health began to fall so fast, Lilith knew immediately that her heart had been pierced from side to side.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3