Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Somewhere in outer space, within the boundaries of the Wall of Chaos.

The war between the Demonic Army and the invaders coming from beyond the Abyssal Rift, from the mysterious place called The Golden Domain, not only continued but became fiercer and fiercer with each passing second.

Although it seemed as if the energy used by the invaders was stronger than the mana used by the defenders, for some reason the defenders proved to be more powerful in a 1 vs 1 battle, and in most cases, it took 2 or even 3 invaders to fight as equals against any one member of the Demonic Army.

Although the Fifth and Sixth Orders were fighting their own war, a portion of everyone's attention was focused on four other battlefields that in some sense were more important as any change there would mean that an even bigger change in the overall war would soon begin.

These battlefields were naturally where the generals of each army were clashing with each other with increasingly murderous and vicious attacks despite the fact that the wounds of each of them kept piling up one after another.

However, there were only a few seconds in which, as if by prior agreement, they all stopped attacking each other. All for the sake of looking towards a battlefield in the distance.

"L- Lilith..." Crow choked on his next words as he stared wide-eyed into the distance.

"Hahaha! That fucking bitch finally got what she deserves!" Han Jian laughed darkly as he took the opportunity to look at his severed left arm, which caused him to grimace in hatred and pain.

The members of the Demonic Army despaired as they saw an enemy's sword cleanly piercing Lilith's chest, right in the area where the heart was located. 

Even Higher Existences could not live long with a pierced heart; this kind of wound was considered fatal for both Lower Existences and Higher Existences. The only difference was that piercing the heart of a Higher Existence was far more difficult!

While the members of the Demonic Army despaired, the enemies of The Golden Domain cheered with delight.

Lilith had been like a goddess on the battlefield and her skills, as well as her ability to affect large-scale warfare, were qualities that literally began the enemies' undoing. 

Therefore, while her allies saw her as a divine goddess her enemies could not wait to tear her flesh into a thousand pieces. It was just that no enemy dared to approach carelessly after several of them, even some of the strongest, fell under her control.Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

But at the sight of the embodiment of the demon itself being severely wounded, the entire Golden Domain trembled with excitement.

...

Lilith seemed unaware of all the cries of surprise and terror from her allies. She didn't even seem to be bothered by the cruel mockery of her enemies.

Her focus was solely on her current situation and not on what others thought or felt about it.

'My heart was completely pierced... This is really a tough situation.' Lilith realized that she really might die here if she didn't do something soon.

Die? She? Lilith could not allow such a thing to happen.

She had not only not completed her goal that she had been fighting for so long but now she had a very important reason to live for; not for a goal but for herself and her own happiness together with someone she really loved.

However, it wasn't that easy.

"Young lady, you have caused a lot of disturbance." 

Lilith heard the voice of the wrinkled old man behind her sounding like two sandpaper rubbing against each other, extremely unpleasant to the ears.

Her expression suddenly changed and a flash of panic finally shone in her beautiful ruby eyes as she felt the metal blade digging into her heart begin to grow in temperature and buzz.

She probably had no more than 2-3 seconds before she died!

How was a person with a pierced heart and under the grip and gaze of a much more powerful enemy supposed to even escape!

'R- Right, Zemin!' A glimmer of hope shone amidst the despair as Lilith remembered her loved one.

The wrinkled, sunken-eyed old man didn't seem worried at all, which was completely normal considering that the female under his control was simply too weak to do anything that could affect him in the slightest.

He looked at Lucifer in the distance and said in a hoarse voice, "It's been a while, Demon Lord Lucifer."

Lucifer did not respond as he was trying to find a solution to this big problem. He had been overconfident this time and was caught off guard!

In the past, the most the enemy sent apart from many "normal" enemies were 2 generals; beings capable of fighting against Seventh Order Higher Existences. 

Lucifer had foreseen that this invasion would be different so he was not surprised when four or five generals appeared, he was not even surprised when someone comparable to a soul evolver of Eighth Order initial stage appeared.

But Lucifer certainly never, even in his wildest dreams, imagined that the enemy would send a second being of such magnitude!

The Abyssal Rift had widened beyond his estimation and events were spiraling out of control!

As he felt the enemy's power rising higher and higher, Lucifer clenched his fists feeling for the first time in a long time frustrated and angry.

Unfortunately, there was nothing he could do in this situation.

'Even if the Bloody Succubus' heart hadn't been pierced I can't make a move without that old fucker noticing!' Lucifer gritted his teeth secretly before looking at Lilith with apologetic eyes.

It was impossible for him to move and get to Lilith faster than the old man.

Just at the last moment when the old man was rejoicing at the sight of the enemy leader's expression, his expression froze along with his movements.

"Absolute Frozen Domain."

These three words sounded like a practically inaudible whisper, but in the old man's ears, they sounded as loud as a thunderclap in the middle of a beautiful spring afternoon.

Before he could increase his power outflow to turn the enemy female's body into a pile of meat paste making her explode, everything around him seemed to shut down for a brief moment, and when his senses returned to normal his expression sank.

The old man looked ahead with an ugly expression on his face but there was also confusion in his eyes as he saw that his sword extended forward was stained with blood but his enemy was no longer there.

"How did you do that?" he asked in a shadowy voice as he looked at Lilith from over 1000 meters away.

"Wh- What..." Lim Qinyu as well as everyone else looked on with wide eyes.

That powerful elder was really asking something like that? They had all watched as Lilith simply stepped off the edge of the sword moving forward and cutting through space to appear 1000 meters away! The old man just stood there and did nothing to stop her!

The old man did not charge at Lilith again, his opportunity was gone as Lucifer was now standing in front of her and looking at him with a dark expression on his handsome face. 

The old man's expression only improved a little at the thought that this female would die soon anyway. Her heart had been pierced from side to side so her fate was sealed.

"Fire Sorrow!" Lucifer bellowed with his eyes fixed on the old man and not daring to let him out of his sight.

"Luciah, I need you to hold on for a while!" Fire Sorrow called out as she looked towards the fiercest battlefield.

There, Luciah and Xiong Li were exchanging blows practically at the speed of light. Both were moving so fast that only Lucifer and the old man who stabbed Lilith's heart could see their movements with clarity. The explosions caused by each clash of their weapons were getting more and more dreadful, no one dared to even try to get close to those two monsters.

However, Luciah was slightly at a disadvantage. Even then, she should have no trouble holding out for a considerable amount of time and Fire Sorrow could afford to turn her attention to something more urgent.

Fire Sorrow pulled a pill from her storage ring and handed it to Lilith, "Lilith, quickly swallow it." 

Her voice sounded anxious, which was natural considering that half of a previously black combat dress was now red due to the blood running out of Lilith's chest.

Lilith tossed the red-colored pill into her mouth at the same time as Fire Sorrow pointed with her magic staff.

"Hex of Greater Healing."

Hex of Greater Healing was a spell learned by Fire Sorrow, not a skill gained through skill scrolls. This spell was very powerful, not only could it restore lost limbs in a matter of minutes but it also had a relatively low consumption.

It had taken her nearly 800 years to learn this skill.

Indeed, Fire Sorrow was not disappointed when the bleeding began to diminish. However, her expression slowly began to change as she realized that while the bleeding was slowing it was still far from stopping not to mention healing the wound on Lilith's chest.

Fire Sorrow stayed calm and tried using other skills, however, the more time passed the more serious her expression became.

Fire Sorrow had been able to heal pierced hearts of allies in the past, and she was sure that she could heal any wound of any being weaker than her.

The problem was that while it was true that Lilith was a Sixth Order soul evolver her true capacity was much higher and thus the main records of her existence were much more difficult to recover after being damaged.

(A/N: I made a change to Lilith's level and forgot to remind you, sorry. Chapter 'Dragon Slayer Luciah')

Lilith's expression was ice cold but only she knew how grateful she was to Bai Zemin and Kali for the earring she wore on her right ear.

Leaving aside how amazing the earring was in general, it was its special skill what saved Lilith from death.

[Absolute Frozen Domain: Uses the full power of the earring rendering it useless for 48 hours to activate. Effect: Creates a time domain 2 meters around the user, freezing everything except the user itself for 0.5 seconds. This effect cannot be avoided, ignored, or broken regardless of the difference in level, Order, or power between the user and the enemies].

0.5 seconds may not be much, but for existences capable of moving so fast and even slightly manipulating space that amount of time could make the difference between who lived and who died as had just happened to Lilith seconds before.

Bai Zemin's blacksmithing, Kali's runes, and the efforts of both; two First Order Lower Existences had unknowingly intervened in a great war in which Higher Existences were falling like flies, saving Lilith's life in the process.

No, Lilith's life was not out of danger yet.

She looked at her heart and noticed a malicious energy preventing it from fully healing. Lilith immediately knew that Fire Sorrow would not be able to heal her and at this rate, she would end up bleeding to death.

'I can't afford to die... Not now.' Lilith sighed and whispered the activation of a skill in her heart.

Fire Sorrow was beginning to sweat nervously, but just then she noticed a flash of dark green light surrounding Lilith's heart and her expression went from nervous to surprised.

"Wood Nature type energy?" Fire Sorrow looked at Lilith in shock and said incredulously, "Lilith, you..."

Wood-type energy was rare in itself and few Higher Existences had it, all of them were usually very powerful healers. However, the wood-type energy that came from nature itself was even rarer as it could not be obtained unless one linked with the Tree of Life and among all the Higher Existences only Archangel Gabriel had it.

Fire Sorrow was in shock upon discovering that Lilith actually had such a power and could not understand how such a thing was possible.

Lilith's expression was cold. She held her left hand which was surrounded by a layer of light near her chest, slowly but surely regenerating her heart and chest at the same time.

She wiped the blood from the corner of her lips using her free hand and looked at the enemies of The Golden Domain. For the first time in a long time, she felt nothing but fury in her chest, and she was certainly going to take it out on the culprits.

* * * * * * *

A/N: 3 chapters in 1 reset. I am now completely up to date.

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3