Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The Duality Queen immediately readied her most powerful Spells.

She used the Domain Spell and also her Darkness and Light Spells.

Shang didn't do anything.

The Duality Queen wasn't sure why Shang wasn't doing anything, but she wouldn't waste such a chance.

A moment later, she had prepared over 30 extremely powerful Spells, and she would unleash them all at once.

A cataclysmic storm of Mana gathered around her in preparation.

And then...

SHING!

A black tear appeared in the world.

The spot where the Duality Queen had just been in had vanished.

Silence.

The Horizon shook as the Space, Time, and Gravity Mana were being torn apart.

But the next moment, the tear vanished.

And the only thing that remained was an arm, which fell to the ground.

The next moment, a brutal storm of Mana exploded out and scattered across the world.

Naturally, this was the Duality Queen's Mana.

No one said a word.

It had just been too shocking.

Shang hadn't even moved.

He hadn't even done anything.

The tear had just appeared on its own, and the Duality Queen had been killed in an instant.

She had prepared over 30 Spells.

With such a long time to prepare, she could have easily gotten the place of second strongest Mage King in the world.

And yet, everything had been for nothing.

It didn't matter what the Duality Queen did.

If Shang wanted her dead, she would die.

The Emperors couldn't come to terms with what they saw for several seconds.

This was even more powerful than they had thought.

Meanwhile, a small light appeared in Abaddon's eyes.

For a long time, the Emperors just looked at the unmoving Shang.

The Mage Kings behind them felt absolute shock and terror.

All the plans for the tournament they had created over the past thousand years had been abandoned at this instant.

The Emperors had created some plans where the Mage Kings could unleash some disguised Spells created by the Emperors to maybe kill Abaddon.

Of course, these plans could also be used against Shang.

But this single strike destroyed all of them.

No Mage King except King Sanctified Death could do anything against Shang.

He was just too powerful.

The only thing the Mage Emperors could do was to force Shang and Abaddon to kill each other.

While the Emperors were looking with anxiety at Shang, he was flying back to Gregorio.

He hadn't said a word.

One of the strongest Mage Kings had died like an ant in front of an Ancestral Beast.

"Winner, the Lightning Manor," Isis Neweston proclaimed in a neutral voice.

Gregorio didn't seem happy.

In fact, he displayed no emotions.

It was almost like no development during this tournament could shock or surprise him.

And that was actually the case.

Gregorio had seen how Shang had developed his powers over the last 22,000 years.

Shang had managed to elevate his World Connection to a far higher state.

Instead of asking the world to do something, it was like Shang was forcing the world to do something.

Its compliance was no longer a factor.

Space, Time, and Gravity were also no longer factors.

If Shang could perceive someone, they were in his melee range.

Shang could unleash 100% of his power at any spot inside of his Spirit Sense.

Just now, Shang could have attacked with all of his tentacles, and it would be exactly like Shang stood directly beside the person.

Yet, Shang had only needed to unleash a single attack.

He had only swung his right index finger around a bit.

Even though Shang had countless tentacles with swords on them, the other parts of his body could also act as swords.

Just now, Shang had simply transformed his finger into Entropy Ore, which he had then shaped into a small sword.

The power of all the gathered Sword Mana inside Shang's body had exploded forward, unleashing a devastating attack.

And yet, it hadn't even been difficult for Shang.

It wasn't much harder than flipping his hand.

Shang's power had become ridiculous, and Gregorio knew that this wasn't even close to everything Shang had learned in the last 22,000 years.

Amon Gus gritted his teeth, but he knew that he couldn't do anything about this at the moment.

He had to wait until later.

"Next, the Eternity King versus the Abyssfrost Queen."

The two combatants stepped forward and eyed each other.

The clear favorite was the Abyssfrost Queen. The Eternity King was definitely very powerful, but the Abyssfrost Queen was just too overwhelming. After all, the Abyssfrost Queen was very likely within the top five.

"Benign," Isis Neweston said.

The other Emperors snorted.

They knew that Isis Neweston had given her candidate this fight so that her candidate would leave the tournament without dying.

"Malicious."

Isis Neweston glared at Bina Ching, who only looked back with a slight sneer.

Obviously, Isis Neweston wanted Bina Ching's combatant to fight Shang, which would essentially mean killing her.

Bina Ching wasn't a big fan of that and decided to screw with Isis Neweston's plan.

The two Mage Kings narrowed their eyes as they readied themselves.

"Start," Isis Neweston announced.

The next moment, the two Mage Kings started to clash.

The fight was brutal.

The Eternity King was going all out from the very beginning, but the Abyssfrost Queen managed to survive the onslaught.

Due to that, the Eternity King ran out of Mana very quickly, and the fight ended in just ten seconds.

Naturally, the Eternity King died, and his Mana was scattered across the world.

The Abyssfrost Queen returned to hovering behind Bina Ching.

"Winner, the Darkcold Empire," Isis Neweston announced with an emotionless voice.

The Abyssfrost Queen was not happy at all.

After all, she knew that she would die very soon.

She had seen Shang's power, and she knew that she would be as helpless as a child in front of him.

"Next, the lcespear Queen versus the Fierycold Queen."

The two combatants came forward and faced each other.

There was no suspense.

Everyone knew that the lcespear Queen would win.

"Benign," Jenny Greenhouse said.

Nivera Preston looked deeply into Jenny Greenhouse's eyes.

"Benign," Nivera eventually said.

The Fierycold Queen released a sigh of relief.

She wouldn't die today.

The fight started and ended very quickly, and sure enough, the lcespear Queen won.

Although, one had to consider that both Mage Kings had fought very casually.

"Winner, the Deepsteel Empire."

"Next, the Unbreakable King versus King Sanctified Death."RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only