Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Brutus Cesar looked at Kali neutrally.

Now that Shang was back, the alliance between the three Empires should also be back.

They didn't need to go against each other, right?

"Malicious," Kali said.

Brutus Cesar gritted his teeth in frustration and hatred.

"Malicious," he said with spite.

The Unbreakable King stepped forward with furrowed brows while Abaddon stepped forward with a friendly smile.

"Start!"

Yet, neither of the two did anything.

"lf l am going to die, I might as well die to the most talented Mage that has ever lived," the Unbreakable King said.

"Oh?" Abaddon asked with an interested expression. "That's interesting."

"Please," the Unbreakable King said, "let me prepare my defenses before you attack. I know that I will lose, but I want to see how long I can hold against you."

"Sure, go ahead," Abaddon said with a friendly smile.

"Thank you," the Unbreakable King answered before he started to cast several powerful Spells.

A moment later, a terrifying shield of the most powerful metal appeared around him, and the power of a planet itself seemed to encompass and shield him from everything that could harm him.

The metal fused with the planet, and it was almost like the Unbreakable King now represented the core of a star made of iron.

"That all?" Abaddon asked.

The next moment, the Unbreakable King narrowed his eyes and took out several objects.

These were the things that the Emperors had prepared for him to deal with King Sanctified Death.

CRKSH!

Silence.

The star of metal had suddenly imploded to a quarter of its earlier size and started to fall to the ground.

Naturally, the Unbreakable King couldn't survive something like that.

"Whoops," Abaddon said with embarrassment. "I thought he could survive that. Sorry for the boring match."

When the Emperors saw that, they grew shocked once again.

They knew that King Sanctified Death was powerful, but they had no idea that he was that powerful!

In fact, he could probably even fight a Mage Emperor.

That was a jump of five levels! After all, the Mage Emperors were all at the Peak of their Realm.

No other Mage King could even hope to resist them.

The Emperors once more realized that their plans wouldn't work.

At this moment, they were actually happy that Shang was here.

They needed Shang to weaken King Sanctified Death!

"Winner, the Judgment Palace."Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Abaddon just smiled and flew back to Kali, who didn't show any reaction to what had happened.

Three Mage Kings had already died.

"Next round," Isis Neweston said.

"First match, the warrior versus the Abyssfrost Queen."

Shang floated forward, and the Abyssfrost Queen followed.

"Malicious," Gregorio said emotionlessly.

"Benign," Bina Ching said, even though it wouldn't make a difference.

"Start!" Isis Neweston announced.

In an instant, the Abyssfrost Queen readied several Spells.

If she was going to die, at least she would die fighting!

BANG!

Suddenly, her Mana Shield broke as another black tear appeared in the world, but compared to the last one, this tear didn't reach her body.

It simply consumed all her Mana.

The next moment, the Abyssfrost Queen's eyes shot open in terror and pain.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!"

An incomprehensibly loud scream of terror and pain echoed throughout the world.

The Abyssfrost Queen was convulsing in the air, helpless to do anything.

The Emperors grimaced at the pure cry of pain they were hearing.

They were not certain what was happening, but they knew that Shang was torturing the Abyssfrost Queen.

"KILL ME! KILL ME! KILL ME! KILL ME!" the Abyssfrost Queen kept shouting.

But Shang didn't answer.

At this moment, small specks of Entropy were appearing inside the Abyssfrost Queen's soul. The small specks combined with the bits of Mana and created tiny bursts of Destruction.

The Abyssfrost Queen's soul was being torn apart thousands of times per second.

Slowly, Shang's head turned to look at Bina Ching.

His message was clear.

Bina Ching hadn't been truly involved in the campaign to kill Shang until the Grand Tournament, but then, she had truly gone against him.

Of course, if this were the only reason, Shang would have done the same to the Duality Queen.

The other reason was that Shang wanted to show another side.

In his first fight, he showed that he could kill whoever he wanted whenever he wanted.

In the second fight, he showed that he could even keep them forcefully alive and torture them for all eternity.

The purpose of this second fight was to instill the Emperors with as much fear as possible.

For six hours, the Emperors just watched with discomfort as the Abyssfrost Queen was slowly turned into a husk of a person.

Eventually, she died, and Shang just dropped her corpse.

Except for that one movement of his head, he hadn't moved at all.

He had tortured the Abyssfrost Queen to death without even moving or doing anything.

"Winner, the Lightning Manor," Isis Neweston announced with an emotionless voice.

Shang slowly floated back.

"Next, the lcespear Queen versus King Sanctified Death."

As the two combatants floated forward, Nivera Preston looked at Kali.

Nivera Preston had never gone against Kali.

She had always helped her if she needed anything.

"Malicious," Kali simply said.

Nivera Preston immediately felt stifled and frustrated.

"Benign," she said.

"Start," Isis Neweston announced.

The second most powerful Mage King versus the most powerful Mage King.

Usually, one would expect this to be an exciting fight.

Yet, everyone knew how this would go.

Abaddon just smiled, and a moment later, the lcespear Queen was turned into a little ball of meat.

The Emperors just took deep breaths. Nearly all the Mage Kings had died.

The only two that remained were the Fierycold Queen and the Sacredflame King.

Every other Mage King had died.

The finale was approaching.

Abaddon versus Shang.

All the Mage Emperors became nervous as the fight approached.

This was it!

This was the moment of truth!

Shang versus King Sanctified Death!

After this fight, the fate of the world would be decided.

All the Mage Emperors would unite against Kali and Abaddon after they had won.