The Emperors readied their Spells while Abaddon just watched with a friendly smile.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Shang just stood behind Abaddon like a faithful servant.

Kali and Gregorio were readying their own Spells.

There were nine Emperors present, and twoof them would be fighting against the other seven.

However, Abaddon and Shang also had the power of Emperors, making their side have four Emperors.

Four versus seven.

As everyone gathered Mana, all of Aterium seemed to transform.

Even the True Mages at the edges of Aterium felt the Mana rapidly moving away from their position.

Even the weakest humans realized that something monumental was happening.

The Mage Kings could already guess what was happening.

The Emperors were fighting Abaddon.

"And I thought we could do all of this peacefully," Abaddon said with a helpless smile.

Nobody answered him.

Instead, an apocalyptic storm of violent Mana gathered behind the Emperors.

A majority of all the Mana in the world gathered behind them, and the sheer presence of this Mana had already destroyed the Horizon.

Now, they had returned to the real world, and the Mana was even destroying the atmosphere itself.

SHING!

The next moment, a black booklet appeared in Gregorio's hands.

Kali was gathering all the Death Mana she had.

Yet, Shang and Abaddon were still just hovering there, doing nothing.

CRRRRK!

Suddenly, a black tear appeared in the atmosphere, and the Fierycold Queen, who had been watching from a distance, died.

She had survived the tournament, but in the end, she had still died.

The Emperors couldn't spare any focus for the dead Mage King right now. They were too busy preparing for the final battle.

However, the next moment, a pearl appeared in the place where the Fierycold Queen had just been.

In an instant, the pearl absorbed all the Mana, and a bit later, it appeared directly in front of Gregorio.

An lnheritor Sphere!

The Emperors gritted their teeth.

They knew what this meant!

Instantly, the Emperors released their storm of destruction.

Reality was being torn apart as the storm shot toward the four of them.

The gathered power of seven Emperors was simply too powerful!

In Gregorio's hands, a couple of pages fluttered, and the next moment, the lnheritor Sphere in front of Gregorio vanished.

Gregorio had sacrificed the Fierycold Queen's Mana to Entropy!

The apocalyptic storm in front of the four of them vanished without any sign.

Destruction always acted in a very silent manner.

Usually, it wouldn't be easy to defend against such a powerful attack, but with Entropy, they had managed.

The combined attack had been dealt with.

WHOOOOOOM!

Suddenly, the Death Mana Kali had gathered violently expanded outward, swallowing everyone and isolating them from the world.

The Emperors had to defend against that attack, or they would take significant damage!

Additionally, they all knew how Kali fought.

Kali had a terrifying amount of Death Mana inside her, but recovering the Death Mana took a long time. Recovering Death Mana during a battle was not feasible for her.

So, as long as they managed to get rid of the Death Mana Kali had gathered, she would be significantly weakened.

Because of that, all the Emperors attacked the Death Mana around them.

The more they destroyed, the better!

Kali might have been able to split the Emperors apart for a moment, but the Death Mana she would lose would prove to be a costly price.

While the Emperors were attacking the Death Mana, Nivera Preston, the Deepsteel Empress, felt something approach.

For some reason, the darkness in front of her seemed to be even darker than every other spot.

Suddenly, the darkness enveloped her.

CRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!

It was like her Mana Shield had been thrown into an ocean of spinning circular saws!

Nivera felt her Mana rapidly fall, and she immediately used Mana Step.

But it didn't work!

What?!

How?!

For some reason, her Mana Stepjust wouldn't work!

An instant later, Nivera managed to glean what was attacking her.

It was Abaddon!

Death Mana was violently attacking Nivera's Mana Shield, but she couldn't tell how it worked. Additionally, the density of the Death Mana couldn't compare to Kali's Death Mana, and yet, the way the Death Mana was attacking her Mana Shield was crazy!

In this short moment, Nivera had already lost 25% of her Mana!

But that wasn't the end.

CRKCRKCRKCRK!

In an instant, 36 attacks hit her Mana Shield!

These attacks had all come at nearly the same time!

With terror, Nivera realized that she had lost another 50% of her Mana!

Together with Kali's attack, she only had around 15% of her Mana left!

The fight had just started!

"I'm sorry."

Nivera's eyes widened.

BOOOOOM!

Nivera's Mana Shield blew apart as a searing beam of sunlight and fire tore through her body.

Until the very end, Nivera's mind couldn't come to terms with what happened.

As Nivera's body disintegrated, a person was revealed.

It was Linastra Boomwitch, the Sungod Empress.

Linastra looked with a mixture of pain, determination, and discomfort at the disintegrating Nivera Preston.

Nivera Preston, the Deepsteel Empress, had died.

An Emperor had died.

An instant later, an lnheritor Sphere appeared where Nivera had just been.

At the same time, the other Emperors destroyed all the Death Mana, allowing them to see the world again.

Yet, the first thing they saw was Linastra grabbing an lnheritor Sphere and arriving in front of Abaddon.

The shock the Emperors felt couldn't be put into words.

Linastra had betrayed them?!

Linastra had joined Abaddon?!

"Thank you," Abaddon said with a polite smile as he accepted the lnheritor Sphere.

Linastra didn't say anything and stepped beside Gregorio, facing the other Emperors.

A moment later, the Emperors noticed that Nivera Preston was missing.

One of them had already died.

Many years ago, they had all journeyed together across the world.

They had traveled with eleven people in total.

Lucius had been their leader.

Gregorio had officially been the second-in-command.

Kali had unofficially been the second-in-command.

Amon Gus had been a serious scientist who tried to understand everything.

Bina Ching had been an icy beauty that many wanted to conquer. Yet, deep inside, she deeply cared for all her friends.

Brutus Cesar had always been at the forefront of battle, and he always volunteered to take on the most dangerous position.

Jenny Greenhouse had been responsible for all their equipment, and she had also dealt with their finances.

Isis Neweston had originally only been an agent of a powerful rival, but she had eventually fullyjoined Lucius' group and had become a valuable asset.

Linastra had been a battle-hungry maniac, and she had always had a deep rivalry with Brutus Cesar.

Adam had been focused on supporting everyone, and his charming personality brightened everyone's clay.

Nivera Preston had led all theirfollowers. All the weaker Mages looked up to her and followed her command.

The group had once gone through so many adventures.

And now, they had turned into this.

Lucius had become a God.

Kali and Gregorio had betrayed everyone else.

Adam and Nivera were dead.

And Linastra had now also betrayed them.

The happy and laughing group of adventurers had turned into this.

What had gone wrong?

The five remaining Emperors looked at each other and nodded.

Things had already become this terrible.

There was no longer any reason to wait.