Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

As the Emperors made their decision, Abaddon jumped back.

Gregorio, Kali, and Linastra stepped in front of him, and Shang stepped in front of them.

A moment later, Abaddon focused on the lnheritor Sphere in his hands, and he began to violently consume the Mana.

Reaching the next Realm always took a bit of time, but someone with Abaddon's talent and experience could expedite things.

Injust some seconds, Abaddon would become an Initial Mage Emperor.

Abaddon could already fight one of the Emperors.

If he actually became a Mage Emperor, he could probably fight three to five of them at the same time!

It didn't matter that they all were Peak Mage Emperors.

If Abaddon managed to become a Mage Emperor, the fight would be over.

Yet, for some reason, the Emperors didn't seem worried.

Instead, only determination and acceptance could be seen in their eyes.

"There's no other way," Bina Ching spoke.

The next moment, something happened.

Between the two groups, a transparent figure appeared.

In an instant, that transparent figure became solid, and everyone focused on it.

It was an old man with grey hair and along beard. He wore grey scholarly robes, and many different trinkets hung from his body.

His eyes were determined but calm, and they spoke of unparalleled wisdom.

Shang had never seen this person, but he immediately knew who this was.

The Archivist.

The Archivist was still suppressed by Lucius' Spell, but he could still travel across the world.

The next moment, the Archivist held up his right arm, and the five Emperors cast some Spells.

The bracelet on the Archivist's right arm became thinner and less bright.

It was obvious that Lucius' restrictive Spell had weakened considerably.

This had probably been what the Emperors had given the Archivist.

Shang, Abaddon, Gregorio, Kali, and Linastra weren't sure what they had offered.

Linastra had always assumed a very neutral stance, and the other Emperors hadn't even told her of their plan.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

When Gregorio saw what was happening, he retrieved the bracelet he had gotten from Lucius.

BANG!

And broke it!

BANG!

The bracelet on the Archivist's arm also broke into pieces, and he looked at his arm with an unreadable expression.

The other Emperors narrowed their eyes, but deep inside, they grew nervous.

The Archivist had been freed.

Nobody knew what the Archivist would do now.

For the first time in an eternity, he was free.

He could do whatever he wanted without fear of repercussion.

Yet, the Archivist didn't seem to care much.

His demeanor didn't change.

"It does not matter," the Archivist's old voice spoke.

"Mages, warriors, beast tamers, beasts, cultivators, it does not matter."

"It does not matter who rules the world."

"The five Emperors win, and things return to the status quo."

"The talented youngsters win, and life resets."

"In a million years, nobody will remember this conflict."

"In the eternal history of Aterium, this battle will be a footnote like all the other battles for supremacy."

"You all believe your importance to be greater than it actually is," the Archivist spoke slowly.

"I could not care less for the outcome."

The five Emperors grew nervous.

If the Archivist didn't help them, they would most likely die today!

Abaddon couldn't battle right now, but if Shang's power was actually on the level of an Emperor, the enemy had four Emperors that could battle.

Even more, Kali could fight two of them at the same time equally, and Gregorio would most likely win against his opponent, freeing him up to help Kali.

If the Archivist didn't help them, they would die!

"Nevertheless," the Archivist said.

The Emperors grew excited again.

The next moment, the Archivist turned his head and looked at one person.

Shang.

"While I can deal with the resurgence of new life, I can not allow the world itself to stop existing," the Archivist spoke slowly.

The Emperors looked with confusion at Shang.

Shang didn't react.

"The Child of Calamity must be eliminated for the good of the world," the Archivist spoke as he fully turned to face Shang.

Silence and shock.

The Child of Calamity?!

Shang?!

But they had checked Shang so many times!

They had tested his mind, blood, soul, everything!

Shang didn't show any reaction.

The one that felt the most shock was Linastra.

She had connected her life to the Child of Calamity?!

The next moment, everyone looked at the people behind Shang.

Abaddon was still absorbing Mana.

Kali and Gregorio showed no reaction.

This meant that they had already known!

They had knowingly supported the Child of Calamity!

He was the reason!

This warrior!

This warrior was why trillions of people died!

This warrior was why all the Mages in the world were dying!

This warrior was why there was less and less Mana in the world!

It was him!

For 50,000 years, he managed to stay hidden!

The Child of Calamity had been right in front of them this entire time!

If Shang managed to become an Emperor, Abomination Emperors would appear all over the world, and the Emperors were certain that this meant the end of the world!

In an instant, an ocean of rage towards Shang, Gregorio, and Kali formed in all their hearts.

How could they?!

These traitors!

These monsters!

They were fine with sacrificing that many lives?!

However, the Emperors knew that they couldn't focus on their emotions right now.

They had to stop Abaddon from advancing!

BANG!

The Emperors readied their Spells and entered battle.

Gregorio, Linastra, and Kali answered in kind.

The battles had started.

Kali was fighting Amon Gus and Brutus Cesar, a terrifying combo. If Kali had all her Death Mana left, she would likely win, but as things stood, she would likely lose quite soon.

Gregorio was fighting Bina Ching. Bina Ching was amongst the strongest Emperors. Most likely, she was weaker than Gregorio, but she would be able to hold out for a long

time.

Lastly, Linastra was fighting Jenny Greenhouse and Isis Neweston. Obviously, one of them could already fight Linastra evenly, but with both of them fighting her at once, her loss was only a matter of time.

The plan of the Emperors was obviously to kill Linastra first.

After that, they would fight Gregorio with three people.

And finally, they would fight Kali with five.

Earlier, the Emperors had been at a disadvantage, but now, they were at an advantage.

All because of the Archivist.

The Archivist would deal with the Child of Calamity.

The Emperors expected the fight to be over very quickly.