Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The Event Horizon Empire turned into a brutal battlefield.

Every existence in the Ninth Realm was battling.

The last time something like this had happened was when the beasts had been killed by the combined forces of humanity.

When Lucius had grown powerful, there had never been such a great battle. Lucius had killed all the other Emperors in duels individually.

No matter what came of the battle, the entire world would be changed forever.

As soon as the Emperors clashed, every living being in a radius of a million kilometers died, except for the Mage Kings.

The Mage Kings could still defend, but the weaker beings couldn't.

For a radius of two million kilometers, everything below the Fourth Realm died.

The destruction only stopped at a radius of three million kilometers.

This was already brutal, but one had to remember how big Aterium was.

The biggest radius of destruction barely covered the Event Horizon Empire.

The other 90% of Aterium received no damage.

The world could recover from something like this.

As all of this was going on, the Archivist summoned five different artifacts.

One of them was a floating sword that was being orbited by small streams made of even smaller swords.

One of them was a powerful round horn from a mystical beast, emanating an impossible feeling of domination.

One of them was a book that summoned Magic Circles on its pages.

One of them was a chain with several hooks that were filled to the brim with dangerous forms of Mana.

The last one was a spinning trinket representing Yin and Yang.

Each one of these artifacts represented one era of Aterium.

The Yin and Yang symbol represented the supremacy of the Cultivators.

The Horn represented the beasts.

The Chain Hook represented the beast tamers and beast controllers.

The floating sword with streamers represented the powerful Weapon Masters.

And the book represented the Mages.

The Archivist had lived for an unbelievable amount of time, and he had learned from all the different Paths.

"You've lived for long enough," the Archivist said.

Then, the Yin and Yang symbol started to rotate quickly.

In the next instant, a shining beam of opposing forces rapidly shot towards Shang.

Shang immediately summoned his Domain of Entropy and lifted his sword to block.
CRACK!

Shang's sword exploded and turned into tiny fragments.

It couldn't possibly resist such a powerful attack.

At the same time, Shang was shot into the distance and became heavily injured.

The Archivist didn't seem surprised that Shang survived and simply launched the same attack again.

The next moment, Shang summoned his second sword, which caught on fire.

Then, Shang released a terrifying wave of black fire.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

BOOOOOM!

The two forces canceled each other out after colliding.

However, Shang's second sword had also been turned into dust.

Both of Shang's weapons had vanished!

Some of the Emperors noticed and grew exched.

The warrior was out of weapons!

The Child of Calamity would finally die!

The Archivist used the same attack again.

This time, Shang wouldn't be able to defend himself anymore.

CRRRRRRRK!

An ear-piercing sound reverberated throughout the world.

The Archivist wasn't surprised, but the Emperors were.

Even Kali threw a quick glance at Shang.

Abaddon also opened his eyes for a moment to look at Shang.

Just now, Shang's body had transformed, and terrifying black claws appeared on the end of Shang's bulky arms.

Even more, two powerful legs had shot out of Shang's torso!

A couple of black pieces of ore floated through the air, and Shang's claws had received a couple of small cuts.

Naturally, blocking such an attack was beyond difficult.

The Emperors almost couldn't believe what they were seeing.

The warrior actually wasn't injured?!

And then, they saw a smirk on Shang's lips.

Shang's right claw moved to his head and ripped the bandage off.

He didn't need it anymore.

No one except for the God could hide from Shang's senses anymore, and the bandage also wouldn't tell Shang when the God was looking at him.

The bandage had become useless.

A moment later, Shang's black and white eyes were revealed, and the entire atmosphere changed.

When they saw Shang's eyes, the Emperors realized one thing.

Abaddon was not the danger.

Shang was the true danger!

This sheer aura of confidence and power in front of the Archivist couldn't be faked.

Shang was actually confident in fighting the Archivist!

Looking at Shang felt like looking at the end of the world for these Emperors.

Shang couldn't survive!

Shang wasn't allowed to survive!

No matter the price, Shang had to die!

The Archivist's eyes narrowed.

Shang's smirk only widened.

The next moment, Shang slashed forward with his claw.

At the same time, the Horn beside the Archivist gave off a terrifyingly loud droning sound.

WHOOOOOOOOM!

Five tiny cuts appeared in front of the Archivist, but the vibrating reality around the Archivist was dispersing the cuts like they were stains.

Shang slashed several more times, but they all got dispersed before they could even touch the Archivist's Mana Shield.

Shang's smirk transformed into an interested grin when he saw that.

WHOOOOM!

The next moment, all the Mana around the Archivist vanished.

Shang had used one of his new abilities.

Shang could now summon his Domain of Entropy at any place inside his Spirit Sense, and right now, the Archivist was enveloped by Shang's Domain of Entropy.

Then, the sound of pages turning echoed throughout the battlefield.

The next moment, Shang's Domain of Entropy froze around the Archivist.

Shang's Domain of Entropy actually stopped converting Mana!

Shang was quite surprised when he saw that.

Someone managed to essentially deactivate his Domain of Entropy?

Sure enough, the Archivist was extremely experienced and powerful.

WHOOOOM!

The Horn sounded again, and Shang felt his Domain of Entropy disperse across the world.

At the same time, Shang felt a horrible headache appearing in his mind.

It was like his mind had been overexerted just now.

Yet, Shang's grin only widened, and he grew even more interested in the Archivist's powers.

 