Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The Yin and Yang symbol began to spin again, but this time, the hook and chain began to shine.

A black light came off the hook at the end of the chain, and the chain itself was shining in a bright red light.

A moment later, the hook shot toward Shang.

As the hook approached, Shang felt the reality around him solidify, making it difficult for him to move.

The next moment, the destructive energies of the Ying and Yang symbol arrived.

The Archivist's attacks were already incredibly fast, and with the hook's suppression, it became even more difficult.

WHOOOOM!

The next moment, the Domain of Entropy reappeared around Shang, but it was different from before.

One of Shang's claws vanished, and Shang's Domain of Entropy intensified.

The destructive forces of the Yin and Yang symbol were weakened significantly, and they became so weak that they couldn't injure Shang's body anymore.

However, that didn't help against the hook.

The power of the hook didn't become weaker.

It was almost like it didn't interact with the Domain of Entropy at all.

The other Emperors watched with excitement.

Shang was about to die!

It was finally over!

But Shang only snorted in amusement.

CLING!Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

The atmosphere rapidly changed.

What?!

The Emperors couldn't believe what they were seeing!

So many swords!

36 swords!

Just now, 36 swords had appeared between the hook and Shang, and they had blocked the hook together!

The hook had managed to destroy one of them, but the destroyed sword quickly reappeared.

The next moment, the 36 swords pulled to the side, revealing Shang.

36 tentacles ending in 36 swords.

There were all manners of swords present.

The Emperors couldn't come to terms with what they were seeing.

How was this possible?!

Gregorio didn't seem surprised.

Kali and Abaddon shot two quick glances at Shang with surprise.

They had expected that Shang was powerful, but they hadn't expected that he would turn into something like this!

Linastra's feelings were going crazy since she had connected her life to such a monster!

This was no longer a human!

What even was this?!

At this moment, Abaddon didn't seem as dangerous anymore.

Abaddon was extremely dangerous, but at least he was still a human!

The Archivist's Aura grew even more solemn.

Shang's smile widened.

WHOOOOOOM!

The Horn released another sound.

CRKCRKCRKCRK!

The Emperors hadn't thought it to be possible, but they grew even more shocked!

Just now, they had seen the Archivist's Mana Shield vibrate.

That meant that something had hit it!

One had to remember that hitting the Archivist's Mana Shield was already beyond difficult with all his defensive measures!

Yet, Shang had actually managed to do so!

Of course, based on the vibrations, the attacks hadn't been very strong, but they had still hit.

Shang had managed to get past the Horn!

The next moment, all of the Archivist's artifacts began to shine.

He was no longer taking it easy.

The Yin and Yang symbol released terrifying storms of destructive energy.

The Horn shook the world around the Archivist, severely increasing his defensive power.

The Chain Hook suppressed the world around Shang and shot at him with incredible power.

The streams around the floating sword enlarged and destroyed the world as they bathed Shang in a river of destruction.

The book released one powerful Spell after the other, each one as powerful as a Mage Emperor's Spell, and the book released four times as many Spells as an Emperor could launch!

It was an incomparable offense.

It was debatable if anyone in Aterium had ever released such a powerful and varied ofiense.

A cacophony of different sounds exploded out of Shang's surroundings.

The forces of the Yin and Yang symbol were grinding on Shang's hard body.

The Chain Hook destroyed a sword.

The Spells released by the book were all either blocked, parried, deflected, or reflected.

The unending river of destruction from the floating sword was being kept at bay by over 15 of Shang's swords.

More and more black cuts appeared in the air around the Archivist before they were dispersed.

The fights of the other Emperors had slowed down significantly at this moment.

No one could concentrate on their battle anymore.

They were too shocked.

The Archivist was unleashing powers that no one could possibly summon or resist.

Just his book was already unleashing the offensive power of three Emperors at once.

He was using five artifacts!

And despite all of this... Despite this brutal offensive...

Shang was still managing to unleash attacks on the Archivist's Mana Shield!

The Emperors had difficulties believing what they were seeing.

Someone in the Peak Eighth Realm was managing to fight the Archivist evenly!

It was incomprehensible!

Lucius Volstad, the Mage God, could have only jumped a single level against the Archivist.

By now, everyone knew that Abaddon was superior to Lucius.

Nevertheless, Abaddon could, at most,jump two levels.

Abaddon was the most talented Mage in history!

But Shang...

This warrior...

Was jumping five levels against the Archivist!

This wasn't real!

This couldn't be real!

"HAHAHAHAHAHA!"

Everyone looked at Shang in shock.

Just now, Shang had laughed loudly.

Shang hadn't been able to hold his laugh back anymore.

The looks of the Emperors just now had fulfilled one of his deepest cravings.

 

Revenge.

Finally, the Emperors realized their weakness and worthlessness!

Like insects caught in a jar, they had believed that they could escape.

They had believed that they actually had control over their lives.

They had actually believed that they had agency over their destiny.

But now, they had realized the truth.

All their plans had been worthless.

All their schemes had been pointless.

The Archivist could kill all the other Mage Emperors on his own.

And Shang was fighting the Archivist evenly.

So, didn't this mean that Shang could kill all the Mage Emperors on his own as well?!

The tournament...

The battles...

The schemes...

The betrayal...

Nothing had mattered!

From the very beginning, they had been helpless in front of Shang!

As Shang was drowned in attacks, he couldn't stop laughing.

"Come!" Shang shouted.

"Attack me!"

"Maybe, with all of you combined, you can achieve something!"

The Archivist's Aura grew even more solemn, and he nodded at the other Emperors.

The Emperors looked at Gregorio, Kali, and Linastra.

They didn't seem to mind.

The next moment, the five Emperors shot towards Shang.

They had to help the Archivist!

"HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!"

 