Shang just laughed loudly as all the Emperors began to attack him.

Amon Gus, the Twilight Dusk Emperor, released terrifying lasers of darkness.

Bina Ching, the Darkcold Empress, releaseda blizzard made of darkness and ice.

Brutus Cesar, the Land and Sky Emperor, released a terrifying storm filled with stones.

Jenny Greenhouse, the Climate Empress, released alternating storms of hot and cold.

Isis Neweston, the Event Horizon Empress, helped the Archivist's Horn in defending from Shang's attacks.

DING!

Amon Gus' lasers were dispersed by a huge

sword.

CRRRRR!

Bina Ching's storm was weakened by the Domain of Entropy and finally collapsed when it hit Shang's powerful body.

The same thing happened to Brutus Cesar's storm.

Jenny Greenhouse's avalanche of attacks was parted by three of Shang's swords cutting through them.

Naturally, these were not all the attacks. The Emperors were releasing one attack after the other, after all.

At the side, Gregorio, Linastra, Kali, and Abaddon were just watching.

Abaddon was still absorbing Mana, but he also couldn't help watching Shang fight.

At this moment, Kali remembered her conversation with Abaddon a couple of years ago.

"I am willing to follow the warrior," Abaddon had said.

As always, Kali hadn't shown a big reaction.

"Why?" was the only question she had asked.

"Because he became a King without using up any Mana," Abaddon said as he looked at the Judgment Palace. "Someone on his level needs a lot of Mana, and by managing to reach the Eighth Realm without using any Mana, he has shown that he has learned to absorb the Abominations."

"I am uncertain what the Abominations are made of, but we all know there has to be some kind of mysterious force that can't be harnessed by anyone. Their destructive potential is just too great."

Abaddon chuckled a bit.

"Back when l detonated my remote body, I wanted to waste his time. I wanted him to spend millennia in a coma so that he wouldn't find the time to attain a sevenfold Spirit Sense."

"But based on what you told me, he managed to cheat longevity, which makes my past efforts irrelevant."

"He wouldn't have reached the Eighth Realm without undergoing another Transformation."

"Even more, he has managed to attain eternal life without becoming an Emperor, which means that he has become powerful enough to break a fundamental law of the world."

"If he can even resist something like natural death, his power has probably undergone a significant transformation."

Abaddon chuckled.

"I don't know how powerful he has become, but I can be sure of one thing."

"When the Ultimate Tournament happens, I will not be able to fight him."

Back when Abaddon had said these words, Kali hadn't been entirely sure about them.

But now, as she watched Shang battle five Emperors and the Archivist as a Peak Sword King, she realized that Abaddon had still underestimated Shang.

When Kali saw Shang fight, she only thought one thing.

'My power is irrelevant.'

Meanwhile, Abaddon felt like he had chosen correctly.

'Even with my World Suppression, I can't stop him,' he thought with a bitter chuckle.

World Suppression was a unique ability that combined all the level six Concepts in existence, except for the level six Concepts of Life and Death.

With World Suppression, Abaddon could summon a power that mimicked the power of an entire world.

The pressure that had killed Abaddon's opponents in the tournament was only one aspect of this ability.Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

That pressure had just been the pressure of the world.

There was also the gravity, the space, the time, the weight, and so on.

All of these abilities could be unleashed at once, making it seem like an entire world was crashing down on someone.

It represented mastery over existence itself.

Logically, this should be the most powerful ability that could be achieved.

Everything in the world would attack without exception.

It included all the Concepts.

And yet, this godlike ability couldn't stop Shang.

Why?

Because Shang was no longer part of this world.

A body could only hold so much Mana. After all, the existence of people was dictated by the Concepts, and the Concepts could only stretch so much.

Yet, Shang's body was, at least, two levels stronger than the maximum of what the Concepts allowed.

Nevertheless, Shang's body had to be made with some kind of Concept. After all, without a Concept, something couldn't exist.

This meant that Shang's body could have only been made by a Concept from outside this world.

It was more advanced.

It was stronger.

It was better.

It was like Abaddon had mastered and weaponized the planet Earth. No matter who fought him, the entirety of Earth would kill them. It was impossible to gain any more power than this on Earth.

Yet, when Jupiter suddenly crashed into Earth, it didn't matter.

Jupiter was just way bigger and heavier.

Jupiter represented power outside of the world, which was Earth in this case.

Naturally, Shang was Jupiter in this analogy.

If Shang's body were still made of only Mana, Abaddon would be able to fight him.

Shang would most likely still win, but it wouldn't be a one-sided fight.

But with the addition of Entropy, resistance had become futile.

The only reason why Shang hadn't won yet was his Realm.

He was an entire Realm below everyone.

Kali was surprised.

Abaddon was nervous but also relieved.

Gregorio seemed apathetic.

And Linastra seemed to feel all kinds of emotions right now.

The Emperors were attacking Shang with everything they had.

Five Emperors and the Archivist.

CRACK!

Another one of Shang's swords was broken by the Chain Hook.

DING!

One of Amon Gus' lasers managed to destroy one of Shang's arms.

By now, Shang had stopped attacking.

Under the Archivist's barrage, Shang had still been able to attack, but with the addition of all the Emperors, Shang was too busy defending.

Even more, defending became more and more difficult.

All of these attacks were incredibly powerful, and Shang's body wasn't on the level of these attacks.

Shang had already become silent.

The Emperors became excited and strengthened their assault even more!

They were killing him!

They could win!

Kali and Linastra looked at Gregorio.

Gregorio just seemed apathetic and filled with acceptance.

He didn't seem like he was afraid that Shang would die.

Beneath the warping time and tearing space, only a toothy grin adorned Shang's face.