Silence.

Horrified silence.

The Emperors couldn't understand what was happening.

This wasn't even an Abomination anymore.

What even was this?!

The eyes just looked at the Emperors.

BANG!

Suddenly, five gigantic black tears appeared in front of the Emperors.

In an instant, all their Mana Shields exploded!

The Emperors felt like they had been separated from the world around them, and with terror, they realized that the black tears were pulling them in.

Yet, they had no more Mana left to resist the pull.

"You've amused me enough," Shang's dark and all-encompassing voice echoed.

The next moment, a Domain of Entropy appeared around the five of them.

The five Emperors screamed in horror and pain as their skin and flesh started to turn into pure Mana.

WHOOOOOOM!

An apocalyptic storm of Neutral Mana.

Reality warped as the densest mass of Neutral Mana in history expanded across the world.

The Mage Kings and Beast Kings felt like they had woken from an illusion.

Everything had become so clear!

It was like they were color-blind people that could suddenly see color!

The Mana density of the world multiplied by over 50 times of what it normally was!

Peak Mage Lords who didn't know what was happening suddenly felt like there was enough Mana for them to become Mage Kings.

Beast Lords felt like they could become Beast Kings.

Within minutes of the five Emperors dying, over 50 Mage Kings and Beast Kings appeared across the world, and it would only become crazier with time.

Those 50 were just the ones who saw the opportunity and immediately took it.

At the same time, the natural forces became more powerful.

Winds became stronger.

Ice became colder.

Fire became hotter.

Metal became harder.

Even more, expensive Magic Circles stopped using up Mana Crystals.

Plants grew faster.

Animals became stronger.

Within ten hours, the Mana density dropped by over 90% again.

It was like the world had finally been able to take a breath after such a long time!

Everything was revitalized.

The future had been broken wide open!

It was like the world had woken up from a nightmare.

Yet, the true nightmare was still in the former Event Horizon Empire.

At this moment, Kali, Abaddon, and the Archivist looked at Shang with horror.

This was not what they had expected!

This was no man!

No beast!

No Abomination!

No God!

They didn't even know what this was!

Was this truly the injured warrior?!

Gregorio just sighed as he looked at the places where his former friends had just been.

They had once been a group of eleven.

Now, they were only two.

Gregorio and Kali.

Gregorio knew that the era of the Mages was over.

In fact, the era of humanity might even be over.

Gregorio just hoped that it wasn't the era of Aterium that was over.

He had done his best over the past 50,000 years.

He had supported Shang, and he had always asked him to spare Aterium and only kill the necessary people.

Now, there was no more way for Gregorio to influence Shang anymore.

Over 51,000 years, Shang's personality had been formed and solidified.

And now, it was time to see what decision Shang would make.

What would Shang do to the world?

Would Aterium survive?

Would Abaddon survive?

Would Kali survive?

Would Gregorio survive?

While Gregorio, Kali, and Abaddon looked at Shang with anticipation and dread, the Archivistjust looked at the world with a forlorn expression.

He had done his best.

At this moment, the Archivist was filled with regrets.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

For the past 50,000 years, he hadn't paid much attention to the world.

After having been somewhat freed by Lucius back then, the Archivist had traveled the world, but eventually, he had returned to his home in the south again.

In the past, the Archivist had looked at Abaddon for a while, but then, he had simply waited.

Hejust wanted to see whether or not Abaddon would be able to become the next hegemon.

If only he had paid more attention to others.

If only he had looked at Shang.

He would have been able to notice that he was the Child of Calamity.

Yet, the Archivist had only focused on his own research.

And now, the world would vanish.

"You can leave."

The Archivist lifted his head and looked at the gigantic

black mass.

He could leave?

"You are the Archivist," the black mass spoke.

"It is your duty to witness the fate of the world."

"I don't want to keep you from your duty," the voice spoke in a ridiculing tone.

After a bit, the Archivist looked down again.

There was nothing he could do anymore.

Just like with all the other hegemons of the past, the Archivist could do nothing but watch.

Eventually, the Archivist left without saying anything.

Kali and Abaddon were not sure if Shang was looking at them or not since the eyes basically looked at everything at the same time.

"Abaddon," the dark voice spoke.

Abaddon took a deep breath and looked at Shang.

Abaddon had expected Shang to be powerful, but he hadn't expected anything remotely like this.

"You gave me the level five Concept of Death."

"You spoke up for me in the tournament."

"And most importantly, you told me what I could potentially become in the future, whether you envisioned this form or not."

"I am not going to kill you," Shang said.

For the first time in Abaddon's life, he felt genuine relief.

He hadn't even known that he could feel things like this.

"Kali," Shang said.

Kali looked at Shang with just the tiniest bit of nervousness.

"You supported Abaddon, and Abaddon supported me."

"If Abaddon wants you to die, he can do it himself."

"I will not kill you."

Kali wasn't sure if she felt relief or not.

"Gregorio," Shang said.

Gregorio just looked at Shang without any motivation.

"A deal's a deal."

"You helped me, and in exchange, I will bring you out of this world."

"Whether you are content or not with the price you've paid to leave is none of my concern."

"Take 1,000 years to say your goodbyes."

"In 1,000 years..."

"We will look at the level six Concepts of Life and Death."