Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

So, this was it, huh?

This was the fate of the world.

As the most powerful being in the world, Shang had made hisjudgment.

The world would reset in a thousand years.

In a thousand years, everything that was alive would die.

The world would transform into a lifeless and dead planet.

By now, Abaddon had regained his usual confident calm, and he could only smile happily.

He would get what he had always wished for.

Abaddon had comprehended every single Concept in existence except for the level six Concepts of Life and Death.

With those two, Abaddon would finally know all of them.

He would know how all of Aterium worked.

Maybe, he could even build his own Aterium in the future?

Maybe, he could change how his own Aterium worked?

Now that Abaddon was at the cusp of understanding everything, he wanted to look further.

There had to be ways to increase the power of his own world.

But to find that answer, Abaddon needed to learn the two last Concepts first.

Kali had also calmed down by now, and she had accepted Shang's power.

Right now, she was only happy that she hadn't truly betrayed Shang.

Yes, during the fight, she had only involved herself very late, essentially dooming Shang.

However, that actually couldn't be considered a betrayal. After all, Shang had never asked for help, and he had even wanted to fight all the Emperors on his own.

Kali had simply done what Shang had wanted.

Naturally, Shang had realized what had been going through everyone's heads back then.

He knew that Kali wanted to use this opportunity to

get rid of him.

But that didn't matter, actually.

She hadn't gone against Shang's orders.

As for Gregorio, he had already known how the day would end.

He had witnessed Shang becoming more and more powerful over the past years, and he had known that no one could have possibly resisted him.

Now, Gregorio knew what his past choices amounted to.

All life in the world would end.

However, after that, new life would appear.

Even more, the Mana that had been reserved by the Mage Emperors would finally be freed.

Although...

Gregorio looked at Abaddon.

By now, it was clear that Abaddon would become the next God by absorbing the majority of Mana inside Aterium.

That was when Gregorio remembered the existence of the actual God.

Right, there was still one being remaining.

After thinking about the fate of the world for a bit, Gregorio's mind focused on the edge of the world.

What was beyond the silver wall?

Were there more worlds?

Gregorio wanted to know.

Shang had always been Gregorio's key to the outside world.

Sadly, Gregorio knew that Shang felt no feeling of kinship or friendship for him.

So, while Shang was a key, that was all he was.

As soon as the gate was unlocked, there was no more reason to keep the key.

Gregorio would just leave.

Yet, he also felt a bit alone.

He had always enjoyed going on adventures with friends.

So, Gregorio looked at Kali.

Kali and Gregorio had never seen eye to eye.

Kali had always looked down on Gregorio due to Lucius' constant praises, and Kali's animosity annoyed Gregorio.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

But now?

Kali had essentially lost against Gregorio in a fight.

If Adam hadn't sacrificed himself, Kali would be dead.

Gregorio had proven his strength.

"When we leave this world," Gregorio transmitted to Kali, "I think it would be better to remain together for a while. We don't know how the outside world is."

"If it turns out that we don't need each other, we can still split later."

Surprisingly, Kali nodded without hesitation. "Reasonable. I agree."

Even though their entire dynamic had changed, it was still difficult for Gregorio to accept that Kali was this cooperative.

Gregorio focused on the world again, but now, his feelings were a bit different.

Maybe things didn't turn out so bad.

"I want you to become a Peak Mage Emperor before we try to leave the world," Shang's voice echoed as it addressed Abaddon.

"Of course," Abaddon answered with a smile.

"Good," Shang added.

A moment later, the gigantic nightmare that was Shang's true body started to become transparent, and eventually, it completely vanished.

Only Shang's normal human body remained.

In comparison to his true body, this Shang looked weak and unassuming.

"Shang."

Shang glanced at Gregorio. "Yes?'' he asked.

"Will you spare the world from the Abominations?" Gregorio asked.

"Spare the world...'I Shang repeated as he focused on Aterium.

Kali and Abaddon also looked at Shang.

Everything was up to him.

Shang truly felt nothing regarding Aterium.

He had no desire to let it survive.

But he also had no desire to destroy it.

It was just... there.

That was it.

"Maybe I'll need it again one day," Shang said after some seconds.

When the three heard that, a collective sigh of relief had been released.

Aterium would continue to exist.

"Then, Shang," Gregorio continued. "With all the Mage Emperors gone, it will become much more difficult to deal with the Abominations. Is there something you can do about them?"

Shang scratched his chin as he fell into thought.

That sounded like work.

He really didn't like doing that much work for no benefit.

And then, Shang got an idea.

A toothy grin appeared on Shang's face.

"Sure, why not," he said with a chuckle.

"I still need more power."

"I still need to perfect my body, and I need it to become bigger and stronger."

"Originally, I was planning on summoning more Abomination Kings, but that might not be necessary."

"Kali," Shang said.

Kali looked at Shang.

"Free all the Abominations we imprisoned."

When she heard that, even Kali showed a nervous reaction.

"I am going to absorb them," Shang said with a chuckle.

"I will call all the Abominations that appear across the world to me, and I will incorporate all of them into my body."

"Every Abomination will appear beside me from now on, and I will absorb them."

Shang turned to look at Gregorio with a confident smirk.

"That's what you want, right?"

Occasionally missing content, please report errors in time.