Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1015 Chapter 1015 - Ninth Question

Shang found himself in the God's palace again.

At this moment, a young man with blonde hair and a bit of a belly stood in front of the God.

'Alex,' Shang thought to himself with amusement.

At this moment, Alex was looking at the God with a bit of confusion.

He wasn't certain what he should ask.

He kind of had already asked everything he wanted to know.

Also, the chances were very low that he would ever hear the answer to this question.

After all, that would mean that he became one of the strongest humans in this mystical world, right?

In the end, Alex only shrugged.

"What's your name?" he asked.

When the God heard that question, he became interested and entertained.

However, Shang actually became interested.

That was an interesting question.

"Why would you care about my name?" the God asked with a smirk.

Alex just scratched the back of his head awkwardly. "I don't really know what else to ask. I basically asked about everything already."

"Also, isn't it common courtesy to ask for someone's name when that someone helped you?"

"Helped you?" the God asked with a smirk. "Please elaborate."

"I mean," Alex added, "You've essentially saved me from an afterlife. On top of that, you are giving me a new body."

"You are allowing me to travel into some kind of fantasy world where I can become as strong as I want."

"I might be able to jump onto trees, fly, kick down mountains, and other things."

"It literally sounds like a dream come true."

"You are even helping me by giving me these gifts!"

Alex started to smile awkwardly.

"You might seem a bit aggressive from time to time, but I think, deep down, you might actually be a good guy."

"After all, you've helped me so much."

"And if I ever get strong enough to hear the answer to this question, I might be able to come into contact with you again and help."

"So, what's your name, and is there something I can do to help or support you?"

"You've done so much for me. A bit of courtesy and repayment would be the bare minimum on my part."

Then, Alex seemed like he remembered something.

The next moment, he slightly raised his right arm in a wave. "By the way, I know you know my name, but I still feel like I should introduce myself properly."

"Hi, I'm Alex. Who are you?" Alex asked with a warm smile.

The God just looked at Alex with an extremely wide smirk.

At the side, Shang looked with disgust and disdain at Alex.

"Hahahaha!"

The next moment, the God broke into laughter.

In fact, he continued laughing for quite a while, and Alex just awkwardly looked at the God.

Was what he said in any way funny?

This was just basic politeness, right?

"Ah, that'sjust too good," the God said as he slowly calmed down.

"Me, a good guy. Holy shit," he shouted as his laugh returned.

"I mean, it can't be that funny, right?" Alex asked with some annoyance.

The God just continued laughing when he heard Alex's annoyed tone.

This guy was hilarious!

"Oh, Alex," the God said as he leaned back on his throne again. "You're so naive."

"You're so nice."

"You're so innocent."

The next moment, the God's eyelid twitched, and his eyes narrowed immediately after.

"I HATE such people," he shouted with absolute volatility.

"Always only seeing the good in people."

"Always showing your back to them so that they can eventually take advantage of you."

"Always wasting time with friends and family."

I hate such weak and pathetic pushovers!"

By now, Alex looked with quite a bit of fear and uncertainty at the God.

That outburst was stronger than he had expected.

Yet, the next moment, a smirk appeared on the God's face.

"But you know what?" the God said as he chuckled a bit. "I just got a fun idea."

"You're such a nice and friendly guy, Alex."

"How about we change that?" the God asked with a foreboding smile.

Alex became nervous. "I don't think there's anything wrong with my conduct."

"No, there isn't," the God said. "And that's exactly why it's boring."

"I think I know what I will do to you."

"Such a nice guy."

"Such a friendly guy."

"You know what? I want to see you change."

"I don't want to forcibly change you. I want to see into what you will change when the entire world resents you."

"I want to see what you will become when you are the enemy of the entire world."

"I want to see what happens when your mere existence kills humans every single second!"

"When I force you to decide between killing yourself for the good of the world or your goal, I want to see what you choose."

"How much can an apathetic world change you?"

"How fucked in the head can you get?"

"I want to see you kill millions of innocent people without even thinking twice about it!"

"I want you to commit atrocities just for your selfish goals!" Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"And most of all, I want to see you hate yourself for it!"

"I want to see your mind get destroyed by your own twisted desires!"

By now, Alex was shocked and terrified.

He knew that the God was quite volatile, but he hadn't expected him to become this cruel all of a sudden.

"Can we not?" Alex asked.

The God chuckled.

"You have no choice," he said with a smirk.

"You will most likely never regain the memory of this question, but if you actually manage to become an Emperor, I want to know how you will react to it."

"If you believe your old self to be naive and idiotic, I will have achieved my goal."

Then, the God seemed like he remembered something.

"Oh, I forgot about answering your actual question."

"You want to know what my name is?"

"My name is Lucius Volstad!"

Then, the God broke into laughter again.

That was when Alex's memories of the questions got deleted.