Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Eventually, Shang stopped thinking about the whole Lucius thing.

For now, it didn't matter.

Shang would meet Lucius when he became a God anyway.

In a certain way, Shang looked forward even more to their meeting.

He wanted to know what must have happened that Lucius had changed this drastically.

"For the foreseeable future, I will be inhabiting the Judgment Palace since it's at the center of the world," Shang said.

Then, Shang turned to Kali with a smirk. "Since everyone in the Judgment Palace will die in a thousand years anyway, you probably don't mind, do you?"

"I don't," Kali said emotionlessly.

Shang turned to look towards the north again.

"Then, enjoy your last thousand years in the world."

"In a thousand years, we will reset it."

The three of them just nodded.

Shang slowly took the sky, and a moment later, he shot towards the north.

When Shang left, the three of them looked at each other.

"So, anyone wanna go sightseeing?" Abaddon asked with a friendly smile.

When Gregorio heard that, some nervousness appeared in his heart.

Yes, they were allies now, but that didn't mean that Abaddon had changed.

Abaddon was still the power-hungry psychopath who couldn't feel any emotions like happiness, sadness, orempathy.

Hearing him invite Gregorio to go sightseeing felt creepy and dangerous.

But after throwing a glance at Kali, Gregorio justaccepted his new surroundings.

Kali was a bit better, but not much.

'He won't try to kill me since that might make Shang kill him.'

'I guess these are my new friends from now on,' he thought.

"Sure," Gregorio said.

"Great!" Abaddon shouted with excitement before turning to his mother. "You want tojoin as well, mother?"

Kali wordlessly nodded.

Then, the three of them began to hover and flew towards the south.

Since they were already at the southernmost Empire, they decided to start theirjourney at the southern edge of the world.

Naturally, since there was no more pressure, Abaddon took his advancement slowly.

He would take his time.

While the three of them went sightseeing, Shang crossed the border between Empires.

Right now, Shang was in his human body, but his human body still didn't look very human.

After all, his legs and arms looked quite strange.

When Shang reached the border, he felt many Spirit Senses look at him.

Most of them were from Ancestral Mages and Mage Lords, but there were also three Mage Kings.

"Halt!" one of the Mage Kings shouted.

Shang didn't react and simply continued flying.

The next moment, the Mage King launched an attack on Shang.

Shang just smirked.

The attack exploded on Shang's body, but Shang wasn't injured.

SHence.

When they had seen Shang, he hadn't felt very powerful.

In fact, he had felt like an average Mage King.

But then, how had he survived this attack?!

The next moment, Shang just chuckled.

WHOOM!

A Domain of Entropy appeared around the Mage King that had attacked him.

The Mage King fell into a panic as he realized that his Mana was rapidly depleting.

He immediately tried to flee with Mana Step, but Mana Step didn't work!

After that, he tried to run out of the Domain, but it didn't matter where he ran to, the Domain just kept following him!

Over a couple of seconds of panic and terror, the Mage King slowly died.

WHOOOOM!

The next moment, the Mage King's Mana was being dispersed across the world.

No one could believe what they had just witnessed.

One of the remaining Mage Kings immediately contacted Kali.

Many kilometers away, Kali took out her Communication Crystal.Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

CRKSH!

And crushed it.

There was no reason to have a Communication Crystal anymore.

Everyone besides them would die soon anyway.

There was no point in doing anything for the Judgment Palace since it would also be destroyed.

People, talent, Magic, Mana, prestige, borders, buildings, weapons, technology, everything had lost all meaning.

Everything would be destroyed, and the world would turn into a lifeless landscape.

The Mage King almost couldn't believe what had just happened.

Just now, he had felt the Communication Crystal establish a connection with Kali, but then, it completely vanished!

It was almost like the Communication Crystal had suddenly been destroyed.

What was the meaning of this?!

Had something happened to the Empress of Death?!

Why was some unknown guy suddenly flying into the Judgment Palace?!

Meanwhile, Shang just kept advancing with a confident smirk.

No one could stop him.

The panicked Mage Lords and Mage Kings below him were nothing bigger than some panicking insects when a human walked through a meadow.

As Shang continued flying forward, more and more Mage Kings appeared in his perception.

The Mage Kings rapidly talked to each other and came up with a couple of plans to deal with Shang.

Eventually, they had all combined their powers and began to cast one unified Spell.

Shang was flying right towards the actual Judgment Palace, and they felt like they had to stop him before he arrived!

When Shang saw these cute little Mage Kings trying to stop him, he almost couldn't resist laughing.

BANG!

A humongous black tear appeared in the world.

In one strike, Shang had killed all of the Mage Kings that had just tried to attack him.

The Mage Lords that watched denied reality.

After some more chuckling, Shang continued flying forward, and eventually, he reached the actual Judgment Palace.

It was huge, beautiful, and imposing.

Even more, the lands of life and the pit of death also had a contrasting beauty.

It truly felt like some kind of holy land.

Eventually, Shang stopped above the Judgment Palace.

And then, he swung his arm from one side to another.

CRRRRRRRR!

It was like a black wave of destruction washed across the circular lands of life!

As the black wave passed, everything in its way was destroyed.

Animals, plants, insects, humans.

It didn't matter.

Everything was eradicated.

Even the Life Mana itself.

In less than a second, the lands of life had been emptied of life.

The few humans that were still present to witness Shang's actions felt terror assault their minds.

Then, Shang looked at the Judgment Palace below him.

And summoned his true body.

Occasionally missing content, please report errors in time.