Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1018 Chapter 1018 - Hill

𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

As Shang's true body appeared above the Judgment Palace, the world seemed to stop.

The few Mages that were watching immediately felt like they had been plunged into a nightmare.

Fortunately, most of them realized that it wasn't the best idea to remain, and they rapidly began to flee.

The humongous ball of swirling black blades slowly lowered itself onto the Judgment Palace.

As it came closer, the tentacles of the ball expanded and tore everything they touched apart.

The Judgment Palace was protected by incredibly powerful barriers, but that didn't matter to Shang.

Shang's offensive power in this state was beyond compare.

One had to remember that Shang could launch an attack at any place within his Spirit Sense with whatever limb he wanted.

And he had a lot of limbs.

At any given moment, in any part of Aterium, Shang could launch thousands of simultaneous attacks with any or all of his limbs.

Naturally, the Judgment Palace's barriers couldn't even hope to withstand Shang's barrage of attacks.

CRK!

The barriers cracked nearly immediately, and the Mana they had been using was dispersed into the surroundings.

By now, Abaddon had also dispersed the Mana from Adam's Inheritor Sphere. After all, he had a better one already.

With all the dead Mage Kings, the world was once more bathed in Mana.

But this time, things were different.

As Shang slowly ground the Judgment Palace into dust, the few surviving Mages began to contact their friends and acquaintances, who then contacted their friends and acquaintances.

In less than a minute, every Mage at the Ancestral Mage Realm or higher knew about Shang.

Although, none of them knew that he was actually Shang.

Right now, Shang was unrecognizable.

Eventually, the entire Judgment Palace vanished, and Shang just lay on the ground.

As Shang's body relaxed, its shape changed from a sphere into something like a black blob.

At this moment, Shang just looked like a black hill made of rapidly moving black blades and eyes with tendrils growing out of it.

The few Mages that were around looked at Shang in nervousness and terror.

What would this monster do now?!

Would it just stay here?

Hopefully!

CRACK!

Suddenly, several explosions occurred across the entire world.

Yet, none of the people noticed initially.

After all, the explosions had all happened deep below the ground.

But the next moment, the world experienced something terrifying.

Abominations!

Abomination Lords and Abomination Kings were suddenly coming out from the ground all around the world!

The watching Mage Kings and Mage Lords immediately fell into terrified despair, but some of them still managed to realize where these Abominations had come from.

Hadn't these been the spots where the Empress of Death had placed her Magic Circles for getting rid of the Abomination Lords and Abomination Kings?

However, that genuinely wasn't important right now.

The important thing was that there were several Abomination Kings appearing and that there wasn't a single Emperor available that could deal with them!

On an isolated island, the Archivist watched what was going on.

The Archivist knew several places that could allow his Spirit Sense to appear in more distant places, which was why it wasn't difficult for him to see all of these things.

When the Archivist saw everything, he felt like the end of the world was approaching.

The Child of Calamity had attained supreme power, and that would most likely mean the end of the world.

As the Mage Kings saw the Abominations, they despaired.

However, most of them noticed that the Abominations were not even looking at them.

In fact, the Abominations were not even destroying the world around them.

The Abominations were all just facing the same direction without doing anything.

They were all facing the Judgment Palace.

While the Abominations were all facing the Judgment Palace, the black hill in the Judgment Palace had grown by a bit.

Earlier, Shang had turned all the prisons of the Abominations into Mana and Entropy, which he had then absorbed.

There was no more reason to let the Entropy Ore continue remaining.

lnjust a couple of seconds, every single piece of Entropy Ore in the entire world had been absorbed by Shang.

The Isolation Chambers, pylons, cages, collectibles, weapons, and so on.

All of it had been transformed and consumed by Shang.

Sadly, Shang's body had only grown by about 20% after absorbing all of this.

Eventually, all the Abominations started to fly towards the center of the world.

Shang could just absorb all of them from where they were, but that wouldn't be fun.

Some of the Mage Kings immediately attacked the Abominations when they saw them, but Shang simply killed them.

Once more, huge storms of Mana washed over the world.

Eventually, the powerful Mages all decided to stop attacking the Abominations.

After all, everyone that did would just die.

On top of that, the Abominations also weren't really doing anything at the moment.

After some minutes, all the Abominations arrived in front of Shang's gigantic body and threw themselves on it.

Whenever they touched Shang's rapidly moving blades, they were cut into particles, which then fused with Shang's body.

After absorbing over 2,000 Abomination Lords and 50 Abomination Kings, Shang's body barely changed in size.

SHING! SHING! SHING!

The next moment, one Abomination after the other appeared in random spots around Shang's body before getting cut into pieces and absorbed.

The Abominations were of all Realms.

These were all the Abominations that would be appearing around the world naturally.

Of course, Shang had redirected the location of where they would appear to his body.

Starting from this moment, the Empires would no longer be plagued by any Abominations in any Realm.

For the first time, the Abominations were not threatening the world.

For a while, the Mage Kings just watched.

They felt cold, terrified, and shocked.

The most powerful Mage Kings amongst them could win against one Abomination King.

But this huge thing was consuming them without pause and with nearly no change to its power.

They knew that they couldn't possibly stop this huge thing.

And then, a dark voice appeared in everyone's head.

"In 1,000 years, all life will cease to exist."