Chapter 1019 Chapter 1019 - The First Days

For a long time, the people of the world couldn't comprehend these words.

All life would cease to exist?

Everyone had at one point thought about something like this happening, but when the thought actually became a reality, people couldn't wrap their minds around it.

It sounded impossible.

It sounded like it wasn't real.

And yet, they didn't feel like the mysterious voice was lying.

Naturally, this mysterious voice had been Shang.

Shang had told everyone because he wanted to see what would happen.

What would happen to a world that knew that it would end on a specific date?

This single message was the last time Shang would verbally communicate with the world.

From now on, he would only communicate with people by killing them.

But for now, there was only one thing.

SHence.

After the revelation, not much had happened.

Most people just looked at other people close to them to confirm the validity of the reality they were experiencing at the moment.

Did that voice only appear in their head?

Sadly, everyone confirmed that they had also heard the voice.

The powerful Mages contacted the other powerful Mages, and they could only realize in horror that everyone across the entire world had heard the same word at the exact same time.

Since this was a living thing and since this thing was very powerful, it had to have a Spirit Sense.

And that was the horrifying part.

Didn't this mean that this thing's Spirit Sense encompassed the entire world?!

This was not the power of something at the Ninth Realm!

Only something in the legendary Tenth Realm could achieve such power.

But that was impossible!

The Mana was still there!

In fact, the density of Mana had increased by so much that it had become ridiculous.

So, how could this thing possibly have gained enough Mana to reach this level?!

Very quickly, the Mage Kings began to discuss and argue.

Some were sure that this thing was in the Tenth Realm.

Some were sure that it was simply an Abomination Emperor.

Some thought that it was a trick by some Emperor.

The following days were chaotic.

Without the presence of the Emperors, the Mage Kings of the different Empires started to lose their unity.

Additionally, due to the gravity of the situation, they also stopped giving orders to the Mage Lords. After all, more important things were going on right now.

At this moment, the Mage Kings were trying to come to terms with the new dynamic, the new world, and the new deadline.

While the Mage Kings were trying to reorganize basically everything, the Mage Lords kept themselves back. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

The Mage Lords knew that they were not the ones in charge.

Instead, they simply waited until the Mage Kings got everything in order.

The Ancestral Mages became very uncertain and insecure.

Their superior Mage Lords were not telling them what to do. Instead, the Mage Lords looked unsure and indecisive. They almost seemed like they had no idea what to do.

Because of that, the Ancestral Mages constantly kept asking questions, and the Mage Lords could only answer in vague ways since they also had no idea what their superior Mage Kings were doing.

Of course, that was how it was for the Empires.

The vast majority of Ancestral Mages and almost all weaker Mages didn't belong to any of the Empires.

These people had no idea what was actually going on in the wider world.

They only knew that they had heard a voice saying that the end of the world was coming, but they didn't know any specifics.

The unaffiliated Mage Lords didn't do anything.

The unaffiliated Ancestral Mages also kept themselves in check for now.

However, things became more chaotic the weaker the people became.

Many Archmages took the opportunity to gain something out of other people.

Extortion, schemes, assassinations, and so on.

It was the most chaotic among the Archmages and their inferior High Mages.

But then, surprisingly, things became more orderly again.

The Apprentices, Adepts, and True Mages had an exciting day of chaos, but then, everything basically returned to normal.

All of this felt too distant.

Yes, the end of the world was coming, but these weak people didn't even know what a Mage Emperor or Mage King was.

Most of them didn't even know what an Abomination was.

From the viewpoint of an Empire, Abominations appeared across their borders almost constantly and everywhere.

But from the viewpoint of a True Mage, Abominations basically didn't exist.

A couple of weak Abominations appeared like once every couple of years, many kilometers away, in a place where the True Mage hadn't ever been, and these weak Abominations also died extremely quickly to a powerful beast thatjust happened to live there.

Almost no one had any idea of what was actually happening.

Some brave heroes in the True Mage and High Mage Realm left their kingdoms to search for the ancient evil that had doomed the world.

Naturally, these people had no idea about the size of the world or the power gap between them and this ancient evil.

When they had heard the voice, they had felt which direction it had been coming from.

As long as they kept traveling in that direction, they would meet this ancient evil at some point.

And then, they would defeat it and become legends!

This was what happened the first few days after Shang's announcement, and Shang kept looking at the world with interest as armies of Abominations threw themselves into his monumental body.

Seeing all these different facets of humanity interested Shang quite a bit.

'I think | get why Lucius is watching Aterium all the time,' Shang thought.

'Looking at one person's life is boring, but when you have quadrillions to choose from, you will always see at least one person going through something absolutely unreal and crazy at any given point.'

'The current times are unprecedented, and the world will act in an unprecedented manner.'

'I wonder how things will change in the coming years.'