Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1020 Chapter 1020 - Research

After some days, more and more Mage Lords and Mage Kings appeared near Shang's body, but they also always left very quickly after appearing.

Whenever any of them saw Shang, they felt this deep feeling of absolute terror in their chests.

It was like Shang wasn't supposed to exist.

It was like Shang represented the end of the world.

Being anywhere close to him felt like suicide.

Shang didn't react to any of the Mage Lords or Mage King. The most he did was to look at some of them with one of his eyes.

After some weeks, the chaos amongst the Mage Kings had mostly calmed down.

All the Mage Kings had searched for their Emperors, but they couldn't find them.

Naturally, if Kali, Gregorio, and Abaddon didn't want to be seen, no Mage King would be able to see them.

Because of that, everyone believed that every Mage Emperor had died.

Coming to terms with this new reality had taken a long time.

Eventually, almost all the Mage Kings decided to work together.

For now, there were no longer any Empires.

At this moment, there were only many isolated areas with individual Mage Kings, which were all part of a mega alliance.

There was an unprecedented crisis, and the world had to unite to deal with it.

The Mage Kings started to come up with plans, but without enough information, no one was truly willing to go through with the plans.

By now, every Mage King knew where Shang was.

They also knew that Shang had to be related to the Abominations since all the Abominations in the world appeared around him andjumped into him.

There were two popular opinions on Shang.

First, Shang was an Abomination Emperor. No one had ever seen an Abomination Emperor, and this could very well be one.

Second, Shang was the Child of Calamity. Maybe the Child of Calamity had used the Abominations to kill all the Mage Emperors.

Naturally, the Child of Calamity thing was more logically sound, but the reason why not everyone believed in it was Shang's appearance.

They couldn't connect this terror with a former human

As more weeks passed, the Mages that appeared around Shang became more and more courageous.

Some of them even dared to get close enough to see Shang with their actual eyes.

After two full months, one of the Mage Lords even managed to stay several hours near Shang's body to witness what was going on.

The scene of seeing thousands and millions of Abominations throwing themselves into Shang's bod\, and Shang's body barely growing sent a deep feeling of hopeless despair through the Mage Lord's soul.

This thing was growing more powerful by the second and rapidly so!

Slowly, more and more Mage Lords started to hover around Shang's body.

The things that were happening here were terrifying but also fascinating.

They had to learn about how Shang worked!

Only then could they find his weakness and stop the end of the world!

Six months after the announcement, hundreds of Mage Lords were hovering around Shang's body.

They were constantly doing tests on Shang and the Abominationsjumping into him.

By now, many of the Mage Lords and Mage Kings weren't even certain that Shang was actually intelligent.

Maybe someone else had sent them the message six months ago?

After all, they couldn't feel Shang's Spirit Sense or perception, and they also couldn't tell whether or not Shang was looking at them.

They only saw a gigantic hill of rapidly moving blades and eyes.

It looked otherworldly and terrifying, but as long as they didn't touch the blades, nothing happened to them.

Shang was almost like a scary environment.

He was like a poison swamp or the pit of death.

Was this hill actually conscious, or was itjust some kind of natural force that absorbed Abominations?

This hill obviously had the power to destroy the world. After all, there were so many Abominations inside of its body. If it detonated just 10% of its body, all life would cease to exist.

Yet, it didn't do that.

And it also never did anything to any of the Mage Kings and Mage Lords.

Some of the Mage Kings even attacked the hill.

Sadly, their attacks had no effect.

The fleshy hill was so incredibly durable that none of the Mage Kings managed to damage it in any way.

Naturally, Shang watched all of this with amusement and interest.

He wanted to see what the Mage Kings would be able to come up with in the next thousand years.

Many of the Mage Kings also started to kill the Abominations that were running into Shang's body.

This nightmare was growing more and more powerful by absorbing Abominations. If they ever wanted to have a chance at defeating it, they had to stop it from growing more powerful!

Shang found the Mage Kings' struggle amusing, and he let them have their fun.

The tide of Abominations was infinite.

One couldn't block infinity eternally.

Even more, the Mage Kings couldn't even block all of them.

They could block all the Ancestral Abomination and weaker, but blocking the Abomination Lords was difficult.

Sure, they got most of the Abomination Lords, but some of them were fast enough to jump into Shang's body before dying to the Mage Kings.

And then, there were the Abomination Kings.

About once per month, an Abomination King appeared.

Naturally, there was nothing the Mage Kings could do against the Abomination Kings.

Finally, one year after the announcement, something major happened.

A black silhouette of a human appeared near Shang's body.

The Mage Lords and Mage Kings immediately noticed it.

And when they did, they felt absolute terror.

Irresistible!

Uncontrollable!

Indestructible!

This was what they had felt from it. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Naturally, this was an Abomination Emperor.

Yet,just like all the other Abominations, the Abomination Emperor just jumped into Shang's body and got absorbed.

CRRRRR!

When the Abomination Emperor entered Shang's body, Shang's body suddenly expanded by 20%.

Some of the Mage Lords that had been close to Shang's body couldn't react in time and were turned into pure Mana by the rapidly moving blades. Silence.

The Mage Kings and Mage Lords hadjust witnessed something terrifying.

And it took quite a while to come to terms with it.