Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1022 Chapter 1022 - Golden Generation

The five Mage Emperors started to channel long and powerful Spells.

They had created several Spells that could combine their power, which they would then unleash to completely destroy the hill.

Five Peak Mage Emperors with fivefold Spirit Senses combined their powers.

Shang was quite amused and interested when he saw them.

Funnily enough, these five Mage Emperors were more of a threat than the ones from 70 years ago.

While the Archivist was still more powerful than every individual Mage Emperor, he would have trouble winning against three of them.

After all, the old Mage Emperors had been weaklings that reached that level due to luck, while these five Mage Emperors had been amongst the most talented and powerful Mage Kings.

In fact, Shang even knew one of them.

One of them was a tall man with black hair who looked like he could destroy the world.

It was Kiran, the Catastrophe King.

Right now, Kiran had no idea that the hill in front of him was Shang.

These five Mage Emperors actually had a terrifying amount of power, and the world around them seemed to dissolve as they readied their apocalyptic Spells.

Shang just looked at the destructive cloud of annihilating Mana with amusement and interest.

That attack was stronger than any attack the Archivist had launched against Shang.

That attack could probably even injure a God.

Naturally, Shang couldn'tjust receive that attack with his body.

Even he might die under it.

After several seconds, the Mage Emperors eventually finished their Spell.

This was the most powerful Spell that had ever been cast in Aterium.

The terrifying cloud of Mana shot towards the hill.

Shang just quietly chuckled.

At this moment, the tendrils with the swords peacefully swayed from one side to the other simultaneously.

CRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!

Thousands upon thousands of cuts hit the destructive cloud of Mana at the same time.

BOOOOM!

The cloud of Mana broke apart and scattered across the world.

Shang had simply launched one casual attack with about 20% of his limbs.

That was more than enough to deal with the apocalyptic Spell.

Silence.

The Mages couldn't believe what they had just witnessed.

In fact, they weren't even entirely sure what had happened.

The swaying of the tendrils had synchronized for a moment, and in the next one, a terrifying barrage of attacks had appeared right in front of the Spell.

Had the tendrils released these attacks?

But the tendrils didn't even look like they had been attacking!

Even more, the tendrils hadn't even touched the Spell!

The attack had just appeared out of thin air, directly in front of the Spell!

When Shang saw the shocked faces, he cackled to himself silently.

All these Mage Kings and Mage Emperors that had once hunted him were now helpless in front of him.

The Mage Emperors launched more attacks, but all of them were destroyed by another attack from the hill.

The attacks of the Mage Kings were not destroyed like this, but these attacks also weren't strong enough to damage the hill.

CRRRR!

Eventually, the hill began to shake again, and the Mages grew terrified.

The hill was breaking through again!

Everyone immediately started to launch a cacophony of Spells.

Every Mage King and Mage Emperor was attacking Shang at this moment.

Yet, Shang only needed to lightly move some of his proverbial fingers in a casual manner to deal with them.

Eventually, Shang shrank back down to ten kilometers.

He had reached the Mid Sword Emperor Realm.

The Mages despaired.

How could they ever destroy that hill?!

Nevertheless, all the Mages continued to research the hill.

It had to have a weakness!

There had to be something they could use to destroy the hill!

Shang just silently laughed to himself.

As the Mage Lords, Mage Kings, and Mage Emperors became more and more desperate, the remainder of the world calmed down.

Shang's announcement had happened over 70 years ago.

By now, almost no mortal was alive anymore who had heard the announcement with their own ears. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

This made it very difficult to convince the young people that it had actually happened.

Eventually, the announcement had become a legend, but no mortal actually believed in it.

Naturally, it was different for people in the Second Realm and stronger.

They still remembered it, but the deadline was still far away.

Theyjust needed to grow stronger.

Funnily enough, the weaker people of the world were actually quite confident.

After all, a golden age of geniuses had arrived.

Since the density of Mana had increased severalfold, babies born in this very dense atmosphere of Mana were far more talented.

Their feelings for Mana were much sharper, and controlling Mana came very naturally.

Right now, the golden generation of geniuses was in the Second Realm.

And eventually, they would become strong enough to save the world from the legendary ancient evil.

Meanwhile, the competition between the Archmages and Ancestral Mages still hadn't calmed down.

By now, most of them had heard that the Empires hadn't found a solution to doomsday yet, which gave these Mages more opportunities to increase their wealth.

Eventually, 150 years had passed since the announcement.

The golden generation of geniuses was now scattered between the Third and Fourth Realm.

The stable kingdoms ruled by High Mages had already experienced several upheavals as more and more powerful High Mages appeared that could kill the old rulers with a level disadvantage.

A chaotic age of war arrived for the weak people.

As for the Archmages and Ancestral Mages...

Things hadn't changed.

But many of them could already see that things would change soon.

The powerful organizations were already vying for these genius youngsters.

In the future, these geniuses would decide the fate of the world!

After all, the power of this generation was ridiculous.

In fact, the number of people with a fourfold Spirit Sense inside the Third and Fourth Realm was over 10,000.

There was even the legendary 50.

50 people with a fivefold Spirit Sense.

And the age gap between the youngest and the oldest was not more than ten years!