Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Gregorio felt several conflicting emotions.

On the one hand, he thought that he had become the very thing he had always wanted to destroy.

Gregorio had always put quite some importance on protecting life. After all, the Lightning Manor had even forbidden memories from being read. On top of that, Gregorio had voluntarily taken the job to find the Child of Calamity for the good of the world.

But now, Gregorio was going to be part of the group of people that would eradicate all life in the world.

They were the powerful ones, and they were about to kill everything weaker than them.

Yet, on the other hand, Gregorio was also interested in witnessing the birth of the legendary level six Concepts of Life and Death.

Additionally, Gregorio also grew more excited about his eventual future outside of Aterium.

Gregorio looked over at Shang.Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Shang's power had reached unfathomable levels.

lf Shang couldn't get them out of this world, nobody could.

Meanwhile, Kali was looking at the world with interest.

Comprehending the level six Concept of Death had also been her dream.

And now, this dream was about to become reality.

Abaddon just looked at the world with a friendly smile.

He felt happy.

Finally, he could learn something new!

"Then, let's start," Shang said.

The other three nodded.

"I will now eliminate every bit of life one layer at a time."

As Shang looked at the world, even he grew a bit excited.

Shang had never committed a proper genocide before, and he was interested in how it felt to erase the existence of life.

SSSSHH!

It was silent.

At this moment, hundreds of small Domains of Entropy had appeared around every living Mage Lord.

In less than a second, all the Mage Lords had been killed.

A tiny wave of Mana washed across the world, but it barely counted as anything.

SSSSSHHH!

Then, tens of thousands of Domains of Entropy killed every human in the Sixth Realm.

The storm of Mana was a bit bigger, but not much.

As of this moment, the strongest human was in the Fifth Realm.

SSSSHHHHH!

Then, the humans in the Fifth Realm vanished.

By now, most people had already realized what had happened, but before they could do anything, they were also turned into Neutral Mana.

When only mortals and people in the First Realm were left, Shang focused on the buildings and settlements instead of the people.

Next, gigantic Domains of Entropy appeared around every village, town, city, ruin, castle, and so on.

WHOOOOM!

A gigantic storm of Mana washed over the world as even the Mana Stones were turned into Neutral Mana.

Everything was gone.

The Lightning Manor had vanished.

The huge sword in the Hibye had vanished.

The Trial of Want.

The Temple of Blood.

Area 23.

The Empires.

The homes of the Mage Kings.

The farms.

The fields.

Everything had vanished.

It was done.

Humanity was no more.

For a while, the group took in the feeling of a world without humanity.

There weren't even traces of humanity left.

Meanwhile, Shang took in what he was feeling.

It felt so final.

Shang had expected that he would feel nothing, but surprisingly, he still felt a bit like he was doing something wrong.

However, the feeling wasn't very strong.

At most, it was a nearly indistinguishable echo from far away.

Gregorio felt like his heart was about to stop.

Humanity had been eradicated.

It had actually happened.

It felt so unreal.

Meanwhile, Kali and Abaddon felt some kind of fulfillment.

This was how things should be.

This felt correct.

"I was supposed to strengthen the warrior Path," Shang mused to himself with a chuckle.

"And now, I've destroyed it."

"All the knowledge, techniques, and experiences I have built have now been eradicated."

"If any human returns, they won't ever find out that there have once been stronger humans."

"Well, unless the Archivist tells them."

"A virgin world," Shang said with a dark chuckle. "Untouched by humanity."

"A world ripe for exploration and exploitation."

Silence.

The others were only listening to Shang.

"Let's start with the next layer," Shang said.

WHOOOOM!

Suddenly, a powerful storm of Mana washed over the world.

While Shang had destroyed humanity, he hadn't yet touched the beasts.

In fact, when Shang had killed every human in the Seventh, Eighth, and Ninth Realms, he also hadn't killed any beasts.

And now, Shang had killed all the Beast Kings.

A second later, Shang killed all the Beast Lords.

Another second later, Shang killed all the Ancestral Beasts.

An apocalyptic storm of Mana washed over the world again, but it calmed down again within a minute.

All the beasts were dead.

The world had become eerily silent.

Only the occasional animal remained in a silent world.

The weak animals were the only beings that made any sound.

SSSHHH!

Then, all the animals on the land and in the air were turned into Mana.

Then, the fish.

And lastly, the weak insects.

SHence.

Eerie silence.

Eternal silence.

The world had become silent.

The Eternal Ocean had calmed down.

The trees were only swaying a bit in the wind.

Even the weather had become barely noticeable.

In Aterium, the climate and weather were caused by the Mana the powerful beasts gave off.

Since there were no more powerful beasts, there was no more powerful Mana that was being given off, and as a result, the weather basically stopped existing.

"And now, for the finale," Shang said as he swung one of his tendrils.

The next moment, a black wave stretched across the continent

The black wave began to rotate, and anything that it passed was turned into a gray and brown land devoid of vegetation.

In just a minute, the wave had passed over all of Aterium.

Lastly, a gigantic forcefield passed through the Eternal Ocean, destroying everything there as well.

The Eternal Ocean was thrown into chaos, and waves thousands of kilometers tall were crashing onto the confinement

But it didn't matter.

Everything was lifeless and gray anyway.

The entire continent could be swallowed by kilometers of water, and no life would be lost.

"And the finishing touch," Shang said.

The next moment, Death Mana gathered around Shang.

A powerful wave of Death Mana washed over the entire world, including the water.

In another minute, all the scattered Life Mana across the world had vanished.

That was it.

The only bits of Life Mana in the entire world were in Shang, Gregorio, Kali, Abaddon, and the Archivist.

Not even a single seed of a single piece of grass had survived.

There would be no more life.

As long as none of the five of them or Lucius decided to intervene, there would never be life again.

Never

It was impossible.

It was over.

Aterium had been turned into a dead world.

The world stopped moving.

Silence.

...

...

...