Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Shang just chuckled when he heard that Abaddon could create a portal to the God's place.

"Give me a second," Shang said with a smirk.

The next moment, Shang's true body returned, which began to compress and shrink.

Shang's true body already had so much Mana and Entropy inside it that Aterium was barely able to handle it.

If Shang increased the density by a lot, Aterium would most likely start to fall apart.

However, that was actually not that big of an issue.

Abaddon should be able to repair the reality.

After all, he could essentially control all of Aterium.

As Shang's body began to shrink, reality shook more and more.

CRK!

Eventually, Shang's body became surrounded by some kind of black hole.

A huge amount of Mana shot towards the hole, vanishing into nothingness.

But just a moment later, Abaddon moved his hand, and the hole was sealed aqain.

Reality around Shang returned.

Shang's body began to shrink more and more.

By now, it was only five kilometers wide.

Then, four.

Three.

Two.

One.

That was when it ended.

At a width of one kilometer, Shang's body stopped compressing.

At this moment, Shang felt the sheer power of his existence and felt it to be unparalleled.

Every little movement of his was tearing Aterium apart, and Abaddon even started to sweat.

Shang's existence was so dense that Abaddon was basically supporting it exclusively with his own power.

If he stopped supporting Shang, a huge part of the world would collapse and implode.

Shang had finally done it.

Shang had finally become a God himself!

At this moment, Shang felt like some kind of chain around him had been broken.

It was like reality itself had transformed into nothing but numbers.

Everything was logical.

Everything made sense.

Shang could even see how the collapse of the world around him worked and how Abaddon was fixing it.

Now, it was important to note that Shang didn't comprehend the Concept of the World or something like that.

No, Shang was just able to feel how the powers moved.

Shang didn't completely understand everything, but his feelings were telling him if something was a good or a bad idea.

In a way, it was like instinct.

Shang didn't know why he was doing something, but he knew what would happen if he didn't do it.

'I see,' Shang thought with a laugh.

Even the silver wall was making sense now.

Shang didn't know exactly how the silver wall worked, but he knew how he could get through it.

It was like all of Aterium had transformed from a solid into a liquid, and Shang was now free to swim through it.

Shang's existence had reached a level where he didn't even need to interact with Aterium's reality anymore.

The next moment, Shang chuckled.

Suddenly, Abaddon's eyebrows rose in surprise, and he stopped sweating.

There was no more strain on the world.

Shang seemingly hadn't moved or done anything, and yet, the strain the world was under because of him had become vastly easier to bear.

Just now, Shang had been like an extremely heavy person standing in the middle of a children's trampoline.

And when Shang had noticed the truth of his situation, he had simply done the equivalent of lying down on the trampoline, increasing the surface area on which his weight was lying.

'Finally here, huh?' Shang thought with a smirk.

Shang still remembered how incredibly powerful the God had once been.

The God had been able to summon and create anything he wanted.

The God had even been able to give Shang the power to slap Queen Primordium to death.

But now, these things didn't seem that complex anymore.

The creation of Sword and the separate space just needed a couple of Concepts.

Someone like Lucius definitely knew enough about the Concepts of the world to pull something like this off.

Even more, the creation of the Child of Calamity also didn't seem as difficult.

As the former Child of Calamity, Lucius knew a lot about Entropy, and since Lucius also had a Life

Affinity, he definitely also knew the level five Concept of Life, Birth.

With all of that, Lucius would most likely be able to create a Child of Calamity.

Funnily enough, Lucius probably even knew the level six Concepts of Life and Death.

After all, he had created an entirely separate universe.

Earth's universe without Earth was basically also just a dead world, allowing Lucius to comprehend the Concept of Terminus, and by creating something like Earth, Lucius could have also comprehended the Concept of Genesis.

Additionally, with so much knowledge about life and such an advanced mind, it also wouldn't be difficult to guess what some mortal was thinking about.

Lucius had represented true power, but now, Shang had also reached true power.

And Lucius didn't seem as impressive anymore.

The next moment, Shang chuckled again.

WHOOOOM!

Then, a black portal appeared beside Shang, and Abaddon looked at it with interest.

"Seems like you don't need my help anymore," Abaddon said with a helpless smile.

Shang chuckled a bit.

"Give me a couple of minutes."

Then, Shang's huge body floated through the portal, and the portal closed right behind him.

Abaddon, Gregorio, Kali, and even the Archivist were looking at the spot where Shang had just been with interest.

Meanwhile, Shang found himself in a black void.

However, the void wasn't completely empty.

Far away, there were countless sources of light.

Shang had entered Earth's universe!

Right now, Shang was in the center of the Milky Way.

And in front of him, Shang could see a black and red castle floating in the void.

Shang's huge body slowly floated over to the castle, and as he got closer, his body shrank.

As a God, it was not very difficult for Shang to reduce his size.

When Shang reached the gates of the castle, his body had reached the size of a human's head.

SSSSHHH!

The gate in front of Shang was eradicated with his Domain of Entropy, and Shang floated into the castle.

The entire castle wasjust a single room.

A long black and red hall with a throne at the end.

On the throne sat a young man with red and black hair.Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Right now, this man was smirking.

"Shang," the man said with a chuckle.

"Lucius," Shang answered with a similar tone of voice.

Occasionally missing content, please report errors in time.