Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Shang slowly floated into the room without saying anything else.

The God, Lucius,just smirked in amusement.

CRK!

The next moment, the throne was destroyed as a black tear tore through it.

CRKSH!

At the same time, Lucius' left arm and leg exploded into a shower of blood.

Yet, Lucius' expression didn't change, and he continued sitting on his partially destroyed throne with his partially destroyed body.

"You're weak, Lucius,ll Shang said as he floated closer.

"Disappointed?" Lucius asked with a chuckle.

"Did you expect some kind of epic and grand final battle?"

"No," Shang answered. "Ever since I knew that you were Lucius Volstad, I knew that you wouldn't be a challenge."

"I could probably even beat you as an Early Sword Emperor."

Lucius didn't immediately show a reaction.

"Oh, come on," he said with a chuckle. "I know that you are at least a bit disappointed."

"After all, wasn't your goal to kill me? Aren't you disappointed that your sworn enemy is so helpless and weak in front of you?"

When Shang reached the middle of the hall, he stopped.

This was the same place that Alex had once stood in, but this time, the roles were reversed.

Shang was the one in power, not the God.

"You're merely a rest stop," Shang said. "Originally, you have been my goal, but you know very well that you're not even nearly worthy enough to become my goal."

"My power has already vastly eclipsed yours, and this will not be where I stop."

Lucius' smirk widened. "Won't it?"

"It won't," Shang answered.

Lucius chuckled a bit. "Have you actually thrown a look outside of this place?"

"Have you actually looked beyond the silver wall?"

"I have," Shang answered. "It's the world of the Abominations."

Naturally, when Shang had become a God, he had looked beyond the silver wall.

What he found was a nearly infinite expanse of Entropy that was encompassing Aterium.

Surprisingly enough, there were no Abominations inside this infinite expanse of Entropy.

However, Shang could still somewhat feel Abominations in there.

The reason for that was that Entropy rarely took on a solid and stable form.

The Abominations actually didn't exist in the world of Abominations.

The Abominations actually were the world of Abominations.

The world of Abominations was like a huge pile of snow, and an Abomination was simply a snowball.

Shang could simply tear a tiny part out of the infinite expanse, and when that tiny part entered Aterium, it would combine with a bit of Mana and transform into an Abomination.

And if an Abomination were put back into the world of Abominations, it would simply disperse again.

Just as Shang had guessed at some point in the past, the Abominations actually are not truly conscious.

They were simply a personification of Entropy, and Entropy wanted to destroy Mana.

The endless expanse of Entropy had surrounded

Aterium since Aterium was filled with Mana, which attracted the Entropy.

"But have you looked past the black void?" Lucius asked with a foreboding chuckle.

"You know exactly that it's too big," Shang said. "The amount of Entropy in that world is at least over a billion times the amount of Mana in Aterium."

"Do you want to see what lies beyond?" Lucius asked.

However, Lucius didn't wait for an answer and just moved his right arm a bit.

In the next moment, an image of a black void appeared in front of Lucius.

The "camera" in the void was rapidly moving forward until it eventually reached the end of the void.

And then, Shang saw it.

BOOOOOOOOOM!

BOOOOOOOOOM!

BOOOOOOOOOM!Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Destruction!

Everything was filled with Destruction, the force that appeared when Mana and Entropy met!

Even more, the scale seemed eternal and infinite!

When Shang saw that, he actually couldn't believe it.

"Hahahahaha!"

Lucius laughed when he noticed how Shang felt.

"Do you get it now?"

"Do you finally understand?"

"There is no way out!"

"There never was a way out!"

"It is impossible to leave!"

Shang barely registered what Lucius had said.

The powers on display were beyond what Shang had been able to imagine.

Shang knew what would happen if he even touched the space beyond the infinite void.

He would die.

Even if Shang were a thousand times stronger, he would still die.

Shang was currently in the Tenth Realm, but even if there were a theoretical Thirteenth Realm, Shang still wouldn't be able to survive!

The powers beyond the infinite void were unimaginably stronger than the current Shang.

If one put the difference into perspective, the difference in power between the forces of Destruction and Shang would be about as big as the difference between an Archmage and the current Shang.

It was hopeless.

If Shang could absorb the world of Abominations, he might become strong enough to survive.

But there was a problem.

The world of Abominations was filled with Entropy and a bit of Mana.

Yes, there were some scattered bits of Mana in the infinite void, but the infinite void was still 99.9% made of Entropy.

Sure, the 0.1% of Mana in the infinite void were still tens of times bigger than all the Mana in Aterium, but that still wouldn't be even close to enough.

Assuming Shang absorbed all the Mana and a fitting amount of Entropy, he might be able to reach the middle of a theoretical Eleventh Realm.

But that still wouldn't be even close to enough!

It was impossible.

Shang couldn't possibly become powerful enough to travel through that impossibly powerful area of pure Destruction.

"Hahahahaha!"

Meanwhile, Luciusjust laughed loudly.

Shang looked back at Lucius.

Right now, Shang was enraged by Lucius' laughter, but as he took a closer look at Lucius, Shang calmed down.

With Shang's new vision, he gained the ability to understand things that he hadn't been able to understand before.

CRACK!

The next moment, reality above Lucius tore apart, and something fell out of the nothingness.

It was the body of a blonde man.

"Oh? You wanna take a look at him again?" Lucius asked with another chuckle.

Just now, Lucius' old/true body had fallen onto the ground.

The corpse that Lucius had kicked around back then.

Naturally, Shang had found the corpse and had pulled it into this dimension.

A moment later, Shang looked at Lucius and at the corpse.

Slowly, some dots began to connect in Shang's mind.

And then, he understood everything.

"So, there actually is a way out," Shang said as he focused on Lucius.

"You just messed up."

Occasionally missing content, please report errors in time.