Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Lucius' right eyebrow twitched in suppressed anger.

"It wasn't me that messed it up," he said with a dark tone.

The next moment, Lucius pointed at the corpse.

"He doomed me to forever remain here!"

Shang didn't say anything, but he knew that Lucius was right.

In a certain way, this Lucius had been put into this situation against his will.

When Shang had looked at Lucius earlier, he had realized something.

The numbers making up Lucius' existence didn't entirely make sense.

It was like there was something missing.

It was like Lucius wasn't a complete being.

And when Shang had looked at the corpse, he had seen the same thing.

The numbers of the corpse also didn't fully make sense.Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

But when the corpse and Lucius were put together, everything made sense.

That was when Shang realized what had happened.

Now, Shang knew how there could be a dead and a living Lucius.

Now, Shang knew why Lucius had changed so much compared to his old self.

Now, Shang knew how the old Lucius had died.

"He wanted to have his cake and eat it too, huh?"

Shang asked with a dark chuckle.

Lucius didn't answer, but based on his annoyed and serious expression, Shang could tell that he had hit the nail on the head.

"When the old Lucius became a God, he looked past the silver wall and found the infinite void of the Abominations," Shang explained.

"He entered the void and traveled through it until he found the eternity of Destruction behind it."

"Just like me, he despaired at the sight."

Then, Shang chuckled confidently.

"But alsojust like me, he found a quick solution."

"As the Child of Calamity, we have control over Entropy."

"This means that we also have control over the infinite void of Entropy around Aterium."

"We can just command the infinite void to follow us and create a nearly infinite shield around us."

"Even more, since there is Destruction out there, it means that there is also Entropy and Mana out there."

"With some tricks, we can even attract more Entropy into the void, which would keep our shield strong."

"As long as we keep traveling in one direction like this, we are bound to find something that will allow us to gather Mana again, which, in turn, will allow us to become more powerful."

"Alternatively, by learning more about Mana and Entropy, we might also find a different method of growing more powerful."

"Nevertheless, at some point, we are going to find something different out there."

"We just need to leave Aterium and command the void of Entropy to follow us."

Shang chuckled again.

"But that was where Lucius got sentimental, wasn't it?"

Hatred appeared in the current Lucius' eyes as he thought back to that fateful day.

"He didn't want to leave all his friends behind," Shang said. "Yes, if he left Aterium with the void of Entropy, he would have dealt with the issue of the Abominations."

"However, without someone controlling Aterium, another void of Entropy would form, and the Abominations would return."

"Even more, Lucius would be leaving with the majority of Mana of Aterium."

"So, what does Lucius do in this case?"

"He created me," the current Lucius said with narrowed eyes.

Shang laughed a bit.

"I heard from Gregorio that Lucius seemed conflicted from time to time."

"He was someone that was always kind, but sometimes, he lost control and did horrible things."

"By looking at how reality and life worked, Lucius was able to find out why these things happened."

"And in the end, he decided to separate the bad numbers from the good numbers."

"Lucius split himself in two," Shang said.

"One was a nice guy with inner peace, and the other was a pile of volatile and angry emotions."

"And since Lucius was now such a nice guy, he also felt guilt, didn't he?" Shang asked.

"He felt guilty for forcing part of himself to forever stay in Aterium, and he also felt bad for taking the majority of Mana with him."

"So, he handed a big part of his Mana back to Aterium."

"However, as the new God of the world, you have essentially become Aterium."

"You are the world, and the world is you."

"That meant that Lucius had essentially given you the Mana."

"And you..."

"And I killed him," Lucius said with a satisfied grin.

BANG!

Then, Lucius kicked the corpse into the wall.

"He took me out of himself and put me into Aterium itself," Lucius said. "I don't even have a body. You could say the silver wall is my skin, and Aterium itself is my flesh, bones, blood, and organs."

"This body is merely a projection. It's hollow and meaningless."

The next moment, Lucius gritted his teeth.

"I can't even inhabit a different body since I have been integrated into the Concepts of the world itself!"

"Lucius knew that he had to connect my life to the life of Aterium! Otherwise, I would just leave Aterium behind."

"Just like he tried to leave me behind," Lucius spoke with venom.

"Sure, I can create a body for myself, but if! were to enter that body, I would lose all my power and stop existing."

"I am stuck!"

"I am stuck as Aterium's God for all eternity!"

SHlNG!

The corpse reappeared in front of Lucius, and Lucius kicked it into the wall again.

"This was the fate he has bestowed on me!"

The next moment, a mad grin appeared on Lucius' face.

"And that's why I killed him!"

"Our battle actually wasn't easy."

"In the beginning, he actually had the upper hand, but he just couldn't get himself to finish it."

"He had connected me to Aterium, which also means that Aterium is connected to me."

"So, ifl die, Lucius would essentially doom Aterium since he has exhausted his existence already. He couldn't split again."

"If he killed me, he would either be stuck in Aterium forever himself, or he would leave Aterium without a God."

Lucius chuckled a bit.

"Naturally, I used that to my advantage, and in the end, I managed to kill him."

"I scattered his Mana across all of Aterium, which basically just means absorbing it for myself."

"And then, I was stuck."

Lucius leaned back on his destroyed throne and smirked at Shang.

"Well, now that you know..."

"What will you do?"

Occasionally missing content, please report errors in time.