CRKSH!

A gigantic black tear tore through Lucius' body, destroying it and scattering bits and pieces of it across the hall.

"That's what I'm going to do," Shang said with a chuckle.

Yes, that was it.

The God...

Lucius...

Was dead.

Just like that.

Lucius had told everything Shang needed to know, and there was no more reason to keep him alive.

So, Shang just killed him.

The next moment, the will on Aterium vanished.

Nobody was controlling Aterium anymore.

"Wait," Shang transmitted to the distant Abaddon. "Don't take control of the world just yet."

Abaddon could sense where Shang was, and hejust nodded.

"Of course."

"I'm going to leave the world for a bit to confirm something," Shang said. "I will be back within the next six months."

"Six months?" Abaddon asked in surprise.

Why would Shang need so long?

"Yes," Shang answered, "Aterium is surrounded by a nearly infinite void of Entropy, and I need to travel to its edge to confirm something. It will take me about six months or so to go there and return."

Abaddon furrowed his brows.

That sounded bad.

After all, if there were a cloud of Entropy around Aterium, it might become difficult to travel through it.

Hopefully, Shang could get them through it.

"Of course," Abaddon answered.

Shang cut the connection and created a portal.

After floating through the portal, Shang found himself in a seemingly infinite void filled with Entropy.

Behind Shang was a humongous ball of silver.

That was Aterium.

Shang expanded to his full size and shot in one direction.

The next moment, a seemingly random animal in Aterium was born with an Affinity for Fire, Ice, Light, and Darkness.

The old Child of Calamity had left, and a new one had been created by Entropy.

But that wouldn't become an issue for a long time.

Shang traveled forward for a very long time.

Everywhere he looked, he only saw an infinite void of Entropy.

Eventually, Shang reached the edge of the nearly infinite void.

'That confirms it,' Shang thought as he looked at the unimaginable forces of Destruction in front of him. 'Lucius didn't lie.'

Shang looked around a bit more, but in the end, he flew back to Aterium.

Shang entered Aterium without any issues and appeared in the place where the Judgment Palace had once been.

Abaddon, Kali, and Gregorio quickly arrived at that spot and looked with anxiety at Shang.

Could they finally leave?

Could they finally see the outside world?

What did the outside world look like?

"There are some issues," Shang said as he looked at the three of them.

The three of them became nervous.

Then, Shang told them everything about the infinite void of Entropy and the unimaginable forces of Destruction beyond it.

Shang didn't tell them about Lucius since he didn't want to explain all of that.

When they heard about the forces of Destruction, the three of them became terrified.

They couldn't leave?!

"There might be a way to leave," Shang said. "However, you have to give me like a day or so."

The three of them were still nervous, but there wasn't really anything they could do, so theyjust nodded.

Shang left again and reappeared in Lucius' space castle.

As Shang floated through the hall, some thoughts shot through his mind.

Back when Shang had found out that he could change his mind with Entropy, he had considered something.

Should he get rid of the part that allowed him to feel empathy?

In the end, he had decided against it.

After all, what if he somehow needed it?

And in a certain way, he kind of needed it right now.

'According to Gregorio's description, Lucius was generally a nice and helpful person with a dark core that sometimes broke out.'

'In a certain way, I am the opposite. I am a very selfish person, but I also kept Kali, Abaddon, Gregorio, and the Archivist alive.'

'Was there a reason to keep the four of them alive?'

'Would they be useful in any way?'

'No.'

'And yet, I still did it.'

'I didn't want to betray the promise that I made to Gregorio.'

'I didn't want to betray Abaddon's help.'

'There is still some humanity left in me.'

Sflence.

...

...

'Time to change that,' Shang thought with a smirk.

The next moment, Shang looked at the numbers that made up his own being.

'Lucius used his powers as a God to purify his self.'

'He got rid of his impure thoughts and became a peaceful and nice person.'

'However, a peaceful and nice person will inevitably get taken advantage of and die in the end.'FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

'Lucius died to his own stupidity.'

'I won't make the same mistake.'

The next moment, Shang began to tear at his being. Immediately, Shang was assaulted with incredible pain, but he didn't even react to it.

Shang was no stranger to pain, and he could deal with every pain imaginable.

WHOOOOM!

At the same time, a man with black hair and a black saber appeared in the hall.

Yet, the man was turned into Mana and Entropy in an instant.

This had been an Abomination God.

How powerful was an Abomination God?

Nobody knew.

Shang had no interest in finding out and hadjust instantly split it into Entropy and Mana before it could do anything.

Shang had summoned the Abomination God for one simple reason.

Mana.

A portal appeared in front of Shang, and the black ball of Entropy flew through it.

Shang had taken the Abomination God's Entropy and threw it into the infinite void of Entropy.

Now, only the Mana was left.

'That's enough,' Shang thought with a chuckle. 'You don't need a full body.'

The next moment, Shang's will grabbed Aterium violently and shoved part of his self into it.

The process was painful, but the further it progressed, the louder Shang laughed.

"Weakness!" Shang shouted.

"My weakness is leaving my body!"

Shang's laugh became louder and louder.

Slowly, even the last bits of empathy left his soul.

And about an hour later, it was over.

BANG!

A man with blonde hair was thrown at the ground of the castle.

The man looked extremely similar to Shang's human body.

The only differences were that he was fully human and that his hair color was different.

Additionally, there wasn't even a single bit of Entropy inside him.

He was a fully-fledged human.

Lying on the ground, the man slowly opened his eyes, which then widened into shock.

"HAHAHAHAHAHA!" Shang laughed as he looked at the pathetic human in front of him.

Infinite rage and hatred appeared in the human in front of Shang.

CRAAAACK!

The next moment, a terrifying black tear tore through the black ball that was Shang.

"HAHAHAHAHA!"

Yet, Shang didn't stop laughing.

"Oh, foolish human," Shang said with a mocking tone.

"Do you truly believe I would give you the power to hurt me? I'm not as naive as Lucius."

BANG!

Several more black tears tore through Shang, but they couldn't injure him at all.

"Die!" the man shouted.

"I want you to die!"

"You're a monster!"

"I hate you!"

BANG!

The next moment, a tendril shot out of the black ball and pushed the man onto the ground.

The man wasn't able to resist in the slightest.

"Why so angry?" Shang asked with a chuckle. "After all, I've freed you."

"You're finally able to do whatever you want to do."

"You should be thankful to me..."

"Alex."

Occasionally missing content, please report errors in time.