Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Alex gritted his teeth in hatred.

"Thankful?!" he shouted. "You killed everyone who helped us!"

"You killed Jerald!"

"You killed all the Mage Kings that helped us!"

"You killed Agon!"

"You ended all life on Aterium!"

"You're a monster!"

"HAHAHAHA!" Shang just laughed.

"And I feel nothing!" Shang shouted between laughs.

"I feel zero guilt!"

"I would do it again!"

"And again!"

"My eyes are finally open!"

"I can finally see my past self for what it truly was!"

"Weak!"

"l was weak!"

"Empathy is weakness!"

"Feelings for others is weakness!"

"In this world, you can only rely on yourself!"

"HAHAHAHAHA!"

Several powerful tears shot through Shang's body, but he only continued laughing.

"You're so pathetic, Alex," Shang shouted in laughter.

BANG!

Shang severely injured Alex with one of his tendrils.

Huge parts of Alex's body were torn off, and Shang just held Alex aloft with his torso.

"And you are the reason," Shang said with a smirk.

"You're my weakness."

"And for making me weak for so long, I am going to punish you with the worst thing I can imagine."

"An eternity of not being able to become stronger."

Alex gritted his teeth in hatred.

"You're the God of this world now, Alex," Shang said with a smirk.

"Can you feel it?"

"The world?"

"Aterium?"

"That's you now."

"If Aterium dies, you die."

"But I also made a little change since I'm not as nice as Lucius."

"Yes, if Aterium dies, you die, but if you die, Aterium also dies."

"The silver walls are now intrinsically connected to your mind."

"If you go unconscious or die, the silver walls will stop functioning, and the things outside the silver walls will enter."

"Alex, you're such a nice guy. Lucius said so, didn't he?"

"You wouldn't commit suicide if that meant destroying quadrillions of lives, right?"

"HAHAHAHAHAHA!"

Shang laughed loudly.

Blood flowed out of Alex's mouth as he ground his teeth into dust.

Alex hated Shang so much.

Sadly, this was not a new feeling.

Shang had always suppressed Alex.

Alex had always tried to convince Shang to have some friends by filling him with regrets and guilt, but whenever that happened, Shang had outbursts and fought these feelings by killing more.

And when Shang killed Jerald, Alex had been fully locked away.

Yet, Alex had still seen everything that Shang had done.

To him, it had been like someone had taken control of his body and forced him to commit atrocities.

"Anyway," Shang said before throwing Alex to the other end of the hall.

"I think the wild and infinite outside is calling to me."

"I hope you won't mind that I'm leaving you here to keep things in check, right?" Shang said with a mocking chuckle.

"Hey, at least I'm taking the Abominations with me.

That's something at least, right?"

Shang turned around and laughed loudly.

"Anyway, gotta go! Just stay where you are, okay?"

The next moment, a black portal appeared, and Shang floated through it.

And then, the portal closed.

Silence.

Crk.

Alex's nails cut through the floor of the castle in hatred, suppression, and rage.

Shang was gone.

The next moment, Alex felt something change beyond the silver wall.

The Entropy was gone.

But now, the unimaginable forces of Destruction were directly beside Aterium.

Luckily, the silver walls kept the forces of Destruction at bay.

Alex knew that this was probably how Aterium had once been.

After all, the Abominations had only appeared something like a million years ago.

At least, that was when the Archivist had noticed them for the first time.

Over a long period of time, a cloud of Entropy had formed around Aterium, and when that cloud had reached a certain densitv. the Abominations had

appeared.

Since the cloud of Entropy was now gone, there also wouldn't be any more Abominations.

Additionally, since the Entropy gathered around

Aterium only very slowly, it wasn't difficult for Alex to disperse it again.

This meant that not a single Abomination would appear in the world again.

'At least I kept that promise,' Alex thought with regret.

'l'm sorry, everyone.'

'l'm sorry that l disappointed you.'

'Life on Aterium still underwent a reset, but at least the Abominations are now gone.'

Yet, that didn't help Alex's feelings at all.

Alex also wanted to see the outside and become more powerful.

But now, he was stuck in Aterium.

Forever.

The next moment, Alex felt a Spirit Sense wash over him, and he gritted his teeth in hatred.

Abaddon!

'You are part of the reason why all life was eradicated!'

CRRRRRRK!

The next moment, an impossibly hard and durable piece of metal shot out of the ground somewhere in Aterium.

A moment later, the piece of metal was compressed, and it changed its shape.

SHING!

The piece of metal vanished and appeared in front of Alex.

It was a glowing white sword!

Alex's eyes opened in anger and hatred.

SHING!

Alex vanished.Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

SHING!

And reappeared in front of Abaddon, Kali, and Gregorio.

The three of them looked with surprise at the person in front of them.

This guy looked a bit like Shang, but his Aura was completely different.

Alex looked with unending hatred at Abaddon.

Alex was now the God of the world, and Aterium's Mana was his Mana.

Abaddon was still only a Peak Mage Emperor, which meant that over ten Peak Mage Emperors of Mana were inside Aterium.

Together with Alex's own Mana, he had access to more Mana than a normal God.

Additionally, since Alex knew everything that Shang knew, he also had all of Shang's techniques and experiences.

This was someone with a sevenfold Spirit Sense in the God Realm.

Alex was a Sword God.

Abaddon's eyes widened in terror.

Alex lifted his sword.

CRACK!

Reality tore apart.

Abaddon was cut into bits and pieces of blood, which were then turned into tiny particles by millions of tiny cuts.

Abaddon was dead.

Kali barely managed to react before the same thing happened to her as well.

In an instant, their Mana was scattered across the world.

Yet, Alex didn't seem happy at all.

Gregorio looked with terror and fear at the person in front of him.

"Shang?" he asked with uncertainty. "Is that you?"

Alex took a deep breath.

Then, he looked at Gregorio with narrowed eyes.

"You were complicit," Alex said.

"Without you, Shang would have never been able to destroy the world!"

"For your own selfish goals, you were willing to sacrifice everyone and everything!"

"You're not better than Shang!"

Gregorio's being was filled with horror.

But Gregorio didn't have any opportunity to feel any more regret or horror.

Alex killed him in an instant.

Silence.

Abaddon, Kali, and Gregorio were dead.

And Alex?

He only put his head in his hands.

He wasn't happy.

He was stuck here.

Forever.

A moment later, Alex looked at the sword in his hand with gritted teeth.

He moved the sword to his neck.

But then, his Spirit Sense unwittingly went over the world.

By now, life had recovered.

It was beautiful.

The world was beautiful.

It was brimming with infinite untapped potential like a newborn child.

Alex looked back at the sword, and tears came out of his eyes.

Eventually, Alex just threw the sword to the side.

He couldn't do it.

He couldn't kill himself.

He was stuck.

In Aterium.

Forever.

The next moment, Alex looked towards the south.

Alex and the Archivist looked at each other.

Alex didn't want to kill the Archivist.

After all, the Archivist had done his best to kill Shang.

"I guess we'll get to know each other very well in the coming eternity," Alex said with a helpless sigh.

The Archivist looked with furrowed brows at Alex.

Occasionally missing content, please report errors in time.