Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 160 Boat In A Storm


For several minutes, Shang only looked towards the north.

Today, he had witnessed true power.

"Don't think too much about it," Yiral said from beside Shang. "Us humans are simply helpless in front of the Zone Beasts. The only thing we can do is survive."

Shang stood up and looked at his surroundings.

Sure enough, all the guards were standing beside their loaded ballistae with serious expressions. It was like nothing had happened.

It was like they had never seen the Storm Eagle, and they all only focused on the present danger.

Shang slowly turned around and jumped on top of the wall to look at the wilderness.

What he saw made cold sweat run down his back.

Chaos!

All the beasts had been thrown around!

All the beasts began to run around in panic, and whenever another beast met them, they either attacked or fled.

At this moment, over 50 fights were probably taking place at the border between the Canyon and the Wasteland, and all these fights were only between Commander Stage beasts.

And the General Stage beasts?

They fled in panic.

All the different, hidden beasts shot out of their burrows as they fled towards the north.

Why the north?

Because Commander Stage beasts were fighting in the south.

The General Stage beasts were afraid of the Commander Stage beasts and fled towards the north in droves.

Shang looked on in shock as an army of General Stage beasts ran towards Warrior's Paradise.

BOOOOM!

Suddenly, a huge explosion hit a cluster of beasts, and Shang felt a wave of heat hit his face.

  At that moment, Shang felt an incredible amount of Fire Mana envelop his surroundings.

The General Stage beasts were blown apart as their innards and body parts scattered over the surrounding hundred meters.

BOOOOM!

Another explosion.

BOOOOM!

Another one.

Shang was reminded of the documentaries and movies he had seen on Earth.

This bombardment of explosions reminded Shang of heavy artillery.

More and more explosions occurred, and Shang looked towards the east.

There, Shang saw several Fire Mages flinging small fireballs at the beasts.

Usually, Warrior's Paradise only had a few Fire Mages, but just a couple of days ago, several more Fire Mages had arrived.

This was probably one of Warrior's Paradise's major expenditures.

They had bought the services of these Fire Mages.

And it sure as hell was showing its effect.

Every single fireball decimated several General Stage beasts as they fled towards the north.

The ones that passed Warrior's Paradise from a distance mostly survived, but the ones that ran directly at it or passed close by it were under constant bombardment.

Shang looked with wide eyes as apocalypse descended upon the beasts in the Wasteland.


The Fire Mages were massacring the General Stage beasts by the hundreds!

At this moment, Shang truly understood what it meant that the Mages would do the majority of the work.

A warrior couldn't create such destruction.

A warrior could kill one beast at a time, but they couldn't create such devastating attacks that took out several beasts at once.

As Shang watched the Mages, he realized their true power yet again.

What could he do?

If he were to fight someone like that, what could he do?

The Fire Mage wouldn't even need to hit him.

They only needed to hit the surrounding 20 meters or so.

On top of that, the small fireballs were shooting toward the ground at incredible speeds. It was almost like they were shot out of a gun, and Shang could barely see an orange streak before an explosion occurred.

'This power…'

'One single Fire Mage can already unleash more destruction than heavy artillery.'

'Even more, they don't even need a long time to prepare their next spell.'

'On top of that, they can move at insane speeds.'

'One Fire Mage would be the most dangerous weapon on Earth, except for nuclear weapons.'

'And they are only in the Third Realm.'

'There are several more after that!'

'How powerful can humans become in this world?!'

After a while, Shang's feeling of shock transformed into burning desire.

'I want to have this power!'

'In this world, I have the chance to reach powers that are unimaginable for anyone on Earth!'

'I know that there are humans in this world somewhere that are even more powerful than Zone Beasts. After all, the God said that the Mages rule the entire world. He didn't say that the beasts are the rulers.'

'How powerful would these Mages be?'

Shang couldn't imagine it.

"Down!"

Yiral suddenly pulled Shang behind the wall.

Shortly after, Shang heard an ear-piercing screech accompanied by the sound of one of the ballistae firing.

BOOOM!

The tower below Shang began to shake violently as something hit its side.

At the same time, a violent wind passed above the wall, and Shang could see the air above him distort.

"You can look again," Yiral said as he looked over the wall. "That was a Destruction Wing."

"Look," Yiral said as he pointed over the wall.

Shang also jumped on top of the wall and looked down.

Shang could see two pairs of huge wings with a small body between them fall to the ground. A huge arrow was stuck inside the body.

It was a bird with ridiculously large wings.

"This is a Destruction Wing. It has a level ten Wind Ability. It exclusively attacks with powerful cutting wind. Just being near it can be fatal to Commander Stage warriors," Yiral explained.

Shang looked at the falling corpse with awe.

This beast was at least twenty meters long!

As Shang saw the corpse, he immediately thought of the Old Ice Octopus and the Earth Fruit Hedgehog.


  Those two had been at the same level as this Destruction Wing.

These two hegemons in Duke Whirlwind's garden would only count as two more spots in the sea of beasts.

Commander Stage beasts didn't count for anything in Warrior's Paradise.

Shang looked into the distance and saw that the Commander Stage beasts had come closer to Warrior's Paradise.

"Stage Two!"

Shang heard the voice of the dean echo throughout Warrior's Paradise.

Shortly after the order was given, the Mages stopped their bombardment of the General Stage beasts.

Instead, the Mages quickly gathered together into groups of three, and they all began casting together.

Each group had two Fire Mages and one Wind Mage.

In front of each group stood an Earth Mage, who would count as a defense if any beast came close.

After just a couple of seconds, a huge fireball began to hover over each group.

Shang could feel far more Fire Mana inside these fireballs than in the smaller, previous ones.

The Fire Mages stopped casting, and the Wind Mages pointed in different directions.

pᴀɴdᴀ nᴏveʟ An instant later, the gigantic fireballs seemingly vanished into thin air.

BOOOOOOOM!

Explosions nearly a hundred meters wide appeared in the air as the gigantic fireballs hit flying Commander Stage beasts.

The hot air washed over Shang, and he felt like his face was burning up. However, thanks to his powerful body, he didn't sustain any burns.

The shockwave of those explosions nearly threw him into the distance, but Yiral held Shang's arm. 

At this moment, Shang realized that he was far out of his element.

Yiral had essentially saved Shang's life two or three times by now!

This was not a place where a mere Soldier Stage warrior should be!

This was a battlefield of Commander Stage warriors and True Mages!

If Shang were here on his own, he would have already died.

If Yiral hadn't held Shang's arm just now, Shang would have been thrown down the tower.

He wouldn't have survived such a fall.

Shang was only a small boat inside stormy seas.

His survival was not in his control.

For his survival, he could only rely on the people around him.

However, instead of feeling fear, Shang only felt awe and desire.

He wanted to become this powerful!

He wanted to reach this power!

Suddenly, Shang saw a couple of soldiers jump over the wall of the tower.

Shang's shocked eyes followed them, and he looked down.

At that moment, Shang saw an army of warriors falling down Warrior's Paradise!

All of them had a green shimmer of Wind Mana around them.

Shang could see soldiers but also hunters.

So this was where all the powerful hunters were!

They had waited until the bombardment of the Fire Mages was over to start hunting!

The ballistae were still manned, but the soldiers that didn't have much to do jumped straight into the battlefield.

Only Commander Stage warriors jumped down, and Shang quickly saw them gather in teams. After landing, the teams shot at different Commander Stage beasts.

And the real war began!

