Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 162 Exploding Mountain Turtle


"Get down!" Yiral shouted, but Shang was faster. He had already jumped down from the wall before Yiral could even start shouting.

BOOOM!

A second later, an explosion of wind occurred above them as a bird with an incredibly long beak shot towards one of the ballistae. 

The ballista barely missed the Spear Stork, and it was about to be destroyed.

BANG!

Suddenly, the officer in golden armor jumped forward and blocked the attack with a tower shield. Surprisingly, the officer managed to halt the attack of the Spear Stork, but the entire tower began to shake under the stress.

The Spear Stork was only in the Early Commander Stage while the commander was at the Peak. So, even though he was a human, their bodies were about equal right now due to the difference in their levels.

Yet, the wind of the Spear Stork still broke the ballista. It would need to be repaired.

SHING!

The commander took out a spear and stabbed the Spear Stork's chest.

CRK!

The Spear Stork's ribcage was destroyed as the spear destroyed its insides. With a kick, the officer threw the Spear Stork over the wall.

"Report!" the officer shouted as he looked at the soldiers beside him.

"The limb has been destroyed! It will take about a minute to repair!" a soldier with a silver uniform shouted as he summoned a new limb.

A limb was the long part at the front of a crossbow. It was the part that held the string in place.

The officer quickly gave several commands as he stepped to the front of the tower in a defensive position.

This was already the second time this had happened in the last couple of hours.

Shang had been watching and learning for over four hours already.

In these last four hours, Shang had learned an insane amount of information. Every second, he was learning more and more just by watching others fight.

By now, things had calmed down a little bit, but not by much. There were fewer beasts than in the initial wave, but there were still a lot.

The Mages were still bombarding all the powerful beasts they saw, but they didn't need to fire continuously.

The Spear Stork had only been at the Initial Commander Stage, which was why the Mages had ignored it. It was the task of the ballistae to deal with these weak beasts.

The warriors were incredibly good at firing the ballistae, and they had a hit rate of over 95%!


Yet 95% meant that one in twenty hits would still miss, and this Spear Stork had been one of these misses.

However, the Mages were even better at hitting. In the last couple of hours, they had only let a single beast through, which had been a Peak Commander Stage Spear Stork.

Spear Storks were already insanely fast, and one at the Peak Commander Stage was definitely in a class of its own when it came to speed. Not even the Mages had been able to hit it.

However, before the Spear Stork had reached the Mages, its head suddenly exploded, and its body hit the mountain below Warrior's Paradise.

Shang hadn't seen what had killed the Spear Stork, but there was only one thing with such destructive power in Warrior's Paradise.

The Dean had attacked.

pᴀɴdᴀ nᴏveʟ Shang had only seen a black streak light up for an instant. In the beginning, he hadn't been sure what that black streak was, but he realized what it was when he saw the Dean stand on the walls with his black spear in his hand.

He had thrown the spear, and the spear had returned of its own volition.

Sword could already move on its own with a bit of speed. A sentient weapon at the True Path Stage could probably move far faster.

By now, it was noon. According to what Yiral had said, the Day of Chaos didn't go over the entire day. It generally stopped late in the afternoon or early in the evening. 

This meant that about half the time had already passed. Four or so more hours, and the Day of Chaos would end.

Shang jumped on the wall again and continued watching. By now, he had gotten used to the Mages' terrifying power. There was no way to compare a Mage with a warrior.

Warriors needed to fight in teams over the course of a drawn-out battle to kill a beast.

Meanwhile, a Mage could unleash one or two spells to deal with one.

Even more, the Mages weren't only superior in terms of destructive potential. No, they also moved faster than the warriors. 

They weren't running around, but from time to time, they simply shot to the side with absolutely insane speeds.

This was probably the Mana Step Shang had heard about in Vice-Dean Ranos' class.

Over 90% of the beasts couldn't even get close to the Mage.

The 10% that got close would find themselves far away again after the Mage used Mana Step. From those 10%, only 3% managed to get close again.

And from those 3%?

At that point, the Mages would simply use different kinds of Spells to keep the enemy at bay.

Fire Mages exploded the area in front of them to create a smokescreen.

Wind Mages created powerful wind to hinder their opponent while casting their destructive spells.

Earth Mages simply created barriers.

And that was when even the remaining beasts found their death.


Of course, these Mages were only fighting beasts on their level. They weren't jumping levels, but their dominance over opponents on the same level was already impressive enough.

Another two hours passed, and the beasts calmed down even more. 

Around 10% of the fighting warriors had died, which was average for a Day of Chaos.

Only one Mage died because he had been targeted by two incredibly fast beasts at the same time while dealing with a third one.

That had just been horrible luck.

"Soran will do the procedure."

Shang turned to the side as he suddenly heard a deep voice.

He saw that the Dean had suddenly appeared beside Shang as he looked at the horizon.

Shang wasn't sure what the Dean was talking about at this moment. "What?" he asked.

"A True Path beast has attacked the Empress Cobra Zone, and Whirlwind is busy dealing with it," the Dean said without acknowledging Shang's words.

Shang took a deep breath.

A True Path beast!

"Red Alert!"

  Shang suddenly heard the officer in golden armor shout. "It's an ancient Exploding Mountain Turtle!"

"Soran will do the procedure in case I don't return," the Dean said.

For some reason, the Dean's words only entered Shang's ears. Even Yiral, who was directly beside Shang, didn't hear them.

At that moment, Shang's eyes widened as he realized what the Dean meant.

Duke Whirlwind was busy with the Empress Cobra Zone.

And now, a True Path beast was also attacking the Storm Eagle Zone!

As the only True Path Stage warrior in Warrior's Paradise, it was up to the Dean to deal with that beast.

However, the Dean was a warrior.

Even though the Dean was the most powerful warrior in the world, a True Path Stage beast was probably even more powerful than him.

SHING!

A burst of air pushed Shang against the wall as the Dean shot into the distance.

In the distance, in the Canyon, a mountain was slowly moving forward.

It was nearly 500 meters tall.

This was the Dean's enemy, the Exploding Mountain Turtle!

