Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 177 Teacher Mervin's Advice


Shang looked at teacher Loran and teacher Mervin. Both of them didn't seem to be in good spirits.

"Yes?" Shang asked emotionlessly.

Teacher Mervin had a calm expression on his face, while teacher Loran frowned.

Teacher Mervin looked at teacher Loran and then at Shang. "I am here as a mediator," he said.

Shang scoffed. "Mediator?" he asked. "Weren't you on his side when he tried to threaten me into following his demands?"

"No, I was not," teacher Mervin said.

This surprised Shang.

Teacher Mervin wasn't?

But hadn't teacher Loran said that teacher Mervin was on his side?

Shang looked at teacher Loran with furrowed brows.

"I assumed they were on board, but they weren't," teacher Loran grumbled.

Shang narrowed his eyes.

Not only had teacher Loran wanted to threaten Shang into compliance, but he had also lied about the stance of the other teachers.

"While I agree with teacher Loran's goals," teacher Mervin said, "I don't agree with his methods."

"I believe following his advice is the correct choice for you, but I think he hasn't communicated his advice correctly."

Teacher Loran only snorted.

Shang had already learned that teacher Loran was basically a stubborn old man stuck in his ways.

Getting him to admit to a mistake was basically impossible.

"Shang, we three will not stand in your way if you want to pursue special training," teacher Mervin said. "I also talked with teacher Olga, and she is in agreement. While we do wish for you to change for the better, we won't force this upon you."

"We are your teachers. You are our student. We can teach you what is right or wrong, but we can't force you to follow our advice. Doing so would be denying your individuality."

"We can use our experienced eyes to search for the best path, but only you can walk it."

By now, Shang had calmed down a lot.

The fact that teacher Loran had essentially threatened him with his future had irked Shang to no end.

In Shang's mind, this was basically the same as a girlfriend giving an ultimatum to her boyfriend. "It's either your friend or me!"

In that case, the only correct decision was to get rid of the person giving the ultimatum.

Now, the ultimatum had been nullified, and everything was back at its old place.

"And what kind of path is best for me in your experienced eyes?" Shang asked in a weird tone. He wasn't sure himself if that was mocking or serious.

On one hand, Shang had already gained quite a detailed understanding of the world, but on the other hand, the teachers had lived in this world for many more decades than him, and they had come further.

Shang was honestly not sure if he should believe them.


They were far more experienced than Shang.

However, they had also only reached the Commander Stage.

Sure, the Commander Stage was amazing, but Shang's goals reached much further.

If their advice were so perfect, why hadn't they reached the True Path Realm yet? Shang didn't believe that it was impossible to change one's habits, even late in someone's life.

There had to be a path forward.

So, while their advice might be worth its weight in gold, it would only help Shang reach the Commander Stage, and even worse, it might actually stop Shang from ever reaching the True Path Stage.

Because of that, Shang was uncertain what he should make of their advice.

Teacher Loran didn't like the tone Shang had used with teacher Mervin, but teacher Loran couldn't be sure that Shang had actually ridiculed him.

It was somewhat confusing.

"Shang, what is your goal?" teacher Mervin asked.

"Power," Shang immediately answered.

Teacher Loran wasn't the biggest fan of Shang's answer. People whose goal was only power were often people that committed the most horrible atrocities to satiate their own greed for power.

pᴀɴdᴀ nᴏveʟ People like that essentially weren't humans in teacher Loran's eyes.

"Just power?" teacher Mervin asked calmly.

"Yes," Shang answered after a bit. However, his voice had shown only the slightest bit of uncertainty.

"Alright," teacher Mervin said. "What after you reach your goal?"

"After I reach my goal?" Shang asked with furrowed brows.

"Let's assume you became the most powerful being in this world. Let's assume there are no more enemies that can be a danger to you."

"What then?"

Silence.

For a while, Shang was uncertain.

He didn't know what he would do then.

Would he return to Earth? No, definitely not.

Would he follow in the God's footsteps and watch the world for entertainment?

But then what?

Wouldn't he grow bored eventually?

Shang's thoughts went towards love and romance next.

At the moment, Shang was not interested in a relationship. Having a relationship meant investing time and effort, which meant having less time and effort for his training.

A relationship could always wait.

But what after he had achieved his goal?


…

Sure, he could have a relationship.

Maybe learn about what's beyond this world?

Maybe search for more powerful people outside this world? If there was an Earth, there might actually be more.

If there was one God, couldn't there be more?

"Do you have your answer?" teacher Mervin asked after seeing that Shang had been quiet for over 20 seconds.

"Many things," Shang answered. "Love, family, friends, discovery, all that kind of stuff."

When teacher Loran heard that, his face relaxed.

He had feared that Shang had already become an isolated person only focused on their greed for power, but that didn't seem to be the case.

Shang didn't answer that he would search for even more power, which would be what these kinds of people most often said.

"But if you are the strongest being, will you be able to foster these kinds of relationships?" teacher Mervin asked.

This question took Shang by surprise.

As the most powerful person, Shang should be able to do anything.

His instinctual answer was yes.

However, Shang also realized something else.

Shang thought back to Earth. Power in this world could be equated to wealth on Earth.

Shang had heard that many millionaires had trouble finding friends and loved ones. They very often feared that their friends were only after their money.

They didn't love them because of them, but because of their money.

So, wouldn't something similar happen here?

What if the most powerful person held a grand election for their partner?

Wouldn't only people arrive because of their status?

What if the most powerful person searched for a partner without any grand announcement?

Well, nearly everyone would probably be put off by their sheer power and reject any kind of genuine feelings.

"It's difficult," Shang said.

"It is," teacher Mervin said. "However, if you have a close circle of friends, it shouldn't be difficult. Maybe you will find someone in that circle. Maybe some of them could introduce you. There are plenty of opportunities."

"Shang, power might be your primary goal, but you can't forget about a time after."

For a while, Shang remained silent.

Teacher Mervin and teacher Loran had the same opinion and same goal in talking to Shang. However, they went about it very differently.

"And what should I do in your opinion?" Shang asked.

"Get a team," teacher Mervin said. "Join a team of hunters. Take part in group missions. Try not to deny an invitation if an acquaintance gives you one."

"Just one thing, essentially."

"Be more amongst people."

