Chapter 182 Success!


Everything was burning!

Every part of his being was burning!

The foreign bone marrow came into contact with the last bit of Shang's bone marrow that went directly into his brain.

Shang's subconsciousness was throwing out orders to repair everything, and the bone marrow complied.

The bone marrow created lots of blood by burning away Shang's Mana, but all of this was foreign blood.

As the foreign blood came into contact with Shang's body, it began to disintegrate the incompatible matter.

Shang's blood was essentially burning away all of his body!

At the same time, the Dean put many different crystals filled with Light Mana on different parts of Shang's back.

When he saw Shang's body moving, he pressed down on it. He couldn't allow Shang to move right now.

"AAAHH!"

Shang screamed in a shrill voice, and it made Mattheo and Soran feel uneasy.

For them, it wasn't easy to hear such a pained screech.

Shang's Mana and life energy were quickly used up, but the light crystals refilled it instantly.

At the side, Duke Whirlwind frowned. "Seems like this procedure only works on people with a warrior's body. The Light Mana itself isn't enough to heal everything, and it needs the supplemental Neutral Mana from the body."

Shang didn't even hear Duke Whirlwind.

The pain was just too much!

This was even worse than the procedure itself!

Over the next minute, Shang's entire body began to burn away from the inside, and Shang began to puke one mouthful of blood after the other.

His body was getting rid of all the destroyed parts of his body via his mouth. On Earth, something like this wouldn't work, but with Mana, a lot of impossible things became possible.

Shang began to puke more and more, and over the next five minutes, he had puked over ten liters of blood and gore.

Luckily, his Mana kept healing him.

Eventually, some parts of his body began to adapt to the foreign blood.

They took on the properties of the foreign blood and began to work together with it to destroy everything else.

At that point, Shang's puking only got worse.

A near-constant stream of gore left his mouth, and he wanted to do nothing else but stop and actually breathe.

Half an hour later, all the blood had been replaced.

Ten minutes later, all his organs had been replaced.

Another ten minutes later, all his muscles had been replaced.


Then, his nerves got replaced.

And finally, Shang's mind was replaced.

pᴀɴdᴀ nᴏveʟ Shang had already lost consciousness when the foreign matter attacked his mind as pieces of brain and blood flowed out of his nose.

At this point, it was no longer important for him to stay awake. 

His body had already fully changed.

And ten minutes later, everything stopped.

Near the side of the room, over ten buckets had been filled with everything Shang had thrown up.

Silence.

The people in the room walked over to Shang.

The Dean and Duke Whirlwind tested Shang's vitals and checked on his body.

"Still alive," Duke Whirlwind said with a smile. "He did it!"

"According to theory," the Dean said, "his mind shouldn't have changed. It should have undergone a gradual replacement, and the neurons should still be the same but with different properties."

"Neurons?" Duke Whirlwind asked. "Is this another word you came up with?"

"You can think of it as such," the Dean said. 

Duke Whirlwind didn't know that the Dean was a soul from a different world.

The Mages of this world knew a lot about the mind, but they didn't know about the concept of neurons.

From time to time, the Dean said some words foreign to this world, which confused Duke Whirlwind.

"Everything seems to be in order," the Dean said after some seconds of probing Shang. "Jerald, I think that's everything interesting for today. You probably have other things to do."

Duke Whirlwind, Jerald, nodded. "I should return before people start to become suspicious."

"I will inform you of how things look with the boy later," the Dean said.

"Sounds good. If you need anything, tell me," Duke Whirlwind said. "And George?"

"Yes?" the Dean, George, asked.

"You've written history today," Duke Whirlwind said as he put his hand on the Dean's shoulder.

The Dean only looked at the unconscious Shang.

When he heard Duke Whirlwind's words, he felt strange.

It was almost like this couldn't be true.

20 years of research.

Twenty years of failed experiments and revisions of his procedure.

And now, it had finally succeeded?

He still couldn't believe it.


"But this is only the first step," Duke Whirlwind said. "Next, you need to find a way to make it less painful. After that, you need to find a way for people without a warrior's body to undergo the procedure."

"But today, you've taken your first and hardest step."

"You did well, old friend," Duke Whirlwind said with an encouraging and proud voice.

"You should be proud of yourself, teacher," Soran said from the side with a smile. "You've worked long and hard for this!"

"This will throw the balance of the world into turmoil," Vice-Dean Ranos said from the side. "Even more than your advancement to the True Path Realm."

"Not everyone can claim to have accomplished something like this."

Mattheo didn't say anything.

He was still white in the face from what he had seen.

While everyone was focusing on the Dean, Mattheo was focusing on Shang.

While everyone was praising the Dean's accomplishments, Mattheo was shocked by Shang's accomplishments.

How powerful must his conviction and willpower be to survive something like this?

What kind of monster was Shang?

Did the others not realize what this meant?

What could someone like Shang achieve in the future?

Had none of them realized how absurd it was for Shang to survive something like this?

At this moment, the Magic Circle in Mattheo's mind wrote down everything he knew about Shang in detail.

This could be the most important piece of information Mattheo had ever received in his entire life.

Eventually, everyone but the Dean left the room.

The Dean would wait here to wait until Shang woke up.

Soran had a school to run.

Ranos had a class to teach.

Mattheo had to learn.

Duke Whirlwind had a lot to do.

The Dean was the only one with the time to stay here.

And so, he waited for Shang to wake up.

And he waited.

And waited.

And 20 hours later, his waiting ended.

Shang opened his eyes.

And as he did so, he took in all the foreign sensations.

'I survived.'

