Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 205 Inexperienced

After some seconds, the dog calmed down, and it bared its teeth at Shang again.

BANG!

And it charged him once more.

In the past few seconds, Shang hadn't been able to come up with a great plan. The speed difference was just too massive, and on top of that, the dog could heal itself with its own Affinity.

Shang also charged at the dog as his body began to release an icy mist.

The dog accelerated with its jump again, and Shang pointed back with his left arm.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

BOOOM!

Shang's left arm released a Fire Blast, and Shang shot forward with his full force, but this time, Shang wasn't releasing a slash.

The dog hadn't expected that Shang could also accelerate, which made it miss its bite.

BANG!

Shang's sword stabbed forward, and with all the added power, it managed to bury itself halfway into the dog's chest.

Shang's brows furrowed, and he quickly jumped away again.

BANG!

The dog's teeth clamped down on the location where Shang had just been. After that, it released a blinding light, and its injury had vanished.

'I used my full power in that charge, but I only managed to bury my sword halfway into its torso. For a normal beast, such an injury was severe, but to this dog, it only counts as using a bit of its Mana.'

The dog immediately jumped after Shang, and Shang destroyed his arm by using an Ice Blast.

The dog barely missed.

Shang slashed at the dog.

But the dog jumped to the side!

When Shang saw that, his eyes narrowed.

'It's already adapting. I have to end this fight soon!'

Just when the dog landed, it immediately jumped at Shang again. The speed difference was so massive that Shang hadn't even fully finished his slash before the dog arrived.

BANG!

An explosion came out of Shang's left foot, burning it severely.

However, the dog was too fast, and it managed to clamp down on Shang's other foot.

BANG! BANG!

An explosion of ice quickly followed by an explosion of fire burst out of the dog's mouth.

Shang knew that he couldn't save his right leg, which was why he had released all its power without even thinking about saving it.

The dog lost several teeth, and blood shot out of its mouth.

BOOOM!

Shang loaded his sword with fire and hit the dog's back while it was distracted. As soon as the sword hit the dog's back, it exploded, coating the surroundings in burned skin and blood.

However, the dog's spine was only a bit cracked, and it didn't break.

The difference in physical power was just too much.

The dog yelped and jumped away as light appeared around its body.

A moment later, it was fully healed again.

Meanwhile, Shang landed on his left foot.

This right leg was severed at the calf, and everything up to the thigh was coated in blood and muscle due to the Ice and Fire Blasts.

Shang's remaining life energy went into his left arm and his right leg. It barely managed to heal everything before becoming empty.

Even Shang's Mana was completely used up.

From now on, Shang could only rely on his passive regeneration.

After a second of healing, the two of them charged at each other again.

'It can only attack with its mouth. In comparison to cats, dogs aren't that great at using their claws.'

'That is the only reason why I am still alive right now.'

Both of them accelerated again.

Shang loaded Sword with fire and tried to hit the dog's head.

The dog was trying to bite Shang's torso, but when it saw the approaching sword, its attack changed.

The dog's head angled to the side.

CLING!

And bit down on the sword!

BOOOOOM!

The fire exploded out of the sword, breaking several teeth.

Shang pulled his sword back.

SHING!

Yet, after a brief burst of light, the dog's teeth had reappeared, and it was clamping down on Shang's sword!

Shang's mind went into overdrive.

He couldn't possibly contend with the dog's power!

As long as it had his sword in its mouth, Shang wouldn't be able to use it anymore!

At that moment, Shang's eyes narrowed.

And he let go of his sword.

BANG!

The bottom of Shang's right foot exploded with ice, shooting Shang upward.

BANG!

Shang's right knee hit the dog's jaw, and it exploded with fire.

The dog's head flew upwards, but in exchange, Shang's entire right leg had been decimated.

It had essentially become unusable.

At the same time, Shang's left arm gripped the fur on the dog's face, pulling him along with the head.

BANG!

Shang's right fist hit the dog's skull, and an explosion of ice froze parts of it.

Shang's right fist was full of blisters and burns could be seen all over it.

A fire appeared in Shang's eyes, and he punched with his right arm again.

BOOOOM!

An explosion of fire occurred.

Shang's right arm was turned into ice splinters that shot into the distance.

But the dog's head was also severely injured, and parts of its skull were broken.

Shang's eyes narrowed, and he threw himself onto the dog's neck. The dog was gigantic, and Shang's entire body could fit around its neck.

By now, the dog had dropped Shang's sword, and it was trying to heal its head.

One shouldn't forget that this counted as a weak beast. It had limited offensive capabilities, and it wasn't used to fighting on the frontlines itself.

Because of that, it didn't think about Shang right now but about healing its own injury.

Light Mana appeared around its head, but the Light Mana was quickly absorbed by Shang's left arm.

The dog noticed that it had failed to heal itself, which made it fall into even more of a panic.

Because of that, it tried to heal itself again.

And it failed.

Again.

This time, it succeeded!

Yet, before the dog could think of what to do next, an icy fist hit the back of its neck.

And then, a fist exploding with fire.

The dog's neck had cracked, but it was still usable.

BANG!

And then, another icy fist appeared.

Its entire neck was encased in ice.

And then, another fiery fist.

BOOOOOM!

The dog's neck broke, and it desperately tried to heal itself.

Yet, its Light Mana got absorbed again!

And again!

And then…

It was out of Light Mana!

The dog felt a weight leave its neck, and it tried to move its head with its broken neck, but it just hurt too much.

And then…

It was over.

Shang's sword exploded onto the dog's broken neck, blasting the dog's head from its torso.

When Shang had reached the dog's neck, he had absorbed the Light Mana to heal his right arm and right leg again. Then, after the dog had healed itself, he had destroyed both his arms again with more punches.

After that, Shang absorbed the Light Mana with his legs, healing himself again.

In the end, he jumped down, got his sword, and killed the dog.

The fight was over.

Shang took a deep breath.

And the cheering appeared.