Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 208 Advancing

"Level two: Average Initial General Stage warrior."

Shang didn't look at the two wheels.

He only looked forward with narrowed eyes.

The first wheel stopped at a spear.

Shang waited.

The second wheel stopped at the Lightning Affinity.

After a brief burst of light, Shang's opponent appeared.

It was a woman with silver hair who carried a long spear. She wore an imposing set of armor, and one could see the experience in her eyes.

Shang looked at her closed eyes from a distance.

The jester lifted his hammer and hit the bell.

The woman opened her eyes, and their gazes met.

Then, she assumed a battle-ready stance.

Shang walked over.

The woman narrowed her eyes and charged forward, her spear ready.

The woman was running far faster than Shang walked, and the two of them met very soon.

She unleashed her entire power, her spear shooting towards Shang's chest.

BANG!

Shang's left arm intercepted the spear's strike, the spear piercing through Shang's hand.

Shang took a step forward and pulled his left arm to the side.

Due to the difference in power, the woman was pulled forward, her equilibrium destroyed.

Shang cut through her head vertically, just like with the first opponent.

'My power is more important than your feelings,' Shang repeated in his mind.

His face was neutral and emotionless.

The cheering appeared again.

The corpse vanished, and the two wheels reappeared.

"Level three: Powerful Initial General Stage warrior."

Shang didn't look at the wheels.

The first wheel stopped at the image of a hammer.

The second wheel stopped at the Wind Affinity.

After a brief burst of light, Shang saw his opponent.

It was a man with short green hair. He wore casual clothes, and he leaned on his huge hammer with a peaceful smile.

The jester lifted his hammer and hit the bell.

The warrior opened his eyes and looked into Shang's eyes.

Then, he lifted his hammer and put it over his shoulder.

His free hand pointed forward, and he gestured for Shang to approach with a smile.

Shang walked forward.

After several seconds, Shang was ten meters away from his opponent.

Suddenly, an explosion of wind appeared behind the warrior, and he jumped forward, his hammer seemingly weighing nothing.

Then, he struck down.

But then, the man's eyes widened in shock when he saw Shang's eyes just centimeters in front of his own, a cloud of icy mist on the spot where the hammer had just hit the ground.

Shang's sword struck the warrior's chest.

A Magic Circle appeared in the air, and the warrior was thrown into the distance.

The warrior did a spin in the air and used the momentum to ready his hammer again.

But Shang appeared in front of him just a moment later.

BANG!

Shang separated the man's chest from his abdomen.

The hammer fell to the ground, and the man looked with shock at the horizon, his eyes showing fear, disbelief, and panic.

Shang looked at the man's head.

'My goal is more important than your life.'

A couple of seconds later, the man's eyes lost their light, but his eyes remained open.

The cheering returned, and the man's corpse vanished.

The wheels returned.

"Level four: Weak Early General Stage warrior."

The wheels spun again, but Shang didn't look at them.

The first wheel stopped at the image of a long sword.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The second wheel stopped at the Fire Affinity.

A moment later, Shang's opponent appeared.

It was a man with long, red hair. He wore luxurious clothes, and a happy and confident smile was visible on his face.

The jester lifted his hammer and struck the bell.

The man opened his eyes, and he looked at Shang.

Then, the man's peaceful smile transformed into a smirk, and he lifted his sword.

Then, he slowly began to approach Shang.

Shang also started walking towards him.

After some seconds, the two of them met.

The man lifted his sword in preparation to strike.

But then, he suddenly stepped back to perform a spin. Like this, he would be able to put more power into his attack.

And then, a headless corpse fell to the ground.

When Shang had seen the spin, he had exploded forward with an Ice Blast and had beheaded his opponent.

Shang couldn't see the expression on the man's face since his head was pointing away from him.

The cheering returned, and the corpse began to vanish.

'My power is more important than your life.'

The wheels returned.

Shang didn't look over.

"Level five: Average Early General Stage warrior."

The wheels rapidly spun.

The first one stopped at the image of a spear and shield.

The second one stopped at the Metal Affinity.

Shang didn't look over.

A moment later, Shang's opponent appeared.

It was a woman with grey hair. She had a muscular and serious face.

For some reason, Shang was reminded of Sarah.

His opponent was very similar to her.

The jester lifted his hammer and struck the bell.

The woman opened her eyes, and she looked at Shang with a serious expression.

She put her shield up and readied her spear as she slowly advanced toward Shang.

Shang took out his sword and ran towards her.

This time, he wasn't approaching slowly.

An ice mist was left behind as Shang's body sped up more and more.

Then, Shang jumped.

Shang kicked the shield with his full force.

The woman was pushed back, and her shield was thrown to the side.

But at the same time, she unleashed her spear in a devastating counterattack.

BANG!

Shang's sword hit the spear on the side, pushing it away from him.

And then, Shang let go of his sword.

The woman was falling over, and due to the momentum, Shang was now above her.

She fell to the ground on her back.

BANG!

Shang landed with his knees on her chest.

A Magic Circle appeared, which saved the woman from having her chest caved in.

Shang pulled his right fist back as it began to freeze over.

A look of terror appeared on the woman's face as she looked into Shang's eyes.

BOOOM!

Shang's fist hit her face, and the explosion of fire scattered her head over the surroundings.

For just an instant, the bloody face returned.

Shang hadn't seen it in a long while.

But this time, Shang was not perturbed.

'My power is more important than you.'

The bloody face vanished.

It had had no effect on Shang.

It might as well not have appeared at all.

Shang stood up, and his destroyed fist regenerated.

The cheering returned.

A moment later, the two wheels returned.

"Level six: Powerful Early General Stage warrior."

The wheels began to spin.

And this time, Shang looked over.

The previous opponents had been no issue for Shang, which was why he hadn't even looked at the wheel. Just his experience and power were enough to completely decimate them.

But this time, it was different.

His next opponent would have a body just as powerful as Shang's, and they would also have plenty of combat experience.

The next fight wouldn't be so easy.

The first wheel stopped at the image of a bow.

Shang furrowed his brows.

The second wheel stopped at something on the rarer side of Affinities.

It was the Poison Affinity.