Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 215 Destruction

Shang quickly reached the Mana Shield again.

Shang put his left hand to his sword, and his left hand quickly atrophied.

The Darkness Affinity was the perfect counter against Mages.

Shang's arm quickly healed due to the absorbed life energy he had absorbed from his last opponent.

Then, Shang's sword struck forward.

BZZZT!

Lightning came out of the Mana Shield, and just as before, it struck the sword.

Shang's body began to burn again, but this bit of unconcentrated lightning wasn't that big of a deal.

As the Darkness Mana came into contact with the Lightning Mana, the Lightning Mana became weaker, and Shang's sword advanced.

BANG!

Shang's sword hit the Mana Shield, and it got shot into the distance again.

Shang couldn't see his opponent's expression, but he was certain that his opponent was surprised.

This strike should have eaten up a lot of the Adept's Mana.

Shang quickly charged after the fleeing Mana Shield.

When Shang reached a distance of 20 meters again, he quickly thought of a way to avoid the next two Spells.

It was an impossibility that the Adept would only release one Spell. He had to release two for a good chance of success.

And, in reality, enough time had passed for three Spells to be created.

Two from the Adept and one from his Focus.

'He has three Spells prepared, but I have no idea which ones.'

'The problem is, I can't just stand here and wait. If I wait, he will just create a fourth one followed by a fifth one.'

'I have to go in, no matter what.'

'I have to take a risk!'

'I need him to release his Spells when I want him to release them!'

And then, Shang jumped.Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

His left arm pointed down and unleashed an Ice Blast.

Shang was now several meters in the air, and, sure enough, this was the perfect opportunity for his opponent to unleash a Spell.

A Lightning Bolt Spell left the Mana Shield and shot towards Shang.

BANG!

Shang unleashed a Fire Blast, destroying his left arm.

He barely managed to avoid the Lightning Bolt Spell.

An instant later, Shang's arm healed by consuming all of Shang's Mana.

Any injury from now on wouldn't be healable during the fight.

BANG!

The second Lightning Bolt Spell shot at Shang's new location.

BANG!

Shang shot himself to the side with another Ice Blast, barely avoiding the Spell.

Then, Shang put his burning arm to his Sword, which made the burning arm atrophy into a husk of its former self.

'I can't risk my legs. Without my legs, I can't reach my opponent, and distance is the most important thing when fighting a Mage!'

Shang readied his sword in the sky.

BANG!

Another Lightning Bolt Spell came out of the Mana Shield, but this time, Shang didn't evade.

CRRRK!

Shang threw his sword towards the Mana Shield!

The lightning hit the sword and scattered in all directions.

Shang's sword was powerful enough to withstand such an intense avalanche of lightning.

Some stray bolts hit Shang, but they didn't deal much damage.

The sword buried through the lightning bolt and hit the Mana Shield.

Clink!

However, the force of the lightning bolt had severely weakened its force, and it fell to the ground harmlessly.

Shang pointed his atrophied arm to his back.

BANG!

After a Fire Blast, Shang's atrophied arm turned into dust. It wasn't just destroyed. This time, it was completely gone.

The knockback from the blast also wasn't as powerful since Shang's arm had lost a lot of power before using it, but it was enough to throw him towards the Mana Shield.

Shang stretched his arm towards the Mana Shield while flying towards it.

Clink!

Suddenly, Sword stood up and jumped into Shang's outstretched arm.

Shang felt that the Darkness Mana was still stored inside Sword.

Shang saw that the Mana Shield tried to move away, but the custom-made Spell wasn't made to accelerate quickly.

Shang reached the Mana Shield before it could leave.

And hit it with his sword.

BZZZZZT!

Lightning hit the sword, searing Shang's body again.

BANG!

Shang hit the Mana Shield, throwing it into the distance again.

Shang landed and charged at the Mana Shield again.

And then, a fire appeared in Shang's eyes.

In the distance, the Mana Shield had vanished, and Shang's opponent stepped on the ground again.

His opponent was gritting his teeth in stress, and he was glaring at Shang.

He was nearly out of Mana, and he had to conserve the remaining Mana he had.

Shang saw that the Focus had prepared another Lightning Bolt Spell.

Shang heard the end of his opponent's Spell and knew that this one was also a Lightning Bolt Spell.

However, Shang hadn't been able to hear the first Spell, which meant that it could be any Spell.

'This should be his last offense. After that, he can only rely on his Focus!'

As Shang ran closer, the Mage readied his Focus.

And when the Focus shone, Shang's feet exploded with Ice Mana.

A Lightning Bolt Spell passed just beneath him.

Then, Shang heard the ending words of the first Spell.

Shortly after, a Lightning Net Spell flew towards the flying Shang.

Shang gritted his teeth.

BANG!

Shang's body was drowned by lightning. Several black spots appeared all over his body, and his organs became severely burned.

The pain was intense, but Shang managed to withstand it.

Shang's body became heavily injured, but he was still alive.

Then, Shang heard the ending words of the Lightning Bolt Spell.

Shang's mind had already come up with a plan.

If Shang used his legs to evade to the side, they would become useless. At that point, the Adept could just outrun Shang while bombarding him with his Focus.

Because of that, Shang released a Fire Blast from his legs to shoot at his opponent.

His legs became destroyed and useless.

This would be the last attack.

The Lightning Bolt Spell shot directly towards Shang.

Shang pulled his sword to the side and charged into the Spell headfirst.

BANG!

The Magic Circle of Shang's uniform activated and blocked the Lightning Bolt Spell.

The Adept's face turned into horror.

Shang readied his sword.

And a moment later, Shang arrived like a rocket.

CRACK!

Shang cut off the arm holding the Focus and crashed into the Adept.

Several bones in the Adept's body broke as Shang's heavy body landed on him.

Then, Shang threw his sword to the side, slapped the Focus away with his now free hand, and then put his hand around the Adept's neck.

The Adept tried to punch and kick Shang from his position, but his body was just too weak.

The Adept began screaming in horror as he felt his essence being drained by Shang's right hand.

The body of this Mage wasn't actually that weak. He actually had a body at the Peak Soldier Stage, which was commendable for an Initial Adept.

But because of that, he also had more life energy, which was now helping Shang in recovering a huge part of his wounds.

Some seconds later, the Adept stopped screaming, and his lifeless husk only lay on the ground beneath Shang.

Shang had recovered the usage of his legs and stored the remaining life energy to replenish his Mana.

He would let his passive regeneration deal with his left arm.

Right now, Shang wasn't filled with life energy, but his Mana was fully recovered.

Shang slowly stood up, and the corpse started to vanish.

And at that moment, the cheering returned.

"This wasn't easy."