Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 219 Jester

Shang had just finished his last match.

The long trial was finally over.

After 22 fights, excluding the executions, Shang had finally finished the trial.

But at this moment, Shang didn't even think about the trial.

He only thought about his Affinity.

'Entropy?' Shang thought as his last eye looked at his remaining arm.

Silence.

'What kind of Affinity is this?!'

What did Shang think about when he realized his Affinity?

The power?

The potential?

The uses?

No, Shang was thinking about something else.

Shang had tried to convince himself that all his opponents had to die for his goal.

They all had to die!

Yet, why was Shang even trying to convince himself?

If he truly thought that, he wouldn't need to convince himself.

He would just accept that everyone had to die and would do it.

Why put so much energy into convincing himself?

It was hard to acknowledge, but right now, Shang realized that he hadn't truly believed that sentence.

Otherwise, he wouldn't be feeling as he was feeling right now.

Just mere moments ago, Shang felt like he had a choice.

It had been his choice to act this cruelly towards everyone opposing him.

But now that his choice had been taken away, he felt a feeling of regret.

'How am I supposed to interact with anyone when I am the very antithesis of their existence, their goals, and dreams?'

'Fire can destroy, but it also leaves behind nutrients that plants use. Additionally, we couldn't even survive without the sun.'

'Water and Earth can destroy, but they are the very basis for life.'

'Wind brings movement into the world. Additionally, oxygen is also important for life.'

'Ice? So what if it's cold? There are enough animals that can live in a tundra.'

'All our bodies use lightning to function.'

'Metal? Who doesn't need iron and magnesium for their body?'

'Light is just life, and darkness can also protect.'

'Entropy?'

'What can Entropy do?'

'Entropy is the antithesis of everything we know.'

'In Entropy, nothing is relevant anymore.'

'Without movement, space has become meaningless.'

'Without change, time has become meaningless.'

'Entropy means that there is no life.'

'Entropy means that there is nothing.'

'There is just nothing!'

Shang remained silent as he looked at the ground with his remaining eye.

'What if I become more powerful? What then?'

'Will I start destroying everything around me?'

For a while, Shang wasn't sure what he was thinking about.

He was thinking about something, but he didn't know what he was thinking about.

He only knew that he was thinking.

Maybe he was trying to untangle this web of emotions?

Maybe he was trying to make sense of his situation?

He didn't know.

But, eventually, Shang sighed.

Shang flipped himself over to lay on his back as he held his last arm towards the sun in his world.

Shang only looked at his arm.

This arm couldn't create.

It could only destroy.

'How would my rise to power affect the world around me?'

'I don't know.'

Shang just looked at his arm for a while.

Then, Shang sighed again.

'Maybe I'm overthinking all of this. I don't know.'

'I mean, I can still help others, right?'

'But is that something I want?'

'I think it is? Not sure. I mean, I am thinking about these things right now. If I didn't care, I wouldn't think about these things.'

Silence.

Shang only looked at his hand.

'I don't know.'

"Finally done moping around?"

Shang heard a squeaky noise and barely managed to move his weak body to look at the source.

It was the jester!

The one that always struck the bell with his hammer!

Right now, the jester was standing beside Shang, hammer still in hand.

Even now, it looked like a cheap machine.

"Hey! I put a lot of work into this puppet! Don't call it a cheap machine!" the jester shouted with a snort.

Shang's eye widened in surprise.

He didn't say that.

He only thought-

'Oh. It's him.'

"Sure enough, it's me," the jester said with a wide and creepy grin. "I always had a fond spot for jesters. They're funny."

Shang did his best not to disagree with the God in his thoughts.

"Why are you here?" Shang asked.

"Why can't I be here?" the jester asked with a smirk. "This is my world. I can do whatever I want in it."

Shang remained silent for a bit.

"I noticed," Shang said.

There was a definite implication in the way he said these words.

"Oh, someone's mad," the jester said as he walked around Shang's atrophied body, every step making squeaky noises.

"You're mad that you have to entertain me? Is that it?" the jester asked with a wide grin.

Shang didn't answer.

"So what?" the jester shouted as he loudly laughed. "Then be mad! It won't change reality!"

Shang's jaw tightened, but he didn't even think about disagreeing with the jester.

There was nothing Shang could do.

The God was just like the Storm Eagle.

Warrior's Paradise only existed because the Storm Eagle didn't want to destroy it.

Why did Shang exist?

Why was Shang in this world?

What was Shang's purpose here?

Entertainment.

His entire existence, his entire being, his purpose, his everything only existed for entertainment.

That's it.

If Shang weren't entertaining anymore, all of this would vanish.

Shang's destiny was to dance for the God.

As Shang looked at the jester, only one sentence went through his mind.

'It's like I'm the jester's jester.'Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Ahahahaha!"

The God broke out into laughter.

"The jester's jester," he repeated as he presented his body by hopping from one leg onto the other. "The jester," he said.

Then, he pointed at Shang with his hammer. "The jester's jester."

"I should have called you Chester!" the jester said with a loud laugh.

Shang didn't find it funny.

"Why did you force the name Shang on me?" Shang asked.

The jester only grinned. "It means entropy in Chinese. Well, not entirely. I kind of had to change the pronunciation of the a. Shahng just sounds weird as a name."

Shang remained silent for some seconds.

"That's it?" he asked.

"Why?" the God asked as he bowed around Shang's head to look him in his remaining eye. "Did you expect more?"

Shang remained silent.

The question of why the God had forced the name Shang upon him had been a mystery for a long time.

Why did Shang need a new name?

Shang had thought that there was a greater reason for it.

Maybe there was some significance to his name?

But no.

It was only the God having fun.

"Why Entropy?"

The grin never left the jester's face.

"Because of your last question," he answered.

Shang wanted to ask what his question was, but he stopped himself.

The God wouldn't answer.

At that moment, Shang thought of a different question.

He had been confused about this thing for a long time.

Why not ask the God?

He would know.

"You don't have to ask," the jester said with his grin. "I already know what you want to ask."

"Will you answer?" Shang asked.

The jester's grin became even wider, which hadn't seemed possible just a second ago.

"I already answered that question."

"Why don't you wait until the Commander Stage?"