Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 242 Superior

The soldiers looked with shock at Shang.

Call his superior?

So, Zero truly was framed?

Why else would he call for someone even higher-up in the chain of command?

If Zero were a traitor, he would only make it even harder for himself to escape if a Commander Stage warrior arrived.

The officer on the ground almost couldn't believe what he had heard.

Zero wanted him to call his superior?

At this moment, the officer felt like the world wanted him to survive.

He still hadn't come to terms with the fact that he had lost against an Early General Stage warrior, and now he had to come to terms with the fact that he survived after losing?

This entire situation was just too surreal.

The officer tried his best to move his hand to the Communication Crystal, but it was just out of reach.

Shang lightly kicked it into the officer's free hand with his free foot.

The officer quickly activated the Communication Crystal and held it up in an awkward position.

"Report," came the annoyed voice of the superior.

The officer had trouble formulating words due to the blade buried partially in his neck.

"Hello, sir," Shang said. "This is Zero, one of the soldiers under the sergeant. We require your help and judgment on a matter."

"What? Why are you talking to me? Where's Lance?" the superior asked with surprise and annoyance.

"The sergeant can't talk right now since my sword is partially buried in his neck, sir," Shang said.

Silence.

For several seconds, the superior didn't say anything.

"What do you want?" the superior asked through the Communication Crystal.

"I was framed for treason," Shang said. "The sergeant judged me to be a traitor without an investigation, and, well, you saw how that turned out."

"I would like to request a neutral party to investigate this matter."

For a while, nothing came out of the Communication Crystal.

"I'll be there in ten minutes. Do not, under any circumstances, injure anyone else. Everyone will remain where they are currently standing until this situation is resolved," the superior commanded.

"Understood," Shang said. "We are east of the outpost."

"I know where you are," the annoyed voice of the superior came. "Everyone, stay where you are!"

And with that, the superior hung up.

The officer put his hand down again and let the Communication Crystal fall to the side.

"I… called him," he said with a lot of difficulty. "Can you… please… move?"

"And give you an opportunity to attack me again without underestimating my strength?" Shang asked with a snort. "No chance. You heard your superior. Everyone will wait exactly where we currently are."

The officer wanted to grit his teeth, but that only caused him more pain.

Shang looked over at the masked One. "You didn't think it would end like this when you killed Two, did you?" he asked.

One didn't say anything.

Shang knew that One was a traitor, and One knew that Shang knew that.

So, how did One feel at this moment?

Extremely nervous.

But not for the reason one might believe.

In fact, shouldn't One be excited deep inside? After all, the superior of the officer was also a traitor, right? Shang was essentially digging his own grave with this action.

Sadly, that was just it.

One remembered the conversation he had with Shang about half a day ago.

One and Shang had talked about the fact that the superior of the officer might also be a traitor.

So, obviously, Shang knew that.

But then, why was he calling him?

It made no sense!

One refused to believe that Shang didn't suspect the superior to be a traitor. ​

But if he were a traitor, wasn't Shang essentially committing suicide by calling him?

A less experienced person than One would think Shang to be stupid, but One didn't believe Shang to be stupid.

'Zero must have some assurance with dealing with a traitorous Commander Stage warrior. I refuse to believe that he's throwing his life away!' One thought.

For the next minute, nobody moved, and the soldiers only looked at each other with confused expressions.

They had no idea who was a traitor and who wasn't.

BANG!

Suddenly, the ground below One exploded, and he charged towards the north.

The other soldiers looked with shock at his rapidly retreating figure.

Shang only snorted. "Quite smart. I can't leave from this spot," he said.

"Believe me now?" Shang asked.

A second later, the soldiers recovered from their shock.

"Catch him!" one of them shouted.

After that, four soldiers charged after One with the intention of capturing him.

The others remained at their positions, but their expressions had become less guarded against Shang.

The innocent didn't fear investigations, while the guilty ones did.

It was clear to them who the traitor was.

By now, the soldiers had calmed down, and they were talking with each other again. Most of them were talking about the fact that their officer and One had been traitors.

In their mind, the officer's and One's guilt had already been proven by One's sudden retreat.

Ten minutes after the superior had been contacted, someone new arrived at the hill.

It was that one Commander Stage warrior they had met before they went to the outpost, the leader of the closest town.

The soldiers all saluted while Shang looked at the superior with a hidden sneer.

'He came alone,' Shang thought. 'Which sane high-ranking officer would come to such a situation without any backup?'

This could have been a ploy to lure the superior out of the protection of his town. Nobody in the superior's position would go to such a meeting alone.

Unless they intended to hide the evidence and deal with the witnesses.

The superior's cold eyes inspected the surroundings and stopped when they saw Shang.

It was clear who had been the one speaking to him on the Communication Crystal.

At that moment, something appeared in Shang's hand, and he showed it to the distant superior.

Everyone looked over, and their eyes opened in shock.

It was an emblem with two green wings on it.

Some of the soldiers knew what this meant, and their last doubts vanished.

This was one of Duke Whirlwind's personal emblems, and it was proof that the owner of the emblem was a personal friend of the Duke.Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Someone like that couldn't be a traitor!

The superior's eyes widened in shock for a second, but they returned to their previous cold very quickly.

"I need to check if it is real," the superior said coldly as he extended his hand towards the distant Shang. "There are a lot of fakes."

Shang only smirked behind his mask.

"Here you go," he said as he threw it over.

The superior caught it and looked at it for a while, his fingers caressing the design on the emblem.

He inspected it for over five seconds, just looking at it with an entranced expression.

"It's real, right?" Shang asked with a smirk.

The superior glanced at Shang.

Then, he put the emblem into his Space Ring.

"Why are you asking such a stupid question?" the superior asked.

"It's obviously fake."

The soldiers looked with shock at the superior.

"Even if we ignore this entire situation," the superior said, gesturing to the officer beneath Shang's blade, "faking such an emblem is already a crime worthy of death."

Then, the superior took out a long sword.

"I will carry out the sentence right now."

At that moment, the sheer power of the Commander Stage warrior filled the surroundings, and the soldiers found it difficult to breathe.

Shang only smirked.