Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 287 - Black Gleam

The Wind Adept unleashed several small cuts of wind that flew at Shang. This Spell was called Wind Net, and it was made to counter fast beasts.

Shang wouldn't be able to evade the Spell since its size was simply too large.

CRRRRR!

Shang put his huge sword between him and the Spell. Luckily, Sword was hard enough to resist such a weak Spell. However, Sword also wasn't big enough to block the entirety of the Spell, and parts of the cutting wind hit the sides of Shang's body.

At that moment, several Magic Circles appeared around Shang, and the wind blades were being diverted with loud sounds of grinding. It was almost like a buzzsaw hit a diagonal wall of metal.

But that was it. Shang's armor glowed black, but it remained undamaged.

The Wind Adept looked with shock at the uninjured Shang.

'What is this armor?!'

This armor was the little present Duke Whirlwind had promised Shang when they had gone to King Skythunder about two years ago.

Not only could it block the killing blow of an Initial True Mage's Spell once, but it also had several other abilities, and one of them was to redirect force.

This also explained why Shang's armor looked so similar to the Dean's armor. Both of them had received their sets of armor from Duke Whirlwind.

The wind pushed Shang back a bit, but he quickly unleashed another Ice Blast to fly towards the Wind Adept.

The Wind Adept was nearly completely out of Mana, which meant that he had either had no Mana Shield or a very weak one.

In comparison to him, the Ice Adept had far more Mana, making it more difficult to kill her.

SSSHHH!

Suddenly, a huge blizzard appeared between Shang and the Wind Adept.

'The Blizzard Spell!' Shang thought with narrowed eyes.

The Blizzard Spell created an extremely dangerous territory of absolute cold. It cost a lot of Mana, but it could freeze someone's entire body in the blink of an eye.

Due to the control over Mana warriors and Mages had, creating a Blizzard Spell below their feet was basically impossible. Any interference on the opponent's part would ruin the entire thing.

Because of that, the Blizzard Spell could only be created at least a couple of meters away from the opponent.

But in exchange, it was extremely deadly.

Even a beast's body would be frozen if it jumped through the blizzard.

When the Wind Adept saw the blizzard, he quickly readied his next Spell.

At the same time, the Ice Adept readied a gigantic icicle, which pointed at Shang.

And then, she threw the icicle just a bit behind Shang.

She had noticed that Shang could move in the air, and the only way out of this situation was to retreat to the back.

And then…

Shang entered the blizzard!

The Ice Adept's eyes widened in shock.

Was he suicidal?!

The Wind Adept didn't see it since he was on the other side of the blizzard, and he kept concentrating on his Spell.

WHOOOM!

As soon as Shang entered the blizzard, it became more and more chaotic.

It was almost like something inside of it was affecting it.

BANG!

And half a second later, the blizzard dissipated into the surroundings.

At that moment, time seemingly froze.

A snow-white sword was in Shang's hands, and it was filled to the brim with Ice Mana.

Had Shang absorbed the blizzard?

No.

The blizzard was filled with the Ice Adept's will, and Shang couldn't absorb something like that.

When Shang entered the blizzard, he had put his left hand on his sword.

And then, he infused it with Ice Mana.

Shang's entire body heated up rapidly, but the extreme cold around him kept cooling him.

It was an extremely dangerous balancing act, but Shang had had several years of training on how to manage his own temperature. A normal person couldn't pull something like this off, but someone that had to juggle his own temperatures daily had the skill to do it.

Eventually, the blizzard's Ice Mana had been used up. After all, it couldn't cool everything infinitely, and Shang had exhausted it.

And in exchange, Shang's sword had been filled to the absolute brim with Ice Mana.

The Wind Adept looked with shock at Shang, who was only a couple of meters in front of him.

Shang lifted his sword.

SHING!

Suddenly, the Wind Adept disappeared as he spoke a short word very quickly.

The Wind Adept appeared around 100 meters away and collapsed to his knees, clutching his head.

He had just overdraft his Mana by unleashing a Mana Step. Even his Focus fell to the ground beside him since the Wind Adept didn't even have the basic Mana to keep it active.

BOOOM!

The Wind Adept heard the distant explosion of a large amount of Ice Mana hitting something, and his heart nearly stopped.

He had nearly died just now!

Fuck this mission!

The Wind Adept quickly turned to the Ice Adept. "We have to- "

But he stopped as his eyes widened in shock.

The Ice Adept was enclosed in a huge cube of ice!

What?!

Well, Shang hadn't intended to use that attack on the Wind Adept, to begin with. While fighting against a group, the best thing to do was to suddenly change one's target to surprise them.

The Ice Adept had been ready to attack Shang, but when the wave of Ice Mana suddenly flew towards her, she couldn't even react.

Luckily, her Mana Shield held, and she managed to survive.

Yet, there was a thick sheet of ice surrounding her, and she would need to get out of it before rejoining the fight.

The Wind Adept saw this, and he quickly glanced at Shang, who was still around 80 meters away.

'Fuck that!' the Wind Adept thought.

Then, the Wind Adept quickly took out a talisman.

This was a Wind Explosion Talisman, and, as the name suggested, it created a gigantic explosion of wind. It pushed everything around it over a hundred meters away.

It was a very expensive tool for escaping.

The Wind Adept had seen Shang's speed, and he knew that Shang wouldn't be even nearly fast enough to reach him.

Shang would need to travel 80 meters in less than 0.5 seconds.

Only the absolute fastest Peak Commander Stage warriors could achieve something like that.

When Shang saw the emblem, a small smirk appeared on his face.

"Ishah!"

SHING!

The eyes of the Wind Adept widened in disbelief.

From her frozen tomb, the Ice Adept looked at what had happened in absolute horror.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Time seemingly froze.

What had she just seen?!

Between where Shang had just been, and the Wind Adept appeared a long crevice in the ground, almost like something big had been dragged through it!

A black gleam sparkled around the Wind Adept's body, showing that something big and black had just passed him.

And past the Wind Adept stood Shang, his Sword positioned like it was at the end of a swing.

BOOM!

Snow and wind exploded out from the crevice, and the Wind Adept's body blew apart into several pieces.

At that moment, the Ice Adept realized what had happened with terror.

'He used Mana Step!'