Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 303 - Trouble

"General, a Protection Beast in Area 23 is attacking a Pylon!"

A young man in golden armor was standing opposite a young woman with blonde hair, wearing ostentatious purple robes.

The woman frowned with annoyance. "Has the outer layer been breached?"

"Yes, the particular Protection Beast is in the Mid Ancestral Realm!" the man reported.

"I'll deal with it," she said.

SHING!

An instant later, a radiant suit of silver armor with silver wings appeared on her person.

SHING!

And the woman vanished via teleportation.

An instant later, she appeared in front of a silver portal and looked at it for a moment.

The portal suddenly deactivated and activated again, and she stepped through it.

Just after stepping through the portal in the middle of the room at the bottom of the Pylon, she extended her senses and took note of the situation.

BOOOOM!

A gigantic green bird had completely destroyed the outer layer, and it was currently trying its best to get through the inner layer.

The Abomination inside the Pylon had already activated its unique Domain, but the gigantic green bird didn't care about it. The Domain was far too weak to injure it.

SHING!

The woman vanished and reappeared between the Pylon and the green bird.

BANG!

One of the bird's talons tried to attack the black wall, but it was halted in the air. It was almost like the talon had hit an immovable, invisible wall.

At that moment, the woman's senses stretched over a ridiculous distance, and the entire Skythunder Kingdom appeared in her mind.

She took special note of the area she was currently in.

She looked at Warrior's Paradise, and she analyzed all the beasts in the Storm Eagle Zone.

All of this took less than a second.

'It's doing quite a good job,' she thought. 'It only followed its instincts and did its job. Killing it would be a waste, and its replacement will probably do a worse job.'

'But some punishment is still in order.'

The woman extended one of her gloved hands to the bird and waved it to the side.

BOOOOOM!

An invisible wall hit the Storm Eagle and threw it into the distance.

Several of its bones broke, and blood was flowing out of its mouth.

The humans in Warrior's Paradise watched this spectacle, filled with disbelief.

What was going on?!

BOOOOM!

The Storm Eagle landed over twenty kilometers away inside the Canyon and rolled several times on the ground, destroying a large number of Eternal Spires.

For a moment, the world turned silent.

This was the most shocking thing the present humans had ever witnessed.

The Storm Eagle had been thrown into the distance by something. None of them had seen what kind of being had thrown the Storm Eagle away.

The Storm Eagle quickly tried to stand up in a panic, but it was in severe pain.

At that moment, a message it could understand entered its mind.

It saw the very thing it had just been attacking, and with that image came a feeling of rejection.

The Storm Eagle understood that it wasn't allowed to attack these black things, and it lowered its head in submission.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

It knew that whatever had hit it was far beyond its power.

However, it also knew that it wouldn't die today. After all, the thing that had attacked it could have killed it just now.

The silver-haired woman looked over at the distant Storm Eagle and nodded in satisfaction.

'That should stop it from doing that again,' the woman thought.

.

'And now, time to see what the local supervisor is doing. They better have a very good reason for letting things get out of hand.'

Her mind stretched further, going far beyond the Skythunder Kingdom.

Eventually, she saw a huge black castle inside a deep cave.

There was only one single person inside that castle.

It was an old man with silver hair, and he was currently sitting in the middle of a gigantic Magic Circle that gathered a ridiculous amount of Mana around him.

'He dares to go into closed-door meditation during his shift?!' the woman thought with rage.

Usually, it was the job of these people to overlook everything. They were supposed to keep watch over all the Protection Beasts inside the Areas. It was his job to deal with these things before they reached this point!

At that moment, the old man opened his eyes wide, and terror appeared on his face.

"No, I'm sorry! I didn't-"

SHING!

The man suddenly vanished and reappeared tens of thousands of kilometers away.

His face turned white with fear because he knew what this meant.

"Your services are no longer required," the old man heard in his mind. "Your performance review will be handed to recruiting."

The old man's body shook in horror and shock.

"Can I still join the Lightning Manor?" he asked with his last optimism.

"That is for recruiting to decide, but I wouldn't keep my hopes up," the young woman answered.

Before the old man could protest, the connection was cut, and he was left alone.

After that, the woman went back to the Pylon, which was now visible from the surface. The Storm Eagle had dug a gigantic hole in the ground.

As soon as she arrived, the Abomination's Domain activated again, and it was trying to kill her.

The woman frowned and snipped her fingers at the Pylon.

BOOOM!

The Pylon shook as something hit its walls.

The Domain vanished.

After that, she looked at the destroyed outer layer of the Pylon with a frown. 'That bird sure did a number on this one.'

Her fingers weaved in the air a couple of times, and all the rubble began to float in the air suddenly.

In just a couple of seconds, all the different parts went back to their original place and fused together.

Merely half a minute later, the gigantic black building had been completely repaired, including the hole Shang had made.

Now, the woman was between the first and second layers.

WHOOOSH!

In an instant, all the Mana between the first and second layers got absorbed by her, leaving everything devoid of Mana inside the building.

She looked once more over the entire building and nodded in satisfaction.

SHING!

She vanished from her position and reappeared in front of the portal at the bottom.

She wanted to step through it, but she stopped suddenly.

'Who knows how much the previous supervisor let things deteriorate? Obviously, something has broken through the outer layer somehow. This stuff happens from time to time, but I should still check, just to be safe.'

She turned to the portal and used her Magic to change it.

A second later, she stepped through.

As she arrived at the next Pylon, her mind stretched over everything inside it.

'Looks good,' she thought.

Then, her mind stretched out of the Pylon and into the surroundings.

'Bottom of the ocean. I doubt any beast would be interested in digging several kilometers down at this place.'

Seeing that nothing was wrong, she changed the portal again and went through.

She did this a couple of times, never staying in one spot for more than two seconds.

But when she got to the last one, her eyebrows rose in surprise.

There was a young man standing in front of the portal.