Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 304 - Punishment

Shang had just left the portal in terror.

'I really screwed up this time! The Storm Eagle probably won't rest until that Abomination inside the black building is destroyed!'

'What if the portal gets buried under mountains of rubble? What if it gets destroyed?! How am I supposed to get back?!'

Right now, Shang was in an area completely without Mana, and if he got stuck here, he would die!

However, if he went back, the roof might collapse above him. Sure, he could deal with some stones falling on him, but the Entropy Ore was insanely heavy and hard! If a big piece of Entropy Ore fell on him, he would be crushed!

Even worse, what if the Storm Eagle managed to break through the black building, free the Abomination, and then die to it?! Obviously, this Abomination was far more powerful than the normal ones.

And then, something terrifying happened.

The portal vanished!

Just mere moments ago, the silver glow of the portal had illuminated the room, but now, it was pitch black!

At this moment, absolute terror gripped Shang.

He had no idea where he was, and the only way to get out was to create another hole.

But what if this building was also buried in the ground?! The other one, at least, had the Caves snaking around it, but this one might not.

Shang's mind fell into a panic.

What was he supposed to do?!

What had happened to the Storm Eagle Zone?!

But then, the portal suddenly reappeared, and Shang felt like he had been saved.

Yet, just one second later, someone stepped through the portal, and Shang felt like his heart had stopped.

It was a silver-haired woman wearing a foreign set of armor. He had never seen anyone wear this kind of armor before.

Even more, the fact that she had arrived here and that she could control the portals meant that she was probably connected to this strange black building.

Right now, Shang felt like a thief looking into the eyes of the house's owner.

As soon as the woman saw him, she furrowed her brows.

Shang only looked at her, frozen in shock.

"Who are you?" the woman asked with furrowed brows. "Why are you here? Don't you know that this Pylon is under the jurisdiction of the Lightning Emperor?"

'Pylon?' Shang thought. 'Does she mean this black building?'

"I walked through the portal," Shang said.

The woman frowned, and Shang got even more nervous.

"Why and from where?" she asked.

"The Storm Eagle Zone," Shang said.

The green bird shot through the young woman's mind.

"Why did you walk through the portal?" she asked.

"I didn't want to get killed, and this was the safest way to escape," he answered.

The woman crossed her arms and frowned.

She thought back to the place with the big green bird. There had been a couple of caves there.

In her mind, the image of this young man falling into the destroyed Pylon appeared.

"What is this place?" Shang asked, pulling the woman out of her thoughts.

Her eyes narrowed. "This has nothing to do with you," she said with a strict voice.

"Sorry," Shang said quietly.

In her mind, Shang was only some young kid. He was in the Second Realm, and he wasn't even a Mage.

If any of the other Emperors tried to mess with their Pylons, they wouldn't have sent this guy.

'Anyone that enters the Pylons is deserving of death,' she thought as she looked at Shang.

'However, he obviously didn't do it on purpose. He's only a victim of circumstance.'

It was a bit difficult for her to make a decision.

The rules said that she should kill him, but she also thought that killing him was unjust.

After some seconds, she made her decision.

"Your home is about 2,000 kilometers to the southeast," she said.

'That's definitely outside the Skythunder Kingdom,' Shang thought.

"The rules state that I should kill you for entering the Pylon, but I don't think that would be fair. It's not your fault that the supervisor didn't look over his Area properly," she stated.

'Supervisor?' Shang thought in confusion.

"However, for breaking the rules, punishment is still a necessity."

"And your punishment is to get back home on your own."

At that moment, Shang's eyes widened in shock.

The woman pointed at Shang.

"Wait-"

SHING!

Before Shang could say more, he vanished.

'Dumped into foreign territory,' the woman thought. 'That should be punishment enough.'

After getting rid of the kid, she focused on the Pylon and the surroundings. 'Everything seems to be in order.'

She turned around and stepped through the portal again, and as soon as she left, the portal deactivated again.

SHING!

Shang had just been inside the black building, but now, he was suddenly somewhere else.

For a while, Shang could barely believe what he had just experienced.

'Was that teleportation?' he thought in shock.

'How powerful does someone have to be to teleport someone else with a mere wave of their finger?!'

'What happened to the Storm Eagle?! What happened to the Abomination?!'

Shang looked around and noticed that he was in the wilderness.

There were no apparent threats.

So, he took out his Communication Crystal and checked if he could reach the Dean.

Sure enough, the connection was still there.

Shang called the Dean, but this time, it took over ten seconds for him to pick up.

And as soon as he did, a flurry of words assaulted Shang.

"You!" the Dean shouted immediately. "I can feel where you are! Grandmountain Kingdom! Run! Hide! Destroy Crystal! Don't try to contact us again!"

Shang looked in shock at the Communication Crystal.

"What?" he asked.

"Crystal! Bugged Connection! No Firewall! Man in the Middle! Trojan! Hacking! Tracking! Run!"

The Dean shouted these words with rapid speed.

And then, the connection was cut.

Shang was shocked by the words the Dean had said, but some seconds later, he realized what the Dean was trying to tell him.

The Dean had not called Shang by his name, and he had not given him any chance to talk.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Then, he had shouted foreign words to this world.

Only someone coming from Earth would know what these words meant.

'Others can hear our conversation, and they can track my location!' Shang realized in terror.

Shang knew that the Grandmountain Kingdom and the Skythunder Kingdom were at war.

And if they just intercepted a conversation between someone from their Kingdom and someone from the Skythunder Kingdom, and if that person was not a diplomat…

CRACK!

Shang immediately destroyed the Communication Crystal and put the shards into his inner world.

And then, he ran in a random direction.