Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 327 – Force

Shang stepped forward from behind the Mage.

The barbarians didn't look at Shang and only focused on the distant enemy.

Shang didn't look any different except for two things.

His Sword wasn't there, and he had a new ring on his finger.

Yes, the Mages had given him a Space Ring for the mission. If Shang did well, he could even keep it, giving him an excuse to finally use his inner world again.

Right now, Sword was in Shang's inner world.

Shang slowly stepped past the Mages and barbarians until he was at the very front.

An army of barbarians and Mages stood behind Shang while an impenetrable fortress was on the horizon.

Shang cracked his neck, took a deep breath, and closed his remaining eye.

Two seconds later, Shang's eye opened.

BOOOOM!

Shang exploded forward with all his power, leaving a small crater behind.

The army didn't move.

In the distance, the Summoners and Mages on the castle looked with confusion at their enemy.

There was a lone barbarian charging at them.

They weren't sure what they should think of that.

Even the strongest barbarian in the world would be turned into dust before even reaching the halfway point.

Was he a messenger or diplomat?

No, he didn't wear the universal signs of one.

Then, what was he doing?

Was he defecting?

But then, the Mages behind him would directly kill him.

Shang reached his top speed quite quickly.

With just his body, Shang reached the speed of an Initial Champion Stage barbarian, which was quite fast. In fact, Shang was running at around 180 kph.

However, in front of an army of powerful True Mages, that speed wasn't anything special.

"Kill him," the general ordered.

A Mage near him took out his Focus with two Amplifiers and readied a Spell.

This was a Late True Mage, and one Spell of his could decimate Shang from several kilometers away.

A bit later, an intense fireball had been readied.

From a distance, Shang could see the fireball and got reminded of his first Day of Chaos.

The Mages of Warrior's Paradise had completely annihilated the surrounding beasts with that Spell.

The Mage unleashed the fireball, which shot towards Shang at blinding speeds.

Even if he stepped to the side right now, he would still be hit by the explosion, which would injure him severely.

'Let's go!' Shang thought to himself.

At the same time, Shang's body was nearly shrouded in a thick cloud of Elemental Mana.

There was Wind Mana, Metal Mana, Fire Mana, Earth Mana, Water Mana, and Lightning Mana.

Shang's body began to bulge and turn red under the severe stress of all the Mana, but he could handle it.

And then…

BOOOOOOM!

Two explosions.

The fiery explosion from the fireball turned the surrounding ten meters into a hellscape, but it was the smaller of the two explosions.

Shortly before the fiery explosion appeared, the ground below Shang exploded.

The ground for over thirty meters in radius had been lowered by several meters. It was almost like a giant had stepped on this place!

However, no giant had set foot in this place.

No, this was the explosive force of Shang accelerating!

The Wind Cancelation Spell moved the air out of Shang's path.

The Blessing of Wind increased Shang's Speed.Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Earth's Power increased Shang's strength by several levels.

Metal's Resistance gave Shang more resistance, allowing him to not collapse under the Spells.

Lightning's Speed increased Shang's speed even more.

Blessing of the Flowing Water increased Shang's thinking speed.

This was the special mission.

The Mages needed a barbarian that could hold out under so many amplifying Spells while still being able to control their body.

And right now, Shang's speed…

It was unimaginable!

From a lonely running barbarian, Shang had transformed into a lightning bolt of different Elemental Mana, carving a long crevice into the land.

In the short moment in which the enemies had been shocked, Shang had already traversed nearly a full kilometer.

When the explosion occurred, Shang had already gained a distance of about 300 meters!

"Kill him!" the general shouted.

The surrounding Mages all readied their Foci and channeled several Spells.

Over 20 True Mages were currently targeting Shang with their Spells.

In the distance behind Shang, the Mages were looking at Shang with narrowed eyes.

Everything hinged on this!

A moment later, a storm of Spells shot at Shang.

BOOOM! BOOOM! BOOOM! BOOOM!

The Plague Rat Zone was turned into a chaotic hellscape of destructive Elemental Mana.

Everything around Shang was being torn apart by the violent power of the Mages.

Yet, the colorful lightning bolt symbolizing Shang was zigzagging like a real lightning bolt, and he was evading all the dangerous spots!

"Carpet!" the general shouted.

The Mages quickly synchronized with each other and chose a place.

And then, they unleashed another wave of Spells, effectively creating a gigantic wall of deadly Mana.

Shang would need to stop if he wanted to pass, which would ruin his momentum and would make it far harder to recover.

BOOOOOOOOM!

Everything in front of Shang turned into a violent wall of explosions.

And then, Shang broke through the wall of explosions while holding a gigantic sword in front of him, which protected him from the incredible power!

Shang hadn't slowed down.

"Kill him!" the general shouted again.

He didn't like where this was going.

The Grandmountain Kingdom had something planned, and he didn't like it when his enemy had something planned!

The Mages synchronized again and decided to perform Synchrocasting, an ability allowing them to cast the same Spell.

This was the same Spell the Mages in Warrior's Paradise during the first Day of Chaos had performed in order to kill the Exploding Mountain Turtle.

Shang advanced further.

Five seconds later, he was only three kilometers away from the castle and its huge, black shield.

And then, the Spell was finished.

A black fireball, nearly ten meters in diameter, hovered above the Mages.

This Spell had the power to severely injure or even kill an Initial True Path Stage beast.

And then, the Mages unleashed the Spell.

The black fireball shot towards Shang.

And moments later, it exploded.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

It was like a nuke had gone off.

Over 100 meters of the surroundings were turned into absolute nothingness as the violent explosion raged.

And Shang?

He hadn't been fully hit.

Shang had stabbed his sword into the ground and had let go.

Then, he lifted his left leg high in the air, his right foot leaving a gigantic crevice behind.

The power of the explosion still hit Shang, but since he had fully stopped, he wasn't in its immediate vicinity.

Luckily, Shang also had protective Spells on him, allowing him to survive the distant power of the explosion.

Shang slid in a very awkward and unique position forward. His left leg was raised high while his entire body was leaning back.

The explosion quickly vanished, and the enemies could see Shang again.

His awkward pose surprised them, but they managed to stop him.

Whatever the enemy had planned, without that barbarian getting close to them, it wouldn't work.

However, the Summoners and Mages didn't see the danger they were in.

If there were a warrior or even a barbarian amongst them, they would be able to guess what Shang was about to do.

But the Mages and Summoners didn't.

Knowing what was about to happen might have saved them today.

One leg lifted high, and the body bent backward.

Why did that pose feel familiar?

As Shang stopped, it felt like time froze.

It was like all the power of Shang's charge had vanished.

It was like it had never existed.

Yet, beneath Shang's clothing, blood came out of his right arm.

It could barely resist this tremendous force.

SHING!

And at that moment, something appeared in Shang's right hand.

It was a thin, long, sharp, and black spear.

And then, Shang finally moved.

His raised leg violently moved down, destroying the ground beneath it.

Shang's upper body shot forward, his clothes tearing under the sheer force.

And lastly, the arm with the spear moved forward.

"RAAAAAH!" Shang shouted.

And Shang let go of the spear.

BOOOOOOOOM!

An explosion of wind tore the surroundings apart as the full power of Shang's charge was transferred to the spear throw.

Shang himself was thrown back tens of meters by the sheer force he had just unleashed.

And the black spear seemingly vanished into thin air.

A huge explosion and it was just gone.

The Mages looked in confusion at Shang.

What had he just done?

One of the Mages turned to the general to ask a question, but when he saw the general, he froze in shock.

The general's head had vanished!