Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 333 – Abominations Everywhere

Shang could barely believe what was happening right now.

Several Abominations were appearing all over the Plague Rat Zone just after he had reached the Commander Stage.

He was certain that this couldn’t be a coincidence.

‘Have I summoned them?’ he thought in shock.

He had thought about a way to summon them, but he hadn’t expected that he could actually do that. Additionally, Shang had summoned multiple.

For just a moment, Shang and the Abomination looked at each other.

Shang didn’t feel any kind of anger or enmity coming from the Abomination.

It felt more like it came here to help him.

BOOOM!

Shang felt the ground quake.

Fighting had broken out!

‘No time to hesitate! It already happened! Might as well take advantage of it!’

Shang extended his hand toward the Abomination. When he extended his hand, the Abomination walked closer of its own free will, extending one of its claws.

Their hands touched, and Shang felt something push into his hand.

Power entered Shang’s left hand, traveling through his arm and into his torso.

Shang’s eyes widened in realization, and he immediately threw all of his own Mana outside, filling the cave with Mana.

The Abomination became smaller and smaller as time passed until it eventually completely vanished into Shang’s left arm.

At that time, Shang’s entire body began to bulge.

BOOOM! BOOOM!

Shang released a powerful Ice Blast followed by a Fire Blast, severely injuring his entire body.

His body stopped ballooning as all the power inside his body was being used up to heal it.

BOOM! BOOM!

Shang released another two blasts, and more of the power inside his body vanished.

‘My power is soaring!’ Shang thought excitement.

Earlier, Shang’s power had been 85% as powerful as a Peak General Stage beasts.

After the breakthrough, his power had grown, but his relative power in comparison to beasts had sunken. After all, if Shang’s body remained as powerful as an equal beast after a breakthrough, there would be no sense in strengthening his body any further.

Because of that, his power had dropped from 85% to about 60%. The only difference was that Shang was not 60% as powerful as a Peak General Stage beast but 60% as powerful as an Initial Commander Stage beast. That was still far more powerful.

But now, by absorbing the Abomination, Shang’s power had climbed to 70% of an Initial Commander Stage beast again.

This was only one round of strengthening!

A couple of seconds later, Shang absorbed every spec of power from the Abomination.

BANG!

Shang jumped out of the hole he had dug with his Domain of Entropy and quickly charged out of the cave.

‘I can’t remain here!’

As soon as Shang came out of the cave, he could see the Plague Rat Zone.

BOOM! BOOM!

The black castle was gone!

All the black stones had vanished, leaving behind a crater!

However, most of the Mages were still alive, and they were currently fighting several Soldier and General Stage Abominations.

But the situation was even worse in the east.

BANG! BANG!

Shang heard and felt terrifying waves of power coming from the east.

Most of the Abominations had arrived near the east, and there were several Commander Stage Abominations among them.

The Mages could kill a Commander Stage Abomination as long as it didn’t convert its existence into Entropy. The Domain of Entropy was scary, but it was not so powerful that it couldn’t be overcome by someone at the same level.

The scary thing about the Abominations had always been their ability to convert their existence into pure destruction.

If a group of Mages decided to fight with a Commander Stage Abomination, it might decide to blow itself up, taking out hundreds of meters of its surroundings and killing everything.

Right now, Shang could feel the Commander Stage Abominations blow themselves up one after the other, which was not normal. Commander Stage Abominations could destroy their surroundings without needing to sacrifice their bodies.

They only converted their existences to destruction if something attacked them that they couldn’t defeat, and Shang knew exactly what was attacking them.

The Plague Rat!

Terrifying and gigantic streaks of black appeared in an instant and vanished just as quickly, which was followed by a terrifying and gigantic explosion.

‘If I stay here, the Plague Rat will definitely kill me! I can tell just by its name that it’s not as friendly as the Thunder Horse.’

BANG!

Shang used a Fire Blast to accelerate towards the northeast.

It was time for him to escape!

Shang’s speed had increased by a terrifying amount after reaching the Initial Commander Stage. He didn’t know how fast he was going right now, but he guessed that it was around 250 kph.Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Sadly, Shang didn’t have the time to think about his newfound speed.

The explosions from the east intensified as they came closer to Shang, and he heard more frequent explosions from the west.

However, he also heard a couple of explosions coming from the north, but they were not as numerous.

After a couple of minutes, Shang was close to the border of the next Zone, but of course, there were guards there.

As Shang ran over a hill, he saw a long coastline with two towers standing at the shore. The towers were about five kilometers away from each other, but that was still within their range.

Right now, a couple of Spells were being flung out of the towers by True Mages. Each tower had two True Mages in them. They were responsible for defending the border and sending a signal if the Blackshadow Kingdom tried to attack them.

However, the force stationed on this border wasn’t nearly as strong as the forces stationed near the other borders.

The Zone to the northeast of the Plague Rat Zone was the Tide Serpent Zone.

It was basically a lake over a hundred kilometers wide.

Traveling across the lake was extremely dangerous, and the two Kingdoms avoided entering it as much as possible.

Powerful beasts could attack the Mages from directly below them if they tried to cross it, which made fighting very difficult.

However, this lake was the perfect escape route for Shang. While Mages had huge problems fighting above or underwater, Shang didn’t have it as difficult. He was very mobile, and his mobility was just as useful underwater. Sure, he would be slower due to the higher resistance, and he wouldn’t see as much with the strong prevalence of Water Mana, but he could still deal with these weaknesses.

On top of that, the forces stationed at the Tide Serpent Zones border in the Blackshadow Kingdom also weren’t the most powerful.

This would give Shang an opportunity to enter the Blackshadow Kingdom.

Shang’s gaze wandered over the two towers as they dealt with the Abominations. Luckily, the Abominations were not very close to the towers, and the Mages dealt with them before they could get close.

Dealing with the Abominations wouldn’t be difficult for the two towers.

When Shang saw that, a cold light appeared in his right eye.

‘I don’t want them to know that I have fled. Sure, they probably won’t follow me, but it’s important to be careful.’

After making his decision, Shang charged towards the tower on his left as he lifted the emblem he had gotten from Researcher Veral.