Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 343 – Relentless Attacks

BANG!

Shang released one of many Ice Blasts and reached the Ice King.

The Ice King still kept looking at Shang with its arrogant eyes.

And when Shang reached the Ice King, it slowly lifted one of its legs and stamped down.

BOOOOOM!

An explosion of icicles came out of its leg, blasting in every direction.

When Shang saw these icicles, he felt a mortal threat. They were so hard and powerful that they would probably punch a hole into his body!

Suddenly, the area around Shang cleared, and the icicles turned into more Ice Mana.

Domain of Entropy!

However, Shang was shocked by how much Mana he had just consumed.

‘I just used up 40% of my Mana just to deal with these icicles?!’ he thought in shock.

Nevertheless, Shang struck at the Ice King’s leg.

CRACK!

Shang’s sword hit the icy armor on the Ice King’s leg and cracked it, but he didn’t manage to even reach its skin!

But at this moment, all the Ice Mana from the dispersed icicles gathered on Sword as it stuck inside the armor.

The Ice Mana of the storm had a will on it, but the Ice Mana of the icicles was free for Sword to use!

However, instead of releasing a powerful freezing blast, a large and icy edge appeared around Sword.

Shang put more power into Sword, and Sword used the Ice Mana and its own power to also increase its power.

CRRRRRKSH!

Shang finished the slash, and Sword came out of the armor.

Shortly later, an icy liquid poured out of the crack in the armor.

It was the Ice King’s blood!

Shang had managed to cut apart its skin and a bit of muscle.

Sadly, Sword hadn’t even reached the bone.

It was only a superficial injury.

When the Ice King felt the pain coming from its leg, rage appeared in its eyes.

And then, it roared.

WHOOOOM!

An incredibly powerful shockwave hit Shang, throwing him into the distance. At the same time, even more Ice Mana gathered around him, speeding up the process of his body freezing.

The entire world seemed to shake under the apocalyptic roar filled with dense and dangerous Ice Mana.

Shang had to release several Ice Blasts to retreat and counteract the Ice Mana assaulting him, but he managed to survive the roar uninjured.

At that moment, the Ice King finally fully looked at Shang, and Shang could see pure anger in its eyes.

CRK! CRK! CRK!

More ice came out of its body and solidified, encasing the Ice King in a thick armor made of ice.

Even its mouth, eyes, and nose were encased by ice.

There was not a single opening in its perfect defense!

SHING! SHING!

Then, several spears made of ice came out of the Ice King’s armor, giving its majestic presence an additional feeling of pure aggression and danger.

The Ice Mana around its body thickened even more, turning the air around it icy blue.

CRK! CRK!

The ground below the Ice King cracked beneath its feet as it slowly lowered its stance.

And then, it exploded forward!

BOOOOM!

With an icy explosion, the Ice King shot right at Shang.

Its speed was so fast that Shang could barely react!

BANG!

Shang shot to the side with an Ice Blast, barely managing to evade the dangerous strike of the Ice King’s claws.

But at that moment, Shang felt an intense feeling of danger.

Out of instinct, Shang used Sword to block his side.

BOOOM!

An insane power hit Sword, ramming it into Shang and throwing the two of them over a hundred meters into the distance.

It was the Ice King’s long and powerful tail!

The bones in Shang’s arm and chest broke, but he quickly used his Mana to fix them.

While Shang was still flying, he heard another explosion and felt the cold approach of death.

The Ice Mana around Shang intensified again as the Ice King reached him while Shang still hadn’t even recovered from the previous attack!

BANG!

Shang released several Ice Blasts in the air and changed his trajectory as he slowly regained control over his body.

The mighty strike of the Ice King missed as Shang passed it.Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

BANG!

And then, another explosion of icy spears came out of the Ice King’s body as Shang was still in the air.

“Sword!” Shang barely managed to shout as he let go of Sword.

On its own, Sword quickly aligned itself between the icicles and Shang as Shang angled his body so that the soles of his feet pointed at Sword.

CRK! CRK! CRK!

Several icy spears hit Sword and pushed it towards Shang’s feet.

Usually, Sword wasn’t big enough to fully block such an attack, but as Shang’s body was angled now, it became possible.

BANG!

Shang kicked Sword forward with all of his power, and the ice around Sword became thicker and sharper.

CRACK!

The flexible and powerful tail of the Ice King hit Sword’s edge.

Sword’s icy edge broke, but a huge part of the ice armor on the tail also broke. There was even a bit of blood flowing out.

Only now did Shang truly realize how dangerous the Ice King was.

It had released three devastating attacks, one after the other, without pause!

And that wasn’t even the end!

BANG! BANG!

When the Ice King realized that its tail swipe had failed, it summoned two long and powerful icy spears above it.

These two were not as brittle and weak as the previous icicles.

And then, it shot the icy spears directly at Shang.

Sword was too far away from Shang right now, which meant that he had no way to properly block the icy spears.

Shang’s focus reached its peak, and he felt like time had slowed down.

BANG! BANG!

Just when the two ice spears reached Shang’s vicinity, he simply spread his legs and kicked their tips to the side.

This required absolutely perfect timing and insane control over his body.

But he had pulled it off.

The icy spears angled to the side, and Shang extended his arms.

And caught them!

Shang’s hands began to freeze, but by physically touching the attack, Shang managed to destroy the will on the ice spears.

An instant later, the will on them was completely destroyed, and the ice spears vanished.

Shang had once cursed this ability when he had accidentally absorbed the Ice Mana in the Ice Wood on his sled wagon.

But now, it became a lifesaver.

A huge part of Shang’s Mana got refilled by absorbing the Ice Mana inside the ice spears.

The Ice King noticed and performed another tail swipe while turning its body.

Shang was still in the air due to the earlier roar. That was how fast these attacks had come!

Just before the tail swipe reached Shang, Sword managed to regain control of itself and also reached Shang.

Shang unleashed a strike at the tail.

BOOOM!

A huge part of the tail’s armor exploded off, and a deep cut was left inside the tail.

This time, Sword managed to reach the bone.

But at the same time, Sword was pushed into Shang due to the force, breaking more bones. Even though Sword couldn’t cut Shang, without the black armor, Sword would have probably still cut apart Shang’s chest muscles just due to the raw force.

BANG!

Shang’s body hit the ground and rolled backward.

And at that moment, the Ice King exploded forward again.

Its attacks were relentless!