Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 376 – The Way Home

After watching the border for a while, Shang contacted the Abominations.

By now, he had gotten pretty good at it. He no longer needed several minutes to summon them but only about two. That was way faster than before, but still not fast enough to use during a fight.

After summoning Abominations so often, Shang had gotten a good feeling about how the Zone Beasts would react. Most of them didn’t seem to care about the Abominations as long as there was no Commander Stage Abomination amongst them.

Theoretically, Shang counted as a Commander Stage Abomination, but if he immediately fled without damaging anything, the Zone Beast would most likely leave him alone. Of course, the Thunder Horse’s mark also played a role in that decision.

SHING! SHING! SHING!

The Abominations appeared north of Shang’s current location and directly charged towards the east, at the border.

Shang consumed the Commander Stage Abomination within a second and jumped into the sky.

Just like before, fighting immediately broke out as the border between the Kingdoms focused on defending against the Abominations.

The eyes of the guards widened in shock and terror as they saw an army of Abominations appear close to them.

In an instant, all the Mages went into formation and activated the gigantic Magic Circles on the towers they had built.

BOOM! BOOOM! BOOOOOM

The towers kept shooting incredibly powerful bolts made of Darkness Mana, dissolving the Abominations before they could come close.

But even more…

WHOOOOOM!

A gigantic wave of ice washed over the army of Abominations, taking out over ten of them!

The High Mage of the Blackshadow Kingdom had become active!

The High Mage looked with narrowed eyes at the Abominations as his Focus with three Amplifiers created one Spell after the other.

“Need help?”

The High Mage heard these words inside his mind and glanced over at the defenses of the Spirit Spring Kingdom.

This was how fellow High Mages communicated most of the time. Instead of talking, they projected their thoughts into the minds of the people around them via their Spirit Sense. This was far faster than talking since the concepts could be exchanged directly. They didn’t need to be translated into language and then translated back.

“Keep to your own matters, Milk Boy!” the High Mage of the Blackshadow Kingdom sent back with coldness and arrogance.

The High Mage of the Spirit Spring Kingdom only furrowed his brows.

“Why am I even trying, Stiff Brick?” he asked sarcastically.

The High Mage didn’t answer.

Even though the two Kingdoms were allied, they still had severe disagreements in their philosophy.

Milk Boy and Stiff Brick were not the names of the High Mages but derogatory terms for the people of the other Kingdom.

The Blackshadow Kingdom saw the Spirit Spring Kingdom as soft babies that wanted harmony, happiness, and peace above anything else. They even treated their beasts as equals, and the Blackshadow Kingdom thought that to be ridiculous.

The people of the Spirit Spring Kingdom had no spine and bent to anyone’s will in the Blackshadow Kingdom’s eyes.

That was why they called the residents Milk Boys and Milk Girls.

Meanwhile, the Spirit Spring Kingdom thought the Blackshadow Kingdom to be cruel for no reason. Their own Kingdom is warring severely amongst each other to gain power, making the entire Kingdom unsafe for the younger people.

In comparison to the Skythunder Kingdom, the Blackshadow Kingdom’s internal wars were far more open and brutal. While the Dukes in the Skythunder Kingdom only used schemes and indirect attacks, assassinations and direct warfare were far more common inside the Blackshadow Kingdom.

Even more, the Queen of the Blackshadow Kingdom was one of the younger and weaker ones. If a couple of High Mages worked together, they could potentially kill her.

Her rule wasn’t nearly as ironclad as King Skythunder’s.

This created a very hostile environment for the people of the Blackshadow Kingdom, making them cynical, bitter, pessimistic, and stubborn.

Because of their cold, closed, and stubborn nature, the people of the Spirit Spring Kingdom called them Stiff Bricks.

The only reason why they even were allies was due to the threat of the Magic Purity Kingdom.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Of course, they still didn’t trust each other one bit, which was why there were two High Mages stationed at the borders.

The guards kept decimating the Abominations without a problem.

Usually, the Abominations ended several innocent lives whenever Shang summoned them, but this time, not even a single person would die.

This was a fortified border between two Kingdoms, and their firepower was immense.

“Hm?”

The High Mage of the Spirit Spring Kingdom suddenly looked towards the sky.

He felt something briefly enter his Spirit Sense.

When he looked up, he saw a flying lizard surrounded by icy mist as it was rapidly flying towards the Spirit Spring Kingdom.

‘Only a Blizzard Lizard,’ the High Mage thought as he focused on the Abominations again.

It was normal for beasts to flee in panic when an army of Abominations appeared. Sure, some of the beasts would directly attack them, but there were also beasts that didn’t want to fight.

The Blizzard Lizard had obviously been startled by the Abominations and fled in a random direction.

The High Mage didn’t really care about the Blizzard Lizard.

If the roles were reversed, the people of the Blackshadow Kingdom would shoot down the beast. After all, it was a Commander Stage beast, and it could serve as good food for the beasts of their Summoners. Additionally, they didn’t like it when anything entered their Kingdom from another Kingdom.

That included beasts.

However, the people of the Spirit Spring Kingdom didn’t really care.

They somewhat lived in harmony with the beasts, and they didn’t kill them as long as it wasn’t necessary.

Additionally, the Blizzard Lizard would soon leave the Spirit Spring Kingdom again. After all, it was a beast with an Ice Affinity, and it wouldn’t enjoy staying in a Zone ruled by a Zone Beast with an Earth Affinity.

Of course, the High Mage didn’t really inspect the Blizzard Lizard. It would be strange to thoroughly inspect a random beast while a huge battle happened just in front of him.

A minute later, the Blizzard Lizard began to rapidly fall to the ground.

From the outside, it looked like the beast was diving toward the ground. After all, all the icy mist kept the body behind it hidden.

Only someone with a Spirit Sense could look through the icy veil and see that the Blizzard Lizard had already died.

Inside the icy veil, a nearly frozen Shang could be seen.

His body’s temperature was dangerously low, but he kept it in check by releasing his own icy mist.

Shang had had enough time to come up with a plan, and this was it.

With his Pseudo-Spirit Sense, he could somewhat communicate with beasts, but this method of communication was very primitive.

Shang caught the Blizzard Lizard and sent threatening and aggressive signals toward it while ordering it to fly towards the east.

Of course, Shang’s power was far greater than the beast’s, and it followed Shang’s command.

BANG!

The beast’s body hit the ground, and Shang put the body into his inner world.

After that, Shang charged away to hide for the next couple of days.

He wanted to let things blow over.

And like that, Shang entered the Spirit Spring Kingdom.

There was no huge problem or fight.

After years of doing this, Shang had become incredible at evading the watching eyes of the Kingdom, and his finesse had been proven by getting past the border without an incident.

As Shang ran through the Zone, a light appeared in his right eye.

‘I only need to wait a couple of days, travel across two Zones or so, and no one will bat an eye at my appearance.’

‘Ten years!’

‘After ten years, I’m finally on my way home!’