Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 409 – Going Up the Ranks

The Supervisor looked at the Star Map for a while longer, trying to understand who had adapted it to physis and why.

"This isn't something that could be created by someone from this Area," the Supervisor said. "Even I would need thousands of True Path Stage warriors and hundreds if not thousands of years of research. I doubt that a High Mage or even an Archmage could create something like that."

King Skythunder didn't look at the Supervisor. "I also can't find out who made this copy. Apparently, it's the original."

The Supervisor analyzed the book and realized that he also couldn't tell anything about the creator.

Every book must have been written by someone, and they must have left a piece of their unique aura behind.

One could find out a bit about their temperament, their power, their Affinity, and a couple of other things just by analyzing the book. Of course, the amount of information one could find out depended on the powers of the writer and the analyzer.

"Same for me," the Supervisor said with a frown. "I can't tell anything about the person that made the copy. Where did you get it from?"

"One of the warriors in my Kingdom said that they got it from a powerful Mage that made him go through several trials. Only when he proved that he could win against an Ice Lioness one level above him did he get the book," King Skythunder answered.

"Oh?" the Supervisor uttered. "That's very impressive for a physi. It seems the Area has done its duty, even if it is in a direction that might not be too desirable."

"He wants to publish this technique to every warrior," King Skythunder said.

The Supervisor frowned as he looked at the Star Map for a while longer.

"Well, the normal Star Map isn't available in this Area for a reason. Logically, this one also shouldn't be allowed to spread in here according to the rules," the Supervisor answered.

"However, not even I know of this particular Star Map. Additionally, I don't know who created it."

A couple of seconds of silence and deliberation passed.

"I have to ask the Manager for advice," the Supervisor said. "Thank you for bringing this to my attention."

King Skythunder didn't answer.

After the Supervisor realized that King Skythunder didn't answer him, he left with the book without saying anything.

King Skythunder only continued sitting on the hill, looking at his Kingdom.

A small grin could be seen on his face.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Meanwhile, the Supervisor flew over to his home in the Magic Purity Kingdom and took out a Communication Crystal that looked just like King Skythunder's.

"Yes, what do you need?" said a voice coming out from the Communication Crystal.

"Sir, a Star Map adapted to physis has appeared in Area 23," the Supervisor said.

"A Star Map adapted to physis?" the voice asked with a bit of surprise.

"Correct, sir," the Supervisor said.

For a while, nothing came out of the Communication Crystal.

"Do you have the original?" the Manager asked.

"Yes," the Supervisor answered.

"I'll be there in two hours."

"Thank you, sir," the Supervisor said.

The connection of the Communication Crystal was cut, and the Supervisor only waited in silence.

BANG!

About two hours later, a golden lightning bolt hit the ground in front of the Supervisor, and a man in pure golden armor appeared. He had silver hair and seemed to only be about 20 years old.

The Supervisor handed over the book to the Manager, who read and fully understood it in barely 20 seconds.

Then, the Manager frowned just like the Supervisor when he had read through the Star Map.

"I can't tell anything about the creator of this book," the Manager said.

The Supervisor looked with shock at the Manager.

Even the Manager couldn't?!

But the Manager was an Illustrious Mage Lord, and he was a fully-fledged member of the Lightning Manor!

"Sir, what do we do with the technique?" the Supervisor asked.

"Tell me how this technique appeared in Area 23 first," the Manager ordered.

The Supervisor quickly recounted everything King Skythunder had told him.

"That Mage doesn't sound familiar," the Manager said. "This technique must have been created by a Mage Lord, at the least, and I know a lot of them. However, I've never heard of someone that has such an eccentric appearance."

"A Mage Lord?" the Supervisor asked with a bit of surprise. He had thought that some special technique had been used to hide who had written that book. He hadn't expected that a Mage Lord would be part of this.

Most Mage Lords followed one of the Emperors, and only a select few were unaffiliated.

If this specific Mage Lord were unaffiliated, it wouldn't be a big deal.

However, if one of the affiliated Mage Lords interfered with the Areas under the Lightning Manor's jurisdiction, this could become an international incident!

The Manager nodded. "I can't make a judgment on the technique until we know where it comes from and who created it," he said. "I'll have to ask the Reconnaissance General."

"The Starlight Queen?" the Supervisor asked in shock.

When he had gotten ahold of the technique, he would have never expected it to even reach the Starlight Queen's eyes.

This was only some technique for Commander Stage warriors!

"I'll contact you when I know more," the Manager said.

BANG!

And with an explosion of golden lightning, he vanished.

The Supervisor only looked with surprise at the place where the Manager had just been.

The only thing he could do now was to wait.

This was now in the hands of people far outside his Realm.

Meanwhile, a golden lightning bolt shot with unimaginable speed past the sky. With this speed, it would barely take a minute to travel from the southern edge of the Skythunder Kingdom to the northern edge of the Blackshadow Kingdom.

It was ridiculously fast!

About two hours later, the lightning bolt shot further up into the sky. It had already been flying far above the layer of clouds, but a second layer of clouds appeared above it.

The clouds were far darker, and they were filled with lightning.

Luckily, the Manager knew this area very well, and he got past the dangerous bolts in just a couple of minutes.

Eventually, the Manager appeared above the layer of clouds and landed in front of an unimaginably big castle.

He walked past the entrance, greeting the guards that were on duty, and directly walked along the biggest hallway.

Just before the biggest door, the Manager took a turn and walked to the left into a smaller hallway.

A couple of kilometers further, he entered another hallway to his right, which led into yet another hallway.

Some more kilometers further, he went to the left again and then stopped at a door to the left.

He waited in front of the door for a couple of seconds without doing anything.

Then, the door opened on its own, and he stepped inside.

The Manager entered an area that looked a bit like an office from Earth. There were plenty of desks, and the Manager could even see a couple of Mage Lords going through several documents.

Mage Lords were the lowest-ranking people in the Lightning Manor, barely good enough to handle some documents.

Luckily, as the manager of a fifth of the Development Areas of the Lightning Manor, the Manager was of a higher ranking than these mere document processors.

The Manager entered and walked past all the working Mage Lords until he arrived in front of a desk at the end of the room.

It looked just like any other desk, but the person sitting and working there couldn't be compared to everyone else in the room.

"Is there something to report?" the Starlight Queen asked in a professional tone that hid her boredom.

"Yes, my Lady," the Manager said with the highest respect.

The Starlight Queen was one of the most powerful people in the entire world!

She was the General of the Lightning Manor's Reconnaissance Division, essentially ruling over a quarter of all its forces!

She was responsible for managing all Developing Areas and all the information gathering for the Lightning Manor.

The Manager took out the Star Map and respectfully handed it over. "This arrived in Area 23, and I can't discern any information about the creator of the technique or the writer of the book."

This piqued the Starlight Queen's interest, and she looked at the book.

The book opened and immediately closed again.

She had read and understood the entire thing just by doing that.

Then, she looked at the book with furrowed brows, just like the Supervisor and the Manager had done.

"Me neither," she commented.

The Manager's jaw nearly hit the floor.