Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 412 – Distribution

The Supervisor created thousands of copies of both books in a matter of minutes.

After he was done, he took all the copies and the originals with him and left.

A couple of minutes later, he arrived on the hill beside King Skythunder's castle.

King Skythunder was still looking at his Kingdom.

"So?" King Skythunder asked without looking at the Supervisor.

The Supervisor summoned hundreds of copies of both books and dumped them beside King Skythunder.

"The Star Map for warriors will be introduced into the entirety of Area 23. To not upset the balance, a modified version of the regular Star Map will also be introduced," the Supervisor said.

"These are the copies for your designated area. I will hand the other copies over to the other four."

"The original copy of the Star Map must go back into the hands of the warrior that received it. That's an order from above," he said.

"How far above?" King Skythunder asked.

"That's not your concern," the Supervisor said. "Distribute these copies over your area and give the original copy back to the warrior that brought it. Those are the orders."

King Skythunder slowly stood up. "Fine."

BANG!

The Supervisor left in an explosion of lightning without saying another word.

King Skythunder slowly turned his head to all the books, and a grin appeared on his face.

"Things are about to become more interesting."

"It's been getting a bit boring lately. This should shake things up."

A couple of days passed.

Eventually, the fateful day arrived.

King Skythunder was back on his throne, and he looked at the people gathered in front of him.

The Council was to his right, the Archduke to his left, and all twelve Dukes of his Kingdom in front of him.

He had gathered all of them for this day.

"A couple of days ago, I received a peculiar technique that allows Commander Stage warriors to look at and plan their future True Path. I'm sure most of you have already heard about it," King Skythunder said.

The Dukes didn't deny it. Something like this quickly made its rounds through the ranks of powerful Mages.

"I've made my decision," King Skythunder said.

BANG!

Hundreds of books appeared in the middle of the room, and the Dukes felt like their world had broken down.

They knew what this meant!

Only one Duke was happy about the development.

"The technique will be distributed over the entire Kingdom," King Skythunder said.

The expressions of the Mages looked horrified, frustrated, and even angry.

Usually, they would never dare to be angry in front of their King, but they couldn't resist showing their true feelings this time.

King Skythunder only smirked when he saw their helpless anger.

"However, there are two more things. You won't like one of them, but the other one will be to your liking."

The gathered people looked at King Skythunder with hopeful eyes.

They hoped that these two things would change the future as it looked right now.

Because, as things stood currently, the True Path Stage warriors would probably outnumber the High Mages ten to one in only a century. Sure, they wouldn't be very threatening, but the sheer number of them was still intimidating.

"First, the technique will also be distributed over the other four Kingdoms."

A deep shock went through the gathered crowd.

Why?!

That would make the other Kingdoms even more powerful!

Even if they didn't have warriors right now, they would very quickly put a tremendous number of resources into developing warriors. This Star Map was simply too good to pass up!

They would be strengthening all the other Kingdoms with this move!

Why would King Skythunder decide something like this?!

"Why?" one Duke asked in shock.

He knew that asking such a question was a very bad idea, but he just couldn't help himself.

"Why?" King Skythunder repeated with a smirk. "Because I want to."

The Duke that had asked the question quickly looked at the ground with a horrified expression. "My deepest apologies, my King. I was not in the position to ask such a question."

King Skythunder could feel the terror that went through all the gathered Dukes.

"The second thing," he said with a smirk.

BANG!

Another stack of books appeared.

"This is the same technique but adapted to Mages."

Silence.

Overwhelming silence.

All the gathered people were shocked beyond belief.

The same technique but for Mages?

They had already feared the warriors after they received this technique, but if the Mages had access to a technique of the same level, they didn't need to fear anything.

In fact, the current prosperity of the Mage Path meant that there would be even more High Mages than True Path Stage warriors. After all, there were far more Mages, and everything regarding them was much more advanced.

A hundred True Path warriors in a hundred years?

Pfft, they would get over five hundred High Mages in a hundred years!

"This will also be distributed over all the other Kingdoms," King Skythunder said.

And just like that, their good mood was gone again.

From nervousness, to fear, to happiness, to fear again.

King Skythunder watched everyone's emotions flip again with a smirk.

"Do you not wish for powerful enemies?" he asked.

Everyone looked at King Skythunder, but no one dared to speak.

"If there is no one to push you, your power will stagnate," King Skythunder said. "If there is no danger, there is no motivation to become more powerful."

"We only grow stronger by having something dangerous chase us."

"We can get this motivating danger from inside our home or from outside, but I believe that everyone here would rather choose danger from the outside."

"After all, when the danger is in your home, you have to be careful that you don't destroy it, but if it is outside, you don't need to hold back."

Everyone knew what King Skythunder meant.

He was talking about the hidden and subtle scheming between the different Dukes.

It was troublesome to hurt all the other Dukes with all the rules in place.

But when it came to the Magic Purity Kingdom or the Grandmountain Kingdom, they didn't need to care about these things.

"I want these two techniques distributed over all cities and towns," King Skythunder ordered, "and I don't want to see the Star Map for warriors accidentally vanish."

"If it isn't distributed to my liking, the responsible Duke will be held accountable."

"Even if it was one of their servants that went against the order."

"Understood?"

"Yes, my King!" everyone echoed.

After that, every Duke pocketed a portion of the books. Even the Council and the Archduke took some for themselves.

When all the books were stashed away, King Skythunder summoned one additional one, which flew over to Duke Whirlwind.

"Make sure this one enters the hands of Shang," King Skythunder transmitted. Apparently, he didn't want to make too much trouble for Shang by telling everyone about it.

"Yes, my King," Duke Whirlwind answered via voice transmission.

"You may all leave," King Skythunder said.

The Dukes politely bowed in front of King Skythunder one last time and left.

Today had been a bittersweet day.

The warriors would rise, but so would the Mages.

Right now, they were not sure of the future.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

But they were sure of one thing.

The future would not be as calm and peaceful as the present.