Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 421 – Fleeing

Hell.

Inferno.

Destruction.

Pure destruction.

Everywhere Shang looked, something exploded.

It was like a huge bomber from earth was carpet-bombing a military encampment.

People died.

Many people died.

Probably around 150 of the about 200 barbarians and around four True Mages died during that attack.

And Shang didn't feel any guilt or regret.

These were not innocent people.

These were soldiers who were at war with his home, the Skythunder Kingdom.

Every person that remained alive could very well represent a future dead warrior.

This was nothing like the time Shang had made the Adamantite Behemoth flip over Duke Mithril's town.

No, everyone in here was a soldier, and they would fight the Skythunder Kingdom.

The Skythunder Kingdom was the only home Shang had in this world, and he wanted to keep it strong and prosperous.

Shang saw scattered and burned pieces of flesh everywhere, and he saw the horrified and terrified faces of the injured survivors.

'This is war!' Shang told himself.

In the distance, the High Mage looked with horror at the blackened craters that had once been her encampment.

This couldn't be real!

This must be a dream!

One single warrior had done all of this?!

BANG!

While the High Mage was distracted, Shang blasted towards the fourth tower from above and readied his sword.

BANGBANGBANGBANG!

Shang unleashed a flurry of attacks. The Long Sword State was by far the fastest one, and Shang had realized that he had never truly made use of Sword's speed in this State.

Shang had always tried to unleash maximum power with each strike, but this was wrong for such a thin and nimble sword.

By training with the other kinds of swords, Shang had realized that it was way better to essentially turn the Long Sword State into something that was essentially a blender.

Each strike was accompanied by black lightning, and in just five swings, the shield broke.

However, Shang's entire body had withered a lot.

In the Long Sword State, Shang could unleash way more elemental attacks, but this increased offense also took a heavy burden on his health.

Shang used the last of his Mana to regenerate his body, but that was it. He no longer had any Mana inside his body.

Any future injury would stay for a while.

BANG!

Shang unleashed another Blast and broke through the roof of the tower.

SHING! SHING! SHING!

In less than a second, several slashes could be seen coming out of the walls of the tower, and it collapsed into pieces.

Of course, there was also flesh amongst those pieces.

By now, the High Mage had recovered from her shock, and a fire of absolute hatred appeared in her eyes.

She wanted that warrior dead!

She quickly readied several Spells and waited for Shang to charge toward the next tower.

But then, her eyes widened in shock.

Shang hadn't left the collapsing tower.

She quickly concentrated on her Spirit Sense, and she finally found him.

He was fleeing!

Shang was on the ground in front of the towers outside the encampment, running towards the Skythunder Kingdom!

After all of this, he was running just like that?!

The High Mage gnashed her teeth in hatred.

"No, you don't!"

SHING!

And she used Mana Step.

She appeared close to the walls of her encampment.

BANG!

She unleashed her Concept of Cutting and blasted the walls in front of her apart.

She needed a clear path for her Mana Step to work, and she didn't have time or the nerves to jump over the walls.

Then, she saw Shang just a kilometer away from her, and she unleashed over 30 metallic spears in his direction.

It was like a gigantic shotgun had shot at Shang.

Shang's Pseudo-Spirit Sense quickly calculated the trajectory of all the spears.

There was no safe place for him at the current distance from the High Mage.

"Ishah!"

SHING!

Shang appeared over 500 meters further away and went a bit to the left.F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

SHING! SHING! SHING! SHING!

Several spears shot past Shang.

Not a single one hit him.

And he had never stopped running.

When the High Mage saw that Shang managed to evade her Spell by using Mana Step, her anger exploded even more.

SHING!

She also used Mana Step, and she appeared just 500 meters behind Shang.

An instant later, she had readied another 30 spears.

BOOOM!

And she unleashed them at Shang again.

This time, Shang was out of options.

Sword was too small to block.

He was not fast enough to evade.

He couldn't use Mana Step since one use of Mana Step used up all the Mana inside his mind.

His armor was still regenerating its Mana.

He would be hit.

Shang quickly blasted into a place where the least spears were and readied himself.

He jumped forward and kicked toward one of the approaching spears.

BANG!

The spear pierced Shang's shoes.

Then, it pierced Shang's foot.

It pierced his leg.

It pierced his abdomen.

And, finally, it came out of his shoulder.

Just when the spear came out of his shoulder, Shang grabbed it with both of his hands.

It took a lot of power, but Shang managed to hold onto that spear.

If it hadn't gone through his entire body and if it hadn't been grabbed by Shang's hands, it would have simply shot through him.

But, like this, Shang managed to borrow the power of the spear, and he was thrown into the distance along with it.

The High Mage's eyes widened.

Such a method to resist her attack hadn't even entered her mind!

Even more, Shang didn't only resist her attack, but it was even helping him escape!

All the spears around Shang started to fall to the ground as he traveled for nearly two kilometers like this.

Then, Shang pulled out the spear, threw it to the side, and unleashed another Blast to keep his speed up.

BANG! BANG! BANG!

Shang was unleashing one Blast after the other, his body bleeding in several places.

He was burning up his vitality like a meteor!

The High Mage used another three Mana Steps and was now only 300 meters away from Shang.

She was ready to unleash her next Spell.

Shang looked back, and he only smirked.

The High Mage was just about to unleash her Spell when she suddenly felt a terrifying attack come her way.

SHING! BOOOOOM!

She used Mana Step to retreat as the place where she had just been was buried by a shower of humongous rocks.

Her Spirit Sense quickly noticed the person that had unleashed that attack, and she gritted her teeth in frustration.

The Duke of this Zone of the Skythunder Kingdom had arrived.

And he was rapidly charging after her with Mana Step as his Focus readied more Spells.

The High Mage threw one hateful glance at Shang.

She knew that she couldn't kill him today.

She unleashed one Mana Step after the other to retreat back to the Grandmountain Kingdom as the Duke charged after her.

The High Mage of the Grandmountain Kingdom had already used quite a bit of her Mana, and the Duke knew it.

This was the best opportunity to get rid of her!

The Duke shot past Shang in less than an instant.

Finally, Shang could stop and look back.

He was bleeding all over his body, but his passive regeneration would take care of these issues.

A couple of seconds later, Shang saw several True Mages shoot past him with Mana Step, and some more seconds later, Commander Stage warriors followed.

The Skythunder Kingdom knew what Shang had planned.

When they saw the terrifying number of distant explosions, they knew that Shang had succeeded, and they had prepared themselves for an all-out assault.

Today, the Skythunder Kingdom would take another Zone from the Grandmountain Kingdom!