Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿433 Chapter 433 – Distance

Yes, the teacher in front of Shang was Astor. Right now, he was at the Early Commander Stage, and his Battle-Strength felt about average to Shang.

"So, you're a teacher now, huh?" Shang asked with a friendly smile.

Astor looked around and saw that everyone was looking at them.

"Greetings, Count Sword," Astor said, taking a step back and bowing politely.

Shang raised an eyebrow. "Is this really necessary, Astor? We're friends."

When Astor heard these words, a surprised expression appeared on his face. But then, his expression transformed into an uncomfortable one.

"I'm sorry, Count Sword, but I have to get back to teaching."Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

When Shang heard that, a small tinge of sadness appeared inside his chest, but he quickly got used to it.

'Yes, what have I even been expecting?'

"I understand," Shang said. Then, he turned to the students of Astor's class. "Your teacher taught me many things when I was young. He is very knowledgeable and very experienced. You can count yourself lucky for having such a teacher."

The eyes with which the students looked at their teacher became more respectful, and there was even a bit of wonder and shock in their eyes.

Shang nodded once more at Astor and turned around.

'What did I even think when I said that?' Shang thought as he walked towards the main building.

'Astor has probably heard that I returned 20 years ago. Maybe he even searched for me or waited for me to look for him.'

'Yet, instead of doing that, I completely vanished. I never looked for him to talk or anything like that.'

'I've been in the same class as Astor for two years, but 30 years have passed since then.'

'Friends? At most, we are old acquaintances.'

Shang released a silent sigh.

'It feels like not much time has passed for me, but that's due to the long isolation of training. When there is no external stimulus, time passes at a rapid rate.'

'But for others, it must feel like I have been gone for their entire life. Obviously, they wouldn't view me as someone close to them.'

'I doubt that Sarah would react any differently. She would probably just greet me respectfully but with a cold voice, and Elver and I have never been close.'

'It probably wouldn't be difficult to talk to Mattheo, but that's because Jerald is raising him to become a politician. He should be very good at expanding his social circle.'

However, when Shang thought about Mattheo, he felt very distant from him.

Mattheo felt more like a youngster than someone of Shang's age, even though Mattheo was even older than Shang.

'Power, huh?' Shang thought as he looked at the sky. 'Power changes my entire outlook.'

'The friends I had back then don't feel like my friends anymore, and the colossal giants I've looked up to have transformed into people I can easily talk to.'

At that moment, Shang remembered his last trial.

After Mervin had killed himself in the trial, Shang realized what his future would turn into, and this future was now real.

People he once knew had no connection with him anymore.

Shang would continue training in isolation as they slowly progressed in life.

Maybe Astor was already a father?

Maybe Sarah had already begun learning to smith?

They were no longer the same people, and to the same extent, Shang also wasn't the same person anymore.

'Right now, there's only George, Jerald, and Mervin left. I can count those three as my friends, but that's because we are all of similar power and follow a similar goal.'

'As time progresses, these friendships will probably also deteriorate. After all, I'm planning on reaching further than anyone else.'

Shang stepped into the building and walked into a hallway to his right.

'But all of that is necessary. There are so many talented people in this world, and I'm certain that there are many people much more talented than me.'

Shang put his hand on a wall. A moment later, the wall opened, and a staircase that led down appeared.

'Yet, all these unimaginable geniuses didn't manage to become the most powerful person in the world.'

'Is it because they didn't try hard enough?'

'Is everyone else just lazy?'

'Of course not.'

Shang walked down the stairs into the basement.

'If I want to keep up with them and even surpass them, I have to sacrifice more than anyone else.'

'I can't waste my time with friendships, outings, family, romance, or similar things.'

'If I want to become the most powerful, I must dedicate my entire life to my goal.'

At that moment, an image appeared in Shang's mind.

It was a scene where Shang and George were much older, and they were looking at each other like strangers.

It was a sad and heavy feeling.

'However, this is a pain I have to bear if I want to reach the top.'

Shang slowly walked through the basement and opened one of the doors.

Behind the door was a long and high room.

Shang remembered that he had fought the General Stage warriors and Adepts in this very room. Once a month, a secret marketplace appeared here for sensitive wares and even wares for the True Path Stage.

Right now, the room was empty.

Shang slowly walked to one of the walls and leaned on it.

CRK!

Shang quickly stood up again as a crack appeared on the wall.

'I should remember that I'm quite heavy now.'

Shang had to chuckle a bit at the sudden change in mood.

Shang seemed chippier than usual today, but that actually wasn't the case.

He wasn't the biggest fan of his current feelings and his current situation.

However, one shouldn't forget that Shang was 47 years old now.

He was no longer a young adult, and he had come to terms with his life over the past few decades.

As Shang waited for Jerald, he thought about his Star Map.

'I'm a bit over 33% done thanks to that brutal fight against the centipede, but it's still just 33%.'

'My progress will probably accelerate as I learn more, but I still think that it will take another 20 years at least.'

'I have the Star Map, and I train every day, all day. Yet, it would still take me about 50 years in total to comprehend my Path.'

'Honestly, without the Star Map, I probably wouldn't be able to finish this Path in my lifetime.'

'But it will all be worth it.'

'Without a solid foundation, I can't reach the top.'

At that moment, one of the doors opened, and Shang looked over.

Jerald had arrived.