Chapter 438 – Future Plans

Shang told Jerald everything that had happened, and he could see Jerald's rage and hatred in his eyes.

"The Council," Jerald said with a venomous voice. Shang had never heard Jerald become this emotional before. He had always been very polite, friendly, and jovial, but now, he looked absolutely enraged.

Shang didn't say anything.

"Are you going to take revenge?" Jerald asked with a dark voice and narrowed eyes.

Shang slowly shook his head. "Not yet."

"Not yet?!" Jerald shouted in outrage. "George died, and you're not going to do anything about it?!"

Shang furrowed his brows and looked at Jerald. "I've told you of the Path I have chosen. Going now would be suicide."

Jerald clenched his fists until blood poured out, but then, he took a deep breath.

"I'm sorry," Jerald said. "I've lost control over myself."

"Me asking you to take revenge was stupid and hypocritical of me. I could do it just as well with my power. I'm genuinely sorry, Shang," Jerald said.

"I don't fault you," Shang answered. "We all say horrible things in horrible situations. You were the one that told me that even High Mages lose control over their emotions and do stupid things sometimes."

Jerald released a chuckle, but it sounded very unnatural and forced. Obviously, he was not in the mood to laugh or joke around.

"Do you have any plans?" Shang asked.

Jerald looked to the side. "I've made several plans over the past decades, but it isn't time yet to put them into motion."

Then, Jerald looked at Shang. "All of them require you to reach the True Path Stage first. I need someone that can kill a Mid High Mage."

Shang nodded. "What plans?"

Jerald took another deep breath. "I was stuck between three of them, not sure which one I should choose."

Then, an aggressive light appeared in Jerald's eyes. "But now, I'm sure which one I will choose."

He looked deeply into Shang's eye with a severe gaze. "This is the most dangerous plan, and you will have to fight many High Mages one after the other. You will be the one in the most danger during all of this, and the entire plan's success lies on your shoulders. If you mess up, everyone will die, including me."

"No problem," Shang answered immediately.

Jerald was a bit surprised by Shang's quick acceptance. "You are not afraid?"

"I'm not afraid of fighting," Shang said. "I'm afraid of not being able to fight at all, which perfectly reflects my current situation."

At that moment, Shang's voice began to quiver a bit. "You don't know how much I want to just run out there and kill all the Dukes and the Council."

"I want to kill them so badly."

Shang closed his eye and took a deep breath to compose himself.

"Yet, I am stuck here due to the Path I have chosen."

"Right now, I don't have the power to make a difference, and I won't get that kind of power in the foreseeable future."

"My friend just died, but I can only watch and do nothing."

"I can only train."

"That's it."

Jerald could feel Shang's frustration.

He was in a similar situation right now.

His plan wasn't ready to be put into motion yet, which meant that he could also only sit by and watch.

For the next while, no one spoke a word.

"What does it want to do now?" Jerald asked, referring to the spear.

"Revenge," Shang said. "George's dying wish is its purpose."

"It doesn't matter what it needs to do. It only wants to kill everyone that George wished dead."

Jerald only looked at the spear.

"Can I talk to it?" he asked.

"These kinds of weapons can only communicate with their owner and other weapons," Shang said. "Not even I can talk to it. Sword has to tell me what it says."

Jerald only nodded.

"Then, nothing changes for the foreseeable future," he said.

"Nothing changes," Shang confirmed, "at least, until it is time."

"Until it is time," Jerald said with a nod.

"Do you want to make George's death public?" Shang asked.

Jerald slowly shook his head. "No, it's not the right time. For now, the Council doesn't know that their secret has been exposed. They will probably leave some trails in the Empress Cobra Zone that make it seem like a huge fight between a beast and George has taken place."

"Additionally, they will probably throw George's corpse to a random True Path Stage beast to get eaten. It is the safest way to keep the lie believable."

"George has shown himself only a bit more than you in the last couple of years, and his disappearance won't raise any eyebrows."

"In a couple of months, I will act like I am searching for him, and I will probably find some traces that lead to a beast. I will kill the beast as revenge and return."

"Over the following years, I will act suspicious towards the Council. After all, acting like I completely bought the lie would be unbelievable. They already expect me to suspect them, but without solid evidence, I would be helpless."

"For the next couple of years, the deaths of the warriors will increase while more and more of them will be sent to the frontlines."

"For now, there's nothing I can do about that."

"I have to eat all of this up until you reach the True Path Stage."

"But then, we will take our revenge."

Shang nodded. "Then, that's the plan."

Jerald also nodded. "Shang, I don't want you to rush things for the sake of revenge. If you are not fully prepared, everything will be for naught. I need you as powerful as you possibly can be."

"Don't worry," Shang answered. "I know. I only hope that you are not also gone when the time arrives."

"You don't have to worry about that," Jerald said with narrowed eyes. "As long as several members of the Council or King Skythunder don't attack me, I won't die. I can promise you that."

Shag nodded. "Then, that's good to hear."

Jerald also nodded, and after that, Jerald left.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

They had to wait for Shang to reach the True Path Stage first.

After Jerald left, the spear hovered over to the walls of the cave and leaned against it.

It looked just like a normal weapon.

For a while, Shang looked at the spear.

"Sword, if I were to die, would you also want to take revenge?" he asked.

"My goal is to become the strongest weapon," Sword answered. "With enough power, I can take revenge."

Shang only nodded.

Sword was different from the spear.

The spear just wanted to take revenge, while Sword only wanted power.

After asking Sword that question, Shang continued training.

He had to become more powerful!