Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 450 – Shooting Star, Hidden Sun

The second beast only did marginally better. It nearly died with the first attack, but Shang had to unleash a second one to finish it off.

When Shang thought about his next opponent, he got a bit annoyed.

WHOOOM! SHING!

Black fire gathered on the sword and was thrown into the distance, transforming it into a saber.

Shang didn’t want to use several attacks to get rid of the next beast since it would be a powerful one, which was why he had transformed Sword into its Saber State.

Shang didn’t really care about the ore he had just now essentially thrown out of the window. He had so much ore that this was no issue at all.

Some seconds later, Shang’s third opponent appeared.

It was some wolf with metal armor. Its appearance and power weren’t really important since it would die very quickly anyway.

Shang pointed his Saber downward, its tip touching the ground just a bit behind Shang.

The jester lifted his hammer and hit the bell.

DING!

A moment later, Shang’s Saber rapidly moved forward on the ground.

As it moved forward, it left a straight line of burning red on the ground.

As the line reached a length of a bit more than a meter, a spiky and sharp tip appeared at its front.

It looked just like a primitive spear!

At that instant, the muscles on Shang’s right arm bulged, and he slashed forward like he was trying to throw something, that was lying on the ground, forward with his Saber.

SHING!

The fire spear immediately shot forward with incredible speed just as the wolf opened its eyes.

The wolf very quickly noticed the attack with its terrifying instincts, but its body was just too slow to evade.

The tip of the Fire Spear touched its torso.

BOOOOOOOOOM!

A gigantic explosion occurred, releasing a destructive wave of Fire Mana in a cone!

Shang calmly inspected the area of destruction with his Spirit Sense.

The wolf was still alive but severely injured.

Shang lifted his Saber and slashed forward.

Another fire spear was created above Shang, and it shot forward just like the first one.

BOOOOOOOM!

And the wolf was dead.

A powerful Initial True Path Stage beast died just like that.

This was one of Shang’s new techniques.

Due to the fiery and bright streak the spear left behind as it traveled through the air, Shang decided to call it Shooting Star.

Shooting Star was the epitome of a warrior’s ranged technique, and it perfectly symbolized Shang’s fighting style in the Saber State.

Explosive domination from range.

The corpse vanished, and the applause appeared.

The wheel returned, and Shang waited for his next opponent.

The next one was another bird, and from the looks of it, it didn’t have a lot of defensive powers.

One Shooting Star, and it was dead.

The next opponent was some bug, and its defense looked rather solid.

One Shooting Star wouldn’t be enough.

However, that wasn’t an issue.

One had to remember that Shang’s Saber was also focused on speed.

His attacks weren’t intended to kill an enemy in one hit.

No, they were supposed to be unleashed in a barrage!

The tip of Shang’s Saber traveled forward on the ground, releasing a Shooting Star.

As the first Shooting Star was already on its way to its opponent, Shang’s Saber continued swinging, creating a bright Halfmoon.

As soon as the tip of Shang’s Saber arrived above him, the fiery Halfmoon also shot forward!

At the same time as the Halfmoon shot forward, Shang’s Saber also stopped above him.

Then, he turned it around, and slashed forward again, creating another Shooting Star!

All three attacks had been launched before the first one had even reached its target!

BOOOOM! CRRKKSSHH! BOOOOM!

The Shooting Star exploded on the target, destroying a huge part of its armor.

The Halfmoon didn’t explode when it hit the target but burned itself into the enemy’s body.

The last Shooting Star hit the crevice that the Halfmoon had left behind and exploded inside the target’s body, blowing it into pieces.

The opponent was dead.

Shang put his Saber to the side again, his body having only gotten a bit paler. Its temperature had lowered by just a couple of degrees.

This short barrage was a taste of Shang’s true fighting style while being in the Saber State.

The Halfmoon was called Hidden Sun. Shang called it that due to three reasons.

First, it was a fire attack.

Second, a Halfmoon couldn’t easily be seen while the sun was shining.Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Third, Hidden Sun would catch the opponents by surprise since they would be distracted by the first Shooting Star, likely making them miss this second attack.

This was Shang’s standard attack pattern in the Saber State.

Swing upward, Shooting Star, Hidden Sun, swing downward, Shooting Star, Hidden Sun, swing upward, and so on.

This assault was relentless, powerful, and it also alternated the kinds of attacks, strengthening them both.

Shooting Star was better at dealing with armor, while Hidden Sun could deal more penetrating damage to weaker parts.

Shooting Star destroyed the armor, Hidden Sun cut through the exposed body, and another Shooting Star exploded inside the body.

And this pattern could be repeated for up to 20 attacks in a row before Shang had to deal with the temperature of his body…

At least, if he were standing still.

Now, if he kept charging around with his Ice Blast…

Yes, this barrage could be kept up indefinitely.

The tiny swings in temperature could be easily handled.

If a body’s temperature suddenly fell by twenty degrees and then increased by twenty degrees, the body would rupture and break in many places.

However, if it was only a change of one degree, it wouldn’t be a problem.

The Ice Blasts would repay the cost of Shang’s attacks, and the attacks would repay the cost of the Ice Blasts.

In his Saber State, Shang had managed to create a perfect equilibrium with his temperature without needing to injure himself or needing to take a break.

Shang could release infinite Ice Blasts and infinite Shooting Stars and Hidden Suns.

His speed was ridiculous.

His offensive power was ridiculous.

His sustain was ridiculous.

And this was only one of his four weapons!