Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The corpse vanished, and the cheering returned as Shang took a deep breath.

Additionally, Shang summoned some ore to make Sword return to its Colossal Sword State. The next fight would be very difficult, and Shang had to be in his strongest form if he wanted to have a chance.

Shang looked at the wheel, which had just returned.

"Level nine: Powerful Mid High Mage."

The wheel began to spin, and Shang waited.

Eventually, it settled on one of the rarer Affinities.

It was Light.

'A powerful Light Mage?' Shang thought with furrowed brows.

Shang hadn't fought a Light Mage before. The Light Affinity was rare, and Mages that had it generally weren't the biggest fans of directly fighting against their opponents.

However, Shang was no longer fighting new or average Mages.

No, he was fighting a genius High Mage with a Light Affinity.

If Shang managed to make Light usable in a somewhat offensive manner, a High Mage could accomplish the same thing.

Shang also remembered the Archduke. The Archduke also had a Light Affinity. If she didn't have a lot of power, she wouldn't be the Archduke.

Shang knew how Light Mages could fight. After all, he had received many expensive Spell Compendiums from Jerald back then.UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Not much was known about how Light High Mages fought since the Affinity was so rare, but Jerald had also told Shang about how the Archduke actually fought.

The Archduke's main Concept was Illumination. Based on the name, the Concept felt weak and unusable during a battle, but nothing could be further from the truth.

Shang's Brilliance and Distortion were related to the Illumination Concept.

SHING!

Shang's opponent appeared, and he looked over.

It was a young woman with white hair, a peaceful smile on her face.

Shang readied himself.

The jester lifted his hammer and struck the bell.

DING!

Shang immediately exploded forward in his Colossal Sword State.

He also activated Distortion, but he wasn't very confident if it would work against a Light Mage or not.

The woman opened her eyes, and she looked in Shang's direction with an interested gleam in her eyes.

She was surprised that there was actually a physical fighter in the world that could fight her. On top of that, the physical fighter actually used Light.

This definitely interested her, but she didn't lose her cool.

She had been in many strange battles, and she could very quickly adapt to a new situation.

In an instant, her first Spell was already finished, and it actually wasn't Mana Shield.

She smiled a bit at Shang before everything around Shang vanished into a domain of pure Light.

This was very similar to Isolation, but instead of Darkness, Shang's enemy was using Light to achieve a similar effect.

While Isolation used the principle of nothingness and solitude in Darkness to get rid of the world around a person, the Mage achieved the same result but with the polar opposite.

Instead of making the world around Shang feel empty, it felt too full.

It was like there was so much stuff around Shang that he couldn't see past any of it.

His right eye didn't help, and his Spirit Sense was obviously also completely useless.

Even more, Shang didn't know how this Spell worked exactly.

Did she cast a Spell on his mind? After all, it was possible that this domain of Light actually didn't exist in reality. Maybe it only existed in Shang's perception?

Did she cast everything in her surroundings in this domain of Light?

Did she only create a small area of Light around Shang and move it along with him?

Shang furrowed his brows and deactivated his Spirit Sense.

Then, he focused on something he hadn't used in a long time.

Mana Vision.

A Spirit Sense was strictly superior to Mana Vision, and Shang hadn't used Mana Vision in a very long time due to that.

Shang still couldn't see his opponent, but he saw something else.

He could finally tell how the Mage had used the Spell.

Even though Shang couldn't see out of the domain, he could tell how big it was due to the density of Light Mana around him.

Right now, the domain was about ten meters wide, and it surrounded Shang as he kept running forward.

Shang tried to absorb the Light Mana around him, but there was actually a will on it, making it impossible.

BANG!

Shang suddenly blasted to the side.

The domain perfectly followed him.

There wasn't even an instant of hesitation.

This told Shang something else.

'There is a will on the Mana, and it perfectly keeps following me. Controlling this domain to such a degree makes it impossible for it to have been passively cast on me.'

'If it were passively cast on me, it would either grow weaker as I move, or there wouldn't be a will on it.'

'That means she is actively channeling the ability, making it impossible for her to personally cast any other Spells.'

'Additionally, the Mana usage of such a Spell has to be high.'

BOOOOOOOOM!

Shang was thrown back, and the Magic Circles on his armor activated.

Just now, Shang had only seen one side of his surroundings suddenly turn dark, and the next moment, he had been hit by something massive, fast, and heavy.

If Shang's armor hadn't activated, he would have transformed into a blood splatter.

Even though the Mage herself couldn't cast any other Spells, the same thing wasn't true for her Focus.

While she kept the domain of Light alive, her Focus would create one offensive Spell after the other.

The Spells of a Mid High Mage were already insanely fast and quite hard for Shang to dodge. Without being able to see the Spell, dodging became completely impossible for Shang.

He couldn't even block this fast.

The Magic Circles on Shang's armor deactivated again, but the armor could still block one more attack.

Shang's spinning body quickly righted itself, but Shang had lost all sense of orientation already.

Shang knew that he had been hit by a humongous boulder.

If it had been a Fireball or a Lightning Bolt, Shang would know where he would need to run to find the Mage.

However, the humongous boulder had thrown Shang away and had made him spin wildly, making it completely impossible to judge from where the attack had actually come.

'Not surprised that she's a powerful Mid High Mage. The ability to isolate an enemy from a distance is terrifying.'

'I need to do something before she fires another boulder.'

Shang's right eye narrowed.

His hair stood up, and parts of his body began to vanish.

There was only one thing that could get rid of this Spell.

Domain of Entropy!