Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

As Shang activated his Domain of Entropy, the Light around him began to vanish.

At that moment, Shang managed to get a glimpse of the outside world, and he could finally see where his enemy was.

The Mage was about to fire another boulder, but she stopped as she realized that part of her Spell had been broken.

She furrowed her brows and intensified her chanting.

WHOOOM!

More Light Mana buried Shang, cutting him off from the outside world again.

Right now, Shang was using up the Mana inside his body to keep the Domain of Entropy going, but the added amount of Light Mana was consuming Shang's Mana like crazy.

BANG!

Shang exploded forward and lifted his Colossal Sword.

Then, he swung.

WHOOOOM!

A gigantic wave of black fire came out of the Colossal Sword, and it charged directly at Shang's opponent.

The young woman furrowed her brows.

She wouldn't be able to evade this attack while keeping her domain active.

Her Domain of Light had to be channeled by her, and if she wanted to use Mana Step, she would need to stop her channeling. A Focus couldn't channel Mana Step for a Mage.

In the end, she continued channeling.

BANG!

The gigantic black wave hit the Mage's Mana Shield, consuming a lot of her Mana.

However, she was a Mid High Mage, and this wasn't nearly enough to break her Mana Shield.

Then, she unleashed the boulder she had just prepared and threw it at Shang.

SHING!

A black streak appeared, and her Domain of Light moved nearly a kilometer to the side.

The boulder missed the target by a lot.

SHING!

With closed eyes, Shang immediately used Shock again to get to the Mage.

With the previous glimpse of the world, Shang had remembered where he was and where his opponent was. As long as his opponent didn't move, he knew exactly where she was.

Shang released Anger as soon as he arrived.

BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG!

Five quick and powerful attacks hit the Mage's Mana Shield, and Shang's body atrophied by a bit.

When the Light Mage realized that Shang had arrived in front of her, she grew a bit panicked.

He had just destroyed a lot of her Mana!

A moment later, the dense Light around Shang vanished, and he could finally see the world again.

His opponent had just used Mana Step, and she was around a kilometer away.

SHING!

Shang used another Shock.

But his opponent used Mana Step again.

Shang's brows furrowed, and he blasted forward with his Ice and Fire Blasts.

He only had a limited number of Shocks available, and if his opponent kept using Mana Step, Shang would lose access to his movement skill.

A light appeared in the Mage's eyes.

Just as she had thought, her opponent was injuring themselves with these powerful techniques.

The Mage knew a bit about the Darkness Element, and she knew that some Darkness Mages could sacrifice their life energy to explode with terrifying power.

When she saw that Shang didn't use Shock anymore, she stopped using Mana Step.

An instant later, the Light Domain around Shang appeared again, cutting him off from the outside world.

However, he still knew where his opponent was.

BOOOOOOOM!

At that moment, Shang was hit by another gigantic boulder, and his armor activated again to block the attack.

Shang had thought that he had more time, but he had been mistaken.

Shang activated his Domain of Entropy again to gain a glimpse of the surroundings.

But as soon as he activated it, a terrifying torrent of Light Mana assaulted him.

Shang felt over 50% of his body's Mana drain in the blink of an eye.

'She's trying to exchange her Mana for mine since she knows that she has more Mana!'

Shang still couldn't see the surroundings, and his Mana was vanishing at rapid rates.

'Sure enough, I can't win against her without sacrificing everything.'

Shang took a covert, deep breath.

'I only hope that I can still beat the Weak Late High Mage after that.'

'I won't be recovered for my battle with the average Late High Mage.'

Shang clenched his fingers around Sword's hilt.

Sword knew what Shang had planned.

"I'm ready," it told Shang.

"I'm sorry," Shang transmitted.

Then, Shang used up all of his body's Mana and life energy in one explosion.

WHOOOOM!

Domain of Entropy enlarged and consumed the entire Domain of Light.

Time seemed to stop.

At that moment, the eyes of Shang and the Mage met.

At that moment, Shang's body and hair seemed to slowly vanish and turn into nothing.

For some reason, the Mage felt like she was looking into the face of death.

However, everything happened too quickly.

She couldn't properly react to the changing circumstances.

BANG!

Shang released Shock to get to his opponent, but this time, no Darkness Mana was left behind.

Shang kept his Domain of Entropy active, and it consumed the earth, air, and darkness around him as he arrived directly in front of his opponent.

Some slight black flames appeared around Shang's body, and even Sword burned with them.

And then, Shang struck forward.

BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG!

Five very fast attacks were unleashed, and the Mage's eyes opened wide in absolute terror.

Her opponent had just consumed over 50% of her Mana!

In comparison, the earlier barrage of Anger had only consumed 15% of her Mana in total.

This attack was on a completely different level!

However, Shang had paid an equally heavy price to unleash that technique.

Sword had transformed from its iconic, long shape into the shape of a slightly bigger short sword.

Additionally, Shang's skin had vanished, and his muscles looked incredibly atrophied.

In her terror, she released another Mana Step.

Yet, she didn't move!

She had used her Mana Step, but her body didn't move!

At the same time, Shang's body atrophied even more. He now looked like an undead husk.

Shang had used his Domain of Entropy to destroy the Mana Step Spell in the atmosphere.

However, that had cost Shang a lot of his body.

BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! CRACK!

Shang quickly attacked five more times, and the fifth attack destroyed his opponent's Mana Shield.

Yet, Shang had lost his legs and looked like a person drawing their last breath.

Additionally, Sword's shape had changed into nothing more than a dagger.

Time seemingly stood still again.

Shang didn't move.

He couldn't move.

He was so weak that he couldn't even extend his arms to kill his opponent.

If he forced it, his arm would fall off before he could even reach her.

He was slowly turning to dust.

At that moment, the dagger in Shang's hands left his grasp.

And it flew directly at the Mage!

SHING!

The dagger pierced through her skull.

She died with a shocked and terrified expression on her face.

The dagger quickly left her head again, flew behind her, and pushed her toward Shang.

Shang collided with the corpse, and some of his bones broke.

However, he now had physical contact with the corpse, and he could absorb its life energy.

Luckily, this Mage had a Mid Commander Stage body, which meant that it could, at least, refill Shang's life energy by about 20%.Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

That was more than enough to survive.

Shang had won.

This had been Shang's last resort.

His last technique.

If everything else failed, Shang would use this technique.

Shang would use his Domain of Entropy to cancel out any kind of Spell.

At the same time, he would consume his body, life energy, and Mana to increase the power of his attacks.

Sword would do the same thing, sacrificing small pieces of itself to strengthen the attack.

As long as Sword was still the size of a dagger or bigger, it could recover.

Of course, being reduced to such a degree was also incredibly painful and terrifying to Sword, which was why Shang had apologized earlier.

This technique represented the last exchange.

After this technique, one or both combatants would be dead.

There was no other outcome.

This technique was on the border between Darkness and Entropy.

Shang called it Silence.