Shang had already suspected that the God hadn't told Shang the entire truth at the beginning, and this confirmed it.

Shang continued reading.

"Several of my friends have probably reached the Mage Emperor Realm after my death. Since I am dead, it means that the Mana stored in my body has been freed up and returned to the world."

"It pains me to write this, but for the good of the world, they must be sacrificed when the time is right."

"The world can only support one God and one Emperor at any given moment."

"And that might not even be true for you, Successor. I don't know how much time has passed before you got hold of this letter, but the Abominations keep reducing the Mana in the entire world."

"It might be possible that the world can't even support that single additional Emperor anymore."

"You might need to kill everyone."

"It might even be impossible to gather enough Mana to reach Godhood, even if you kill everyone."

"I don't know, and that thought scares me."

"It would mean that the Abominations have won."

"I can just hope that it isn't too late yet."

"For the good of the world, we have to become sinners."

"I don't know what will kill me in the future, but it must be something of incredible power."

"I can only hope that you will find a way to overcome this hurdle and free the world of this disease."

Shang knew that hurdle very well.

The God.Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

By now, Shang could guess what happened back then.

Lucius became a God and tried to find a solution to the Abomination problem.

Then, the God and Lucius fought for some reason.

Maybe Lucius wanted to free up more Mana for the world by killing the God?

But he lost against him and died.

Shang could empathize with Lucius. Lucius wasn't a bad person. He was simply someone that had to commit horrible actions for the good of the world.

"I can only hope that you can do what I couldn't."

"To help you on fulfilling our wish, I have added a Spell to this letter. I have felt the hands of fate, and I am certain that the Spell will come into your hands at the same time as the letter."

Shang looked over at the book.

Sure enough, Lucius was right.

The Spell was here.

"I don't know which Path you tread, which is why I designed this Spell to be usable by every Path."

"This Spell was the very Spell that allowed me to become powerful and build friendships."

"I call it Humanity."

"I designed the base version of this Spell when I became a High Mage, but I have refined it over the next couple of millennia to its current state."

"Humanity allows you to choose up to two Elements, and when you use it, while the Spell is active, no one in the entire world can see your true Affinity."

"Not even Emperors."

"As long as the Spell is active, beasts, humans, and everything else will perceive you to be a normal human with your chosen Affinity."

"Beasts will no longer be overly aggressive towards you, and humans won't feel this feeling of alienation coming from you."

"With this Spell, your status as the Child of Calamity will remain hidden."

"However, take care, Successor. Just because people can't see your true Affinity doesn't mean that they can't know that you are the Child of Calamity."

"If Abominations keep randomly appearing around you, other people might suspect you, and they might end your life just to be cautious."

"You can't allow anyone to connect you to the Abominations."

"After telling you all of these things, I can only hope that you share my ideals."

"I can only hope that you wish for the world to survive and not see it destroyed."

"I wish for this letter never to appear in the world since it means that I have failed in my duty, but if it does, remember the following words."

"The world is not cold."

"The world is not your enemy."

"Treat the world how you want to be treated."

"I am Lucius Volstad, the Mage God, and I hope you will become more powerful than me in the future."

And then, the letter ended.

Shang took another deep breath.

Everything about this letter was shocking.

This letter represented the last words of one of the most powerful people that had ever lived.

Shang put the letter to the side and opened the book.

As Shang read through it, he was surprised.

The Spell was so easy!

However, the book was absolutely gigantic. It probably had thousands of pages only dedicated to this single Spell.

That was when Shang realized that the Spell wasn't actually easy but that Lucius had managed to simplify the insanely complex principles in the Spell to a ridiculous degree.

Creating such a Spell could only be done by an unimaginably powerful Mage, but the application of it was very simple and direct.

Shang took a bit over an hour to read the entire thing, and he had already understood it after reading it.

The God had put no Comprehension Spell on this book!

But Shang, a warrior, still understood it completely after reading it once!

Lucius was just that good at explaining the principles!

Shang closed his right eye and drew a complex diagram in his mind.

He followed the simple instructions to create the diagram and spoke some complex and ethereal words.

After around five minutes, Shang had created a diagram in his mind that was so huge and complex that no normal human could possibly remember it.

When Shang put the last line on the diagram, he also stopped the chant.

At that moment, the diagram in his mind shone for an instant before vanishing.

It had worked!

Shang felt the very subtle drain of Mana from his mind, but the drain of Mana was completely negligible. As long as his mind wasn't fully drained of Mana, the Spell would remain active.

Shang didn't even need to focus on the Spell since it worked autonomously. Additionally, Shang regenerated his Mana several times faster than the Spell was using it.

Shang didn't feel any different, but he knew that the Spell was taking effect.

From this day forth, Shang no longer needed to hide from the powerful beasts.

From now on, they would view him as a normal human.

If Shang could choose his reward again, he would definitely choose the same reward.

It was just that good!

After a while of thinking about the new possibilities this Spell opened up, Shang stood up.

The trial was over, and he had received his reward.

Now, it was time to return to the world and deal with the Council!