The atmosphere at the border tensed.

The warriors looked with determined but worried eyes at the enemy, while the Mages looked with calm and cold eyes at the warriors.

The pressure in the surroundings was intense.

Suddenly, everyone looked over at the wall.

Jerald slowly landed on the wall with a cold expression.

At that moment, the warriors grew hopeful as the Mages grew worried.

"Duke Whirlwind, according to the proposal you have given, you are not allowed to interfere in the war," the leading Mid High Mage said.

The Mid High Mage was more than worried when he saw Duke Whirlwind.

He knew that Jerald could tear their entire force to pieces on his own.

Jerald calmly looked at the Mages.

Then, he started hovering again and stopped in front of the wall.

Lastly, he turned to the warriors. "Warriors of the Storm Eagle Zone!" he proclaimed. "Today, you have shown that you are willing to fight for a brighter future for yourselves."

"In front of a seemingly overpowering force, you have not capitulated, and you have held steadfast. You are willing to risk your lives so that you and your descendants might live in greener lands with a brighter tomorrow."

"For that, you have my eternal gratitude and my respect."

Jerald bowed politely to the True Path Stage warriors on the walls.

After that speech, the True Path Stage warriors grew more confident. Their leader didn't seem worried, and that gave them hope.

"Your willingness to fight for a brighter tomorrow is everything I need."

"I don't need you to actually fight this battle."

"Today, none of you will die!"

When the warriors heard that, their jaws nearly hit the floor.

They didn't need to fight?

But how?

Why?

"Duke Whirlwind," the leading Mid High Mage said with a threatening tone as he summoned a Communication Crystal. "The main Council and the secondary Council are ready to work together to kill you if you join this war!"

Jerald scoffed as he turned to the Mages.

"I don't need to join this war to win," he said with confidence.

The Mages only furrowed their brows, but they also grew worried.

"The Council's obsession with protecting the prosperity of the Mage Path has blinded them to the strengths of other Paths."

"Is a Mage more powerful than a warrior? Possibly."

"Is a warrior more powerful than a Mage? Could be, but not on the average yet."

"Can I conquer the Skythunder Kingdom with 100 True Path Stage warriors? No."

"Can I conquer the Skythunder Kingdom with 100 High Mages? Maybe."

Then, Jerald smirked in disdain.

"Can I conquer the Skythunder Kingdom with a single warrior and three High Mages? Easily!"

Everyone was shocked when they heard Jerald's words.

What was he talking about?

How could four people compare to a hundred?!

"The Council is blind to the true potential of the warriors!"

"A warrior isn't at their strongest when they fight a Mage. No, they are at their strongest when they fight with a Mage!"

"Count Sword, it is time."

Count Sword?

All of these warriors were over 80 years old, and they had heard of Count Sword.

Count Sword was still alive?

The Mages furrowed their brows.

They had heard of a Count Sword in the past, but that was decades ago. Ever since then, this elusive warrior had never shown themselves again.

From what they remembered, Count Sword was also one of the reasons why the warrior's Star Map even existed.

A couple of seconds of silence passed.

Creeeaaak!

Then, the gigantic gates of the castle opened, and everyone looked over.

And when they saw who had opened the gates, their eyes widened.

How had they not felt this person with their Spirit Senses?!

They could see him with their eyes, but they couldn't see him with their Spirit Senses!

It was almost like this person wasn't real!

Shang's heavy and metallic footsteps echoed throughout the surroundings as he slowly walked through the gate.

But when the warriors and Mages saw him, they were surprised.

Initial True Path Stage?

However, for some reason, they also felt that he was dangerous.

But he was only at the Initial True Path Stage!

Shang's appearance was completely hidden behind his heavy set of black armor, making him appear like he wasn't even human.

It was like he was a walking piece of metal!

It was like he was a demon!

Eventually, Shang stopped in front of the wall as the gates closed behind him.

Jerald landed back on the wall and only watched with a malicious smirk.

It was time for revenge!

Shang slowly looked at the leader of the Mages, and he slowly drew his sword.

Right now, he was in his Long Sword State since Project Black Scythe was designed to be used in this state.

Of course, Shang was going to use his Darkness Element, but that didn't matter.Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

He knew that he would need to be careful in the outside world, but in the five Kingdoms, it didn't matter what kind of Affinity he presented himself with.

Today, he would show them what it meant for a Mage to fight someone that specialized in killing Mages.

Shang slowly lowered his sword.

It seemed like time was at a standstill.

The Mages went into formation and prepared themselves for a battle.

…

And then, it began.

SHING!

Shang vanished.

A black streak was left behind.

Several explosions echoed throughout the surroundings in such quick succession that it almost sounded like a singular explosion.

The eyes of the Mages opened in shock and horror.

They slowly turned around.

The black figure of Count Sword stood behind their leader…

And he held their leader's head in his left hand!

But what about his Mana Shield?!

He had activated his Mana Shield!

He couldn't have destroyed the Mana Shield in so little time!

Everything fell into a terrified and shocked silence.

Jerald gritted his teeth as fury appeared in his eyes.

He could finally vent all his hatred!

It was finally time!

This was not going to be a war!

This was going to be a one-sided slaughter!

Jerald was not here to fight his enemies to the death.

No, he was here to execute them!

And Shang was his executioner!