Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

An instant after Shang had killed the leader, he extended his arms to the side.

WHOOOOOM!

The surrounding kilometer was consumed by darkness!

Inside his armor, Shang's body had already shriveled to a terrifying degree, but a mere instant later, light blue water came out of his armor, and it immediately got absorbed by his body.

Shang's body regenerated in an instant.

At the same time, a grey cloud of pure Mana came out of his helmet and drilled itself into Shang's head, forcefully refilling the Mana he had wasted by using Shock.

In the isolated building a couple of kilometers away, two Mages furrowed their brows. One of them was channeling healing water into a Magic Circle, while another one was channeling grey Mana.

Count Sword had just used up a terrifying amount of life energy. If they hadn't been informed by Jerald prior to this, they would have been shocked.

SHING! SHING! SHING!

Several Mages used Mana Step as they escaped from the pitch-black domain.

In the next instant, they saw the black domain vibrate as streaks of aggressive black shot out of it and flew in random directions.

The Mages were in horror, and they readied all their Spells.

Then, they immediately unleashed them at the black domain.

The black domain was immediately destroyed, and the darkness vanished.

But what they saw only left a cold feeling of terror in their hearts.

Where the black domain had once been were now the scattered body pieces of three additional Mages!

Inside the building, the Mages were pouring in healing water and Mana like crazy.

BANGBANGBANGBANGCRACK!

A cacophony of rapid explosions echoed through the surroundings again, and the Mages looked over to see another one of their squad getting cut into pieces.

SHING!

A black streak appeared again.

BANG!

Another Mage died!

At that moment, the Mages' terror reached new heights.

Five of them dropped everything and used Mana Step to flee.

The other five launched Spells in panic at the horrifying black figure.

Yet, the figure was just too fast!

Even worse, they couldn't even follow it with their Spirit Sense!

Another black streak appeared, but this one led away from the Mages.

Silence.

An instant later, the Mages that were still willing to put up a fight felt one of their fleeing colleagues' life vanish, replaced by scattered body pieces!

Then, another one.

One more.

The last two managed to leave the area of the remaining Mages' Spirit Senses.

Silence.

Horrifying, terrible silence.

In the isolated building, the three Mages furrowed their brows.

"He left our area of effect," one of them said.

Two seconds of worried silence passed.

Then, the Magic Circles rebuilt the connection to Shang, and the two Mages immediately put more Mana and healing water into the circle.

Shang had lost quite a bit of life energy and Mana, but it was still manageable.

At that moment, the Mages on the frontlines felt more black streaks being left behind in their Spirit Sense, and they were rapidly advancing towards them!

"I surrender!" one of the Mages shouted in terror as he threw his Focus to the side and fell to his knees.

One of the other Mages exploded in anger when she saw that and unleashed her prepared Spells directly at the Mage that had surrendered.

The surrendering Mage had deactivated his Mana Shield as proof of his surrender, and if the Spells hit him, he would die.

WHOOOM!

Suddenly, all the Spells the Mage had unleashed vanished as the black figure appeared between her and the other Mage.

At the same time, the Mages in the isolated building had to pour even more healing water into the Magic Circle.

The area around Count Sword had transformed into a land of death.

Earth, air, water, light, darkness, everything around him vanished.

Then, another black streak appeared.

The Mage that had just unleashed her Spells died in an instant.

"I-I-I surrender!" another Mage shouted in terror as she fell back in tremendous fear.

"I surrender!" a third one shouted as he fell to the ground and cradled his head in his arms.

"I-"

BANG!

The Mage that hadn't surrendered was killed by Shang before she could.

Silence.

There were only three cowering Mages left.

The twelve other Mages had died.

The battle hadn't even taken ten seconds.

The warriors looked with shock at the area in front of them.

They couldn't believe that this was reality.

This was a force that would have killed all of them!

Yet, only a single warrior had killed them faster than even Duke Whirlwind probably could have!

This hadn't even been a battle!

This had been a one-sided execution!

At this moment, only a single thought went through all the warriors' minds.

This was true power!

This was the true power of a warrior!

Right now, Count Sword had stopped near the three cowering Mages.

He had stopped his assault, and he only stood there motionlessly.

It was almost like he had turned into a statue.

Then, he slowly turned his head and looked at Duke Whirlwind, who was still up on the wall.

Everyone else also looked over.

They knew what this meant.

Count Sword was asking for orders on how to deal with the three Mages that had surrendered.

Only a cold and apathetic light was visible in Jerald's eyes.

"If we hadn't had the power to protect ourselves, you three would have been more than happy to slaughter thousands of my people," he spoke coldly.

"Only when you witness true power did you decide to turn back."

"Remember this for your next lives."

At that moment, the three Mages' eyes showed pure terror.

"When you live by the sword, you die by the sword."

Shang turned to the three Mages.

Their eyes opened in horror, and they fell back.

They were in such a panic that they couldn't even formulate any Spells.

Shang readied his sword.

The Mages screamed and screeched in absolute terror.

"NO! PLEASE-"

"I'M SORR-"

"I DIDN'T-"

And their screams stopped abruptly one by one.

The warriors on the walls and the cuffed warriors in front of the walls took in deep and terrifying breaths.

Count Sword stood in front of the corpses, his armor and sword covered in blood.

Then, he turned to the cuffed warriors that had fled the battle before it began.

The warriors' faces whitened in terror.Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

He wouldn't kill them, right?

They were warriors!

They were part of the Storm Eagle Zone!

They were Duke Whirlwind's people!

The warriors looked with horror at Duke Whirlwind, but Duke Whirlwind only looked at them with disgust and apathy.

"Powerful people that are not willing to risk their lives for a brighter future are a disease to my Kingdom."

"If you are not willing to risk your lives for a brighter future, you do not deserve a future."

The cuffed warriors froze in terror.

Then, they looked at Count Sword.

Count Sword slowly lifted his sword.

Screams.

Terrified screams.

Yet, they all ended abruptly.

Three seconds later, Count Sword stopped in front of the wall again.

Jerald was watching the corpses with a burning fury visible in his eyes.

He gritted his teeth as his entire face tensed into a grimace of absolute fury and hatred.

'I will kill everyone that is responsible for your deaths, George, Mattheo!'

'I'll kill them all!'