Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Jerald waited for half a minute before putting his hand on Duke Torrent's head.

He attempted to read her mind, and he succeeded.

For the next five minutes, Jerald only remained silent with his hand on Duke Torrent's head.

Then, he pulled it back.

"You've offered me valuable information," Jerald said coldly.

Then, something appeared in his hands.

It was George's spear!

Jerald put the spear to Duke Torrent's head while tears rolled down the sides of her head.

She knew that she would die.

She didn't want to die!

But, at least…

"You don't need to worry," Jerald said. "Your loved ones will soon join you."

At that moment, Duke Torrent's eyes widened in horror.

CRACK!

The spear pierced through her head, killing her instantly.

Shang let go of the corpse's neck, and his head turned to Jerald.

"I lied," Jerald said with a sigh. "I don't plan on doing anything to her loved ones."

"I just wanted her last thoughts to be as horrible as possible."

Shang nodded and slowly stood up. "What did you find out?"

"I know now who is responsible for George's and Mattheo's deaths," Jerald said.

Shang's eye shone below the bloody armor.

"The Council made the decision for both, just as expected. They ordered Duke Torrent to get rid of both of them. I'm not surprised that she refused the Mind Read this fervently."

"Duke Torrent gave the specific orders to two different High Mages. The one that killed George is called Ralay, and the one that killed Mattheo is called Ugna. Both of them are part of Duke Torrent's people."

"Ralay is currently guarding the main city of the Deepwater Shark Zone, and Ugna is in the Northern Ice Wyvern Zone."

"With Duke Torrent's death, we killed the middleman. Now, we only need to kill the two agents and the Council. After that, our revenge will be complete."

Shang nodded. He could finally put a name to the person that killed George.

"Should I deal with them right now?" Shang asked.

Jerald nodded. "When they hear of Duke Torrent's death, they will immediately flee. We can't waste any time."

At that moment, Jerald threw George's spear to Shang, who caught it.

"George deserves his revenge. You should take out Ralay as quickly as possible."

After that, Jerald transmitted a description of Ralay to Shang.

"Before you leave, I have something else," Jerald said.

"Is it about the thing we've feared?" Shang asked.

Jerald nodded.

"It is as we thought, but we were already prepared for that eventuality," Jerald said. "Susan has already heard about your power, and she realized that she can't muster enough power to kill you without the Council interfering."

"Most of the Dukes are at crucial positions on the frontline, and if she moves even one of them, the Magic Purity Kingdom will launch a devastating offensive."

Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

"She is fighting a war on three fronts, and losing one of them means her death."

"Because of that, she decided to forsake her bright future and become an Archmage immediately."

Shang nodded. They had expected such a development.

"How long?" he asked.

"It will take her three months, which is shorter than expected," Jerald said. "I expected six to twelve months, but three months should also be enough."

"We have to achieve victory within three months, or we will have to face an Archmage, and we both know that I'm not powerful enough to fight against Susan while she is an Archmage."

Jerald looked deeply at Shang. Surprisingly, even in Jerald's current state of mind, Shang could still see genuine concern in his eyes.

"This is your last chance to back out," Jerald said. "I can directly assault the Council personally, and I have a chance at victory. The only reason why you are part of the plan is to save me from that danger."

"However, if Susan reaches the Archmage Realm, you know what you would need to do."

"If you were to flee the five Kingdoms right now, she wouldn't be able to find you, and I would assault the Council."

"But if you stay here, we have to win within three months, and if we can't win in that timeframe, you have to sacrifice something."

Shang took a deep breath.

If Susan reached the Archmage Realm, Shang would need to unleash Entropy and sacrifice something.

It was a risk.

Shang could directly flee without any risk, or he could risk part of himself to help Jerald.

Three months.

That was all the time they had.

"I'll remain," Shang said. "It's not only you that wants revenge, but me as well. Not only because of what happened to all the people I know but also because of myself. The Council has suppressed me as well, and I don't like being suppressed."

Jerald managed a weak smile. "Then, we are in this together."

Shang nodded. "We are."

For several seconds, none of the two said anything.

"Then, I will proceed with the next step," Jerald said.

Shang nodded. "I hope it works."

"It will," Jerald said with cold confidence. "I've been in this political game for far too long, and I know how everyone acts."

"Not everyone is like the Council, and not everyone supports what they do. There are still a few powerful High Mages out there that don't want to see the warriors being suppressed."

"Right now, they are afraid of joining since they believe that we will lose."

"But things will change very quickly when we are in a favorable position."

"Sometimes, when someone's life is on the line, they don't decide to bite back but decide to fall in front of you with their belly up."

Shang nodded again. "I hope so."

Jerald nodded back and took to the skies.

Shang cleaned up his bloody armor and ran back to the city. By now, his Spells had worn off, and he needed them renewed.

Shang carried George's spear in his hand as he traveled to the three High Mages.

At that moment, Shang looked towards the northeast with a shining eye.

"You will get another portion of your revenge in just a couple of minutes."

George's spear didn't answer.