Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Shang and the Mages traveled to the northeast for several minutes.

The Deepwater Shark Zone was adjacent to the Empress Cobra Zone, and it was also the place where Duke Torrent's mansion was. Of course, most of her belongings were in her Space Ring, which Jerald had taken.

There wasn't a lot of stuff in her mansion.

When they arrived at the Deepwater Shark Zone, they saw a gigantic lake, nearly 100 kilometers wide.

The city Shang was looking for was in the north of that Zone.

Shang got his Spells renewed once again and took to the sky. For today, he would use George's spear to fly.

Shang traveled high into the sky and stopped above the city.

From such a height, no one would be able to see Shang, and he was also outside Ralay's Spirit Sense.

However, Shang's Spirit Sense was much bigger, and he could see everyone.

'Ralay and two additional Initial High Mages.'

Ralay herself was an Early High Mage.

For a while, Shang looked at the city and created a plan to attack.

Eventually, he took out some ore, and Sword entered its Saber State.

Then, Shang took a deep breath and focused.

Up in the sky, he stood silently on George's spear.

Then, he angled George's spear so that he faced diagonally downward.

He pulled his Saber back and closed his eye.

He had to rely on his Spirit Sense for this one.

SHING! SHING!

Shang released two rapid Shooting Stars at different angles.

BANG! BANG! BANG!

Then, Shang accelerated downward by releasing several blasts.

The Shooting Stars were still faster than him by quite a bit.

Mere moments later, the three High Mages in the city looked upward.

The eyes of the two Initial High Mages opened wide in shock.

BANG! BANG!Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

However, Shooting Star was just too fast for them to react, and both Shooting Stars punched through their bodies and exploded.

Luckily, no people were beside them.

They hadn't even been able to use a Mana Step or Mana Shield.

By using Shooting Star from such a great distance, its power was several times weaker than normal. It wouldn't even be enough to injure an Initial True Path Stage beast.

However, Mages had fragile bodies, and it was still far more than enough to kill an Initial High Mage.

Both Mages died instantly.

Ralay looked with horror as two of her friends died, and she immediately activated Mana Shield.

That was when Shang entered her Spirit Sense, and she looked over.

When she saw the black armor, her face turned to terror.

Duke Torrent had informed her of Count Sword, and she knew that she couldn't win a fight against him.

SHING!

She immediately used Mana Step to flee, but Shang shot after her.

He used several Blasts to make him shoot toward her. That was far faster than using the Weapon Flying Technique.

Ralay used over eight Mana Steps in rapid succession before using another six to shoot in a different direction.

The first eight had taken her eight kilometers away, while the other six took her another six kilometers in another direction.

Her opponent would believe that she would continue running toward the north, but she was actually running toward the east now.

This maneuver cost her nearly 80% of her Mana reserves, but she had escaped.

Of course, she didn't know about the size of Shang's Spirit Sense.

With Shang's current speed, it only took him five seconds to enter her Spirit Sense again.

Ralay used more Mana Steps. Thankfully, five seconds had been enough to recover a lot of her Mana.

By now, she had entered the Zone northeast of the Deepwater Shark Zone, the Cloud Serpent Zone.

Sadly, Shang reached her even faster this time.

Instead of continuing to run, she decided to fight.

She didn't have enough Mana to escape Shang's Spirit Sense anymore.

By now, Shang was blasting forward on the ground, and he was a bit slower than before, but not by much.

When he was within a kilometer of Ralay, he pulled his Saber back.

Then, he threw it.

BANG!

Star Shatter!

Star Shatter immediately destroyed her Mana Shield, and Shang used Shock to arrive beside her in an instant.

Ralay released a Poison Bolt that had been prepared by her Focus, but Shang easily sidestepped it.

CRKSH!

An instant later, a spear pierced through her chest, with Shang holding its shaft.

"Look at the weapon," Shang slowly said.

He actually didn't need to order her. She already looked with horror at the weapon that had pierced her body.

She recognized it.

Then, Shang moved the spear upward with enough force to bisect her vertically.

She was dead.

For some seconds, Shang only looked at the corpse.

"Only the Council is left now," he told the spear.

Of course, he also had to deal with Ugna, who had killed Mattheo, but the spear probably didn't care about that.

The spear didn't answer.

Shang grabbed Ralay's Space Ring and destroyed the corpse.

Then, Shang turned around and ran back to the border of the Empress Cobra Zone.

There were more people he had to kill.

After returning to the Empress Cobra Zone, Shang and the three Mages traveled toward the northwest.

A couple of minutes later, they arrived at the three-way border between the Empress Cobra Zone, the Adamantite Behemoth Zone, and the Ice Wyvern Zone.

There were still no guards near the border.

Shang got his Spells renewed and took to the sky again.

He flew towards the Northern Ice Wyvern Zone and arrived at his destination three minutes later.

This was a newly built city, and Ugna was defending this place on his own.

The Skythunder Kingdom didn't have many High Mages to spare.

Shang made Sword return to its Saber State again.

Then, he shot Star Shatter at Ugna from seven kilometers away and blasted after it.

"Mana Shield!" he transmitted to Ugna with an urgent voice.

Ugna grew confused, but when he felt an impossible power come towards him at insane speeds, he followed the command and activated Mana Shield.

CRACK!

Star Shatter broke through the Mana Shield, and Sword pierced through the ground beside Ugna.

Ugna only looked with terror at the attack that had just consumed all his Mana.

Then, the sword began to hover and suddenly shot toward his torso.

CRKSH!

Ugna looked in terror at the Long Sword piercing his body.

Suddenly, he felt a powerful pull, and the Long Sword pulled him toward the sky.

Whenever he tried to use Mana, the Long Sword released some Darkness Mana that completely broke his concentration.

Two seconds later, he suddenly felt a powerful hand grab his throat, and he looked at the black figure in front of him.

'Far easier to make them waste all their Mana instead of chasing after them,' Shang thought.

Shang pulled Sword out of Ugna and used Darkness Absorb to keep him weak and helpless while taking away the Space Ring.

Then, he pulled him towards the Empress Cobra Zone.

Ugna couldn't even say anything due to all the terror and pain he felt.

Eventually, they landed in a seemingly random place.

However, they weren't alone.

Jerald was here as well, and he looked at Ugna with rage-filled eyes.

This was the person that had killed his son!

This was why Shang hadn't directly killed Ugna.

Shang threw Ugna forward, who landed weakly in front of Jerald.

The eyes of the two of them met.

One was filled with rage.

One was filled with terror.