Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

After the warriors took to the sky, they split up into four groups.

One group went to the northeast, one to the north, one to the northwest, and one to the west.

They reached a height of eight kilometers and continued flying for a couple of minutes.

The groups were entering the Deepwater Shark Zone, Adamantite Behemoth Zone, Northern Ice Wyvern Zone, and Ice Wyvern Zone.

As soon as the groups entered their respective Zones, they took out the Space Rings they had received from Jerald.

SHING!

A huge stack of papers floated around them. Even though warriors weren't Mages, their minds were still powerful enough to levitate some letters.

And then, the warriors scattered the letters across all four Zones.

Every warrior had received 5,000 letters, and they would distribute all of them. That was 25,000 letters per Zone.

With such a vast amount of letters, it would become impossible to bury their contents.

The High Mages in the Zones didn't even feel the warriors pass over them since they were outside the range of their Spirit Senses.

They only saw several letters slowly floating down.

Of course, the Mages immediately inspected the letters from afar to make sure that there wasn't a malicious enchantment on them.

There wasn't.

With their Spirit Senses, the High Mages could read the letters while they were still several kilometers above the ground.

All the High Mages read them, and the reactions were mixed.

Some of the High Mages became white in the face with horror and immediately destroyed all the letters they saw.

Some High Mages only looked at the ground in uncertainty and fear.

Some High Mages became shocked and looked at their colleagues.

Some of them looked at their colleagues with fear.

Some of them looked at their colleagues with cold gazes.

Even though many High Mages tried to get rid of all the letters, they had been scattered across the entire Zone.

Many commoners would read the letter they found in front of their door, in their fields, on the streets, or just anywhere.

It was impossible to bury its contents.

Its contents would spread across the Zones and even across the entire Kingdom.

The letters were all identical, and they had multiple parts.

The first part spoke about the Storm Eagle Zone's triumphs.

They had killed five Mid High Mages, 14 Early High Mages, and eight Initial High Mages without losing a single person in the Fourth Realm.

This already terrified many Mages, and some of them even refused that this could be real.

Then, the next bombshell dropped.

Duke Torrent had died, and Duke Whirlwind had read her mind.

The next part spoke in detail about what Duke Whirlwind had learned, including the Council's plan of making their Head reach the Archmage Realm.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

But the next part was even more shocking.

It was a plan of assault with dates and times!

Tomorrow at 12 pm, the Storm Eagle Zone would attack the Deepwater Shark Zone.

The day after, at the same time of day, they would attack the Ice Wyvern Zone.

The day after, the Northern Ice Wyvern Zone.

Then, the Adamantite Behemoth Zone.

Every day, Jerald would conquer one more Zone.

Many Mages thought that this was some kind of scheme.

No one would tell their opponent what they were going to do beforehand, right?

However, the letter wasn't over yet.

The next part spoke about what would happen to the inhabitants of the conquered Zones.

Everyone beneath the Third Realm was allowed to join Jerald's territory as a citizen without being inspected or questioned.

Everyone in the Third Realm would need to have their mind read by an Inquisitor.

The letter detailed what criteria someone was judged by and what the punishments were.

The next part of the letter was also its last part.

It spoke about the High Mages.

Jerald had read Duke Torrent's mind, and he knew the names of all the High Mages that belonged to her and what they had done.

Every name was individually listed with an added comment.

Julian: May join as a citizen without undergoing a Mind Read.

Herald: Will undergo a Mind Read, and if nothing surprising comes to light, will be put to work for 100 years.

Stanner: Will undergo a Mind Read but will very likely receive the title of Baron and a voluntary job as an officer in Duke Whirlwind's army.

Karmen: Will be put to death.

It named all the High Mages in this manner.

Then, the letter ended.

Even though the letter was supposed to alleviate the citizens' fears, they were still afraid of the war.

What if they died in the crossfire?

But that actually didn't matter.

The targets of these letters were the High Mages.

The High Mages that had been judged to be executed grew terrified, angry, and distanced themselves from their comrades.

They were afraid that their comrades would leave and betray them.

They grew incredibly suspicious of their previous comrades and became hostile.

The ones that had been judged to be put to work had lost expressions on their faces.

They, obviously, didn't want to be put to work for such a long time and lose all their wealth and status.

Most of those High Mages decided to fight against Duke Whirlwind's forces, but the previous group still suspected them with hostility.

The ones that had to undergo Mind Reads but were most likely safe felt either terrified or felt a complex mix of emotions.

The ones that were terrified knew that Jerald would find their secrets, and they would most likely die.

The ones that felt a complex mix of emotions felt this way due to the decision they had to make.

If they decided to resist and join their comrades, they would most likely die.

If they decided to go to Jerald's territory, they would be able to survive and continue living their current life, but they would be leaving their comrades behind.

Yet, most of them didn't trust the contents of the letter.

What if Duke Whirlwind only did this to split their forces and make them fight against each other?

They wouldn't trust these letters and would stay with their comrades.

…At least, that was the initial plan.

Over the next couple of hours, all their previous comrades looked at them with hatred, suspicion, and accusations.

They called them traitors!

In a big city in the Ice Wyvern Zone, it even went so far that three High Mages killed two other High Mages.

These three High Mages had been judged to be executed, and the other two could join Jerald's camp without any issues.

The two Mages had still decided to help their colleagues, but the paranoia of their colleagues was so great that they were killed.

In other cities, the angry and suspicious High Mages basically did their best to drive the other High Mages away.

Of course, that wasn't their intention.

They were simply so stressed, panicked, and angry that they had to vent their emotions somewhere.

In the next twelve hours, another two High Mages died, and two High Mages managed to flee to the Empress Cobra Zone.

Of the 18 High Mages left in Duke Torrent's former group, four had been killed, and two joined Duke Whirlwind.

Now, there were only twelve left.

The letters had shown their effect.

This part of the plan had proven to be a great success!