Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Three hours later, the warriors assaulted the Icy Wyvern Zone.

There had been two High Mages present.

The other High Mages had fled towards the north.

Of the two High Mages, one was accepted into Jerald's ranks, while the other one was executed.

The second High Mage had believed that his actions had always been reasonable in the past, but after reading his memories, Jerald didn't agree.

This was one of the High Mages that believed his actions were not his responsibility as long as he only followed orders.

Even after taking their third Zone, Jerald's army hadn't lost a single member.

In fact, they had gained several High Mages instead of losing anyone.

A couple of hours later, the next set of letters was created, and the warriors distributed it across the surrounding Zones.

By now, the High Mages grew panicked and tried their best to get rid of all the letters, but they couldn't destroy all of them.

Some of them still slipped through.

After that, the High Mages ordered the Mages to kill anyone speaking about the contents of the letters.

In just two hours, they had killed hundreds of civilians, terrifying the general public.

Over the next couple of hours, the civilians and even a sizable chunk of True Mages decided to leave.

Their commanders had lost their minds, and they didn't feel safe in their presence anymore.

This day, the letters included the fact that Sylvia Eternalfrost had joined Jerald with seven Mid High Mages.

That was a terrifying amount of power!

Even the most stubborn and fanatic people started to fear Jerald now.

Jerald might actually win this war!

Today, the biggest exodus of forces from the Skythunder Kingdom took place.

The letters from today had been the straw that broke the camel's back.

In just three hours, Jerald read the minds of 20 new High Mages!

Luckily, only two of them were executed, while only three were put to work.

The other 15 had been clean.

At the same time, fighting broke out in many different Zones.

Many Mages wanted to convince their friends to join them in going to Jerald's camp, but many of these friends were afraid of the things they had done in the past coming to light.

Their fear drove them mad and made them attack their friends.

Another ten High Mages had died in these battles.

In the beginning, Jerald had only had three High Mages below him.

The Skythunder Kingdom had had over 300.

Then, 15 died on the first assault, and another five joined them when Jerald took the Empress Cobra Zone.

One of them had been Duke Torrent.

Then, Shang killed another five High Mages when he had searched for revenge.

About 15 High Mages died in internal fighting over the next two days.

Eight Mages joined Jerald. This was Sylvia's group.

Then, another 20 Mages joined him.

The Skythunder Kingdom had lost nearly 70 High Mages in just three days.

70 High Mages!

By now, there were even some Zones that didn't even have a single High Mage within them since over 200 High Mages were stationed on the frontlines.

Finding a High Mage outside Jerald's territory had now become just as difficult as back when Shang had newly arrived in this world.

There was only one High Mage per several Zones.

Things looked dire for the Council.

The Council had always quickly given an answer after every set of letters, but this time, they remained silent.

They were probably arguing fiercely.

After Shang and Jerald saw the results, Jerald decided that the last phase of the plan could now commence.

He knew that the Council was desperate and that they would soon attack with everything they had.

They knew that if they waited, they would eventually be suppressed into nothingness. If they did nothing, Jerald would eventually stand in front of King Skythunder's castle with over a hundred High Mages, ready to combine their powers to create terrifying Spells that could even hurt the Council members.

At that point, it would be even more difficult to win against Jerald than if they had attacked him on the first day.

The Council was like a kettle ready to explode, and Jerald knew it.

He expected that they would attack tomorrow or a day later after they had gathered all the most powerful Mages in one last assault.

Jerald sent Shang out to scout the surrounding Zones, and after about an hour, Shang returned with all the locations of the High Mages.

After that, Jerald sent several warriors to go to places without any High Mages to surveil the True Mages with their Spirit Senses.

He was waiting for a sign.

And a couple of hours later, Jerald got his sign.

The warriors had overheard several True Mages talking with concern to their friends on the front.

The Skythunder Kingdom had launched several assaults at the Magic Purity Kingdom.

When Jerald heard that, he smirked.

This assault was to intimidate the Magic Purity Kingdom and dissuade them from attacking them for the next couple of days.

The Magic Purity Kingdom would need to consolidate its forces and ready a counterattack, which would take several days.

During these several days, the Skythunder Kingdom would not be under any threat of attack.

Of course, these assaults were costly.

Another 20 High Mages died just on this day alone, but they also killed around 20 High Mages of the Magic Purity Kingdom.

It had been a bloody battle.

After hearing about this, Jerald gathered Shang and Sylvia.

Originally, only Jerald was supposed to take part in this phase of the plan, but with Sylvia, Jerald could do even more damage.

Jerald told Sylvia and Shang about what he had planned for today.

Shang had already known about Jerald's plan, but Sylvia became very interested.

Her admiration of Jerald rose even more. She didn't directly announce it, but Shang could feel some happiness emanate from Sylvia.

She was probably excited that she could finally help Jerald.

After they discussed everything, Jerald took to the skies.

Shang transformed Sword into its Colossal Sword State and jumped on it.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Then, he looked at Sylvia.

Sylvia only smiled and lightly jumped on Sword's humongous body.

Sylvia couldn't fly yet.

And then, the two of them also took to the skies.