After the bolt of lightning was reflected by Shang, he immediately focused on the other two attacks.

Just as the enemy had predicted, Shang couldn't easily deal with these two Spells after dealing with the first one.

WHOOOM!

At that moment, Shang's surroundings began to turn into dust as he activated his Domain of Entropy.

At the same time, he put his Colossal Sword in front of him.

BANG!

Shang was blown into the distance by the flexible column of earth while the beam of fire had turned into pure Mana.

At the same time, all of Shang's skin and a lot of his muscles had been sacrificed to the Domain of Entropy, filling his armor with blood.

Shang immediately healed his body by using up nearly half of his life energy.

The Mages had only been distracted for an instant by the death of their companion, and they had already focused on Shang again.

While Shang was still flying away, healing water came out of his armor, refilling his life energy.

This was exactly why Shang had decided to destroy the second Spell with his Domain of Entropy instead of using his armor.

As long as his armor remained in one piece, he wouldn't run out of life energy anytime soon.

Shang landed around a kilometer away. The force of the pillar had truly been extraordinary.

But just an instant later, a wave of hard fire swept towards him, and Shang could also feel the air above him fill with Earth and Water Mana.

'They both use Spells associated with physical force. I can deal with energy-based Spells with Refraction and Reflection, but dealing with these kinds of Spells makes it very difficult to get close with my Colossal Sword.'

Shang's right eye shone.

BANG!

Then, he exploded to the side.

Due to the distance, Shang was fast enough to avoid the wave of hard fire, but the second Spells had already been prepared.

Shang could see something like clouds made of muddy earth being created above him, and a moment later, several terrifying spikes shot at him from the sky.

CLINK! CLINK! CLINK!

Shang continued running as he parried the spikes one by one. Without his augmenting Spells, he wouldn't have been able to do that.

But then, the next Spell had already arrived.

Several pillars of fire came out of the ground in front of Shang.

BANG! BANG! BANG!

Shang unleashed one Fire Blast after the other as he burst through the pillars of flame.

They had been terrifyingly hot, but Shang managed to keep his temperature on a safe level thanks to his Fire Blasts.

Luckily, there had been no Earth Mana inside these fire pillars.

Shang managed to get further and further away from the Mages.

The two Council members looked at Shang with narrowed eyes. They were supposed to kill their target first, and Shang's constant running away made that difficult.

They exchanged several plans with their Spirit Senses in an instant.

SHING! SHING!

They both vanished with Mana Step and arrived around 500 meters away from Shang.

Their Foci had already prepared their next set of Spells.

The Mages cast another two Spells before releasing all four of them at once.

Count Sword wouldn't be able to block all of that!

Shang could see several pillars of fire and earth shoot at him from several directions, and he also noticed two additional waves of earth and fire come at him from the side.

He could only block with his sword in one direction.

However, he had already expected something like this.

He had already reached his target, and these Spells didn't matter anymore.

WHOOOOOM!

At that moment, a gigantic explosion of light occurred that could be seen from tens of kilometers away.

However, this was only one explosion amongst many. After all, nearly 100 High Mages in total were fighting here. There were gigantic explosions everywhere.

Because of that, the huge explosion of light went unnoticed, except for the two Council members following Shang.

BOOOM!

Their Spells hit the huge dome of light, destroying a big part of it, but their Spells were still stopped in the end.

Deep inside the dome of light, Shang's body atrophied to a terrifying degree, but healing water arrived just an instant later.

At the same time, the light around Shang entered his Colossal Sword, which quickly started to burn with black fire.

The two Council members were still over 500 meters away, and Shang couldn't get there quickly enough.

But that didn't matter.

After using Brilliance, Shang ran forward and swung down.

Yes, Shang couldn't reach the Council members.

However, one had to remember that this wasn't a duel.

This was a war!

CRACK!

Under Dusk's impossibly powerful force, the Mana Shield of a Mid High Mage broke into pieces, and the Mage themselves was turned into dust.

Yes, this had been Shang's goal.

If he couldn't get close to the two Council members easily, he would simply go for someone else.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

The Mid High Mage that had just died had been fighting a warrior while one of the five Mid High Mages that defended the fortified building were helping him.

Due to the cacophony of destruction happening around everyone, the Mid High Mage hadn't noticed that the brilliant explosion beside him had been targeted at him. Additionally, Brilliance also distorted Spirit Senses, making it difficult to notice Shang's approach.

The warrior that had been fighting the Mage looked with shock at Count Sword.

Shang could see gratitude in his eyes.

BANG!

However, Shang had to blast away again as the two Council members resumed attacking him.

Luckily, the two Council members completely ignored the warrior. Shang was of much higher importance to them.

The warrior narrowed his eyes and charged at another Mid High Mage, who was currently pushing back another warrior.

At the same time, Shang was charging at the Council members again, his sword now in its Great Sword State.

As Shang charged at them, his body seemed to grow hotter and hotter.

Shang's entire body received severe burns, and it became more and more difficult for him to move.

The two Council members noticed that something was going on.

Count Sword's aura had grown unstable.

Nevertheless, they had already prepared their next set of Spells.

And then, Shang stopped.

The air around him warped as hot and cold fought each other.

Then, a pause.

For just a moment, everything seemed to stabilize around Shang.

WHOOOOOOOM!

A domain of extreme cold suddenly shot out of Shang's body, completely encompassing the surrounding two kilometers, including the Council members.

The domain had arrived in an instant, and they hadn't been able to react.

Their entire world turned into an icy hell, and they could feel their Mana slowly being drained as the icy coldness tried to get past their Mana Shields.

Shang had activated his icy domain.

New Moon!