Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

In the beginning, the Ice Mana in New Moon only consumed a bit of the Council members' Mana, but just a bit later, it started to rapidly consume their Mana.

All of the Ice Mana inside New Moon was rapidly moving at them.

It was almost like Shang wanted to drown them in it.

Usually, Shang used New Moon against beasts to make it easier to blast around and to use Frostbite and Piercing Cold, but these two attacks didn't help against Mages.

The power of these attacks was low, and they were aimed at breaking through armor, not Mana Shields.

Because of that, Shang was simply shoving as much Ice Mana as he could at them, consuming their Mana.

The two Mages were surprised that Shang could summon such a powerful domain of ice.

They hadn't heard about that ability before!

However, they were not inexperienced, and they knew how to deal with such domains.

SHING! SHING!

They both used Mana Step and retreated from the domain.

They had noticed that Shang's body had grown unstable before summoning this domain, which meant that it had cost him a lot.

The best option was to retreat until it vanished.

But when Shang saw them retreat, his right eye shone.

All the Ice Mana in New Moon stopped moving towards them, and Shang charged in a different direction.

A second later, Shang arrived at a different battlefield.

The constant explosions happening in his domain consumed his Ice Mana like crazy.

Shang quickly gathered all the Ice Mana inside New Moon and threw it at 30 of the Early High Mages fighting the warriors.

Domains were summoned all the time in such a war, and it was normal to be inside someone else's domain, even if they were not fighting the owner of that domain.

Because of that, the Mages ignored the domains they were in unless it was the domain of someone they were fighting currently.

The 30 Early High Mages realized that their Mana was rapidly being consumed, and their eyes widened in shock.

SHING! SHING! SHING! SHING!

All 30 High Mages used Mana Step and retreated from the domain.

In just this short second, Shang had already used up all of New Moon's Ice Mana.

He had thrown all of it at the Early High Mages.

He hadn't killed even one of them, but he was sure that he had consumed at least 10% of each Early High Mage's Mana and also forced them to abandon their current Spells in order to cast Mana Step.

The warriors didn't wait and immediately shot after the retreating High Mages.

They had the initiative now, and their opponents had been weakened slightly.

The Council members noticed that Shang had given another substantial helping hand to his allies and gnashed their teeth.

They were supposed to kill him, but he somehow managed to help his allies!

The two of them communicated via Spirit Sense and decided on a change of plans.

Their target was constantly running away from them and helping his army?

Fine!

Then, they would just do the same!

Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Their eyes focused on the battlefield with all the Mid High Mages and prepared their Spells.

Shang noticed that, and his right eye narrowed.

He pulled his Great Sword back, and it caught on fire.

Then, Shang shot a wave of black fire at them.

The two of them quickly noticed and used Mana Step.

They could feel the pure destructive power inside that attack, and getting hit by that would be bad.

The black wave of fire missed, and the two of them looked at the distant Shang.

He was currently three kilometers away from them, which wasn't an easy distance to bridge.

If they decided to attack him, they would need to use two consecutive Mana Steps to get close enough so that he couldn't avoid their attacks, and they knew that he would only retreat again.

In the end, they decided to focus on another battlefield.

BANG!

Suddenly, a spear of fire landed on one of their two Mana Shields, and they focused on Shang again.

How had he launched such a fast attack from so far away?!

Then, they noticed that several more Shooting Stars and Hidden Suns were already shooting at them.

Even though there was a great distance between them, the bodies of the two Mages were too weak to avoid Shang's ranged attack.

They would either need to block them with Spells, use Mana Step, or block them with their Mana Shields.

Meanwhile, Shang was fast enough to avoid their Spells from such a distance.

Even worse, he could even unleash his attacks while running!

The two Mages quickly conjured two forcefields in front of them and moved them around, destroying Shang's ranged attacks.

They specialized in fighting Mages, and Shang's ranged attacks were not difficult for them to block.

Three seconds of attacking and blocking passed.

They were sure that Shang had to run out of Mana at some point, even with the augmenting Spells. He was just unleashing too many attacks.

Another three seconds passed.

The Mages started to furrow their brows.

Their opponent didn't seem to grow tired.

They were sure that Shang had already unleashed over 200 ranged attacks, and the fact that he wasn't tired yet was shocking them.

One of the Mages noticed a glint of fire at the corner of his eyes and followed it with his Spirit Sense.

Then, his eyes widened in horror.

This was one of Shang's hidden attacks, and it wasn't shooting at them!

BANG!

The Shooting Star hit one of the Mana Shields of the Early High Mages.

How long?!

How long had their opponent been doing that?!

They had been so focused on dealing with Shang's ranged attacks that they hadn't paid attention to their surroundings. After all, even though they could block all of the attacks, they still had to concentrate on them.

Had Shang attacked other Mages all this time as well?!

Shang noticed the change in his opponents' eyes and snorted.

'They noticed, huh?'

Yes, Shang had been shooting at other Mages as well during the last four seconds.

Shang had landed around 25 hits on different Early High Mages during these four seconds.

Five of these shots had led to the immediate death of an Early High Mage, while the others had turned the tides of the individual battles.

When the two Council members noticed, their rage exploded.

They had been played for fools!

They immediately decided that they had to deal with Shang immediately!

First, they would-

WHOOOM!

Their eyes shot open as an impossibly fast black bolt of fire shot at one of them out of nowhere!

This attack was much faster than Shang's previous ranged attacks!

At the same time, they also felt the incredible power in this attack and knew that they couldn't allow themselves to get hit by it!

SHING! SHING!

They both used Mana Step to avoid the attack.

Shang smirked.

Star Shatter suddenly started to change direction mid-flight!

One shouldn't forget that Sword could control its trajectory to some degree.

BANG!

An ear-shattering collision reverberated throughout the surroundings as Star Shatter hit a Mana Shield.

But the Mana Shield was still in one piece.

However, the owner of the Mana Shield's face turned white in shock.

That had just consumed 30% of his Mana!

An instant later, a needle of ice shot at him.

He gritted his teeth, canceled his Spell, and used Mana Step to evade to the side.

His opponent glanced at Shang and smiled.

"Thanks," Sylvia transmitted.

She had been on the defensive this entire time due to her opponent's powers, but Star Shatter had more than equalized the playing field.

In fact, she had the advantage now!

The two Council members noticed what happened, and their shock and anger grew.

First, Shang had killed a Mid High Mage.

Then, he had interfered with the Early High Mages' battles several times.

And now, he had interfered in Sylvia's battle!

He had impacted every battlefield except for Jerald's!