Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

This was bad!

Shang had interfered with so many different battlefields!

If they didn't put a stop to it, they would lose the entire war!

The two Council members communicated with each other and decided to go all out.

They had been fighting with a neutral expenditure up to this point, only using as much Mana as they were regenerating, which was also why they were both at 100% of their Mana capacity.

They had thought that they could deal with Shang while still having enough Mana to help the others directly after that, but that wasn't the case.

If they wanted to deal with Shang, they would need to burn through their Mana!

They would no longer hold back!

SHING!

But before they could form a plan, Shang suddenly appeared between the two of them after leaving behind a black streak.

Shock!

Sword entered Shang's hand after flying back.

Shang had made full use of all of his abilities to impact the other battlefields, and now, he was in his Long Sword State.

BANGBANGBANGBANGBANG!

Shang unleashed Anger and hit the Mana Shield of one of them five times before he could even react!

At the same time, Shang's body atrophied considerably, but his armor was healing him.

SHING! SHING!

BOOOOOOM!

A humongous explosion appeared at the place where Shang had just been.

The two Mages had released both their Spells on that spot, and if Shang hadn't retreated with two Shocks, he would have died just now.

At the same time, an Early High Mage opened her eyes in shock.

Where did that warrior come from?!

How had he gotten so close to her?!

Shang's expression didn't change.

He hadn't retreated in a random direction.

BANGBANGBANGCRACK!

After arriving beside the Early High Mage, Shang used Anger, destroying her Mana Shield in an instant.

SHING! SHING!

Shang used another two Shocks.

The eyes of one of the Council members opened in shock as Shang arrived in front of them again.

They had just released their Spells, but Shang had retreated, killed an Early Mage, and returned in less than a second!Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

This was ridiculous!

If Shang were fighting alone, all of the Mana in his mind would have already been used up since he had used Shock five times already.

However, Shang had contacted the three Mages in the fortified building just as he entered his Long Sword State and had told them about his plan.

For the next five seconds, they would pour as much Mana and life energy into the Magic Circles as they could, keeping Shang at his peak.

However, they would run out of Mana after the five seconds were up.

Shang's expenditure of life energy and Mana was crazy!

BANGBANGBANGBANGBANG!

Shang hit the Mana Shield of one of the Council members again with Anger.

The Council member realized with horror that 20% of his Mana had already vanished, and he used Mana Step to retreat.

At the same time, the other Council member released a terrifying wave of fire at Shang, who was only a couple of meters in front of him.

SHING SHING!

BANGBANGBANGCRACK!

SHING SHING!

The Council member gritted his teeth in hatred.

Shang had just retreated, killed another Early High Mage, and came back again!

But just as Shang arrived in front of the Council member again, the Council member's Focus exploded with a violent wave of fire and earth.

However, Shang had already expected that.

SHING! SHING! SHING! SHING!

This time, Shang used Shock four times in a row.

Then, Shang looked at the person in front of him.

The person noticed Shang and narrowed their eyes.

Their hand pointed at Shang in an instant.

BOOOOOOOOOOM!

Abyss Cometh!

Yes, Shang had just arrived in front of Susan.

SHING! SHING! SHING!

Of course, Shang was already retreating again.

He had never intended to attack Susan.

He knew that he wouldn't be able to fight her on his own.

BANG!

An instant later, a terrifying, spiraling bolt of green lightning hit one of the Council members near Susan and threw him into the distance.

Susan narrowed her eyes.

She had wasted one of her offensive Spells on Shang just now, giving Jerald an opening.

Susan quickly focused on Jerald again and continued casting Spells.

Even though Shang hadn't done anything really, his actions resulted in one of the Council members losing around 40% of their total Mana.

SHING!

Shang arrived in front of one of his opponents again.

BOOOOOM!

The area around Shang exploded again before he could attack.

SHING! SHING!

He arrived in front of his other opponent.

BANGBANGBANGBANGBANG!

The other member had been two kilometers away, and he hadn't had a Spell prepared to deal with Shang when he was so close to him, leaving him open to Anger.

The Mage quickly created another Spell and unleashed it.

BOOOOM!

SHING SHING!

Shang retreated with another two Shocks.

BANGBANGBANGBANGBANG!

Sylvia's opponent's face whitened as he suddenly felt 20% of his total Mana vanish.

At the same time, the two Council members fighting Shang gritted their teeth so violently that blood flowed out of their mouths.

He was playing with them!

Earlier, they had chased him, and he had interfered with other battlefields!

Then, they had decided to also interfere, but Shang completely stopped them!

Lastly, they decided to go all out, but Shang was so insanely fast that they couldn't catch him!

The two of them had to prepare powerful close-range Spells to kill Shang as soon as he came close to them, but whenever they unleashed them, he would just run to a different battlefield, interfere, and return again!

They couldn't kill Shang because he was retreating all the time!

They couldn't interfere with other battlefields because, if they did, Shang would hit them with his horrifying barrage of attacks!

There was nothing they could do!

He was simply too fast!

This was so frustrating!

They had to put a stop to this!

No matter the cost!

Fire suddenly appeared around the Fire Mage's body, burning everything in the surrounding 100 meters to ash.

Fire also appeared in his eyes, and he looked at Shang.

SHING!

Shang arrived in front of the other Council member.

SHING!

Then, the other Council member arrived in front of Shang at the same time.

The Council member's hand shot forward, right at Shang.

SHING!

Shang retreated.

SHING!

The other Council member used Mana Step again and arrived in front of Shang again.

SHING!

SHING!

SHING!

Shang kept retreating while the Council member kept chasing.

If Shang stopped, he would be hit by a terrifying Spell.

Shang could no longer interfere with any other battlefield.

"I'm nearly out of Mana!"

At that moment, Shang heard the message from the Mage responsible for refilling the Mana in his mind.

Shang had used way too many Shocks.

Even a High Mage's Mana reserves would run out at this point.

"What about you?" Shang asked the Mage responsible for refilling his life energy.

"I still have about 50% left."

"Okay, be ready to use all of that now."

"Understood," the Mage answered.

SHING!

Shang used one last Shock.

SHING!

The burning Mage appeared in front of Shang again.

Shang's stance lowered as his arms strained.

The burning domain around him turned to pure Mana as the earth around him turned to dust.

Sword began to burn with black fire.