Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The intense fire around Shang vanished just as Shang's skin began to vanish.

The Mage extended his hands forward.

His Focus and his body were shining with incredible amounts of Fire Mana.

Shang narrowed his right eye.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

A humongous explosion appeared.

The Magic Circles of Shang's armor appeared and blocked the attack.

At this moment, Shang had decided to use his armor to block the attack while his Domain of Entropy took care of the fire domain.

And then, Shang's sword shot forward.

Silence!

BANGBANGBANGBANGBANG!

Five rapid strikes occurred, and Shang's body was beginning to vanish.

However, a wave of healing water came out of his armor, healing his body in an instant.

The Mage supplying Shang with life energy was pouring everything he had into it.

Then, the Mage moved his burning hand forward again.

Shang gritted his teeth.

WHOOOOM!

His Domain of Entropy canceled the huge explosion, but half his body vanished again, the healing water healing it in an instant.

BANGBANGBANG!

CRACK!

All the fire vanished.

The Mage's face turned white.

His Mana Shield just broke!

Shang's left hand moved forward, grabbing the Mage's throat.

SHING!

BOOOOOOM!

Shang vanished with the Mage in his hands as a terrifying spire of stone shot out of the ground where Shang had just been.

The Mage in Shang's arms atrophied until he was a dry husk of a corpse.

The Council member was dead!

His fire domain, Explosion Spells, and his constant use of Mana Step had severely depleted his Mana reserves.

It had only taken nine hits with Silence to consume his remaining Mana.

The other Council member realized with horror that his colleague had died.

However, he also noticed that Shang's weapon had gotten even smaller than before.

By now, it was only as long as a short sword.

Additionally, Shang had used so much Mana in the past seconds that it bordered on ridiculousness.

He knew that Shang was nearing his end.

"Status?" Shang asked the Mages in the building.

"I'm out," the Mage responsible for refilling the Mana in Shang's mind answered.

"20% left," the Mage responsible for healing Shang answered.

The third Mage was only responsible for keeping the Magic Circles active and directing all the Mana.

"Be ready to use the last 20%," Shang said.

BOOOOOM!

SHING!𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Another huge explosion of earth appeared below Shang just after he retreated with Shock again.

SHING! SHING! SHING!

Shang used three Shocks in succession.

This time, the Mana in his mind didn't get refilled.

After using the third Shock, Shang arrived beside another Mage.

The area around Shang seemingly turned into nothingness as he activated his Domain of Entropy again.

"Eternalfrost!" Shang transmitted to Sylvia.

Yes, Shang had arrived in front of Sylvia's opponent again.

The Mage hadn't been prepared for Shang to get involved yet again.

He had to put 100% of his concentration into fighting Sylvia, or he would lose.

When he noticed Shang arrive beside him, he gritted his teeth and canceled his Spell.

He used Mana Step-

…

It didn't work!

His Mana Step didn't work!

Shang's body atrophied again.

Mana Step!

Mana Step!

Mana Step!

The Mage used ten Mana Steps in a row, but none of them worked!

Shang's skin and most of his muscles had vanished.

Even though he was being bathed in healing water, his body was vanishing too quickly!

BANG!

A needle of ice broke past the Mage's Mana Shield, turning his body into multiple pieces.

"I'm out!" the Mage responsible for the healing water told Shang.

At that moment, the healing water stopped while Shang's body had only recovered to half of its peak condition.

Shang gritted his teeth.

SHING!

BOOOOM!

Shang used one last Shock to disappear from the place where he had just been, and just an instant later, that place exploded with earthen spires again.

Shang grimaced.

His body was still atrophied to a considerable degree, and he had overdrafted the Mana in his mind with that last Shock.

Sword had turned into a short sword.

The defenses of his armor had already been used up.

Then, Shang saw another earthen spire shoot at him.

SHING! BANG!

Someone appeared between Shang and the spire, throwing the spire to the side.

"This one is more to my liking," Sylvia told Shang with a smirk.

The Council member with the Earth Element gritted his teeth as Sylvia appeared between him and his target.

An instant later, humongous icicles and gigantic boulders appeared above Sylvia, which quickly shot at the Council member.

Another battle broke out, and Shang only breathed heavily.

He was spent.

Shang inspected his surroundings and noticed that everyone was still busy fighting.

Sylvia was fighting one of the three Council members that had attacked Shang.

The battle against the Early High Mages would soon be over. Shang's involvement had resulted in the Council losing double the number of soldiers as Jerald.

However, the battle against the Mid High Mages was still very brutal and close.

Right now, nobody was focusing on Shang.

When he saw that, Shang summoned a big piece of ore and stabbed Sword into it.

Shang closed his right eye and focused on the Mana in the air.

A couple of seconds passed.

Then, some healing water and Mana came out of Shang's armor again.

"I'm at 40%," the Mage responsible for the Mana said.

"I'm at 30%," the Mage responsible for the healing water said.

At that moment, Shang was happy that High Mages could recover their Mana at such a rapid rate.

Shang returned to his peak condition again.

CRK!

He pulled his Colossal Sword out of the ground beside him and held it up.

Then, his right eye narrowed as he looked in a certain direction.

BANG! BANG!

Shang used several Blasts in a row to accelerate.

A moment later, the light around him distorted, making it appear like there were several Shangs charging forward.

Some light gathered on the tip of Shang's Colossal Sword.

The next moment, someone turned to Shang, and their eyes narrowed.

Shang also looked forward, and their eyes met.

Susan and Shang looked at each other.

Susan prepared a Spell.

And black fire appeared on Shang's Colossal Sword.