Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

SHING!

Shang had to use Shock once more to avoid another one of Susan's Spells.

SHING!

And then, Shang used his fifth and last Shock to retreat even more.

Shang was completely out of Mana, and his head hurt like hell.

Then, he saw Susan prepare another Spell in the distance.

BANG! BANG! BANG!

Shang used three Blasts to shoot to the side.

BANG!

His left shoulder was blasted off by another black streak.

Luckily, Shang had been far enough away to avoid being hit in the head.

SHING!

But then, Susan used Mana Step to get closer to Shang.

There was no way for Shang to avoid the next Spell, but he tried anyway.

Ding.

Shang heard something quiet hitting something else.

However, that tiny sound had managed to slightly disturb Susan's concentration, her black streak only obliterating the lower left side of Shang's head.

Luckily, his brain was uninjured.

Susan's brows furrowed, and she looked to her right.

A spear had just hit her Mana Shield.

It hadn't even consumed 1% of her Mana, and the attack had been pathetically weak, but it had resulted in her missing her killing blow.

Shang also noticed the spear.

It was George's spear!

It was impossible to communicate with the spear as long as one wasn't a similar weapon or its owner, but Susan and Shang could somehow still feel the spear's feelings.

"I hate you!"

This was what they felt coming from it.

Susan only snorted.

Then, her hand pointed at the spear.

BOOOOOOM!

George's spear turned into dust as Abyss Cometh consumed it.

George's spear had followed him to the grave.

Then, Susan focused on Shang again.

Suddenly, Shang's body was gripped by several brown tentacle-like things.

Susan shot another Spell at him.

BANG!

Everything below Shang's chest was obliterated again, thanks to the tentacles. Without them, Shang's head would have been destroyed.

Shang's pitiful and heavily injured body was thrown away from Susan, and he used his last bit of Mana and life energy to heal his organs. Without his organs, he wouldn't be able to condense more life energy, which would mean that he would die from his injuries.

Susan frowned and looked at the person that now stood between her and Shang.

It was Sylvia.

"It's my turn now to help you," Sylvia transmitted to Shang with a smirk.

Susan's Spirit Sense encompassed the battlefield at this moment.

She didn't like what she saw.

All the Early High Mags had died, and her Mid High Mages were severely outnumbered.

Jerald had already killed two of the Council members that had been fighting him in the short time Susan had been occupied with Shang.

"The war is lost," Susan transmitted to Sylvia and Shang.

"I will die soon."

Then, her Spirit Sense focused on Shang, and he could feel a terrifying murderous intent come from Susan.

"But not before I kill you," she stated with a cold voice.

BANG!

An icy needle exploded on Susan's Mana Shield.

"Don't talk during a battle, Susan," Sylvia said with a grin.

Susan's expression didn't change.

CRRRRR!

Then, a terrifying amount of burning Darkness Mana began to surround her.

SHING!

And she arrived directly in front of Shang!

SHING! BOOOOOM!

Sylvia arrived between Shang and Susan, Abyss Cometh hitting Sylvia's Mana Shield.

CRACK!

Sylvia's Mana Shield broke apart, and Abyss Cometh shot at her.

At that moment, Shang grabbed Sylvia and pushed himself in front of her.

CRRRRRR!

The outside of Shang's body vanished, but he knew that he could take the Spell. After all, it had just wasted enough power to break through a Late High Mage's full Mana Shield.

Sylvia and Shang were blasted into the distance.

Both of them were still alive.

Frustration appeared on Susan's face.

SHING!

She arrived in front of them again and pointed her hand at them.

CRACK! CRACK! BANG!

Yet, three of Sylvia's Mid High Mages appeared in front of them, overlapping their Mana Shields.

Abyss Cometh broke through two Mana Shields, but the third one managed to block it.

Now, there were five weak people in front of Susan.

"RAAAAH!"

CLINK! CLINK! CLINK!

Suddenly, three warriors appeared around Susan, attacking her Mana Shield with their weapons.

DING! DING! DING!

Additionally, even more weapons were thrown at her from a distance.

All the warriors that Susan considered worthless ants were now attacking her.

They didn't deal much damage, but their intent was clear.

They were going to kill her, even if it killed them!

Susan gritted her teeth in rage, but her eyes never left Shang.

Count Sword was the reason for all of this!

Susan ignored all the attacks and created her next Spell.

She would die, but she would take Count Sword with her!

Then, Susan pointed her hand at the five weak people in front of her.

CRRRRRRRRR!

The ground shook as a humongous drill made of wind and lightning hit the side of Susan's Mana Shield.

The sheer power of this attack was unreal!

Susan released Abyss Cometh, but the impossibly powerful drill threw her to the side, making her attack miss.

BANG! BANG! BANG!

Swathes of lightning battered the ground around the five weak people, and a figure clad in lightning and wind landed between them and Susan.

Jerald's eyes reflected the image of an apocalyptic storm as he glared at Susan.

Susan looked at Jerald after landing in the distance.

Then, she looked with hate at Shang.

She spat to the side, a rare showing of emotion from her.

"Lucky shit," she said.

After that, a terrifying amount of Darkness Mana gathered around her.

Jerald only watched.

BOOOOOOOM!

And Susan exploded.

She had killed herself.

Except for a couple of distant explosions, everything returned to silence.

For three seconds, nobody moved or said a thing.

Then, a Mage arrived beside Shang and cast a Spell.

Shang's body was bathed in healing water by the Mage that usually sent the healing water to him via the Magic Circles.

Shang's body rapidly healed.

At that moment, Jerald turned around and focused on the last Mages of Susan's army.

CRK! CRK!

Bolts of lightning crackled in the sky as the wind pushed them forward.

BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG!Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

The last five Mid High Mages of Susan's army were killed in an instant by the bolts of lightning.

The mood was still tense, and the atmosphere was still oppressive.

However, that would soon change.

"Everyone, we won!" Jerald announced with his Spirit Sense.

"The Council and its supporters are dead!"

And then, the warriors cheered loudly.