Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

King Skythunder, Shang, and Jerald walked for a couple of kilometers in silence.

When they were outside everyone else's Spirit Sense, they stopped.

King Skythunder turned to Shang. "Reapply your Spell."

"That might take a couple of minutes, my King," Shang said.

"Then, we'll wait a couple of minutes," King Skythunder answered.

Shang nodded and focused on casting Humanity.

"Also, I won't be your King for much longer. My name is Agon Skythunder. You can just call me Agon," Agon said.

"And stop with all this bowing nonsense. I'm sick of it."

Jerald and Shang looked with surprise at Agon Skythunder.

"Okay, Agon," Shang said.

"Thank you, Agon," Jerald said with a smile.

Agon only nodded.

After that, Shang focused on Humanity and began to draw some lines in the air with his finger.

Jerald and Agon could see which lines Shang was drawing, but the full diagram and where the lines would be placed were in Shang's mind, which meant it was invisible to them.

Out of interest, Jerald and Agon looked at the lines Shang was drawing, but they gave up after the eighth line or so.

The lines Shang was drawing seemed to follow no rhyme or reason.

They had no idea where Shang would place these lines.

Shang created thousands of lines, surprising both Jerald and Agon.

Shang could cast a Spell that required this many lines?

The most complex Spell Agon knew didn't even have a quarter of that.

How could a warrior remember such an intricate diagram?

After around five minutes, Shang was finished with the Spell, and it entered his mind once again.

Agon watched Shang with interest as the hostile aura Shang gave off vanished.

No matter how hard Agon tried, it was impossible for him to connect the current Shang to the hostile aura he had just stopped emanating.

Shang opened his eye again and looked at Agon. "I'm done."

"Good," Agon said with a nod.

Then, he summoned a Communication Crystal and looked at it for a couple of seconds.

He put the Communication Crystal away. "He should be here soon."

Shang and Jerald looked at each other with a bit of confusion.

BANG!

Suddenly, a couple of seconds later, a white lightning bolt hit the ground beside Agon.

Shang and Jerald looked in shock as a person stepped out of the small crater.

It was a young man with white hair and simple white robes.

However, the power he was emanating was unreal!

Agon seemed like a tiny firefly beside the raging sun.

The young man looked at Agon, who only gestured to Jerald with his head.

The young man looked at Jerald for a couple of seconds without saying anything.

At that moment, Jerald grew nervous.

"Did you reach the High Mage Realm after comprehending two Concepts?" the young man asked.

Jerald looked surprised. "Yes, how did you know?"

The young man only nodded and summoned a stack of papers.

After that, some lightning bolts hit the pieces of paper in front of him in different places.

"You comprehended a Complex Level Two Concept before comprehending a Pure Level Two Concept?" he asked.

Jerald was a bit confused about the terminology, but he could guess what it meant based on context clues.

"Yes, I call it Storm," Jerald said.

"Show me," the young man said emotionlessly.

Jerald lifted his right hand and summoned a small storm cloud in it.

The young man looked at it and nodded while more lightning hit the pieces of paper in front of him.

"The proper name for this Concept is Summer Drizzle," the young man said.

Jerald looked with surprise at the young man, but he quickly realized that he probably hadn't been the first one to combine these Concepts. It was actually logical for this Concept to already have a name.

After a couple more seconds, the lightning stopped hitting the sheets of paper, and the young man nodded.

"Everything looks fine. You're eligible for the position," the young man said.

"What position?" Jerald asked.

The young man furrowed his brows. Then, he looked at Agon with annoyance, who only grinned.

The young man could only sigh.

"The position of Assistant Supervisor," the young man said. "I'm the Supervisor of Area 23, the place that you know as the five Kingdoms. As an Assistant Supervisor, you will assume the role of one of five Kings."

Shang's and Jerald's eyes opened wide in shock.

King?!

They looked over at Agon, who only shrugged. "As you've said, Jerald. My shift will be over soon."

"Thank the Mage God," the Supervisor grumbled.

Agon didn't comment.

"But, sir," Jerald said. "Aren't Kings supposed to be in the Archmage Realm?"

"Don't call me sir," the Supervisor grumbled with annoyance. "We'll be working together from now on. Call me, Relon."

"Okay, Relon," Jerald said. "I thought Kings were supposed to be in the Archmage Realm."

"Change of policy," Relon answered. "With the recent resurgence of the secondary Paths, we decided to employ Peak High Mages as Assistant Supervisors from now on. That makes it seem like the Mages are not that untouchable to the secondary Paths."

"And the other Kings?" Jerald asked.

"They will leave together with Agon soon. We will stage a big battle, and the public will think that all the Archmages died in one big fight. Due to the imbalance of forces, the current Assistant Supervisor of the central area will also be taking several Peak and Late High Mages with him, saving the other areas from destruction."

Shang and Jerald felt a bit uncomfortable at this moment.

They had known that all of this belonged to the Lightning Manor and that everything was orchestrated to some degree, but seeing it happen right in front of them still felt unreal.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

The Magic Purity Kingdom was like the big antagonist for the Skythunder Kingdom. It felt like a powerful and cruel giant.

Yet, a humongous portion of its forces would simply leave the five Kingdoms soon.

Just like that.

"Read through this and sign it," Relon said as the stack of paper floated over to Jerald.

Jerald was still a bit perplexed, but he read through the sheets of paper.

But the more he read, the more his eyes widened.

These sheets of paper explained absolutely everything about Area 23 and why it even existed in the first place!

"Is he your plus one?" Relon asked as he looked at Shang.

Jerald looked up from the piece of paper in surprise.

Then, he remembered that he had just read about the part in the contract that spoke about the option to have one more person work for the Assistant Supervisor.

This also explained how Miriam, the Archduke, was connected to Agon.

She was his plus one.

"Yes, he is," Jerald said.

Shang only looked at Jerald with a raised eyebrow.

Relon nodded and took out a second stack of papers.

This one was much smaller than the first stack, and he quickly filled it out as well with his lightning.

Then, the second stack of papers floated over to Shang, who also read it.

The more Shang read, the more his eye opened as well.

This answered so many questions!