Shang and Jerald had to raise an eyebrow at the payment.

"The pay is a bit… strange," Jerald said.

"The pay is worth it," Agon spoke up from beside the Supervisor. "In the outside world, all the resources in the Fourth Realm are plundered by Archmages, and all the resources of the Fifth Realm are plundered by Ancestral Mages. These resources are worth a lot and the more powerful Mages sell them to the Mages that actually need them."

"But here, you have none of these Mages. Remember that there are Archbeasts and Ancestral Beasts in this place, and their presence creates powerful and useful resources. I have plundered so many herbs and ores that only grow in the presence of the Zone Beasts that I have been basically shooting through my Concepts," Agon explained.

"Archbeasts?" Shang asked.

Agon nodded. "In the outside world, the beasts are named after the Mage Realms starting at the third Realm. True Beasts, High Beasts, Archbeasts, and so on."

Shang nodded. "Makes sense."

Jerald scratched his chin as he looked at the contract.

"Even better," Agon added with a smirk, "it doesn't matter how much you work. It only matters how good your results are."

On the side, Relon only snorted.

He had seen how Agon had basically pawned off all his duties to the Council while getting paid for doing essentially nothing.

He wasn't the biggest fan of that.

"Am I being allowed to reach the Archmage Realm during my employment?" Jerald asked.

"No," Relon answered. "If you reach the Archmage Realm, you will be fired."

Jerald furrowed his brows.

"Then, I will choose to be contracted for 100 years," Jerald said.

"Smart choice," Agon said with a smirk.

If the Assistant Supervisor managed to fulfill their duties for 50 years, they were allowed to leave with all their possessions and gains.

However, if an Assistant Supervisor managed to fulfill their duties for 100 years, they would also be eligible to participate in the Lightning Manor's entrance exam for talented Archmages.

This opportunity was worth a lot. After all, if one managed to join the Lightning Manor, their path to power would essentially be free of obstacles.

Of course, getting through the entrance exam was beyond difficult.

Just the most basic requirement was to have reached the High Mage Realm with two Concepts already comprehended and to have reached the Archmage Realm with two level two Concepts already comprehended.

That was just the most basic requirement.

Right now, Jerald only knew one level two Concept, which was the Concept of Summer Drizzle.

Jerald was sure that he could comprehend the level two Pure Concept for Wind, which was Breeze, in the next two decades.

But he also planned on comprehending a third one during his employment here.

After that, he would enter the entrance exam of the Lightning Manor.

"Is it possible to alter the plan of how Area 23 is being run?" Jerald asked.

"I'm the one that decided on everything," Relon said. "If you have a good suggestion, I have the power to put it into effect."

Jerald nodded. "That's good to hear."

Then, Jerald signed the contract and looked at Shang. "How about you?"

Shang signed the contract without hesitation.

"Sounds good," he said.

As a plus one, Shang sadly didn't get any of the additional rewards that Jerald would get, but he would still be free to plunder the lands.

Wasn't this literally what the God said to do?

The God had said that when one was amongst the strongest in a given area, it was best to plunder it for everything it was worth and leave.

Additionally, Shang's job was more than easy to complete.

Shang knew that Jerald would rule over the entire Kingdom and manage everything personally. He wasn't like Agon, who only watched while his Kingdom was being run by others.

Shang would only need to help on the frontlines a couple of times, and when he wasn't in the frontlines, he could do whatever he wanted.

With the Council gone, Shang could finally go wherever he wanted in the Skythunder Kingdom.

He could fight all the different beasts.

He could search for his own ore.

He could train whatever he wanted.

And if he ever needed to train against a Mage, he could simply attack the Magic Purity Kingdom.

This was a paradise for Shang.

He was free to completely focus on himself with nearly no restrictions.

He now had 100 years of free training in front of him, but after that, he would need to enter the outside world.

Relon collected both contracts, created a copy each, gave the copies to Shang and Jerald, and pocketed the originals.

"Welcome to my team, Jerald, Shang," Relon said with a polite smile. "Let's wish for a good century!"

"Thank you, Relon," Jerald said with his own polite smile.

They had only talked for a bit, but Relon was already much happier with Jerald than he had ever been with Agon.

"If you need anything, just ask me. I can also help you with questions regarding understanding Concepts, but please keep these kinds of questions to a minimum. I also have to work," Relon said.

"Thank you. I will," Jerald answered.

"Now, since you've signed the contract, it's time to give you your basic equipment," Relon said.

Shang's and Jerald's eyes shone. They had read about that in the contract, and they looked forward to it very much.

Two books appeared in Relon's hand, and they floated over to Jerald and Shang.

Jerald and Shang looked at them with burning eyes.

This was the Star Map for becoming an Archmage and becoming an Ancestral Mage!

They had only had access to the Star Map for becoming a High Mage!

Naturally, these Star Maps were forbidden from being given to the public.

They weren't sure how expensive these Star Maps were in the outside world, but they expected that they cost a lot. After all, these Star Maps were extremely valuable to High Mages and Archmages.

Sadly, there was no Star Map for warriors, but that didn't mean that the Star Map for Mages was useless to Shang.

Shang wasn't sure how to proceed from now on, and the Star Map of the Mages might give him some ideas.

After handing over the two Star Maps, Relon summoned a Communication Crystal and gave it to Jerald. This Communication Crystal could contact the other Assistant Supervisors and the Supervisor, but only Jerald was allowed to use it.

It was strange to think about the fact that Agon had probably chatted with the Magic Purity King casually while their Kingdoms were at war.

Lastly, Relon took out two more books.

This was a guide for all manners of ore, herbs, beasts, and treasures in general.

This would make it easier for them to make use of all the things in their Kingdom.

It was almost like the Lightning Manor wanted them to harvest the entire land.

"And that should be it," Relon said. "Agon, please show them the portal to the meeting place later. They're going to need it in three months."FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"Sure," Agon said with boredom.

Relon only snorted at Agon's bored answer.

Then, he nodded at Jerald and Shang.

"Just call me if you need anything."

"I will, thank you," Jerald said.

Then, Relon turned into a lightning bolt and shot into the distance.

Jerald and Shang were now officially working for the Lightning Manor.