Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Relon left, leaving Agon, Jerald, and Shang alone.

"Well then," Agon said. "You won the civil war today, and I think it's time for you and your forces to contribute to the defense of the Skythunder Kingdom."

Jerald and Shang nodded.

They knew that they now had to defend against the Magic Purity Kingdom with a severely weakened Skythunder Kingdom.

Nearly all the Late and Peak High Mages had died, and the Kingdom had even lost nearly 30 Mid High Mages, which represented 60% of the Mid High Mages they had before the war.

The Skythunder Kingdom had probably lost over 50% of its entire power in this war, making it very difficult to defend against the Magic Purity Kingdom.

"What would be the best way to do that?" Shang asked.

Agon only snorted. "That's not my problem. You guys were the ones to get the Skythunder Kingdom into this mess, and it's your job to get it out of it."

Sadly, Agon was right.

"How long until your shift ends?" Jerald asked.

"Should be four months," Agon answered. "We will have a meeting in three months so that everyone can get acquainted with each other. A month after that, we are going to stage the big battle and leave."

"So, we have to survive for four months," Jerald said.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Do you think all your problems will be resolved when the old Assistant Supervisors leave?" Agon asked with a smirk.

"Yes," Jerald answered, surprising Agon a bit.

"Oh?" Agon said. "That sounds interesting."

"Anyway," Agon continued, "For today, you have won the civil war, and your people probably want to party for the day. I think this is a good time to make it official."

Then, Agon walked towards Jerald's group while Shang and Jerald followed him.

When they arrived, Jerald's people released a sigh of relief.

Jerald and Shang were still alive.

They had feared that King Skythunder would kill the two of them.

"Everyone," Agon spoke loudly as everyone listened, "You have fought a great battle today, and all the warriors are no longer being suppressed by the Council. You have all achieved the freedom and status you wanted."

The warriors grew excited when they heard that. Hearing something like this come from King Skythunder's mouth made everything so much more real.

"Let's all go back to my castle. You can all celebrate there for the day," Agon announced.

The warriors and Mages almost couldn't believe it.

They were allowed to celebrate inside King Skythunder's castle?!

Only very few people in the Kingdom had been allowed to go there, and now, they could celebrate in the most sacred place in the Skythunder Kingdom?!

"Let's go," Agon said before he started to walk northwards casually.

"You all earned it," Jerald said with a warm smile. "I'm lucky to have such strong, loyal, and capable people helping me."

The people cheered, and everyone followed King Skythunder toward his castle.

They passed through the Adamantite Behemoth Zone, the Thunder Horse Zone and eventually reached the Skythunder Zone.

When the warriors saw the gigantic skeleton that was King Skythunder's castle, they felt humbled.

They could feel that this skeleton came from a beast that was beyond powerful.

When Shang saw the skeleton again, he remembered the first time he had seen it.

'Back then, I wasn't sure who killed the Zone Beast below the Storm Eagle Zone.'

The image of Relon shot through his mind.

'Now, I know.'

This powerful Zone Beast had probably made too much trouble, making it difficult for the humans to settle there. Because of that, the Supervisor at the time got rid of it.

"How powerful is Relon?" Shang asked Agon via voice transmission.

"Not sure," Agon answered, "but I think he should be in the late Ancestral Mage Realm, more or less. Supervisors must be more powerful than every beast inside their Area."

'Late Ancestral Mage Realm,' Shang thought with a deep breath. 'He's probably an entire Realm above Agon, and Agon is already impossibly powerful.'

The more powerful Shang became, the more powerful Agon felt to him.

It was like there was no end to Agon's power.

"And you?" Shang asked.

Agon chuckled a bit. "Quite bold of you to ask me such a question."

"I mean," Shang answered, "we are on a first-name basis now, and you said you had enough of all of this bowing shit."

Agon snorted. "You're right. I guess old habits die hard."

"I'm at the Late Archmage Realm."

Even though Shang had expected something like that, he was still surprised.

The true level of all the Kings was a mystery to everyone. Most people believed that the Kings were in the Initial or Early Archmage Realm.

Yet, Agon was at the Late Archmage Realm.

No wonder he felt that powerful to Shang.

"What about the others?" Shang asked.

"They're all weaker than me," Agon answered with a smirk. "The old man in the Magic Purity Kingdom is at the Mid Archmage Realm, but I know two level three Concepts while he only knows one."

Now, this surprised Shang a lot!

Level three Concepts were necessary to reach the Ancestral Mage Realm, but both of them already knew these Concepts while not even being Peak Archmages. Even more, Agon knew two!

Then, Shang realized why it was like that.

The pay.

The Kings could harvest resources from Archbeasts and Ancestral Beasts without any competition from other Mages.

They were essentially drowning in the resources that they needed to advance.

The two of them stopped talking after that, and everyone traveled toward the huge castle in the middle of the Skythunder Zone.

All the warriors and Mages felt wonder as they entered the gigantic castle.

Yet, when they saw the cave-like throne room, they became a bit surprised.

The throne room did not look as they had expected.

Agon slowly went up to his throne and sat down.

A moment later, the Archduke, Miriam, also appeared inside the throne room with a smile.

The warriors and Mages were a bit apprehensive about Miriam's presence. After all, they didn't know if she was involved in suppressing the warriors or not.

"You don't need to worry," Jerald told his people. "The Archduke has remained neutral just like King Skythunder."

The warriors and Mages calmed down, and the good mood returned.

"Did you bring the stuff, Miriam?" Agon asked.

Miriam's smile widened.

SHING!

Then, a huge assortment of expensive food and beverages appeared in the hall.

Obviously, none of the present people needed to eat, but it was still fun to eat sometimes.

Several glasses of wine flew to the Mages while several glasses of mead flew toward the warriors.

Agon himself took a glass of mead.

Then, he lifted his glass, and everyone else followed.

"To a bright future and prosperous collaboration between the warriors and Mages!" Agon shouted.

"Hey!" everyone shouted.

Then, everyone downed their drinks.

After everyone drank, Agon stood up and cracked his knuckles and neck.

A grin appeared on his face, and he looked at some of the warriors.

"Let's start this celebration with some blood!"

"Who wants to brawl with me?!" he shouted.

Silence.

The people only looked with shock at King Skythunder.

Nearly no one of the present people had seen him before, and they were shocked by his conduct.

Miriam only smiled helplessly.