Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

After an awkward couple of seconds, Mervin stepped forward with a smile and lifted his fists.

Agon and Mervin fought for a while, but Agon lost due to Mervin's experience, even though Agon had a more powerful body.

When everyone saw Agon's bloodied but grinning face, the atmosphere changed.

"Who's next?!" Agon shouted at everyone.

After that, the party actually got going.

More warriors stepped forward to brawl with Agon.

Agon won several fights, but he also lost a couple of them.

As time passed, people even started to bet and comment on the fights while laughing loudly.

Instead of some official celebration, everything turned into a degenerate brawling fest like in a normal bar.

And the warriors loved it.

When Agon saw the warriors argue with each other about who got to fight King Skythunder next, he could only grin.

He preferred this casual and rough environment way more than the uptight environment when only Mages were present.

Shang only watched everything from the sidelines.

Or, that was what his original plan had been.

Instead of leaving Shang alone, the warriors and Mages joined him and roped him into several conversations.

Jerald spent most of his time talking to Miriam, Sylvia, and everyone else.

He wasn't one for brawls.

Everyone partied through the day and night, and when the next day arrived, the atmosphere around Agon changed.

"I know that you all want to continue, and I want to do so as well, but we have a Kingdom to defeat," he said.

The mood in the castle immediately turned serious.

Even though the civil war was won, everyone still knew that there was an actual war going on.

The Magic Purity Kingdom would soon attack again.

After a night of partying, it was now time for the official business.

"I hereby announce that Duke Whirlwind will now assume the mantle of Advisor. His authority will be on the same level as the Archduke," Agon announced.

Jerald stepped forward and bowed to King Skythunder. This was an official declaration, and Jerald had to act the part.

"Count Sword will now assume the mantle of Duke Sword," Agon announced after that.

Shang also bowed.

"As your first order, Advisor Whirlwind, I want you to deal with the Magic Purity Kingdom," Agon said.

"I will, my King," Jerald answered.

After that, Jerald started to give different orders, but instead of only giving them, he also explained why he was giving them and what his reasoning was.

He also told them that he had a plan for the future but that it would take a couple of months of preparation until it would work.

Everyone would only need to defend the frontlines for a couple of months. After that, things should get easier.

Jerald also told them that he would help on the frontlines.

Usually, Jerald would be forbidden from interfering in the war due to his new position of Assistant Supervisor, but his employment would only truly start when the old Assistant Supervisor left.

That meant that, for the next four months, Jerald could still get involved in the war himself.

After handling the matters regarding the frontlines, Jerald gave orders regarding cleansing the Skythunder Kingdom.

The entire Skythunder Kingdom now belonged to him, and it was time to clean the Skythunder Kingdom of the True Mages that had suppressed the warriors in the past.

All of Jerald's Inquisitors now had to work overtime to read the minds of all the True Mages in the Kingdom, which would take a long time.

Additionally, there were still about 100 High Mages left, who were all stationed at the frontlines.

But for their services in defending the Skythunder Kingdom, Jerald decided to pardon their actions.

The people that were currently stationed at the frontlines were mostly people that were basically always stationed there.

These were the most stalwart defenders of the Skythunder Kingdom, and they had protected the Skythunder Kingdom for decades.

These kinds of people rarely got involved in internal politics. Their entire job was to defend the Skythunder Kingdom, and they weren't picky when it came to who helped them in fulfilling their duties.

They didn't care if their frontline was filled with warriors or Mages. As long as these people were powerful, these High Mages would be happy.

On this day, everyone moved out.

On their way to the frontlines, the warriors and High Mages also informed all the cities and towns they passed by about Jerald's victory over the Council.

A more official announcement would arrive later in the day.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

The Skythunder Kingdom was in an uproar.

The revolution against the Council had actually been a success!

The Council was no more!

Shang was also sent to the frontlines. Sadly, Jerald didn't have the time to create another set of armor for him, which meant that he wasn't as powerful as in the civil war, but he was still extremely powerful.

Shang knew that he would need to stabilize the frontlines over the next couple of months. Jerald had already told him about his plan, and if it succeeded, Shang would be able to relax most of the time.

There was still a bit of work to do before Shang could return to increasing his power.

When the warriors arrived at the frontlines, the people were concerned.

The fact that the warriors were now at the frontlines again meant that Jerald had won, but that also meant that a huge chunk of the High Mages had been killed.

But, on the other hand, this also meant that the Kingdom would be more stable internally.

They could now focus all their power on defending against the Magic Purity Kingdom.

A couple of hours later, the official announcement was printed and distributed across the Kingdom, and there was one part of the announcement that put the people of the Skythunder Kingdom into an uproar.

All the citizens were ordered to retreat from the western Skythunder Kingdom.

The western Skythunder Kingdom would be abandoned.

50% of the Skythunder Kingdom would be abandoned.

The reason was simple.

The Skythunder Kingdom didn't have the power to defend such a large territory.

They had to consolidate their forces so that they could defend the original Skythunder Kingdom.

The people had seven days to evacuate, and Jerald would personally defend most of the western borders for this timeframe.

At the same time, all the Inquisitors traveled through the lands, gathering all the True Mages and reading their minds.

As soon as Jerald had taken control of the Skythunder Kingdom, the lives of the citizens drastically changed.

Massive amounts of True Mages were killed.

50% of the population lost their home.

The first couple of days after Jerald took control of the Kingdom were the most horrible days for the citizens.

Sadly, this was the only way to protect the Skythunder Kingdom.

They had to get rid of the Mages that believed in the philosophy of the Council, and they had to abandon the western Skythunder Kingdom to ensure its survival.

It was horrible for every single citizen, but all of this was necessary to preserve the Skythunder Kingdom.

During the first day, Jerald had become more hated than the Council had ever been.

Sadly, that was the price Jerald had to pay for his revolution.