Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

While the next couple of days were filled with panic, rage, and torture for the normal citizens, the frontline had a rare moment of peace.

The Magic Purity Kingdom was still trying to recover from the sudden assault the Skythunder Kingdom had launched two days ago.

But everyone knew that the Magic Purity Kingdom would strike very soon with a vengeance.

Jerald had gone to the western Skythunder Kingdom and readied himself to defend the border from any attack.

Sylvia and Shang went on standby in the middle of the northern border.

And then, everyone waited.

Two days passed.

"Attack on the Starkwhite Serpent Zone!"

Shang looked at his Communication Crystal after he received that message.

He put the Communication Crystal away and blasted into the sky with his Saber.

Shang decided that he should act in accordance with Humanity from now on and only use his Great Sword and Saber States. Humanity gave the other people the impression that he had a Temperature Affinity, which was made of Fire and Ice Affinities.

The assault happened two Zones over, and Shang took nearly two minutes to get there.

Sadly, everyone knew how rapidly these battles happened in the Fourth Realm.

The battle would already be over before Shang got there.

However, the defending forces of the Skythunder Kingdom had gotten explicit instructions on how to fight the war in the next couple of months.

Due to the current weakness of the Skythunder Kingdom, the wars had to be fought differently.

The High Mages were supposed to enter a one-on-one duel with the enemy High Mages while retreating from the frontline.

The battle between the soldiers would end very quickly, but if two Mages of similar power dueled with each other, the battles would take forever.

Usually, as soon as one of the armies won, the winning army would support their High Mage in taking down the enemy High Mage in a very short amount of time.

While a duel between two High Mages could take hours, as soon as some external force was introduced, the battle could end in seconds.

Because of that, the High Mages were instructed to explicitly only fight in one on one duels while retreating from the other soldiers.

They had to buy time.

As Shang blasted through the sky, his Spirit Sense picked up the fight.

Two Initial High Mages were chasing an Initial High Mage from the Skythunder Kingdom.

The Mage of the Skythunder Kingdom was nearly out of Mana due to all the Mana Steps he had to use.

They were fighting 20 kilometers away from the frontline, in the middle of the Starkwhite Serpent Zone.

Shang homed in on the battle and blasted toward them.

As soon as he entered everyone's Spirit Sense, the two Mages of the Magic Purity Kingdom threw a glance at him.

Initial True Path Stage.

Shouldn't be a problem.

If they had more time to inspect Shang, they might have felt the unreal sense of threat he gave off, but they were too busy trying to kill the High Mage.

They only threw him a cursory glance before focusing on the Mage again.

Shang pulled his Saber back…

And then, his assault began.

Shang started to shoot Shooting Stars and Hidden Suns while blasting through the air toward them, and the eyes of the Mages immediately widened.

That was an insane assault!

BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG!

Shang's attacks landed on their Mana Shields, and the two Mages were soon forced to use Mana Step.

Shang chased them while releasing more and more attacks while the Mages kept retreating with Mana Step.

Eventually, they retreated so much that they were close to the frontlines again.

Shang's brows furrowed when he saw 50 True Mages from the Magic Purity Kingdom readying Spells to support their High Mages.

This meant that every Commander Stage warrior and True Mage on the Skythunder Kingdom's side had been killed.

In an instant, Shang was assaulted by an avalanche of Spells.

However, his speed was simply too fast, and he was too agile in the air.

The High Mages realized with horror that their army couldn't do anything against that warrior.

But instead of retreating even more, they decided to release their own Spells.

They were already nearly out of Mana due to all the Mana Steps they had used in the last couple of seconds, and they knew that they wouldn't be able to retreat.

Shang kept focusing on the High Mages as the sky around him exploded with one destructive Spell after the other.

CRACK!

Shang broke through one of their Mana Shields and immediately incinerated the Mage.

Then, he focused all his power on the other Mage.

That Mage also died very quickly.

When the Mages of the Magic Purity Kingdom saw that, their faces whitened.

They all immediately used Mana Step to retreat, but their Mana Steps barely took them 100 to 500 meters away, depending on their level.

That wasn't nearly fast enough to retreat.

Shang shot one Shooting Star at each Mage, and in just three seconds, all of them died.

It was a massacre.

"I dealt with everything. Keep watch over this area. If anyone shows up, inform Commander Mervin," Shang told the Mage he had just saved via voice transmission.

These Mages weren't allowed to contact Shang directly. The reason for that was that they only knew about the state of their assigned area and didn't know about the state of all the other areas.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

If Shang went to a battlefield where he wasn't desperately needed because the resident High Mage called him, he might not arrive in time for a more critical battle.

Because of that, Mervin was coordinating everything and telling Shang where to go.

"Understood. Thank you, Duke Sword," the Mage said with a respectful bow.

Shang nodded, blasted towards the south again, and took out his Communication Crystal.

"Starkwhite Serpent Zone has been dealt with," Shang said.

"There are four other assaults happening right now," Mervin answered. "One even includes a Mid High Mage, but Sylvia is currently dealing with that."

"What about the other three?" Shang asked.

"We should have the upper hand in those battles. I think it would be better for you to wait."

Shang nodded.

"A fifth one!" Mervin suddenly shouted. "Two Early High Mages have attacked a border with only two Initial High Mages!"

Shang frowned.

This was bad.

The two Initial High Mages would already be dead before Shang could arrive.

"Where?"