Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Shang continued towards the west after killing the Early High Mage.

The Magic Purity Kingdom now knew about Shang.

However, Shang didn't change his plan. After all, he wanted them to come after him.

In a couple of seconds, Shang reached the next border. Surprisingly, the border was not being attacked right now.

In fact, Shang could see an Early High Mage retreat further into the Magic Purity Kingdom.

Just like the last one, this one used the special Mana Step to retreat to the Magic Purity Kingdom. The only difference was that this one succeeded since Shang wasn't there.

They knew that they couldn't kill Shang with only a couple of Early High Mages and Initial High Mages. Attacking this border would be suicide.

Shang continued further to the west and arrived at the next border half a minute later.

This time, Shang decided to stop again since he saw three Early High Mages ready for an assault, even though this border only had a single Initial High Mage defending it.

'Guess that's their first attempt at dealing with me. They know that I killed an Early High Mage pretty quickly, but they still refuse to believe that a mere warrior can be this powerful,' Shang thought.

After a while of waiting, the three Early High Mages attacked.

Shang's right eye narrowed as he readied his Saber.

BANG!

He immediately blasted towards the three Early High Mages, launching Shooting Stars and Hidden Suns.

In the beginning, the Mages were not very surprised. After all, they had heard that this warrior was very powerful.

However, the sheer offensive power of Shang's assault surprised them, and it got even worse when Shang showed no sign of stopping.

His Shooting Stars were so fast that it was nearly impossible for the Mages to defend against them. They could only barely hold on by parrying Shang's ranged attacks with their forcefields.

However, that meant that only their Foci could cast Spells, and Shang was also fast enough to avoid those attacks.

The most terrifying aspect of Shang's power in the Saber State was that he could rapidly move around while unleashing such terrifying power.

Mages couldn't do that.

On his own, Shang was locking down three Early High Mages, not giving them a chance to retaliate but also not injuring them.

BOOOOOM!

At that moment, over 20 of the Magic Purity Kingdom's True Mages died.

The Initial High Mage of the Skythunder Kingdom was attacking them!

The Early High Mages realized that this would be troublesome, and they decided to attack the Initial High Mage with their Foci.

However, the Initial High Mage already knew that this would happen and remained at a distance, giving them enough time to evade.

Shang noticed that the Mages grew desperate. He could keep them locked down, but he couldn't keep their Foci locked down.

Shang gave some orders, and the people of the Skythunder Kingdom retreated.

He wouldn't allow the three Mages to target the Skythunder Kingdom during their fight.

A couple of seconds passed, and then Shang noticed something enter his Spirit Sense.

Shang's right eye shone.

BANG!

Shang blasted directly at the Mages.

There was no longer any need to buy time.

The Mages had been able to deal with Shang's attacks when he had been two to three kilometers away, but as soon as Shang came within a kilometer of them, they couldn't parry the attacks anymore.

The Mages tried to use their Foci to hit Shang up close, but he was just too agile and fast!

SHING! SHING! SHING!

The three Mages used Mana Step to split apart from each other.

Shang was now forced to attack one of them if he actually wanted to hit them since the distance had now grown again.

Shang only narrowed his right eye.

BANG! BANG! BANG!

Shang completely stopped attacking two of them and shot all his attacks at only one of them.

The Mage's face whitened, and they used Mana Step to retreat, but Shang just followed them.

The other two Mages could now cast Spells again, which nearly tripled their attacking speed from how it had been previously.

Yet, Shang still kept dodging most of the Spells, and the ones he didn't dodge, he dealt with by throwing a Shooting Star at them.

The Mages grew more panicked, and a second later…

CRACK!

The Mage Shang had focused on died.

BANG!

Shang immediately charged at the other two Mages.

The Mages used several Mana Steps, but that would only buy them some more time…

And that was exactly what they wanted.

Suddenly, Shang's brows furrowed, and he blasted away from one of the Mages.

BOOOOOOOM!

A terrifying explosion appeared at the place where he had just been, but Shang wasn't safe yet, and he blasted away again.

BOOOOOOM!

A storm of ice erupted on the place where Shang had just retreated to.

The two Early High Mages of the Magic Purity Kingdom released sighs of relief as they looked at the new arrivals.

Two Mid High Mages from the Magic Purity Kingdom had appeared.

They were intent on killing Shang today.

Shang looked at the two Mid High Mages with a narrowed right eye.

If he had his armor, he might be able to win, but without his armor, it was too risky.

Their Spells were too fast to evade from close range, and Shang wouldn't be able to injure them from a distance in his Saber State.

The two Mages continued releasing more Spells, and Shang kept retreating in the air.

SHING! SHING!

They closed the distance to Shang by using two Mana Steps.

From this distance, it would be difficult for Shang to avoid their Spells.

"Careful!"

One of the Mid High Mages opened his eyes wide as he heard one of the Early High Mages shout at him.

An instant later, he saw why the Early High Mage had warned him.

But it was already too late.

CRACK! BANG! CRACK!

Two holes opened up in the Mid High Mage's Mana Shield, and his head was transformed into an icy, bloody mist.

SHING! SHING!

In an instant, a new person appeared just 500 meters away from the other Mid High Mage after using two consecutive Mana Steps.

A terrifyingly powerful icy needle hovered above the new person, and it was pointing right at the Mid High Mage.

Sylvia only smirked.

CRACK! BANG! CRACK!

Eternalfrost killed the second Mid High Mage.

The power of this Spell was just too much for a Mid High Mage to defend against.

BANG! BANG! BANG!

While Sylvia killed the second Mid High Mage, Shang focused on one of the Early High Mages again, not giving them a chance to retreat.

The other Early High Mage became terrified and used several Mana Steps to retreat.

"Bet I can hit him from here?" Sylvia transmitted to Shang as she readied another Eternalfrost.

"Can you? He's pretty far away," Shang answered.

"Just watch," Sylvia answered with a confident smile.

BANG!

Eternalfrost shot into the distance.

The Early High Mage became horrified as he saw the powerful Spell approach him.

He used one more Mana Step.

Suddenly, an earthen tendril came out of the ice needle, redirecting it to the Mage's new position.

The Mage's eyes widened.

CRACK!

His Mana Shield blew apart.

However, the needle had missed him, hitting the ground just behind him.

"Well, you got his Mana Shield," Shang transmitted to Sylvia.

Sylvia only extended her right hand with a smirk.

Then, she snapped.

BANG!

The icy needle exploded into a storm of ice.

Without the Mana Shield, the Early High Mage basically had no defense, and he died.nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

At the same time, Shang killed the other Early High Mage.

"See? I got him," Sylvia transmitted to Shang.

"You still missed him," Shang answered.

"He died to my Spell! How can you say that I missed him?!" Sylvia asked with annoyance.

"Eh, maybe," Shang answered. "Anyway, we don't have time for that."

BANG!

Then, Shang blasted away.

Sylvia only snorted.

"Sore loser."