Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Shang kept traveling to the west, but surprisingly, the next four frontlines were not being assaulted. Shang even saw some of the more powerful High Mages retreat.

It seemed like the assault for the day was over, but the Skythunder Kingdom had still lost over ten High Mages.

But the Magic Purity Kingdom lost even more.

With Shang and Sylvia's involvement, over 30 High Mages of the Magic Purity Kingdom died.

Luckily, the Magic Purity Kingdom didn't take prisoners and killed everyone from any other Kingdom on sight.

This meant that they didn't know that the Skythunder Kingdom was severely weakened right now.

They probably believed that the Council was readying themselves for a devastating counterattack, making the Magic Purity Kingdom go on the defensive.

"Shang, Jerald's Communication Crystal is deactivated!" Mervin told Shang via his Communication Crystal.

"Deactivated?" Shang asked with furrowed brows.

He knew what that meant.

If Jerald were dead, his Communication Crystal would say that the Mage it belonged to wasn't present.

However, if it were deactivated, it meant that Jerald deactivated it manually.

That could only mean one thing.

Jerald was fighting someone extremely powerful and couldn't afford to be distracted.

This was more than shocking since not even Susan would be powerful enough to make Jerald deactivate his Communication Crystal.

This meant that Jerald was fighting someone that was about as powerful as him.

"Yes, it has been deactivated for more than a minute by now!" Mervin told Shang.

"Where is he?" Shang asked.

The Communication Crystals also continuously transmitted the location of their owner, and Mervin knew where Jerald was.

Mervin gave Shang Jerald's coordinates, and Shang quickly blasted towards the west.

It would take Shang several minutes to get there since Jerald was so far to the west.

Even more, there was no one else present to quickly reach Jerald.

For the next couple of minutes, Shang kept asking Mervin if Jerald's Communication Crystal was still deactivated, and Mervin said that it was.

This meant the fight was still going on.

After around seven minutes, Shang finally saw Jerald in his Spirit Sense.

BOOOOM! BOOOOM!

A humongous storm cloud was above Jerald, releasing several strikes of green lightning at his opponent.

Just like Jerald, the Mage of the Magic Purity Kingdom could fly in the sky, but in comparison to Jerald, he was flying in a similar way to Shang.

Several small explosions of fire kept the Mage airborne, and the explosions even allowed the Mage to dodge most of Jerald's Spells without using Mana Step.

A Mage that could avoid enemy Spells without using Mana Step was a terrifying concept.

This gave them a huge advantage in terms of Mana.

Jerald wasn't as agile in the air. He could fly with a lot of speed, but the acceleration of his flight wasn't fast enough to dodge the Spells of another Peak High Mage.

BANG!

One of Jerald's lightning bolts was stopped by a huge hand of lava.

When Shang saw that hand of lava, his right eye narrowed.

He had already learned the new Star Maps for High Mages and Archmages, and he had learned about all the different Concepts that were available.

This was a Complex Level Two Concept made of Fire, Earth, and Water Affinities.

It was called the Concept of Cinder.

Cinder was essentially a weaker version of the Concept of Lava, which was only accessible to powerful Archmages since it was a Complex Level Three Concept.

This meant that Jerald's opponent had a Concept on the same level as Jerald's Concept of Summer Drizzle.

This opponent was beyond powerful.

Shang hadn't even been able to win against Susan with the help of his Augmenting Spells, and this person was even more powerful than her.

When Shang saw the power of this Mage, he knew that he couldn't get involved in the fight.

Joining the fight might result in Jerald getting distracted since he cared about Shang.

The person fighting Jerald was a young man with red hair, wearing crimson red robes.

BANG!

A fast bolt of burning earth strafed Jerald's Mana Shield.

BANG!

A huge bolt of lightning destroyed one of the huge hands of lava.

The enemy Mage was blasting to the side while condensing a new hand, Jerald continuing to attack him.

The more Shang watched, the more suspicious he grew.

The Magic Purity Kingdom should have had enough time to send reinforcements to this place, but this Mage was the only person here from the Magic Purity Kingdom.

Was this some kind of ego thing?

Did the Mage want to win on his own?

Then, Shang noticed something else.

At that moment, Shang's right eye widened in surprise.

But after an instant, a smirk appeared on his face.

His eye focused on the Mage.

And then, he sent a voice transmission.

"No, the new Soma Universe isn't out yet."

At that moment, the Mage's eyes widened in shock.

For just a single instant, he stopped moving.

BOOOOOOM!

A humongous lightning bolt hit the Mage in the chest, the fire on his robes vanishing.

An instant later, the Mage's robes blew apart, and his chest received severe burns.

BOOOOOOOM!

The Mage's body hit the ground with ridiculous force, creating a huge crater.

Jerald readied the next Spell.

"Wait!" Shang transmitted to Jerald.

When Jerald heard Shang, his eyes widened in surprise.

Shang was here?

Jerald looked at Shang, conflict in his eyes.

This opponent was too powerful to spare.

Jerald might have lost the battle if the Mage hadn't suddenly stopped attacking him.

This was his only shot at getting rid of the Mage!

Yet, Jerald also trusted Shang.

Shang must have a good reason to tell him to stop.

"I think he's the new Assistant Supervisor of the Magic Purity Kingdom," Shang transmitted to Jerald. "I don't think you are supposed to kill each other."

At that moment, Jerald's eyes widened.

That actually made a lot of sense!

"But then, why did he attack me?" Jerald asked.

"Because he's an idiot that loves fighting. He probably wanted to test the power of his new colleague."

"I know him," Shang added. "He's also from Earth."

Jerald grew shocked, but then he remembered that fire Mage Shang had told him about.

That was the fire Mage?

BOOOOOM!

The area around the fire Mage exploded, and he looked around with eyes burning with rage.

Eventually, he saw Shang.

"You!" the Mage transmitted with anger.

"Stop throwing a tantrum," Shang transmitted back. "You used the same trick against me when I fought you in my Commander Stage trial."FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

The fire in the Mage's eyes vanished as shock replaced it.

"Wait, does that mean that I lost?"

"Yes, you lost," Shang answered.

The fire Mage looked at Shang, then at Jerald, and back at Shang again.

A moment later, all the fire vanished, and the fire Mage released a sigh.

"This is not fair," he lamented.

"You started it," Shang answered.

The fire Mage only groaned.

Then, he let himself fall on his back as he looked at the sky with a groan.

"This sucks!"

Jerald only watched with a raised eyebrow.

He had just fought for his life, but the entire atmosphere had suddenly changed to this.

"What's your name?" the fire Mage asked Shang.

"Shang," he answered.

"Fuck you, Shang."

"You ruined a great fight."

"Hope you're happy!"