Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Professor Callen first performed a couple of tests to see how good Shang's spellcasting was.

It couldn't be that bad, right?

It was, in fact, that bad.

Callen had expected that even warriors knew the basics at least, but he was mistaken.

Shang's spellcasting ability could dominate a Mid Apprentice, but a Peak Apprentice would easily outclass him.

Callen only took a deep breath and slowly released it.

This would be a lot of work.

While Shang was learning under Callen, Jerald returned from the western Skythunder Kingdom.

90% of the citizens had evacuated, while the remaining 10% had decided to stay. They refused to believe that the Magic Purity Kingdom would kill them. After all, they were just normal citizens, apprentices, and a couple of Adepts.

For a couple of days, nothing happened. After all, the Magic Purity Kingdom didn't expect the western front to be completely without any defense.

Two days after Jerald left, one of the frontlines of the Magic Purity Kingdom attacked the border of the Skythunder Kingdom.

Yet, there was nothing to attack.

They only saw empty walls and buildings.

The attacking force immediately grew suspicious and prepared for an ambush.

But nothing happened.

After a while, the force sent out a couple of True Mages to scout the surroundings.

Surprisingly, the Mages didn't face any resistance, and they were even welcomed by several villagers throwing themselves before the Mages' feet in obedience.

One of the Mages decided to read the minds of a random villager, and what he saw shocked him.

The Skythunder Kingdom gave up nearly 50% of its land?

As soon as the Mage found out, he informed his superior, who informed his superior.

A couple of hours later, several groups of True Mages entered the western Skythunder Kingdom via several borders.

They didn't face any resistance.

The True Mages split up and read the minds of random people scattered all over multiple Zones.

Sure enough, the Skythunder Kingdom had retreated.

However, there was something even more interesting.

The Magic Purity Kingdom finally knew about the civil war.

And with that, everything suddenly made sense.

The Skythunder Kingdom had been weakened to a ridiculous degree, and they couldn't possibly defend such a large area.

The leaders of the Magic Purity Kingdom were informed, and several orders were given.

The Magic Purity Kingdom would annex all of the abandoned land.

As soon as the order was given, the True Mages retreated back to the Magic Purity Kingdom.

This confused the few remaining citizens.

Wasn't the Magic Purity Kingdom annexing them?

Why did they leave?

Then, a group of High Mages entered the western Skythunder Kingdom.

They split up, and one of the High Mages appeared in front of a large city that was mostly empty. There were only a couple of citizens left.

The few citizens looked at the old Mage with confusion.

Would this be the new ruler of the city?

The High Mage's Spirit Sense inspected the entire city and all the people within it.

Then, the High Mage snorted and lifted his right hand.

Snap!

Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

BOOOOOOOOOM!

The High Mage used his Concept and burned the entire city to the ground in a storm of fire.

None of the citizens survived for more than three seconds.

Half a minute later, the fire vanished.

Only ash, coal, and burned rubble remained of the previous city.

"Dirty bastards," the Mage said as he spat to the side. "You think you can join our holy empire with these dirty hands of yours? What audacity!"

The powerful Mages of the Magic Purity Kingdom called every Mage and citizen of other Kingdoms bastards. After all, just like bastards, they were a mix of two things.

They appreciated Magic, but they also decided to accept these stupid, primal, and disgusting warriors.

People like that didn't deserve to live!

To the Magic Purity Kingdom, these citizens and Mages weren't any better than the scum that kept calling themselves warriors.

After the High Mage finished razing the first city, he thoroughly searched the entire Zone for any survivors.

He wouldn't allow any bastard or scum to survive!

Today would be a day of genocide and horror.

Over the next several hours, over ten Zones were thoroughly cleansed of any human life that didn't belong to the Magic Purity Kingdom.

And within the day, the entire western Skythunder Zone had been cleansed.

Every single citizen, without exception, had been killed.

There wasn't even a single survivor.

Even though not many citizens had remained, there had still been over 20,000.

Over the next couple of days, the Magic Purity Kingdom set up new borders and defenses.

The western Skythunder Kingdom was no more.

Now, it was the western Magic Purity Kingdom.

At this moment, the Magic Purity Kingdom owned around 50% of Area 23. It owned a huge chunk in the middle, which stretched all the way to the western border.

The other Kingdoms now assumed the shape of a half circle going around the central part of the Magic Purity Kingdom.

The Grandmountain Kingdom and Blackshadow Kingdom have shrunken significantly, taking up the northern 15%.

The Spirit Spring Kingdom in the east took up 15% of the land, and the Skythunder Kingdom in the south took up 20% of the land.

The Magic Purity Kingdom was as big as never before.

Just 50 years ago, they had been fighting the Skythunder Kingdom equally, but now, they were the strongest Kingdom by far.

And why?

All because of the Star Map that had been introduced to Area 23 around 50 years ago.

Soon, the Magic Purity Kingdom would take over the world.

But for now, it had to consolidate its new land.

Citizens had to be migrated, infrastructure had to be built, the Zones had to be transformed, and many other things.

For the next six months, the Magic Purity Kingdom would focus on its new land, but after that, it would destroy the Skythunder Kingdom!

At least, that was the plan.

Sadly, things often didn't go as planned.