Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

"I think your proposal has merit," Relon said. "If the people are under too much pressure, they don't have any space or time to realize their potential."

"However, while I will allow you two combine your two areas, all parties involved in the merger must agree. As Assistant Supervisors, you all still have a certain amount of freedom regarding how you manage your areas," Relon explained.

Jerald looked at Fia, and Fia only turned to Relon.

"We already agreed," Fia Stormbright said. "We still have to iron out the details, but a couple of days after the old Assistant Supervisors leave, we will proceed with the merger."

Relon nodded. "I would suggest giving up the current land of the Spirit Spring Kingdom. Both of your Kingdoms are rather weak, and I don't think you have the defenses to defend such a long border."

"That was the plan," Fia answered.

"Good," Relon said.

Then, he turned to Yora Darksky and Zara Cliffer. "If you want to merge or not is up to you. I'm not asking you to come to a decision right now, but I would like an answer within the next two weeks if you want to go through with it or not."

Zara Cliffer and Yora Darksky looked at each other.

They weren't sure if they should. After all, the Grandmountain Kingdom and Blackshadow Kingdom had warred for over a century by now.

Nearly every living person had been born during the war, and it felt like something that would never stop.

"Any other suggestions?" Relon asked.

Nobody answered.

"Good, then the meeting is adjourned."

BANG!

Relon transformed into a lightning bolt and flew away.

Most of the people remained standing there, not sure how all of this would go down.

"Hey, you two."

Zara and Yora looked at Charles, who only smirked at them.

"I'm not as nice of a guy as the old man," he said. "If I have to play the antagonist, I'm going to be a real antagonist."

"That means no enslaving other paths," he said as he looked at Zara. "You better increase your power soon, or you will lose your job right after you start it."

Zara narrowed her eyes at the threat.

However, she also knew that all of this was just part of the job and that Charles was just doing what he was supposed to be doing.

The Magic Purity Kingdom was the antagonist, and Charles would act like it.

Then, Charles looked at Jerald and winked at him before summoning his portal and leaving.

Jerald was a bit confused by Charles.

The last time, Charles attacked Jerald, and after that, he was rudely told off by Shang.

Why was Charles suddenly helping him?

Agon returned to Jerald and Shang with a smirk. "Nice going, you two. I hate seeing that prick and his constant attitude saying that he's too good for everything."

Agon obviously referred to Wilbur.

"After seeing him, I'm not surprised that the Grandmountain Kingdom is such a shitshow," Shang said.

Agon laughed while Jerald looked at Shang with surprise. "Shitshow? I've never heard that word before."

Shang blinked once. 'Talking with Charles reminded me of Earth. I don't think shitshow is an actual word in this world.'

"I think you can guess the meaning," Shang said.

Jerald nodded with a slight chuckle.

After that, the three of them returned to Agon's castle.

"What's the plan?" Jerald asked.Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

"Regarding?" Agon asked.

"When you will leave," Jerald elaborated.

"Oh, that," Agon said as he walked over to his throne. "After being driven into a corner, the Queen of the Blackshadow Kingdom will launch an attack against the King of the Grandmountain Kingdom. As the two are fighting, the King of the Magic Purity Kingdom will get involved."

"The King of the Skythunder Kingdom and the Queen of the Spirit Spring Kingdom see a chance to finally take down the King of the Magic Purity Kingdom after he leaves all his powerful Mages behind to help the King of the Grandmountain Kingdom and attack."

"A big battle happens, and I will launch a Spell that will drain me of all Mana and kill all the other leaders. Zara Cliffer will take advantage of that moment and kill me when I'm out of Mana."

"That's how things will play out for the general public."

"In truth, the Supervisor will make an Illusion Magic Circle. We will still fight openly, but at the moment when I launch my last Spell, the Magic Circle will activate. In truth, the Spell doesn't cost me all my Mana, just half. I will intentionally miss, and we all fly up until we can't be seen from the ground anymore."

"Then, we will simply fly away from Area 23 while everyone thinks that we have died."

Jerald nodded. "What about the Space Rings?"

"We will act like we destroyed them and most of their contents while scattering some random stuff across the land below us," Agon explained.

"Sounds good," Jerald said.

Shang only looked at Agon.

When he first saw Agon, Shang had been overwhelmed by his power.

Now, Agon was someone familiar to Shang.

And soon, Agon would leave, leaving Jerald in charge of the Kingdom.

Many years ago, Jerald had told Shang that his dream was to be King, and now, that dream was about to become a reality.

"Then, goodbye, Agon," Shang said. "I will start training soon, and I don't think we will see each other again."

Agon only smirked. "Your discipline regarding training is what made you so powerful in such a short amount of time. Based on how you were fighting, I can tell that you comprehended four different Paths before reaching the True Path Stage."

"For Mages, that would equate to comprehending four different Concepts before becoming a High Mage."

"I'm not entirely sure how the world will react to your true power. Maybe they will try to help you become even more powerful, or they might fear your potential."

"Be careful of whom you show your power to."

"Just like your Affinity," Agon said. "Every powerful organization is searching for the Child of Calamity."

Shang's insides shook.

He knew that Agon knew part of his Affinity, but Shang hadn't thought that Agon even knew that he was the Child of Calamity.

Shang had seen the term in the book Lucius had left behind, and he had thought that this term was a secret.

Apparently, it wasn't that big of a secret.

"Why are you helping me?" Shang asked.

"I've been born into the Grandmountain Kingdom as a barbarian, and they have denied me the opportunity to become more powerful," Agon said. "Everyone deserves a shot at power, including you."

Shang took a deep breath.

"Thank you, Agon. This means a lot to me."

Agon nodded with a smirk. "Now, go train! I want to hear from you when you are the first warrior to reach the Fifth Realm."

Shang also nodded. "It was nice meeting you, Agon."

Agon only nodded again.

Then, Shang left the castle and flew toward the Caves.

Meanwhile, Jerald looked at Agon. "Child of Calamity?" he asked.

"Oh? I was under the impression you knew," Agon said.

"I know of Shang's Affinity, but I don't know about this Child of Calamity thing."

"Interesting," Agon said with a smirk.