Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Shang returned to the Caves to continue his training. Right now, he didn't need to fight anyone, and he needed an isolated place far away from any significant dangers.

Sure, the Caves were dangerous since there were True Path Stage beasts and Archbeasts, but as long as Shang didn't go too deeply into the caves, he wouldn't meet any of those beasts.

Additionally, since all the True Path Stage warriors and High Mages were on the frontlines, Shang also wouldn't meet another human here.

Lastly, he wanted to keep his training a secret. If people somehow realized that Shang was tampering with his Mana pathways, someone that might want to kill him could take advantage of that moment.

However, the thing with his Mana pathways would only become a problem later. For now, Shang decided to focus on his performance regarding his attacks.

Before he touched his Mana pathways, he wanted all of his attacks to be perfect. After all, what if the correct usage of the attack required different Mana usage than the incorrect usage?

Shang wanted to perfect his attacks.

He wanted to further his self-created fighting style until it was exactly how he wanted it to be.

Then, he would adapt his body to his fighting style.

'My Path constantly evolves and changes. The Mana pathways were created over three years ago, and I have gained a lot of experience since then. I have fought so many beasts and warriors, giving me plenty of opportunity to see the weaknesses in my fighting style.'

Shang looked at his right hand. 'For other warriors, your Path is set at the moment you reach the True Path Stage. After that, you have to perfectly remain within its boundaries and further it by following the guidelines they themselves had set when they reached the True Path Stage.'

'Yet, people grow and gain more experiences. Something that I view as perfect today might contain several flaws that I will only notice decades later.'

'Then what? Am I supposed to tread this faulty Path to the end, knowing of all of its weaknesses and not being able to rectify them?'

'No thanks,' Shang thought with a sneer. 'No, I will continue to change the boundaries I have set in the past and will adapt them to my future self.'

'Many people would probably be against doing that. After all, the Mana pathways have essentially been created by the world. I never decided what kind of Mana pathways I would create. They just magically appeared when I reached the next Realm.'

'Do I know better than the world what makes me powerful?'

Shang narrowed his right eye. 'Yes, I do!'

Then, Shang looked up. 'The God has created this world, and he has set up all the rules that allow innumerable Paths to reach supreme power.'

'But even that might have flaws.'

'I might not be able to build something better right now, but eventually, I will have gained enough experience to create something that only belongs to me.'

'My own Path.'

'A Path that nobody else in the world can follow.'nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Shang smirked.

'And isn't that exactly what you want, God?' Shang thought.

No one answered Shang's thoughts.

"Let's start," Shang said to Sword as he readied it.

Sword didn't answer, but Shang knew that it was ready.

Then, Shang ate the treasures he needed to train in his Great Sword Style.

Yes, he would start with his Great Sword Style first.

Shang knew that this training session would take a long time. After all, there were innumerable ways to swing a sword, and he would need to perfect each and every one of them.

Every single swing needed the body to move differently, and it also needed very different amounts of Mana and ways it could move.

Shang needed to perfectly execute every single possible swing at any given moment.

He would essentially need to become a precise machine.

He needed to program his body, Mana, and mind into performing every single task perfectly every time it was performed.

The way forward was brutal.

Warriors could swing their swords for days at a time. Some of them could even do it for weeks.

But eventually, the monotony of training would set in.

They would go out.

Meet their children.

Meet their partner.

Meet their friends.

Earn money.

Do their job.

Then, they would return to training again, and everything would be repeated.

Another component was the fear of risking one's life.

Most people wanted to become powerful so that they didn't need to risk their lives.

Everyone wanted to live, and their power was supposed to help them live.

So, why would they want to risk their lives by fighting a powerful beast or a powerful Mage just to train?

That was putting the cart in front of the horse.

Yet, Shang was willing to do exactly that.

For Shang, survival didn't come first but power.

If Shang couldn't become powerful, what purpose was there to life?

Living a life without being able to become more powerful sounded like leading an existence worse than death to him.

If his goal was to become the most powerful, he needed to be the one that worked the hardest and sacrificed the most.

And he would do just that!

As Shang continued swinging, his mind became colder and colder.

People normally didn't notice the distracting and clouding veil emotions cast on them since the emotions were constantly present.

Shang achieved an emotionless state, but it wasn't due to some thoughts or realization.

This was simply the effect of the Icy Death Crystal Shang had ingested.

The Icy Death Crystal influenced Shang's mind with cold apathy and hatred towards an opponent, and right now, Shang was his own opponent.

His entire mind focused on nothing but surpassing his previous self.

There were no worries.

There were no distractions.

Shang didn't even think about the feeling he felt when he said goodbye to someone, knowing that he would never see them again.

Only the current version of Shang was in his mind, and he wanted to beat him!

He needed to grow more powerful!

Shang continued swinging his Sword deep in the underground.

And yet again, the world above him moved through time without him.

The world was changing without Shang's presence or influence.