Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Shang vanished.

The ghostly white figure that had just been standing in front of the door had vanished.

Of course, that didn't really matter since the Mages weren't able to perceive him with their Spirit Senses anyway.

At this moment, Shang was moving through the corridors at rapid speeds without making any noise and without being seen.

Over the many decades, Shang had comprehended all the different forms of Impose.

Yes, Shang was at the Peak True Path Stage right now.

After gaining access to all forms of Impose, Shang's power exploded more and more, and he also managed to combine several of his Elements.

For the past 40 years, Shang had been focusing on combining his four different Imposes into one.

Sadly, without any success.

This was the last step Shang needed to take in order to reach the Fifth Realm, and it definitely wasn't easy to take.

However, even if he didn't succeed, he still managed to create more techniques and refine his fighting style even more.

His current way of moving rapidly without making a sound and while being invisible to Spirit Senses was something he had created out of Shock and Distortion.

The movement wasn't as instantaneous as Shock, but it also didn't require nearly as much Mana or life energy. Additionally, with Shang's new Mana pathways, the cost of using his elemental attacks lowered even more.

This ghostly, silent, and nearly imperceptible way of moving was called Ghost Step.

At the same time, the Mages across the entire castle were activating their Mana Shield and communicating with each other.

Even though they were well-trained and experienced, suddenly seeing that over 80% of their loved ones had died was still a shock to them, making it much harder for them to organize.

They were all searching for the enemy, but they couldn't find them!

It was like a ghost or phantom was attacking them!

At that moment, most people realized what was going on.

So, the rumors were true!

This was probably the thing that had annihilated the Lenner Family!

The fear the Mages were feeling intensified, but they still did their best to focus on survival.

SHING! SHING!

Suddenly, all the Mages focused their Spirit Senses on one spot in the castle.

Just now, two black streaks had appeared and disappeared in a matter of single-digit milliseconds.

It was so fast that they wouldn't even have noticed if their minds hadn't already been pushed to peak caution and alarm.

After the black streaks disappeared, everyone could see that one of their friends had died again.

Yet, even though they were looking at the very part where the enemy was supposed to be, they still couldn't see them!

The Patriarch gnashed his teeth.

If he had access to his barrier, he could use it to scan for the opponent!

SHING! SHING!

Several Mages used Mana Step and arrived in the hallway.

They had already summoned their Foci, and they were ready to battle.

Yet, the hallway was completely quiet.

The only thing here was the corpse of their friend.

For a while, they only inspected their surroundings with narrowed eyes.

Their minds were screaming at them with terror and fear, but they knew that they had to fight.

SHING! SHING!

Everyone looked at a different spot in the castle as another one of their friends died.

What the hell was going on?!

Why was everyone suddenly being killed without being able to move, and why was it happening all over the castle?!

Several Mages used Mana Steps to arrive in different hallways.

They all gathered into groups and inspected their surroundings, several Spells already readied.

Silence.

The enemy had managed to pick off a couple of their friends because they had been alone, but now, everyone was gathered in different groups.

Nothing happened for several seconds.

The hallways inside the castle were brightly lit with the warm fire of many candles, but it definitely didn't feel warm right now.

The brightness of the rooms made the Mages feel exposed.

Almost like there was no place to hide.

SHING!

The Mages' eyes opened wide in shock.

Just now, a long black streak had appeared, and it went through one of the groups in one of the hallways.

Accompanying the long black streak were many small black afterimages.

As soon as the black streak appeared, the Mana Shields of the five Mages in the hallway broke into pieces at seemingly the same time.

After that, the Mages fell into multiple pieces.

Most of the Mages almost couldn't believe what they were seeing right now.

What the hell was going on?!

What kind of Spell could do something like that?!

There were almost no Mana fluctuations, and there were no fluctuations of someone speaking an incantation.

Additionally, there was no aftermath in the surroundings!

When someone threw a fireball, everyone could still see the explosion and the smoke.

When someone activated an offensive Darkness Spell, everyone could still see the concentrated Darkness Mana slowly dissipating into the surroundings.

When someone used a Wind Spell, everyone could still feel the moving wind after the attack was over.

But not this time.

Everyone could still see the dissipating Darkness Mana from the big black streak, but the small afterimages left nothing behind.

They left no kind of Mana behind, but they were powerful enough to destroy a High Mage's Mana Shield in nearly an instant.

This should be impossible!

Magic always left behind traces!

Was this even Magic?!

It must be Magic!

What else was powerful enough to kill all of them?!

It couldn't be a beast!

Beasts were dumb, and the enemy was not just blindly attacking them!

But it also didn't feel like Magic!

What the hell was going on?!

Was this actually a ghost?!

None of them even thought about the possibility that a human was attacking them without Magic.L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

This was not Area 23.

The strongest physical fighters in this world were at the Commander Stage, and the concept of True Path Stage warriors didn't even exist.

Additionally, warriors were incredibly weak compared to Mages.

None of these Mages had been threatened by any kind of physical fighter in the last century.

This concept basically didn't exist in their world.

If anyone told them that there was a physical fighter that could rival a High Mage, they would laugh at that person.

Something like that couldn't exist.