Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

As Shang consumed the Mind Flow Pellet, he felt like his surroundings were distorting.

Shang felt his concentration being pulled to random spots in the room while his mind was analyzing all kinds of things regarding the spot he was currently looking at with his Spirit Sense.

Shang had been under the effect of Mind Flow Pellets before, but the previous ones hadn't even been nearly as strong as this one.

He knew that he had to redirect his attention toward his Imposes, but it wasn't that easy.

Right now, Shang felt like he was a stranger inside his own body, screaming at his body to focus on something specific from behind a soundproof wall of glass.

His mind was simply not listening to him right now, and after a while, Shang forgot what he was supposed to do.

The Grade Five Mind Flow Pellets were already optimized for someone in the Archmage Realm, and the important part was their mind.

Shang's mind was only at the Peak of the True Mage Realm, and it had already been impressive that he managed to retain control over his mind with a Grade Five Mind Flow Pellet.

But the Grade Six one was on a completely different level.

This Mind Flow Pellet was optimized for people inside the Ancestral Mage Realm.

The distance between a Peak True Mage and an Ancestral Mage was the same as the distance between a Peak True Mage and a Zone Beast.

Something like this could even influence a Zone Beast's mind.

Shang had waited so long to purchase this Grade Six Mind Flow Pellet specifically because he knew that it would be risky.

There was no danger to his life or mind, but it would still be horrible if Shang had effectively thrown ten Grade Six Mana Crystals out of the window.

This would mean that years of work had been for nothing.

And, as it seemed right now, that was exactly what would happen.

Yet, what was he supposed to do?

Risking his life hadn't worked.

Buying a ton of Grade Five Mind Flow Pellets hadn't worked.

He had to take a risk.

Shang had a couple of these thoughts, but most of his mind was just focusing on random things.

After focusing on a random spot on the wall for what seemed like an eternity, Shang's mind focused on the Isolation Barrier around him.

For a really long time, he only thought about the Isolation Barrier.

Shang was no longer a beginner in Magic Circles, and he could glean some information from the Isolation Barrier after looking at it for what felt like weeks.

The level of the barrier was still far beyond him, but Shang could make out a couple of insignificant and small parts.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

By now, Shang's mind had completely lost control, and even his consciousness and will were only focusing on random things.

Eventually, Shang got bored of the barrier, and his mind searched for something that was interesting.

It had already looked at the hut.

It had already looked at the barrier.

And… that was it.

That was everything that was inside the room.

Eventually, Shang's mind focused on his hands as he moved them in front of the bandages on his head.

It was almost like he was trying to see his hands.

"Impose, fusion, power."

At that moment, Shang's head moved to face Sword, who had just spoken.

"Impose, fusion, power," Sword repeated.

"Impose, fusion, power."

"Impose, fusion, power."

Sword repeated these three things for what felt like an eternity.

"Impose, fusion, power," Shang eventually repeated.

After that, Sword stopped talking as Shang became the one to repeat these three things over and over again.

Shang thought about his Imposes.

A fusion, huh?

Imposes?

Fusion?

Imposes?

Fusion?

"Stupid," Shang said absentmindedly after a while.

"They are already fused."

And then, Shang focused on Sword as he moved it around in his hands.

For what felt like weeks, Shang only focused on Sword.

Sword was so interesting.

He wondered how it worked.

Time passed.

Eventually, Shang put Sword to the side and rubbed his head.

His thoughts were turning more and more chaotic until they stopped making sense.

Shang gritted his teeth as he just tried to focus on his mind.

After a while, the chaos started to calm down, and Shang could think rationally again.

Then, he took a deep breath.

"The effect is over," Shang transmitted to Sword. "I don't remember a lot."

"You said something," Sword told Shang. "I managed to direct your mind towards your Imposes, and you said something peculiar."

"You said that they are already fused."

Shang's face didn't show any reaction, but his mind went wild after hearing that sentence.

Shang didn't just throw the words he had spoken under the influence of the Grade Six Mind Flow Pellet to the side. After all, this was him talking while being under the influence of a mind-enhancing substance.

Just four hours had passed since Shang had taken the Mind Flow Pellet, but it had felt like months to him.

Yet, during these four hours, Shang had managed to find the very thing he had been searching for.

A way forward.

The Imposes were already fused.

Shang stood up and began to train by swinging his sword around.

Shang used all four States alternatively, but he still didn't use his Fire or Ice Abilities.

'They are already the same,' Shang repeated in his mind.

Time passed.

And about four weeks later…

'I think I got it,' Shang thought as excitement took hold of him for the first time in decades.

'I can see it!'

In Shang's mind, the image of four big circles beside each other appeared.

Every circle represented one of his Imposes.

'My Imposes are not their own things!'

'They are signs of something below them! It's like a network of mushrooms! You see several different mushrooms and think they are their own plants, but they are actually one thing that's just appearing in different places!'

In Shang's mind, the four circles representing the Imposes began to shine.

And then, the space between them began to shine.

They were not four circles.

They were just four segments of a huge line!

After realizing that, Shang's mind went past the Imposes and reached for the place behind the Imposes.

WHOOOOOM!

And he understood it!