Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Desert Storm's body exploded as soon as Dusk hit him.

In one strike, Shang had destroyed the Mana Shield of a Late Archmage.

Dusk was just that powerful. 

Sadly, under normal circumstances, it was nearly impossible to hit a Mage with Dusk.

If Shang hadn't had the opportunity to unleash Dusk, the fight would have taken way longer.

Shang put his Long Sword away. In order to break through Desert Storm's Mana Shield, he had needed to effectively burn all of Sword's body.

After that, the chunks of Desert Storm's corpse started to levitate around Shang, including all of his belongings.

A second later, Shang's body also started to levitate.

Surprisingly, Shang wasn't standing on Sword while levitating.

After reaching the Fusion Realm, the control Shang had over his surroundings made it easy for him to fly. He wouldn't need to unleash Ice and Fire Blasts to fly anymore, and he didn't need to ride on his sword.

From now on, Shang could just fly by controlling the world around him, just like any other Archmage.

Then, Shang flew toward the direction of the Temple of Blood's branch while all of Desert Storm's belongings, including his corpse, followed him.

Shang's speed was just as fast as his full speed had been at the Peak True Path Stage.

The difference was that Shang was basically just casually flying forward right now.

He was neither using his Ghost Step nor his Blasts, which would increase his speed by a lot.

Just by controlling the world around him, Shang had reached an insanely high speed.

But that wasn't very surprising. After all, this World Connection was something that only Ancestral Beasts could comprehend.

This was something only a Peak Impose Stage warrior could comprehend before breaking through into the World Connection Stage.

Sadly, it was impossible for Shang to see how the warriors advanced. He could only theorize the Stages, but he couldn't put them into practice.

After flying for a couple of seconds, Desert Storm's corpse and his belongings were suddenly flung in a different direction. 

BANG!

A blue wolf jumped backward as its body got surrounded by powerful icicles.

Just now, several things had hit the ground in front of it, and it readied itself for a battle.

Yet, no one attacked it.

After a bit, the wolf inspected the things that had hit the ground in front of it and realized that pieces of a corpse and some funny metallic things were lying there.

The wolf checked its surroundings with its Spirit Sense but didn't find any enemy.

Eventually, it just ate the corpse, the Focus, the Space Ring, and everything else.

The more Mana something had, the better.

Shang didn't even pause as he flew back towards the branch. 

After a while, he stopped and carefully inspected the thing in front of him.

The Yellow Sunbreaker.

Shang wasn't sure if his newfound World Connection Ability would draw the Yellow Sunbreaker's attention, which was why he stopped very far away.

Even after reaching the Fusion Realm, it was still nearly impossible for Shang to estimate the Yellow Sunbreaker's power. 

Shang had become far more powerful, but compared to the Yellow Sunbreaker, it was still nothing.

He inspected the Yellow Sunbreaker very closely and didn't even try to hide his Spirit Sense.

After a while, Shang felt the Yellow Sunbreaker look back at him.

Its Spirit Sense lingered on Shang for a bit, but Shang felt no danger coming from it.

It just seemed to be mildly interested.

Right now, the Yellow Sunbreaker felt a bit confused.

It was like a powerful and big male lion looking at another male lion.

However, the other male lion was only like five centimeters tall.

The other male lion should be an enemy, but no matter how the Yellow Sunbreaker looked at it, the other male lion wasn't even close to being an enemy or threat.

It was just weird and confusing.

Eventually, the Yellow Sunbreaker lost interest in Shang and focused on something else again.

Shang released a deep breath.

The Yellow Sunbreaker didn't care about him since their strengths were worlds apart.

Shang flew forward and stopped in front of the root.

Then, he walked forward and lifted the root with his right hand.

The gigantic root moved, but it definitely wasn't easy for Shang to move it. He had to use quite a bit of his power.

Shang was slowly moving forward while keeping the root lifted above himself.

It wasn't easy, but he did it.

He could now enter the branch without needing to use his medal.

If anyone saw this, they would be beyond shocked.

This root was massive and insanely dense!

Not even an Ancestral Mage could lift this with just their bodies!

Only a Mage Lord would have a body powerful enough to lift this root without any augmenting Spells.

Yet, this Initial Archmage could lift this heavy root just like that?!𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Shang reached the entrance and drew the symbol needed to enter.

The barrier deactivated, and Shang entered the branch.

As soon as Shang stepped past the deactivated barrier, several Spirit Senses focused on him.

The reactions were very mixed.

House Wife was interested in the fact that White Ghost now felt like an Initial High Mage. 

In comparison, Trapper felt shocked. White Ghost had already felt like a minor threat to him before his breakthrough, but now, White Ghost felt like someone that could kill him easily!

The difference was too great!

The Keeper's Spirit Sense didn't show any reaction.

When the barrier activated again behind Shang, House Wife and Trapper grew confused.

What about Desert Storm?

Didn't the two of them exit together?

Shang entered the great hall and walked down to the middle.

House Wife and Trapper were looking at Shang with furrowed brows.

Shang didn't show any reaction.

The Keeper didn't look at Shang, but everyone could tell that she was focusing on him with her Spirit Sense.

"What happened to Desert Storm?" the Keeper asked calmly.

"He was eaten by a wolf," Shang said emotionlessly.

House Wife's and Trapper's minds stopped working.