Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

The Keeper looked at Shang. Even though the Keeper knew that Shang was a physi, she wasn't clear on all of his powers.

Why would he want to take a look at a Beast Lord?

A Beast Lord was far beyond his level. 

Yet, White Ghost was no child. This wasn't just some child asking their parents about going somewhere. 

If White Ghost found it reasonable to pay the exorbitant fee of securing a way towards seeing a Beast Lord, he had to think that it was important.

"The Temple doesn't have the power to create a safe route towards a Beast Lord while avoiding all of the Ancestral Beasts," the Keeper transmitted. "There are simply too many Ancestral Beasts around the Beast Lord."

Shang had already expected something like that. "How much to get an Elder to escort me?"

The Keeper slightly narrowed her eyes as she looked at Shang.

Agents were in the Fourth Realm.

Named Agents were in the Fifth Realm.

And Elders were in the Sixth Realm, and there were not that many of them.

"If that were to happen, there better be no accidents," she transmitted.

The message was clear.

Shang better not try to kill the Elder escorting him.

"How can there be accidents?" Shang asked. "There is nothing that could possibly kill them except for the Beast Lord."

The Keeper looked at Shang for several seconds.

"How long do you need to watch?" she asked.

"Only a couple of hours, a day at most," Shang answered.

The Keeper remained silent as she looked to the side for a while.

"100 Grade Six Mana Crystals," she said.

Shang had expected an exorbitant price, but that was even more than he had thought.

However, it made sense.

Named Agents earned a hundred or more Grade Five Mana Crystals per mission, and since Elders were a level higher, they probably earned a hundred or more Grade Six Mana Crystals per mission.

100 Grade Six Mana Crystals was probably the bare minimum for the mission.

Shang wanted to look at a Beast Lord to gain some inspiration for his next step.

He had already comprehended the very thing that made an Ancestral Beast, and the logical next step was to find out what made a Beast Lord.

Shang had never seen a Beast Lord in his life.

𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

However, the price made him hesitate.

He didn't exactly need to look at a Beast Lord. He only wanted to look at one.

Was it really worth the 100 Grade Six Mana Crystals?

"I'll consider it," Shang transmitted.

"That's the price," the Keeper answered.

Shang only nodded and walked toward Room One again.

"This time won't be free," the Keeper transmitted.

"Just take it out of my next reward," Shang answered. "I'm open to accepting newer and more difficult missions."

The Keeper didn't answer, but she didn't need to.

Shang entered Room One and activated the Isolation Barrier.

The Keeper would still be able to contact him since she was the one in control of the Isolation Barriers inside the branch.

There were not that many missions available to this branch, which was why Shang decided to continue training while he waited.

Shang took out his sword and focused on his surroundings.

He wanted to experiment with his newfound power.

However, Shang was also thinking about something at the same time.

'I'm not sure if I actually need to take a look at a Beast Lord. It would definitely be worth it when I'm at the Peak Fusion Realm, but I just entered the Initial Fusion Realm.'

'Comprehending something akin to a level four Concept in the Fusion Realm is already beyond ridiculous, and I can't even hope to comprehend something akin to a level five Concept.'

'So, why would I need to take a look at a Beast Lord right now? I won't use whatever they need to break through for my small advancements. The thing the Beast Lords need will only become relevant when I'm close to reaching the Sixth Realm.'

'Additionally, when I'm at the Peak Fusion Realm, I can probably already look at the Beast Lord on my own. At the Peak Fusion Realm, probably only Peak Ancestral Beasts could pose a danger to me, and I wouldn't even have enough Mana in my body to be appetizing to them.'

As Shang had that thought, he realized how much he had actually grown.

'It's funny, actually. It's basically already a certainty that I will reach the Peak Fusion Realm, and as soon as I reach that, I will be stronger than nearly every single Zone Beast inside Area 23.'

Shang still remembered how imposing the Storm Eagle had been.

It had been so huge, and it had taken so many people to just resist the residual wind it created while flying above the city.

Its power had been unreal.

But now, Shang was already close to rivaling these monsters.

He just needed a bit more.

'For now, I should focus on gaining more resources and absorbing Abominations. I think the best way to do that would be to summon a couple of Abominations when I'm traveling to one of my future missions.'

'While I'm not on missions, I should focus on becoming more familiar with my power. I need to make better use of my World Connection and integrate it into my fighting style.'

'I can still visit a Beast Lord later.'

After planning everything, Shang began to swing his sword.

He used his World Connection to move the Mana in the surroundings.

Obviously, the Keeper saw what Shang was doing, and she finally realized what kind of power Shang had comprehended.

For the first time in a long while, she actually grew shocked.

White Ghost had comprehended the very thing that Archbeasts needed to become Ancestral Beasts, and he had used that very thing to reach the Fifth Realm.

He had essentially skipped an entire Realm!

At that point, she also realized why White Ghost wanted to take a look at a Beast Lord.

The Keeper realized that Shang was even more talented than she had expected.

And this gave her a lot to think about.