Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

He would arrive soon, right?

More emptiness.

More time passed.

He should be nearly there, right?

More time passed.

More time passed.

More time passed.

More time passed.

More time passed.

Shang's mind was desperately trying to cling to anything.

There had to be something that could distract him, right?

He could do something in here, right?

Shang's mind was scanning the surroundings crazily.

Something.

There had to be something!

There was nothing.

There was only grey emptiness.

Eventually, Shang's mind focused on his own body and inspected that thoroughly.

Yet, Shang's entire body felt surreal and wrong to him.

All the proportions were messed up, and all of his flesh and blood were moving in random directions.

His own body was like a fever dream.

There was no sense behind anything.

The more Shang's mind focused on his own body, the more surreal it seemed.

It was like his own body wasn't actually a body but just a fleshy dimension that randomly moved and squelched in random directions.

Was this a human?

No, this was just randomly moving around biological matter.

How did any of this work?

Why was everything going in random directions?

Where was his Mana going?

How did his mind work?

Why was everything so chaotic?!

This wasn't supposed to go that way!

His blood wasn't supposed to work like that!

His Mana pathways were completely random and chaotic!

This was not a human body!

This wasn't even a beast's body!

This was just a random flesh dimension!

What point was there to any of this?!

What was this?!

What is this?!Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

What is this?!

What is this?!

What is this?!

What is this?!

WHAT IS THIS?!

WHAT IS THIS?! WHAT IS THIS?! WHAT IS THIS?! WHAT IS THIS?! WHAT IS THIS?! WHAT IS THIS?!

SNAP.

Suddenly, Shang shook his head and focused his Spirit Sense forward again.

For a while, he didn't think anything.

'What the fuck was that just now?' Shang thought.

Shang focused his Spirit Sense on his body again.

At first glance, it looked normal, but as soon as he focused more on it, he noticed that the warped time, space, and gravity were essentially messing everything up.

But as soon as Shang's Spirit Sense encompassed his entire body in one image again, everything looked normal.

As long as Shang looked at his entire body at once, everything would appear normal.

However, as soon as he took a closer look and actually tried to follow what his body was doing, it became extremely chaotic.

The warped time, space, and gravity still worked, and even though everything seemed to move in random directions, Shang, as an entity, still worked perfectly. 

'I got lost in my own body,' Shang thought. 'I found no rhyme or reason to the space and time in my surroundings, and I gave up. However, I was essentially doing the same thing by looking at my body like this.'

'Instead of random emptiness moving around, it was my body moving around. Of course I wouldn't be able to make sense of anything. I can't comprehend the time, space, or gravity in this place.'

'I think I dissociated,' Shang thought. 'It might not be the best idea to look at my body like this.'

Shang's Spirit Sense focused forward again.

And he continued.

More time passed.

More time passed.

More time passed.

'I wonder how much time has passed.'

More time passed.

More time passed.

Shang's mind randomly looked around again.

There was just emptiness everywhere.

'I wonder if this is what the world will look like if the Abominations destroy everything.'

'What would I do in that case?'

Shang wasn't quite sure if he was thinking about something, but he guessed that he was.

He only knew that a random period of time had passed after having that thought.

'Wait, what was I thinking about?'

Shang couldn't find an answer.

'Oh, Abominations, right,' Shang thought. 'So, what would I do in that case? How would that be?'

Shang felt his mind work.

He wasn't sure.

'My goal to achieve power might make all of this a reality, right?'

'Would I be fine with living in such a world?'

Shang felt like he was thinking about something, but he wasn't sure.

Eventually, Shang focused on his left arm.

'Space and time are working in such strange ways in here.'

'My arm looks so interesting.'

Shang's mind just kept focusing on his arm.

'Wait, wasn't I thinking about something?' 

'What was I thinking again?'

More time passed.

'Oh, right! Abominations!'

Shang's mind was focusing on the Abominations again, but it was like his own mind was thinking in a completely different language.

Shang just couldn't tell what he was actually thinking about.

He only knew that he was thinking about Abominations, but not about what specifically.

'It's really strange how I can still move this arm even though time, space, and gravity are in such disarray,' Shang thought as he looked at his left arm again.

Shang moved it up and down.

Up and down.

Up and down.

'Wait, wasn't I thinking about something?'

Up and down.

Up and down.

'Doesn't matter,' Shang thought as he focused on his arm.

His Spirit Sense looked more closely at it, and Shang's mind was quickly drawn into the chaotic world of his body again.

The flesh was moving around so randomly.

It made no sense.

His Spirit Sense retreated from his body and looked at his arm in its entirety again.

'Yet, everything still looks normal when I look at it from a macro perspective.'

For some reason, Shang's mind went back to the Abominations again at this point.

'Abominations, huh?' Shang thought. 'This could theoretically become a reality if I become more powerful.'

'As long as I grow more powerful, the Abominations grow more powerful.'

'Eventually, they will eat up the entire world, and this will be the result probably.'

Shang's mind started to think about something again, but Shang just couldn't tell what he was thinking about.

Up and down.

Up and down.

Shang kept focusing on his arm.

Then, Shang's left arm stopped moving.

Slowly, Shang's right hand went to his left forearm.

'The big makes sense, but the small doesn't make sense.'

'So, what if I make the big smaller and smaller? When will it stop making sense?'

Shang's nails dug into his skin and began to scrape off parts of his flesh.