Shang slowly scraped off a long piece of flesh from his left arm and looked at it with his Spirit Sense.

He moved the bloody piece of flesh around in his right hand.

It looked normal.

But as soon as his Spirit Sense looked at the individual components of this piece of flesh, it stopped making sense again.

Shing ripped the piece apart again and looked at the two smaller components.

They still made sense.

He held them together, and they still made sense.

Eventually, Shang dumped one of the pieces since he only needed one.

He ripped it apart and dumped one of the pieces again.

It still made sense.

He did the same thing again.

And again.

And again.

After multiple times, the piece of flesh had become so small that Shang could barely rip it apart anymore.

But it still made sense!

Shang looked at his arm again, which had healed by now, but a similarly sized part of his arm as the piece of flesh he was carrying seemed completely senseless in the grand scheme of things.

The tiny piece of flesh made sense in its entirety, but if it were stuck to his arm, it wouldn't make sense.

It was so weird.

And so interesting.

'Wait, wasn't I thinking about something?'

Time passed.

Time passed.

'I'm sure that I was thinking about something important, right?'

Time passed.

Time passed.

'Abominations, right!'

'This world might one day become exactly like this if I become more powerful.'

Shang's mind began to think about things again that Shang couldn't understand.

Then, Shang turned to his arm again.

'I wonder when my arm will stop making sense.'

'How small does it have to be to stop making sense?'

Shang's right hand moved towards his left arm again.

He put his nails on his left forearm again.

And he pulled back.

A big slap of meat was cut off, and Shang threw it away.

His arm was bleeding profusely, and he felt a bit of pain.

The feeling of pain was quite interesting.

There was nothing for his mind to latch onto in this void.

There was no stimulus of any kind.

But this feeling of pain was so bright.

In a void of nothingness, this feeling of pain was like a bright star.

Shang inspected the feeling of pain.

Did he like it?

No.

Did he want to feel it?

No.

But it was just so interesting!

At the same time, Shang's arm began to recover, and Shang's Spirit Sense was intrigued by the process.

His arm still made sense, and even when it grew, it continued making sense.

Even when it shrunk, it continued making sense.

But as soon as Shang focused on the individual components of his arm, everything stopped making sense.

It was like a bunch of circles that made a perfect square.

There was no connection between the two things.

The space, time, and gravity were so warped that everything broke down.

It was so bizarre.

Shang tore off his left index finger and slowly smushed it in his right hand.

Watching his finger transform into tiny parts of flesh, bone, blood, and skin while still making sense was so weird.

Shang's Spirit Sense focused on his regrowing finger.

Then, he moved his right index finger to the regrowing stump and scratched the middle off.

Shang's pain receptors were screaming at him, but he didn't pay them any attention.

Shang saw his finger regrow from different directions now.

It was so interesting.

Shang watched his finger completely regrow with fascination.

At the same time, the pain also vanished.

Silence.

Nothingness.

'Wasn't I thinking about something?'

Shang focused on his arm.

'What was I thinking again?'

Shang's right hand moved to his left forearm.

And he tore off the skin of his forearm in multiple pieces until there was no more skin left.

Shang's pain receptors were screaming at him.

But it just was so interesting.

There was nothing for Shang's mind to latch onto in the surroundings.

Yet, the pain was so bright.

It was the only thing Shang could focus on.

The Sweeper had said that this was a good spot to rethink one's choices and to make peace with one's past.

But that didn't feel very appealing to Shang.

It was much more appealing and interesting to listen to the pain and watch his arm regrow from different shapes and sizes.

Shang watched his arm regrow its skin.

He watched it regrow its nerves.

He watched it regrow its bones.

Watching his arm become whole again after losing multiple parts, again and again, was so mesmerizing and interesting.

Eventually, Shang grew bored with his left arm and focused on his legs.

He hadn't seen them regrow yet.

For an unknown amount of time, Shang just played around with his legs, tearing off different parts and watching his body regrow them.

At some point, Shang grew bored with his legs.

He put his white robes away and focused on his torso.

He created an opening and took out all of his individual organs.

It was so interesting to see all of the things that were usually inside his body on the outside.

As more time passed, Shang felt like the pain had dulled.

It wasn't as interesting anymore.

Maybe it just wasn't strong enough?

So, Shang's hands went to his face.

Sure enough, things became interesting again.

There was so much to do and try out.

It was so interesting.

'Wait, what?'𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Shang suddenly stopped moving forward and stopped doing whatever he had been doing just now.

Just now, his Spirit Sense stopped advancing, and he sensed an opening in front of him.

'Oh, it's the end.'

Shang's mind focused on the exit of the Reality Tear.

'Finally,' he thought as he released a long sigh.

'I feel like I was close to going mad in here.'

'Honestly, next time, I should take a detour.'

'I don't know what the hell is wrong with the Sweeper that she voluntarily comes in here.'

'She might actually be crazy.'

'Shang took a deep breath and summoned his clothing again.'

His body had already fully healed again.

'I don't want to feel anything like this again.'

And then, Shang left the Reality Tear.