Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

After a while, Shang returned to the Sweeper, who still remained in the same place.

Without saying anything, Shang transmitted the map he made in his mind to the Sweeper.

The Sweeper nodded. "So, the Spirit Sense starts at around 1,500 kilometers from here and might even reach the spot where we were planning on going."

"Good job. This will help us a lot."

Shang didn't answer and simply stopped behind the Sweeper, ready to continue.

The two of them continued traveling toward the east. The Sweeper decided that it would be best for them to travel in the middle between the Natural Selection Companies' defenses and the Eternal Maw's Spirit Sense.

They passed by several Ancestral Beasts, but only a few of them could see through their disguises.

However, none of the Ancestral Beasts attacked.

If Shang were alone, some of them might attack since they could simply move forward and consume him. That wouldn't require them to unleash all of their powers, which meant that the Eternal Maw might not notice them. After all, it would basically be just like walking to them.

Sadly, the Sweeper made that impossible for them. While they could easily devour this Archmage, that Ancestral Mage beside him felt extremely dangerous.

For the next couple of minutes, the two of them continued traveling without any incident. 

They had seen hundreds of Archmages in the last couple of minutes. Sure enough, this land was brimming with natural resources. 

Due to the high density of Ancestral Beasts and the Beast Lord, the surroundings were brimming with extremely rare and valuable treasures. On top of that, the Ancestral Beasts also weren't even nearly as aggressive as outside this territory.

No wonder this was the most valuable territory of all the Natural Selection Company's territories. This also explained why the Chairman lived so close to this territory.

They had to protect it at all cost!

The two of them continued traveling in a half-circle.

A couple of minutes later, they reached the northeastern part of the territory. Just a bit more, and they would get out.

However, something troublesome happened.

A Mid Archbeast had found Shang but not the Sweeper.

Because of that, the Archbeast thought that Shang was alone and decided to attack.

While the Mid Archbeast wasn't dangerous to Shang, it was still a huge problem.

It would follow him and try to catch him, which would essentially broadcast their location to every human and beast in the surroundings.

Additionally, some Ancestral Beasts might even decide to get involved after seeing that the Ancestral Mage beside Shang didn't get involved.

Even more, they couldn't possibly break through the defenses like this.

Lastly, the Sweeper couldn't even get involved since there was an Ancestral Mage rather close to them. While they might overlook some Archbeasts fighting, they wouldn't overlook the sudden appearance of dense Mana that only an Ancestral Mage could produce.

Shang could kill it, but he would need to use his Sword, which would show that he was a warrior.

"Can you deal with it?" the Sweeper asked with a voice transmission.

"Difficult," Shang immediately answered. "My Spells aren't very powerful."

The Sweeper remained silent for a bit as they continued to fly towards the southeast, but they didn't have long. The beast would soon catch up.

The Sweeper was evaluating all her options.

She couldn't fight herself, or she might draw the attention of that Ancestral Mage, any of the Archmages, or maybe even the Eternal Maw.

They couldn't retreat for too long, or more beasts might join in.

They couldn't break through the defenses with this thing following them.

They could try to lure the beast to one of the Ancestral Mages, making it look like it was attacking that Mage, but there were several risks associated with that move.

"I can increase the density of the surrounding Mana, which will strengthen that ability you use to imitate Ancestral Beasts," the Sweeper said.

The Sweeper felt Shang's Spirit Sense fixate on her.

"You fought in my Spirit Sense earlier," she answered, "and I also fought plenty of Ancestral Beasts before. I can tell that you somehow managed to create a weaker form of their special ability."

"You shouldn't need to worry. You are a Named Agent, and you should know that we can't give sensitive information to others. Even if I wanted to tell someone about this ability, I would have to seriously consider the risks associated with it."

"Your secret's out, and you can't do anything about it. Just accept it and deal with it," she transmitted.

Shang looked like he considered the Sweeper's words for a moment.

Sure enough, she had watched him fight earlier, but Shang had already been prepared for that.

Instead of connecting Shang to a physical fighter, she thought that Shang's secret was that he could imitate an Ancestral Beast's power with a Spell. 

Of course, creating such a Spell was amazing, and it was definitely something someone would want to keep hidden at all cost.

But it was nothing compared to Shang's true secret.

"Fine," Shang answered.

The two of them stopped, and the Sweeper focused on her surroundings.

While most of her Spells would attract attention, just dumping some Mana into the surroundings to increase the density wouldn't be an issue. By distributing Mana in such a vast area, the density didn't even nearly reach the level of an Ancestral Mage.

The Ancestral Mage close to them looked over with his Spirit Sense, but he quickly looked away again in boredom.

There were a couple of beasts that could hide from his Spirit Sense, and he saw them fight all the time.

At the moment, he saw an Archbeast attack something invisible, which was preparing for a counterattack by releasing Mana, but that wasn't anything special or surprising.

BOOOM!

Shang stabbed his index and middle fingers upwards, and the concentrated Mana in the surroundings hit the Archbeast on the chin.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

The Archbeast was a red tiger, and it was flung upwards by the strike.

The tiger didn't get injured by the strike, but its attack was interrupted.

The next moment, Shang felt a great amount of Darkness Mana gather around him. It wasn't aggressive in any way and just surrounded him. 

The Sweeper had decided to gift Shang a ton of Darkness Mana for his next attack.

Shang extended all his fingers and formed a blade with his hand.

The black cloud of Darkness Mana gathered and assumed the shape of a saber.

Shang slashed down.

SHING!

And the red tiger's head was bisected vertically.

The Darkness Mana had weakened its defenses to such a degree that Shang's World Connection had easily cut through it.

The tiger died in an instant, but Shang didn't put it into his Space Ring.

The Sweeper turned around and continued flying while Shang followed.

Crrrr!

At the same time, the corpse on the ground began to slide toward the east as well. The Sweeper was making it seem like the invisible beast was pulling the dead beast away to consume it in safety.

The Ancestral Mage looked over. He was a bit surprised by the power of the invisible beast, but as long as it didn't attack their Archmages, he didn't really care.

A couple of minutes later, the corpse was pulled out of the Ancestral Mage's Spirit Sense, and Shang put it away.

They had solved the problem.