Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Eventually, Shang and the Sweeper found the Sky Lantern.

Shang couldn't see it, but his Spirit Sense painted a beautiful image.

Up in the sky, there was a second sun, but in comparison to the sun everyone knew, this one didn't hurt anyone if they dared to look at it. 

The second sun was pure white and bright, but it didn't injure anyone, and it also didn't give off any warmth.

However, the light the second sun was giving off felt comforting. 

Shang felt the Mana inside his body start to move around on its own as if it were trying to heal something.

Sadly, there was nothing to heal.

After years of training and gaining more knowledge, Shang found out what his ability of Entropy actually did to his body.

Humans were made of the body, the mind, and the soul. The mind was simply the brain perceiving the surroundings with the body, while the body was just that, the body.

But the soul was something different.

The soul was the very thing that dictated someone's existence.

The soul dictated how big something was and what it was made out of, and it represented the individuality of every person.

When Shang's arm was cut off, his body could simply regrow it, and it achieved this by using Mana to synchronize the body with the soul again.

The soul still dictated that Shang had an arm, and the body would simply shape the Mana in such a way that Shang would receive a new arm that was identical to the old one.

However, this didn't work when Shang sacrificed something to his Entropy.

When Shang had sacrificed his eyes, he had essentially transformed the eyes of his soul into pure power. 

Shang lost a part of his soul whenever he used Entropy. 

Additionally, Shang hadn't sacrificed an insignificant portion of his soul.

It was often said that the eyes were the windows to the soul, and that wasn't just a useless phrase. The eyes were the primary method a normal human used to perceive their surroundings. They were of utmost importance.

So, even though the eyes were actually just a small part of someone's body, they actually made up a significant portion of someone's soul.

By sacrificing both his eyes, Shang lost about 15% of his soul.

But that was also the reason why Shang's Entropy had been able to show such great effects in the past. 

If Shang had sacrificed something like his hair or his fingernails, he wouldn't have been able to unleash a lot of power. These relatively unimportant parts didn't even take up 0.1% of his soul.

Sacrificing such stuff with Entropy would essentially achieve nothing.

Because of that, all the Light Mana in the surroundings couldn't heal Shang's eyes at all.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Even more, Shang's soul wasn't even injured. If it were just injured, there might be some hope to regain his eyes.

Sadly, Entropy had taken these parts away, and it was like they had never been there in the first place.

Even if Shang found some kind of miraculous treasure that could heal someone's soul, it would probably only strengthen Shang's soul without adding his eyes back into it.

Light Mana used life energy to heal someone's body, but it couldn't expand someone's soul.

For a while, the Sweeper and Shang only remained below the second sun in the sky, the Sky Lantern.

While the second sun in the sky seemed peaceful, the same couldn't be said for the ground below it.

A powerful storm was raging around Shang and the Sweeper, more powerful than any storm on Earth.

Yet, even here, some plants still managed to survive and thrive. Shang guessed that was probably due to the dense Light Mana in the surroundings.

"Your month of time starts now," the Sweeper transmitted to Shang.

Shang didn't answer.

He just kept looking at the Sky Lantern.

While the light made it impossible for any person to view the Sky Lantern with their eyes, the same wasn't true for Spirit Senses.

Shang could see the Sky Lantern clearly with his Spirit Sense.

The Sky Lantern was a white bird, only about five meters long. 

It looked a bit like a peacock but also different.

If there were no light around it, and if it were just walking down the street, it wouldn't look more impressive than a General Stage beast.

Sure, its white color was mesmerizing, but that would be about it.

It wouldn't look intimidating or very powerful without its light.

Right now, this white bird was just standing in the sky.

Yes, standing.

It wasn't flying or moving. It was simply standing in the sky like it would be standing on the ground.

It was simply looking slightly toward the sky. Its eyes didn't seem to be focused on anything in particular, and it was just standing there.

In a way, it looked a bit like a shining statue.

Shang's Spirit Sense was fully focused on it, and he was trying his hardest to understand it.

The Sky Lantern's power didn't feel aggressive or suppressive, but Shang could feel its weight.

Just like a huge pet that didn't want to crush its owner, the power around Shang could be pushed away, but he could still feel its massive strength, size, and magnitude.

It was so powerful.

Shang had never felt such incredible power before.

Sure, he had met several beings that were stronger than the Sky Lantern, but none of these beings had actually shown their true power in front of Shang.

The God always seemed like a mortal.

The Starlight Queen had seemed like a normal Mage.

The Keeper had never shown her power in front of Shang.

And the Eternal Maw had been too far away from Shang.

This was the first time Shang actually stood in front of something this powerful and actually being able to perceive its power.

Shang sat down and focused on the Sky Lantern.

As of this moment, only the Sky Lantern and Shang existed inside Shang's Spirit Sense.

Everything else became irrelevant.

Shang was doing his best to comprehend whatever made the Sky Lantern different from all the other beasts he had seen in the past.

He could already feel that the Sky Lantern was very different from other beasts.

There was just something unique about it.

And it was Shang's job to find out what that was.

However, before Shang could truly get lost in his comprehension, something happened.

Shang saw the Sky Lantern's head turn.

And then, its eyes focused on Shang.