Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The Ancestral Mage respectfully remained at the young man's side. "Any orders?" he asked.

The young man with grey hair focused a bit more on the gravitational waves in the air. 

"I was under the impression that Sirius Dreila forbade anyone from entering this place. I told him I need to focus on my training," the young man muttered with cold annoyance.

"Either Sirius Dreila has become careless, or he has become careless," the young man said, both sides of his sentence referring to different things.

"Sounds like he became careless," the Ancestral Mage commented from the side.

The young man furrowed his brows. "If I want a comment, I will ask for one."

The Ancestral Mage summoned a tiny bit of Mana to stop the young man from noticing his rolling eyes. 

Why did he get stuck with this arrogant prick?

Just because this guy had a Gravity Affinity, he was acting like the reincarnation of the Mage God.

Nevertheless, the Ancestral Mage remained quiet.

After some seconds, the young man snorted.

"Well, it doesn't matter. Either way, these two are in a place they shouldn't be."

"Kill them."

The Ancestral Mage grimaced in discomfort.

"I would need to follow them for- "

"I said," the young man said after interrupting the Ancestral Mage, "if I want a comment, I will ask for one."

The Ancestral Mage narrowed his eyes. "This isn't-"

"Follow your order!" the young man shouted with a strict voice.

A fire of rage exploded in the Ancestral Mage's eyes, and he looked into the young man's eyes with unending fury.

This arrogant, stupid piece of shit!

"Fine!" the Ancestral Mage said through gritted teeth.

And he vanished.

After some seconds, the young man released a sigh.

"I'm sorry, but I hope that you will understand one day," he said to himself. "I know better than you about all the dangers because I have been chosen by the Mage God."

"The Mage God has granted me the Gravity Affinity, and the Mage God speaks through me."

"An Ancestral Mage can't possibly make better judgments than God's chosen."

At this moment, the young man felt the heavy weight of responsibility and destiny on his shoulder. 

The fate of the world hinged on his decisions and rested on his shoulders.

Meanwhile, Shang and the Sweeper continued to travel.

They had no idea that they had been noticed by a member of the Twilight Dusk Family a couple of seconds ago.

And they also had no idea that a powerful Ancestral Mage was currently following them.

Usually, the Sweeper was the one following others without being noticed, but today, the roles were reversed.

Of course, following a Sweeper without being noticed was incredibly difficult. 

Yet, the Ancestral Mage managed just that.

For several minutes, he was silently following them without being noticed by either of them.

After a while, Shang started to feel on edge, and even the Sweeper felt a bit nervous.

However, the Sweeper only attributed her nervousness to the close proximity of the Eternal Maw. 

Being close to such a powerful and volatile beast was bound to take a toll on one's nerves.

For around two minutes, the Ancestral Mage continued following them.

He knew that he couldn't just attack them in this place. Otherwise, his Spells might attract the attention of the Eternal Maw. 

As an Ancestral Mage of the Twilight Dusk Family, he was very powerful, but he couldn't possibly survive an attack from something as powerful as the Eternal Maw.

He just needed to follow them until they left the vicinity, kill them, and return.

Suddenly, his Communication Crystal rang.

The Ancestral Mage summoned the Communication Crystal and inspected it with his Spirit Sense.

After he did so, he nearly broke it into pieces.

"Yes?" the Ancestral Mage spoke into the Communication Crystal, trying his best to keep his rage in check.

"Why are you not back yet?" the voice of the young man came out of the Communication Crystal.

The Ancestral Mage gritted his teeth. "I can't just-"

"If I want a comment, I will ask for one," the young man said.

"You literally just-"

"Be quiet," the young man said with a firm tone that commanded respect. "I want you to immediately deal with the intruders and return post-haste."

"I do not need you to rely on your judgment. I need you to rely on my judgment."

"I know what I am doing, and every second you're not putting your trust into my decisions is another wasted second."

"Now, deal with them! Have I made myself clear?" the young man ordered.

The Ancestral Mage's entire body strained with suppressed rage. 

This guy!

This good-for-nothing, idiotic, stupid, fucking, arrogant, piece of shit, son-of-a-bitch, shitstain cunt!

He swore he would squeeze the fucking life out of this worthless waste of space!

"Ye-… yes," the Ancestral Mage said, trying his absolute best to sound composed.

"Good," the young man said before cutting the connection.

When the connection was cut, the Ancestral Mage took a deep and shaky breath.

He slowly put the Communication Crystal away, doing his best not to just break it in his hand.

Then, he looked towards the southwest with a grimace.

'I swear, if I knew that I would have to play babysitter for such an entitled, arrogant, cond-… I wouldn't have joined the Twilight Dusk Family,' the Ancestral Mage thought, stopping himself before he derailed into another avalanche of insults.

The Ancestral Mage took another deep breath.

SHING!

Then, he suddenly used Mana Step.

At that moment, the Sweeper noticed an Ancestral Mage shooting right toward them with incredible speed.

"We've been found!" she transmitted to Shang.

Shang knew that this was a problem.

"Then, the Chairman of the Natural Selection Company has already been informed?" Shang asked.

For a slight bit, the Sweeper hesitated.

"We haven't been found by a member of the Natural Selection Company, but I don't know if that's better or worse."𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"What do you mean?" Shang asked.

"Someone wearing the Twilight Dusk Family's robes is chasing us."