Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Inevitably, the fight dragged on.

No side could hit the other side.

The Sweeper and Shang couldn't retreat. If they did, the Ancestral Mage would regain the use of his Spells, and they would actually die.

They also couldn't go deeper into the Eternal Maw's territory. If they entered its Spirit Sense, it would just attack them.

The only positive thing about this situation was that the Ancestral Mage was also cloaking himself with a Spell, just like Shang and the Sweeper.

However, the movement of Mana could still draw attention.

What were they supposed to do?

What could they do?

Were they doomed to fight this Ancestral Mage with foam fists until someone noticed them?

However, the Ancestral Mage also said that he had to be the one to kill them, and if he ordered the Natural Selection Company to draw back, they most likely would. After all, he was a member of the Twilight Dusk Family.

But then what?!

Were they doomed to battle each other for all eternity?!

Shang just continued shaking his head.

He had trouble accepting that this was actually reality.

How was this reality?

Why?

WHOOOOOOOM!

At that moment, the Ancestral Mage's aura broke through the roof.

The surroundings turned black and white as an unending abyss of rage threatened to consume the Sweeper and Shang.

It was like an angry God had suddenly descended to drown the world in an ocean of blood.

And then…

The Ancestral Mage continued punching, missing, and avoiding the sword.

"WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU WANT?!" the Sweeper shouted in confusion, frustration, and anger.

How did that Ancestral Mage suddenly become so incredibly angry and then continue with this stupid charade?!

Such anger couldn't possibly be faked!

It was obvious that the Ancestral Mage was extremely serious about this situation.

The Sweeper and Shang felt like the Ancestral Mage was fighting with his life on the line, trying his absolute best to kill the two of them.

But that made no sense!

So, what actually happened when the Ancestral Mage exploded with rage?

His Communication Crystal had rung, and he didn't need to check to know who was calling him.

Right now, the Ancestral Mage was so incredibly angry and frustrated, making him appear like someone that was desperately trying to grasp for their last glimmer of life.

Yet, he obviously wasn't angry and frustrated at his opponents but at the young man.

From the very beginning, the Ancestral Mage knew that there was no way for him to make any progress in this fight.

He knew that this would only waste time.

𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

But what was he supposed to do?

He tried to kill the two of them the smart way by following them and then attacking them outside, but the young man had to force him to attack them now.

His job was to follow orders, and he would do his job.

This was his first job while being part of the Twilight Dusk Family, and he wouldn't throw it away after so many years of working his ass off.

Of course, it was also the Ancestral Mage's job to accept new orders from his superior, which was the young man. 

However, he was in the middle of a life-and-death battle. And distraction could result in his death, and he couldn't possibly operate a Communication Crystal during it.

Expecting him to answer a Communication Crystal call while literally fighting with his life on the line was too much.

After a full minute, the Communication Crystal went silent again.

The Sweeper and the Ancestral Mage had been exchanging hundreds, if not thousands, of attacks during that time frame.

"What the hell is wrong with you?! What do you want?! What is your goal?!" the Sweeper shouted at him while she was trying to hit him with her sword.

Shang only continued slowly shaking his head. "I have no fucking idea what's going on," he muttered.

The Ancestral Mage's eyes narrowed as rage burned in his eyes. "I must kill you!" he shouted.

And then, he stopped his fist in front of the Sweeper's sword again.

The sword was an unassailable defense.

There was no opening.

The lone sword of darkness might as well be an eternal titan guarding an empress.

The Sweeper attacked again, but the Ancestral Mage just moved to the side a little bit to avoid the attack.

The Ancestral Mage was as elusive as dreams.

It was impossible to hit him.

The Ancestral Mage might as well be a mystical phantom of wind stalking the endless steppes.

Shang had no idea how often he had shaken his head by now.

The fight continued.

Minutes passed.

The Sweeper kept shouting.

The Ancestral Mage kept dodging.

SHING!

And then, something finally happened.

After fighting for who knew how long, a fourth person suddenly appeared.

It was a woman that looked to be in her late twenties. She had black and white hair and wore the robes of the Twilight Dusk Family.

As she appeared, all the Mana in the surroundings was pulled towards her, as her Spirit Sense eclipsed all three people.

The Ancestral Mage immediately stopped fighting, flew back, and performed a polite bow.

The Sweeper took a deep breath of shock as she looked in horror at the new arrival. Of course, due to her cloak, nobody could see her expression.

Shang grew serious as well, but he still had some hope.

This was the Twilight Dusk Family, not the Natural Selection Company.

The members of the Twilight Dusk Family might not even suspect that Shang and the Sweeper were members of the Temple of Blood since the Temple of Blood itself wasn't something they had to care about.

So the Temple of Blood had a couple of Mage Lords, big deal. The Twilight Dusk Family had thousands of Mage Lords, Several Mage Kings, and even a Mage Emperor.

What was a Temple of Blood in front of them?

If they wanted, they could just send a Mage King to eradicate the Temple of Blood, and the issue would be solved.

Of course, the woman that had just appeared was a Mage Lord of the Twilight Dusk Family.

After she arrived, she looked at Shang and the Sweeper.

Then, she looked at the Ancestral Mage.

"Night Soldier," she said.

"Light Bringer," the Ancestral Mage answered.

"What is going on?" the woman asked with a neutral tone.