Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The two of them were preparing more Spells, but Shang almost immediately attacked them.

The two of them had just used several Mana Steps, and Shang didn't want to give them an opportunity to recover.

The foreign Mage was closing her eyes again, and Shang knew that she would most likely feel his attack coming.

Shang's right hand let go of his Long Sword.

SHING!

His Long Sword vanished, and a Colossal Sword appeared in Shang's right hand.

A bright burst of light came out of the Colossal Sword, and Shang swung it forward with all of his power.

As the Colossal Sword swung forward, its white light darkened as just the tiniest smidge of yellow joined the color scheme.

Shang' hadn't comprehended the Concept of Addition yet, but he had already found a slight way to alter one of his attacks.

The Keeper knew that Shang was comprehending light through fire, and this tiny bit of fire shouldn't raise any eyebrows. After all, there was nearly no fire in the attack, and it only had a minor role in everything. By all intents and purposes, Shang still looked like someone focusing on Twilight.

The attack was nowhere perfect, but Shang managed to add Brilliance to his Saber State's Hidden Sun.

Shang was using the energy-rich base of Hidden Sun and added more energy by increasing its mass with Brilliance.

This was the first attack focusing on the Concept of Addition Shang had ever unleashed.

Sadly, Shang would still need many more years to comprehend the Concept of Addition, and this was the best he could do.

WHOOOM!

As Shang's swing finished, a spinning crescent of light shot at the two Mages with incredible speed.

Of course, as soon as the bright light appeared, the foreign Mage had already taken note of Shang.

BANG!

One of her fingers pointed at the spinning crescent, and a spear of metal, supported by the power of wind, shot at it.

SHING!

But before the spear could hit, Shang switched to his Long Sword and used Ghost Step.

The instantaneous nature of Ghost Step made Shang arrive beside the white crescent before the spear. Shang's arms were already perfectly positioned, and he switched his Long Sword to his Colossal Sword again.

Shang only needed to move his Colossal Sword by a mere few centimeters.

DING!

A short and bright burst of light left Shang's Colossal Sword.

SHING!

The metallic spear shot past Shang.

It had missed the crescent!

Shang had just redirected the trajectory of his own ranged attack with a combination of Refraction and Reflection!

The foreign Mage's eyes opened wide in shock.

This Mage was fighting in a way she had never seen before!

Not only was he using a sword, but he was also voluntarily coming close to his enemy's Spells!

Nevertheless, the foreign Mage shot several more Spells at the white crescent.

"Keep your Spells ready in case he gets close," the foreign Mage transmitted to Ice Princess.

Ice Princess didn't know why a Mage would want to get close to their opponent, but she trusted the foreign Mage and nodded.

SHING!

Suddenly, Shang appeared beside the white crescent again.

WHOOOOOOOM!

A humongous explosion of light engulfed everyone, disrupting their Spirit Senses and sight.

DING!

The two Mages could feel the sound of the white crescent being redirected again reverberating through their distorted Spirit Senses.

They knew that the foreign Mage's Spells were about to miss the white crescent and that the enemy's attack would soon reach them.

Yet, it was impossible to tell where the attack would come from.

"Release it!" the foreign Mage transmitted to Ice Princess.

Ice Princess unleashed all her Spells, and a dome of sharp icicles appeared around them.

The dome immediately started spinning, and the Light Mana in the surroundings was distorted and destroyed by the spinning dome of icicles.

BANG!

Suddenly, a huge part of the dome got obliterated, and some of the overflowing power also hit their Mana Shields.

Luckily, the damage was negligible.

The foreign Mage had already prepared several more Spells while Ice Princess had defended them.

She immediately focused on her instincts again, and she quickly found her opponent.

WHOOOOOOOM!

Just when she found Shang, a domain of deep darkness consumed them.

Their Spirit Senses didn't get distorted this time, but they also couldn't get past their black surroundings.

The world turned nearly completely black for the two of them.

Nearly.

There was one singular, white spot in the eternal darkness.

It was White Ghost.

However, White Ghost looked different.

Even the foreign Mage could tell that he looked different from normal, even though she had seen him for the first time only a couple of seconds ago.

He was so thin.

It was almost like White Ghost wasn't a living human but a dried corpse.

It was like there was no life in his body.

Yet, even in this thin and weak form, it was like he was the only thing in this world of unending darkness.

By now, only an idiot would believe that White Ghost was at the Early Archmage Realm.

This was not something an Early Archmage could do.

At the moment, White Ghost wasn't charging at them but just standing in the middle of space in the distance.

Then, he lifted his left arm…

And gently spun it.

WHOOOOM!

A moment later, the world of darkness seemed to listen to him, and the dense darkness became aggressive.

Ice Princess and the foreign Mage felt their Mana Shields quickly being consumed.

The foreign Mage didn't hesitate and made her Spells explode around her.Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

She knew that such a domain of darkness had to be used up by canceling it with different Mana.

The darkness immediately consumed her Wind and Metal Mana.

BOOOOM!

Then, Ice Princess also unleashed her Spells.

BANG!

After half of her icicles were used up, something changed.

One of her icicles seemingly tore the world of darkness apart, and like a black piece of cloth, the darkness was carried away by the spinning icicles.

An instant later, all the darkness was scattered, and they had returned to the real world.

Shang had sacrificed a lot of his life energy, but in front of two Late Archmages, his sacrifice didn't mean much.

But Isolation had done its job.

SHING!

Shang used Ghost Step, and he arrived directly in front of the two of them.

And at that moment, the foreign Mage unleashed another three Spells at him.