Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Shang had finally comprehended the Concept of Addition.

For the first time in a long while, Shang actually returned to the real world.

At that point, Shang also realized something.

He had been gone for probably years, which meant that no one had been able to contact him for that amount of time.

Most likely, Shang's fate had already been decided by the higher-ups, and the fact that Shang was still alive meant that they didn't decide to use him as a scapegoat.

Shang stood up and slowly walked over to the branch. 

He entered and passed by one of the newer Named Agents and Fire Pillar. 

Based on how the newer Named Agent was looking at Shang, Shang could already confirm that Fire Pillar had fed the new Agent some horseshit. 

However, all of that didn't matter. Shang might very likely leave soon and go somewhere else. If the Temple of Blood decided to invest in him, he would very likely be sent somewhere else.

Shang stopped behind the Keeper and waited.

"You kept me waiting for 13 years," the Keeper said. "Together with the 14 years you used last time, you have sat in front of the Yellow Sunbreaker for 27 years."

'27 years is about what I expected,' Shang thought, but he didn't answer.

"Was it at least worth it?" the Keeper asked.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Shang nodded. 

"Show me," the Keeper ordered.

Shang didn't move, and the Keeper could feel Shang's suspicion and hesitation.

Asking about someone else's Concepts and powers was rude and could also be considered hostile. After all, if one knew what someone else could do, one would be able to counter the other person's powers and create a plan to kill them.

"Your life is no longer your own," the Keeper said.

At that moment, Shang was involuntarily reminded of something.

Mervin had said something similar back when Shang had still been a Soldier Stage warrior.

However, the intention and meaning behind these statements were very different.

Mervin meant that Shang shouldn't train in a suicidal manner since, if he died, he would inflict pain on everyone around him.

In comparison, the Keeper meant that Shang's freedom was now severely restricted. The Temple of Blood would invest a lot of resources into him, and they would make very sure that these resources didn't go to waste.

They were about to invest a lot, and they expected results from Shang.

'I guess that settles it,' Shang thought. 'My life is about to change significantly.'

'However, that's a good thing. I'm receiving resources in exchange for freedom and agency.'

'But isn't that what I have been doing for the past centuries?'

'It's just one sacrifice amongst many.'

"Fine," Shang answered. "I have no problems with showing you my results, but I don't want to show them to the Named Agents." 

Shang directed the Keeper's attention to the two people sitting in the branch.

Two seconds later, the two Named Agents looked at the Keeper with surprise before they left the branch.

Obviously, the Keeper had sent them away.

The Keeper turned around and looked at Shang with her cold, ocean-like eyes.

Shang summoned his Long Sword and summoned some light.

"Wait," the Keeper said. "You said you use your Long Sword for Darkness. Aren't you supposed to use your Colossal Sword for that?"

"Usually, yes," Shang said, "but this is different."

"I comprehended something that allows me to bridge the gap between my States."

The Keeper nodded and motioned for Shang to continue.

Just now, Shang had demonstrated the normal usage of light, and now, Shang would show the other usages.

An instant later, the branch became even brighter, and the Keeper nodded.

Then, Shang put his sword to the ground and lightly touched it with a finger.

CRK!

The floor didn't break, but one could definitely hear that it was under more stress than before.

"The Concept of Addition," the Keeper said.

'Just as expected. The Concepts are already known,' Shang thought. 'Trying to keep something secret that everyone knows about would evoke suspicion.'

'That means she probably also knows about the Concept of Subtraction.'

"Yes," Shang said. "I comprehended the Concept of Addition."

"Good work, but what is your plan?" the Keeper asked. "Why focus on a Concept when you are a warrior? Also, why did you specifically choose to comprehend this Concept instead of the much more logical Concept of Twilight?"

Shang hadn't been asked such invasive and personal questions in literal centuries.

It felt very different and alien, and it demonstrated very well how Shang's life was about to change.

Everyone had always given Shang his space and let him comprehend and train whatever and however he wanted.

But privacy was a thing of the past.

"I want to change my States," Shang said. "I will use the Concept of Addition for a new State, which will create an additional Impose that can be added to my World Connection."

"After that, I will comprehend the Concept of Subtraction and do the same thing," Shang said.

The Keeper looked at Shang for a bit, and it was difficult for Shang to discern what she was thinking about.

"You are no longer alone," the Keeper said. The sentence sounded friendly and caring, but it had an entirely different meaning when coming from the Keeper.

"The Temple of Blood is about to trust you with a lot of resources, and it expects reciprocity."

"You are a very careful person, and I can understand why. However, the Temple of Blood requires honesty."

"If we ever find out that you have lied about something, we will immediately severely restrict you in every aspect of your life. After all, if you lied about one thing, you could have lied about many more things."

"You chose your words very carefully just now," the Keeper added. "You didn't lie, but you were also not honest. You wanted to know how much I know and how much you have told me."

"This kind of mindset has to change!" the Keeper commanded with a strict voice that bordered on shouting.

"We have decided to invest in you."

"We are allies!"

"Seeing you succeed means seeing our investments pay off!"

"We are not interested in hurting you since that would transform our investments into losses!"

"So, stop trying to keep things to yourself and trying to siphon information out of us!"

"I know that you have four States! You told me!"

"Next time, be honest and directly tell me that you want to use the Concepts of Addition and Subtraction to combine two States each, not expand upon them!"

"This has very different meanings!"

"Am I understood?!"