Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The Mages from the company left.

They had created the initial form of the mortal district, and it only needed to grow naturally by now.

As the Mages left, the food deliveries for the mortals stopped.

However, the farms they had created were already bearing fruit. Of course, just a couple of weeks would have never been enough to complete a crop cycle, but there were plenty of supportive Magic Circles that sped up the process.

Most of the mortals continued partying, but a few of them noticed that the farms weren't tended to.𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Sure, they had food now, but what about in a couple of weeks?

Some people started complaining, but everyone just told them to shut up and mind their own business.

Nevertheless, the number of working mortals went up from 20% to about 30%. The ones that had joined the workers felt shame. They were asking the farmers to continue tending to their farms while they continued partying. Because of that, they also focused on working away.

Of course, most people still didn't care.

That was until one fateful day.

A pack of Peak Soldier Stage wolves.

Initially, when most people saw the pack on the horizon, they didn't care.

They were being protected by the Mage Guards.

Yet, the few people that perfectly remembered the set of rules became nervous.

They told everyone that the Mage Guards wouldn't protect them from threats in the First and Second Realm.

The people became a bit nervous, but they only laughed nervously.

The Mage Guards wouldn't just watch as some wolves killed everyone, right?

They were guards.

It was their job to protect people, right?

Right?

The pack of wolves noticed the settlement.

For a long while, the wolves looked at the Mage Guards.

They could feel that these Mage Guards were extremely dangerous.

Yet, the Mage Guards didn't attack them.

The wolves were very careful and scared.

Over the next couple of hours, they came back, looked at the settlement, and walked away again.

They were hungry.

They were a big family, and they needed a lot of food.

Every time they returned, they came a bit closer to the settlement.

The Mage Guards didn't do anything.

By the next day, the wolves came within twenty meters of the settlement.

Surprisingly, the majority of people had calmed down.

The wolves weren't dangerous.

They had grown used to the wolves' presence.

Then, a 16-year-old girl decided to step out of the settlement and slowly approached the wolves.

She didn't feel any ill will come from the wolves.

Maybe they could work together?

The wolves were about two meters high each, which was extremely imposing.

Yet, they were also fluffy, and their careful demeanor was endearing.

Of course, most people thought that this was a crazy idea, and they were right. It was a crazy idea.

But there were bound to be some crazy people in a group of thousands.

The wolves shied away from the girl, constantly eyeing the closest Mage Guard.

The Mage Guard didn't move.

The people were watching with interest.

Eventually, one of the wolves dared to approach the girl.

"Hey, you don't need to be afraid," the girl said with a smile. "We're nice."

She extended her arm to the wolf, and the wolf looked at it.

Then, it smelled the hand carefully while carefully eying the closest Mage Guard.

Slowly, the wolf's tongue extended, and it began to slowly and carefully lick the girl's hand.

The girl laughed and walked closer.

"Ow!" she suddenly shouted as she pulled her hand back.

The wolf's teeth had lightly clamped down on the girl's arm, but it had let go immediately after she shouted.

The wolf looked at the Mage Guard.

The Mage Guard didn't move.

"Don't do that again. That hurts!" the girl shouted while trying to sound friendly.

The girl slowly approached the wolf again, and the wolf turned to look at her after a while.

CRACK!

"AAAAAAHHH!"

The wolf bit down on the girl's arm, breaking it.

The girl screamed in pain and terror as she tried to pull her arm out of the wolf's mouth.

The wolf was looking at the closest Mage Guard.

The Mage Guard didn't move.

Then, the wolf pulled the girl forward with its teeth.

The girl fell forward, and the wolf's huge maw enveloped her torso.

CRSH!

Horrifying shrieks and gurgles came out of the girl's mouth as the wolf lifted her body in its mouth and ran away.

The mortals were terrified and looked at the Mage Guard in terror and panic.

The Mage Guard didn't move.

The other five wolves noticed that their partner hadn't been attacked, and they grew hungrier as they eyed the little settlement.

Then, they slowly approached.

And then, the settlement fell into hysteria.

Everyone screamed in panic and ran away.

The wolves slowly advanced, entering the settlement. 

They were still afraid that the Mage Guards would do something.

Yet, the Mage Guards never did anything.

In a matter of minutes, the streets had been cleared as everyone had either fled or entered a building.

The wolves sniffed around, and they stopped near one of the buildings.

CRK! CRK!

One of them scratched on the door, leaving behind huge crevices.

Eventually, it created an opening and pulled the door apart with its teeth.

A family of four was inside the building.

The house was silent.

The house was loud.

The house was silent.

Another wolf found someone inside a shack.

A third one hunted someone down that was running in the distance.

Eventually, all the wolves found their victims and carried them away. It didn't matter whether they were dead or alive.

The wolves were still intimidated by the Mage Guards, and they didn't want to stay longer than necessary.

After a while, all the wolves vanished, and the humans slowly dared to exit their homes again.

Yet, the terror of what had happened today could still be felt.

This was terrifying!

This was worse than being hunted by the Mage Guards!

This was worse than being hunted by the gangs!

And then, the mortal district entered a period of infighting and blaming.