Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

The mortals immediately started panicking and blaming each other.

Why did the hunters not fight the monsters?! Weren't they supposed to kill stuff like that?!

How were the hunters supposed to fight?! They didn't even have any usable weapons?!

How were the smiths supposed to produce weapons when there were no materials?!

How were the gatherers supposed to gather materials when the hunters didn't keep the area safe?!

No one was taking responsibility, but after a while, the people all started to focus on the hunters.

Yes, the hunters didn't have weapons, but still, it was their job to kill these beasts.

All the different people gathered and started to blame the hunters collectively.

The hunters grew nervous and found one justification after the other, but the people kept shooting them down.

Eventually, some of them cracked under the pressure and confessed.

They were scared.

They had simply been too scared.

One had to remember that all of these people hadn't even seen a beast before in their life. They had lived inside the town for their entire life, and there were no beasts inside the town.

Suddenly coming face to face with a two-meter-tall wolf was terrifying for someone that hadn't even seen a beast before.

Many of the hunters were already well on their way at the Soldier Stage, and some of them were even at the General Stage.

But they had only fought humans before.

At this moment, everyone wished the gangs back.

The gangs had been horrible to the people, but at least they could survive under them.

Sadly, nearly all the powerful people had belonged to the gangs, and all these people had been executed by the Mage Guards.

There were barely a couple of General Stage warriors left.

Yet, even though they were supposed to be far more powerful than the wolves, they had simply been too scared to fight them.

At some point, the people demanded that some of the warriors form a kill squad to deal with the wolves if they returned.

Of course, most of the hunters tried to get out of fighting these scary beasts, but some of them were forced into the squad.

All five General Stage warriors were forced to join the kill squad with an additional 20 Peak Soldier Stage warriors.

After a while, they accepted their fate, but they also demanded some things.

First of all, they wanted good weapons. 

Second of all, they wanted priority on food.

Third, they wanted the good homes.

Everyone except the smiths agreed, but the smiths were forced into compliance by the majority.

Of course, the smiths also demanded several things, but the people were not as compliant.

Sure, the smiths would get their food, but they wouldn't get the fancy houses unless they showed that their weapons were amazing.

Naturally, the smiths also wanted the gatherers to go out and gather ore.

Having seen what happened to the hunters and smiths, the gatherers agreed rather quickly. They only wanted to have their food and have priority over the houses.

Of course, there was still a great number of people that didn't work, but they had transformed from the majority into the minority.

The gatherers couldn't go outside to create a mine and wanted the hunters to secure the surroundings, but after the hunters told them two sentences, the gatherers couldn't argue with them anymore.

"There's ground right here. Create a mine here."

The hunters began to train with each other, and they created plans for fighting the wolves.

The smiths were preparing themselves and honing their craft. They had to be ready for when the metal would arrive.

The gatherers were unused to digging in the ground, but they kept working hard.

All of them worked for the entire day.

The pressure of the wolves gave them power they had never thought they had.

Yet, when they had to inevitably take a break, they saw something.

So many people were just sitting around.

Their district was in danger, but these fuckers were just lazing around!

Even more, the fields weren't being worked on!

Everyone that was working currently had been promised food, but the farmers weren't making food!

All the workers immediately protested, and the public forced the farmers to work.

Now, over 80% of people were working.

Over the next couple of days, the mine became huge, and a hill of stone had already formed.

The miners started to shout at the people around them that they didn't have time to get rid of all these stones. The smiths were still waiting for their metal, and they were already working their asses off.

So, the public looked at the people that were lazing around again.

Builders and crafters.

And they were sent to deal with the stones and other materials that had been found.

The builders were unsure what they should do with the stones, but the public demanded that they do something with them.

Eventually, they decided to use the stones to make roads.

Over 90% of people were working now.

"I can't take care of my children right now! I'm busy working! You take care of them!"

And like that, even the teachers and social workers had something to do.

Of course, there were still a few people that didn't do anything, but they were in the vast minority.

Over 97% of people were working in one way or another.

The beginnings were difficult.

Some hunters died in a practice excursion.

Smiths wasted materials and failed in smithing.

Farmers were ruining crops.

Gatherers still hadn't found anything valuable.

The roads that were being built were ruined due to the weather.

Children ran away and got injured.

It was brutal.

Nearly no one had been prepared for their job.

Nearly.

The very few that had realized that things couldn't possibly remain like this in the very beginning had had several days of practice over everyone else, and it showed.

They were the better smiths, gatherers, and so on.

And everyone in their surroundings noticed that.

People decided to interact more with the people that were good at doing their craft.

And with that, another hurdle had been crossed on the path of establishing a society.

Status.