Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The people looked at the bucket of pills with intrigue.

This would bridge the gap between them and the Mages?

"This is a Bloodline Pill," Shang said as he pulled out one of them. "When you consume Bloodline Pills, they will give your body the properties of a beast."

"Of course, you won't look or think like a beast. Your soul and mind have a blueprint of what your body is supposed to look like. Your muscles, bones, and organs will reach the density and power of a beast's muscles, bones, and organs. However, you will still retain your current appearance."

"This increases your physical power by quite a bit, and we can completely close the gap with some additional training later. In the end, you will have a body just as powerful as a beast of your level."

The warriors almost couldn't believe what they were hearing.

They knew how powerful a beast's body was, and it felt unreal to them that they could become that powerful.

Shang put the pill back into the bucket.

Now, one apparent question was, where did these pills come from?

What about the Bloodline Infusion Procedure?

Well, the Bloodline Infusion had been created by George and refined by the many warriors that came after him.

It had become quite easy to perform.

However, this didn't mean that the Bloodline Infusion was the optimal way to get a beast's body.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

When Shang and the Territory Lord had talked about his future job, they had already planned out several things.

The first thing the Territory Lord wanted to do was to simplify the Bloodline Infusion. It sounded too expensive, time-consuming, and primitive to her.

So, she gathered all the information regarding the Bloodline Infusion Shang knew about and forwarded it to some specialists in the Temple of Blood.

These specialists were the people that created all the gadgets and special Spells for the Temple of Blood, and the Territory Lord told them to simplify the Bloodline Infusion.

Yes, George had been an impressive biologist, and he had reached the True Path Stage. Of course, the Bloodline Infusion had been a legendary accomplishment.

Yet, how could someone like George compare to a team of Ancestral Mages with over a thousand years of experience whose job it was to create such things?

How could someone like George even hope to accomplish what these specialists could?

It took the specialists barely a couple of weeks to create the first pill, and they just needed three more months to perfect it.

Even more, creating these pills was easy and cheap.

One just needed to draw a couple of Magic Circles, gather a beast's bone marrow with the same Affinity as the person eating the pill, and just activate the Magic Circles.

That was it.

When the pills were produced, the person would only need to consume about ten to twenty of them over the course of a day, and they would have their beast body.

And the only pain the people would be under was a horrible bout of diarrhea that would go on for a day.

In fact, the specialists had actually produced a way to even get rid of that, but it would double the price of the pill.

Shang explained to the warriors what the pills did and how they worked.

The more the day progressed, the harder it was to believe that this wasn't just a dream.

The world of these people was completely turned upside down today.

Eventually, Shang finished his introduction to their immediate future and flew back to the town.

A moment later, a High Mage appeared in front of the people.

She took out over 400 buckets filled with pills and called the Commander Stage warriors up one at a time.

The Commander Stage warriors needed to say their name, their power, what weapon they were using, and what Affinity they had.

The High Mage would note down everything and hand the person a fitting bucket of pills.

After about an hour, every warrior had received their bucket of pills, and the High Mage led them through the town.

The warriors were not surprised by anything since they had come from a much larger city.

The Mages were throwing disgusted glances at the warriors, but they were also used to those.

After a while, they reached the mortal district inside the walls, which basically only consisted of shops and academies.

When the warriors saw everything, they raised an eyebrow.

Spartan.

Primitive.

Simple.

These buildings were not the greatest.

While they had been touring the town, the High Mage had told them about everything that had happened ever since Shang had become the Town Lord.

It felt weird to them that the people here had essentially formed a civilization just a couple of months ago, but there was also something exciting about this.

It was like they were at the forefront of discovery, and even more than that, they would also be the first warriors that had a shot at reaching the True Path Stage they had just learned about.

So, even though everything was simple and primitive, they were still excited about their future.

Luckily, the academy was big enough for all the teachers and their families to live in.

They were the only members of the mortal district that were allowed to live inside the town itself. The teachers of the Mage Academy didn't technically count to the mortal district since they were True Mages and High Mages that just lived in the normal residential districts.

The people all found their new homes and started to settle in.

Some of the people of the mortal district noticed that there was a commotion in the desolate Warrior Academy, but they didn't know what was going on.

The next day, the Commander Stage warriors consumed the pills.

The day after, they tested out their new powers and were shocked.

They had grown so powerful!

After that, Shang visited them again and handed over two things.

He gave them the barbarian strengthening technique and the Star Map.

He also explained all the relevant principles, and a couple of hours later, he left again.

All of these things were more than incredible, and the warriors immediately felt their long-forgotten thirst for power reawaken.

And for the first time, the Commander Stage warriors came out of the academy and entered the actual mortal district outside.