Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

When the Commander Stage warriors left the inner mortal district, all the people looked at them.

Under normal circumstances, the Commander Stage warriors wouldn't be noticed. After all, even though the mortal district could be considered a village, there were actually several thousand people living in it. Obviously, not everyone knew everyone else.

However, the thing that made these Commander Stage warriors stand out was their equipment.

They had amazing weapons and amazing armor!

Some people immediately asked these people where they came from and where they got their equipment from.

The Commander Stage warriors just told them about what had happened.

The mortals were shocked.

These warriors came from a different town?

Additionally, they were that strong?!

When everyone heard that they had been brought over to serve as teachers, they became excited.

Not only would they and their children have an opportunity to become even more powerful, but with these strong Commander Stage warriors present, they didn't need to fear the beasts anymore. After all, these warriors were not part of the Mage Guards, and they wouldn't just stand by and watch as several people died, right?

Well, their happiness received quite a significant damper when they heard that the Commander Stage warriors had been instructed to only fight Commander Stage beasts.

If a Soldier Stage or General Stage Beast attacked, they were forced to stay on the sidelines and watch. Otherwise, they would be banished from the town, which would essentially be a death sentence.

The mortal district had to fight its own battles.

But that wasn't all.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

The next day, the Mage Guards would retreat into the town and stop standing guard.

However, it was important to note that this didn't mean that everyone could now do whatever they wanted. The Mage Guards would still uphold order in the mortal district, but they wouldn't stand guard anymore.

Instead of having several Mage Guards stand around the mortal district, the three High Mages would simply oversee everything with their Spirit Senses while not directly being inside the mortal district.

At first, this didn't seem like bad or good news. It just seemed neutral.

But when the Commander Stage warriors explained, everyone understood why this was considered bad news.

The Mage Guards had acted as a deterrent for over 90% of the beasts. They had seen the Mage Guards from a great distance and decided not to approach.

But now, there would be no Mage Guards present, and the Commander Stage warriors would mostly remain inside the town since they weren't hunting that often.

This meant that the frequency of beast attacks might increase.

Some of the people wanted to guilt trip the Commander Stage warriors into defending them, but they were having nothing of that.

They wouldn't sacrifice their lives for something this inconsequential. If they could sacrifice their lives to stop the beasts from attacking altogether, maybe, but sacrificing their lives would only stop one attack. A next one would soon follow.

As the Commander Stage warriors passed by the talking people, one of them got an idea.

"Hey, so, we are supposed to be teachers, right?" one of them said. "Our job is to teach as much as we can to basically as many people as we can, right?"

The others nodded. That was their job description.

They didn't only need to teach fighting. If possible, they were encouraged to also teach other stuff like smithing, mining, hunting, and so on.

"So, why not start now?" the guy asked.

Some of them looked back and watched the concerned people looking at them.

"The more we teach, the better our pay and benefits," one of them said. "Sure!"

After that, some of the Commander Stage warriors asked some of the hunters to accompany them. The Commander Stage warriors were about to hunt Commander Stage beasts for their hearts, and they might as well teach them about hunting. Maybe they also found a fitting target for them.

Eventually, over 90% of the hunters decided to accompany the Commander Stage warriors.

These powerful warriors had suddenly appeared, and the hunters would take advantage of their power and wisdom.

The remaining 10% remained in the mortal district in case something attacked, but that likelihood was low. After all, the Mage Guards would only leave on the next day. For now, they were still there.

For the entire day, the warriors hunted Commander Stage beasts, and the more powerful warriors also allowed the weaker hunters to fight against some beasts. It was important for the hunters to get used to fighting beasts, and they could do so without worry while a Commander Stage warrior watched them.

Early the next day, everyone returned.

The Commander Stage warriors walked back into the town, the corpses of the Commander Stage beasts in their Space Rings, something the normal people of the mortal district had no access to yet.

All of them consumed their beast hearts and then met to discuss things.

Some of them had found some very talented warriors, and they were interested in taking them in as students.

However, there also had to be enough hunters in the outer mortal district to protect it from beasts. Because of that, everyone talked to each other about the best possible distribution.

After that, they planned out everything regarding the academy.

What kind of techniques were they teaching the students?

How deep would their teachings go?

When would the students receive their Bloodline Pills?

How would they divide the classes?

And, most importantly, who was going to be the dean and the vice dean?

Surprisingly, this wasn't easy at all since no one wanted to take up these positions.

All of them had received a glimpse into a powerful future, and they wanted to focus on becoming more powerful as soon as possible. While they could still train in their spare time as teachers, they feared that the dean and vice-deans would be too busy to focus on their training.

In the end, they decided that they only needed 20 teachers in the academy to run it.

Then, they also elected some special teachers for stuff like smithing and general knowledge regarding how to build and run a mortal district.

Eventually, they decided on shifts.

In the first year, there would be 18 teachers, one dean, one vice-dean, and five special teachers. The other 25 were allowed to do whatever they wanted during that time, which was most likely train.

The next year, they would switch.

As for the dean and vice-dean positions, the two people that accepted these positions would get two years of training after that.

Of course, that meant that some years, there were fewer teachers available than in others, but that wasn't a big problem. The teachers just needed to work a couple of minutes more, which wasn't a big deal when sleeping and eating were hobbies and not necessities.

And like that, even the Warrior Academy had been set up.

The next day, the warriors informed everyone in the outer mortal district about the changes and about the academy.

From now on, the children would be sent to the Warrior Academy unless they specifically wanted to follow their parents in doing their job. After all, it wasn't necessary to be powerful to plow a field.

From his castle, Shang watched all of this happen.

Now, he only needed to wait for everyone to learn the things he had given them.

Shang had written down everything the old warrior academy had known in several books, and he had distributed them amongst the teachers.

Eventually, a True Path Stage warrior would emerge, and that's when Shang would get involved.