Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

After shooting past the wall of water and ice, Shang readied his Addum and loaded it with Light Mana.

Shang was insanely fast, but the serpent could still follow his movements.

Its eyes shone for an instant.

WHOOOOOM!

The wall of water and ice pulled in, enveloping Shang again.

This happened way too quickly, and Shang had to cancel his attack while he dealt with the sudden change in temperatures.

A moment later, a terrifying hiss echoed throughout Shang's body. It was almost like this wasn't a sound but some kind of wave that traveled through him.

Shang's Spirit Sense warped, and his mind lost focus.

CRK! CRK! CRK!

The right side of Shang's body was enveloped by water, which then exploded into ice.

The right half of Shang's body immediately turned into tiny snowflakes, and Shang barely managed to regain his concentration, balancing out the temperatures around him.

Shang's body immediately regenerated, but he had used up quite a bit of his life energy.

He was still surrounded by the terrifying storm of water and ice, but he managed to balance the temperatures.

Deep inside a dark storm of ice and water, a single comet flew against the stream, its fickle light nothing in front of the encompassing storm.

Before Shang could ready his next attack, the serpent had already prepared its own attack.

In an instant, all the water around Shang stopped in the air like it had been put into stasis and transformed into terrifying icy spears, all pointing at Shang.

Shang was inside the serpent's world, and it could control everything around him.

Shang would also have this ability, but in front of the overwhelming mana difference, he couldn't create his own domain here.

The icy spears immediately shot at Shang.

It was impossible to avoid them since they completely surrounded him, and Shang couldn't block all sides of this body at the same time with his sword.

However, Shang still had a way to block such an attack, but it would cost him life energy.

CRRRRRR!

Shang was enveloped by an over five-meter-wide sphere of violently burning fire.

The icicles shot into the sphere and were turned into water, which then turned into steam. 

After all the icicles were destroyed, the fiery sphere vanished, and the burning Comet reappeared.

It was impossible to see Shang while he was using Comet, but at this moment, his body had become a lot thinner.

However, his body's temperature hadn't changed tremendously, and his body showed no injuries caused by rapid temperature changes.

The reason was that Shang hadn't used Fire Mana just now.

The sphere of violent fire had been created by his Domain of Entropy.

After comprehending the Concept of Addition, Shang realized that he could incorporate it into his Domain of Entropy.

The Concept of Addition belonged to Entropy, after all.

Instead of using the base ability of Entropy, which was to equalize everything into the most basic form imaginable, Natural Mana, Shang used the Concept of Addition to increase the energy content around him by adding more heat.

This consumed a significant amount of Shang's life energy, but he managed to destroy all the icicles.

And after blocking this attack, finally, Shang found an opening.

He broke through the storm again and reached the serpent.

SSSSSSSSS!

Immediately, the terrifying hiss returned, and Shang felt like his world was being turned upside down.

But this time, he had been prepared, and he managed to keep a hold of his mind.

It was difficult to perceive his surroundings with such a distorted Spirit Sense, but Shang still managed to see a somewhat clear picture. In such a situation, it would have been helpful to have eyes.

Shang felt the serpent evade to the left, and he changed his trajectory.

BANG!

At that moment, the icicles on the serpent's body facing Shang exploded off, shooting right at him.

CRRRR!

The sphere of fire returned around Shang, getting rid of the icicles shooting at him.

SSSSSSS!

Another terrifying hiss reverberated throughout the surroundings, but it was different from before.

Instead of attacking Shang's mind, this hiss seemed to manipulate the world around the serpent.

Shang could feel how half the icicles on the serpent's body suddenly transformed into water.

And then, that water seemed to just break apart.

For an instant, Shang wasn't sure what had happened, but he immediately felt a change in the atmosphere.

The density of Wind Mana in the surroundings had suddenly shot up drastically!

Shang had no idea how the serpent managed to do it, but it somehow managed to transform Water Mana into Wind Mana.

It wasn't impossible to accomplish something like that without having an Affinity for Wind, but it was incredibly difficult, and one would only be able to use very basic attacks in this way.

And, sure enough, instead of forming a kind of attack with the Wind Mana, the serpent just shot the Wind Mana at Shang.

Wind Mana was the essence of wind. Air was not completely related to wind. Only when air moved would it be related to Wind Mana.

This meant that pure Wind Mana, on its own, was already a powerful storm, depending on the density.

If someone just dumped a ton of Wind Mana in front of them without doing anything else, the Wind Mana would transform into a terrifying storm.

So, when the serpent had summoned so much Wind Mana, it naturally exploded into a storm.

The storm of Wind Mana was pushing the serpent away from Shang, and it was pushing Shang away from the serpent.

Before the Wind Mana hit Shang, he had already noticed that the serpent was pushed even further away, and he also noticed the storm of ice and water reach him again.

The fiery sphere around Shang disappeared, revealing the burning Comet beneath it.

And then, the Wind Mana reached Shang and pushed him away.

BANG!

Suddenly, Shang's body stopped in the air.

It was almost like Shang had been thrown against a solid wall.

A moment later, the terrifying storm of water and ice enveloped Shang.

Deep inside the storm of water and ice, a burning figure hung on a transparent object that seemed to warp the world behind it.

Shang had used his World Connection to create a solid object in the air to mitigate the effects of the Wind Mana.

And then, Shang jumped off.

BOOOOM!

Waves traveled through the world behind Shang as he shot right out of the storm and toward the serpent.

The speed of Shang's advance had taken the serpent by surprise since it had expected Shang to be thrown away by the Wind Mana.

The Addum in Shang's hand shone brightly as Light and Fire Mana gathered.

He was increasing the mass of the weapon while also heating it up to terrifying degrees.

And then, he struck forward.

CRK!

Yet, just when Shang had started his slash, a terrifying claw made of ice came out of the serpent's body, right where Shang had planned on hitting it.

Shang didn't want to get rid of the Mana he had already gathered and struck the claw since he couldn't hit the body anymore.

ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

CRACK!

As soon as the Addum hit the claw, it created a terrifying, burning cut that went through the entire claw.

The cut traveled through the claw and the arm until it reached the serpent's body.

The serpent's eyes shone with blue light for a moment.

CRACK!

And then, the icy armor around the serpent's body burst into flames.

A moment later, the ice turned to water, which then turned to steam.

Warriors had the ability to make the power of their attack travel through an enemy's body. That was how ancient warriors could kill beasts that were kilometers tall with weapons that were barely a meter long.

Shang had done just that, which was how the serpent's icy claw had been bisected.

Usually, Shang's attack would have hit the serpent, cutting it in two, but the serpent had used a counter of its own.

It had completely cut off all the connection between it and its icy armor and claw. 

Because of that, Shang's attack traveled through the icy claw and armor, destroying the entire thing in an instant, but that was it.

The entire thing was destroyed.

There was no link between the icy armor and the serpent anymore.

This was the exact ability the serpent had used against Shang's first attack, and sure enough, it had proven to be troublesome.

The serpent created some distance between it and Shang again, and while it was doing so, more claws made of ice appeared on its body.

In just a moment, four claws of ice appeared on the serpent's body.

The claws were almost a kilometer long and made of powerful ice.

It was almost like the serpent had transformed into some sort of lizard.

Suddenly, one of its claws moved backward, almost like it was trying to throw something.

And then, it actually made a throwing motion.

SHING!

Fast!

BOOOOM!

Shang was instantly shot into the distance, breaking through the thick storm of water and ice in less than an instant.