Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

672  Chapter 672 – Five Remain

As soon as the fight started, contestant 32 shot at Lei, who only grinned arrogantly.

Contestant 32 was at the Mid Diamond Body Stage, while Lei was at the Early Impose Stage. In a way, Lei was one level below contestant 32.

BANG!

Lei hit contestant 32's tower shield with his trident, and the two of them deadlocked.

This surprised the onlookers quite a bit.

A Diamond Body increased someone's power even more, and contestant 32 was also a level above Lei.

Yet, Lei managed to clash with contestant 32's strength directly.

With just this one clash, the warriors noticed that Lei wasn't just talk.

Contestant 32 quickly pushed Lei's trident to the side, but Lei just used the force to spin his trident and used the butt of his trident to push the enemy's spear to the side.

The power of Impose that Lei had demonstrated earlier appeared again, and contestant 32's spear was thrown to the side.

BANG!

But contestant 32 blocked with his tower shield.

From that moment on, Lei released one attack after the other, and contestant 32 was constantly on the defensive. He was being flung further and further away, and his blocks became sloppier.

And then…

BANG!

A shield made of Mana appeared in front of contestant 32's chest, blocking Lei's attack.

The warriors looked with grimaces at the two combatants.

The two of them stopped moving, and Lei only smirked at contestant 32 while contestant 32 took a deep breath.

"It was a good fight," contestant 32 said after taking a deep breath.

Obviously, the warriors weren't supposed to fight to the death. All the present warriors had received a Magic Circle that would block a fatal attack, and when that Magic Circle was triggered, the person using it would lose.

"Eh, I've had better," Lei said with his arrogant smirk.

The warriors furrowed their brows in annoyance.

Lei didn't even give them a basic form of respect.

Contestant 32 left without saying anything, walking toward the edge of the huge arena.

Lei snorted and also returned to his previous position near the edge.

"The warrior known as Lei has defeated contestant 32 and will take his place," the Ancestral Mage announced.

Lei was now contestant 32.

"Next fight, contestant 31 versus the foreign warrior in the silver cloak," the Ancestral Mage announced.

The warrior in the silver cloak stepped into the middle of the arena as contestant 31 entered.

Contestant 31 was an older warrior with blue armor and a huge sword.

Surprisingly, the mysterious warrior didn't take off their cloak and only summoned their weapon.

When everyone saw the weapon, they were quite surprised.

That was rare!

It was a composite bow!

Nearly no warrior at the Diamond Body Stage used a bow as their weapon of choice. Contestant 31 furrowed his brows and readied himself for the fight.

No one knew how powerful this mysterious warrior would be.

When the Ancestral Mage announced the start of the fight, contestant 31 shot forward.

The mysterious warrior just pulled back the string, and a metallic arrow crackling with lightning appeared on the bow.

Then, they loosened the arrow.

Contestant 31 blocked with his huge sword.

BOOOM!

Contestant 31's charge was immediately halted, his huge sword was fiercely pushed into his body, and he was flung backward.

The watching warriors took a deep breath in shock.

With just one arrow, contestant 31 was thrown into the distance.

The mysterious warrior simply readied another arrow and fired at contestant 31 again.

BANG!

Contestant 31's Mana Shield activated, signaling the end of the fight.

The arrow would have killed him.

This was brutal!

By now, everyone was certain.

The warrior in the silver cloak was more powerful than Lei!

The Ancestral Mage announced the result, and the warrior in the silver cloak became the new contestant 31.

Contestant 31 took a deep breath. "Your power has humbled me. Thank you for the fight, no matter how short it was," he said to the mysterious warrior.

Surprisingly, the mysterious warrior bowed slightly in a polite manner before walking to the edge of the arena.

In comparison to Lei, this warrior wasn't nearly as arrogant and boisterous.

After these two fights, the official tournament started.

13:51

The fights had all been shuffled, and Lord Starsky had placed the four most interesting contestants as far away from each other as possible.

He could already envision the semifinals and the finals.

The different contestants fought each other in the first round.

Contestant 1 easily won against contestant 30.

Contestant 12 had a hard fight against contestant 16, but he won.

Contestant 32, Lei, won against contestant 20 after an average battle.

Contestant 31 destroyed contestant 18.

Contestants 1, 12, 31, and 32 made it to the second round.

Contestant 1 easily won against contestant 5.

Contestant 12 had a difficult fight against contestant 9, but he won.

Contestant 32 got his first opponent, who was actually difficult to defeat, contestant 13, but he won.

Contestant 31 destroyed contestant 7.

All four of them made it to the quarterfinals.

Now only eight contestants were left.

Contestants 1, 2, 3, 4, 8, 12, 31, and 32.

The first match was contestant 1 against contestant 3.

Contestant 3 was in the Late Diamond Body Stage, but contestant 1 won against him after a short fight.

Contestant 2 fought against contestant 8 and won.

The battle was quite long, but in the end, contestant 2 won.

Contestant 31 fought against contestant 4.

This time, the battle wasn't as easy for contestant 31.

Contestant 31 actually needed to move around the arena and shoot several arrows. Contestant 4 definitely wasn't easy, especially since he was at the Late Diamond Body Stage.

However, contestant 31 won in the end.

At the moment, the confirmed warriors in the semifinals were contestants 1, 2, and 31.

This left one last fight in the quarterfinals.

Contestant 12 versus contestant 32.

The battle was long and brutal, and the onlooking warriors and Mages were quite impressed. These two warriors were quite talented, and they both were powerful enough to fight an Archmage on their level.

One had to remember that contestant 1 was at the Peak Diamond Body Stage, and contestant 2 was at the Late Diamond Body Stage.

Yet, these two were actually in the Early Fifth Realm.

If they were actually at the Late or Peak Fifth Realm, wouldn't they be more powerful than everyone else?

After a long and exciting battle, a winner emerged. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

The winner was…

Join my Discord:

 