Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

As Shang continued flying towards the north, he also saw the first Archmage Clouds.

There were currently three of them sitting in a circle and talking animatedly about several complex runes and Magic Circles they had drawn on the ground.

However, before Shang could actually hear what the three of them were talking about, all three of them stopped talking and frowned.

"Hey!" one of them shouted in annoyance. "Listening in on other people's conversation is rude!"

Shang was quite surprised when he heard that. He wasn't specifically trying to remain hidden, but just by sheer habit, Shang had still looked at them in a very covert manner.

Yet, all three of them immediately noticed his spying as soon as he actually paid attention.

This only happened to Shang when he tried to look at someone more powerful than him.

However, these three Archmages were all weaker than him.

Shang also couldn't feel any complicated Magic Circles around them that could alert someone of foreign Spirit Senses.

This meant that the three of them had noticed Shang just by instinct.

After Shang heard their complaint, he simply looked away again. He wasn't actually really interested in what they were talking about. He had simply been looking around, and the three of them had just caught his Spirit Sense.

The three couldn't see Shang since he was outside their Spirit Sense's range, but they could still tell that he had looked away. 

"Probably a new Ancestral Mage," one of them said to the others. "They always snoop around because they are not used to everyone noticing their Spirit Sense."

After that, the three of them resumed talking about whatever they had been talking about before.

A couple of seconds later, Shang also saw a huge arena, almost as big as the one in Star City, but in comparison to the one in Star City, this one wasn't nearly as luxurious.

The one in Star City had huge walls and an expensive floor, but this one was just basically a huge hole in the ground without any walls whatsoever. Shang wasn't quite sure if this was where the Clouds practiced against each other or if they also fought to the death here.

Nevertheless, the arena was rather barren, and Shang could only tell it was an arena by the couple of Magic Circles around it.

Currently, there was no one near or in the arena.

After that, Shang saw a single Ancestral Mage sitting in the sky above the clouds. They were just focusing on the cold wind around them. By the looks of things, they were trying to comprehend a Concept.

Shang could feel that this Ancestral Mage was just as outstanding as everyone else.

Then, the Ancestral Mage suddenly opened their eyes and looked at Shang with annoyance.

A moment later, Shang felt a headache coming on, but it wasn't so bad.

Shang guessed that the Ancestral Mage probably got distracted by his Spirit Sense and got annoyed.

Shang just looked away, ignored them, and continued flying toward the north.

He didn't see it, but the Ancestral Mage opened their eyes wide in shock.

Why didn't that Cloud react at all?!

They had just used a powerful Spell that put pressure on someone's mind, which would cause quite a bit of pain.

The Ancestral Mage had felt that their Spell had worked, but that guy just hadn't reacted at all.

That made no sense!Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

The Ancestral Mage kept looking at Shang for a couple more seconds in interest, but in the end, they looked away again.

There were many strange people here.

The next thing Shang saw was some kind of gigantic waterfall. It was over ten kilometers tall and over a hundred meters deep. The amount of water falling down from it was absolutely unreal. 

Shang saw two people meditating in front of it, but he didn't look close enough for them to notice him, but he also wasn't sure how strong they were because of that.

Shang assumed that this was a spot to comprehend the level four Concept of River, which probably meant that the people in front of it were Ancestral Mages.

It was a bit surprising that Shang had seen just as many Ancestral Mages as Archmages in the new territory up to now.

  A couple of kilometers further, Shang could see a huge hole, nearly ten kilometers wide and endlessly deep.

Shang couldn't even sense the bottom, which meant that it was unfathomably deep.

The powers of Gravity and Earth were probably extremely strong down there.

Shang couldn't feel anyone near or in the hole, but it could also be that the people that were there were just too deep in the hole for Shang to feel.

A couple of seconds later, Shang saw something that shocked him.

He had seen a lot of interesting things in the last couple of seconds, but this one was by far the most shocking.

It was a sword!

It was a humongous sword!

In the distance was a sword that was over 100 kilometers long, and it was stuck in the ground!

Shang could feel an absolutely ancient and overpowering aura coming from it, but despite its obvious age, it looked completely new.

Its shiny metal glittered in the mellow winter light, and the snowflakes and icicles carried by the wind danced around it.

Shang could feel an insanely brutal amount of aggressive Metal Mana come off it. In fact, there was so much Metal Mana coming off it that Shang felt like he couldn't even get close to it.

Somehow, Shang knew that if he decided to come too close to the sword, he would be cut apart by the metal.

This shocked Shang deeply.

He felt like this sword was just as powerful as the Lightning Sea!

This could only mean one thing.

This sword had once belonged to a non-Mage of the Ninth Realm!

For the first time, Shang was seeing an actual remnant of the past.

Something physical that demonstrated the power of the physical fighters from the past!

"Stop!"