Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"Why not?" Shang asked.

"You see, we fill a huge hall with a lot of Mana and insert several Concepts. The Mana in the hall moves around in rapid waves, and the movement of the waves makes it easier to look at the primal forces. It's not that easy to explain to a non-Mage."

"Fact is, what you want to achieve is not the standard form of Void Casting. The most effective form of Void Casting is using a unique Mixed Concept comprised of Space, Time, and Gravity Concepts to achieve a compressive effect on the Mana around you."

"But that is only something that the Empires know. The Void Casting that people outside use is more primitive, where people just force Mana into a small space with their minds. What you are trying to do is more similar to this form of Void Casting, but we only teach the better version, which is the one exclusive to Empires."

"That's why our method wouldn't work for you. The core principles are completely different," Fleros explained.

Shang frowned. "But there should be some other way to help me achieve what I want, right?"

"Of course," Fleros said with a smirk, "and even if there isn't, with enough money, we will simply make one for you."

"Right now, I'm still not entirely sure how you plan on comprehending your unique form of Void Casting. I would need more information to find a suitable training method. Could you tell me what you have already done and how it has affected your comprehension of Void Casting?"

Shang nodded and told Fleros about the training he had done in the last 20 years.

When Fleros heard about the Isolation Chamber, he asked for confirmation several times.

It was very difficult for him to come to terms with what Shang had done to himself.

Eventually, he could only accept it, and he continued to listen to Shang.

"Okay, I think I know what you are trying to do," Flores said after a deep sigh. 

"While our Void Casting works with Concepts and the power of our Minds, yours is more of an instinctual action that requires significant altering of your body."

"You essentially want to change the elasticity and tenacity of your Mana Pathways. You want to absorb a large amount of Mana in an instant, shove it into your Mana Pathways, and then explosively release it."

"Naturally, keeping this huge amount of Mana indefinitely would be impossible since that would essentially just signify a minor breakthrough. After all, that's how Realms work. We just get the ability to retain and use more Mana."

"What you want to do is to not increase your Realm but still essentially gain the power of an increased Realm by temporarily increasing your power."

"Is that correct so far?" Fleros asked.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Shang nodded. Fleros had perfectly described what he wanted to do.

In a way, Shang had expected that Fleros, as a powerful Mage Lord, could quickly understand what Shang was trying to do, but it still surprised him a bit.

The principle that Shang had created over 20 years had been completely understood and simplified in a matter of seconds by Fleros.

Once more, Shang could feel the difference between a warrior's and a Mage's mind.

"Good," Fleros said. "Now, let me explain why your stunt with the Isolation Chamber doesn't give constant results."

Now, Shang grew interested.

He didn't know the answer to that question yet.

"By starving your body of Mana and forcing it to go into extreme Mana withdrawal, you are advancing your body into a certain direction by using up your momentum."

This was not something Shang had expected.

"As you know, we all need momentum to achieve a breakthrough. I have heard from Lucin that you have used up that accumulated momentum in the Fourth Realm during every small breakthrough, correct?"

Shang nodded.

"This took the momentum that you gained by comprehending your Imposes away from you, forcing you to comprehend something else to reach the Fifth Realm. Of course, I've also heard that you hadn't even tried to break through before that, but that doesn't change the fact that it would have been impossible regardless."

"Anyway, what you are doing right now is the same thing but in a more unofficial or softer form. Instead of using up your momentum during a breakthrough, you are using it up in a moment of absolute crisis for your body."

"The same force that has increased the power of your Mana Pathways to support the creation of a Beast Core is now changing your Mana Pathways again, but in a different manner this time."

"This time, it is focusing on elasticity. Your Mana Pathways can temporarily hold more Mana by simply having the ability to expand more than normal."

"However, there is a limit to this expansion. Your Mana Pathways are not in a vacuum but inside your body, and the pressure of your body is also keeping them suppressed. Therefore, they can only expand so much."

"The reason why you can't train like that continuously is that you need to increase the tenacity of your Mana Pathways first."

"You could say that elasticity increases the volume of your Mana Pathways while tenacity increases the density. By absorbing these Spells from the Ancestral Mages you have been fighting against, you are essentially damaging and tempering your Mana Pathways. You could view it like hammering some steel."

"However, when the tenacity increases, the elasticity decreases."

"But here comes the kicker."

"When the elasticity increases, the tenacity DOESN'T decrease."

"Your training is like eating and digesting. First, you need to eat. Then, you can digest. By continuously entering the Isolation Chamber, you are essentially eating without digesting."

"So, your hunch of giving it more time between sessions was correct."

"Now, since we know what your training is doing now, we can find ways to improve it."

"Apparently, you have the aspect of training your Mana Pathway's elasticity covered. I don't think it's possible to find a better way to increase it other than to get you to the Life Emperor and have him change your body manually."

"But there is obviously a lot we can do for the tenacity aspect."

Shang had already become extremely interested.

"Which are?"

Fleros smirked.

"I've already thought of a few."