Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Silence.

The onlookers still couldn't comprehend what they had just heard.

Did Lucin just declare the warrior the winner?

But how?!

Just like any other Mage, Erel had had his Mana Shield active. 

It was impossible to break through a Mana Shield that quickly!

The blood covering Shang slowly started to turn into black dust before it completely vanished.

It wasn't his own blood.

Lucin had to take another deep breath as he thought back to what he had seen just now.

As a Thunder, Lucin was powerful enough to easily perceive everything that had happened in slow motion.

He knew exactly what had happened, and the sheer potential that Shang had just shown deeply shocked him.

The fact that Shang had won so fast was mostly due to a devastating error made by Erel.

Erel had used his first two casts to create two Domains. One Domain would slow down the time of everything in the arena, while the other Spell would distort everyone's senses.

This would make his opponent slower while also blinding them.

If Erel had managed to hide within his Domain, this would have become a difficult battle for Shang.

But exactly that was the problem.

Erel had been greedy.

He had set up both Domains without readying a Mana Step.

If he had managed to get everything ready, he would have been terrifyingly powerful.

But he didn't.

In terms of mortal fighting, this would be like Erel readying a flying back kick while Shang elbowed the back of Erel's head before he could finish it.

Was Erel powerful enough to put up an actual fight against Shang?

Of course!

But he had made one fatal mistake.

He had taken Shang lightly.

Due to being underestimated, Shang had essentially received one free shot.

And that was everything he needed.

So, what had happened exactly?

As soon as Lucin had given the start signal, Erel's two Domains were stretching across the arena.

Meanwhile, Shang's stance had lowered.

Then, his body was surrounded by fire and ice, the temperature of his body fluctuating crazily.

At the same time, the atmosphere around him solidified, and Shang's feet pressed against the solid atmosphere.

Simultaneously, Shang's body withered as a streak of darkness appeared in front of him.

And then, everything started.

Shang jumped forward.

The fire and ice around him exploded out.

The streak of darkness transported Shang forward at the speed of a Mana Step.

Everything around Shang exploded, and Space seemed to tear as Shang passed through it.

The black streak had essentially moved Shang's starting point to the middle of the arena, which meant that Shang had essentially started to explode forward while being halfway to his target already.

And as Shang exploded forward with incomparable speeds, he lifted his Subsis.

The Light Mana around the Subsis started to stop and become passive.

This was the power of the Concept of Subtraction.

It destroyed the will on the Light Mana around it, transforming it into something neutral.

Of course, Shang's body also became weaker the more Light Mana he turned neutral.

After traveling for over a kilometer, Shang's Subsis had destroyed enough of the Light Mana's will to ruin the Domain.

From a Domain that had been controlled by Erel, it had transformed into a dense and neutral mass of Light Mana.

And when that happened, Shang's Subsis did something else.

Ever since Shang had taken part in the God's trial for the Fusion Realm, Shang had already planned out how his two swords would work.

From the very beginning, Shang had created the Addum for the purpose of fighting with two swords.

The Addum wasn't supposed to be used on its own.

It needed the second sword to show its true power.

And today, the true power of the Path Shang had created was unleashed.

After destroying all the will, Shang's Subsis used the Concept of Subtraction to absorb all the Light Mana in the surroundings. 

The Domain Erel had created had been absorbed by Shang's Subsis.

And then, all the power flowed into Shang's body.

Shang's Mana Pathways expanded crazily, and they nearly broke under immense stress.

There had been so much Mana shoved into Shang's body that it was ridiculous!

All the foreign Mana flowed through Shang's body, and as it did so, Shang's Concept of Addition transformed its properties.

From extreme brightness, it was transformed into extreme mass.

Shang was already swinging his Addum forward, and during that powerful swing, Shang used his Concept of Addition to push all the extreme mass Light Mana into his Addum.

Shang also pushed all of his own Mana into it to strengthen it even further.

Due to the overwhelming speed of Shang's body, the Addum's swing had already been filled with extreme power, but with the addition of so much Light Mana that increased its weight severalfold, the swing had reached a level of power that couldn't be compared to anything in the Fifth Realm.

Shang's Addum had hit Erel's Mana Shield.

Erel's Mana Shield broke like a thin pane of glass.

The Addum cut through Erel's body like it was air.

Shang's body continued speeding forward.

Shang's body hit Erel's body.

Shang was thousands of times heavier and harder than Erel.

It was like a human from Earth being hit by a train going several times the speed of sound.

Erel essentially stopped existing, only leaving behind some gore and blood.

The explosive sound everyone had heard had been the power and momentum of Shang's Addum traveling forward and hitting the edge of the arena.

It was like half of the arena had crashed into itself.

Shang's fighting style for the Fusion Realm had finally been completed.

The Concept of Subtraction would destroy the enemy's Spell, turning it into a neutral resource that could be used by anyone.

Then, Shang would use that resource by absorbing it with the Concept of Subtraction via the Subsis.

Shang had designed his Subsis to siphon power out of the world and his opponent.

Even though Shang hadn't even nearly completed comprehending Void Casting, he could still use a bit of it already.

By temporarily absorbing all the power gathered by his Subsis, Shang could transform the properties of the absorbed Mana. He could transform it into something that could increase the power of his own attack.

And then, that absorbed power was added to the Addum with the Concept of Addition to unleash a terrifyingly powerful attack that vastly outclassed what Shang could unleash with his own power.

The Subsis was extremely fast, agile, and could steal power.

The Addum was slow, heavy, and could unleash terrifying power.

All of this gave Shang enough power to destroy his opponent in one strike.