Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Shang made his decision very quickly.

He shot over to the Focus and blew it apart with his Addum.

As soon as the Focus got destroyed, Cindy's eyes shone.

WHOOOOM!

Cindy released even more of the strange Ice Mana, and since there was no more new Fire Mana entering the arena, the white wall moved downward.

At this moment, the destructive white wall was coming closer and closer to Shang.

There was no escape.

Shang had to very quickly evaluate all his options and come up with a plan.

Ghost Step? Useless.

Comet? Useless.

Changing Temperatures? Useless.

Destroying the will? That would nearly kill Shang and use up all his life energy. He might survive, but getting through the wall didn't mean winning the fight. Cindy still had Mana left, and with Shang nearly dead, she would most likely win.

Absorbing the Mana? Impossible due to the will.

Reflecting the Spell? Not possible.

Refracting the Spell? Not possible.

Increase or decrease the mass in the surroundings? Won't work.

Release more Fire or Ice Mana to attack the border? That would just reshape the border, not get rid of it.

Destroy the Fire Mana around him? That would make the area smaller, speeding up the approach of the border.

Fill the surroundings with Fire Mana to change the density? The weird Fire Mana would adapt the properties of the normal Fire Mana, and everything around Shang, including himself, would explode.

Shang took a deep breath as the white border approached.

'Seems like I can't win without showing some powers of the Child of Calamity,' Shang thought. 

'Several Mage Lords, and maybe even a Mage King, are watching the fight, which is why I didn't want to use any of these abilities. However, that's still better than dying.'

'If I don't use them, I will die. If I use them, I might still survive.'

'I only hope that the conclusion I have come to earlier isn't wrong.'

'People know of the Child of Calamity, but they don't know what the Child of Calamity can do.'

'If that's true, no one will suspect that I am the Child of Calamity.'

'Well, I don't really have a different choice anyway.'

Shang readied his swords and shot upward.

In an instant, he reached the border.

WHOOOOOOM!

And then, everything around Shang started to transform into nothingness.

Domain of Entropy!

Shang couldn't get rid of all the will or the Mana the normal way, but with the Domain of Entropy, this wasn't a problem.

The Domain of Entropy simply transformed everything into neutral Mana, including the border, and it wouldn't even consume a lot of Shang's body since he only had to get rid of the little bit of Mana that made up the border and not all the Mana in the arena.

Shang's Domain of Entropy worked very differently from the Concepts of Subtraction and Addition.

As soon as Shang reached the border, the white border just vanished.

At this moment, Shang was in the middle of the border, but there was a grey area around him, splitting the border in two.

And then, he passed the border.

ZZZZZZZZZ!

The area below Shang continued exploding, but Shang was unaffected.

His Domain of Entropy had also gotten rid of the Fire Mana inside his body.

As soon as Shang entered the space filled with Ice Mana, Shang pointed his Subsis towards Cindy, its tip exiting Shang's Domain of Entropy.

​ Cindy only watched Shang with shocked and terrified eyes.

How?!

And then, Shang's Subsis released a tiny bit of regular Frost Mana.

CRK!

All the strange properties of the surrounding Ice Mana vanished, and all the strange Ice Mana was transformed into regular Ice Mana.

In an instant, the entire space above the border froze.

Due to Shang's Domain of Entropy, none of the Ice Mana had been around him, and since it had also lost its explosive properties, Shang had felt zero impact from the Ice Mana's transformation.

However, the intense freezing effect of the Ice Mana would have put a huge strain on Cindy's Mana Shield.

Shang felt the surrounding Ice Mana, and he could feel that Cindy's will was still on it.

That meant that Cindy was still alive.

However, that wasn't a big problem.

A terrifying amount of Ice Mana shot out of Shang's body as his own body became hotter and hotter.

And then, Shang shot forward with his Subsis pointed forward.

The penetrating effect of Shang's Subsis cut the solid ice in front of him apart, and the temperature of Shang's body was kept at a healthy level.Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

This was not an attack shooting at Shang but Shang shooting forward. This meant that the speed at which Shang traveled through the ice was decided by him, making it extremely easy to manage his own temperature.

Shang shot through the ice at extreme speeds, and he arrived at the spot where Cindy had been earlier in nearly an instant.

Cindy wasn't there anymore, but Shang could feel the slight difference in the ice around him, which meant that Cindy had dug away and created a wall of ice behind her.

Mana Step couldn't be used to move through solid objects, and this ice was solid.

Even more, they also couldn't feel each other with their Spirit Senses for the same reason.

Shang kept charging forward, following the trail.

And then, Shang felt Cindy.

When they were only 50 meters apart, Shang could feel Cindy with his Spirit Sense. Sure, the solid matter made Spirit Senses nearly useless, but Shang could still see the 50 meters around him.

Cindy hadn't noticed him yet due to the difference in their Spirit Senses.

Shang pulled his Addum back and slashed forward.

BOOOOOOOOM!

Everything for 500 meters in front of Shang exploded!

Cindy's Mana Shield vibrated under stress.

BOOM!

Since all the ice was now gone, there was now nothing between Cindy and Shang.

How long would Shang need to travel 50 meters through the air without any obstruction?

Cindy couldn't even react.

Shang immediately arrived beside her, and he hit her Mana Shield with his Addum.

CRACK!

The Mana Shield exploded.

Cindy stopped thinking in horror.

The last thing she saw was Shang's Subsis moving toward her eyes.

SHING!

Shang's Subsis stabbed through Cindy's head, and an instant later, her body started to wither and decay as Shang's body recovered.

The fight was over.