Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The door to the Isolation Chamber opened, and a fleshy sludge was revealed.

A moment later, green water appeared inside the Isolation Chamber and coated the fleshy sludge.

At the same time, all the Mana in the surroundings flowed into the Isolation Chamber and vanished.

After a couple of seconds, a person seemed to materialize in the sludge, and they eventually stepped out.

Shang had recovered.

This period of being in the Isolation Chamber was just as horrible as all the previous ones.

Shang could deal with a lot of suffering, but the Isolation Chamber was still terrifying to him.

And now, he was glad.

He was glad that it was finally over.

Shang focused on his body, and he could feel his Mana Pathways.

They were so strong!

They were even harder and tougher than his bones!

In the True Path Stage, Shang had used his momentum to strengthen his Mana Pathways, and now, he had done the same thing again.

The momentum from comprehending a couple of Concepts and two additional Paths with Imposes had fully been used up to increase the power of Shang's Mana Pathways even more.

Six Paths.

Six Imposes.

Several Concepts.

World Connection.

All of this had been pushed into Shang's Mana Pathways.

And now, Shang's Mana Pathways were strong enough.

Shang took a deep breath and just enjoyed the sensation of his power.

Then, Shang took to the sky and flew out of the Isolation Barrier.

Now that there was no more Death Mana around him, Shang could try out his new power.

He lifted his right arm and clenched his fist.

WHOOOOM!

All the Mana in the surroundings shot into Shang's body.

Shang felt his Mana Pathways swell up.

The pressure inside them became more and more powerful.

In just an instant, the pressure became so powerful that Shang's Mana Pathways were close to bursting.

Yet, Shang trusted in his training.

He knew that this was a valid way to reach the next Realm, and the power of something like that couldn't be so simple.

So, Shang absorbed even more Mana.

Shang's Mana Pathways shook in stress, and several cracks appeared on them.

Shang didn't stop.

More Mana entered his body.

The shaking intensified.

Shang took a deep breath.

And then, something happened.

The Mana inside Shang's Mana Pathways vanished!

It was like a dam had been broken, and the Mana surrounding Shang flooded into him like crazy.

The surrounding kilometers of Mana were completely absorbed by Shang.

But it just kept going!

The surrounding 50 kilometers were absorbed.

The surrounding 500 kilometers were absorbed.

And when Shang absorbed the surrounding 1,000 kilometers, it finally slowed down.

Shang stopped absorbing Mana, and he took another deep breath.

Right now, Shang had just as much Mana inside his Mana Pathways as always, but something had changed.

Shang's Mana Pathways.

A tranquil blue glow surrounded Shang's Mana Pathways. It was almost like his Mana Pathways had been painted with a bit of blue paint.

Shang could feel it.

The power of his Mana Pathways had increased severalfold.

His Mana Pathways couldn't be compared to before anymore.

They were so incredibly hard!

And even more, they had expanded!

There were far more now!

Each Mana Pathway Shang had created in the past now had several more Mana Pathways come out of it, extending towards Shang's skin.

Shang's Mana Pathways had created a layer just below his skin.

When Shang saw that, he grew beyond excited.

Earlier, his Mana Pathways had already been harder than his bones, and now, they had become several times harder than before!

With every little part of his skin now being covered by his Mana Pathways, Shang realized that his defense had essentially quadrupled!

Even more, since every bit of his body was now covered with Mana Pathways, Shang's reaction time also increased!

Lastly, the sheer pressure of the Mana Pathways pushed all the Mana into Shang's muscles, organs, and bones, which meant that they were now filled with four times as much Mana as before.

This meant that Shang's speed and power had quadrupled!

That was an increase of an entire level!

On top of that, his defense also underwent a full-level increase!

This meant that Shang's body was on the level of the Initial Sixth Realm now!

But he was still in the Peak Fusion Realm!

And that wasn't even everything!

Shang felt that he could absorb an entire level of Mana for just an instant to strengthen his attack.

However, using this ability would cost around 20% of Shang's life energy.

Nevertheless, the increase in his power shocked even Shang himself.

Shang had expected to become far stronger, but he hadn't expected the result to be this good!

It was beyond shocking!

And he wasn't even at the Sixth Realm yet!

He was still at the Peak Fusion Realm!F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

This increase was ridiculous!

It was absolutely ridiculous!

It was like Shang was dreaming.

His power had increased by so much!

It had been worth it!

All the suffering had been worth it!

He made the right choice!

Shang almost couldn't believe it.

Yet, a couple of kilometers away, someone was looking at him.

It was Lucin.

And right now, his eyes were filled with deep pity.

What Lucin had just witnessed was tragic.

Why did things have to end like this?

Yet, maybe, if it were him…

Maybe he could do it?

But the chances were tiny.

They were minuscule.

Lucin took a deep breath and flew over to Shang.

"Shang," Lucin said.

Shang was distracted by Lucin's voice and looked over. "Yes?" he asked, not cold and emotionless for once.

Shang could feel Lucin's current mood, and he became confused.

"Shang, I need to bring you to Queen Primordium," he said.

Shang immediately became suspicious and alert. "Why?" he asked.

Lucin took a deep breath. "You accidentally made a mistake that could kill you."

Shang became shocked. "Mistake?"

Lucin nodded.

"Just now, you accidentally consumed the entire momentum gained by understanding your version of Void Casting," Lucin said.

Shang's mind stopped working.

"You can't reach the Sixth Realm like this."

"You're stuck at the Peak of the Fifth Realm."

Shang didn't move.

The couple of white hairs that had appeared on his head due to age just blew in the wind.