Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Silence.

Shang didn't say anything for a long time.

He had consumed his momentum?

It was a simple sentence, but for some reason, Shang couldn't understand it.

What did Lucin mean by that he had consumed his momentum?

Shang had finally comprehended his version of Void Casting, right?

He needed that to reach the Sixth Realm, right?

And now, he couldn't reach the Sixth Realm?

But he was already 900 years old!

He only had a century left!

"What?" Shang asked after several seconds.

Lucin nodded. "You heard me correctly. You used up all of your momentum to transform your body just now. I couldn't see what exactly you did since my Spirit Sense can't look into your body, but I can feel that a monumental change has occurred."

"And such a monumental change can only happen by consuming a significant amount of momentum."

Shang couldn't focus on anything, and he felt like the entire world was vanishing around him.

That was impossible!

How?!

Shang's mind recounted everything that had happened in the last couple of minutes.

The passive increase of Shang's Mana.

The new ability to absorb an entire level of Mana and unleash it.

Slowly, Shang started to understand what had happened.

Earlier, he couldn't believe that his power had increased by that much. After all, his entire body was essentially already a level higher, and with the additional active ability, Shang could increase his power by another level for one attack.

In essence, Shang could unleash an attack two levels above himself just with those two things, which was ridiculously powerful.

And exactly that was the problem.

It was too much.

It was too powerful.

Shang had already known what his ability would be roughly. 

He knew that he would gain the ability to absorb a lot of Mana and add it to his power.

This had been Shang's goal from the beginning, and this had been what he had worked towards.

So, where did that passive increase in Mana come from?

His momentum.

Just like Shang had used up the momentum of his additional Imposes and Concepts to increase the power of his Mana Pathways, he had now used up the momentum of his Void Casting to increase the power of his Mana Pathways even further.

Shang was supposed to stop, but he actually didn't.

Shang thought about what had happened again, and this time, he noticed something else.

When Shang had absorbed even more Mana back then, his body had actually been screaming at him.

It had been in unbearable pain.

Shang had absorbed too much Mana, and it was screaming at him that he was about to die!

Yet, Shang's unreasonable resistance to pain and danger had made him blind to his body's warnings, and he had just continued confidently.

So, instead of exploding and dying, Shang's body converted the momentum into even more power.

With all of this, Shang's Battle-Strength had essentially reached unprecedented levels.

But…

For how long?

Shang was already around 900 years old.

He barely had a century left!

He only had a single century to gain enough momentum to reach the Sixth Realm!

"Hey, wake up!"

Shang's head snapped to Lucin, who had just shouted.

"I know this is a big shock, but we don't have any time to waste," Lucin said. "Usually, I am not someone that protects Clouds from their own decisions, but I think your case is special due to the Concepts you comprehended and the way you have used up your momentum."

"You have probably gained incredible power with that move, but you also blocked your only path out of this situation."

"However, if we can make use of this situation and get you out of it, we might be able to gain an extremely powerful King in the future."

"Maybe we can make you powerful enough to resist King Sanctified Death."

"So, for the good of the Lightning Manor, I need you to pull yourself together and follow me to Queen Primordium," Lucin said.

Shang heard Lucin's words, and he realized that things might not be as dire as he believed.

Maybe, there was a way out of this.

"Yes, you're right," Shang said with a nod.

Lucin also nodded and summoned a small Transportation Plate below Shang.

"To believe that you would get to enter the Lightning Manor again after only a bit more than a century," Lucin said with a sigh.

Shang didn't answer, and the two of them shot toward the Lightning Manor.

For a while, Shang thought about all the possible ways out of this situation.

He just needed to reach the next Realm, which meant that he just needed enough momentum for a major breakthrough.

The quality of the breakthrough itself wasn't that important. By comprehending his own version of Void Casting, Shang's being had already entered a completely new level.

He just needed a way to reach the Sixth Realm.

And he already had a plan.

However, he still wanted to talk to Queen Primordium.

Maybe he was wrong, or maybe there was more to this entire thing. It would help to have a powerful Mage King take a look at Shang.

For a moment, Shang focused on Lucin.

If Lucin hadn't exactly told him what happened and if he hadn't immediately offered to bring Shang to Queen Primordium…

Things could have turned out horrible.

"Thank you," Shang said.

"No problem," Lucin answered absentmindedly.F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

He didn't think much of it.

Shang became silent again and focused on the surroundings.

He was telling himself that he was calm and that there was nothing he needed to worry about, but he was still worried.

The two of them broke through the Lightning Sea and reached the Lightning Manor in a timely manner.

After landing, the two of them entered the Lightning Manor and directly headed for Queen Primordium's room.

Lucin quickly used the Spell to inform Queen Primordium about what had happened.

Luckily, Queen Primordium opened her door after just a couple of seconds.

"Yes?" she asked.

"We have a problem," Lucin said.

Shang still couldn't see Queen Primordium, but he could feel that she was analyzing him.

Then, Shang felt the surrounding space shake intensely.