Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The space around Shang shook due to Queen Primordium's shock.

As a Mage King, Queen Primordium had a very close connection to the world, and her perception could pick up things that even millions of Mage Lords couldn't.

Obviously, since Shang was here, this meant that Lucin's problem was related to Shang.

So, she analyzed Shang very quickly, and what she saw made her question reality for just an instant.

It was a being at the Initial Sixth Realm that was at the Peak Fifth Realm.

It made no sense.

The very thing that made up Realms was the amount of Mana one could have inside of themselves.

Many different Mages from many different levels knew many different Concepts and many different Spells.

The Battle-Strength of every Mage was made up of innumerable different things.

Yet, the Realm was always the same.

Sure, under some circumstances, one could have more Mana than normal, but that advantage would come with a disadvantage, which mostly was a weakening of someone's control.

Due to the amount of Mana in someone's being, a sort of pressure and Aura formed around that person, which told other people at what level they were.

A warrior with a Diamond Body might have more Mana than an Impose Stage warrior, but it wasn't nearly as ridiculous as an entire increase of a level. Even more, the instability of these warriors' control could also be felt in their Auras.

But Shang was different.

Right now, Shang was a walking impossibility.

He exhibited the pressure of someone in the Initial Sixth Realm, but he had the unmistakable Aura of someone in the Peak Fifth Realm.

There was no sign of any sort of disadvantage that came with having that much Mana.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

It literally was just like Shang had four times as much Mana as he should have.

But that was absolutely ridiculous!

Queen Primordium had never even heard of something like that!

However, Queen Primordium was a Mage King, and her mind moved at speeds that no one could comprehend.

She quickly found a way this could have happened, and she realized how problematic this could be.

"You consumed your momentum?" she asked.

Shang and Lucin nodded.

Shang couldn't see it, but Queen Primordium was frowning as she bit her lower lip with her teeth.

This was bad.

This was really bad!

"How much longer do you have?" she asked.

"About a century," Shang answered.

REALLY bad!

Queen Primordium took a deep breath.

"Shang, I need to bring you to the Custodian again. Something like this has never happened before, but I think I've found some crucial information about your condition. However, I need the Custodian's opinion since I want to be absolutely sure."

Lucin and Shang nodded solemnly.

Lucin stayed in front of Queen Primordium's room while Shang and Queen Primordium walked to the Custodian's room.

Queen Primordium knocked, and the Custodian came out of his room.

"Vana, so nice to see you again," he said with a polite smile.

Then, he focused on Shang, and his eyebrows shot up.

"Oh my," he said with a troubled voice. 

"That's bad."

Queen Primordium only looked at the Custodian. "I've never seen anything like it, but I think this condition is even more troublesome than I have initially believed, which is why I brought him here."

The Custodian looked at Shang for a couple of seconds as he scratched his chin.

Then, he nodded. "You're correct, Vana. Based on the Fundamental Mana Theory, the Seventh Law of Mana Conservation, and the Thread Theory, the total weight of our little friend's being has drastically increased."

Shang couldn't see it, but Queen Primordium narrowed her eyes. "Then, there's no way?"

"I've got a question," Shang suddenly said. "If I only need enough momentum to reach the Sixth Realm, wouldn't the comprehension of a level three Concept be enough?"

"Usually, yes," Queen Primordium answered.

When Shang heard the word usually, his insides seized.

"However, your case is special. You have added so much Mana into your being that your weight has increased by a level. Moving something heavy takes more energy than moving something light."

"A level three Concept would have enough power to throw someone through the gate to the next Realm, but your being has become too weighty."

"A level three Concept doesn't have enough force to push you to the Sixth Realm," Queen Primordium answered.

When Shang heard that, he had to take a deep breath.

Comprehending a level three Concept had already been nearly impossible. After all, Shang's mind wouldn't reach the Peak Fifth Realm within the next century, which meant that Shang would need to comprehend a Concept that would be powerful enough for an Archmage to become an Ancestral Mage.

Many Archmages would never be able to comprehend a level three Concept in a thousand years, and Shang would need to do just that in just a hundred years.

Yet, not even that was enough!

"I think two level three Concepts should be enough," Wester said.

Two level three Concepts.

The weight of Shang's current situation pressed down on his shoulders.

Shang had already thought about comprehending another Path and another Impose, but that would also take extremely long.

Sure, Shang had a more powerful mind and more experience, but comprehending a completely new Path still took a lot of trial and error.

Compared to comprehending a Concept, creating a Path was a lot of manual labor. It was just a lot of moving around and refining techniques.

In comparison, a Concept could be comprehended in a much quicker fashion since one only needed to understand how something worked.

Shang estimated that he might be able to comprehend a level three Concept in the last century. After all, he had already comprehended several Concepts, his mind had become quite powerful, and he had the Lightning Manor as his backer.

It should be possible.

But two?

Two was basically impossible.

"But there may be a way," the Custodian said.

Shang's head lifted, and he focused on the Custodian.

Then, the Custodian looked at Queen Primordium. "Haven't you told me something interesting about our little friend here just a couple of years ago?"

"With a lot of luck and a lot of hard work, he might only need to comprehend a single level three Concept."

"But it will be beyond difficult."