Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The Mana in Shang's Mana Pathways solidified.

At least, it looked like a solid mass due to the ridiculous density of the Mana.

Yet, if one used enough force, it could still be molded. In a way, it was almost like hot iron that could only be molded by a powerful hammer blow.

All the additional Mana Pathways across Shang's body were filled to the brim with solid and powerful Mana.

Shang's body was ridiculously powerful, heavy, and hard right now.

Finally, Shang reached the Sixth Realm.

It had taken so long.

Shang had used up all of his longevity, and he had even managed to survive for an additional ten years just due to his willpower.

And it had been worth it.

The ten past years of suffering had been worth it.

Shang managed to survive, and he managed to reach an incredible level of power.

Eventually, all the Mana Shang had used up was refilled by more Mana from outside this place flowing into it.

Yet, the world's density of Mana had become lower, even if the difference was imperceptibly small.

In just a couple of hours, an Ancestral Mage would die somewhere, and the density of the atmosphere would nearly reach its old levels again.

The amount of Mana the Ancestral Mages held within them was just a little bit below the threshold of being noticeable in the grand scheme of things.

As for Mage Lords, the more perceptive Mage Lords could roughly tell how many Mage Lords there were in the world based on the Mana density in the atmosphere.

Since the Mana of the Mage Kings and Mage Emperors never entered or exited the atmosphere, the biggest changes in the world's Mana density were the Mage Lords.

One additional Mage Lord would already reduce the world's Mana by 0.001%. That didn't seem like a lot, but one had to know that this was all the Mana of the entire world.

In comparison, all the money in circulation on Earth amounted to a bit less than 50 trillion dollars.

0.001% of that would be 500 million dollars.

That was quite a bit of money.

However, one also had to keep in mind that Aterium was far bigger than Earth, which meant that such a percentage from Aterium was more ridiculous than having 100% of Earth's money.

Nevertheless, even though Shang wasn't using up as much Mana as a Mage Lord, he was already using up quite a bit, and it was definitely noticeable to most of the people in the Hibye.

Shang slowly landed on the ground of the Twilight Cave, the ground below his feet cracking on parts.

These places were built with the bodies of Mages in mind, and right now, Shang's body could only be compared to the body of a Mage King.

Shang's body had become so heavy that it even damaged the ground of such expensive training locations.

However, it wasn't very difficult for Shang to adapt. He simply needed to solidify a bit of Mana under his feet, which would mean that he wasn't technically walking on the ground but on a thin layer of extremely dense Mana.

Shang took a deep breath.

For the first time in a long while, Shang could finally take a long and deep breath without having to fight something or suffer through something.

The stress of his vanishing longevity was gone.

The pain from the Furnace Pills was gone.

The terror of the Isolation Chamber was gone.

Now, Shang had 4,000 years of longevity ahead of him.

Now, Shang had reached a level of Battle-Strength that put him at the absolute top of the world.

In the last 300 years, Shang had been under more pressure than ever before.

Reaching the True Path Stage or the Fusion Realm had been nothing in comparison to what he had needed to go through in order to reach the Sixth Realm.

But he did it.

Shang slowly extended his right hand and formed a fist.

WHOOOOOM!

All the Mana in the surrounding 1,000 kilometers instantaneously shot towards his hand and entered his body.

Shang's Mana Pathways shook, and they were about to burst.

However, Shang felt like he was powerful enough to destroy a God.

WHOOOOM!

Shang extended his arm to the left, and an intense storm of Mana shot out.

This was Shang's new form of Void Casting.

'Void Casting is named as such since it creates a vacuum of Mana for a short amount of time and uses said Mana to cast a Spell. The first part is true for my form of Void Casting, but the second part isn't accurate.'

'I absorb all the Mana in the surroundings to increase the power of my body by a level for a single move. In theory, I could also use it for a Spell, but in comparison to normal Void Casting, I need to spend quite a bit of my life energy while Mages don't need to spend anything.'CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

'Mages don't need to spend anything but can only use the Mana for Spells.'

'I need to spend life energy, but I can use the Mana for anything I want, including Spells.'

'Higher price, higher power.'

'It's not necessarily better or worse.'

'Nevertheless, it's not Void Casting anymore.'

'Since the Mana increases my power by a level for one move, I would say that it could be seen as a small breakthrough. After all, my level essentially increases for just a moment.'

'So, I guess the name Void Break would be a fitting name.'

'Mages comprehend Void Casting while I comprehended Void Break.'

'My last Realm was already unique in the world, and this one isn't any less unique.'

'Since Void Break is the key to achieving this Realm, it wouldn't be inaccurate to call it the Void Break Realm.'

'I think the name is accurate.'

'Soldier Stage, General Stage, Commander Stage, True Path Stage, Fusion Realm, Void Break Realm.'

'This was the Path I've forged up to now.'

'And this won't be the end.'

Shang took another deep breath and focused on his own mind.

He had reached a new Realm, which meant that he would get another answer to one of his past questions.

And this time, the question actually wasn't useless.