Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

After leaving his inner world, Shang decided to focus on the next thing, which was getting into contact with Lucin again.

Shang also wanted to incorporate his three new Concepts of Death and his Concept of Twilight into his Battle Style, but he needed to talk with Lucin first. After all, Shang's status had probably changed in the eyes of the Lightning Manor.

Having someone with a fivefold Spirit Sense was one thing, but having someone with a sixfold Spirit Sense was something different entirely.

Shang left the Twilight Cave and took to the sky.

When Shang saw the world around him, he felt like everything had become weaker.

Everything seemed so fragile.

Now, Shang could truly see how the Zone Beasts from Area 23 had viewed the world.

If Shang didn't keep his World Connection in check, the surrounding 1,000 kilometers would be filled with Light and Darkness Mana, transforming the entire climate and terrain.

A Zone of Light and Darkness would appear around Shang, and all the mortals and beasts would adapt.

This would be their new life.

Just Shang's mere existence would transform the lives of millions of people drastically, and they would all need to adapt to Shang's presence.

However, there were no mortals in the Hibye. Any weak Mage or mortal would live in perpetual danger since so many powerful Mages were moving around the area.

One day, a random Cloud might try out a spell and destroy tens of kilometers of land on accident.

Another day, a Mage Lord might move a bit too fast, and the wind they created would have turned the surrounding kilometers into a wasteland.

Because of that, Shang technically didn't need to restrain his World Connection.

However, he still restrained it due to two reasons.

He was used to restraining it, and he subconsciously moved as stealthily as possible.

This was simply how he had lived inside the Temple of Blood, and these mannerisms hadn't left him.

Shang shot into the distance, and his new speed even shocked him.

Shang hadn't had much time to look at his speed after he had gained Void Break, and since he had gone through a breakthrough since then, it was now like Shang had gone through two breakthroughs.

His body was now on the level of someone in the Early Sixth Realm.

As Shang shot through the sky, he realized how powerful he had actually become.

One thing especially almost made this feel like a dream.

'I might be more powerful than every average Ancestral Beast in the world. Maybe only powerful Peak Ancestral Beasts can fight me.'

That was when Shang thought back to Area 23.

The Storm Eagle.

It had been so humongous.

So powerful.

So mighty.

So imposing.

And now?

Shang probably wouldn't have any difficulties killing it.

He would just charge at it with insane speeds and unleash a single strike.

With one attack, the huge Storm Eagle would fall to the ground in two pieces.

The Ice Wyvern?

It was even weaker than the Storm Eagle.

The Volcano Wyrm was just as weak.

The Empress Cobra would die before it could even react.

The Adamantite Behemoth might survive a weaker attack, but if Shang actually used his Addum properly, it would probably also die.

The imposing Thunder Horse?

Shang could probably punch it to death.

All these godlike beings from Area 23 were now about as significant as annoying pests.

The supervisor of Area 23, Relon, probably was a Spark with a twofold Spirit Sense, which meant that his Spirit Sense had a radius of 1,000 kilometers, which was just enough to view the entirety of Area 23.

The way Shang felt now was probably how Relon felt as the Supervisor of Area 23.

Everything was within his control, and the Zone Beasts were just an annoyance.

At this moment, Shang truly realized how far he had come.

Back then, it had felt like an impossibility to fight something as imposing as the Storm Eagle.

Now, it was easy.

The God had said that the Mages ruled the world.

In Area 23, this hadn't appeared to be the case since the Zone Beasts reigned supreme.

But now, after widening his horizons, Shang realized that the God was right.

The Zone Beasts were just some random critters to the Mages.

Even Beast Lords were just bigger critters.

And the few Beast Kings that existed were banished and contained in their islands.

Beast Emperors?

Didn't exist.

As Shang thought about the Beast Kings, he had an interesting thought.

'Are the Empires using the isolated Beast Kings as Mana storage?'

'The Mana of the world is slowly reducing, and the Empires don't want the public to know. Theoretically, the number of Mage Kings that exist at the same time should reduce every now and then.'

'But that would show the world that the leadership of the world is growing weaker, not stronger.'Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

'So, what if they keep the Beast Kings alive, and when the Mana gets critically low, they just kill one to keep the same number of Mage Kings?'

'Maybe there aren't actually 50 Beast Kings but 48 or something like that?'

'No one would really notice that one of the many islands around Aterium doesn't have a Beast King.'

But before Shang could think more about this entire thing, he arrived at his destination.

At the moment, Lucin was floating above his mansion, a little less than 3,000 kilometers away from Shang.

Lucin was looking at Shang.

And Shang's Spirit Sense was looking back.

When Lucin realized what this meant, he closed his eyes and took a deep breath.

If he hadn't been prepared for this eventuality, he wouldn't have believed it.

But it was still difficult to actually come to terms with what it meant to be in front of someone with a sixfold Spirit Sense.

If King Sanctified Death didn't exist, this would be unprecedented.

And even more surprising was the fact that Shang wasn't even a Mage.

He was a warrior or something similar to that.

All of this was too strange.

"I guess we have to visit Queen Primordium again," Lucin said after a while.