Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Shang flew over to Lucin and nodded wordlessly.

Lucin kept looking at Shang with a weird expression.

It had already been incredible that Shang had managed to create a fivefold Spirit Sense, but all of this became even crazier when one thought about Shang being a warrior.

And now, he had a sixfold Spirit Sense.

A sixfold Spirit Sense was so special that people would rather believe that there was a warrior with a fivefold Spirit Sense than a Mage with a sixfold Spirit Sense.

One had to remember that the difference between a fourfold Spirit Sense and a fivefold Spirit Sense was already crazy, and now there was an additional layer above that.

It was absolutely crazy.

However, when Lucin thought about what Shang had actually gone through to attain that power, his surprise lessened.

How many people could do what Shang had done?

How many people could consume thousands of Furnace Pills and stay in Isolation Chambers for years?

And then, he even managed to survive for ten years after all his longevity had run out, which was absolutely crazy.

How painful and exhausting was something like this?

As the Thunder of the Contender Department, Lucin had seen how these geniuses trained. Even more, he had been one of these geniuses in the past.

Yes, all of these geniuses were filled with discipline and willpower, but there was still a limit to everything.

They tried to comprehend Concepts, entered some battles, bought expensive resources, and comprehended more Concepts.

From time to time, they also talked with others.

Sometimes, they also worked on their inner selves.

They also managed their money and created a couple of alliances while planning for the next trial.

The Clouds were doing a lot in order to maximize the efficiency of their training.

But Shang only trained.

He didn't do anything else.

On top of that, Shang was training like an insane person.

For Mages, there were a couple of methods to learn Concepts a bit faster.

For example, the level three Concept of Fire, Incineration, could be comprehended a bit faster by simply allowing oneself to be set ablaze by fire that used this Concept.

It was quite painful and dangerous, but there were ways to ensure one's survival.

Yet, no one was doing that.

Why?

Because it was insane!

Why would one do something like that for decades just to save like two or three decades?!

The immense pain and stress weren't worth the little time saved.

But Shang had done even crazier things.

Reaching a fivefold Spirit Sense was insanely difficult since one needed to comprehend something above their level, and the time one needed to invest to comprehend something like that was beyond insane.

Comprehending one level two Concept as a Peak True Mage was probably more difficult than comprehending three additional level one Concepts.

Someone with a fourfold Spirit Sense would have comprehended four level one Concepts, but someone with a fivefold Spirit Sense would have comprehended the equivalent of seven level one Concepts!

The difference was absolutely staggering!

And a sixfold Spirit Sense was just unimaginable.

In the end, Lucin could only sigh and shake his head.

He had no idea what would happen to Shang.

Having a warrior with a fivefold Spirit Sense was one thing since that warrior wouldn't be any better than the Mage Kings.

But a sixfold Spirit Sense?

Shang would become as powerful as King Sanctified Death if he managed to retain his power, and the Emperors were debating whether or not to allow King Sanctified Death to become an Emperor or not.

And Shang?

Shang was a warrior.

One had to remember that the Mage God had made a decree back then.

No physical fighter was ever allowed to become an Emperor again.

And someone with a sixfold Spirit Sense had incomprehensible power.

Maybe a Mage King with a sixfold Spirit Sense could even threaten an Emperor.

There was a real possibility that Shang wouldn't even be allowed to become a King in the future. After all, having such a powerful Warrior King would threaten the survival of all the Mages.

Lucin had no idea what the future would hold for Shang.

Nevertheless, Lucin summoned his Transportation Plate and pulled Shang with him to the Lightning Manor.

All of these troublesome decisions were above Lucin's pay grade. 

This was something that the Mage Kings and Mage Emperors had to decide.

The two of them traveled towards the Lightning Manor at a quick pace and arrived just a couple of minutes later.

Just like the last time, Lucin and Shang entered and traveled to Queen Primordium's room.

Lucin felt a bit awkward since he was visiting Queen Primordium quite often in the past centuries, thanks to Shang.

He almost felt like he was annoying her.

But what was he supposed to do? He couldn't possibly make a decision on something like that!

After some seconds, the door opened.

Shang still couldn't perceive Queen Primordium-

Wait a second!

Something was different!

Queen Primordium still looked like a walking void, like the world was ending where she stood.

Yet, there was something else this time.

Grey Mana.

Death Mana.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Inside the void, Shang could feel just the tiniest specs of Death Mana floating around.

It was so little that even Shang's powerful Spirit Sense barely noticed just a couple of wisps, but it was there.

'She can block off all kinds of Mana since she probably knows a crazy number of Concepts, but she doesn't know how Death Mana works. Because of that, I can see the Death Mana but only the Death Mana.'

Sadly, just this tiny bit of Death Mana wasn't enough to paint any kind of picture for Shang.

They were just a couple of tiny grey strands dancing in the void.

When Queen Primordium opened the door, her eyes immediately fell on Shang.

She could scarcely believe that he was still alive.

But what shocked her even more was Shang's Aura.

It was so grand and so very intense.

She had only felt one such Aura before.

Did Shang actually manage to do it?