Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Queen Primordium looked at Shang for a while.

Lucin didn't say anything.

He understood why Queen Primordium was silent.

It had been difficult for him to accept reality, and he had seen Shang reach this step himself.

For someone like Queen Primordium, who didn't see Shang all the time, this was probably beyond shocking.

"How big is your Spirit Sense?" she asked.

"Sixfold," Shang said.

Queen Primordium took a deep breath.

"What are your thoughts on that?" she asked.

"Could you clarify what you mean?" Shang asked back.

"I mean, what do you think is the reason why you have a sixfold Spirit Sense instead of a fivefold one?"

Shang thought about that question for a second.

"I think it's the consumption of momentum," he said.

Lucin and Queen Primordium waited for Shang to elaborate.

"I can get a fourfold Spirit Sense without consuming any momentum, but the only way to get a fivefold Spirit Sense is to consume the entire momentum that I have built to create a fourfold Spirit Sense."

"By comprehending more Paths, more Imposes, more Concepts, and widening my World Connection, I gained enough momentum to reforge the Mana Pathways inside my body. Without that momentum, my Mana Pathways wouldn't have grown as much as was necessary to unlock Void Break."

"Void Break is my version of Void Casting," Shang added when he noticed Lucin's raised eyebrow.

"Void Break is not something that someone at the Fifth Realm should be able to attain. Under normal circumstances, it would take a comparable amount of time as comprehending Void Casting, and you know how long that takes."

Lucin nodded.

Clouds generally needed around 500 years in the Ancestral Mage Realm to comprehend Void Casting.

But comprehending that in the Archmage Realm would take at least twice if not thrice as long, basically making it impossible to comprehend.

"Without using up my momentum, I would have needed probably around 1,500 years to attain Void Break, but with my momentum, I managed to attain it in a bit more than 200 years."

"So, in my opinion, to attain a fivefold Spirit Sense, you either go all-in or don't even try."

"If you start using up your momentum and fail, you will either die or break through with a weaker Spirit Sense."

"And the key to a sixfold Spirit Sense is the same."

"You need to consume all the momentum you gained to achieve a fivefold Spirit Sense."

"When I did that, I felt all the Mana in the surroundings enter my body and elevate it. In a sense, I was going through a breakthrough without increasing my level."

"This increased the base state of my being to be a level higher than it should be. Because of that, when I actually achieved my breakthrough and when my being was creating my new Spirit Sense, it could work with four times as much Mana as it would have access to normally."CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"So, while my momentum wasn't nearly as strong as it would have been with a fourfold or a fivefold Spirit Sense, just the sheer weight of my being increases my power by far more."

"It's like a huge mountain falling on you, while the other thing would have been an extremely fast pebble."

Queen Primordium and Lucin thought about Shang's words for a while.

"You gained enough momentum to catapult your heavier being to the next Realm by comprehending two level three Concepts," Queen Primordium said. "Theoretically, what would happen if you comprehended four level three Concepts on top of that?"

"Would your Spirit Sense be sevenfold or twelvefold?" she asked.

"I think sevenfold," Shang answered. "I believe an increase of a Spirit Sense is not linear but exponential."

"Correct," Queen Primordium said. "It seems you know what you're talking about, giving more credibility to your explanation."

Shang didn't say anything.

Some seconds later, Queen Primordium sighed again. "I can't believe that I have to go to the Custodian again."

"Lucin, you stay here."

"Of course," Lucin answered.

Queen Primordium walked past Shang, and Shang followed her, just like last time.

Why was everything involving this warrior so grand, unusual, and important?

Usually, Queen Primordium only needed to ask for the Custodian's input about once every thousand years or so.

But now, she was meeting him for the third time in just 300 or so years.

She felt like she was annoying the Custodian with unnecessary business, but what was she supposed to do?

She couldn't make a decision on something this important and unusual!

The two quickly arrived in front of the Custodian's door, and Queen Primordium knocked.

A few seconds later, the Custodian opened the door.

He was just about to greet Queen Primordium, but he halted when he saw Shang.

The Custodian's brows furrowed as he looked at Shang.

Shang didn't say anything.

After some seconds, the Custodian took a deep breath and released a sigh.

"Oh dear," he said. "This is troublesome."

The two visitors didn't say anything.

The Custodian raised an eyebrow as he scratched his chin, looking at and evaluating Shang.

"Now, what to do with you," he quietly muttered.

The Custodian thought for a couple more seconds, but in the end, he just shook his head and sighed again.

"I hate to do it, but I'll have to consult the Ancestor again."

Queen Primordium politely bowed, and Shang didn't do anything.

"To think that I have to consult the Ancestor twice because of a physical fighter," the Custodian said. "No offense. It's just unusual."

Shang just nodded wordlessly.

"Please, wait here for a moment," the Custodian said before he entered the big door leading to the Lightning Emperor.

Shang and Queen Primordium waited for nearly two minutes.

And then, the door opened again, and the Custodian stepped out.

The two looked at the Custodian with anxiety.

What would happen to Shang?

"Your name is Shang Sword, correct?" the Custodian asked.

Shang nodded.

"Shang Sword, please follow me," the Custodian said as he further opened the door.

"The Ancestor wants to talk to you personally."