The Lightning Emperor just looked at Shang with an unconvinced expression.

"A God that isn't the Mage God," he said in a flat tone.

"Correct," Shang answered, "but as I've said, that is no longer my reason for wanting to become stronger."

"Why is it no longer your reason?"

Shang didn't immediately answer.

"It no longer seems that important," he said.

"You believe this God is real?" the Lightning Emperor asked.

"He is real," Shang answered.

The Lightning Emperor took a deep breath.

Shang was too far gone.

Although, that also made sense.

Achieving a sixfold Spirit Sense was so incredibly difficult that something had to be wrong with someone if they were willing to put in so incredibly much effort.

Just getting a fivefold Spirit Sense would already require someone to sacrifice quite a bit, but getting a sixfold Spirit Sense was even crazier than that.

People that were willing to do something like that couldn't be sane people.

Although, having delusions might not exactly be the kind of mental illness that would seem connected to having a sixfold Spirit Sense.

Nevertheless, Shang couldn't be normal, and having delusions would just be another weird addition.

Naturally, Shang noticed that the Lightning Emperor didn't believe him.

Under normal circumstances, Shang wasn't one that cared about what other people thought of him, but this time, he had to care.

After all, the Lightning Emperor had the power to kill Shang without any repercussions.

When the conversation had just started, Shang had been quite nervous, but he hadn't expected that the conversation would take such a turn that he was essentially forced to unveil the existence of the God.

After all, if Shang refused to answer, the Lightning Emperor would assume even worse things than the truth.

Suddenly, something appeared in Shang's hand, and he put it on the table.

The Lightning Emperor looked over, and his eyes widened in surprise.

"Wait, you were that one warrior?" he asked as he looked at the book in front of him.

This was the original copy of the Star Map for warriors.

"The God gave me this book," Shang said.

When the Lightning Emperor heard that, his eyes widened in genuine surprise.

The world had resonated, which meant that Shang believed that he was telling the truth.

This meant that Shang genuinely believed that some God had given him that book.

The Lightning Emperor took the book and looked at it.

He could feel the Tranquil Hammer Lord's Aura on it clear as day.

Back when the Lightning Emperor had looked at that book for the first time, he had assumed that one of the other Emperors had lost it.

But now, Shang was claiming that some sort of God had given him that book.

"What makes you certain that the person that gave this to you is a God?" the Lightning Emperor asked.

In his mind, the Lightning Emperor imagined a scene where a Mage Lord from another Empire somehow managed to infiltrate Area 23 and tell a small warrior that they were a God.

To the people of Area 23, a Mage Lord would seem like a God.

"Because he also gave me this," Shang said.

And then, he put one of his swords on the table.

The Lightning Emperor hadn't really looked at Shang's belongings earlier, but now, he took a look at the sword.Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Immediately, the Lightning Emperor's eyes widened in genuine shock.

"An Apex Companion Weapon!" the Lightning Emperor nearly shouted.

When Shang heard that, he realized that he had been right.

Shang had thought that weapons like this had existed in the past, and since the Lightning Emperor had just uttered the name of the weapon, it meant that they had genuinely existed.

The sword hovered in front of the Lightning Emperor, and he looked at it for several seconds.

The more he looked at it, the more surprised and concerned he became.

The sword slowly began to spin, and as it did, it became smaller and weaker.

Shang was a bit concerned about his weapon, but he knew that he didn't have the luxury to complain.

Eventually, the sword turned into its original appearance.

At that moment, the Lightning Emperor's eyes narrowed, and the Mana in the room shook.

Slowly, the sword stopped spinning, but the Mana in the room seemed to become tenser and tenser.

It was almost like it was ready to explode.

And then, the sword suddenly spun at insane speeds for just one second as it returned to its normal form, the Addum.

The Lightning Emperor released a deep breath.

He slowly put the Addum back on the table and leaned back.

He just remained silent for several seconds.

Shang also didn't say anything.

"If I forced it, I might be able to recreate its original Aura," the Lightning Emperor said. "But that would throw the Mana equilibrium off, and every Emperor and King would want an explanation from me."

The Lightning Emperor sighed again. "But that doesn't really matter. The fact that I need to put out so much effort means that it must have been made by someone in the Ninth Realm."

Shang noticed that the Lightning Emperor hadn't said that it was made by an Emperor but by someone in the Ninth Realm.

This meant that this sword might have been made by someone that wasn't a Mage many thousands of years ago.

"Where did you get this sword?" the Lightning Emperor asked.

"The God gave it to me."

"Why?"

"Because I needed a weapon that could grow. Without this weapon, I would have also needed to learn blacksmithing at some point," Shang said.

"Oh?" the Lightning Emperor uttered. "What's your connection with this God?"

"He took me from my homeworld and brought me to Aterium," Shang said.

Silence.

"Your homeworld?" the Lightning Emperor asked.

Shang nodded. "A place called Earth."

"Tell me more about this place," the Lightning Emperor said.

Shang described Earth and the universe it was in to the Lightning Emperor in as much detail as possible, including why that universe existed in the first place.

Just an interesting side project for the God's entertainment.