Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The body hovering in front of Queen Primordium changed again.

This time, it showed a woman with grey hair and- woah!

Her clothing was very… tight and revealing, which was quite unusual. After all, nearly every Mage wore robes of some kind most of the time.

Sure, there were some Mages with slightly more revealing robes, but it wasn't as crazy as this!

The woman in front of Shang probably only had a quarter of her body covered with black and tight leather.

Sure, on Earth, it wasn't exactly uncommon to see someone like that walking around during the summer, just with a different fabric.

But here, it was very different.

Mages were much more conservative.

"Emilia, the Heartdevil Queen," Queen Primordium said in a neutral voice.

"She is a bit more powerful than Jonathan, but not by much. However, she and Jonathan couldn't be further apart in terms of value."

'Value?' Shang thought.

"While Jonathan contributed incomparably much to the Lightning Manor, Emilia basically contributed even less than the average Thunder."

"She doesn't like training and meditating, and she also doesn't like work. Because of that, her power increases only very slowly, and the Logistics Department essentially runs on its own. She is officially the leader of the Logistics Department, but in reality, her Thunders are running it as a collective."

"According to her, there is more to life than just training and working. True, that statement is valid, but I don't think it's that valid when it's coming from someone that only works for less than a decade every century."

"Essentially, she's lazy and constantly annoyed," Queen Primordium said. "You can try to get her as your teacher, but I wouldn't expect much."

"How did she become a King?" Shang asked.

Becoming a Mage King meant training brutally for thousands of years, which didn't seem very fitting for someone like her.

"She wasn't always like this," Queen Primordium said. "Or maybe she was. Either way, she told me in one of our many confrontations that she didn't work her ass off to get that position just so she could work even more."

"She worked her entire life, and now that she achieved her goal, she doesn't want to work anymore. At least, that's what she keeps telling everyone," Queen Primordium said.

Shang nodded. It sounded a bit unbelievable, but amongst so many people in the world, there were bound to be some unbelievable stories.

"That's all seven Mage Kings in the Lightning Manor. Kiran, Sarah, Jonathan, Amarius, Wester, Emilia, and me."

"Are you interested in taking on any of them as your teacher?" she asked.

Shang thought back to the seven Mage Kings.

Kiran, the Catastrophe King, was definitely the most fitting. He was essentially perfect for Shang.

However, he was just too busy.

Sarah, the Starlight Queen, was an option.Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Jonathan, the Myriad King, wasn't an option. He was already very old, and his philosophy clashed with Shang's.

Amarius, the Dawnlight King, was also an option.

Wester, the Custodian, was theoretically an option, but Shang felt like the less time he spent in his presence, the better.

Emilia, the Heartdevil Queen, was not an option. She was essentially the perfect opposite of Shang.

Vana, Queen Primordium, was an option, but Shang wasn't planning on dedicating time to learning Space, Time, and Gravity, which were Queen Primordium's specialties.

Queen Primordium would probably be a good teacher, but her specialties didn't fit Shang.

This meant that only Sarah, the Starlight Queen, and Amarius, the Dawnlight King, were left.

Well, the Starlight Queen might put a lot of work into creating a good plan for Shang, but she also didn't fit Shang's Affinities. In a way, she was like Queen Primordium.

So, that meant the Dawnlight King would become Shang's teacher?

Shang thought about it, but he wasn't quite sure.

The way Queen Primordium had described him made him seem soft.

It was like he was too bright.

Shang wasn't suspecting the Dawnlight King of being some kind of evil psycho in disguise. Shang just thought that the Dawnlight King felt too bright to be around.

"Could you please describe the Dawnlight King's personality?" Shang asked.

pαпdα-ňᴏνê|·сóМ "Amarius is very social and charismatic," Queen Primordium said. "He constantly talks with others, trains with others, works with others, and so on. It's almost like he thinks that any moment when he isn't in the presence of someone else is a wasted moment."

"He is almost universally liked. He is honest, approachable, understanding, and so on. He is essentially a pleasure to be around for anyone," Queen Primordium explained.

Shang nodded. "I'm more concerned about his reservations," he said. "You have heard how I train. I'm not sure if someone like that would be fine with me doing something like that."

"Well," Queen Primordium answered, "Amarius is very understanding. He would probably talk to you, ask you a couple of times if you are sure, and then reluctantly allow you to go through with it while he's wearing a worried expression."

"He respects your autonomy, but he would also try to support and help you as much as possible."

"He also has this peculiar ability to make people open up to him. Amarius just seems very trustworthy, and talking with him about your worries helps a lot. I talked with him more than once about my worries."

"He isn't someone that uses the knowledge he gains about other lives for his own gain. He genuinely just wants to help other people. That is his entire reason."

Shang furrowed his brows in thought.

Amarius was essentially perfect.

Was he too perfect?

If anyone else gave someone that many compliments, Shang would be suspicious.

However, Queen Primordium was not just some naïve village girl.

When Queen Primordium said something like that, it was probably true.

The image of Jerald shot through Shang's mind.

Before Jerald had lost his son, Mattheo, he had been very similar.

Shang thought about his decision for a long time.

Amarius was essentially perfect.

But should he?

Should he really?

It took Shang over 30 seconds to make his decision.