Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

This time, Shang only needed to wait for around five minutes before he got an answer.

"This is far more difficult," Queen Primordium said as she looked at Shang. "This isn't something I can just create in a couple of hours. Additionally, we are talking about a far more theoretical level here."

"The earlier solutions were already backed by real-world data due to how your power has developed already. As of now, we don't have any examples of how your power would develop further."

"Additionally, while the way I will eventually create might be the most optimal for the vast majority of people, it might not be the correct one for you."

"In the end, you were the one that has a sixfold Spirit Sense, not me. I think the best way to create a fitting Path for you is not to create one."

"It would be better for me to come up with a couple of theories that you can try out. What you need is not someone telling you what to make, but someone that pushes your mind out of the proverbial box, widening your horizons."

"The more creativity and information you have access to, the better and more informed your eventual decision will be," Queen Primordium explained.

Shang wasn't really excited about that answer, but he understood where she was coming from.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

In essence, she was deferring judgment to Shang, and she didn't want to influence him into choosing an incorrect one.

To some people, this seemed lazy, but others would see the true benefit this decision brought.

On Earth, there was a proverb.

Never change a running system.

This proverb could be applied to several different things, including programming and investment.

If a company was bought up by a much bigger one, there would be several ways to move forward.

The bigger company could take over the leadership and lead the smaller company forward.

However, if that smaller company had been on a sharp uprise, many bigger companies would be fine with just letting the smaller company operate as if the bigger company didn't exist.

The smaller company had already created such amazing results. Interfering might ruin the growth and momentum.

Queen Primordium was doing a similar thing.

Shang had proven time and time again that he knew what he was doing, and in Queen Primordium's mind, the best thing she could do was to give Shang access to more options, opinions, and resources, including the powerful mind of a Mage King.

"I understand where you're coming from," Shang said flatly.

Shang knew that this was probably the right decision, but he still wasn't completely happy with it. After all, everything still depended on him now, even though there was such a powerful person in front of him.

However, Shang was already used to all of this, and since he now had a Mage King as an advisor and teacher, it was already better than it had ever been.

Queen Primordium asked a couple more questions regarding the Void Break Realm, but this time, there were a lot of questions Shang couldn't answer.

  After all, he had just reached the Void Break Realm.

He didn't even truly know his own power yet.

Eventually, Queen Primordium had no more questions regarding Shang's powers anymore.

As of this moment, she knew nearly as much about Shang's powers as Shang himself.

And in probably just a couple of days, she would have probably already created several viable ways to reach the Seventh Realm for Shang.please visit

From now on, Queen Primordium could point to new directions that Shang wouldn't have thought of.

But, for now, Shang needed to do something else.

'In 200 years, the trial will take place again,' Shang thought. 'Getting a good score in that trial should be my priority.'

'For that, I need to further my power as much as possible. Obviously, reaching the next level isn't possible since that would invalidate the trial, but I can work on my techniques.'

'That should be my focus for now.'

"The first thing I want to do," Shang said, "is to find a way to incorporate the two new Concepts I comprehended. I know how the Concepts work, but I am not quite sure how to incorporate the Concept of Purgatory into sword techniques."

Queen Primordium nodded. "Unfortunately, even I don't know much about the Concepts of Death, especially such an advanced one. I can think of a couple of ways, but I wouldn't be comfortable telling you while I haven't read up on the topic."

After that, Queen Primordium fell silent as she looked at the ground with furrowed brows.

Shang could tell that Queen Primordium was evaluating something and making a decision. So, he remained silent.

After some seconds, Queen Primordium nodded. "I haven't used that privilege for quite a while, and I also think that the Ancestor is also interested in your growth."

Shang remained silent.

Queen Primordium summoned a purple piece of paper and put her finger on it.

Several complex Runes appeared on the piece of paper, and a moment later, it exploded into a purple bolt of lightning and seemingly vanished.

Then, Queen Primordium sighed.

"This is a privilege only Mage Kings have," she explained. "As Mage Kings, we may contact the Ancestor regarding deeply secret and advanced knowledge. The advanced Concepts of Death are exceedingly rare, and nearly no one knows anything about them."

"The Judgment Palace is probably the only Empire that knows everything about the Concept of Death since they have the Emperor of Death, but we obviously can't ask them for such sensitive information."

"Because of that, I just requested the Ancestor's assistance. I explained everything, and now, we can just hope that he will help you," Queen Primordium said.

"I thought that you had to go through the Custodian to contact the Lightning Emperor," Shang said.

"That's for general things," she answered. "Requesting such information is a specific process that doesn't disturb the Ancestor during meditation. Additionally, this process can be completed very quickly."

"For now, we have to- "

WHOOOOM!

At that moment, a huge portal opened on the ceiling of the room.

BANG!

A moment later, a mountain of books fell to the ground, and the portal closed again.

"Okay, seems like we don't have to wait," Queen Primordium said.

Shang's Spirit Sense was already scanning the titles of the books.

All of them were related to Death Affinities and the Concepts of Death.