Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Queen Primordium read through one book after the other.

Sadly, Shang was forbidden from coming into contact with the information since all the information in the books was considered sensitive. Only Mage Kings were allowed to read through these books.

However, these books weren't technically for Shang but for Queen Primordium.

Queen Primordium would read up on the Concepts of Death so that she could be a better teacher to Shang. 

After a couple of minutes, Queen Primordium had already gone through 50 books, but then, she started to slow down drastically.

The next book took her nearly ten minutes to finish, and when she was done, she looked at Shang.

"The knowledge inside these books is more advanced than I expected," she said. "I will probably need a couple of years to digest all of this. I think you should return to the Hibye. I will contact you when I'm done."

Shang nodded. "Thank you," he said before he walked to the door.

"Where are you going?" Queen Primordium asked.

Shang stopped and turned to her. "To the Hibye."

Queen Primordium shook her head.

Then, she lightly touched a certain spot beside her.

Whooom!

A portal opened beside her.

Shang's Spirit Sense passed through it, but he only saw unfamiliar surroundings.

At that moment, a second portal opened "inside" the first portal.

It wasn't exactly inside the first portal. In truth, it was a couple of meters ahead of the first portal's destination, which made it seem like it was inside the first portal.

Shang's Spirit Sense also entered that one, and he saw the Hibye.

"My Spirit Sense isn't big enough to see the Hibye from here," Queen Primordium said, "but by creating a portal, my Spirit Sense can essentially 'start' from 500,000 kilometers away, which allows me to actually see the Hibye."

"Walk through both portals, and you will be in the Hibye."

At that moment, Shang understood how powerful the ability to make portals actually was.

The Lightning Manor wasn't close enough to the Hibye for Queen Primordium to sense it.

However, if she simply created a portal beside her like this, she could view the entire Hibye from nearly a million kilometers away.

She could probably do that even more times, which would allow her to look into neighboring Empires.

But these Empires probably had ways to stop something like that.

Nevertheless, Queen Primordium essentially had the ability to arrive anywhere within the Lightning Manor's Empire in less than a second just by summoning a couple of portals.

Such power was crazy!

"What about Lucin?" Shang asked, turning his head to the entrance to Queen Primordium's room.

"He left before you told me about the warriors," Queen Primordium said. "I told him to leave when I summoned my Communication Crystal."

Shang just absentmindedly nodded and walked to the portal.

He had talked to Queen Primordium for several days, and he had also seen how incredible her mind was.

However, it still humbled Shang when he had witnessed her casual display of power just now.

A hardworking and old Mage King that focused on Space, Time, and Gravity.

Only now did Shang realize what a powerful teacher he had actually acquired.please visit

Shang stepped through the two portals, which quickly closed behind him.

Just like that, Shang was back in the Hibye.

It was ridiculously easy and fast.

If there were no other Empires stopping her, Queen Primordium could probably travel to any spot in the entire world in less time than a mortal needed to walk into their garden.

The entire world was nothing but a couple of steps in reach.

Lucin, as an extremely talented and powerful Mage Lord, could also essentially travel the entire world with his insane speed, but it was still a journey.

To Queen Primordium, it was just nothing.

Shang took a deep breath and flew towards the center of the Hibye.

Lucin greeted Shang, and Shang returned to the greeting.

The two of them talked a bit about Shang's new status, but Shang ended the conversation soon.

When Shang arrived at his hill, he noticed that all his "remnants" were gone.

There was no blood, Death Mana, or anything similar.

Yet, after thinking about it for a while, Shang realized that it wasn't probably very nice to look at a hill filled with fleshy constructs.

The only sign left from Shang's time spent on the hill was the fact that no vegetation grew on the hill.

The hill was completely devoid of life.

Shang sat down on the hill, and his mind traveled into his inner world.

With the added power of his mind and his new Realm, it became even easier for Shang to keep tabs on his actual surroundings.

Shang could still feel if anything threatening came close to his body or if anyone wanted to contact him while being in his inner world.

Yet, Shang knew how talented and powerful the Clouds were.

In his distracted state, he couldn't guarantee that he would be able to feel an approaching threat before it was too late.

Because of that, he went back to the center of the Hibye.

He might not be able to feel an approaching threat in time, but the several Mage Lords and Lucin could.

Also, Shang wasn't really annoying or distracting the Bolts by just sitting on a hill. He wasn't even looking at them.

He might as well be a stone.

Nevertheless, a couple of Bolts still threw suspicious glances at Shang.

That crazy man was back.

What was he up to this time?!

Yet, as Shang only continued sitting there, doing nothing, the Bolts relaxed.

Inside Shang's inner world, he experimented with his new powers.

The Bolts felt that the Mana around Shang's body was moving weirdly, but it wasn't anything too strange.Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Over the next decade, a couple of Clouds wanted to come into contact with Shang, but he just kept ignoring them.

And then, Queen Primordium contacted him again.

She had read up on Death, and she could tell him what he could try out.