Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Even though the grey-haired Mage didn't have a lot of money in his Space Ring, his Focus should still be worth something. 

The Foci the Clouds had access to were the best of the best, and they certainly weren't cheap.

Although, "not cheap" didn't mean expensive for the Clouds.

Maybe the Focus was worth about two Grade Seven Mana Crystals, making the Mage's total net worth about Five Grade Seven Mana Crystals.

However, that was still pitiful for an Ancestral Mage Cloud.Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Many kilometers away, a Bolt was looking at an emblem with many small names written on it.

A second later, one of the names was crossed out, and the Bolt shook his head.

"What a waste," he muttered. "Why did you try to attack someone a level above you? Don't you get that jumping a level amongst Clouds is basically impossible?"

Naturally, since the grey-haired man had attacked first, Shang was allowed to retaliate and kill his attacker, even though his attacker had been an Initial Ancestral Mage.

The Bolt didn't question Shang's power at all.

In the Bolt's mind, Shang was in the Early Sixth Realm without a doubt.

But in truth, Shang was still in the Initial Void Break Realm.

This meant that this fight had been one between two equal opponents, according to level.

Yet, even though Shang had been the one that got ambushed, Shang had killed his opponent without any problems.

This was what it meant to have a sixfold Spirit Sense.

With a fivefold Spirit Sense, Shang would most likely win against his opponents while suppressing his Entropy abilities, and without suppressing them, he would almost certainly win.

However, a sixfold Spirit Sense was much more powerful.

Right now, there were probably no Initial Ancestral Mage Clouds in the Hibye that could realistically threaten Shang.

Attacking the current Shang as an Initial Ancestral Mage essentially equated to committing suicide.

After descending for a couple more seconds, Shang realized that this had probably been the only attacker, although the chances were high that a couple of Clouds had attacked other Clouds by now.

Ironically, Shang felt safer in the Wilderness Hunt than outside.

'Outside, people are trying to keep their intentions secret,' he thought. 'And worst of all, I am not allowed to kill them.'

'But in here, I am allowed to kill if I so choose to.'

However, Shang's mind still felt rather apathetic regarding all of this.

He could finally earn a lot of money, and he finally didn't need to hold back any longer.

Yet, it all felt a bit meaningless.

But that was actually to be expected. After all, Shang was fully ready to battle, which meant one important thing.

"You interested in working together?"

Shang seemingly didn't react to the words that had suddenly entered his mind.

"Explain," Shang said, creating a bit of air in his lungs to speak. Something like this wasn't difficult for someone on his level.

Shang couldn't contact the person with a voice transmission since he couldn't feel their presence.

"I've put a tracking Spell on one of the Early Ancestral Mages," the voice spoke. "She and I don't really get along. I won't be telling you the reasons."

"And you want me to kill her?" Shang asked.

"Yes," the mysterious voice said.

"And your condition?" Shang asked. Giving someone the location of a victim was not something one did for free.

"Nothing special," the mysterious voice said. "I just want you to convert all her assets into liquid funds instead of assuming ownership, but based on what I've heard, you would've done that anyway."

'It's an economic war between companies, probably,' Shang thought.

These Clouds were all extremely powerful and rich. Many of them owned a scary number of huge businesses and even towns.

Shang guessed that the mysterious voice probably had troubles with another Cloud's company, and their company was being suppressed.

If Shang killed that other Cloud, he would gain control over all her assets, including her companies and towns.

Then, Shang would just convert them to liquid funds, which meant selling the companies and towns.

Most likely, the mysterious voice would buy the majority, overtaking a rival business.

"Deal," Shang said.

"Good," the mysterious voice answered.

An instant later, a small emblem seemingly appeared out of nowhere just six kilometers away from Shang.

BANG!

Suddenly, all the Mana in the surroundings vanished, leaving a void behind.

Shang had used Void Break again.

Then, Shang pointed his Subsis at a slightly discolored spot beside the emblem.

SSSSSSSS!

A highly concentrated beam of water shot out of the tip of Shang's Subsis, reaching his opponent in no time at all.

BANG!

The beam hit something solid for just a tiny moment before the solid object seemingly vanished.

All the empty space was filled again by the surrounding water.

Shang didn't move, and he couldn't feel his opponent anymore.

He could only feel the emblem floating in the air.

Shang slowly floated over to the emblem and looked at it.

The emblem showed a three-dimensional image with an arrow pointing in one direction.

This was probably where that female Cloud was supposed to be.

A moment later, Shang followed the arrow and left the area.

While he was doing so, a silver-haired man sneered in disdain.

Surprisingly, he was a Mid Ancestral Mage.

'Idiot,' he thought with a malicious smirk.

He had been a bit surprised when Shang had suddenly attacked him, but in truth, he was actually quite happy about that.

Now, he would get control of his rival's businesses for free!

After all, someone more powerful than someone else was allowed to fight back as long as they were attacked first.

Although, what some of them didn't know was the timeframe.

They were allowed to strike back any time during the Wilderness Hunt, as long as the other person wasn't in a different duel.

That meant that the silver-haired man could now let Shang kill his weak rival and then kill him after that.

If Shang hadn't attacked him, he wouldn't have been allowed to strike back.

The silver-haired man took out another emblem and looked at the arrow with a smirk.

Then, he slowly moved toward the destination of the arrow.