Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Lucin brought everyone back to the Hibye.

However, when they arrived, Lucin told everyone to wait.

"I will call for you one by one, and you can tell me what you want to do with the resources you acquired," Lucin said.

That took a couple of Clouds by surprise.

"Isn't Fleros the one doing this normally?" one of them asked.

"It's different this time," Lucin said. "Some things have happened, which is why I will be the one doing it this time."

The Clouds looked at each other and shrugged.

It didn't really make a difference.

The next moment, Lucin made a small barrier and called the first Cloud in.

After five minutes, that Cloud left, which surprised everyone.

What would they need to talk about for five minutes?

The first Cloud noticed everyone's gazes. "He said to wait until five minutes are up before leaving," he said. "It's to keep the identities of certain people hidden."

After saying that, he threw a small glance at the blue-haired woman.

When Lucin called in the second Cloud, they noticed that the first Cloud had spoken the truth since the second one also didn't leave for five full minutes.

The Clouds only groaned in annoyance.

This felt like a waste of time.

Luckily, there weren't that many Clouds remaining, which meant that they wouldn't even need to wait for two hours.

After about one and a half hours, Lucin called Shang.

Shang wordlessly entered the small Isolation Barrier.

When Lucin saw Shang, he only sighed. "You're nothing but trouble. You know that?"

Shang didn't answer.

"You keep annoying my Bolts."

"You destroy my trials."

"You kill so many Clouds."

"Do you have any idea how many lies I had to come up with to explain some of your weird powers to everyone else?"

"Okay," Shang answered flatly. "So, about my money."

Lucin sighed again.

"I presume you want to exchange everything for Mana Crystals?" Lucin asked.

Shang nodded.

The next second, Lucin threw a small Space Ring toward Shang. "Put everything you want to sell into this Space Ring."

Shang looked into the Space Ring and noticed that it was completely empty.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Shang quickly dumped everything that he didn't need into the Space Ring, which was quite a lot of stuff.

When Lucin got the Space Ring back, he had to take a deep breath.

He regretted volunteering to tally up everyone's winnings.

Lucin could just dump all of this into the Logistics Department's hands and be done with it, but Lucin always checked the prices on his own to see how much more he could get out of the Logistics Department.

This habit of Lucin's often increased the number of Mana Crystals a Cloud received by a bit over 10%, but it was also a lot of work.

For once, he just wanted to skip that routine since he felt that Shang wasn't buying anything useful with the money he got either way, but in the end, Lucin still decided to go through with his usual routine.

"I will contact you in about a week regarding your Mana Crystals. Sorry that it's taking so long, but I also have to sell A LOT of companies and assets that belong to you now," he said.

Shang nodded. "Thanks," he said before turning around.

"Five minutes aren't up yet," Lucin said.

Shang stopped and just waited in silence.

An awkward couple of minutes passed.

"Alright, you can go," Lucin said with another sigh, and Shang left.

'Why is everything involving him so difficult?' he thought.

After exiting the Isolation Barrier, Shang flew into the distance and sat down at his usual spot.

He was annoyed that he had to wait for a week, but there was nothing he could do.

For now, he decided to continue training inside his inner world.

A week quickly passed, and Shang was contacted by Lucin again.

Lucin arrived in front of Shang, and Shang exited his inner world.

"Alright, I've dealt with everything," Lucin said in a much better mood. All the work was done, and he was relieved that he could return to his usual tasks.

"Give me one of your Space Rings," he said.

Shang wordlessly handed him an empty Space Ring.

A second later, Shang got it back and looked inside, and he was quite surprised.

937 Grade Seven Mana Crystals.

However, that wasn't the thing that surprised Shang.

There was also something gigantic inside his Space Ring.

It was the thing he wanted to buy!

"I already deducted the price for it," Lucin said.

This meant that Shang had actually earned 1,437 Grade Seven Mana Crystals in this Wilderness Hunt.

That was more than a Grade Eight Mana Crystal!

1,437 Grade Seven Mana Crystals represented 1,437 years of condensing Mana for a Mage Lord.

The Keeper of the Temple of Blood would need that long to make that kind of money the normal way.

For someone in the Initial Sixth Realm, this was a crazy amount of money.

Shang was glad that he didn't need to care about resources and money for quite some time.

"Please don't summon it here," Lucin said, pulling Shang out of his thoughts.

"I reserved some land for you in the east. You can summon it there."

Shang just nodded. "Thanks," he said.

Lucin also nodded. "It's my job."

Then, Shang left and flew towards the east.

After a couple of kilometers, Shang saw a huge meadow, over 20 kilometers wide.

And then, Shang summoned the thing he had worked so hard to get.

BOOOOOOOOOM!

The earth shook, and a huge part of the meadow was completely destroyed as the ground broke into several pieces and crevices.

A gigantic black cube had appeared above the destroyed meadow.

It was ten by ten by ten kilometers big and made of Grade Seven Entropy Ore.

Yes, it was a humongous Isolation Chamber.

Such a gigantic piece of high-grade Entropy Ore was why this Isolation Chamber had been so expensive.

Of course, Shang didn't need to comprehend Void Break again, which meant that he didn't really need to train inside there.

But he didn't spend this much money just to train.

'Finally, I can summon Abominations again and advance!'