Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

When Shang had trained in his smaller Isolation Chamber, he had also tried out his connection to his Abominations.

Of course, in Shang's panicked state, he would have destroyed the Isolation Chamber by summoning Abominations if he actually could.

Inside the Isolation Chamber, it was still impossible to summon Abominations.

However, Shang noticed that he still had his connection to the Abominations as long as the chamber wasn't completely closed.

Shang entered the Isolation Chamber and focused on the Magic Circle controlling it.

He could close it whenever he wanted, but if he wanted to open it, he would need to activate the timer. After all, since no Mana could escape from the inside, Shang couldn't possibly communicate with the Magic Circle on the outside.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Shang stopped in the middle of the Isolation Chamber.

As he did so, he was reminded of the time he had entered the black pylon in Area 23.

The black pylon had effectively been a humongous Isolation Chamber, and by now, Shang also knew how powerful it had been.

The Entropy Ore that made up the black pylon had been somewhere in the middle of the Sixth Realm but not too high up.

It could resist the fully powered assault of an Archmage, but it couldn't withstand the Storm Eagle, but the Storm Eagle was also one of the more powerful Zone Beasts, which meant it was probably a Late or Peak Ancestral Beast.

The high ceiling and blackness made it feel very similar to the black pylon.

However, this Isolation Chamber was several times more powerful than the black pylon.

If Shang managed to shove any kind of beast in there, not even an extremely powerful and talented Peak Ancestral Beast would be able to escape.

This thing was so powerful that it could even hold an Ancestral Abomination.

After looking at the majestic Isolation Chamber for a while, Shang focused on a place he hadn't tried to communicate actively with for a long time.

The realm of the Abominations.

Shang still had no idea where this realm was.

It felt like it was just beside him, but it also felt like it was outside this world.

Shang also couldn't feel any kind of Mana inside that Realm.

It was like Mana didn't exist, which also made sense since the Abominations were killed by Mana and also destroyed Mana.

It was a Manaless world.

Kind of like the universe Earth was in.

Of course, it was actually impossible that the realm of the Abominations was in that universe. After all, that universe was also made of Space Mana, and the realm of the Abominations had no Mana.

That included no Space Mana.

It was a confusing place where no rules, concepts, or laws applied.

It was something beyond comprehension.

Shang had had the thought that the God might have been responsible for the Abominations a couple of times in the past, but the more powerful Shang grew, the less likely it seemed.

The God was someone that had reached the apex of power, but that apex was based on Mana and Concepts.

The realm of the Abominations had nothing like that.

Maybe that was also one of the reasons why the God wasn't the epitome of sanity.

His world was slowly dying to these Abominations, and he had to view his world becoming weaker and weaker without being able to do anything about it.

Or, maybe, he could actually do something about them.

Not being able to control something wasn't the same as not being able to stop something.

A human couldn't control the body of an insect, but they could very well stop it by stepping on it.

One thing was for sure.

The God could kill all the Abominations that appeared inside this world before they could do a lot of damage.

As soon as an Abomination appeared, it would be annihilated within microseconds.

But he didn't do that.

Additionally, he could also control who became the Child of Calamity, and he could also stop the Child of Calamity from growing, making the Abominations weaker.

But he also didn't do that.

In the end, the God definitely wasn't innocent.

Shang slowly shook his head to return to the present.

He had just received the thing he wanted, but he had gotten distracted by the Abominations and the God.

Shang focused on the realm of the Abominations, and sure enough, he could feel several Ancestral Abominations.

Shang tried to pull one of them out, but just as always, the Ancestral Abomination's servants wanted to come with it.

Shang's aura intensified as he focused all of his endless willpower on that Ancestral Abomination.

It was like the realm of the Abominations was shaking, but the Ancestral Abomination didn't seem to show any reactions.

A moment later, it also seemed like the world around Shang was shaking.

"You will come alone."

A cold voice seemed to reverberate through the Isolation Chamber and throughout the realm of the Abominations.

The next moment, the threads connecting the Ancestral Abomination to its servants seemed to waver.

"You will come alone," Shang repeated with a dark voice.

The threads shook more.

And then, Shang gritted his teeth.

BANG!

It was like a gigantic hand took hold of the tiny Abomination.

And then, the gigantic hand pulled the Abomination out as the threads connecting it to its servants broke.

BANG!

The doors of the Isolation Chamber immediately closed.

BOOOOM!

A huge Abomination, over two kilometers tall, fell on the ground inside the Isolation Chamber.

It had two legs that reminded Shang of a velociraptor, a long and powerful tail, four powerful and muscular arms, a head filled with tentacles, and a back filled with tentacles.

The remainder of its body was covered in the darkest scales imaginable.

The name Abomination described its appearance very well.

As soon as it appeared, the Abomination felt the foreign sensation of Mana around it.

Yes, this was an Isolation Chamber, but the Mana inside it hadn't been used up yet.

When it felt the Mana, it acted on instinct and wanted to attack.

BANG!

Yet, its body was pushed to the ground by an invisible force.

Shang's entire being focused on the Abomination with terrifying willpower and pressure.

Shang wasn't asking the Abomination.

He was commanding it.

It belonged to him!

It did what he wanted!

It was weak!

He was strong!

He was alive!

And it would die!