Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"Let me just clear all your doubts, okay?" the jester said with a malicious smirk.

Then, he flicked one of his fingers at the wall.

BOOOOOOOM!

The wall of the humongous Isolation Chamber blew apart, its fragments scattering across millions of kilometers.

Shang couldn't move.

The sheer power of that flick had been beyond comprehension.

"Have you already forgotten?" the jester said, continuing to walk forward.

"I kicked the idiotic, naïve, and idealistic Mage Emperor to death."

"You think I cared about his power?"

"Even this cheap and stupid puppet is powerful enough to kill a Mage Emperor," the jester said, referring to its body.

"Want to see?" he said, genuine craziness in its mechanical eyes.

"You don't need to," Shang answered. "I believe you."

The jester's expression changed to a cocky and ridiculing one.

Its expression almost seemed like it came from a cartoon.

"Too bad," the God said. "You're not the one in charge."

Then, the jester lunged forward and grabbed Shang by one of his shoulders, and pulled him along.

In an instant, they arrived somewhere else.

The two appeared in front of the hovering Lucin, who was currently dealing with something by focusing on his Communication Crystal.

Lucin didn't notice either of the two.

The jester let go of Shang and slowly wound up by spinning his right arm in a circle.

Then, he punched Lucin.

CRKSH!

And Lucin's head exploded.

Shang took a deep breath.

This wasn't some illusion.

This was real.

The God had just killed Lucin.

The next moment, Shang saw nearly twenty Bolts appear in the sky around Lucin's falling body.

They were looking with absolute terror at the falling corpse of their leader.

What?!

What had just happened?!

Was this real?!

None of them even looked at Shang or the jester.

The jester just looked at Shang with a mad grin.

"Wanna see more?" he asked.

"I believe you," Shang said.

The jester looked at Shang for a while.

"You truly believe me," the jester said.

Shang only nodded.

Making the jester angry was a very bad idea.

Right now, Shang's surroundings were very secure, but by killing Lucin, the jester had already made problems for Shang.

Lucin essentially knew nearly everything regarding Shang's power, and he even covered for Shang.

And now, he was dead.

The Contender Department would need a new Thunder, and that Thunder might not be as nice and helpful as Lucin.

The God had proven his power.

"Too bad," the jester said, making Shang's heart sink. "I'm the one deciding when to stop."

"Wanna take a trip to the Lightning Manor?"

For the first time in a long while, Shang actually felt some terror.

"Afraid that I will ruin your nice and cozy training environment?" the jester asked. "Scared that I will also kill your cute little teacher?"

"Why be scared of the inevitable?"

Then, the jester grabbed Shang again, and an instant later, they appeared in a room with several ponds of water.

It was Queen Primordium's room.

Shang took a deep breath and saw Queen Primordium sitting on top of one of the ponds with her eyes closed.

"Let's go over and visit her," the jester said with a wide smile.

The jester slowly walked forward onto the pond.

After a couple of steps, he stopped and turned to the stationary Shang. "Come, don't be shy. We should greet her!"

Shang hesitated but followed the jester.

Eventually, the two of them stopped in front of Queen Primordium.

The jester just smirked at her, while Shang didn't say anything.

Silence.

No one was saying anything.

Shang's heart rate increased.

What would the jester do?

The silence continued.

…

"Slap her."

Shang's right hand shook a bit.

"Slap her," the jester repeated, "and I don't want it to be a light one."

"No worries. With me beside you, you will notice that your slaps have reached incredible heights of power and sophistication."

"Come on. Do it," the jester said.

Shang took a deep breath.

BANG!

He slapped Queen Primordium.

She shot away, and her back hit the wall of her room, which was far harder than her bones.

A couple of her bones broke, and her face was sunken as half her skull broke.

Queen Primordium opened her eyes in absolute terror, and she immediately focused on the only other person in her chambers.

Shang.

Shang was the only other person here.

Queen Primordium couldn't find any words.

And then, she gritted her teeth that weren't broken and gathered all her Mana.

Yet, nothing happened.

Her Mana wasn't listening to her!

"What?" she asked in surreal shock.

She immediately tried to contact the Ancestor, but her Spirit Sense also didn't work.

She had become powerless.

"Slap her again."

"I don't want you to say anything."

"Just walk over and slap her again."Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Shang didn't move for two seconds.

Then, he slowly walked forward.

Queen Primordium shot up and tried her best to control the Mana around her, but she had become powerless.

She tried to run to the door, but the space between her and the door seemed to have expanded to endless lengths.

It was like she wasn't moving at all.

Shang slowly walked closer.

BANG!

And slapped her again.

Even more of her bones broke, and her body slid on the ground.

"What are you doing?!" she shouted, barely audible due to her broken face.

"What is happening?!"

"Who are you?!"

"What have I done to you?!"

For the first time in an eternity, Queen Primordium felt terrified and helpless.

"Slap her again."

Shang slowly walked over.

Queen Primordium shouted in panic.

She refused to believe that this was real.

This couldn't be real.

Shang slapped her again, and her mind shook.

It was difficult for her to make a coherent thought.

"Break one of her legs with a kick."

Shang took a deep breath.

CRACK!

Queen Primordium screamed.

"Punch her stomach."

BANG!

"Break her right arm."

CRKSH!

"Kick her broken leg."

"Again."

"Again."

"Again."

"Punch her gut again."

"Break her other arm."

"Slap her again."

"And again."

"And again."

"And again."