Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Naturally, Shang was interested in what the God planned on doing next.

Was the God done bringing chaos into the world?

What about the deaths?

Who would handle the deaths?

Would they find out that Queen Primordium had died to Shang?

However, Shang also noticed a couple of things.

Lucin died over half an hour ago, but Queen Primordium hadn't been contacted in the couple of minutes between Lucin's death and Shang's slap.

Usually, one would expect that Queen Primordium would get contacted immediately when one of her Thunders died.

Even more, Shang had beaten Queen Primordium to death for over half an hour.

Did no one notice that?

Did no one try to contact her during this time?

Obviously, the God was somewhat involved in all of this. He did something to change a couple of things, but Shang couldn't be sure what he had done.

What now?

What would the God do?

Well, the best-case scenario would be to revive Lucin and Queen Primordium. The God had that power.

However, that would make all of this worthless.

That would essentially get rid of the entire impact of the God's actions.

Because of that, he wouldn't do it.

The next best thing would be to change everyone's memories.

That would retain the impact of the God's actions, and it would also allow Shang to continue training here in peace.

But would the God do this?

"No worries," the jester said with a smirk. "I won't do anything to the Lightning Emperor."

These words didn't reassure Shang.

"First," the jester said.Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Then, a piece of paper appeared in his hands.

It was a picture of a smiling Queen Primordium.

He walked over to the pile of meat and put the picture lightly on top of it.

Shang didn't say anything.

Then, the jester walked over to the door and turned to Shang with a smirk. "Let's go back to your cozy little cube."

Shang just walked over to the jester and stopped beside him.

Shang didn't want to follow the jester's orders like a dog, but there was nothing he could do.

Shang was helpless in front of the God…

For now.

The jester only smirked at Shang with a knowing expression.

He knew exactly what Shang was thinking.

Then, he lightly took Shang's hand like they were going on a date and teleported away with him.

They reappeared a second later in front of Shang's broken Isolation Chamber.

"You know, there was actually an additional reason why I killed these two," the jester said.

"Do you know why?"

Shang didn't need to think for a long time.

He already knew the God.

"It was getting boring," Shang said.

The jester's smirk widened into a smile. "Correct."

"You have a nice place. You have a lot of money. You have a great backing. You have time. You are not in danger."

"It was nice for a while, but now, it's getting boring."

"What am I supposed to do? Am I supposed to watch you sit in your little black cube for thousands of years, doing nothing?"

"As you were earlier, you could have reached the top without many problems, probably."

"And that's boring."

"So, I thought that it would be a good idea to make things a bit more exciting, you know?"

Naturally, Shang wasn't the biggest fan of this development.

He knew that he was the God's toy, but Shang didn't view himself as his toy, and he certainly didn't want to be one.

Shang wanted to become truly powerful and kill the God.

Over the past couple of years, his resolve to kill the God had weakened a bit since everything had happened so long ago, and all the times the God had suppressed Shang had seemed so distant.

Sure, he probably would still have done it, but it hadn't been on his list of priorities.

But now, the God reminded Shang why he wanted to kill him.

"Anyway, regarding what will happen," the jester said.

"First, no one gets revived."

"Second, no one gets their memories manipulated."

"Lucin and your dear teacher just died, and no one saw who killed them."

The jester's smirk widened. "Can you imagine? There hasn't been an unexpected death of a Mage King for over 400,000 years!"

"Who could possibly kill a Mage King?"

"It must be someone from another Empire, right?"

"But who?"

"And did they have the help of their Emperor?"

"It couldn't be anyone from outside an Empire since there is no one even nearly as strong as a Mage King."

"Every Emperor will believe that at least one Emperor helped in killing the Mage King, breaking the ancient truce."

"What will they do?"

"Who will they blame?"

"Everyone is certain that there is at least one traitor amongst the Emperors."

The jester laughed.

"But there is no traitor!"

"Everyone is innocent!"

The jester looked at Shang. "Isn't that interesting?"

Shang didn't say anything.

The jester chuckled a bit more.

Then, he stretched his right hand towards the broken cube and pointed at it.

SHING!

All the broken pieces of the Isolation Chamber gathered near the cube again and rebuilt it.

"I want this to be entertaining, but without this thing, you can't summon Abominations without being found out," the jester said.

"Ain't I a nice guy?" the jester asked with a smirk.

Shang didn't say anything.

Then, the jester walked through the entrance of the rebuilt Isolation Chamber, Shang following behind him.

After the two of them arrived in the middle, the jester stopped and slightly closed the door, but not completely.

The jester snapped his fingers, and Shang was teleported back into his inner world.

The jester reappeared on the Affinity Wheel and grinned at Shang.

"Know what's fun?"

"Forcing you to go through the trial right now!"

"You're probably dying to know how all of this will affect your home, huh?"

"Well, sucks to be you! I want a trial!"

"You can find out all about the consequences after you're done entertaining me!"

And then, the Affinity Wheel began to spin under the God's loud laughter.