Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

WHOOOOOM!

Shang's body caught on fire suddenly, and if he hadn't been prepared, he would have turned into ash.

Even more, a powerful and heavy wave was stopping him in his tracks and throwing his body away.

Just now, the peacock had released an extremely condensed wave of Blaze.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Due to the difference in power, Shang couldn't resist the wave and was thrown into the distance.

Luckily, the heat wasn't as hot as normal since the wave was more focused on pushing Shang away.

But it had worked.

Shang didn't hit the peacock.

One had to remember that a weak Initial Beast Lord was as talented and creative as a powerful Peak Ancestral Beast.

Weak or average beasts usually had some kind of weakness.

For example, the peacock was obviously a beast that focused on ranged attacks.

Usually, one would think that it had a weak defense or that it was slow.

But that wasn't the case.

Its body might not be the hardest, but it obviously had a couple of means of stopping its enemies from coming close to it.

The next moment, green wind appeared around the peacock's body.

BOOOOM!

Shang's body suddenly stopped being thrown into the distance and actually started to be pulled towards the peacock!

Yet, the peacock had just vanished!

The peacock had appeared 50 kilometers away in the distance in an instant!

The force that had pulled Shang in was the vacuum the peacock had left behind by shooting away at inconceivable speeds.

It was so fast!

Even more, this was its natural speed, not Mana Step.

This meant that it didn't use a lot of Mana with that move.

And the worst thing was that it had left Shang's domain of darkness, which meant that he couldn't use his Concept of Twilight to move rapidly.

In the past trials, this had been one of the biggest dangers. After all, Shang would have wasted a lot of Mana if his opponents had managed to leave his domains.

WHOOOOOM!

The domain of darkness vanished as Shang used Void Break.

The Blaze had already vanished from the surroundings, and the peacock was now 50 kilometers away, which meant that Shang could use Void Break again.

After absorbing all the Darkness Mana, Shang's Subsis began to warp the surrounding space again.

With Void Break, Shang had gotten rid of this past weakness of his.

Shang's burned body was surrounded by Fire Mana and Ice Mana as he shot toward the peacock in the distance.

The peacock looked at Shang with angry eyes.

Suddenly, Shang's instincts were screaming at him!

The peacock wasn't doing anything, and from this distance, Shang was also fast enough to react to any of the peacock's attacks.

Yet, Shang's instincts were telling him that he was about to die!

WHOOOOOOOOOM!

An instant later, an incredible amount of Blaze appeared below Shang, and it shot into all directions.

It was like the Blaze had just been under immense compression before an opening appeared in whatever it was that was compressing it.

A huge amount of Blaze had just moved past Shang, transferring all its heat to his body.

Shang's skin had vanished, and a majority of his muscles had vanished.

The heat had been so much that not even ashes remained.

By all intents and purposes, he should be dead.

Yet, somehow, the most severe injuries on his body healed in an instant, and he returned to his half-burned state from before.

At that moment, Shang was glad that he had listened to his instincts.

When Shang had felt the danger, he had quickly thought of a way to defend himself from whatever was coming.

But the problem was that Shang had no idea from where the attack would come, which made a directional defense impossible.

On top of that, the peacock's Blaze was insanely fast.

So, Shang was forced to strengthen his inherent defenses.

Shang had absorbed the Darkness Mana inside his Subsis, which was effectively the same as using Void Break, increasing the power of his body by one level.

But that wouldn't be enough to resist such a powerful attack.

After absorbing all the Darkness Mana, Shang transformed it into Light Mana with an extreme of mass.

And then, he had used that Light Mana on his own body.

The mass and weight of his body had multiplied, which effectively meant that there was now much more of his body to burn.

Instead of having to burn through one layer of Shang's skin, the Blaze had to burn through a layer that was as thick as ten layers.

If Shang hadn't done that, his entire body would have vanished since the Blaze had effectively burned several Shangs of mass.

Sadly, this meant that the stored Mana inside his Subsis was now used up.

Luckily, Shang had survived, and he had also seen what kind of attack had hit him.

It was a mine.

The peacock had incorporated the heat part of the Blaze in the Wind Mana. After that, it had essentially conserved the Wind Mana in the air.

This meant that the air didn't seem to have any Wind or Fire Mana, but in truth, there had been a lot of that present.

And when the peacock had willed it, everything burst apart, releasing the stored energy.

When the peacock had shot into the distance, it had probably placed a couple of these mines in the atmosphere.

It might even be able to slowly move them around.

Shang was still over 40 kilometers away, and there could be any number of mines between him and his target.

'And I can't even hit it from here,' he thought. 'It's difficult enough to hit from melee range, but it's impossible to hit it from here.'

'Luckily, I managed to hit it earlier. Otherwise, I would probably die.'

'But victory still isn't certain.'

Earlier, when the bright light had consumed the peacock, Shang had placed all his Death Mana on the peacock's body.

And the Death Mana used the Concept of Purgatory this time.

Shang called this attack Radiation.