Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The Mage opened her eyes with a serious expression and activated her Mana Shield.

For Mages of such a level, the activation of Mana Shield could be considered almost instantaneous.

Shang used Comet to charge at the Mage. For now, he decided to keep the Mana inside his weapons.

WHOOOOOM!

Suddenly, all the Mana in the surroundings vanished.

However, Shang hadn't activated his Void Break.

'Void Casting!' Shang thought.

Shang could feel the absolute density of Mana the Mage was now keeping close to her.

This was more Mana than a Peak Ancestral Beast could use.

All the Mana entered her right hand, and she pulled it to her forehead.

For just a moment, she held the concentrated Mana to her forehead with closed eyes.

By now, Shang was only three kilometers away from her.

And then, she opened her eyes and pointed her hand at Shang.

Shang's instincts immediately screamed at him.

BOOOOOOM!

Everything happened in a single instance.

Back in the northern battlefield of Ice Wyvern Zone, many huge spears and spikes had been pointing towards the middle due to the two sources of Ice and Fire Mana.

The Mage had just created something very similar.

In just an instant, several kilometers of space had been filled with powerful spires pointing away from her.

Like a fan, the spires stretched across nearly ten kilometers.

This was a brutal level of destruction.

CRK!

A couple of Shang's bones shot back into place as he charged off one of the spires.

The problem was that he was over eight kilometers away from the target again.

When the Mage had unleashed that Spell, Shang had protected his body by unleashing the Mana stored in his Addum and transforming it into a huge and massive shield.

Sadly, the power of the attack still threw him into the distance and broke a couple of bones.

When the Mage saw that Shang had survived, she didn't hesitate and prepared her next Spell.

Based on the movement of the Mana, Shang could tell that she was preparing a different Spell.

A moment later, her Spell was finished.

BANG!

A great number of the spikes jutting out of the earth in front of Shang exploded off like they had been shot out of a cannon.

CRK! CRK!

Shang moved his Addum and Subsis around, destroying the spires.

The spires broke into pieces, but the pebbles still hit Shang's body, leaving several bruises across his body.

But that was far better than getting hit by a spire.

Shang could defend himself from the enemy attack, but he quickly noticed a problem.

The spires didn't stop.

This told Shang that the Mage hadn't used a one-time Spell but a continuous Spell.

Right now, she could command any spire to explode out of the ground.

Shang's speed took a heavy toll since he had to defend himself from all the spires in front of him, and the Mage got more time to ready Spells.

At that moment, her Focus also finished its Spell and shot a huge wave of earth at Shang.

The wave wasn't really dangerous, but Shang had to either strongly evade to the side or get pushed back.

This was obviously just a Spell to gain more time.

Shang decided to use the Mana in his Subsis to make a hole in the wave of earth and get through it quickly.

And as soon as Shang came out of the earthen wave, he transformed the absorbed Earth Mana into Light Mana with an extreme of brightness.

The world became filled with light, and the Mage had severe difficulties in perceiving Shang's location.

But then, she noticed something, and her eyes shone.

WHOOOOM!

All the Light Mana vanished as the Mage used Void Casting again.

Shang hadn't put a will on the Light Mana he had scattered, allowing her to use it for Void Casting.

But that was a common mistake.

After all, only very few Ancestral Mages knew Void Casting, and the warrior in front of her obviously didn't know anything about such an advanced kind of Spell Casting.

She hadn't seen the warrior use anything similar to Void Casting.

Yes, Shang hadn't used Void Break ever since the Mage had appeared.

The Light Mana was gone, but Shang kept charging at her.

The Spell the Mage had prepared with Void Casting was finished.

She pointed her right arm forward, right at Shang.

But then, she noticed something.

Her Spell was… weak.

In fact, it was even weaker than without using Void Casting!

But that made no sense!

And then, Shang snapped his fingers.

BOOOOOOOOOM!

The spot in front of the Mage's Mana Shield exploded with darkness, consuming everything around it.

Sepsis!

Earlier, Shang had used Radiation, but instead of using the Concept of Purgatory, he used the Concept of Sickness.

Because of that, all the Light Mana had been laced with Death Mana.

When the Mage had used Void Casting, she had pulled all the Light Mana and Death Mana to a spot in front of her. Compared to Void Break, Void Casting didn't pull the Mana inside a Mage's body. They only temporarily kept it in front of them to create a Spell with it.

Death Mana with the Concept of Sickness usually didn't absorb a lot of Mana very quickly, but things were different when someone actively increased the pressure and shoved Mana into it.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

One could view the Death Mana like small holes in a big container of water.

The pressure of the water would create a couple of small streams flowing out of the holes, but not that much.

But if someone increased the pressure severalfold, the stream would become far stronger and more intense.

The Mage had pushed all the Mana very close together, which meant that she had essentially pushed all the Light Mana into the Death Mana.

Which was why Sepsis showed such power.

Shang knew all too well how frustrating it was when someone countered his Void Break, but that also meant that he knew very well how to counter Void Break and Void Casting.

Usually, Mages wouldn't fall for such a trick, but things were different for Shang.

Shang was using Death Mana, and nearly no Mage even knew how Death Mana felt or looked like.

When all the Darkness Mana scattered, a huge area of darkness was created.

Shang immediately used his Concept of Twilight to travel through the darkness, right toward his target.

He appeared in front of her and attacked.

SHING!

But she used Mana Step.

Sepsis was strong, but it wasn't enough to win.