Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The Affinity Wheel stopped.

Space.

One of the extremely rare Affinities.

Although, these Affinities became less rare the more Shang advanced since these people were being searched for by the Empires and protected.

In the beginning, they might be a thousand people amongst trillions.

Then, they might be a thousand people amongst billions.

And now, they might be a thousand people amongst a couple of million.

It was still rare to fight someone like that outside of extreme places like the Hibye, but it was no longer unfathomably rare.

A second later, Shang's opponent appeared.

It was a young man with a serious expression and silver hair.

He wore robes made of different shades of grey, and Shang recognized these robes.

From time to time, foreign Mage Lords arrived in the Hibye due to the Ancestral Sword from the Weapon Grandmaster.

All of these Mage Lords came from other Empires, and these people all wore the uniforms of their respective Empires.

After all, they wanted to make a good and powerful impression while going to a different Empire.

The people of the Lightning Manor had purple robes, but they rarely wore them inside the Empire since the Lightning Manor was far more relaxed than other Empires.

The Twilight Dusk Family wore black and white robes.

And these robes with different shades of grey were worn by the people of the biggest and most powerful Empire, the Judgment Palace.

From what Shang had heard, these robes were designed like this to show that life and death are not as different as they appear to others.

The darker shades of grey represented death, and the lighter shades of grey represented life.

But what was the point where life ended and death began?

Was there a point?

That was why the robes were designed in this way.

Shang could feel a strong feeling of threat emanating from his opponent, which allowed him to gauge his power.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

He had a twofold Spirit Sense, which meant that he probably belonged to the top one percent of Ancestral Mages.

That meant that, even without his Affinity, he could join the Lightning Manor as a Spark.

Sparks were the lowest members of the Lightning Manor, but they still represented the peak of the world.

It was still very impressive to become a Spark.

Nevertheless, there was still quite a distance between a Spark and a Boltling.

But due to his Space Affinity, this Mage probably joined the Judgment Palace in an equivalent position to a Boltling, even though he wasn't nearly as strong as one.

Yet, all of that didn't matter so much.

In the end, he was a very talented Mage that was four levels above Shang.

Shang took a deep breath and readied himself.

The jester slowly lifted his hammer.

DING!

The bell rang, and Shang charged forward.

The Mage opened his eyes and looked directly at Shang.

WHOOOOM!

The man swung his arm to the side, and in an instant, Shang felt like the distance between him and his opponent enlarged severalfold.

Shang seemed to slow down drastically, but that was only an illusion caused by the expansion of space.

The man quickly started to ready several Spells, and Shang noticed that this was quite troublesome.

'I can't use darkness since he is so far away, and if I charge there normally, he would have already prepared several Spells.'

'I can't allow him to prepare more Spells!'

WHOOOOM!

Suddenly, Shang's surroundings started to turn into nothingness.

Domain of Entropy!

Shang's body started to vanish slowly.

However, the space between Shang and his opponent was vanishing far quicker.

Usually, Shang couldn't destroy as much with his Domain of Entropy, but the space in front of him was just that, space.

The Mage had enlarged the space, but he couldn't make more air and earth to fill the space.

The enlarged space wasn't empty, but it was like everything inside the space had been stretched, reducing its density.

The amount of Mana inside the additional space was the same, but the density was far lower, which increased the overall volume.

This meant that Shang's Domain of Entropy could destroy a huge part of the Space Mana for only very little cost.

By now, Shang had improved his Domain of Entropy.

He could enlarge his Domain of Entropy significantly at the cost of having to destroy irrelevant Mana.

At this moment, Shang's Domain of Entropy enlarged to a size of several kilometers, destroying all the Space Mana around him.

The many additional kilometers of space were destroyed in less than an instant.

In comparison to normal kinds of Mana, Space Mana didn't have a speed.

It was always present at all times.

This meant that the surrounding space didn't need to fill in the void that Shang left behind by destroying Space Mana since there technically had never been a void.

The distance between Shang and his opponent returned to normal, and Shang swung his Subsis.

WHOOOOM!

A corridor of darkness was summoned, surrounding both of them.

The Mage was quite surprised that Shang managed to destroy all the additional space he had created, but he immediately reacted.

Shang appeared in front of the Mage, but just an instant later, the distance between Shang and the Mage enlarged again.

This time, it was more problematic than before.

Earlier, Shang had already traveled several kilometers into the enlarged space, which meant that he had been surrounded by Mana with low density.

Now, he was standing at its edge, and if Shang enlarged his Domain of Entropy now, he would also destroy all the Darkness Mana around him with average density.

Even worse, the Mage had been incredibly smart and had reduced the density of Darkness Mana around him to such a degree that Shang couldn't even travel to that place with the Concept of Twilight.

Shang quickly analyzed his surroundings.

'Got no other choice,' he thought.

WHOOOM!

Shang used Void Break to absorb back all his Darkness Mana.

When the Mage saw that, a twinkle appeared in his eyes.

This was why Shang didn't originally want to use Void Break this early.

Someone like this definitely knew how to counter Void Casting, which would also counter Void Break.

This meant that this only worked once.

The next time Shang used Void Break, he might fall into a trap and die.

Nevertheless, Shang managed to get rid of all the Mana surrounding him, and before the surrounding Mana filled the void, Shang enlarged his Domain of Entropy to consume all the space.

The enlarged space between him and his opponent vanished again, and Shang shot forward.

His opponent was barely a couple of meters in front of him now.

It was impossible for him to evade.