Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Shang reappeared inside his huge Isolation Chamber. Luckily, the God had fixed it before the trial.

What did Shang think about not seeing the God again until he became strong enough to fight him?

Nothing.

The God was not someone that interested Shang.

He was only someone that Shang wanted to kill.

A tiny part of his Isolation Chamber had been left open, but Shang didn't feel like anyone was watching him.

Shang touched the bandage that was wrapped around his head.

This tool would help him a lot.

Shang slowly stood up and walked to the exit of the Isolation Chamber.

He opened the exit, stepped out, and put it back into his inner world.

WHOOM!

At that moment, Shang felt like hundreds of eyes had fallen on him.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

But over the next couple of seconds, the feeling faded substantially until there was only a very weak feeling of someone lightly glancing in his direction remained.

When the huge Isolation Chamber suddenly disappeared, all the Spirit Senses of the Bolts near the central area looked over since it was quite conspicuous for such a huge object to vanish.

When they saw Shang, they lost interest and looked away again.

Before the trial, Shang wouldn't have been able to feel all these gazes.

Shang also looked around with his Spirit Sense.

About an hour ago, the God had killed Lucin, and half an hour later, Shang had killed Queen Primordium.

The entire trial had only taken about half an hour, which meant that one hour had passed in total.

What had happened in the last hour?

Surprisingly, the world didn't look much different from before.

The only difference was that there were far fewer visible Bolts.

Shang could only see around two of them with his Spirit Sense.

However, thanks to the new bandage, Shang knew that there were far more Bolts. These Bolts just didn't show themselves to the Clouds.

Shang avoided inspecting all the different Clouds since Clouds could feel the senses of others as long as they were not far more powerful.

Shang looked around for a bit more.

If he didn't know what had happened, everything would seem normal.

Shang took out his Communication Crystal and tried to contact Lucin.

"Yes?" Lucin answered.

For just a moment, Shang's mind stopped.

But then, he realized that this was probably not the real one.

The Mages were probably using advanced Magic to make it seem like Lucin was talking through the Communication Crystal.

"I feel like something is going on," Shang said. "I feel like something happened."

"Hey, listen," the fake Lucin said with a bit of annoyance. "You're inside the Hibye. What can possibly happen? I'm currently busy with something. Is there something you need?"

Shang didn't say anything for a second.

"Never mind," Shang said. "I'm going to ask my teacher."

"Sure," the fake Lucin said before cutting the connection.

After that, Shang tried to contact Queen Primordium.

"The owner of the Communication Crystal can't be found," Shang's Communication Crystal said.

The fake Lucin might have put a tiny hope into Shang's mind that the God had faked their deaths, but when he heard that, that hope was obliterated.

This was the message that appeared when someone was dead.

Then, something surprising happened.

Nothing.

Nothing happened.

If a high-ranking officer died and someone rang their phone, wouldn't every investigator and colleague of that high-ranking officer immediately look at the person that tried to contact them?

Yet, absolutely no one looked at Shang.

This told Shang the current state.

They didn't know that Queen Primordium was dead!

As of now, only Lucin's death was known.

Shang realized that his current situation might become problematic.

If he simply didn't do anything and they found out that Shang had tried to contact Queen Primordium, they might decide to investigate him immediately.

'I have to act natural,' Shang thought.

Shang decided on an approach.

And then, he tried to contact Queen Primordium again.

After some minutes, he tried it one last time.

Lastly, he contacted Lucin again.

"Shang, I'm busy. What do you need?" the fake Lucin asked.

"I can't reach my teacher," Shang said. "She told me that I could reach her whenever. She even gave me the aura of her personal Communication Crystal. Yet, the Communication Crystal only gives me the same message as when someone died."

Five seconds of silence passed.

"Who was your teacher again?" the fake Lucin asked.

At that moment, Shang's aura became unstable for an instant.

Naturally, he had faked that reaction since this was how someone would react to such a question.

Shang could imagine how, in the last five seconds, a team of several Mages went through all the relevant documentation and information regarding Lucin to find out who Shang's teacher was.

Yet, there had been no documentation regarding Shang's teacher.

"Forget it," Shang said before cutting the connection.

The next second, Shang felt powerful eyes looking at him.

Shang acted like he wasn't feeling anything.

Then, he just motionlessly stood in one location for a couple of seconds.

After a while, Shang took to the skies and flew towards the west.

The eyes watching Shang never vanished, which meant that the person impersonating Lucin was still watching him.

A couple of seconds later, Shang arrived in front of someone.

"Haven't seen you in a while," Fleros, the person responsible for resource acquisition for the Clouds, said with a laugh.

Shang's aura was tense as he focused on Fleros.

"I need to go to the Lightning Manor," Shang said.

Fleros blinked a couple of times in surprise. "You? Why?" he asked.

"Does it matter?" Shang asked. "How much for an escort to the Lightning Manor?"

Fleros looked at Shang with a concerned and uncertain expression. "I can't just let anyone enter the Lightning Manor. You should ask Lucin for permission first."

"No," Shang answered. "I need to go to the Lightning Manor without Lucin's input."

"This entire thing is specifically because of Lucin."

Fleros frowned. "What are you talking about?"

"I can't tell you the specifics," Shang said. "This is something that goes far beyond my power, and the fewer people know, the better."

"Just bring me to the Lightning Manor."

Fleros looked at Shang with furrowed brows.

After that, he looked around a bit before contacting Shang via voice transmission.

"I know what you're talking about," Fleros transmitted. "I can only tell you this."

"Something happened, and we know about it."

"Just wait."