Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Shang remained silent for two seconds.

"Alright," he answered. "I don't know why someone is impersonating Lucin, but I presume there is a reason for that."

When Fleros heard Shang directly refer to Lucin being impersonated, his eyes narrowed for a second.

He had no idea how Shang had found out.

"Everything will be explained in a couple of days," Fleros answered. "For now, I must ask you to keep all of this a secret."

Shang nodded.

"However, there might be an even bigger problem."

'Bigger than Lucin's death?' Fleros thought in ridicule.

"What?" Fleros asked.

"My teacher's Communication Crystal is saying that she isn't reachable," Shang transmitted.

"And your teacher is?" Fleros asked.

Shang didn't say anything for two seconds.

"She is inside the Lightning Manor," Shang answered. "I need to go to the Lightning Manor."

Fleros furrowed his brows again. 

"Who's your teacher?" he asked again.

"I'm not telling you for your own good," Shang transmitted.

Fleros lifted an eyebrow. "For my own good?" he asked skeptically.

"Yes," Shang said. "You probably have some way to confirm whether I'm telling the truth or not. Just use that method. I'm not lying."

Fleros looked with a complicated expression at Shang.

"Your teacher isn't Lucin, right?" he asked.

"No," Shang answered.

Fleros looked at the sky with a worried expression.

If Shang's teacher was truly in the Lightning Manor and he couldn't reach her, it could mean that another Mage Lord had died.

Usually, Fleros wouldn't even entertain the thought that a Mage Lord died within the Lightning Manor, but after Lucin's head had just randomly exploded, he no longer doubted that something like this could happen.

A moment later, Shang felt more eyes looking at him.

Based on the intensity of the feeling, Shang knew that several Mage Lords were looking at him.

"You are not planning to damage or hurt the Lightning Manor or someone in it?" Fleros asked.

"No," Shang answered.

Silence.

A second later, most of the eyes stopped looking at Shang.

"Fine," Fleros transmitted after a sigh. "I'm bringing you to the Lightning Manor myself."

Shang nodded. "Thanks," he said.

Fleros also nodded and summoned a Transportation Plate.

Shang jumped on it, and the two of them shot toward the Lightning Manor.

It took them a couple of minutes to get there.

Eventually, the two of them landed in the courtyard.

"In which department is your teacher?" he asked.

  "I know where I need to go," Shang answered before walking towards the entrance.

Fleros frowned. "Listen, I can't just let you walk around randomly."

"Then, just follow me," Shang said as he opened the door.

As Shang opened the door, he felt an apocalyptic pressure encompassing his body as Fleros glared at him.

"I said, I can't just randomly let you walk around, Shang," Fleros said with a threatening tone. "There are rules, and you must abide by them."

The pressure Shang was under was akin to being threatened by a Beast King.

It couldn't be described how much pressure this put on someone's mind.

Yet, Shang just kept walking as if nothing had happened.

Fleros' eyes widened in shock.

How could someone in the Sixth Realm resist his mental pressure?!

It should be impossible for Shang to move!

Shang entered the Lightning Manor under the immense pressure, and a bit later, Fleros gritted his teeth and shot after him.

"Wait!" Fleros shouted as he shot after Shang.

Inside the Lightning Manor, casting Spells that weren't part of one's duty was forbidden.

If anyone just summoned a fireball, a barrier, or whatever, the entire Lightning Manor would take note of what happened and get distracted from their work.

This would be akin to lighting a firecracker in the night in a residential district.

Fleros reached Shang and put his hand on his shoulder with a lot of force.

CRACK!

Shang slapped the hand away, breaking it.

Fleros took a deep breath as he looked at his broken hand.

He saw Shang as someone over a Realm below him, but he had forgotten that Shang was a warrior.

Fleros wanted to cast a Spell in rage but stopped in the end.

He grew enraged by the fact that Shang disrespected him to this degree and ignored his commands.

He decided that when Shang exited the Lightning Manor again, he would give him a lesson.

"Are you crazy?!" Fleros shouted as he followed behind Shang.

Shang completely ignored him as he shot with rapid speed toward his goal.

Fleros kept shouting at Shang, but Shang didn't stop.

Eventually, Fleros noticed where they were, and he grew very nervous.

This was where the Mage Kings lived!

He wasn't supposed to be here!

"Are you insane?!" Fleros shouted in a whispery voice.

Shang passed several doors until he reached two doors beside each other.

When Fleros saw Shang rushing towards one of the two doors, he felt like his heart had stopped.

No!

No, no, no!

"Shang! Don't!" Fleros shouted as he did his best to stop Shang with his mind.

BANG!

Shang's fist hit the door, shaking the entire thing.

Fleros stopped breathing and froze in terror.

What had Shang just done?!

At this moment, Fleros feared for his life.

The warrior he had escorted had just punched the Custodian's door!

The Custodian was the most powerful Mage King, and only other Mage Kings and the Thunders working below him were allowed to contact him!

Shang just stopped in front of the door.

A couple of seconds later, the door opened, and the Custodian walked out with an apathetic expression on his face.

Fleros felt like he was looking death in the face.

He had never seen the Custodian before, and he definitely never wanted to see the Custodian under such circumstances.

"Shang Sword, what a pleasure to see you," the Custodian said with a restrained but slightly sarcastic tone. "Is there a reason why you wanted to break my door?"

Shang took out his Communication Crystal and tried to contact Queen Primordium.

Then, he threw the Communication Crystal to the Custodian, who just looked at it with a raised eyebrow.

After a couple of seconds, the surroundings seemed to darken.

A moment later, the Custodian took out his own Communication Crystal.

More seconds passed.

Shang and Fleros felt like the world around them was about to explode.

"I presume this isn't supposed to happen," Shang said.

Wester's eyes shot towards Shang, and for just a moment, Shang could feel endless coldness, rage, and hatred come from them before Wester regained control.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Wester took a deep breath and cleaned his already immaculate suit.

"Oh dear," he said.

"That's not good."