Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

The Myriad King had to chuckle a bit when he saw Shang's nonchalant attitude.

It was like he was talking to some people on the street instead of two Mage Kings.

The Starlight Queen, on the other hand, just furrowed her brows.

The Starlight Queen was someone that deeply respected her superiors.

In her mind, power and contributions deserved respect.

However, she also knew that this was her own philosophy, and she knew that she couldn't expect everyone to share that philosophy with her.

She had met enough humans with horrible attitudes.

She knew that trying to change all of them was an exercise in futility.

"Are you the reason why the Ancestor left?" the Myriad King asked as he inspected Shang with interest.

As the head of the Research Department, he knew a lot about other Paths, and he had also already noticed that Shang wasn't actually a Mage.

Shang nodded. "Yes, but I'm not sure if I'm allowed to tell you."

"Oh?" the Myriad King uttered with interest.

Then, he put his hand to his chin and rubbed it in thought.

The entire time, he kept looking at Shang.

"You have a fivefold Spirit Sense," he said.

At that moment, Fleros' eyes widened in absolute shock.

What?!

Fleros turned to look at Shang in disbelief.

A fivefold Spirit Sense?

Sure, Shang was a Cloud, but there was a difference between a normal Cloud and one with a fivefold Spirit Sense!

The Starlight Queen also looked at Shang with surprise.

Was this why his aura felt so strange?

Shang didn't answer.

The Starlight Queen wasn't the biggest fan of Shang's refusal to answer, but he wasn't part of her Department, which meant it was not her place to reprimand him.

The Myriad King kept looking at Shang with interest for a couple of seconds.

Then, he summoned his Communication Crystal and looked at it.

Very quickly, his smile vanished.

His face became more and more shocked the more time passed.

Shang noticed all of this and knew that the Myriad King had found out what had happened.

'It's shocking how quickly he combined all the clues,' Shang thought.

Something that would make the Lightning Emperor leave his castle had to be monumental.

Now, did this thing happen within the Lightning Manor's Empire or outside of it?

Since Shang was the one that brought these news, it meant that this monumental incident had happened within the Lightning Manor's Empire. After all, as a warrior and someone with a fivefold Spirit Sense, Shang wouldn't be outside the Empire, which meant that he wouldn't be the one that got the info first, which meant that he wouldn't be the one reporting.

So, it had to be within the Lightning Manor's Empire.

Now, as someone with a fivefold Spirit Sense, Shang had to be part of the Contender Department, the small Department within the Reinforcement Department.

Which meant that the incident was likely related to that.

And the last clue was…

Queen Primordium wasn't here yet.

She was always in her room, and she should have been one of the first to arrive.

When he had combined all the clues, the Myriad King simply tried to call Queen Primordium, which told him everything he needed to know.

Sarah looked with surprise at the Myriad King's fallen, shocked, and stressed expression.

Something that could even shock him?

Someone of his age that had seen so many things?

After a while, he took a deep breath, but it was still difficult to calm down.

If the Lightning Emperor's disappearance hadn't already confirmed the truth, the Myriad King wouldn't have believed it.

ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

A Mage King…

Dead…

Queen Primordium still had over 30,000 years left, which meant that it was impossible that she died of natural causes.

It could have only been her own doing, or someone else's doing.

And she definitely didn't seem like a careless or suicidal person.

A Mage King had been killed…

The impact of such a statement was hard to grasp.

The best comparison would be someone on Earth hearing that an intercontinental nuclear missile had been launched.

It was literally a precursor to doomsday.

This could mean war.

At that moment, the door to the Lightning Emperor's study opened, and the Custodian walked out.

The other two Mage Kings looked at him.

However, Wester looked at Fleros instead, who cowered in fear under the gaze.

"Why are you here?" he asked.

"I-I was escorting him," he stuttered nervously as he pointed to Shang.

The Custodian's eyes flashed with understanding. "I've heard of what happened to Lucin," he said. "Do you know of a second person that died today?"

Fleros shook his head. "No, I only know of Lucin."

The Custodian nodded. "Leave and keep any details you might have grasped to yourself."

"Y-yes, sir!" Fleros said with a bow before rapidly running away.

"Sir, what's going on?" the Starlight Queen asked.

Wester sighed and looked at her.

Then, he threw a glance at the Myriad King and noticed his expression.

'Of course, he would have already found out,' Wester thought with another sigh.

Wester turned to the Starlight Queen.

"Vana has been assassinated inside her room," Wester transmitted.

Over the course of several seconds, the Starlight Queen's face turned more and more horrified.

What?!

But she was the second most powerful Mage King in the Lightning Manor!

Who could kill her?!

Inside her room!

Without anyone noticing!

It was impossible!

This must have been an incredibly powerful Mage King with the support of a Mage Emperor!

Did one of the other Empires attack them?!

"The Ancestor is dealing with it," Wester transmitted to the two of them. 

"We have to wait for further orders."

Meanwhile, many kilometers away, a humongous cloud of lightning, thousands upon thousands of kilometers wide, shot through the sky at unreal speeds.

In the center of this humongous cloud was the Lightning Emperor.

But he was very different from usual.

A determined, brutal, and cold expression replaced his usual relaxed smile.

The only two people that could have done something like this were him and Wester, and the Lightning Emperor was absolutely certain that Wester hadn't killed Queen Primordium.

This meant that it had been someone outside the Empire.

Killing one of his closest people right under his nose…

It didn't get more provocative and disrespectful than that.

When the Lightning Emperor had heard of what happened, he had looked into Queen Primordium's room.

The sight of the pile of meat had horrified him.

How had something like this happened right beneath his nose?!

This could only have been done with the help of at least one other Emperor!

The Lightning Emperor hadn't even thought for a second that the God Shang had told him about had been responsible for that.

Why not?

Imagine there was a religious general sitting in one of his bases.

One of his highest officers dies mysteriously in their room.

Now, even if that general were religious, would that general believe that the soldier had been killed by God, even though he didn't know who or how his officer was killed?

Of course not!

It was not realistic.

The God had never gotten involved in the world before.

Why would he now?

This must have been done by one of the other Emperors.

And today, the Lightning Emperor would remind them of the past.

There was a good reason why he had been Lucius' second-in-command!