Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

The Lightning Emperor looked with unending rage at the distant Judgment Palace.

Silence.

The Judgment Palace wasn't doing anything.

Slowly, the lightning around the Lightning Emperor intensified.

"Arrogant as always," the Lightning Emperor's voice echoed throughout the world.

"You believe yourself to be invincible."

"Everyone must bow to you."

"You are right."

"You are just."

The lightning around the Lightning Emperor became even more violent.

"You ignore me?!" the Lightning Emperor shouted in anger as the world around him exploded in thunder and lightning.

Deep in the Judgment Palace, at its very core between the two contrasting sides, was a beautiful room where death and life met.

Two people were standing near each other, one of them embracing the other from behind with their arms.

"We should really go out," the embraced person said with a helpless sigh.

"He's throwing a tantrum," the embracing person said coldly. "He doesn't deserve a response."

The embraced person smiled awkwardly as they scratched the side of their head in embarrassment. "We don't even know why he's like that. Maybe there's a reason why he is like that. I think we should ask."

The arms embracing them tightened with terrifying power, causing the person great discomfort.

"You are mine," the cold voice behind the embraced person said in their ears.

The next moment, the long nails of the embracing arms slowly but sensually created deep scratches in the embraced person's skin, but it was like the nails were going through water.

The flesh and skin reappeared like water flowing back into place.

"You are not you," the cold voice said.

The embraced person only continued smiling in awkwardness as they became a bit embarrassed, their cheeks flushing red.

"You are mine," the cold voice said again.

"Fine, fine," the embraced person said as they looked to the side in embarrassment.

The cold breath of the person behind them created black spots of dying flesh and skin on their right ear, but they vanished just as quickly as they appeared.

Outside, the Lightning Emperor's rage reached new levels.

Kali had always disrespected and looked down on him.

She had always called him weak, telling him that the only reason why he was Lucius' second-in-command was that he had been the first to join.

Kali never believed that he had the power to back up his position.

Yet, Lucius had always told her that she was underestimating him.

Lucius always said that he was far more powerful than she thought and that she shouldn't underestimate him.

But Kali always only looked at him and his fragile nature.

He always only smiled and was polite to everyone, even when they weren't polite to him.

He was a pushover.

He was weak.

And, worst of all, he was too emotional.

He cried whenever anyone close to him died, and he very quickly lost control and threw tantrums.

Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

He was a weak-willed child.

And yet, Lucius always kept saying that he was dependable, powerful, and capable.

Kali didn't hate him, but she had no respect or goodwill for him.

Adam, on the other hand, had always been the most approachable out of everyone.

Everyone respected him, and everyone was his friend.

But ever since he managed to win Kali's "love", he rarely talked to anyone anymore, and everyone around him grew distant.

And, worst of all, he didn't mind it.

He even seemed to embrace it.

He had thrown his friends and connections away with a happy smile and no regrets.

It all seemed so easy and effortless.

Had he ever been their friend?

In the end, Adam had seemingly completely disappeared, enveloped and consumed by Kali.

Adam was still alive, but he wasn't leading a life.

He was like one of Kali's accessories.

The Emperor of Life wasn't truly alive.

Yet, Kali felt intense, burning, and conflicting emotions at every moment as she encompassed Adam.

As someone with a Death Affinity, she was supposed to be cold, apathetic, and unfeeling.

But every moment around Adam was filled with intense emotions.

She loved him.

And because of that, she wanted him to die.

He could only truly be hers when he was dead.

Then, he and she would be at peace again.

But she couldn't kill him.

She loved feeling this conflict of intense emotions.

The Empress of Death wasn't truly dead.

What should be alive wasn't alive, and what should be dead wasn't dead.

It was a contradiction.

Kali kept clawing at Adam as her cold breath washed over him.

Adam only kept smiling in happiness and embarrassment.

And now, the two of them were only looking at the distant Lightning Emperor, who was hovering in front of their home.

Due to the powerful defenses, the Lightning Emperor couldn't see the two, but he could imagine what they were doing.

As always, they ignored him.

He had had enough!

He was sure that Kali was the one that had killed Vana!

He had never had any problems with any of the other Emperors, but Kali always wanted to humiliate and injure him.

And, even more, they actually both had a very clear motive for wanting to kill a Mage King.

King Sanctified Death.

King Sanctified Death was an enigma.

He had appeared out of seemingly nowhere with unparalleled power.

But the Mage Emperors knew where he had come from.

His mere existence was incorrect.

He shouldn't exist.

Life and death might be similar, but they can't be the same.

They can't combine.

They can't create.

Whatever they would create was either alive or dead.

It couldn't be both.

Yet, somehow, it happened.

Life and death had created something.

Something that shouldn't exist.

Someone with a Life and Death Dual Affinity.

And naturally, Adam and Kali wanted their creation to become a Mage Emperor like them.

King Sanctified Death.

Abaddon.

Their son.

When the Lightning Emperor had seen Vana's corpse, he knew that it was them.

There had been no more Mana in the room.

Someone had stolen all of Vana's Mana.

It had to have been the doing of those two.

Who else could do something like this and get away with it?!

Who else was crazy enough to commit such an atrocity?!

And now, the Lightning Emperor had enough.

He had wanted to give them one last chance to talk things out, but they weren't even willing to do that.

'You think I won't do anything?!' the Lightning Emperor thought in fury.

'Lucius always told me to hold myself back.'

'But enough is enough!'

'Today, blood will flow!'

Suddenly, all the lightning around the Lightning Emperor vanished.

And then, the two Mage Kings beside the Lightning Emperor were lifted to the sky.

Silence.

Adam and Kali only looked at him with interest and ridicule.

They saw his eyes.

They were filled with determination.

The Lightning Emperor clenched his fist.

And the two Mage Kings exploded.