Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Kali just coldly looked at Gregorio. "Are you surprised?" she asked. "That your famed Symphony of Destruction is only worth this much?"

Gregorio didn't show any visible reaction.

A moment later, a terrifying amount of Mana flowed out of his tome, which then formed into a terrifying disk made of different kinds of Mana.

Then, the disk exploded, leaving behind three bolts of colorful lightning.

Gregorio's eyes narrowed as he performed one calculation after the other.

BANG!

One of the bolts shot at Kali.

Kali lifted her left hand and closed it gently.

The lightning bolt warped before it vanished, leaving a grey mist behind.

Gregorio rapidly spoke several words and shot the second lightning bolt at her.

Kali lightly moved the fingers on her right hand in a rhythmical pattern, and the lightning bolt scattered into colorful dust.

When Kali saw the colorful dust, just the slightest bit of surprise appeared on her face.

Gregorio spoke even more words and fired the third bolt.

Kali moved her left index finger forward.

The bolt warped a bit but moved back into place like a snake.

Her eyebrows narrowed slightly, and her right hand joined to help her left hand.

Kali moved her two hands away from each other.

BANG!

And the lightning bolt was split apart, missing her.

However, compared to the previous times, she couldn't fully disperse the power, which meant that the power would detonate.

How many people would die?

The pieces of the lightning bolts rapidly shot into the distance, but the further they traveled, the smaller they became.

It was like some kind of heavy force was grinding them down.

Inside the Judgment Palace, Adam released a breath as he cleaned his forehead of sweat. "That was a tricky one," he muttered.

Outside, Kali looked at Gregorio with slightly narrowed eyes. "It seems like I took your Three Bolts of Heaven too lightly in the past. I actually needed to use two hands to deal with the third one."

Gregorio's face was sweating quite a bit. It seemed like he had used up a lot of his focus and Mana with that Spell.

"It's been over 250,000 years," he said. "Do you honestly believe that I am still the same as back then?"

Kali wasn't very impressed.

The next moment, Gregorio grandly stretched out his arms as white lightning came out of his eyes.

His arms moved to paint a picture of the sun, which slowly transformed into a picture of the moon.

As his arms moved, the color of his lightning also darkened.

Until it eventually turned completely black.

SNAP!

Suddenly, the color of the world inverted.

White was black.

Black was white.

Blue was red.

Red was blue.

Kali's eyes widened slightly in surprise.

She actually had no idea what Gregorio was doing or how he was doing it.

Was this a Concept?

At that moment, Gregorio just smirked and snapped his fingers.

Suddenly, the grey mist that had dealt with Gregorio's attacks reappeared, but this time, there was much more, and it was surrounding Kali.

Kali realized that this grey mist wasn't following her will but Gregorio's will!

BOOOOOOOM!

All the grey mist exploded at once, releasing all the power the grey mist had imprisoned.

All of Gregorio's earlier attacks were released with their full power directly at Kali from point-blank range.

Inside the Judgment Palace, Adam's eyes widened in surprise, and he let out a whistle of appreciation.

"Huh, he's stronger than I expected," Adam said. "Lucius wasn't talking crap."

Even more, the apocalyptic power Gregorio had unleashed had been so concentrated and on-point that Adam hadn't even needed to protect the surroundings.

All of the power had been focused on Kali.

However, Adam wasn't worried.

A moment later, black mist gathered around the spot where Kali had just been and expanded.

As the black mist expanded, the inverted colors seemed to get pushed back.

Gregorio focused on keeping the black mist suppressed, and it seemed to work.

The black mist couldn't stretch further and was struggling to maintain the small domain it had created.

A moment later, the black mist was being pushed back by the inverted colors.

Gregorio had the upper hand.

"Fine," the bored voice of Kali came from the black mist.

WHOOOOOOOM!

All the inverted colors broke apart and were destroyed as the world seemingly broke apart.

The black mist expanded and expanded, encompassing the surrounding 500,000 kilometers.

Inside the Judgment Palace, Adam smiled awkwardly as he was sweating buckets.

He had to protect all the living beings in this huge domain.

Luckily, Kali wasn't targeting the living beings. Otherwise, Adam would never be able to do this.

If Adam hadn't been there to protect everything, every living being in a radius of 500,000 kilometers would have been destroyed.

Beasts, plants, humans…

Even Mage Lords and Mage Kings.

Kali never truly cared about other living beings.

Just now, she hadn't cared if her stunt killed all the Mage Kings under her or not.

When Gregorio had killed the two Mage Kings, she also hadn't particularly cared about them.

However, Gregorio killing these two right in front of her home was obviously a slight at her.

He had disrespected her!

And that was why she was so furious.

A bit later, all the black mist gathered and formed a huge silhouette.

It was a huge beast with six arms, two legs, and tentacles.

An Abomination!

However, this wasn't just any Abomination.

This was the image of an Abomination King!

Back then, their group had once seen an Abomination King.

Usually, Lucius always dealt with the Abominations, but just this once, Lucius hadn't been there.

This meant that the group needed to deal with the Abomination King on their own.

This had been one of the most dangerous battles ever.

In the years after the battle, Kali had researched the Abominations and had created this attack.

The Abominations were the most terrifying beings in this world, and harnessing their powers would increase her power.

This resulted in the creation of this Spell.

The Abominable State.

Something that increased her powers severalfold.

Gregorio saw the gigantic misty Abomination and narrowed his eyes as he sweated bullets.

OOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHH!

The Abomination released a terrifying howl, reverberating throughout the world.

And then, its right hand shot forward.

Gregorio rapidly spoke words, and his tome began to shine.

One colorful lightning bolt after the other shot out of the tome, hitting the black claw.

BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG!

Every single bolt could kill a Mage King, but the humongous Abomination seemingly didn't care.

Its claw continued to stretch forward.

Gregorio spoke more and more words, launching more and more Spells.

Eventually, the number of lightning bolts reached a ridiculous degree, and the humongous claw slowed down.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Until it stopped.

A barrage of lightning bolts kept hitting the stationary claw under Gregorio's intense gaze.

BANG!

And then, the claw broke apart and dispersed.

But just a bit later, a new claw formed out of the huge black mist.

Adam just watched with a concerned expression.

It was already impressive enough that Gregorio could block one of Kali's attacks while she was in her Abominable State.

Adam looked at the exhausted Gregorio.

Sadly, Kali could use 20 more of these attacks.

There was no way that Gregorio could win.

Kali was simply far too powerful.

"I have to admit. You're stronger than expected," Kali's cold voice came from the huge Abomination. "But not by much."

"In the past, I didn't go against you because of Lucius."

"But Lucius is no longer here."

"It's time for you to find peace, Gregorio," Kali spoke coldly as the Abomination moved its claw forward again.

Gregorio looked at the approaching claw.

"So, you're truly willing to kill me, huh?" he said.

Then, he sighed.

"That makes this easier."

SHING! SHING!

Suddenly, two incredibly dense balls of Mana appeared beside Gregorio.

This was the Mana of the two dead Mage Kings!

These two dense balls of Mana represented two dead Mage Kings and two potential new Mage Kings.

Gregorio's eyes narrowed.

The next moment, the big tome in front of him disappeared, and a small black booklet appeared in its place.

Kali and Adam saw the booklet, and for some reason, they felt like this booklet shouldn't exist.

It almost felt like an Abomination.

Gregorio spoke words that no one in the world found familiar.

It was a forbidden language that no one knew.

The next moment, a black sphere appeared between the two balls of Mana.

The sphere absorbed the balls of Mana.

And the Mana vanished.

Two balls representing two Mage Kings completely disappeared.

The Mana wasn't transformed into a different kind of Mana or something like that.

It had vanished!

The Mana had actually vanished from this world!

Kali and Adam both understood what had happened.

And for the first time, Kali actually felt fear.

What?!

How?!

"You know, despite all of this, I think I'll still miss you," Gregorio said.

Then, he stretched out his hand towards the huge Abomination.

"Even if only a little bit."

Gregorio had sacrificed two Mage Kings worth of Mana.

Somehow, he had managed to grasp a part of the powers of Entropy.

The power of the Abominations.

This single attack was like two Abomination Kings sacrificing their lives in an all-out attack to destroy the entire world.

'This is why Lucius never wanted us to fight, Kali,' Gregorio thought.

'He never wanted you to die.'

'And he never wanted anyone to know that he wasn't the only Mage in the world that could use the power of the Abominations.'

'I might not even be nearly as good as him in it, but I know a thing or two.'

'Enough to end your life!'

And then, the black sphere vanished.

And with it, the entire world in front of it.