Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

The Mana vanished.

The power of the Abominations consumed the world.

There was no obvious wave of destruction or anything traveling out from this location.

No, the world in front of the attack just vanished.

Gregorio's body had shriveled quite a bit, but after summoning a small object and crushing it, his body recovered fully.

Gregorio looked at what destruction he had just caused.

Just 200,000 kilometers away from this place, Gregorio could see frozen mountains as well as burning mountains.

Gregorio knew this place.

This place was the Fire and Ice Range, one of the best places to comprehend the Ice and Fire Concepts in the world.

And, most shocking of all, the Fire and Ice Range was in the middle of the Tower of Climate's Empire.

Yet, Gregorio was in the middle of the Judgment Palace's Empire.

Yes, the entire world between the Judgment Palace and the Tower of Climate's center had vanished.

In fact, the actual Tower of Climate was only a million kilometers away from the Judgment Palace now.

This meant that Gregorio had deleted over six million kilometers of distance.

How many had died?

Uncountable.

This single attack had changed the shape of the entire continent Aterium.

Aterium had been somewhat round before all of this.

Now, the eastern coast had moved six million kilometers inward, which was a bit less than a third of Aterium's width.

It was like someone had taken a huge bite out of a pizza.

And yet...

The Judgment Palace was still there.

For all intents and purposes, it should have been destroyed like everything else.

But it was still there.

And Gregorio could see why.

The huge Abomination had vanished, revealing the uninjured Kali.

Yet, the reason she was uninjured had nothing to do with her own power.

In front of her, a couple of blonde hairs floated towards the ground.

These hairs were the only part of Adam's body that had survived.

Everything else had been sacrificed to protect Kali.

Yet, Kali didn't look at the hairs or at Gregorio.

Instead, she looked at the small shining sphere in her hand.

These spheres were called Inheritor Spheres.

Whenever a Mage King died, all their Mana would be absorbed by these Spheres so that a new Mage King could be born.

But this sphere didn't have the Mana of a Mage King, but the Mana of a Mage Emperor.

Adam had used his powers to divert the attack.

Originally, the attack wouldn't have destroyed nearly as much of the world since most of it would have been focused on consuming Kali.

Yet, somehow, Adam had managed to divert it, which meant that all the power had consumed the world after consuming him.

Due to the nature of his death, he couldn't put all of his Mana in the Inheritor Sphere, but there was enough in there to create an Initial Mage Emperor.

If Adam had sacrificed all his Mana, the blast might have only destroyed one million kilometers of the world, but Adam hadn't been willing.

He wanted to leave a present behind, even if countless others had to perish for it.

He protected Kali's life, and he also left behind something that would allow his son to become a Mage Emperor, even if he would only become an Initial Mage Emperor.

When Gregorio had seen all that, he could only take a deep breath.

He had been willing to sacrifice a part of the world, but he had never wanted to destroy so much of it.

He only wanted to kill Kali for what she had done to Vana.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

But now, Kali was still alive, and a huge chunk of the world had vanished.

He had completely failed.

This was not how things were supposed to go.

WHOOOOOOOM!

WHOOOOOOOM!

Suddenly, one apocalyptic Spirit Sense after the other stretched across the battlefield.

The other Mage Emperors had noticed what had happened.

And now, they were all here.

The first person that appeared was obviously the Emperor of the Tower of Climate to the east of Aterium. After all, they were now essentially directly in front of her door.

She was a beautiful young woman with orange hair that slowly turned into icy blue hair the further down it went.

She also wore the uniform of the Climate Empire, blue and orange robes.

This was Jenny Greenhouse, the Empress of the Tower of Climate.

At this moment, Jenny only looked with a mix of shock and rage at Kali and Gregorio.

Where had her western Empire gone?!

What had these two idiots done this time?!

Couldn't these two just stop antagonizing each other?!

A tiny instant later, another person arrived.

It was a middle-aged man with blonde hair and black eyes. He wore the typical white and black robes of the Twilight Dusk Family.

This was Amon Gus, the Emperor of the Twilight Dusk Family.

He could only sigh when he saw Kali and Gregorio.

At the same time, another person appeared.

From the south appeared a middle-aged lady wearing greyish silver robes, and her mere presence warped the space around her.

This was Isis Neweston, the Empress of the Event Horizon Empire.

She only closed her eyes and took a deep breath.

The next person that appeared came from the northeast.

It was a woman with dark blue eyes and dark blue hair. Her robes were just as dark blue as her hair and eyes.

Similar to Isis Neweston, the world around her seemed to warp, but in a different way.

This was Bina Ching, the Empress of the Darkcold Fortress.

She simply looked with narrowed eyes at Gregorio.

An instant later, another person appeared from the southeast.

It was a fiery and aggressive woman with orange hair and red lips. In comparison to the others, she only wore a short formfitting red dress.

This was Linastra Boomwitch, the Empress of the Sungod Mountain Empire.

As she looked at Gregorio and Kali, the air around her began to warp with insane heat, and she nearly exploded with rage.

The last two Emperors appeared a second later.

From the west came a tall and muscular man with green hair and brown eyes. He wore earthen brown robes with green accessories. 

This was Brutus Cesar, the Emperor of the Land and Sky Empire.

He saw the sphere in Kali's hands and furrowed his brows.

The last person came from the southwest.

It was an older woman with greyish-blue hair and greyish-blue robes. 

This was Nivera Preston, the Empress of the Deepsteel Empire.

She didn't show much of a reaction when she appeared, but the people that knew her could tell that she was annoyed.

Everyone was here.

Every living Emperor had gathered in this place.