Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

A week passed as Shang only trained inside his inner world.

The confused man was still walking around, not knowing what was happening or where he was.

Shang returned to the real world and threw a glance at his opponent.

BANG!

The man was incinerated as Shang summoned a powerful storm of fire on his location.

Without a Mana Shield, Mages weren't exactly very durable.

After some seconds, the barrier became transparent again, and everyone could see inside.

The Mage King of the Judgment Palace looked with interest when the barrier lifted.

Sadly, there was nothing the Mage King could analyze.

She could only tell that a Fire Spell had been used just now, but that was it. This wasn't really a lot of information to go on.

However, one thing was clear.

That Early Ancestral Mage inside the Defender Flag was definitely strong.

In the last week, many of the people that had been standing behind the Mage King had left.

Originally, the Mage King wanted to have a bit of fun with the war and send in a couple of suicidal people that overvalued their own power.

But after having to wait for an entire week, she scratched that idea.

All the average and slightly above-average people had left within the last week, but there were still a lot of people behind the Mage King.

After all, as soon as they conquered that territory, they could attack more and more.

They might be in a sort of bottleneck right now, but that would soon change.

"Anyone wanna try?" the Mage King asked the people behind her.

There were only the equivalents of Boltlings and Clouds left behind the Mage King.

"I want to give it a go," one of them said.

The people were not really surprised. In the past week, they had had plenty of time to choose someone for the assault.

The Mage King looked at the volunteer.

It was a girl with red hair and narrowed eyes. The atmosphere around her seemed heavy and severe.

It was almost like she was ready to explode with anger.

"You sure?" the Mage King asked. She hadn't cared about the earlier guy, but the person that had just spoken up was quite a strong Mage with a threefold Spirit Sense.

"We already talked about it," a guy behind the volunteer said. "She gets to go first."

The Mage King looked at the guy for a bit.

Then, she nodded. "Sure. Good luck."

The red-haired volunteer readied herself as she summoned her Focus.

She definitely wasn't weak.

'Well,' the Mage King thought, 'even if she might not win, I doubt that guy can do the same thing to her as to the last guy. At least I don't have to wait a week again.'

After some seconds, the red-haired Mage took to the sky and shot into the barrier.

The barrier became cloudy again, and everyone returned to waiting.

Shang also noticed that the barrier had become cloudy, and he waited for his opponent.

Just a couple of seconds later, Shang could see her.

'Her Aura has been masked,' Shang thought as he felt the tiny pressure of a very average Mage.

He doubted that his newest opponent was just an average Mage.

However, there was a slight chance that this was actually really an average Mage.

In comparison to the previous fight, Shang didn't immediately launch an attack.

Instead, he pulled out his two swords and waited.

The distance between them closed.

3,000 kilometers.

No reaction from her.

2,500 kilometers.

No reaction from her.

2,000 kilometers.

No reaction from her.

1,500 kilometers.

No reaction from her.

eαglesnᴏνel She still hadn't seen Shang.

Or, at least, she was acting like it.

At this moment, Shang could feel the feeling of being watched emanate from his bandages.

His opponent tried to act like her Spirit Sense wasn't so powerful. In fact, she was acting very well.

However, in front of the bandages, she couldn't hide the true reach of her Spirit Sense.

Shang activated Comet and shot forward.

His speed reached terrifying levels, and the two of them very quickly reached each other.

Now, there were only around 500 kilometers between them.

The Mage readied her Spells and waited for Shang to reach her.

Theoretically, Shang was within her range, but she was quite sure that she couldn't hit him from this distance.

Shang pulled his Subsis back.

SHING!

Then, he rapidly used two Mana Steps to get to a distance of 100 kilometers.

The Mage narrowed her eyes.

Shang swung his Subsis.

WHOOOOM!

A corridor of darkness consumed the Mage.

Shang immediately moved through the Darkness, appearing just behind her.

At the same time, he used Void Break to consume the Darkness again, which he then shoved back into his Subsis.

Everything was so fast that the Mage had problems understanding what had just happened.

Why did her opponent get so close to her?!

Was he insane?!Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

It had been a long time since Shang had fought someone that hadn't known that he was actually a warrior.

When Shang appeared behind her, The Mage immediately unleashed all her prepared Spells at Shang.

DING! DING! DING!

Shang's Subsis destroyed the will on all three of the attacks and absorbed them.

The Mage immediately tried to use Mana Step, but Shang's Domain of Entropy interrupted it.

The Mage's eyes widened in terror.

Shang's violently burning Addum struck down.

CRACK!

The Mage's Mana Shield exploded.

Shang's Addum stopped just before hitting her.

An instant later, Shang's finger reached her forehead and infused the Mage's mind with Death Mana with the Concept of Purgatory.

Her eyes lost their light, and her pupils dilated.

The next instant, Shang grabbed her and threw her at the ground.

BOOOOM!

An explosion occurred at the place where she hit the ground, and Shang retreated into the distance at high speed.

Several seconds later, the Mage climbed out of the small crater she had created and looked around.

Why was she here?

Did she make that crater?

Why didn't she remember anything?

Oh, a bird!

She liked birds.

And then, she walked over to look at the birds.

Meanwhile, Shang refilled his Death Mana and waited.

This time, he wouldn't wait for a week.