Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Shang noticed that the barrier had become cloudy a bit later than usual, which meant that things might have changed.

After a couple of seconds of waiting, Shang saw his new opponent.

Their aura was very weak, but as always, he couldn't trust his senses. 

The only thing he could trust was his bandage.

When the enemy reached a distance of 2,000 kilometers, Shang felt his bandage react.

'So, they've finally sent people with fourfold Spirit Senses,' Shang thought. 'I guess I can't complain about the number of talented Mages I have killed.'

Surprisingly, the grey-haired man shot directly toward Shang as soon as he found him.

He was not putting up an act.

He essentially directly told Shang that he had a fourfold Spirit Sense.

"Fine," Shang said as he readied his swords.

In the distance, the grey-haired man narrowed his eyes.

This confirmed that Shang had a fourfold Spirit Sense.

He had truly played everyone.

An instant later, Shang shot forward with Comet.

The grey-haired Mage cast several Spells, preparing himself for Shang's arrival.

The two were rapidly charging at each other.

But then, just 500 kilometers away from the opponent, Shang suddenly stopped.

He lifted his Addum, and the world inside the barrier began to shake.

The grey-haired man immediately felt like he was about to die.

The opponent was preparing an insanely powerful Spell!

Shang slashed downward.

At the same time, above the Mage, an illusory Addum appeared, which was burning with insanely hot fire.

Shang was unleashing Meteor!

Meteor was Shang's most powerful attack without using Entropy, but it was also very slow.

The Mage quickly thought about some way to deal with the enemy's Spell.

Sure, Mana Step was always an option, but that would waste a lot of Mana.

Maybe release a couple of Spells to destroy the attack?

No, the attack was too strong.

In the end, the Mage decided to use Mana Step.

The Mage vanished, reappearing only 300 kilometers away from Shang.

'His primary attacking range is way longer than mine,' the Mage thought. 'I can't launch such a devastating Spell from such a distance. I should get closer to get him into my attacking range.'

'But his way of casting Spells is very strange. I've seen a couple of people that use weapons that are not Foci, but I've never seen someone not using a Focus that was this powerful.'

The next instant, the darkness around Shang's Subsis vanished, and he lifted his Addum again.

This time, Shang slashed forward with all his power.

WHOOOOM!

A small but brightly shining object launched from Shang's Addum.

Missile!

The man narrowed his eyes and moved his hand forward.

The next moment, a powerful gravitational field appeared in the attack's way, changing its trajectory.

It was about to miss the man by quite a wide margin.

At the same time, the man's Focus released a powerful beam of gravity, directly shooting toward Shang.

If Shang got hit by that, all of his organs around the beam of gravity would be pulled in and destroyed.

SHING!

Suddenly, Shang vanished as he used Mana Step.

And he appeared directly beside the Missile he had launched earlier!

Shang's Addum touched Missile, and the attack vanished.

The next instant, Shang pointed his Subsis at the opponent.

BANG!

A spear of darkness hit the man's Mana Shield.

It was Needle!

There were only a couple of kilometers between the two, and the opponent couldn't evade such a fast attack.

However, Needle didn't do a lot of damage. It barely destroyed 10% of the opponent's Mana.

Yet, at this moment, the man's eyes shone as he saw an opportunity to win.

He had anticipated that Shang would try to save his missed attack from earlier!

That attack had been insanely powerful, which meant that it cost a lot of Mana to use.

It would be a waste to just let it miss.

So, the man decided to tank Shang's attack and launch his own in return.

The man's Focus exploded with a terrifying amount of Gravity Mana.

Shang was immediately immobilized. Not even his powerful body could resist that attack!

And then, the man shoved his right hand forward.

WHOOOOM!

A terrifying wall of gravity shot at Shang.

CRACK!

The man smiled.

Shang's Mana Shield had just exploded, and Shang was shot into the distance!

It would be a miracle if Shang managed to survive.

After all, a Mage's body wasn't very powerful.

Shang was thrown into the distance, completely out of Mana.

The Gravity Wave seemed to have done quite a lot of damage as Shang spat blood. His body even withered in several places.

The man watched as Shang's body was thrown nearly a thousand kilometers into the distance, smashing through mountains and trees.

Eventually, Shang's body stopped inside a crater it made.

He was nearly dead.

His bones were broken in several places, and he looked like an old man.

His breathing was heavy and labored.

The man used a couple of Mana Steps to arrive above the dying Shang.

"You were really powerful," he slowly said. "You killed so many of our Mages."

"But all of this ends today."

Then, the Mage pointed at Shang and unleashed a powerful wave of gravity.

BOOOOOM!

The ground for several kilometers was pushed down, but the man only furrowed his brows.

200 kilometers away, Shang was spitting out blood.

"You're out of Mana," the man said. "Using Mana Step in such a situation will only delay the inevitable."

"Die with some honor."

The next second, fire and ice appeared around Shang as he shot into the distance.

The man only snorted.

This was a dying man's last gasp as he followed behind Shang.

Shang was pretty fast. In fact, he was even faster than the Mage.

But the Mage knew that Shang couldn't possibly keep moving so fast. 

Moving at such speeds had to cost a lot of Mana.

And the chase continued.Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

The Mage kept flying after Shang, even needing to use Mana Step from time to time. 

Luckily, the time between Mana Steps was long enough to regenerate all the used Mana.

For nearly a full minute, the man just kept chasing after Shang.

Eventually, the man's brows furrowed.

Shouldn't Shang be out of Mana by now?

Additionally, why did he still look so dead?

Every Mage would have shown some kind of recovery by now.

More and more questions appeared inside the man's mind.

And eventually, his eyes widened in realization.

The Concept of Purgatory!

Naturally, as a talented Mage of the Judgment Palace, he knew all about the Death Affinity. After all, this was the Judgment Palace's specialty.

As soon as he thought of the Concept of Purgatory, everything fell into place.

The man stopped chasing and cast a quick but complex Spell.

And his pupils shrank in horror.

Just now, he had used a Spell to make Death Mana visible to him, and he saw that his entire Mana Shield was covered in Death Mana that was using the Concept of Sickness!

This was literally a time bomb!

Naturally, Shang noticed that the man had seen through his plan.

In an instant, Shang's body healed to its peak condition.

Then, Shang snapped his fingers.

BOOOOOM!

The Death Mana covering the man's Mana Shield exploded, destroying nearly 80% of all of his Mana!

SHING! SHING! SHING!

Shang used three Mana Steps to get close. He had had enough time to recover the Mana in his mind since he wasn't using any to move.

CRACK!

Shang's Addum hit the Mana Shield with full force, destroying it.

The man immediately willed himself to explode since he knew that he was about to die.

Yet, Shang's Subsis moved too quickly.

The Subsis touched the man's head and infused it with Death Mana with the Concept of Purgatory.

Shang had recovered his storage of Death Mana in the last minute.

The next instant, Shang slapped the guy toward the ground.

And just like this, another birdwatcher was born.