Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

A couple of hours passed, and finally, the barrier became transparent again.

When the Mage King saw Shang, she gritted her teeth again.

At this moment, Shang's Mana Shield was showing signs of instability, and his body was slightly shaking, which was a sign of extreme anxiety.

However, he was still alive.

He had killed someone with a fourfold Spirit Sense!

That was literally worse than every death before this combined if one ignored the time Shang had actually won for the Lightning Manor.

"Go!" the Mage King shouted at the Metal Mage behind her.

The Metal Mage narrowed her eyes and charged into the barrier, which quickly became cloudy again.

Shang waited for his enemy.

Eventually, he saw her.

'Metal, huh?' he thought.

When the Metal Mage saw him, she narrowed her eyes and prepared her Spells.

Shang immediately shot at her.

Yet, surprisingly, she stopped relatively quickly.

Suddenly, she moved her hand from one side to the other in a rapid motion.

Shang felt his instincts screaming at him and jumped to the side.

SHING!

It was like a line had gone through space at the place where Shang had just been.

'That's troublesome,' Shang thought.

Mages could attack from far away, but it was very unusual for a Mage to attack from nearly 2,000 kilometers away.

Shang analyzed the cut that had gone through the space beside him.

'Not very fast and not a lot of power, but it would still injure me quite severely if it hit. It probably doesn't cost a lot of Mana.'

'But the attacking range is insane.'

When the Metal Mage saw that Shang managed to avoid her attack, her eyes narrowed further.

It wasn't easy to avoid this attack without using Mana Step.

The next moment, Shang shot at her while using Comet.

She readied another couple of Space Cuts and used them.

This time, she used three at once, but Shang managed to avoid those three as well.

This took the Metal Mage by quite a lot of surprise.

'How does he have so much control over his body's movement?' she thought. 'Did he spend years training his body just for that?'

As she saw Shang get closer and closer, she gritted her teeth and decided to change her approach.

These Spells had been extremely useful in the past, but this time, they were not as useful.

Instead, she readied several volleys of metal spears.

When Shang was only 200 kilometers away, she shot them directly at him.

DING! DING! DING!

Shang let go of his two swords and hid behind his Addum as he used several Blasts to stop himself from being pushed into the distance.

At the same time, Shang's hands moved at rapid speeds, catching several spears that were passing by him.

At that moment, the Metal Mage's eyes widened in shock.

What?!

How?!

As the volley passed, Shang came out from behind his Addum and threw one spear after the other at her.

Shang's body was in the Early Sixth Realm, which meant that he was essentially as fast and powerful as these Spells.

So, when Shang threw these spears, they weren't much slower or weaker than the ones the Metal Mage had thrown.

CRK! CRK! CRK!

The Metal Mage summoned a metallic grinder in front of her that destroyed the spears that were shot at her.

Even though she managed to react with impressive speed, she was still deeply shocked.

How could her opponent catch her spears like that?!

And then, Shang suddenly arrived in front of her.

She immediately used Mana Step to retreat.

But it failed!

WHOOOOM!

At that moment, an intensely burning Addum reached her Mana Shield.

Shang hadn't used up the stored Mana inside his Addum.

CRACK!

And the Mana Shield broke apart with one strike!

A moment later, another birdwatcher was born.

Shang refilled his Death Mana and retreated to his usual spot.

This fight had been much easier than the last one.

The reason why people with fourfold Spirit Senses were so powerful was that they knew so many Concepts that gave them extremely complex and varied attacks, added with a lot of creativity.

Their Mana storage or the power of their Spells weren't necessarily higher.

Shang couldn't use his body to really fight against a Domain made of gravity, but he could use his body to fight metal spears.

Instead of using complex attacks, Shang simply overpowered his opponent.

He just straight-up used muscles to overcome brains.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

While the Gravity Mage had been a counter to Shang, Shang had been a counter to the Metal Mage.

The Metal Mage's impressive Spells had been useless against someone with such a strong body and controlled movement.

Meanwhile, the Mage King of the Judgment Palace was waiting with narrowed eyes.

"Do we have another volunteer?" she asked.

The hearts of the people dropped.

Could their opponent actually win again?

They had already sent two of the three big categories, domain and physical attacks.

The only thing left was energy, which was elements like wind, fire, and lightning.

Even more, the opponent should have been exhausted by the last fight.

Could he actually still win?

The people were talking with each other, but the mood was very different from before.

In the beginning, they had taken the opponent lightly.

Then, they had looked at the opponent as an equal.

But now, they felt nervous and a bit scared.

How powerful was this guy?

"I'll do it," one guy with red hair said.

The others looked over and nodded.

If even he failed…

This specific person was one of the strongest Mages they had.

He had a Fire and Wind Dual Affinity, and he could even use Blaze with incredible mastery.

This guy was probably within the top 5% of every Mage with a fourfold Spirit Sense, and he was the strongest Early Ancestral Mage they had.

All the stronger Mages were at different levels.

He was truly the last straw.

If he failed, the Judgment Palace would have no one left.