Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 84 True Path


"Has Master told you what the Caterpillar Class represents?" Soran asked.

"No, but I can guess what it's for," Shang answered. "It's probably a class designed for warriors to reach the True Path Stage in the future, right?"

"Oh?" Soran uttered in surprise. "How did you find out?"

"The name and also the dean's advice," Shang said. "I presume the students of the Caterpillar class are weak in the beginning just so they can build upon their foundations until they explode forward in power. Just like a caterpillar becoming a butterfly. Additionally, the dean told me that I should hone my Battle-Strength as much as I can before reaching the General Stage."

"Correct," Soran said with a nod. "By the way, when is your procedure scheduled?"

"Not for another 18 months or so."

Soran lifted an eyebrow. "That's quite a long time. It seems like Master puts a lot of emphasis on your growth. In my eyes, your Battle-Strength is already enough for you to reach the General Stage."

Then, Soran shrugged. "However, that's why I'm a Commander Stage warrior and why Master is a True Path Stage Warrior. He knows better than me."

"Anyway," Soran said as he took out a book from his Space Ring. "This is a copy of the rules and your schedule."

Shang took the book into his hands.

SHING!

Soran summoned another book, this one far bigger than the other one. "And these are all the techniques you will learn."


Shang looked at the new book with furrowed brows. "All of them? Just like that? I thought I would need Contribution Points or something like that."

"Usually, you would need Contribution Points for the valuable techniques. However, as a student of the Caterpillar Class, you don't need your Contribution Points for those techniques."

"Because you are not allowed to learn them."

Shang frowned when he heard that. "Not allowed to learn them? Then why am I even here?" he asked.

Soran chuckled a bit. "It's for your future, trust me," Soran explained. "Have you thought about why the True Path Stage is called the True Path Stage?"

"I didn't even know of the True Path Stage until I came here, and I hadn't had the time to think about the name," Shang commented.

"The True Path Stage is called as such since reaching the True Path Stage requires you to create your own path. Ironically, the True Path doesn't refer to the one true path, but to the True Path in your eyes."

"Master uses a spear, and he fights in a very domineering manner. He has found his path. However, his path isn't your path. The reason why no one was able to reach the True Path Realm in the past was that everyone learned from the strongest warriors, which essentially was just copying their paths."

"Learning advanced techniques and abilities will influence you and make it harder for you to create your own path. You already have your own personalized way of fighting. Of course, as it is now, your fighting style still has a lot of weaknesses, but instead of switching to a different style, you have to further refine and evolve your style."

Shang wasn't certain what he should think of that. "Then what am I even learning here? This is an academy, is it not? Am I not supposed to learn things?"

"Not for students of your class," Soran said. "You are your own teachers. We actual teachers are only there to guide you in the right direction and provide different kinds of services. Our dynamic is more along the lines of experienced seniors and juniors."

"We are not going to show you what you should do. We are going to show you what your opponents will do. It is up to you to find a way to deal with said opponents."

Shang scratched his chin. 'So, this academy is more like a fitness gym than a fighting dojo. There are trainers walking around in the gym, but they only give advice when asked. They don't specifically hold lessons on how to craft the perfect body,' Shang thought.

'On earth, this wouldn't make much sense. After all, there is only so much a human body can do. But here? I can imagine this being more effective in the long run.'


pᴀɴdᴀ nᴏveʟ Shang took the book of techniques.

SHING!

Soran summoned a small emblem. On the Emblem was the picture of a muscular arm in black armor, ready to strike down with a spear.

"This is a Magic Emblem," Soran said. "It's your identification, key, and payment method for Contribution Points. You have an assigned room in this building near the front of the second floor. Just hold the Emblem to the door, and it will open. No one but the teachers and you can open your door."

"If you want to move to the Farm Line, you can do so, but go to your room first. Your uniforms are there, and you should get them first. If you decide to live in the Farm Line, tell us. There's no reason to keep a room reserved for someone that doesn't want to live there."

Shang took the Emblem and nodded. "Thanks," he said absentmindedly.

"You can find all the relevant information in the first book," Soran said, gesturing to the first book. "If you have any additional questions, simply ask a teacher. I'm sorry, but I've already spent a big part of my day dealing with your impromptu exam, and I actually need to get started on my day-to-day duties. Just look around and get familiar with the academy first."

"Sorry for keeping you," Shang said absentmindedly. 

"It's fine. Come, you can't be on this floor without a teacher beside you," Soran said as he gestured to the end of the hallway.

Shang took the hint and walked towards the stairs, Soran following. When Shang reached the fourth floor, Soran quickly said his goodbyes and went back to the fifth floor.

Now, Shang was alone for the first time in what felt like a very long time.

Shang looked out of one of the windows and saw that it was noon.

'This day feels like it has gone on forever, but it's just noon.'

Then, Shang looked down at his Emblem. 'Anyway, I am now part of the Warrior's Academy, and that's why I'm here.'

'In just one morning, I joined the academy and learned so much about the world, myself, and my future.'

'I should go to my room and read through that book of rules and my schedule.'

