Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Outside of Shang's territory, several Mage Kings from the enemy Empires were watching him.

Sadly, there was a huge Magic Circle that stopped everyone from the Lightning Manor from looking over, which meant that Shang's current state was completely unknown to them.

The Mage Kings saw that Shang would only be able to survive for a couple more days, at most.

It was already extremely surprising that he managed to survive until now, but it wasn't impossible.

The Mage Kings from the Judgment Palace were especially interested in Shang.

They had sacrificed over 30 million Archmages.

That was about a quarter of all Archmages living inside the Judgment Palace Empire.

It was a mass genocide that hadn't been seen in a long time.

Naturally, not everyone was happy with the plan.

The other Empires complained and said that creating Pits of Death was against the law.

The Mage Kings of the Judgment Palace admitted and said that the other Empires were right.

In the future, they would pay whatever the other Empires deemed to be a fitting price.

But for now, they would continue to create this Pit of Death.

Since this was an action sanctioned by an entire Empire, the fines coming toward them in the future were more than brutal.

The fines would probably be in the hundreds of Grade Eight Mana Crystals.

But all of this would be worth it as long as Shang died.

Killing Shang represented killing a future Mage King.

The Mage Kings were watching Shang the entire time, just waiting for him to die.

Soon.

Soon, he would be dead.

SHING!

And then, time seemed to stop as something happened.

The eyes of the Mage Kings widened in shock.

What?!

Are you serious?!

Now?!

Inside the barrier, something appeared.

It was a humongous being made of black scales, muscles, and tentacles.

It was an Ancestral Abomination!

As soon as it appeared, all the Death Mana immediately rushed toward it.

Usually, Death Mana didn't move for anything, but as soon as an Abomination was present, the Death Mana was attracted to the Abomination like any other kind of Mana.

The emotions of the watching Mage Kings went crazy.

Would the Abomination kill Shang?

A huge amount of blood and Death Mana was absorbed by the Abomination.

And then…

It walked towards the south.

Abominations didn't immediately explode when they appeared.UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

The normal way Abominations operated was to absorb a lot of Mana first to prepare for their eventual explosion.

This was the most crucial moment.

It was necessary to kill the Abomination before it could absorb a lot of Mana.

Otherwise, it would explode, even if someone managed to kill it.

After absorbing enough Mana, the Abominations usually walked in one direction, using their Domain to destroy all the Mana around them.

They would only explode when threatened.

Naturally, the Abomination had absorbed around 50% of all the Death Mana inside the barrier before walking toward the south.

When the Mage Kings saw that, they gritted their teeth.

This lucky bastard!

It wasn't unusual for Abominations to appear inside these barriers. These barriers appeared randomly and quite frequently.

Additionally, due to the chaotic forces operating on the frontlines, predicting the appearance of an Abomination was extremely difficult.

This wasn't even the first Abomination that had appeared in one of the Zones.

There had been hundreds in the last year.

But there had only been about five Ancestral Abominations. The others had been Arch Abominations or High Abominations.

The Mage King responsible for the assault from the Judgment Palace nearly exploded in frustration and anger.

Really?!

Now?!

Here?!

Why?!

As the Abomination walked towards the south, it eventually encountered the barrier.

It extended one of its claws and touched it.

The barrier shook under the stress and eventually broke apart.

Shang's flag blew into pieces, and the barrier was completely destroyed.

As soon as the barrier vanished, a humongous storm of fire devoured the Abomination.

WHOOOOM!

The storm of fire suddenly expanded to a size of nearly 500 kilometers wide, but it quickly pressed together again.

One of the Mage Kings had killed the Abomination and used his Fire Mana to contain the explosion of the Abomination.

Ancestral Abominations were powerful, but a Mage King was incomparably more powerful.

The Mage Kings looked on as nearly 80% of the Death Mana had been pushed out of Shang's territory after the barrier's destruction and the explosion.

30 million Archmages…

Sacrificed for nothing.

"I refuse to believe this was a coincidence!" the Mage King from the Judgment Palace shouted. 

The other Mage Kings looked at her.

"The timing was too perfect!" the Mage King shouted again. 

Then, she pointed at the distant Shang.

"He's the Child of Calamity!"

"I want him tested!"

The other Mage Kings furrowed their brows.

The Child of Calamity.

They had almost forgotten that the Child of Calamity was the very reason for all these Abominations.

The Mage Kings looked at each other and nodded one by one.

One of the Mage Kings took out a Communication Crystal and contacted his Emperor.

Brutus Cesar furrowed his brows when he heard about what had happened.

The Child of Calamity?

Finding and eliminating the Child of Calamity was the highest priority.

It was even more important than winning the war.

Naturally, Brutus Cesar wanted to do nothing but get rid of Shang, but he had to be honest.

So, he contacted Kali, Amon, and Gregorio.

The Spirit Senses of all four of them reached the place where Shang was currently.

In order to make it fair, all four of them would investigate Shang.

All four of them looked at Shang.

At this moment, the feeling of being watched reached new heights of intensity.

Shang felt like he was inside a dimension filled with nothing but humongous eyes that were looking at him.

A couple of seconds later, the Mage Emperors were done with their investigations.

There was nothing unusual about Shang's Affinity.

They concluded that he had a Dual Affinity of Light and Darkness with quite a lot of talent in the Fire and Ice Affinities as well, but that was it.

He had certainly won the lottery in terms of Affinities, but he wasn't the Child of Calamity.