Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

﻿

A moment later, the Emperors also agreed to have the destroyed flag replaced.

Abominations didn't belong to the war, and their involvement should not be a factor in the outcome of the war.

After that, the Emperors returned to dealing with the contracts in their minds.

A couple seconds later, the flag in Shang's territory vanished, and a new one appeared out of thin air.

The flag was stabbed into the ground by the mind of a Mage King, and the flag activated again.

The barrier reappeared.

At this moment, Shang was still lying on the ground, nearly dead.

He wasn't faking his current state.

The Death Mana had permeated his body and mind, and it was very difficult to get rid of it without unveiling his knowledge of the Concepts of Death.

Nearly all the blood filling Shang's territory had vanished, but the world was still colored red and black.

There was still no other life besides Shang in this barrier.

Shang would need a while to recover.

The Mage Kings looked at each other.

"We might have a chance now," the Mage King from the Judgment Palace said. "The density of the Death Mana has drastically reduced, which means we can send someone with a fourfold Spirit Sense in. He can't possibly win in such a condition."

The Mage King from the Land and Sky Empire furrowed his brows. "Didn't you hear what the Emperors said?"

"So?" the Mage King from the Judgment Palace asked.

"He has a Light and Darkness Dual Affinity," the Mage King from the Land and Sky Empire said. "You should've fought your fair share of Darkness Mages. You know exactly how fast they can regenerate from their injuries just by absorbing the Mana from other Mages."

"He only needs to unleash a quick Spell that drains a bit of Mana from another Mage and transform it into life energy. After that, he only needs to win with a Mana deficit."

The Mage King from the Judgment Palace gritted her teeth. "It's still worth a shot!"

"Shut up!" 

The Mage King's head shot back in shock.

She hadn't expected such a direct rebuke.

"Are you that stupid?!" the other Mage King shouted with a strict and furious tone. "I've kept myself in check all this time as respect for the Judgment Palace, but even I have a limit!"

"In the last year, we lost over 25 people with a fourfold Spirit Sense! 25!" the Mage King shouted. "On top of that, we lost over 3,000 people with a threefold Spirit Sense!"

Then, he pointed at the Mage King from the Twilight Dusk Family. "They lost just as much as us!"

"And you know what? Over 70% of these losses are from the two first weeks of the war!"

"Why did we lose so many? Because we were fucking waiting for the Judgment Palace!"

"We were waiting for you!"

"You guys had a single fucking job!"

"Join the war!"

"That was it!"

"Yet, not only didn't you manage to accomplish that in a full year, but you even needed nearly two weeks to tell us that it wouldn't work!"

"Your ridiculous pride and arrogance of not admitting when you are beaten have cost all of us invaluable people and resources!"

"I've had it up to here with your idiotic decisions!"

The Mage King of the Judgment Palace only looked at the other Mage King with shock and embarrassment.

How long had it been that anyone had ever dared to talk to her like that?

She wanted to kill that Mage King so badly.

And yet, she knew that he was right.

She had messed up.

The rage towards herself and the people around her reached new heights.

She gnashed her teeth and narrowed her eyes.

"You say I have one job?!" she shouted.

"Fine!"

"I will accomplish that job!"

"I hope you don't regret it."

"If the Judgment Palace doesn't join the war by tomorrow, I swear that I will commit suicide!" she shouted.

The other two Mage Kings were taken aback.

"Now get the hell out of here before I do something I will regret!" she said with the most venomous tone imaginable.

Then, she cut the connection of her Communication Crystal and looked away from the distant Mage Kings.

The other Mage Kings looked at each other for a second and decided to retreat outside her Spirit Sense.

She would commit suicide if the Judgment Palace didn't join the war by tomorrow?

That certainly could be considered quite a promise.

Two hours of silence passed.

The other two Mage Kings were not certain what she was planning.

BANG!

And then, one of the Mage Kings of the Twilight Dusk Family looked to the south in shock.

One of his Defender Flags had been destroyed!

Someone with a fourfold Spirit Sense had defended that Defender Flag!

DING!

A moment later, an Attack Flag was planted in that territory.

When the Mage King saw the color of that Attack Flag, fear and anger entered his heart.

The Judgment Palace!

The Judgment Palace had killed one of their strongest Mages and was attacking one of the most important territories!

This was one of the territories bordering Shang!

The Mage King quickly contacted the one from the Land and Sky Empire, who then looked at his territory bordering Shang.

It was cloudy.

Someone was currently fighting one of his most powerful Mages!

He could already tell who it was.

The Mage King looked at the territory with narrowed eyes.

"Try your best to get it back in case it's lost," he ordered one of his Peak Mage Lords.

"Yes, sir!" the Mage Lord shouted before he went off to arrange everything.

They wouldn't give up these territories without a fight!

Yet, deep inside, the Mage King let out a sigh of relief.

'At least you did that right, stupid bitch,' he thought. 'I should never have trusted you to handle things on your own. I should have done that from the very beginning.'

Naturally, since no one was allowed to voluntarily hand territories over, the battles had to be genuine and do their very best to retain them.

So, instead of coming to an agreement regarding the territories, the Mage King angered the other Mage King until she attacked out of pure anger and humiliation.

On top of that, the other two Empires lost Mages with fourfold Spirit Senses and even Defender Flags, which were extremely rare anyway.

Lastly, they would even try their best to stop the Judgment Palace from actually claiming the territories, which would probably mean sending another Mage with a fourfold Spirit Sense in to die to the Judgment Palace.

They would have genuinely tried their very best to defend from the Judgment Palace.

And they would most likely fail.

After all, the Judgment Palace was the Judgment Palace, and they had a lot of extremely powerful people.

'Finally, the Judgment Palace will join the war,' the Mage King thought.

'Took long enough.'