Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

More years passed, and Shang continued battling with the beasts inside his inner world.

During the battles, he comprehended a couple more Concepts.

For example, he comprehended the level one Concept of Fire, Kindling, which made his fire a little more efficient.

Sadly, just like with the other Concepts he had comprehended in this little world, it wasn't that useful.

Then, he comprehended the level two Concept of Ice, Freeze, which made it easier to lower the temperatures.

Surprisingly, this wasn't useful at all for now, but it would prove quite useful soon.

After Shang had comprehended that Concept, he actually actively sought out the level two Concept of Fire, which quickly came to him.

Just a couple of years later, Shang comprehended the level two Concept of Fire, Heat, which made it easier to heighten the temperatures.

As soon as Shang had comprehended it, he realized that the two level two Concepts of Ice and Fire were not useless at all.

By increasing the intensity of cold and heat, Shang's Comet became even more powerful, increasing Shang's speed by about 20%.

Some of his attacks had also grown more powerful, but that wasn't worth mentioning. At most, they increased in power by 5% or so.

After seeing these results, Shang reevaluated his mindset.

'There might be something to this,' Shang thought as he inspected his new abilities.

'I didn't expect that comprehending two irrelevant and weak level two Concepts could have such an effect on my power.'

'Usually, I focus on comprehending something specific, which I know will increase my power drastically. That's how I managed to gain a sixfold Spirit Sense.'

'Yet, my focused efforts may have made me miss out on a couple of small powers.'

Shang clenched his right hand as he held it in front of him.

'In the past, I was always under immense time pressure due to my limited longevity.'

'But now, I have so much time.'

'Maybe, instead of trying to reach the Peak Void Break Realm to search for a way to reach the next Realm, I should just train without focusing on anything at all.'

'I didn't understand a lot in the last years, but for some reason, winning against the beasts became easier.'

'This means that something else is happening.'

'Somehow, my power is increasing in a way I can't quite quantify.'

'Maybe, there's something else that I am making progress on.'

'Since I have no idea about the old Paths and what kind of Paths I can choose, I might be comprehending something that I don't know exists.'

After thinking for a while, Shang eventually made his decision.

'I'll wait for 600 years in total. Originally, I wanted to reach the Mid Void Break Realm when I became 1,400 years old, but I think I will continue training like this until I'm 1,800 years old.'

'I'm not taking advantage of the power of my mind, but I think it's worth it.'

'Especially since I won't be able to properly train anymore after I reach the Mid Void Break Realm.'

'The Affinity Wheel can only summon beasts up to the Mid Beast Lord Realm, and if my power continues to increase like this, the majority of those won't be a true danger anymore after I reach the Mid Void Break Realm.'

'After this level, the Affinity Wheel will become mostly useless.'

'I should make the best use of it.'

Shang nodded.

After that, he returned to his inner world to train.

Shang decided to continue training without focusing on anything.

He knew that he most likely wouldn't find a true path forward, but his foundation would become wider, and his powers might evolve in ways he hadn't thought of.

So, Shang just kept on fighting the beasts.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Eventually, the second century was up, and Shang had reached the age of 1,400 years old.

Shang felt that he no longer needed to absorb any more Abominations.

If he wanted to, he could reach the Mid Void Break Realm.

But he didn't break through.

He decided to fight for 400 more years in his inner world.

In the last couple of years, the feeling that he was comprehending something had increased by quite a bit.

It was like there was something close.

Something he was about to finally understand.

The Empires reshuffled their Zones again, and once more, the Lightning Manor didn't change Shang's Zone.

Shang inspected the three barriers surrounding his territory once more.

Nothing had changed.

So, he continued training in his inner world.

By now, the Mage Kings had lost nearly all interest in him.

Every couple of days, one of them remembered that Shang existed and threw a curious glance, but then, they would look away again.

They had grown used to seeing Shang there.

He was an unsolvable problem, and his presence was annoying.

This was the most annoying and problematic Early Ancestral Mage they had ever seen.

But there was nothing they could do.

Shang just continued to train.

In the next century, Shang comprehended only one Concept, but it was a good one.

The level three Concept of Light, Beam!

This Concept increased the speed of Shang's light-based attacks, giving him a tiny bit of the speed of light.

Naturally, Shang's attacks didn't reach the speed of light yet. In fact, they weren't even close.

However, the little bit he had received from his Concept was already quite a lot for him.

The speed of Missile and Radiation increased by a lot!

But that was all he had comprehended in this century.

Now, Shang was 1,500 years old.

The war started 300 years ago.

The Lightning Manor still hadn't changed the Zone.

So, Shang just continued training.

SHING!

One day, something suddenly happened.

It was just like any other day inside Shang's inner world, and Shang hadn't expected anything to happen.

But then, something appeared inside his world, just 2,000 kilometers away from him.

Shang quickly noticed that something had changed, and his Spirit Sense looked at the source.

Shang was a bit surprised at what he saw.

It was an Arch Abomination.

It had… just appeared.

Randomly.

Without Shang's order.

Shang saw the Mana in the surroundings flow towards it and frowned.

SHING!

Shang swung his Subsis a tiny bit, and the Abomination turned into tiny cubes of meat, which were then eaten by the surrounding Mana.

There was no use in keeping that thing alive.

To Shang, this was an inconsequential event.

Something that didn't change anything and something he didn't care about.

Yet, moments later, he felt the feeling of being watched reach high levels of intensity.

It was like the Mage Kings were looking with shock at him.

Which they were actually doing.