Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Inside his inner world, Shang had just unleashed an attack that had killed a humongous beast, cutting it into two pieces.

For a time, Shang only looked at his Addum.

What had this attack just been?

Shang ignored the Affinity Wheel for now and thought about his sword.

He noticed that many more things made sense now.

Somehow, his understanding of his weapon had reached a certain level.

Shang slowly moved his Addum through the air, and he felt like he could reach any place he wished with his Addum.

It was strange.

It was almost like his sword was several kilometers long.

After a couple of minutes, Shang used the Affinity Wheel to summon an Initial Beast Lord.

The Initial Beast Lord was a metallic tiger that appeared over 500 kilometers away.

Yet, Shang almost paid no attention to the Beast Lord.

Instead, he focused on his Addum.

Shang lifted his Addum to the side and tightened his grip.

Then, he focused.

As soon as Shang started to focus, he felt like he could see some kind of circle.

The circle had a radius of 25 kilometers, and Shang felt like everything inside this circle was reachable.

Shang could feel his mind and willpower concentrate more on the Addum.

It was like all his being was flowing into his Addum.

As time passed, Shang could feel everything inside the circle start to shake under his willpower and focus.

The next moment, Shang willed the circle to grow bigger.

The intensity of the circle lessened, but the size of the circle increased.

The more Shang focused on his weapon, the more he felt his mind burn.

It was like he was overdrawing his concentration or something like that.

The focus required became more and more intense.

Yet, Shang's appearance didn't change.

He just continued to focus.

If there was one thing Shang had, it was willpower.

The circle became bigger and bigger.

Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Eventually, when it reached a radius of nearly 200 kilometers, Shang could feel the metallic tiger enter the circle.

As soon as the metallic tiger entered the circle, it suddenly felt an immense feeling of danger.

It felt like it was walking through the territory of an aggressive Beast King!

In the distance, the metallic tiger could see that the earth around the human was starting to crumble and levitate. On top of that, the space around Shang seemed to vibrate with intensity and pressure.

It was almost like there was a deep rumbling going through the space.

Nevertheless, the tiger continued running forward.

Inside Shang's mind, he looked at the tiger.

Then, he compressed the circle again, but he always kept the tiger inside the circle.

The closer the tiger got to Shang, the more intense the surroundings became.

Eventually, when there were only 50 kilometers between them, something happened.

WHOOOM!

All the Mana in the surroundings vanished as Shang used Void Break.

Shang's Addum had already been loaded with a full Void Break, and he was using this new Void Break to increase the power of his body.

The circle in Shang's mind was shaking violently.

It was almost like it was about to break apart.

Shang's Addum began to burn with invisible flames.

And then, he slashed.

WHOOOOOM!

50 kilometers away, the tiger's body fell into two pieces.

All the intensely burning Fire Mana on Shang's Addum had vanished, and the surroundings had also completely calmed down.

The concentrated and unstable power had been unloaded by Shang's attack.

Shang took a deep breath and swung his Addum around a bit.

Shang didn't feel very different from normal.

The only difference was that he felt like his control over the world around him had strengthened.

SHING!

Shang released a slash, and a huge crevice appeared in the ground nearly 3,000 kilometers away from him.

'My normal attacks have also increased by quite a bit,' Shang thought. 'I guess I could kill a Mid Ancestral Beast with that, and if I use Void Break, I can most likely kill a Late Ancestral Beast.'

The next moment, Shang summoned a Late Ancestral Beast around 2,800 kilometers away.

Shang used Void Break and slashed to the side.

BANG!

The Late Ancestral Beast exploded into pieces.

Shang frowned and looked at his sword.

'I see,' he thought as he noticed the intense Fire Mana on his Addum.

'I still can't instantly transport the Mana from my weapon, which was why this kill wasn't as smooth.'

'However, if I use that circle…'

Shang lifted his Addum again and poured his focus into it.

The world around him rumbled again, and Shang felt his mind burn once more.

SHING!

Shang swung his Addum, and 100 kilometers away from him, an extremely deep and smooth crevice appeared.

The Fire Mana on Shang's Addum had disappeared.

'So, that's the difference,' Shang thought.

This new thing that Shang had comprehended had two effects.

First, it increased the power of his World Connection.

Second, it gave Shang the ability to channel his focus and willpower into his weapon, which allowed him to create an extremely powerful attack.

The longer he channeled, the more focus he could use to either increase the range or the power of the attack.

Even more, this attack worked just as if Shang were directly in melee range.

In fact, the attack could actually reach the same level of power as an actual physical attack from Shang.

But from several kilometers away.

One had to remember that a physical slash from Shang's Addum with fully loaded Mana was just as powerful as Meteor.

This meant that this attack could unleash the power of Meteor!

Yet, just like with everything else, there were drawbacks.

The reach of this circle wasn't nearly as great as the reach of Meteor.

Shang could use Meteor from thousands of kilometers away.

On top of that, to reach the power of Meteor, Shang needed to channel his focus for quite a long while.

Lastly, the more focus Shang used, the more difficult it was to concentrate.

Focus was a limited resource.

So, if an opponent saw Shang load up this attack, the best way was to just walk out of range.

If Shang continued to channel, he would waste all his focus, and if he stopped channeling, all the focus would go to waste.

Still, this attack essentially increased Shang's physical range to a size of 25 kilometers.

This meant that Shang no longer needed to bridge these last 25 kilometers.

'I guess this is the purest Path for warriors,' Shang thought as he looked at his Addum.

'First, they establish a Path. Second, they step along the Path and create their Impose. Third, they build upon their Impose and gain this ability.'

'This is a Path for someone that only uses a single weapon.'

'One weapon to destroy everything.'

Shang looked away from his Addum and looked at the distant crevices.

'I want something to happen, and it happens inside of my Spirit Sense. The power in the distance might not have reached insane levels, but it has increased.'

'However, my physical body can essentially reach every spot within 25 kilometers of me.'

'I intend to swing my arm, and the world follows.'

'I would want to call this Intent, but I remember that the Custodian once said that the warriors of old called Impose as Weapon Intent. Since this is the advanced form of that, I think I should just call it Weapon Heart, and since I focus on swords, this should be Sword Heart.'