Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

For the last couple of years, Shang just focused on turning his Concepts into actual techniques.

And then, it was finally time.

Shang turned 1,800, and he waited for the redistribution of the Zones.

Once more, the Lightning Manor didn't reassign Shang's Zone.

Shang waited a couple of days to make sure that the war had resumed.

'It's time to leave,' he thought as he left the spot he had been sitting on for a long time.

The entire territory had recovered. One wouldn't be able to guess that just a couple of centuries ago, everything had been submerged by a sea of blood and Death Mana.

Shang flew to a distance of about 2,500 kilometers from the Defender Flag and stopped.

Then, he focused on his body and willed it to break through.

WHOOOOM!

In an instant, all the Mana in the surroundings was pulled towards him.

A couple of Mage Kings immediately took notice and narrowed their eyes.

The warrior was making his move!

Shang very quickly reached the Mid Void Break Realm, and he felt the Defender Flag starting to reject him.

Shang had become stronger than the Defender Flag, and it was warning him.

SHING!

A moment later, Shang pulled the Defender Flag out of the ground with his mind and put it into his inner world.

For the first time in a long while, the humongous barrier around Shang's territory vanished.

The Mage Kings immediately issued orders to their soldiers.

However, before any of their soldiers could react, Shang had already used several Mana Steps to leave his territory.

In less than a second, Shang had already entered the territory to his northeast, the four-star Defender Flag of the Judgment Palace.

The barrier quickly turned cloudy again, and the Mage Kings lost sight of Shang.

However, they also grew excited.

He had fallen for it!

He had fallen into their trap!

They knew that Shang would immediately charge into the weakest flag, which was the four-star flag.

So, they had put a very powerful Late Ancestral Mage with a fourfold Spirit Sense in there.

Shang would need to fight a level above himself!

And even if he survived by some miracle, he would only have two more hours to live.

After entering the new territory, Shang took a moment to recover his Mana and focus.

His opponent was probably in the middle of the territory, which meant that they were about 5,000 kilometers away from him.

He had some time to recover.

After a couple of seconds, Shang readied his two swords and flew toward the center of the territory.

Surprisingly, Shang didn't see anyone.

Was his opponent somewhere else?

But when he reached a distance of about 2,000 kilometers, he felt his bandages react.

His opponent was there, but he couldn't see them.

'They're using a barrier or Spell to hide,' Shang thought.

Just a moment later, Shang charged backward.

The feeling of being watched vanished, and it didn't return, even after Shang waited for a couple of seconds.

'Are they unable to move?' Shang thought.

Shang decided to move around a bit and enter his opponent's Spirit Sense again from a different angle.

Shang felt the feeling of being watched again and retreated.

After that, he returned to his original location and moved into the opponent's range again.

'They haven't moved,' Shang thought.

A moment later, Shang shot a couple of kilometers upwards and moved into the opponent's range again.

Shang remembered all three spots he had entered from. He knew exactly where the feeling had started.

And then, Shang used something terrifying.

Mathematics!

Trigonometry!

Shang was thousands of years old, and his mind was incredibly powerful.

These calculations barely took an instant.

Shang lifted his Addum.

And then, he swung down.

WHOOOOM!

The image of the Addum appeared on a spot about 2,000 kilometers away from Shang and slashed downward.

Meteor!

BOOOOOOOOOOM!

The surrounding 20 kilometers were turned into a burned crater!Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

SHING!

An instant later, a grey-haired woman appeared just 300 kilometers away from the crater.

Her face had turned white, and her eyes were widened with terror and shock.

If she hadn't used Mana Step just now, she would have died!

How did he find her?!

Her camouflage had been perfect!

Suddenly, she felt something terrifying approaching.

In the distance, she could see Shang swinging his Subsis.

SHING!

Out of instinct, the Mage used Mana Step again.

A moment later, the space where she had just been had warped drastically.

It was like an invisible spear had shot through that spot!

WHOOOM!

In the distance, all the Mana around Shang vanished, and he slashed with his Subsis again.

BANG!

The Mage felt something heavy and powerful hit her Mage Shield, and over 10% of her Mana vanished!

What?!

How?!

He was a warrior, right?!

So, how could he attack her from 2,000 kilometers away?!

This range was even crazier than the range of Mages!

The Mage noticed that she had already wasted quite a bit of Mana, and she decided to reset the battle.

She used three Mana Steps to move away and set up another barrier that would hide her in an instant.

She needed to recover some Mana.

Yet, just when she had set up the barrier…

BANG!

The same attack hit her again, and she lost even more of her Mana.

Around 2,800 kilometers away, Shang readied his Subsis once again.

600 years ago, his attacks hadn't been powerful enough to threaten Mages from such a distance unless he used a slow attack like Meteor.

But now, with the addition of his two Sword Hearts, his ranged attacks had become quite a bit more powerful.

This also gave Shang the ability to make use of his huge Spirit Sense.

At this moment, Shang could launch attacks at his opponent, who couldn't even see him.

From now on, the Mages would need to get close to him, not the other way around.

Shang's opponent panicked as she tried her best to find a way to hide from Shang.

BANG! BANG!

Yet, another two attacks hit her, and she realized with horror that she was out of Mana.

SHING! SHING!

The next moment, she saw Shang rapidly approach.

CRACK!

Her Mana Shield broke.

Shang rapidly used several Mana Steps to get close to her.

And then, he infused her mind with the Concept of Purgatory.

She had become a birdwatcher.

Shang had just used up all of his Mana to pull that off, but it was important.

If the fight ended right now, the Judgment Palace might suspect that Shang was even more powerful.

So, he had to save a bit of time.

But not that much.

Just one minute later, he killed her.

The enemy now knew that he was a warrior, and they knew that the fights wouldn't take that long.

One minute was already quite a long time for a battle.