

The cloudy barrier vanished.

Yes, it didn't turn transparent.

Since the defender had lost, the Defender Flag had destroyed itself, which included the barrier.

WHOOOM!

The next moment, a new barrier appeared, but this time, it was not one of a Defender Flag.

This was an Attack Barrier.

Shang had just put down an Attack Flag.

At the same time, a second Attack Flag appeared on the territory Shang had just left behind, his old territory.

An Initial Ancestral Mage was attacking Shang's old territory.

Naturally, there was nothing Shang could do about it.

At this moment, several Mage Kings were paying attention to Shang.

Shang had destroyed another highly talented Mage, and he had even destroyed a Defender Flag.

However, he was stuck now!

After some minutes, no one had entered Shang's territory, and he knew that the Judgment Palace would let the countdown run out.

And then, they would simply send in another Initial Ancestral Mage to eat up that territory from under Shang.

After all, he couldn't use his Defender Flag anymore!

While the countdown was still going on, Shang looked at the borders of his new territory.

The south and southeast of his territory were still unassailable. That territory was the original territory of the Judgment Palace, and they had probably assigned High Mages or Archmages to it.

To his southwest and west was his old territory, which would soon be conquered by the enemy.

Shang noticed that the one-star barrier, which should now be at his northwest, had vanished.

Shang had a good guess as to where that flag was now.

That flag was probably with the Initial Ancestral Mage assaulting his old territory.

As soon as that territory got conquered, the Initial Ancestral Mage would put the flag down.

This would block off the west and southwest.

The next moment, Shang inspected his east.

There was a black-and-white barrier with one star.

This was no longer the territory of the Judgment Palace but the territory of the Twilight Dusk Family, and they had their own Defender Flags.

This only left the north.

And there was a two-star flag from the Judgment Palace.

Literally every single direction was blocked off.

Everything surrounding Shang's new territory was so weak that he wasn't allowed to attack.

He was truly stuck.

Shang didn't show any reaction on the outside and returned to the center of his new territory.

There were still around 55 minutes left on the countdown.

After some minutes, Shang summoned his humongous Isolation Chamber again.

He entered and closed the entrance.

The Mage Kings were curious about what Shang was trying to do, but they knew that there wasn't anything he could do.

Over 50 minutes passed.

Only two minutes were left.

The entrance to the Isolation Chamber opened, and Shang walked out.

A moment later, he put the Isolation Chamber away again and waited in the middle of his new territory.

Shang seemed the same as before.

Time passed.

One minute remained.

30 seconds remained.

At that moment, Shang's jaw moved just the slightest bit.Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

It didn't seem unusual.

20 seconds remained.

At that point, sweat started to pour out of Shang's entire body.

The Mage Kings looked at Shang with furrowed brows.

Something was going on.

15 seconds remained.

Shang's being seemed to burn and become unstable.

The Mage Kings were still uncertain about what was going on.

10 seconds remained.

BANG!

Shang shot towards the north as an insane amount of Mana gathered around him.

5 seconds remained.

At that moment, one of the Mage Kings realized what was going on.

"Immediately switch the Defender Flag to his north!" he shouted at the Mage King of the Judgment Palace.

The Mage King looked at the other one with shock.

What?

"He swallowed a Rebirth Pill!" the other Mage King shouted.

The eyes of the Mage King from the Judgment Palace opened wide in realization.

She immediately contacted the person to the north of Shang.

"Pull the Defender Flag out of the ground!" she ordered.

The Ancestral Mage grew shocked and confused.

What was going on?!

0 seconds!

WHOOOOM!

The attack flag Shang had planted vanished and converted the land below Shang to a territory from the Lightning Manor.

At the same time, Shang reached the northern edge of his territory.

The Mage in the northern territory stretched his mind towards the Defender Flag and pulled.

DING!

But he couldn't move it!

For some reason, he couldn't move or deactivate his Defender Flag!

And that was when the barrier turned cloudy.

The Mage Kings gritted their teeth.

They had been too slow!

However, who would have thought that Shang actually carried a Rebirth Pill with him?!

A Rebirth Pill was something quite expensive that was used to reduce someone's Realm, giving them a new shot at breaking through.

Rebirth Pills were very rare for one specific reason.

It required the corpses of Abominations to be created.

Reducing someone's level without breaking their Realm was not easy at all.

Getting someone from a Peak Ancestral Mage to a Peak Archmage was very easy. They simply had to destroy the Concept that held everything together.

However, things were not as easy when one just wanted to fall a level without falling a Realm.

Something like going from Mid Ancestral Mage to Early Ancestral Mage.

There was nothing specific one could destroy to make everything crumble.

One needed to wholistically reduce the density of Mana in one's entire body.

And that wasn't easy.

Yet, by using a couple of natural treasures together with Abominations, one could create a slower and more controlled explosion of an Abomination.

When Shang had swallowed the pill, a big part of his Mana was being used as fuel to create a field of destruction around him.

The Mana Shang had absorbed to reach the Mid Void Break Realm had vanished from the world.

And he had returned to the Early Void Break Realm.

This meant that he could attack the Defender Flag to the north now, which was exactly what he was doing.

Today, Shang would get rid of two of the five Defender Flags that the Judgment Palace had access to!

When the Mage saw his barrier turn cloudy, his mind stopped.

Did that monster to the south enter his barrier?

But he was only someone with a threefold Spirit Sense!