Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Shang waited in the middle of his new territory.

The person that had defended this territory just now was busy watching birds.

Shang had very quickly realized that the person defending this territory wasn't very powerful, which was why he took advantage of that fact to waste some more time.

The longer he was here, the more resources the enemy needed to waste.

With this Defender Flag also destroyed, the Judgment Palace had lost two Defender Flags for their Ancestral Mages.

This was very problematic for them.

The fewer Defender Flags the Judgment Palace had, the harder it was to keep Shang contained.

A week later, Shang killed the person occupying this place and put his Attack Flag down.

Several Mage Kings immediately looked at him, but Shang didn't show any reactions.

This fucking warrior had made trouble for them for 600 years by now!

They were fighting a war with the Lightning Manor, but it felt like they were actually fighting two wars.

One against the Lightning Manor and one against this warrior.

Since Shang had destroyed another Defender Flag, the Judgment Palace now had even more problems in this territory.

The entire Judgment Palace only had this little Zone to wage their war, while the other two Empires had millions of kilometers of borders with the Lightning Manor.Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

This was also one of the biggest reasons why the Lightning Manor was still able to put up a fight.

The Judgment Palace could only attack with their Ancestral Mages since they could only fight in one Zone for now.

This made their High Mages, Archmages, and Mage Lords useless.

And this warrior was keeping a big part of their forces occupied!

While Shang was waiting for the countdown to end, he looked at his new borders.

To his south, where his old territory had been, was now a barrier with one star.

To his east was the territory of the Twilight Dusk Family with a barrier with 1 star.

To his west was the Judgment Palace's five-star flag.

And to his north?

The Twilight Dusk Family's five-star flag.

Shang had been pretty sure that the Judgment Palace would own the majority of the territory here since this was their only point of attack.

The Twilight Dusk Family had to distribute their forces over millions of kilometers. They didn't have the luxury to focus this much on this Zone.

Yet, here it was, the Twilight Dusk Family's Defender Flag.

'They probably attacked the Judgment Palace's territory to the north. They probably didn't collude, but the Judgment Palace probably won't strike back since this is a good thing for them.'

'One star and five stars, huh?' Shang thought. 'I am currently at the Early Ancestral Mage Realm again, and by putting this one-star flag south to me, they're probably hoping that I will reduce my Realm further."

'Every decrease of my Realm costs me 200 years of absorbing Abominations. Additionally, they now know that I have Rebirth Pills.'

'As soon as I reduce my Realm to the Initial Void Break Realm, they will probably immediately pull the Defender Flag back and replace it with the three-star flag. At that point, they wouldn't need to pay attention to me for 400 more years."

'Reducing my Realm would be a bad idea. That trick worked once, but it won't work again.'

'I think, this time, I am truly stuck. There are no more tricks I can pull.'

Shang slowly flew towards the southwest.

About 2,500 kilometers away from the flag, Shang stopped.

At this moment, Shang was positioned in such a way that he could keep watch over his flag, the one-star flag to the south and the five-star flag to the west.

The enemy already "knew" that he had a fivefold Spirit Sense, and they knew that he could see all three things at the same time.

A moment later, Shang took out a pill and put it in his mouth.

It was another Rebirth Pill.

However, Shang didn't swallow, and he also kept it isolated from his body with Mana.

At least, that was how he wanted it to appear.

In truth, he had already put it back into his inner world.

When the Mage Kings saw what was going on, they grew frustrated again.

With Shang waiting there, they couldn't pull a sneaky trick.

They needed to keep the one-star flag and five-star flag there, but they technically still had a three-star flag.

Yet, they couldn't use it.

They needed to keep the three-star flag ready in case Shang suddenly decided to swallow the Rebirth Pill and charge toward the one-star flag.

If they were not fast enough, Shang might snatch another flag, and on top of that, even if he didn't destroy it, he would travel away from the territory of the Twilight Dusk Family at the top.

That meant that three territories of the Judgment Palace would then surround Shang, which made it impossible to defend with their current Defender Flags.

So, the Twilight Dusk Family would need to conquer Shang's old territory, but they really weren't the biggest fans of stretching so far into the Zone. They were too busy with other Zones.

At this moment, Shang was the very reason why the Judgment Palace couldn't even use a single Defender Flag to fight the Lightning Manor.

Shang had destroyed two and was keeping three busy.

Additionally, he was also keeping two flags from the Twilight Dusk Family busy.

Every Empire had five flags per Realm.

Shang had destroyed two and was keeping five busy.

This meant that Shang, completely on his own, was dealing with half of the Defender Flags of all three attacking Empires.

The Empires had to contain Shang with a huge amount of money and resources.

It was like he was some kind of ancient evil that wasn't allowed to come back to the world again.

Eventually, Shang conquered the territory and planted his two-star flag down.

And everything returned to waiting.

Shang was constantly ready to attack if anything happened.

The Judgment Palace was ready to swap out the flags.

The atmosphere was tense.

It was a stalemate.

The one that made the first move would lose.

Nobody dared to move.