Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Shang had been isolated in his newest territory for around 300 years by now.

Nothing had changed.

Shang was 2,100 years old now, and he was ready to break into the Mid Void Break Realm once again.

Sadly, he couldn't since he had no Defender Flag for that level.

He was stuck, and there was nothing he could do.

He could only wait.

At least Shang could fight the beasts in his inner world again since he was back in the Early Void Break Realm.

He had comprehended two further Concepts, the level three Concept of Fire, Incineration, and the level three Concept of Ice, Blizzard.

Now, Shang had comprehended all level three Concepts of his four Affinities, and he had even comprehended a level four Concept for the Death Affinity.

However, Shang wasn't actually focusing on these two Concepts. They had just come on their own.

Shang was actually focusing on the Concept of Temperatures, which was as difficult as a level four Concept now.

In a way, comprehending the level four Concept of Death was easier than comprehending the Concept of Temperatures since the comprehension of death was special.

On top of that, Shang didn't have the most useful things to look at to comprehend temperatures. He could only use a couple of beasts and his own fire and ice.

Naturally, Shang wasn't happy about being stuck here, but there was nothing he could do.

He could only train, even though it wasn't the most effective way of training.

WHOOOOOOM!

Suddenly, Shang felt like the world had stopped.

At this moment, Shang felt like his existence was about to end.

Death had arrived.

Something of incomprehensible power was coming for him at speeds that he couldn't react to.

Shang was frozen.

And then, Shang felt a small icicle appear at the edge of his Spirit Sense.

Just when Shang realized that the icicle had appeared, it had already arrived in front of his body.

This was the fastest thing Shang had seen in his entire life!

Its speed was beyond all comprehension.

The icicle was so incredibly powerful that Shang couldn't even defend.

Maybe, if he sacrificed an arm or a leg to entropy, he could destroy it, but he couldn't even do that.

The icicle was simply too fast!

Shang's entire life shot through his mind.

And then...

WHOOOM!

The icicle stopped.

Shang stopped.

Space stopped.

Time stopped.

Everything stopped.

Two fingers stretched out from beside the icicle and picked it up as if it were nothing but a toy.

"Oh dear," a voice reverberated throughout the world. "We can't have that now, can we?"

And then, the world resumed to move.

Shang's Spirit Sense, which had been suppressed until now, could finally act again, and Shang saw the person that had appeared beside him.

The Custodian was standing beside Shang with a friendly smile.

The surrounding Mage Kings released deep breaths.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

They had been just as shocked as everyone else!

None of them had been prepared for this.

Slowly, all the Mage Kings turned to an old lady with white hair.

This was the oldest Mage King of the Judgment Palace, and she had been the one that had just attacked the warrior.

Literally not even a single one of the Mage Kings had expected this to happen.

Even if they had wanted to save Shang, they wouldn't have been fast enough.

This had been an ambush from a Mage King!

Yet, the Custodian had managed to react to the attack.

Although, probably even the Custodian couldn't have blocked this attack without expecting it, which meant that the Custodian had probably been closely watching over the warrior for a long period of time.

Nevertheless, they were still taken aback by the power of the Custodian.

The Spell he had used to stop reality was a Spell that only the top ten Mage Kings could perform.

This was the very Spell that determined whether someone was in the top ten or not.

It was simply called Domain because it was not a domain but THE Domain.

It was the most powerful and primordial domain in the world.

In order to cast this Spell, a Mage needed to know three insanely powerful Concepts.

The most powerful Concept of Space, the level six Concept, Dimension.

The most powerful Concept of Time, the level six Concept, Eternity.

The most powerful Concept of Gravity, the level six Concept, Singularity.

Only by knowing all three of these level six Concepts could one create the Domain.

This Domain gave one mastery over time, space, and gravity.

It gave one control over the fundamentals of the world, and the only way to counter Domain was to use Domain oneself.

Otherwise, the opponent would just be stuck and helpless.

Everyone knew that the Custodian was amongst the top three Mage Kings of the entire world. He was either second or third place.

All the Mage Kings turned to the Mage King that had just tried to kill the warrior.

The old woman released a helpless sigh. "I feared that something like this might- AAAAAAHHHHHHH!"

Everyone's eyes widened in shock and horror as a black mist with two cold eyes appeared behind her.

Before they could react, the black mist completely engulfed the Mage King, who proceeded to scream in pain and terror.

The Empress of Death had appeared.

After two seconds, the screams died down.

A moment later, a portal opened a couple of kilometers in front of the black mist, and the Lightning Emperor stepped out.

The other Mage Kings felt like the mist was looking at the Lightning Emperor.

The Lightning Emperor slowly extended his hand like he was waiting for something.

Naturally, the rules of the war couldn't be broken.

Anyone that broke the rules would die.

And one of the rules was that if a Mage King decided to intervene in the war, that Mage King would be killed, and the Empire that Mage King had belonged to wasn't allowed to keep their Mana.

Otherwise, an Empire would just make one suicidal Mage King after the other.

The Lightning Emperor was waiting for the Inheritance Sphere with the Mage King's Mana.

The black mist only looked at the Lightning Emperor for some seconds.