Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Agon just chuckled a bit.

"We conquer the three territories to the left and then another four to the north. After that, we will focus on defense," Agon said. "Are you fine with defending the tendril?"

Shang wasn't sure what Agon meant with tendril, but he could guess what he meant based on context clues.

Shang nodded. "I can deal with Early and Mid Ancestral Mages."

Agon also nodded.

Then, Agon took something out, which appeared in front of the distant Shang.

It was a purple medal with a storm cloud and a lightning bolt on it.

"Use this to communicate with others," Agon said. '"The Land and Sky Empire created something that disrupts Communication Crystals, which is why we are using these things now.

It's called a Transmission Medal. Make sure not to lose it."

Shang stretched his mind into the medal, and he could feel a deeply connected web of connections and Auras.

This was very different from Communication Crystals.

Communication Crystals weren't inherently connected to something. As long as one knew how someone's Aura felt, one could contact that person's Communication Crystal.

But the Transmission Medals had a sort of network that automatically showed Shang all of the different Auras that he could contact.

There were also identifications on all these Auras, telling Shang who it was and what their job was.

"Contact this Aura," Agon transmitted as he also transmitted the feeling of someone's Aura. "This is a Thunder working under the Starlight Queen. The Starlight Queen is responsible for this Zone, and her Thunders are the ones that give us orders."

"Tell the Aura that you are joining our mission and that you are willing to be on defense against attackers in the Early and Mid Ancestral Mage Realm," Agon explained.

Shang just wordlessly nodded and contacted the Aura.

"Report," a female voice from inside the Transmission Medal.

"I am joining the mission of Agon Skythunder and will be on defense against Early and Mid Ancestral Mages," Shang said.

"Are you Shang Sword?" the Thunder asked.

"Correct," Shang answered.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Understood," she said. "Wait for orders."

The connection was cut, and Shang simply waited.

"Well then," Agon said with a confident smirk as he looked at his team. "You two, stay with him. The others, follow me."

The people nodded and followed Agon's orders.

One of the Peak Ancestral Mages and an Initial World Connection Stage warrior stepped closer to Shang and waited.

A short moment later, Agon left with the other people towards the west.

Shang remained silent as the other two people threw covert glances at him.

This was him!

This was the Ancestral Hero!

As time passed, the surrounding atmosphere grew more and more awkward.

Shang wasn't saying anything.

"You made the World Connection Stage, correct?" the warrior asked carefully.

"Yes," Shang answered flatly.

Silence.

"What do you think is better, World Connection or Weapon Fusion?" the warrior asked.

"I am not familiar with Weapon Fusion," Shang said.

"You're not?" the warrior asked in shock. "Oh, right, you've been here for a while."

"Weapon Fusion is when you deepen the connection with your weapon. It feels like the natural progression of the Impose. It-"

"Is it this?"

SHING!

Shang swung his Subsis casually, and a huge crevice appeared 40 kilometers away from him.

The other two people took deep breaths.

That had been so fast!

Even more, he had attacked something 40 kilometers away from him in an instant with such power!

However, the warrior was even more shocked than the Mage.

Yes, this was Weapon Fusion!

But wait, didn't the Ancestral Hero say that he didn't know what Weapon Fusion was?

Also, didn't he use World Connection instead of Weapon Fusion?

"Yes," the warrior said after a couple of seconds. "That's Weapon Fusion."

Shang just mindlessly nodded.

"How far can your Weapon Fusion reach?" the warrior asked.

"50 kilometers baseline," Shang said.

The warrior took a deep breath. "That means that you can stretch it to a distance of up to 75 kilometers by channeling your focus."

Shang didn't answer.

"I've already created three Weapon Fusions before I reached the Weapon Fusion Stage, but I can only attack something 15 kilometers away without channeling my focus. How can your Weapon Fusion stretch so far?" the warrior asked.

"World Connection," Shang answered.

The warrior tried to understand how this could work.

Combining Weapon Fusion and World Connection?

Some people had tried it, but it felt clunky.

Sure, these two abilities were related, but they couldn't properly be connected.

According to the Mages, these two abilities were of the same rank, making it very difficult to combine them.

One would need something stronger that had the power to combine these two.

But that wasn't possible in the Sixth Realm.

And vet, the Ancestral Hero had achieved just that?!

Sure enough, he was the Ancestral Hero!

The progenitor of all warriors!

The warrior kept asking Shang questions, and Shang just answered them as he waited.

The assault would only take a couple of hours, not enough time to start training.

Two hours later, the Transmission Medals of the three lit up with information.

The Transmission Medal transmitted a map into Shang's mind. He could see that he was in the middle of a long tendril stretching into the Judgment Palace's territory.

Just now, three territories on the tendril had turned red with different numbers, symbolizing the strength of the person attacking them.

The closest territory to them had been attacked by someone in the Late Ancestral Mage Realm, and the territory north of that was attacked by someone in the Early Ancestral Mage Realm.

Additionally, the recently conquered territory west of Shang had also been attacked by someone in the Peak Ancestral Mage Realm.

Shang could immediately tell what the Judgment Palace was thinking.

They wanted him to attack the territory north of his to force him to break into the Mid Void Break Realm. After that, they would attack with several people in the Early Ancestral Mage Realm.

BANG!

Shang exploded into the sky and shot toward the north at full speed.

The other two were looking at the departing Shang with shock.

But that was a Late Ancestral Mage barrier!

In an instant, Shang had already reached the barrier and passed into it.

The barrier turned cloudy.

Shang quickly reached his opponent, who had quite an intense Aura.

Yet, Shang continued getting closer.

Surprisingly, Shang's bandage didn't react until he was only 500 kilometers away from his opponent.

Someone with a onefold Spirit Sense.

BANG!

The eyes of the two people widened in shock when the barrier broke into pieces just two seconds after Shang had entered.

And then, the barrier beyond that also turned cloudy and broke a moment later.

Five seconds.

In five seconds, Shang had killed two Ancestral Mages and had halted two assaults.

The two people could scarcely believe what they had just witnessed.