Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Shang returned to the Lightning Manor for the first time in a thousand years.

As he passed by the base of the tendril, he took a deep breath.

It felt weird not to be surrounded by enemies.

After a couple of moments, Shang decided to reach the Mid Void Break Realm.

He had fought long enough in the war. Now, it was time to increase his Realm and learn Concepts.

Now that Shang was no longer stuck, he could actually go through with his plan.

First, he needed to reach the Peak Void Break Realm.

After that, he would focus on comprehending the Concept of Temperatures.

And then, he would focus on his final goal.

The mysterious level five Concept of Entropy, the one that combined the Concepts of Twilight, Temperatures, Addition, and Subtraction.

By comprehending a level five Concept, Shang would be able to retain a sixfold Spirit Sense.

But wait, why a sixfold Spirit Sense? Wasn't breaking through with a Concept above one's level just enough for a fivefold Spirit Sense?

Yes, but Shang had a suspicion.

When he had absorbed the momentum in the Fusion Realm, he had probably elevated his "level of existence" permanently.

Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

The power advantage of his body didn't disappear with each breakthrough, which meant that the raised quality was still there, and it should still be there when Shang reached the Seventh Realm.

The drawback was that Shang's spiritual weight had increased, which meant he needed even more momentum to break through.

After reaching the Mid Void Break Realm, Shang flew towards the Lightning Manor.

On his way, he saw several people readying themselves for battle, but Shang didn't interact with them or care.

A moment later, his new Transmission Medal rang, and Shang accepted the connection.

It was the Thunder from earlier.

"Shang Sword, you are required to battle someone," she said.

"I'm done fighting for now," Shang said.

Many kilometers away, the Thunder opened her eyes in surprise.

"Shang Sword, this isn't a question. This is an order," she said.

Shang cut the connection and put the Transmission Medal away.

The Transmission Medal began to ring again, but Shang didn't accept the connection.

Shang just kept flying towards the Lightning Manor.

WHOOM!

Eventually, a powerful Mage Lord arrived in front of Shang, stopping him.

"Halt!" he shouted.

Shang stopped.

"You have been drafted to join the frontlines!" the Mage Lord said.

"I refuse," Shang said.

The Mage Lord narrowed his eyes. "You do not have a choice in the matter."

For the first time in a very long while, Shang actually became angry.

He had given much more to the Lightning Manor than they had given him, and now, they were forcing him to give even more!

Shang's Aura darkened drastically, but the Mage Lord wasn't deterred.

He had seen many people throw tantrums.

"I promise you," Shang said slowly. "If you force anything on me, you and your superior will regret this."

The Mage Lord snorted. "Do you have any idea how many times I have heard that before? I don't care."

The Mage Lord readied a Spell to suppress Shang, and Shang's Aura only continued to darken.

Shang actually felt anger and hatred.

It had been so long since he felt such emotions.

Yet, compared to how his anger had been when he was young, this one was much colder and more apathetic.

Shang didn't lose control over himself, but he started to hate this Mage and the Thunder that ordered him.

"Stop!"

The Mage Lord paused as he noticed that someone else had appeared.

It was another Thunder, but not the one he was working under.

"Yes?" the Mage Lord asked.

The other Thunder, a young woman with icy-blue hair, just looked at the Mage Lord with annoyance. "Who are you working under?" she asked with a strict tone.

"Thunder Brighton," the Mage Lord answered.

"You are not taking him away or doing anything to him. Am I understood?" the Thunder said with an authoritative voice.

The Mage Lord was surprised, but he stopped his Spell. "Yes, ma'am."

The next moment, the Thunder looked at Shang with a sorry expression. "I'm sorry for everything. I'm going to contact the person responsible for this and make sure that this doesn't happen again."

Shang didn't turn to the Thunder and remained silent for some tense seconds.

"I want them dead," Shang said.

Silence.

The Thunder furrowed her brows. "Excuse me?" she asked.

"You heard me," Shang said, turning to her.

"I want those two dead."

The Mage Lord furrowed his brows, and the Thunder looked with disgust at Shang. "You don't have the authority to decide something like that. This is up to the Starlight Queen."

Naturally, the Thunder was disgusted that Shang had said something like that because of this little incident.

Errors happened, and the Thunder responsible for this entire thing would be reprimanded.

The issue was solved.

There was no reason to go overboard and demand two Mage Lords to be killed.

Was he a child?

Shang slowly turned to the Mage Lord.

"You and your superior will die," he said calmly and coldly. "I will make sure of it."

The Mage Lord grew angry, but he didn't say anything.

"Please, be on your way," the Thunder said in a cold tone to Shang.

Shang didn't say anything and continued towards the Lightning Manor.

After he left, the Mage Lord looked at the Thunder. "Why did you allow him to say these things to me?"

The Thunder looked at the Mage Lord with furrowed brows. "He's the Ancestral Hero."

After he left, the Mage Lord looked at the Thunder. "Why did you allow him to say these things to me?"

The Thunder looked at the Mage Lord with furrowed brows. "He's the Ancestral Hero."

This took the Mage Lord by surprise, and he couldn't say anything for several seconds.

And then, the Mage Lord clenched his fists in anger, but he didn't say anything.

He was angry at his superior!

Everyone knew of the Ancestral Hero!

Commanding him to do anything was already too much!

He had done so much for the Lightning Manor!

If he had known that the person in front of him was the Ancestral Hero, he would have refused the order.

But after the anger passed, a feeling of anxiety and fear settled in.

The Ancestral Hero said that he wanted the two of them dead.

The Thunder noticed the Mage Lord and just waved his worries off. "Don't mind him. He said that out of anger. I'm sure he will calm down. Also, this wasn't your fault since you obviously didn't know who he was."

The Mage Lord sighed and nodded. "You're right. Thank you, ma'am."

The Thunder nodded and left to make a report regarding what had happened.

The Mage Lord just sighed.

Nothing would come of this incident.

After all, this was the Ancestral Hero.

After some days or years, he would calm down.

Right?