Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Shang simply continued traveling towards the Lightning Manor.

He still felt angry deep inside, but he quickly managed to suppress it and ignore it.

Since Shang was now at the Mid Void Break Realm, he was also quite fast, and he only needed about an hour to reach the Lightning Sea, which was quite impressive considering that it was about three million kilometers away.

After arriving, Shang felt the power of the Lightning Sea.

It definitely was extremely powerful.

The lightning bolts shot from one cloud to another at rapid speeds, creating several loud explosions.

Yet, Shang just slowly flew towards the Lightning Sea.

BANG! BANG! BANG!

Several lightning bolts hit Shang's body, and Shang could feel the subtle sensation of his body getting burned and his muscles cramping.UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

A couple of burned spots also appeared on his skin, but they vanished just as quickly.

Shang stopped near the range of the bolts and lifted his hand, inspecting it.

More lightning bolts were hitting him all over his body, but the damage was quickly regenerated.

After about a second, Shang retreated.

'I'm using up more life energy than I am recovering. Seems like I can't go to the Lightning Manor on my own yet."

Shang took out his new Transmission Medal and searched for a specific person to call.

"Oh, Shang! It's been a while since I felt your Aura!" a voice came from Shang's Transmission Medal.

It was Fleros, the person running the shop in the Hibye.

"I need an escort through the Lightning Sea," Shang said.

"Sure thing," Fleros answered immediately. "I'll send someone. They will be there in a couple of minutes."

"Okay," Shang said before cutting the connection.

A couple of minutes later, a blue-haired man appeared beside Shang.

"I'm here to escort you," he said, summoning a Transportation Plate. "Hop on."

Shang just nodded and stepped onto the Transportation Plate.

The two of them shot into the Lightning Sea and reached a Lightning Manor a couple of minutes later.

"Should I wait here, or will you need some time?" the Mage Lord asked.

"I should be done in a couple of hours," Shang answered as he stepped into the Lightning Manor.

The Mage Lord just nodded and decided to wait.

After entering the Lightning Manor, Shang directly walked over to the Custodian's door and knocked.

Some seconds later, Shang's Transmission Medal rang, and he could feel the Custodian's Aura.

"Good morning, Shang. I'm not currently in the Lightning Manor. Is there something you need?" he asked.

Shang guessed that the door was probably connected to the Custodian's Transmission Medal, allowing him to see who was knocking without actually being present.

"I need a new Mage King as a master," Shang said.

"Is there anyone you had in mind?" the Custodian asked.

"The Calamity King, preferably. If he's too busy with the war, I would want the Starlight Queen," Shang said.

"Hmm," the Custodian uttered. "Kiran is still very busy with the Abominations, and Sarah is not only running two Departments but also focusing on the southeastern front. I don't think either of them has much time to focus on you. If you are willing to wait about 800 years, Sarah will probably become available."

Wait 800 years?

"How come?" Shang asked.

"We have a Peak Mage Lord with a fivefold Spirit Sense, and she will most likely win the next tournament. At that time, she will focus on the Research and Reconnaissance Departments, freeing Sarah to focus on the Reinforcement Department."

800 years...

Shang thought about the other Mage Kings.

The Myriad King was already very old, and Shang also felt like they wouldn't fit together.

The Heartdevil Queen was lazy and didn't care about anything. She wouldn't put any effort into teaching Shang.

The Custodian probably had the time, but Shang had a bad feeling about him. Shang suspected that the Custodian believed that Shang was dangerous to the Lightning Manor, and he would probably try several tricks to investigate Shang. Taking him as a master would only increase the number of opportunities for him to spy on Shang.

That only left the Dawnlight King.

The Dawnlight King probably didn't have a lot to do now since he was responsible for the Diplomacy Department. Additionally, he was hardworking, had some fitting Affinities, and would most likely even enjoy helping Shang become more powerful.

However...

When Shang thought about the Dawnlight King, an image of Jerald shot through his mind.

Even though the Dawnlight King wouldn't hurt Shang in any way, Shang still felt uncomfortable.

It was like the Dawnlight King represented something Shang didn't want or something he was nervous about.

800 years...

"I'm willing to wait 800 years for the Starlight Queen," Shang said.

"Alright," the Custodian said. "Is there anything else?"

"I need someone that knows about my Spirit Sense and accomplishments that handles all the things I want to exchange for my Contribution Points. I don't think you want me to ask a normal Mage Lord for these things since we are keeping my sixfold Spirit Sense secret even from Mage Kings," Shang said.

The Custodian remained silent for a while as he thought about Shang's words.

"I am going to talk to one of the Thunders of the Reinforcement Department since you fall into their department anyway. They will contact you in a couple of days at most," the Custodian said.

"Thanks. That's all I need," Shang said.

"If you need anything that the Thunder can't give you for some reason, contact me with the Transmission Medal," the Custodian said.

"I will," Shang said.

"Good. Then, I wish you a good day."

"Bye," Shang said as he cut the connection.

A moment later, Shang left the Lightning Manor again and told the Mage Lord that he was ready to return.

The Mage Lord escorted Shang out of the Lightning Manor and left.

Shang flew towards the Hibye.

For the foreseeable future, Shang would focus on increasing his Realm and comprehending Concepts, and the Hibye was probably the best place for that.