A couple of minutes later, Shang arrived at the Hibye.

After a thousand years, Shang saw his new home again, but it was quite different.

It felt empty.

As Shang flew through the Hibye, he saw several empty places that had once been popular with the Clouds.

Most of the Beast Lords responsible for demonstrating Concepts had nothing to do and were just sleeping.

There were also far fewer Bolts inside the Hibye.

However, not everything was empty.

There were still a couple of Clouds and Bolts flying around, but the number had probably been reduced by around 80%.

Shang saw a couple of things, and he also took note of something.

The huge sword, which had formerly been owned by the Weapon Grandmaster.

Now, there was no one sitting near it.

In the past, Shang had been reprimanded for using his Spirit Sense to look at the sword since there had been many Mage Lords near it, and his Spirit Sense would have distracted them from their comprehension.

However, most of these Mage Lords had been from different Empires.

Naturally, there would be no more Mage Lords from different Empires here, and the Mage Lords from the Lightning Manor were also quite busy.

For a while, Shang just looked at the huge sword.

There was something mysterious about it.

Due to all of Shang's accumulated experience, he could feel that focusing on his sword could help him with advancing his swordsmanship.

Yet, a couple of minutes later, Shang looked away and left.

This was not his goal right now.

Shang had 2,800 years of longevity left, and he needed to use them wisely.

Shang also saw a couple of other familiar places.

Surprisingly, there were still two Mage Lords guarding the Trial of Want.

He remembered that the Trial of Want could only be visited once per Realm and that it could give people exactly what they needed.

However, Shang doubted that the trial could actually deliver on that promise for him specifically.

Sure, if he entered now, it could probably give him something great that would help him comprehend the level four Concept of Temperatures, but that would also be a waste.

The biggest thing Shang was worried about was the mysterious level five Concept of Entropy.

Would the Trial of Want even know what that Concept is?

After all, the trial had probably been created by the Lightning Emperor, and the Lightning Emperor himself probably didn't know about that Concept.

This made the Trial of Want useless for the very thing Shang needed the most.

Shang also passed by the plaza that was playing the Inner Heart Melody.

Back then, the melody had put Shang in immense pain, but this time, it was somewhat bearable.

Shang still hated the sound and still felt quite a bit of pain, but it wasn't completely unbearable anymore.

Eventually, Shang reached the crater that his Isolation Chamber had created.

Over the past thousand years, a big part of the crater had transformed into a lake, and a forest had appeared around it.

It actually looked quite beautiful and tranquil.

Shang summoned his Isolation Chamber again and put it down, destroying everything.

A moment later, Shang entered the Isolation Chamber and sat down in the middle.

He could feel a couple of Bolts looking over in interest.

"Your attention is distracting me," Shang said to no one in particular.

Many kilometers away, the Bolts became a bit surprised.

He could feel their perception?

But then, they remembered who Shang was.

Naturally, all of them knew about the Ancestral Hero, and they also remembered Shang.

They still remembered how he had annoyed them by constantly dying on their lawn.

They were quite surprised by Shang's ability to perceive them, but they didn't think it was too suspicious.

After all, they now all knew that Shang had a fivefold Spirit Sense, which also explained all the strange things that had happened around him in the past.

In the end, they all looked away. As long as Shang didn't look at them, they wouldn't look at him.

That was the sensible and polite thing to do.

Shang noted that no one beyond his power was paying attention to him anymore and started.

Shang's Aura intensified, and the Mana in his surroundings started to break down and turn into Neutral Mana.

Shang's mind stretched deep into unfamiliar space, and he connected with an Abomination.

This Abomination was an extremely powerful Ancestral Abomination. It was probably already on its way to becoming an Abomination Lord.

A moment later, it was like a huge claw had ripped the Abomination out of its home, pulling it into Shang's Isolation Chamber.

Shang closed the Isolation Chamber immediately and consumed the Abomination.

The Abomination was quite a bit more powerful than him. If he didn't have the authority to control the Abominations, he might not even win a battle against it, and even if he won, the Abomination would probably explode, taking him with it.Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

After he absorbed it, Shang felt his mind become foggy.

His body shook, and his Aura became unstable.

Shang had never absorbed an Abomination so much more powerful than him.

Shang felt an unending hatred.

Hatred towards this entire world.

He wanted to destroy it.

He wanted to destroy all of it!

All living things were crimes against the fundamental laws of existence itself!

This world had to die!

The Mana had to die!

Seas, air, space, time, earth, everything!

Everything needed to die!

EVERYTHING!

Shang gnashed his teeth so hard that they turned into tiny splinters as his Entropy Domain stretched as far as it could.

All the Mana inside the Isolation Chamber was destroyed, but Shang's Domain of Entropy was stopped by the walls of the Isolation Chamber.

For several hours, Shang's intense emotions raged inside him, but he still didn't move from his spot.

Shang had already expected something like this to happen. After all, back when he had only been at the Commander Stage, he had also consumed the hearts of beasts a level above him.

The wills of these beasts had also fought against Shang, trying to destroy his will and replace it with theirs.

Shang had expected that something similar would happen this time.

And sure enough, he was right.

So, even though Shang wanted to destroy absolutely everything just now, he still managed to convince himself to wait.

He could destroy the world later.

For now, he should listen to his past self and wait.

If he still wanted to destroy the world in two weeks, he could do it then.