Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"I want ten cubic meters of Fire, Ice, Darkness, and Light Affinity Ore, per level, from the Mid Ancestral Mage Realm to the Peak Mage Emperor Realm. I also want the same thing for Abomination Ore," Shang said.

Silence.

"Did you say Peak Mage Emperor Realm?" the Thunder asked with a shaky voice.

"Yes," Shang answered.

"Please wait a couple of minutes," the Thunder said before cutting the connection.

Nearly an hour later, the Thunder called back.

"We can give everything up to the Initial Mage Emperor Realm to you for 5% of your Contribution Points, but if you are dead set on the Mage Emperor ore, you have to expect to lose

40% of your Contribution Points," the Thunder said.

"I want everything," Shang said.

The Thunder took a deep breath. "Fine, but it will take several years."

"That's fine," Shang answered.

"Is there anything else you need?" the Thunder asked.

Shang still had about 20% of his Contribution Points left.

"I need a Thunder bodyguard that keeps others from annoying or hurting me for 800 years or so," Shang said.

"I can fill that part," the Thunder answered. "It will cost you about three to four percent of your Contribution Points, though."

"That's fine," Shang said.

"Anything else?"

There was one more thing he wanted but now was not the time.

For now, he decided to save his Contribution Points in case he needed something in the future.

Shang had about 15% of his Contribution Points left.

"That's everything for now," Shang said. "Tell me when my rewards become available."

The Thunder let out a deep breath. "Of course," she said. "I can't immediately start following you around due to the other things you wanted. I think most of the work will be done within ten years. After that, I should be able to do everything remotely via my Transmission Medal. Is that okay?"

"That's okay," Shang said. "Every two weeks, I will enter my Isolation Chamber for one week and won't be reachable. Just for your info."

"Of course," the Thunder said. "If you'll excuse me, I have to start working on your rewards."Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Then, she cut the connection.

The Thunder had so much work ahead of her.

If she had known that she would need to do this much and work with so many different Mage Kings, she would have declined the offer.

Shang's demands were beyond ridiculous.

When she saw how many Contribution Points Shang had accumulated, she thought it impossible to use all of them up. These Contribution Points would have been enough for her to get everything she ever wanted until the day she died.

And yet, Shang managed to use up 85% of those almost instantly.

Meanwhile, Shang continued watching the sword.

A week later, he entered the Isolation Chamber again and consumed a powerful Abomination.

When he came out a week later, he saw that the Thunder had tried to contact him, and he called her back.

"Shang Sword, the Isolation Barrier has been created. These are the coordinates," the Thunder said.

Shang received the coordinates and noticed that the Isolation Barrier was around 500,000 kilometers away from Aterium, inside the Eternal Ocean.

That was just what he wanted.

Shang wanted his Isolation Barrier there so that no Mage King could watch him inside.

Additionally, since Shang didn't trust the Custodian, he also had specifically asked for Amarius.

Since Amarius gave Shang a similar feeling to Jerald, Shang felt that Amarius wasn't someone that would secretly spy on Shang, and since Amarius was also the controller, the Custodian couldn't look into the barrier.

Lastly, with the barrier so far away from the Lightning Manor, Amarius would literally need to travel about a million kilometers toward the north to even look at Shang, which wasn't very convenient.

"The Isolation Barrier has been attuned to your Aura," the Thunder continued. "You can pass through it without any problem, but no one else can pass through. I also have to add that no one but the Dawnlight King and the Ancestor can contact you while you are inside the barrier."

"Okay," Shang answered. "I will train there from now on. I will leave the barrier once per year. If you have something to tell me, contact my Transmission Medal, and I will call you back when I come out."

"That's fine," the Thunder said. "I wish you luck in your training."

"Thanks," Shang said absentmindedly as he cut the connection.

A moment later, Shang took to the sky and traveled toward the north.

Shang left the Hibye behind and quickly found the coast leading out into the Eternal Ocean.

Shang continued flying, and very soon, there was nothing but water around him.

Shang's Spirit Sense picked up a couple of Archbeasts in the depths, but he hadn't found even a single Ancestral Beast.

But he wasn't very surprised. Ancestral Beasts in the Eternal Ocean lived over 5,000 kilometers deep, and Shang's Spirit Sense didn't reach that far.

Eventually, Shang reached the place.

Surprisingly, Shang didn't find his Isolation Barrier anywhere, and he made sure that he was at the correct spot.

After flying back and forth a bit, Shang accidentally passed through something invisible.

The next moment, Shang was surrounded by a purple barrier.

Shang flew backward and left the barrier.

Sure enough, it vanished again.

Shang was quite surprised that he couldn't even feel the presence of the barrier, even though he was only a couple of meters away from it.

Shang had never seen anything with such an amazing ability of camouflage.

Eventually, Shang entered again, and he saw the purple barrier appear behind him again.

Shang looked into the Isolation Barrier and saw a beautiful lake surrounded by a forest in the middle of a floating island.

The lake was about five kilometers wide, and the forest was another five kilometers wide.

The remaining space was comprised of flat land covered by powerful tiles of strong ore.

Obviously, the area with the tiles was supposed to be Shang's spot for training and the lake Shang's place to relax.

BANG!

Shang summoned his Isolation Chamber in the middle of the island, destroying the lake and forest.

Then, he entered and summoned a powerful Abomination again.

This was Shang's new home for the foreseeable future.