Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

One year later, Shang left the Isolation Barrier and looked outside to check if anyone wanted to contact him.

Sure enough, the Thunder had wanted to contact him.

Shang quickly called back.

"You wanted to contact me?" Shang asked.

"Yes," the Thunder answered. "The construction of your Isolation Chamber is underway, but getting so much Abomination Ore is difficult and time-consuming. Of course, that also extends to the Abomination Ore you have requested, even though it is much less."

"The construction should be done in ten years, as long as nothing goes wrong. By then, I should also have most of the ore you want that is below the Mage King Realm. At that point, I can start my duties as your bodyguard."

"The negotiations with the Land and Sky Empire have not started yet, but the Dawnlight King has asked for a date for the negotiations. I am unsure how long the negotiations will last, but negotiations between Empires always take a long time."

"That should be everything," the Thunder said.

"Okay," Shang said. "Then, I will come out in another nine years or so."

"That's fine," the Thunder said before cutting the connection.

Shang went back into his Isolation Barrier and continued consuming Abominations.

Nine years later, he came out again and contacted the Thunder.

"Hello, Shang Sword," the Thunder said. "Your Isolation Chamber has been finished, and I have 90% of the ore you wanted. The negotiations with the Land and Sky Empire are underway, but they are making it difficult for us. We assume that they know this is for you, and they know how honest the Lightning Manor is, which means that they know that the Lightning Manor has to pay you back, no matter what."

"That's why they are asking for a great amount of resources. It's unknown how long the negotiations will take, but we assume it will take a couple of decades, at least," the Thunder said.

"Okay," Shang answered. "Please bring the Isolation Chamber to my Isolation Barrier."

"Of course," the Thunder said before cutting the connection.

A couple of minutes later, a bolt of lightning stopped in front of Shang and transformed into a beautiful woman.

She had icy blue hair and wore the violet robes of a Thunder. Surprisingly, she looked no older than 20 years.

Yet, her Aura was very mature, professional, and competent. She had the Aura of a successful manager in a business.

Meanwhile, the Thunder looked at Shang as well.

She had already felt his Aura via the Transmission Medal, but it was something else to see him in person.

After knowing that Shang had a sixfold Spirit Sense, she felt like Shang's Aura was extraordinary beyond belief.

"Greetings," she said with a polite nod. "I'm Thunder Linay, and I will be protecting you for the next 800 years."

Shang wordlessly nodded.

Silence.

A moment later, Linay took out a pitch-black ring and handed it to Shang. "Due to the weight of the Isolation Chamber, we also needed to create this Logistic Ring. You can also only move and control the Isolation Chamber with that ring. Naturally, when your body becomes powerful enough to move it on its own, you don't need that ring anymore."

Shang took the ring in his hands and turned to the Isolation Barrier. "Can the Isolation Barrier contain the Isolation Chamber?"

"Naturally," Linay said. "We created the Isolation Barrier with the Isolation Chamber in mind. The island inside the Isolation Barrier has been personally reinforced by the Dawnlight King, and it won't break under the weight."

Shang nodded. "I will come out every decade. Until then, I want you to make sure that nobody is secretly spying on me. Note down everyone you see in your Spirit Sense and give me a list when I return, even if they are a Mage King."

Linay wasn't the biggest fan of Shang's very direct order, but Shang was paying her. Additionally, his orders weren't ridiculous or over the top.

"I will do so," Linay said.

Then, Shang entered his Isolation Barrier while Linay flew on top of the Isolation Barrier, summoned a flying piece of metal, and sat down.

Inside the Isolation Barrier, Shang summoned the Isolation Chamber for the first time.

BOOOOOOOM!

The entire island shook under the enormous weight, but it remained in one piece.

In front of Shang was the biggest and hardest piece of metal he had ever seen.

It looked like a humongous black wall that stretched into infinity. It was like this wall represented the end of the world.

Shang also saw the massive entrance and inspected the walls.

The walls were over a kilometer thick, and they were so hard that Shang couldn't even attempt to break them. Sure, if Shang used the absorption ability of his sword, he might be able to create a hole after a lot of work, but he wouldn't do that.

Naturally, the Isolation Chamber was so ridiculously heavy that Shang couldn't move it at all. In fact, he probably couldn't even move a couple of square meters of this ore, and there were definitely more than a couple of square meters present.

How powerful would his body need to be to move something like this?

Shang estimated that he needed to be in the Peak Seventh Realm to move this on his own. That was how heavy this Isolation Chamber was.

The effort, planning, and ingenuity required to construct and move something like this had probably been monumental. After all, even Mage Lords wouldn't be able to move a lot of this ore at the same time, and then, they also needed to fuse the pieces together.

Shang stopped in the middle of his humongous Isolation Chamber and focused on his bandage.

Absolutely nobody was looking at him.

The next moment, Shang summoned an extremely powerful Ancestral Abomination, but this time, he didn't immediately close the entrance.

Only the Isolation Barrier was between the Abomination and the outside world.

Still, nobody was looking at Shang.

Shang willed the Abomination to remain stationary.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

A moment later, Shang summoned another Abomination.

And another one.

And another one.

By the end, Shang had summoned ten Abominations, and there was still space left in his Isolation Chamber.

BANG!

The door of the Isolation Chamber closed with a timer of about two weeks.

That was when Shang stopped controlling the Abominations.

The Abominations released powerful roars and destroyed all the Mana inside the Isolation Chamber.

However, their Domain didn't hurt Shang at all.

BOOOM! BOOOOM! BOOOOM!

The Abominations attacked the Isolation Chamber with all their power.

Yet, they couldn't even scratch it.

A moment later, one of the Abominations looked at another one.

BANG!

The Abomination's humongous fist hit the other Abomination in the face, throwing it against the wall.

Just now, Shang had willed one of them to attack the other one.

Shang could finally do something that he had wanted to do for a long time since he now had the Isolation Barrier to fall back on in case something went wrong.

Shang wanted to learn more about Abominations.

He wanted to know how they thought, what they did, how they fought, and how they died.

Since there was no Mana in the Isolation Chamber, the Abominations couldn't fill up on Mana to explode, which meant that Shang wouldn't die as well if one of them died.

Surprisingly, after the first Abomination punched the second one, the second one only stood up and continued attacking the wall.

It acted like it hadn't even been attacked.

Shang took note of this and gave more orders.