Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The next time Shang's Isolation Chamber opened again, Amarius had already left, and Shang didn't feel anyone spying on him.

Shang closed the Isolation Chamber again and continued training with the Abominations.

For the next 90 years, nothing out of the ordinary had happened.

By now, Shang had been gone from the frontline for 180 years, and he had no idea how the war was going.

But he also didn't give a shit.

In the last couple of years, Shang managed to achieve his final breakthrough.

Now, Shang was at the Peak Void Break Realm.

The Peak of the Sixth Realm.

With Shang's current power, absolutely nothing he could summon with the Affinity Wheel posed even the slightest challenge, making the Affinity Wheel completely useless.

Shang had finally reached a level of power that made him more powerful than any Initial Mage Lord in existence, assuming there was no one with a fivefold Spirit Sense. However, Shang could even attempt to fight someone like that, but the outcome would be uncertain.

As for the average Mage Lord, Shang could kill an average Mid Mage Lord, but powerful Mid Mage Lords were still very troublesome.

At this moment, Shang was the most powerful existence in the Sixth Realm in the entire world.

Even the Abominations he had summoned were no longer able to pose a threat to him as long as they didn't absorb enough Mana to become explosive.

Shang was now about 2,380 years old, which meant he had about 2,620 years of longevity left to comprehend the level four Concept of Temperatures and the mysterious level five Concept of Entropy.

This seemed like a lot of time, but Shang knew that this wouldn't be easy at all.

There were so few Mage Lords with a fivefold Spirit Sense, and Mages were the best in comprehending Concepts.

How difficult was it to comprehend a Concept above one's level?

Even none of the Clouds could do it.

Every time Shang tried to reach the next Realm, he felt like he was attempting to do something impossible.

First, it had been four powerful Paths at once.

Then, it had been four Imposes and World Connection.

After that, it had been Void Break.

And now, it was the mysterious level five Concept of Entropy.

Just a regular pure level five Concept of any Affinity was difficult to comprehend, and the few Mages with the fivefold Spirit Senses always used these kinds of Concepts since they were the easiest to comprehend.

But there were still so few.

Then came the Complex Concepts, which were essentially impossible to comprehend before one reached the next Realm.

As for the Concept Shang was trying to comprehend...

First, it covered four different Affinities.

Second, it was definitely a Complex Concept, even though it technically was a pure Concept of Entropy.

And lastly, Shang didn't even know what that Concept looked like.Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

What could it do?

Nobody knew.

Where could one learn it?

Nobody knew.

What did it look like?

Nobody knew.

Shang was trying to comprehend something that nobody knew anything about.

'But first, I need the Concept of Temperatures,' Shang thought as his Spirit Sense left the Isolation Barrier.

His Spirit Sense quickly locked onto something.

A big portal.

Shang knew what that meant.

He slowly took to the sky and left the barrier.

Linay looked at Shang. "The negotiations have been completed," she said with professional courtesy.

Shang noticed that her tone had shifted since the last time they had talked.

It was more distant.

But Shang didn't care.

"This portal leads to the island of the Hadean King. The Hadean King is a bull-like beast that focuses on extreme cold and volcanic heat. Its island is mostly devoid of vegetation due to the extreme cold and ice everywhere, but there are also plenty of volcanoes that create lava streams going through the land."

A cold island with high volcanic activity...

Shang felt that description to be familiar.

"What about the ore?" Shang asked.

"We have about 30% of the Mage Emperor ore," Linay said.

"Good," Shang said before turning to the portal. "I can just go through the portal?"

"Yes, but please wait a moment," Linay said as she summoned a small pin with a lightning bolt on it. "Please put this pin on your robe whenever you are anywhere near that island.

This pin is directly connected to the Ancestor, and it will report to him whenever it comes into contact with a Mage King's Spirit Sense, in which case the Ancestor will pay special attention to your safety."

"As for Mage Lords, I should be enough to defend you from them, and even if they attack us with several, I can easily buy enough time for the Ancestor to notice the destruction."

"We have also come into contact with the Hadean King and have negotiated with it. It is willing to demonstrate the Concept of Temperatures to you in exchange for some things.

Naturally, the Lightning Manor has already handed these things over to the Hadean King."

Shang nodded and put the pin on his white robes.

After that, he wordlessly flew through the portal, and Linay followed after him.

Shang felt a strong feeling of displacement, but it was still bearable.

As soon as Shang stepped out of the portal, he felt several beings look at him.

Based on the intensity of the feeling, Shang could tell that there were at least four Beast Lords and over ten Ancestral Beasts.

Surprisingly, Shang could also feel a couple of humans look at him, but they weren't as numerous.

Shang saw a couple of Ancestral Mages with the robes of the Land and Sky Empire who were looking back at him.

Shang could feel quite a bit of animosity coming from them.

But just like always, he didn't care.

The portal was located near the coast of the island, and Shang could see an icy and rocky land with rivers of lava flowing through it.

"Where is the Hadean King?" Shang asked.

"It's in the middle of the island," Linay answered, "which is about 500,000 kilometers to the southwest."

Shang nodded and shot towards the southwest.