Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Shang and Linay shot toward the middle of the Hadean King's island.

While they were traveling, they noticed quite a few Beast Lords. Beast Lords were pretty rare, but here, they seemed to be quite common.

That was probably due to the Hadean King's Domain.

Just like any other beast, the Hadean King was creating a huge Domain around itself, filled with Mana from its own Affinities.

The density of the Fire and Ice Mana was very high, creating a huge chessboard of extremely hot and extremely cold places.

Just by moving a couple of meters, Shang went from a place that could melt steel to a place that could turn oxygen into a liquid.

This reminded Shang of his troubles with his Ice and Fire powers when he was young. By now, these powers didn't give Shang any problems anymore since he had achieved perfect control of them.

But back then, the balance of his body's temperature had been quite important to maintain.

"The beasts are not allowed to attack a human of a lower Realm," Linay told Shang after a minute of silence.Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Realm or level?" Shang asked.

"Realm," Linay answered. ""An Initial Beast Lord is not allowed to attack a Peak Ancestral Mage, but a Peak Beast Lord is allowed to attack an Initial Mage Lord."

"Hm," Shang uttered. "I presume the Land and Sky Empire has a deal with the Hadean King."

"Correct," Linay said. "I don't know how the Land and Sky Empire is handling its Beast Kings, but the Lightning Manor only allows Beast Lords to become the new Beast Kings when they agree to our terms. Otherwise, we kill them and choose a different Beast Lord to become a Beast King."

Shang just nodded.

It was quite obvious that these rules were unfair towards beasts due to the average power of Mages and beasts.

An average Initial Mage Lord could probably fight an average Mid Beast Lord.

So, as long as a Mage was in the Late or Peak of their Realm, they could essentially move through the island unhindered.

And the worst thing was that the beasts actually thought that to be fair.

The reason wasn't that they were stupid. No, Beast Lords and Beast Kings were quite smart.

The reason was that beasts believed in power, and if two beings at the same level fought each other, it was completely fair.

The average power of the two sides didn't matter to them since everyone was responsible for their own power.

Naturally, the difference in power came from the very concept of society.

Beasts didn't have a society, but humans did.

Every beast needed to learn everything about its own power on its own.

Meanwhile, humans had books and teachers. Why invent something that someone else had already invented?

But the beasts didn't care.

Power was power.

It didn't matter where that power came from.

Naturally, no beast dared to attack Shang or Linay. Both of them were at the Peak of their Realms, after all.

Linay was probably even the second most powerful being on the entire island, only inferior to the Hadean King.

And that wasn't even certain.

After all, what was the level of the Beast King?

Was it at the Initial Beast King Realm or the Peak Beast King Realm?

If the Hadean King were an Initial or Early Beast King, Linay might actually be stronger than it since she wasn't just a normal Mage Lord but an actual Thunder, someone with a fourfold Spirit Sense.

One had to remember that there were only about 70 Thunders in the Lightning Manor, which meant that every Thunder belonged to the 100 most powerful people in the Lightning Manor.

If one added all the Empires up, a Thunder would even enter the top 1,000 of the entire world.

The top ten were the Mage Emperors.

Eleven to about 100 were the Mage Kings.

101 to 150 were the Beast Kings, but they could also be lower, depending on their level.

And places 151 to about 1,000 were the Peak Mage Lords with fourfold Spirit Senses.

So, Linay was somewhere between place 151 to 1,000 in the entire world.

Back in Shang's second trial, he had fought the progeny of the Ice King, one of the Beast Kings.

Back then, Archmages had already seemed impossibly powerful to him, and above them had been the Zone Beasts.

And above those had been the mysterious and super powerful Mage Lords.

And only then came the Beast Kings.

Now?

Shang was accompanied by someone that could probably fight quite a few Beast Kings, and he was going to meet one of the Beast Kings, which would also help him comprehend a Concept.

Shang had truly entered the elite of the world, even though he couldn't fight any of them vet.

After traveling for several minutes, the Hadean King finally entered Shang's Spirit Sense.

Or, at least, its hoof.

Beast Lords and stronger could suppress their size, but the Hadean King obviously wasn't interested in doing that.

It was big.

Really big.

Its hoof was over 50 kilometers wide, and its leg was over 300 kilometers long.

Its entire body was around a thousand kilometers long.

It was insanely big.

A casual movement of one of its hooves broke mountains apart that were bigger than Mt. Everest.

These huge mountains made by the constant flow of lava were like cracks in the pavement for the Hadean King.

Its torso was colored red, which slowly transformed into blue as one went down its legs.

It had a long and majestic mane that hung from its humongous head.

Surprisingly, it only had one horn. The other one seemed to have been cut off.

It was quite difficult to surprise Shang, but the Hadean King's appearance genuinely surprised him.

It was just so insanely powerful and huge.

It was so imposing that Shang even doubted that anyone could be stronger than such a monster, but only for a second.

Yes, the Hadean King was probably the most imposing thing Shang had ever seen in his entire life, but that didn't change reality.

Probably every single Mage King was more powerful.

After a while, the humongous head of the Hadean King turned to Shang and Linay, and it specifically focused on Shang.