Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

After finishing the book, Shang thought about everything he had read and how it related to the God and the Abominations.

The origin of the Abominations was a complete unknown, and even Shang, who could take a look at the place where the Abominations came from, didn't know where they actually came from.

Whenever Shang summoned an Abomination, he could see all the different Abominations in their own world, which was just a black nothingness.

There was no Mana or anything similar.

Yet, there had to be a force. After all, the Abominations had bodies and could interact with the world, which meant that they had to be made of something, and their world also had to be made of something.

Sadly, no one, including Shang, knew what this something was.

The closest thing people could inspect was Entropy Ore, but that also didn't tell them a lot.

Entropy Ore had to be similar to Abominations, but there was nothing anyone could find out about it.

It was just very hard, could isolate Mana, and could isolate Abominations.

Shang suspected that Entropy Ore was a stable fusion of Mana and whatever force the Abominations used.

The Abomination part of the Entropy Ore could isolate Mana, and the Mana part of the Entropy Ore could isolate Abominations.

That also made it impossible to be transformed into Mana to analyze its composition.

Suddenly, Shang realized something.

He took out his Addum and inspected it.

The Lightning Emperor had said that this was a Peak Companion Weapon, something that the ancient people from the Ninth Realm could create.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

However, Shang's swords could also absorb Entropy Ore.

Could the Peak Companion Weapons from back then do that?

This thought led to another thought.

The God had given these two weapons to Shang, and on top of that, the God had given Shang his body.

And his body was the body of the Child of Calamity.

Did the God have control over which person became the Child of Calamity?

Could the God just create a Child of Calamity?

According to the Archivist's records, the Child of Calamity appeared relatively recently. Not even a million years had passed since then.

Did the God create the Child of Calamity?

If so, the God had probably appeared in the world in the last million years, which would also explain why he had quoted the Archivist almost word for word. After all, he wouldn't have known how the world looked back then.

So, had the God actually read this book as well?

Shang imagined the God reading the book and looking at his world.

The world in the book seemed exciting and magical.

And the God's current world?

Weak beasts.

The only danger was other humans.

Maybe the God increased the power of the Abominations by creating the Child of Calamity? That would make things more interesting and dangerous.

However, if the Abominations won, the world would be destroyed, and the God would probably be destroyed with it.

This was crazy.

And yet, wasn't the God crazy?

Shang could imagine the God doing that.

After all, the God was also watching as Shang grew more powerful, someone that wanted to kill the God.

Then, Shang remembered a short conversation he had had with the God during one of his earlier trials.

Shang had made a guess back then that the God wanted to become more powerful but couldn't, for some reason.

The God's reaction had been intense, and his jovial nature had vanished back then.

Assuming that the God wasn't as old as the Archivist, the Abominations predated the God.

This meant that the God wasn't involved in the Abominations invading the world.

However, the God had a certain level of control over the Abominations. After all, he created Shang's body, and he also created a Peak Companion Weapon that could manipulate Entropy Ore, something nobody could do.

So, the God had to be connected to the Abominations.

And there was only one person that was connected to the Abominations.

The Child of Calamity.

But that also didn't make any sense. If the God were the Child of Calamity, the Abominations appearing in the world would be incomprehensibly powerful.

This meant that the God had to be the Child of Calamity, but he also couldn't be the Child of Calamity.

A contradiction.

Once more, Shang thought about the possibility that God was Lucius Volstad.

And once more, it made no sense.

The God had seemed genuinely enraged and angry at the corpse he had been kicking around in his palace in front of Shang.

Also, shortly after Lucius had reached the Tenth Realm, all the Mana he had absorbed was brought back into the world, and all the powerful Abominations stopped appearing.

It was obvious that Lucius Volstad had died.

Naturally, the Archivist also couldn't be the God.

The book was written very differently from how the God acted, and the Archivist had also been suppressed by Lucius. Also, Shang hadn't seen any of these things on the God's body that had once suppressed the Archivist.

No tattoo, no ring, no collar, and most importantly, no bracelet.

Lastly, the Archivist seemed very serious, wise, and scholarly.

Shang still had no idea who the God was, but he had still learned quite a bit.

The God had most likely appeared within the last million years.

The God was not any of the known people in the Ninth Realm.

The God had a certain level of mastery over the Abominations, but he also couldn't stop them from invading.

The God had the knowledge of the Child of Calamity but couldn't be the Child of Calamity.

The God could enter the world and kill whomever he wanted and whenever he wanted.

The God could create an entire separate universe with its own sets of physical laws and could also manipulate the time in that universe to such a degree that billions of years passed in merely a couple of years.

The God could delete worlds and create new ones.

Lastly, the God was stuck in this set of worlds and couldn't leave.

He was essentially the biggest fish in an isolated pond.

And that was what turned him mad, most likely.

Sadly, that was the extent of what Shang knew about the God.

Eventually, Shang put the Archivist's book away and read through the remaining books.

Shang hadn't expected that he would be assaulted by so much important information when he had started reading the books.

He just wanted to know how to comprehend Concepts better, but he also got a history lesson on top of that.