Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Shang went over the conversation several times in his head.

Eventually, he put the pin and the books away.

Many revelations had happened in a short time, and Shang had been sidetracked by his actual goal.

Power.

All of this started because Shang wanted to learn how to comprehend Concepts.

Now, Shang finally had all the knowledge he needed.

Yet, there was still one major issue.

Shang had no idea how to comprehend the Concept he wanted.

He didn't even know what it did or looked like.

Lucius had somehow comprehended this Concept back when he had been a Peak Ancestral Mage.

But compared to Lucius, Shang actually knew the effects of that Concept.

Based on what the Lightning Emperor had said, comprehending this mysterious Concept allowed someone to use the Domain of Entropy without needing to use any kind of Mana or life energy.

What did the Domain of Entropy do?

It transformed Elemental Mana into Neutral Mana.

Shang needed to sacrifice life energy to achieve this transformation, but Lucius could do it without needing to sacrifice anything.

Lucius essentially just transformed one kind of Mana into another.

Temperature, Addition, Twilight, Subtraction.

It was a circle.

Ice to Fire to Light to Darkness to Ice.

This was what Shang could do right now.

But this was only transforming one kind of Elemental Mana into another kind of Elemental Mana.

Neutral Mana was not part of this cycle at all.

The only way Shang could do this was by using his Domain of Entropy.

That was when Shang realized something.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

He didn't actually know how his Domain of Entropy worked.

He knew what it could do and how to use it, but he didn't know how it actually achieved its effect.

Was this what Shang needed to learn?

He just had to take a look at his Domain of Entropy and comprehend how it worked?

Shang had watched the Abominations for quite some time before he had traveled to the Hadean King's island to comprehend the Concept of Temperatures.

The Abominations could also use the Domain of Entropy, but there were two differences between his domain and theirs.

First, they deleted Mana, while Shang just transformed Mana.

Second, they used no resources to activate their domain, while Shang used a lot of life energy.

Were their domains different?

Or...

Was the Abominations' domain superior?

What if the Abominations' Domain of Entropy was actually the finalized version of the Domain of Entropy?

Then, could Shang eventually delete all the Mana he wanted without needing to pay anything?

'Many old martial arts are derivative from how beasts move. Maybe I am doing the same thing with the Abominations.'

'So, I should actually take a look at how the Abominations actually delete Mana while also keeping in mind that it has to somehow be connected to the Concepts of Addition, Subtraction, Twilight, and Temperatures."

Slowly, a plan formed in Shang's mind.

Shang entered his huge Isolation Chamber and then entered the smaller Isolation Chamber inside his big one.

This time, Shang summoned a Commander Stage Abomination and closed both Isolation Chambers.

Shang watched as the small Abomination absorbed enough Mana to become explosive.

The Ancestral Abominations had been too powerful to become explosive since Shang's Isolation Barrier could only hold so much Mana at once.

But the Commander Stage Abomination was weak enough that the Mana was enough to make it explosive while also leaving a bit of Mana.

After becoming explosive, the Abomination activated its Domain of Entropy to destroy all the Mana that remained inside the Isolation Chamber.

Shang watched very closely.

Sure enough, the Abomination was using nothing to activate the effect of its domain. It also wasn't using the Mana it had absorbed previously.

Eventually, the Abomination destroyed all the Mana in the surroundings, and its domain deactivated.

A bit later, the inner Isolation Chamber opened.

The huge amount of Mana that the outer Isolation Chamber had contained was now flooding into the smaller Isolation Chamber.

The domain reactivated.

That was when Shang got an idea and closed the inner Isolation Chamber after leaving it.

When the outer Isolation Chamber opened again, Shang gave both the Isolation Chambers a certain order.

Then, the outer Isolation Chamber closed before the inner one opened.

Shang entered the inner Isolation Chamber and watched the Abomination.

Shang had set it up that the two Isolation Chambers would open and close separately.

The Abomination would use up the Mana inside the inner Isolation Chamber.

Then, the door would open, and the Mana in the outer Isolation Chamber would enter.

When the door of the inner Isolation Chamber closed, the door of the outer Isolation Chamber would open to refill the Mana in the outer Isolation Chamber.

And things would repeat.

Like this, nobody could ever see the Abomination, even if they could look through the Isolation Barrier, and the Abomination would get an infinite amount of Mana.

Shang could just stay inside the inner Isolation Chamber and watch the Abomination's domain.

Even though an Abomination was right beside him, Shang could fully let himself go without having to pay attention to his surroundings.

Shang just kept looking at the domain, trying to link it to the four Concepts of Entropy he had comprehended.

After a while, he saw that there was a certain connection between them, but he couldn't see what this connection actually was.

Shang also started to use his own Domain of Entropy to compare his domain to the Abomination's.

As more and more time passed, Shang saw more differences.

However, Shang still had no idea how or why these things were different.

He tried to compare them and understand why things were different, but the calculations became so insanely complex that Shang forgot the beginning of his calculations.

Now, Shang realized how truly difficult it was for Mages to get a fivefold Spirit Sense.

Mages had to comprehend something that their minds were too weak to comprehend.

It was crazy difficult and ate an incomparable amount of focus and concentration.

After around a century, Shang decided to leave his Isolation Barrier.

He didn't want to get a sudden visit by the Dawnlight King because the Lightning Manor was dying.