Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Shang spent the next week watching more Abominations, but he didn't fully let himself go since he knew that he would most likely not have any time for the foreseeable future.

Eventually, Shang left the two Isolation Chambers.

Shang very quickly noticed that he wasn't alone.

Amarius was standing on the little island in front of the Isolation Chambers.

SHING!

The next moment, two heads appeared between them.

One of the heads was of the Mage Lord, who had tried to take Shang away, and the other was unfamiliar. After all, Shang had never seen the actual Thunder before.

"We have fulfilled your request," Amarius said with a professional and friendly voice. It was almost like he wasn't holding two heads right now.

Shang nodded. "I can rest assured that these two heads are real?"

"Yes," Amarius said. "After a long discussion, which even involved the Ancestor, it has been decided that we will fulfill your request. However, I have to inform you that we have considered this as part of your exchange of Contribution Points."

"As of this moment, you do not own a single Contribution Point anymore."

"The Lightning Manor will not budge on this ruling, even if we all die."

Shang looked at the two heads for some seconds.

"Fine," Shang said.

He didn't have many problems with that since he basically had nothing to spend his Contribution Points on anyway. Additionally, he could easily earn more.

Amarius smiled warmly. "We are glad to hear this," he said as the heads in front of him turned into dust.

"Now, we need to change a couple of things," Amarius said as he summoned a Transmission Medal and a pin.

"To ensure that something like this won't happen again, we have granted you the unique status of Young Master. This status puts you on the same level as a Thunder. You are allowed to order Bolts around, but you are not allowed to order Thunders around."

"Anyone below the rank of Thunder is not allowed to start a conversation with you or interact with you unless you initiate the contact. If anyone breaks these rules, you may call me, and I will deal with the issue."

"Please wear the pin at all times so that others know who you are. As part of your new status, we are also granting you a new Transmission Medal that makes it impossible for Bolts and weaker to contact you."

"Thunder Linay has also been permanently assigned to you. If there is anything you need from the Lightning Manor, you may contact her, and she will contact us. Please keep in mind that almost everything you ask will require Contribution Points from now on."

"Do you have any questions?" Amarius asked with a friendly and warm smile.

Shang took the pin and the Transmission Medal.

For a while, he remained silent.

"Fine," Shang said, handing over his old Transmission Medal and putting his new pin on his robes.

"We are glad to hear that, Young Master Shang," Amarius said with a bright smile.

Shang just nodded.

"Young Master Shang, will you now consider helping the frontlines?" Amarius asked with an endearing smile.

Shang nodded. "Can you open a portal to the frontlines?" he asked.

"Of course!" Amarius said as he summoned several portals in a row.

"I will follow the Starlight Queen's orders. She is still responsible for the southeastern front, right?" Shang asked.

Amarius nodded.

Shane nodded back and stenned throneh the nortal.

Amarius nodded.

Shang nodded back and stepped through the portal.

A moment later, the portals closed.

Naturally, Shang knew what was going on.

The title Young Master was mostly given to the progeny of a powerful person with a lot of servants and guards.

A Young Master is a young person that isn't powerful enough to fully assume command or travel alone through the world.

Naturally, none of these things were accurate for Shang.

Shang was extremely powerful.

Shang realized that the Lightning Manor most likely gave him that title to humiliate him.

They wanted to show what they thought of Shang and, by extension, what other people should think of Shang.Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

They essentially gave Shang the public label of entitled, unreasonable, and not fit to command others.

The restrictions of contact also isolated Shang further from the Lightning Manor, turning him into an outsider.

Obviously, the Lightning Manor was very unhappy with him.

In fact, if Shang only had a fivefold Spirit Sense, they might have even killed him or refused to help him due to his unreasonable demands.

So, what did Shang think about all of this?

He didn't care.

What other people thought of him had never been important to him.

The only important thing was how others treated him.

Even if the entire Lightning Manor believed Shang to be entitled, emotional, weak, or whatever, it didn't change reality.

And the reality was that Shang had the most powerful Battle-Strength out of every single being in the world, except for maybe King Sanctified Death.

But there was also something else.

The Lightning Manor had given in to Shang's unreasonable demand, and Shang had known from the very beginning that it was an unreasonable demand.

Shang wasn't stupid, and he knew that his demand couldn't possibly be logically defended in a discussion or argument.

But that didn't matter.

Because Shang was powerful.

It didn't matter if what he wanted was reasonable or not.

He was strong.

He was the one in control.

Weak people had no power to refuse.

If he wanted to kill someone that wasn't a Mage King, they would die.

If he wanted the Lightning Manor to do something, they would do it.

The new dynamic between the Lightning Manor and Shang had become apparent after they had given in to his demand.

They might be able to humiliate him with his new title and feel good about themselves, but it didn't change reality.

Shang was no longer inferior to the Lightning Manor.

In power, he was still inferior, but in importance and future power, he was their equal.

This entire war had been set up for Shang.

The Lightning Manor had gone all in on Shang.

If Shang failed, the Lightning Manor would cease to exist.

However, if the Lightning Manor ceased to exist, Shang would follow.

This made them intrinsically connected.

Their survival depended on each other.

This made them equals.

If Shang wanted, he could refuse the status of Young Master and refuse to fight. Sure, the Lightning Manor would become angry again, but they would quickly fulfill that request as well.

Shang wasn't important enough for the Lightning Manor to bend over backwards for him?

Wrong.

He was exactly that important!

Why?

Because he was so powerful that there was no other person in the world that could take his place.