Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

The portal closed behind Shang, and he found himself on top of a hill.

There weren't many people visible in Shang's Spirit Sense, but the few that he could see were not even powerful enough to know about the Lightning Manor.

It seemed like Amarius had sent Shang to a rather isolated area.

"Young Master Shang," the distant Starlight Queen transmitted to Shang. He didn't know where she was. "Are you willing to follow my orders for the next battles?"

The Starlight Queen's voice was very professional and friendly, but exactly that showed how she felt towards Shang.

She had completely distanced herself from him, treating him as a complete stranger one would meet on the street.

However, Shang preferred it that way. Like this, he wouldn't need to listen to another sermon about respect from her.

In a strange way, she reminded Shang a bit of Mervin.

"Yes," Shang answered.

"That's good to hear, Young Master Shang," she said.

The next moment, she explained what she had planned.

When Shang heard her plan, he didn't show any reaction. However, based on what Shang had been hearing, the Judgment Palace was overextending by a lot.

They were constantly using Ancestral Mages with fourfold Spirit Senses, and they weren't afraid that their Mages might die.

On top of that, they were using their remaining Defender Flags recklessly.

It was almost like they had completely forgotten Shang.

But would they have truly forgotten him?

"I anticipate that the five-star flag is a trap for Young Master Shang," the Starlight Queen said. "They are acting like they have forgotten Young Master Shang, but I am sure that this is all an act to get you to attack the five-star flag."

"According to our sources, there shouldn't be a Peak Ancestral Mage with a fivefold Spirit Sense in the Judgment Palace, but I still believe that they have one. I simply refuse to believe that they are so stupid that they would risk their five-star flag without someone with such power."

"Naturally, I have trust in Young Master Shang's ability," she said politely.

Shang just nodded.

He had never killed someone with a fivefold Spirit Sense before.

However, Shang wasn't nervous.

Not even in the slightest.

Since the last time Shang had fought, he had comprehended many things, and he had overhauled his entire fighting style.

"Are you ready, Young Master Shang?" the Starlight Queen asked.

Shang summoned his Addum and nodded wordlessly.

He wouldn't need his Subsis for this fight.

The Starlight Queen nodded.

Then, Shang crouched in preparation for a sprint.

Silence.

WHOOOM!

A portal appeared in front of Shang.

BANG!

Shang exploded forward with all of his speed.

The portal directly led to a transparent barrier.

No one could react fast enough to the sudden appearance of the portal and Shang shooting into the barrier.

A second later, the barrier of the five-star Defender Flag of the Judgment Palace turned cloudy, and no one could see what was going on inside.

"They fell for it!" a Mage King from the Judgment Palace said to the others. He was the new Mage King responsible for the war since the old one had been sent to do other things.

Two Mage Kings from the Twilight Dusk Family and the Land and Sky Empire immediately locked onto the five-star Defender Flag.

Naturally, all three Empires were still allies, and they knew who was in that barrier.

Finally, they got rid of this menace!

"You're confident?" one of them asked the Mage King of the Judgment Palace, just to be sure.

"I am," the Mage King answered. "She's a fivefold Ancestral Mage, and she already knows four level four Concepts. Killing this menace is her last job before she enters seclusion to comprehend a level five Concept."

"Even more, she has a Death Affinity."

This was the first time the other two Mage Kings had heard of that.

A Peak Ancestral Mage with a fivefold Spirit Sense and a Death Affinity.

As long as this Mage managed to comprehend a level five Concept before becoming a Mage Lord, there would be a 99% chance that she would become a Mage King.

The other Empires wouldn't even fight in the tournament she would take part in.

They would just forfeit after seeing her.

That settled it.

They would finally be rid of that menace.

Meanwhile, inside the barrier, a beautiful woman with black hair and black robes noticed that the barrier had transformed cloudy.

She slowly opened her black eyes, which resembled the eyes of a dead person.

She seemed emotionless, like a robot.

Slowly, she stood up and summoned her black Focus.

In the distance, Shang stopped moving after entering the barrier.

He wanted to make it seem like the fight would be difficult, which was why he waited a bit.

Some seconds later, Shang began moving forward.

After flying for a bit, he finally saw his opponent with his Spirit Sense.

When he saw his opponent, Shang immediately realized that his opponent had a Death Affinity.

In comparison to Shang, a lot of Death Mana was hovering around Shang's opponent, contradicting the things Queen Primordium had taught him about the Death Affinity.

According to Queen Primordium, Death Mana couldn't easily be controlled externally, and it needed to be inside someone's body or mind to be used.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

But that wasn't the case for Shang's opponent.

However, it wasn't actually too shocking. After all, the Judgment Palace was the home of the Empress of Death.

Such a powerful and talented Mage had probably learned a couple of things from the Empress of Death personally.

A moment later, Shang used every ability he had to hide his presence and disguise himself.

After that, he slowly flew forward.

A couple seconds later, when Shang was only 2,500 kilometers away from his opponent, his bandages told him that someone was looking at him.

However, Shang's opponent hadn't moved yet.

This was why Shang had done his best to disguise himself.

It gave his opponent an opening to place a trap.

Naturally, Shang knew that he couldn't hide from such a powerful Mage with the couple of abilities he had, but his opponent didn't know that he knew.

So, his opponent would act like she didn't see him, allowing Shang to do two things.

First, he confirmed that this Mage actually had a fivefold Spirit Sense. If Shang had attacked from a distance, he wouldn't have been able to confirm that.

Second, it gave Shang time to prepare for his assault.

A Peak Ancestral Mage with a fivefold Spirit Sense and a Death Affinity.

But that didn't matter to Shang.

Onefold or fivefold.

Both of them would die just as quickly.