Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Shang slowly lifted his Addum and held it in both of his hands.

Then, he gathered all his focus and concentration.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

In the distance, Shang's opponent was acting like she hadn't noticed anything, but she had also already readied a couple of her own Spells.

She was just waiting for Shang to get closer.

A bit later, Shang had gathered all of his focus.

And then...

WHOOOOM! SHING! SHING! SHING! SHING! SHING!

Shang used Void Break and five Mana Steps in quick succession!

In an instant, Shang had emptied his mind of all Mana.

But in exchange, he arrived just a couple of kilometers away from his opponent.

Shang's opponent was slightly surprised that Shang was willing to sacrifice all of his Mana just to get close to her, but her experience and cold mindset immediately made her react appropriately.

A sphere of condensed Death Mana shot out of her hand directly toward Shang.

Meanwhile, Shang's Addum burst into black flames.

And then, Shang swung his Addum downward.

A slice burning with black flames cut through space.

BOOOOOOOOOM!

Shang's Addum stopped, and in the distance, the slice also stopped.

It was like time had stopped.

The ball of concentrated Death Mana still shot at Shang.

In the distance, all of the Death Mana in the Mage's surroundings vanished, and her eyes very slowly opened wide in shock.

She had gathered a lot of Death Mana to protect herself from any surprise attacks, but this single attack had actually gotten rid of all of this, including 10% of her Mana!

One had to realize that the shield of Death Mana she had created around herself was ridiculously powerful.

After a quick calculation, she realized that Shang had gotten rid of 2,500% of her maximum Mana!

With one strike!

But she had survived!

When Shang noticed that his opponent was still alive, he had no emotional reaction.

He had expected that.

But it didn't matter.

The second half of his attack would kill her.

The black flames around Shang's Addum vanished, revealing a newly created Subsis beneath them.

Usually, Shang's Subsis used ice or darkness as a blade, but this time, Shang's Subsis was just in its normal state.

However, it seemed blacker than usual.

At this moment, Shang's attack was half-finished, and it looked like his sword was stuck in something.

And then, Shang moved his shoulders down like he was trying to break through whatever was beneath his sword with his body weight.

SHING!

Shang's Subsis finished the slash.

In the distance, an extremely thin slice cut through the world, and Shang's opponent was in its path.

The Mana Shield had already vanished.

And Shang's opponent?

She appeared normal.

She just looked forward with her usual dead eyes.

But this time, her eyes were actually dead.

The level four Concept of Death, Death.

Yes, the level four Concept of Death was just the state of Death.

The level four Concept of Death transformed the properties of the other three Concepts of Death to an extreme.

People could recover from weakness.

People could recover from sickness.

People could come back from purgatory.

But when the level four Concept of Death was added, this was no longer possible.

Over his many years of training, Shang had come up with a very terrifying attack that used the level four Concept of Death.

After a lot of training, Shang managed to give his Death Mana transformative and reactive properties.

When Shang's Addum had burned down into a Subsis, Shang had slashed forward with Death Mana that was using the level two and level four Concepts of Death, Weakness and Death.

This increased the destructive power of his sword severalfold, which was enough to completely destroy his opponent's Mana Shield.

In fact, it would have been enough to destroy another 1,400% of his opponent's Mana on top of that.

And when the remaining Death Mana had come into contact with the Mage's head, it also came into contact with her soul.

As soon as it felt a soul, the properties immediately changed to the Concepts Purgatory and Death.

So, instead of becoming a birdwatcher, Shang's opponent became a vegetable.

Her soul was like a mirror that had been hit with a sledgehammer.

This attack that used a combination of Void Break, Entropy, and all the Concepts of Death was Shang's strongest attack now.

It was so powerful that it could delete around 3,500% of a Peak Ancestral Mage's Mana.

This single attack could essentially kill a Peak Ancestral Mage about 35 times.

This attack was so powerful that it could also kill an Early Mage Lord in one strike and was powerful enough to delete 90% of a Mid Mage Lord's Mana.

As for beasts...

There was probably not even a single Beast Lord in the world that could kill Shang.

Shang also gave his attack a fitting name.

Fate.

Because the fate of every living being was to die one day.

Naturally, Shang had a couple more new techniques, but he didn't need to use any of them in this fight.

But that would become relevant some other time.

For now, Shang had to deal with something else.

The concentrated ball of Death Mana was still shooting at Shang.

Shang lifted his left arm and snapped his fingers.

BOOOOOM!

The Mage's body exploded. Shang didn't want anyone to see how he had killed his opponent.

And as for the concentrated ball of death.

Ssssshhh!

The ball hit Shang in the chest and encompassed his entire body.

The Death Mana was entering Shang's body, consuming him and turning him into a starving old man.

It also entered Shang's mind, but Shang put a stop to that after he had refilled his Death Mana storage.

With the Mage dead, the will on the Death Mana had vanished, turning it into normal Death Mana.

Sure, it was still very deadly, but Shang could control how much of it entered his body as long as he also had access to normal Mana around him.

If the Mage were still alive, Shang would have died in an instant, but since she wasn't, he could deal with the Death Mana.

A moment later, Shang fell over and broke several of his bones.

He was like an old man that was about to die.

And then, the barrier turned transparent, and everyone could see that Shang was still alive, albeit barely.