Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

When the Mage King saw that Shang was still alive, he nearly tore his hair out.

The mix of frustration, rage, anxiety, and fear was almost too much for him to bear.

He saw that Shang was still severely injured, and he knew that Shang had nearly died!

Immediately, he sent in another Mage to attack. Since an Attack Flag had to be defended for a whole hour, the Mage King wasn't worried about time.

Another Peak Ancestral Mage entered the barrier, and it turned cloudy.

The Mage Kings looked with unreal anxiety at the barrier.

They were so close!

He was nearly dead!

They could kill him!

They had to kill him!

He was an incredible danger!

Some seconds later, the barrier turned transparent again.

"AAAAAAARRRRRRGGHHHH!"

The Mage King shouted out his frustration in unending rage, shaking the entire world as he tore off huge portions of his scalp while looking at Shang with bloody eyes.

Shang had lost nearly half his body, and his body was regrowing only very slowly!

He immediately sent in the next Ancestral Mage with a fourfold Spirit Sense.

The barrier turned cloudy again, and the world waited.

Meanwhile, a different Mage King was looking at what was happening with narrowed eyes hiding a glimmer.

This was the Mage King of the Judgment Palace that had been responsible for the attack previously, and she felt like this situation was very, very familiar.

Wasn't this exactly how it had been for her?

'He's baiting again,' she thought. 'He's probably confident in being able to win, even while being this injured.'

She glanced over at the Mage King that had replaced her.Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

And then, she snorted with a smirk.

'Shouldn't have tried to replace me, asshole,' she thought in disdain while remaining silent.

She wouldn't warn her colleague.

That's what he got for being a rat!

A bit later, the barrier turned transparent again, and the Mage King felt like he had nearly died.

Shang had recovered his missing limbs, but his Aura was extremely unstable.

It was like Shang had burned parts of his soul to create a temporary boost in power!

And now, he was paying for his actions!

Shang seemed healthier than before, but this was obviously only a front!

He was actually even closer to death than before since he had just now used his last trump card!

This trump card was probably also what he had used to kill the Mage with the fivefold Spirit Sense!

The Mage King saw that he was so close to killing this menace once and for all and sent in another Peak Ancestral Mage.

He was so close!

He could already see Shang's corpse before his eyes!

He would finally kill him!

The barrier turned cloudy again, and some seconds later, it became transparent again.

The Mage King ground his teeth into dust.

Shang's Aura had stabilized somewhat, and he had recovered from some of his injuries!

Naturally, Shang knew that he couldn't act weak for too long, or it would become suspicious.

"You! Enter!" the Mage King shouted at another Peak Ancestral Mage.

The Peak Ancestral Mage looked at the Mage King with fear.

He didn't want to die!

"Immediately!" the Mage King shouted as he forcefully threw the Ancestral Mage into the barrier.

The other Ancestral Mages watched with horror, and a second later, they immediately fled.

They all ran from the frontlines toward the center of the Judgment Palace.

This was not what they had signed up for!

They were the chosen ones!

They had fourfold Spirit Senses!

They were only here because they had been assured that they could choose their opponent!

But now, one of the Mage Kings had forcefully thrown one of them toward the enemy!

The Ancestral Mages immediately started to contact their teachers, and some of them even managed to contact other Mage Kings due to their connections.

Meanwhile, the Mage King responsible for the assault looked with blood-filled eyes at the cloudy barrier.

He had to do it!

For the good of the Empire, he had to do it!

Seconds passed.

The barrier remained cloudy.

When a minute passed, nearly every remaining person near the frontlines realized what had happened.

Shang had recovered to the degree that he could buy time.

They knew that the fight would take a bit more than an hour since that was the time the Attack Flag needed to resolve.

It was over.

They had missed their best chance at killing this calamity once and for all.

And yet, the Mage King continued looking at the cloudy barrier with unmatched intensity.

He was nearly there!

His Mage would win very soon!

In just a couple of seconds, this barrier would turn transparent again and show the living Mage of the Judgment Palace.

Any second now.

Just a bit more.

Almost there.

"Ahahaha!"

The Mage King's mind nearly shattered as he heard the disgusting laughter of one of his colleagues.

The Mage King that had previously been responsible for the war was laughing at him with disdain!

At this moment, the Mage King's mind was going wild.

He was feeling so many emotions at once with such intensity that he almost stopped being a human being.

It was like he was transforming into a bundle of volatile emotions!

Reality and his entire life were crashing down around him.

She!

Him!

How could!

Fuck!

Die!

Hate!

Hate!

Die!

FUCKING DIE!

All the Mana around the Mage King gathered as he lost all rationality.

He would Kill her!

She deserved to die!

It was her fault!

DIE!

DIE DIE DIE DIE!

SHE WOULD DIE!

DIIIIIEEEE!

And then, he froze.

His unstable and volatile mind completely froze, and he completely stopped moving.

The other Mage King continued to laugh in schadenfreude, but the Mage King couldn't hear her anymore.

His mind was fully occupied by something else.

Very slowly, the Mage King summoned his Communication Crystal and looked at it.

He recognized that Aura.

Every Mage King recognized that Aura.

In the distance, the other Mage King stopped laughing and just smirked in disdain.

And then, the Mage King very slowly accepted the call from his Communication Crystal.

"How can I help you. sir?" he asked with a quiet voice.