Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

A couple of minutes later, a different Mage King arrived.

It was a woman with sensual long green hair and a beautiful smile.

At the side, the other Mage King snorted in annoyance.

"Charming as always, Stacy," the woman with the green hair said to the other Mage King.

"I take it you're now responsible for the war, Birell?" Stacy asked.

"Yes, sir has just informed me," Birell said. "Also, if I do a good job, I can nominate one of my Judges as the next Mage King!"Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

When Stacy heard that, she chuckled. "Next Mage King, huh? I guess you didn't meet Samuel on your way here?"

"No," Birell said. "I was supposed to meet him, but he 'vanished' on his way to the Judgment Palace."

"He deserved it," Stacy said with another chuckle.

"Deserved it? Come on, you're acting like he died," Birell said.

Stacy just looked at Birell with a raised brow.

"Stacy," Birell said with a slightly strict voice. "We can't assume things or suspect people without knowing the entire context. Samuel vanished, and an Inheritor Sphere with a Mage King's worth of Mana appeared in the Judgment Palace. These two incidents might not be correlated or connected, okay?"

Stacy snorted. "Sure," she said, not even trying to seem convinced.

"Good," Birell said. "Now, what's the problem with this entire war? Why can't we proceed, and why was Samuel dismissed from this position?"

Stacy just pointed at the cloudy barrier with her thumb. "The guy inside."

"The menace, right?" she asked.

Stacy nodded.

"Could you please tell me what happened in the last hour?" Birell asked.

Stacy quickly and curtly recited what had happened within the last hour. She skipped a lot of details, but Birell didn't expect Stacy to be cooperative in the first place.

Stacy was a loner that seemed to think she was too good for everyone else, treating everyone with disdain and annoyance.

Naturally, there were only two people she had to show respect to.

King Sanctified Death and the Empress of Death.

However, Stacy actually had the power to back up her arrogance.

She was one of the very few Mage Kings that could use Domain.

Not a domain but the Domain.

That was also why Stacy hadn't been afraid of King Sanctified Death killing her back when she had made so many mistakes.

Stacy was within the top ten of all Mage Kings, which showed how powerful and valuable she was.

That was also the reason why she had originally been responsible for the war.

Sadly, her conduct and lack of connection with humans made it a bit difficult to see what was going on in someone else's head.

Meanwhile, Birell was an average Mage King with a Life Affinity. Her Battle-Strength was quite weak, but she had created many ways to increase the powers of the Judgment Palace's Mages.

In a way, one could say that Birell was the Judgment Palace's equivalent of the Myriad King. She was essentially the biggest researcher in the Judgment Palace.

But compared to the old Myriad King, Birell had just begun her career. She hadn't even been a Mage King for more than 10,000 years.

"Why did he choose you?" Stacy asked after she finished recounting everything that had happened.

"From what I've heard, this menace will most likely ruin nearly all of our past efforts," Birell said. "Sir already assumes that we will be pushed back significantly, which will prolong this war for several thousand years."

"He sent me to watch over all the battles and gain insight into how warriors fight. He didn't give me explicit orders, but I know what he wants me to do."

"Who knows? Maybe I can create our own warriors," Birell said.

Stacy just shook her head.

No wonder King Sanctified Death killed Samuel.

King Sanctified Death assumed that the Judgment Palace would be pushed back significantly, ruining nearly 2,000 years' worth of progress.

That was a huge fuckup, even bigger than what Stacy had done back then.

Birell asked a couple more questions to Stacy, and Stacy gave very curt answers every time.

Eventually, the cloudy barrier turned transparent, and everyone could see Shang again.

Nobody was surprised that Shang was still alive, and they also weren't surprised to see him fully healed.

A moment later, the barrier vanished, and the territory switched Empires.

"We only have one Defender Flag remaining," Stacy told Birell. "Don't lose that one as well."

Birell didn't answer.

In fact, she didn't even hear Stacy.

As soon as Birell saw Shang, she was shocked.

Since Birell had a Life Affinity, she could immediately see that Shang's soul was far from normal.

In fact, it was heavily injured, with around 15% of it completely missing!

How could someone with an incomplete soul reach so much power?!

"How very interesting," Birell muttered to herself.

Stacy just rolled her eyes.

Meanwhile, Shang took out his Transmission Medal without moving.

Due to the nature of the Transmission Medals, Shang didn't need to conceal them from the enemy. The connection couldn't be read by anyone other than the owner of the Transmission Medal.

"What next?" Shang asked as he established a connection with the Starlight Queen.

"I need you to create a tendril, Young Master Shang. Please, proceed to the territory south of your current one and capture it. I don't believe Young Master Shang will meet with any resistance," the Starlight Queen said.

Shang nodded and put the Transmission Medal away as he flew towards the south.

Then, he put an Attack Flag down.

Naturally, nobody dared to attack Shang's flag.

An hour later, Shang conquered the territory.

After the barrier vanished, a portal suddenly opened in front of Shang, and he could feel the Starlight Queen's intent for him to step through it.

Shang stepped through the portal and shot into the barrier that had appeared in front of him.

This was the Attack Flag from a Peak Ancestral Mage from the Judgment Palace.

Naturally, Shang did quick work of the occupant.

Another portal opened, and Shang entered it.

Over the next couple of seconds, Shang destroyed several Attack Flags.

Birell very quickly realized how big of a problem Shang was.

As long as Shang was present, she couldn't use Peak Ancestral Mages to attack.

She was restricted to the other four levels of Ancestral Mages.

Sure enough, the menace was a menace.