Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The eastern border of the Judgment Palace was attacked by the Tower of Climate Empire.

The Tower of Climate was located east of the Judgment Palace, in the middle eastern part of Aterium.

When the Lightning Emperor had destroyed so much of the world about 2,000 years ago, his act had also destroyed quite a big part of the Tower of Climate.

Naturally, Jenny Greenhouse, the Climate Empress, wasn't happy about having been dragged into this entire mess.

Kali had killed one of Gregorio's Mage Kings, and because of that, Jenny had lost such a huge part of her Empire?

That was unfair and stupid!

This was something that only concerned Kali and Gregorio, but she had to pay the price because of their argument.

Naturally, Jenny wasn't interested in eradicating the Judgment Palace.

She just wanted to conquer enough of the Judgment Palace that her Empire returned to its old size. The Judgment Palace had the most land anyway since they had originally had two Emperors.

But hey, now they only had one Emperor, and Jenny deserved this land. Kali was the one that had started all of this, and she should pay reparations.

Sure, Jenny was more inclined to actually demand land from Gregorio, but the Lightning Manor was on nearly the other side of the world.

She couldn't attack the Lightning Manor from here.

So, the next best thing had been to give everyone time to deal with Gregorio.

For 2,000 years, the Lightning Manor had been besieged by three other Empires, who could all fully focus on attacking the Lightning Manor without any other worries.

That should have been terrible for the Lightning Manor.

But now, the Climate Empress wanted her land back, and she decided that it was time to attack the Judgment Palace.

Naturally, the Judgment Palace immediately demanded to know what was going on.

The representative of the Tower of Climate simply told them what his Empress had told him.

Obviously, the Judgment Palace wasn't happy with that.

They had lost just as much land in the process!

On top of that, they had never attacked or antagonized the Tower of Climate!

Lastly, they were all sacrificing their resources and lives to punish the one true culprit of this entire ordeal, the Lightning Emperor.

The three Empires were sacrificing their people for the good of the world. The fact that none of them demanded support from the other Empires for their sacrifices was already generous and benevolent.

The Tower of Climate was way out of line and focused on small and unimportant problems instead of the big problem that was the Lightning Manor!

That was how the Judgment Palace argued.

Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

The Tower of Climate countered by saying that they weren't ignoring the Lightning Manor. After all, they weren't planning on weakening, threatening, or destroying the Judgment Palace.

They would just take the eastern 10% of the Judgment Palace and would stop advancing.

The Judgment Palace only had to hand over these territories by not defending them, and everything would return to normal.

The Judgment Palace wouldn't even lose a single Mage.

The Judgement Palace was also allowed to pull back all the Mages living there and move the towns and cities if they wanted to. The Tower of Climate only wanted the land.

Naturally, the Judgment Palace said that they had lost just as much land as the Tower of Climate and didn't ask for their portion of the missing land.

Additionally, it wasn't them that destroyed the world but the Lightning Emperor.

They were not responsible for the Lightning Emperor's actions, and they wouldn't sacrifice their own land for the Lightning Emperor's sins.

But the Tower of Climate just said that they would take the land, no matter what the Judgment Palace said.

Eventually, this escalated to such a degree that the Judgment Palace even informed the Empress of Death.

Kali contacted Jenny and asked her what was going on.

Jenny just smiled and told Kali that she owed her about 10% of her Empire in reparations for her deeds.

Kali just snorted and said that she hadn't started this entire thing. It hadn't been her that had killed Gregorio's Mage King.

Naturally, Jenny didn't believe Kali. After all, she had admitted it back then.

Surprisingly, the argument only continued for a couple of seconds.

That was due to Kali's uncaring, cold, and prideful demeanor.

The argument very quickly ended with, "If you want it, take it with force."

As the publicly acknowledged second strongest in Lucius' little group, Kali also had her own pride and viewed herself as superior to all other Emperors.

Even though Gregorio had proven himself as the actual second strongest 2,000 years ago, Kali still viewed herself as stronger than all the other Emperors.

So what if Jenny decided to launch a war against her Empire?

Kali's Empire was the strongest, and she was confident that her Empire would win.

And with that, a brutal war between the Judgment Palace and the Tower of Climate began.

Naturally, the other Emperors very quickly got involved and tried to stop this war. They all had the same enemy, and they couldn't allow Jenny to attack the Judgment Palace.

Jenny just said that Kali and Gregorio had destroyed a huge chunk of her Empire, and she just wanted it to return to how it was before.

The other Emperors said that they understood where Jenny was coming from, but the actual culprit was Gregorio. Sure, Kali also had part of the blame, but Gregorio was the one that had actually destroyed part of the world.

"Oh, so you acknowledge that Kali shares part of the blame. Great! Then, I will take 10% of Kali's Empire, and Kali can take whatever she wants from Gregorio."

More arguing ensued.

"I want land equivalent to 10% of the Judgment Palace. I don't care where it comes from. If you are so adamant about defending Kali, why don't you two share the pain and give me 3%

of your Empires while Kali gives me 3% of hers?" Jenny asked Bina Ching and Linastra Boomwitch.

Now, Bina and Linastra were not known for being nice and agreeable. Bina was an ice-cold and ruthless person, while Linastra exploded in unreasonable anger all the time.

Obviously, the two of them immediately shut down that idea.

The argument ended with no resolution.

Jenny continued attacking the Judgment Palace while everyone else just told her to stop.

However, they didn't use any force to stop her.

And the war continued.