Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Shang felt a bit nervous about this entire thing, but there was nothing he could do.

The Lightning Emperor was so powerful that nothing Shang could do would influence anything.

Even if Shang sacrificed his entire body to Entropy, he wouldn't be able to even scratch the Lightning Emperor.

If Shang sacrificed his entire body, he might be able to heavily injure a Mage King, but that was it.

Heavily injure.

The more powerful Shang became, the less powerful his Entropy became.

Well, that wasn't entirely correct.

His powers of Entropy had always had the same power.

It was just that Shang's Battle-Strength reached such incredible heights that the difference between his Battle-Strength and the power of Entropy had shrunken by quite a bit.

At the Peak of the General Stage, Shang could have sacrificed an eye to kill a Peak Commander Stage warrior or Peak True Mage.

That was one attack that would kill someone an entire Realm above him.

Back then, this had been crazy powerful.

Now?

Shang could kill a Peak Mage Lord, but in order to kill an Initial Mage King, he would probably need to sacrifice an entire arm, and Initial Mage Kings basically didn't exist.

From what Shang had heard, all the Mage Kings received enough Mana in the inheritance to reach the Peak Mage King Realm.

Shang couldn't kill someone like that.

Shang was unstoppable in the Sixth Realm, and he could probably also win against an average Mid Mage Lord.

But the average Late Mage Lord would be very, very difficult to defeat just due to the sheer difference in quality.

The average Mage Lord had a twofold Spirit Sense already.

As for the average Peak Mage Lord?

Impossible.

And then, there were all the talented Mage Lords.

So, while Shang's Entropy didn't feel as impressive as it felt back then, it was still quite a bit stronger than his actual power.

After all, Entropy could kill even a Peak Mage Lord with a fourfold Spirit Sense, but it would require quite a sacrifice.

Shang thought about his powers of Entropy for quite a bit.

With the revelation that Lucius' powers had been different, Shang had come to a conclusion.

Lucius' powers were not just different but different in an inferior way.

Shang's powers of Entropy compared to Lucius' power of Entropy, before Lucius had become a Mage Lord, were objectively superior.

So, what was the difference between Lucius and Shang?

Why were Shang's powers superior?

There was only one difference.

The Bloodline Infusion.

Shang's body had been fused with an actual Abomination.

Lucius' body had been 100% human from beginning to end.

This little operation created by a weak True Path Stage warrior had given Shang powers that made him superior to the most powerful Mage that had ever existed.

What a weird and unexpected turn of events.

'I don't know if the Lightning Emperor suspects me of being the Child of Calamity or not, but there's nothing I can do. For now, I can only enter the Trial of Want and try to find a way to comprehend the mysterious level five Concept of Entropy.'

After around an hour, Shang arrived in the Hibye for the first time in a long while.

The Hibye had become more crowded than the last time Shang had been here.

It seemed like the Lightning Manor was slowly recovering.

But Shang didn't exactly care about all of this and simply shot through the Hibye.

No one paid any attention to Shang.

Everyone knew of the Ancestral Hero, but the Ancestral Hero never appeared in public.

So, nobody was actually paying attention and thinking that the Ancestral Hero could be right beside them right now.

Eventually, Shang arrived in front of the Trial of Want.

As always, there were two Bolts guarding the entrance.

Shang walked over to the entrance.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

For a second, the two Bolts looked at Shang and wanted to ask why he was here, but their eyes widened in shock when they saw the pin on Shang's chest.

They had never seen this pin before, but their Thunders reminded them regularly about what this pin meant and what they should do if they met the owner.

The two Bolts talked to each other via voice transmission at rapid speeds.

Eventually, the two Bolts stepped to the side, not saying anything.

According to the rules, they were not allowed to start a conversation with the owner of the pin.

Their instructions were to let him pass without interacting with him.

From the outside, the Trial of Want looked like a door that led into a green hill. It looked neither luxurious nor grand.

It was just a simple door.

Shang reached the door and pushed.

The door didn't budge.

"Open it," Shang ordered coldly.

One of the two Bolts cast a quick Spell, and a rune in the middle of the door lit up.

A moment later, the doors opened.

Shang just nodded and entered the Trial of Want.

As the door closed behind Shang, the two Bolts just looked at each other.

Then, one of the Bolts took out a Transmission Medal and contacted his Thunder.

After a short exchange, the Thunder told the Bolts that they had acted correctly.

The Thunder then contacted Amarius and told him that Shang had entered the Trial of Want.

Amarius thanked the Thunder for the information and told Wester about it.

Wester made a mental note.

It was important to know where Shang was at all times.

Wester informed the Mage Kings responsible for the war about where Shang had gone, and the Mage Kings quickly prepared themselves.

The Trial of Want could take anywhere from one year to a thousand years, depending on the reward.

The trial itself wasn't as long. It was just that sometimes, people needed to comprehend something in the trial, which would take a while.

They could only hope that Shang wouldn't take too long.

In the worst case, they would need to hold out for a thousand years.

That would be very difficult but doable.

It would just be very, very expensive.

Meanwhile, after Shang entered the Trial of Want, he entered a small hall with an elaborately designed fountain in the middle.

The fountain was filled with blood.