Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Shang left the room and entered another long hallway.

By now, he had been inside the trial for around 150 years, proving once again that the trial Shang was undertaking was very different from others.

Usually, the trial portion of the Trial of Want only took a couple of years at most. Most of the time, a person would be done within a year.

And yet, Shang had been undertaking trials for 150 years.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Eventually, Shang reached the next room, and this time, there was no transparent cube hovering in the middle.

Instead, Shang saw a person standing there, but based on the person's aura and their lifeless expression, they were probably not alive or not even a human.

The person in front of Shang was a tall man with blue hair and icy blue armor, carrying a long spear.

The skin of his face looked like jade, which was accurate since his skin wasn't actually skin. It was literally some kind of soft metal.

The room was five kilometers wide, which essentially put both of them in melee range.

"Prove your strength!" the man said with an artificial voice as he readied his spear. "Prove that you can win against an Early Weapon Lord in a disadvantageous arena!"

'So, a jump of two levels," Shang thought. 'I've never fought a Weapon Master before.'

Shang just waited since he wanted to see how Weapon Masters fought.

A moment later, nine additional weapons appeared behind the man.

Spear, sword, saber, dagger, club, axe, lance, bow, halberd, shield.

Then, the weapons assumed a formation. The huge shield was on the front, with the short weapons right beside it. The longer weapons looked down from above, and the bow was far in the distance. The dagger was behind the shield.

"HUAGH!" the man shouted as he charged towards Shang.

And then, all of his weapons attacked at the same time. It was almost like Shang was attacked by something with ten arms.

DINGDINGDINGDINGDING!

Shang rapidly moved his Subsis around, blocking every single strike.

Even though Shang's opponent was two levels above him, the power behind his attacks was only as powerful as Shang's attacks. The speed of every individual attack was also only a bit slower than Shang's attack.

However, there were many weapons attacking at the same time.

Shang had to use all of his speed to keep this defense intact, but he wasn't really worried.

He was only using his Subsis right now, and he hadn't even launched an attack. He was just defending.

As the man kept attacking, Shang analyzed his fighting style.

'Weak offense. Even though he's a physical fighter, he actually isn't fighting with his body at all. His body is just standing behind his weapons as his Spirit attacks with the weapons. If he actually attacked with his body, I would need to evade.'

"Nevertheless, the frequency of his attacks is quite shocking. I can imagine him turning a beast on his level into mincemeat.'

Suddenly, the formation of the weapons changed, and they seemed to create an image of a huge jaw.

BOOOOM!

Shang blocked the huge attack with his Addum, and he still felt himself get pushed back by quite a bit.

"Interesting. So, he can also combine the different powers of his weapons. He has diversity, high frequency of attacks, and a very destructive attack. Additionally, his weapons protect him very well.'

'But all in all, it isn't that impressive. I never even fought one, and I can defend against him. I think if I had more practice with fighting Weapon Masters, killing a Weapon Master would still be easier than killing a Mage.'

The next moment, the guy prepared another attack, but this time, Shang exploded forward.

BANG!

Shang's Addum broke the diagram, throwing the weapons in all directions.

As Shang continued flying, the dagger and an arrow shot at him, which he quickly blocked with two small movements of his Subsis.

BANG!

Then, Shang kicked the Weapon Master's chest, and it exploded in a shower of gore, scattering pieces of his flesh across half the hall.

"His body is strikingly weak. I didn't even use Void Break,' Shang thought. 'I guess Weapon Masters don't use their bodies. What a weird concept. A physical fighter that does not use their body.'

But the next moment, the chest of the Weapon Master regrew fully.

Shang was a slight bit surprised. 'Oh? A warrior body?"

The Weapon Master prepared another attack.

SHING!

But Shang's Subsis impaled his brain.

All the floating weapons fell to the ground, and the body of the Weapon Master lost all strength.

A moment later, the door of the hall opened, and Shang continued.

"Weapon Masters are a bit underwhelming,' Shang thought as he passed through another long hallway.

When Shang entered the next room, he saw another artificial human, but this one wore extremely heavy armor with a huge axe.

In comparison to the Weapon Master, this one's body seemed to be several times stronger. On top of that, his armor probably also blocked an insane amount of power.

"Prove your strength," the man said. "Defeat an Early Barbarian Lord in a disadvantageous arena."

Shang looked around and noticed that the hall was barely a kilometer wide.

Shang just readied his Addum.

The next moment, the Barbarian charged forward and attacked Shang with his humongous axe.

BOOOOM! BOOOM!

Shang's body was thrown away, and his back hit the wall.

The body of the Barbarian was way stronger than his.

The Barbarian quickly shot after Shang and attacked again, but Shang just evaded to the side by activating Comet.

The Barbarian's body also made him frighteningly fast, but Shang could still rival his speed.

That was enough.

Shang was nimble enough to avoid all the attacks.

'Quite a bit more problematic than a Weapon Master," Shang thought as he continued evading. 'Although, using all of one's latent potential is far easier for a Barbarian than for a Weapon Master. Barbarians just attack very directly, based on what I'm seeing, and they can push the power of their bodies only so much.'

'I can imagine that a talented Weapon Master can become quite a bit stronger than a talented Barbarian."

'I wonder how strong his defense is.'

Shang slightly swung his Subsis.

CRRRRK!

A small white crack appeared on the Barbarian's shoulder plate.

Shang had only used his Spirit Sense to attack, the attack that allowed him to attack from 3,000 kilometers away.

'Armor is quite hard,' Shang thought.

TCH!

A bloody gash opened on the Barbarian's exposed cheek, but Shang's attack didn't damage the cheekbone.

"His armor is more resilient than his body, but that's to be expected.'

SHING!

The next moment, Shang's Subsis stabbed through the Barbarian's head.

If Shang had stabbed the Barbarian's chest like this, he would have probably only cracked a rib due to the armor. Sadly, the Barbarian didn't wear a helmet.

Shang left the room again and entered another long hallway.

In the next room, Shang saw a huge red-haired man that looked quite similar to the Barbarian.

However, this huge man did not wear any armor, and Shang could also feel that this man's body was weaker than the Barbarian's.

"Prove your strength," the man said, taking out two one-handed axes. "Win against an Early Berserker Lord in a disadvantageous arena."

'Berserker, huh?"