Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Shang's logic was simple.

Lucius had had a sixfold Spirit Sense.

King Sanctified Death had a sixfold Spirit Sense.

The God probably also had a sixfold Spirit Sense.

So, the only surefire way to get past all of them was to attain a sevenfold Spirit Sense.

Shang only had about 850 years of longevity left, but this risk was exactly why anyone else wouldn't have made this choice.

The three other people had gone through a similar transformation, and if Shang wanted a true shot at pushing his Path to the extreme, he needed to do more than anyone else.

Especially since he was now missing an arm.

After everything had stopped, Shang took note of his surroundings.

Everything felt different.

Shang couldn't only sense the Fire, Ice, Light, Darkness, and Death Mana even clearer than before, but he could also feel the other kinds of Mana with clarity.

He could feel the Earth, Wind, Water, Lightning, Metal, Space, Time, Gravity, and even a tiny bit of Life Mana.

Shang knew what had happened.

Previously, Shang had had 100% Affinity for Fire, Ice, Light, and Darkness, about 80% for Death, and about 10% for everything else.

Now, Shang had about 150% Affinity for Fire, Ice, Light, and Darkness, about 130% for Death, and about 60% for everything else.

Shang didn't gain every Affinity, but he was now quite perceptive for every kind of Mana.

Additionally, Shang's mind had strengthened quite a bit.

It didn't completely reach the level of an Initial Mage Lord, but it was at least double as powerful as the mind of a Peak Ancestral Mage.

'Sure enough, the difference between a Mage with a fivefold Spirit Sense and one with a sixfold Spirit Sense is massive,' Shang thought.

Lucius and King Sanctified Death had most likely gone through the same transformation.

How powerful could someone like King Sanctified Death become after going through such a transformation?

Shang had expected that he had been more powerful than King Sanctified Death before going through this transformation, but he now realized that he had been overconfident. 

How many powerful Spells did King Sanctified Death create?

How many Concepts had he comprehended?

The number was probably beyond shocking.

In fact…

King Sanctified Death probably knew even more Concepts than some Mage Emperors.

Once more, Shang realized that he had made the correct choice.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

For now, this choice had put him at great risk since he only had 850 years left, but if he managed to get past that, this choice would pay dividends forever.

Shang had entered this place about 250 years ago, and in these 250 years, he had completely transformed.

Not only had he gained an even more terrifying Affinity, but he had also comprehended the Concept of Transformation.

The powers of the Concept of Transformation were even more powerful than Shang had expected.

WHOOOM!

Shang activated his Domain of Entropy, and all the Mana around him vanished.

Yes, it didn't turn into Neutral Mana.

It vanished!

And to top it all off, Shang didn't need to sacrifice life energy.

Sadly, Shang's Domain of Entropy couldn't stretch across his entire Spirit Sense.

Shang could only turn so much Mana into fuel to destroy other Mana at once.

If he wanted to use it at peak efficiency, it would only stretch for about ten meters.

Yes, ten meters, not ten kilometers.

It was pitifully small, but its power was insanely high.

Shang estimated that he could stand still, and every Spell an average Initial Mage Lord shot at him would turn into nothingness before touching him.

On top of that, Shang could also control his Domain of Entropy to only destroy Mana with a will on it.

This meant that Shang could use his Void Break without any danger since he would only absorb the Mana without a will on it.

Lastly, Shang could also make it so that his Domain of Entropy turned Elemental Mana into Neutral Mana. He didn't necessarily need to destroy the Mana.

He could if he wanted to, but he didn't need to.

However, that was only one part of the Concept of Transformation's power.

Fire, Ice, Light, and Darkness were like four dots.

The Concept of Temperatures was a line that went from Fire to Ice.

The Concept of Twilight was a line that went from Light to Darkness.

The Concept of Addition was a line that went from Fire to Light.

The Concept of Subtraction was a line that went from Ice to Darkness.

All of these things created a square.

And the Concept of Transformation?

It hovered above everything in the middle, and it connected to the four Affinities.

The two-dimensional square had turned into a three-dimensional pyramid.

Earlier, one point had only been connected to two other points but not to all three.

Fire couldn't directly go to Darkness, and Light couldn't go to Ice, for example.

But Transformation could reach everything, and everything could reach Transformation.

Shang could now turn any of his four kinds of Mana and Neutral Mana into any of his other four kinds of Mana or Neutral Mana.

Except for Death Mana, Shang could essentially use and transform five different kinds of Mana into anything he needed.

On top of that, his Domain of Entropy could turn other kinds of Mana into Neutral Mana, which he could then transform into Mana he could use.

Shang remembered his fight against Mervin in the Trial after he fled from the Grandmountain Kingdom's Mages.

Mervin had attacked Shang in many different ways, and Shang hadn't been able to find an answer that allowed him to block all these attacks at the same time.

Then, Shang had managed to create an answer to all these attacks by creating four different Paths with four different weapons, but the problem had then been that he couldn't use all of them at once.

After that, Shang found a way to give an answer to everything, but he needed two swords.

But now, with the Concept of Transformation, Shang could answer everything with one sword.

As long as he created a fitting sword and fitting fighting style.

If he wanted, he could increase the size of his sword by using Ice Mana and increase the weight of it with Light Mana, allowing him to make use of devastating attacks while also essentially acting as a shield.

But Shang could also just rapidly move a tiny sword if he wanted.

And to top it all off, all manners of swords Shang could create could use all four of his Affinities.

Back then, Shang hadn't been able to think of a way to ever combine four different fighting styles into one.

It had taken over 4,000 years, but he had done it.

The Concept of Transformation.

Finally, Shang could create a Path that included all of his powers.