

Shang just continued charging forward without stopping. It was almost like all these Spells didn't exist.

He didn't even evade to the side as all the Spells reached him.

WHOOOOOM!

But then, Shang's surroundings turned black.

Everything around Shang vanished.

Fire Mana, Ice Mana, Space Mana, Time Mana, Death Mana, Life Mana, and even Neutral Mana completely vanished.

Shang was literally permanently destroying part of the world right now.

The Domain of Entropy.

Or, more accurately, the True Domain of Entropy!

With the Concept of Transformation, Shang had finally gained the same Domain that Abominations used, something that not even Lucius had managed to attain.

And if there was one thing Abominations were known for, it was their sheer power.

If an Ancestral Abomination fought, it could even fight Mage Lords, and if it exploded, it could even injure Mage Kings.

Could this Mage Lord in front of Shang kill a Peak Ancestral Abomination?

Whoop! Whoop! Whoop!

All the Spells that had been launched at Shang vanished.

Of course not. 

This Mage Lord couldn't possibly kill a Peak Ancestral Abomination.

The Mage Lord's eyes widened in shock and disbelief.

What?

Where had all her Spells gone?!

She had just launched over 20 Spells of the Initial Mage Lord Realm!

How could her Spells all vanish?!

Ironically enough, the very thing that made this Mage Lord unbeatable in the Initial Mage Lord Realm was perfectly countered by Shang's Domain of Entropy.

The Mage Lord overwhelmed her opponents with quantities of Mana. Fighting her was like fighting 20 Initial Mage Lords at once.

But that didn't matter to Shang.

Shang's Domain of Entropy didn't care about quantity.

It only cared about quality and density.

Shang's Domain of Entropy could be compared to Earth's atmosphere during a meteorite shower.

It didn't make a difference whether there were two or two billion meteors. If the meteors were not big and resilient enough, they would all burn into nothingness.

Yet, just one slightly bigger meteor would get through.

What was more damaging?

A ten-centimeter-wide meteor or a billion one-centimeter-wide meteors?

Naturally, a billion slightly smaller meteors would be vastly more devastating.

But when they all hit Earth's atmosphere, only the single bigger meteor would ever hit the ground.

Shang's Domain of Entropy worked like that, and because of that, all of the Spells had been turned into nothing, even though the Mana that had been exhibited was greater than the entire Mana reserve of an Early Mage Lord.

SHING! SHING! SHING!

In an instant, Shang used several Mana Steps, stopping directly in front of the shocked Mage Lord.

Surprisingly, Shang hadn't even fully used half of his Mana.

Shang's mind had become more powerful, and with it, Shang's storage of Mana inside his mind had also increased.

Shang's Domain of Entropy surrounded the Mage Lord, and her face turned white as she noticed that her Mana was being consumed at an absolutely terrifying rate!

It was like a powerful Fire Mage was shooting a concentrated beam of fire at her Mana Shield!

When she realized what was happening, the Domain of Entropy had already consumed 30% of her Mana!

And Shang?

Shang just stood in front of her.

Doing nothing!

The Mage rapidly cast a Mana Step.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

In the time it took her to cast a Mana Step, she had lost another 30% of her Mana!

She had lost 60% of her Mana just because Shang was standing in front of her!

And as her Mana shot out to create an anchor point in the distance for Mana Step…

It vanished.

Nothing could leave the destructive Domain of Abominations.

No Mana Step, Spell, person, or even a Spirit Sense.

As long as these things didn't reach the standard of an Early Mage Lord, they couldn't survive the Domain of Entropy.

At this moment, the Mage Lord was imprisoned in a world of darkness that she couldn't escape from.

She could only throw one last glance of horror at the expressionless Shang.

Her Mana Shield vanished.

And then, she vanished.

She had died to the Domain of Abominations, just like many powerful Mages before her.

However, this Domain was different.

The Mage Lord hadn't noticed it, but the Mana that Shang had been consuming when he had appeared in front of her didn't disappear.

Instead, every bit of Mana the Mage Lord had lost inside Shang's Domain of Entropy, including her Mana Shield and body, had turned into Neutral Mana, which had been pushed into the surroundings.

Since she had been imprisoned in a world of darkness, she couldn't see the storm of Neutral Mana that had spread throughout the barrier and beyond.

In fact, the watching people had noticed that an extremely dense storm of Neutral Mana had shot out of the barrier, and they were quite perplexed by that.

The reason why Shang had done this was straightforward.

A Mage King would notice if all the Mana stored inside a Mage Lord vanished from the world.

Whenever Shang killed someone, their Mana remained in the world.

It was stored in body parts, droplets of blood, a scattering soul, ash, or just directly returned to the world to return as Neutral Mana.

Naturally, the breakdown of this kind of Mana took a while, and it didn't create a storm of Mana.

Nevertheless, the Mage Kings could feel the presence of that Mana.

And if all the Mana of the Mage Lord had vanished, they would immediately become shocked and ask questions.

Deleting Mana?

That was something only Abominations could do!

And maybe the Lightning Emperor.

But as long as the Mana remained, regardless of form, the Mage Kings wouldn't connect Shang to the Abominations.

And yet, that wouldn't reduce their shock by much.

After all, Shang had just killed a fourfold Initial Mage Lord that had been loaded with unfair weapons.

Luckily, the Mage Kings didn't see in which way Shang had won, or they would have immediately planned to kill him, regardless of the cost!

An Initial Mage Lord with a fourfold Spirit Sense, someone an entire level above Shang.

Equipped with hundreds of one-time-use Spells.

Had lost to Shang.

And Shang hadn't even drawn his weapon!