Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

In front of Shang were humongous mountains, which were piercing the lightning-filled clouds.

Lightning exploded everywhere, and Shang could barely see any flora.

But the fauna definitely didn't disappoint.

Shang could feel many Archbeasts and a couple of Ancestral Beasts.

Shang immediately knew where this was.

'The Thunder King's island,' Shang thought.

The Thunder King was the Beast King that lived on the most northwestern island of the world, and it was part of the Lightning Manor's territories.

Naturally, the Thunder King couldn't possibly resist the Lightning Manor, so he could only go along with whatever the Lightning Manor wanted from him.

Luckily, the Lightning Manor wasn't very exploitative, and they actually had quite a good relationship with the Thunder King's island.

Many Sparks and Boltlings were allowed to travel to this place and fight the beasts, but there were rules in place that stopped extremely powerful beasts from killing them but also stopped the humans from exploiting the beasts.

Beasts were not nearly as ambitious as humans. As long as they could become stronger and could find a safe place to retreat, they wouldn't care for more.

Since Beast Lords were about as smart as humans, they also knew that humans vastly outclassed and outnumbered them.

This actually made them thankful to the Lightning Manor since it stopped humans from completely eradicating the island.

So, the Beast Lords were quite loyal to the Lightning Manor, and they were not interested in any sort of offer or bribe from another Empire.

They had food, their own place, and could fight in peace.

Even if every single Beast Lord saw Shang's powers, they wouldn't tell any human that didn't belong to the Lightning Manor.

On top of that, there were plenty of Peak Beast Lords to choose from.

An average Peak Beast Lord was about as powerful as an average Mid Mage Lord, but one had to keep in mind that an average Mid Mage Lord had a twofold Spirit Sense.

Fighting a Late Mage Lord for Shang would be extremely difficult, and there was a high chance of death for him.

Fighting a Mid Mage Lord was still difficult, but Shang would very likely win.

So, fighting a Peak Beast Lord was exactly what Shang needed, especially since beasts fought with their bodies.

The Lightning Emperor didn't tell Shang what to do, but Shang could guess what he should do.

Shang flew towards the northwest, towards the middle of the Thunder King's island.

On his way, Shang saw many Ancestral Beasts and even some Beast Lords, but none of them attacked him.

Shang didn't wear the enchanted amulet of someone that was here to fight in the wilderness, but he had the Aura of a Transmission Medal on him.

This meant that Shang belonged to the Lightning Manor but wasn't here to fight, which meant that he was here to meet someone.

If Shang didn't own a Transmission Medal, all the Beast Lords around him would have attacked in unison since he would be counted as an invader.

Naturally, there were some people that snuck onto the Thunder King's island to illegally kill rare and powerful beasts, but these people were very few.

If anyone that didn't belong to the Lightning Manor entered without wearing the special amulet, the beasts would alarm every other beast, and several Beast Lords would quickly arrive to deal with it.

Being a poacher was a very dangerous profession in this place.

After flying for a while, Shang felt something extremely powerful looking at him.

Naturally, this was the Thunder King, but Shang was too far away to see it.

Shang continued flying toward the northwest until he found his target.

The Thunder King.

The Thunder King looked surprisingly normal.

A purple eagle perched on the tip of the tallest mountain of the island. The eagle was barely five-meters-high, but the Lightning Mana flowing out from it was responsible for the most intense lightning storms in the middle 100,000 kilometers of the island.

The other lightning storms on the island were the product of the many Beast Lords with Lightning Affinities.

Except for its color and size, the eagle looked almost like a normal eagle.

Five-meter-tall beasts even existed at the Soldier Stage and were very common at the General Stage.

Compared to the Hadean King, the Thunder King didn't seem nearly as impressive.

However, Shang could tell that the Thunder King was stronger than the Hadean King.

The Thunder King had this special Aura of a supreme genius on it, something Shang had never felt before on a beast.

Additionally, Shang had felt its gaze on him when he had been around 400,000 kilometers away from it.

A beast with a fourfold Spirit Sense?

Shang had never even heard of that.

Due to its appearance, Shang was naturally reminded of the Storm Eagle.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Shang still remembered how he had felt when the gigantic Storm Eagle had shot over Warrior's Paradise.

And yet, the Thunder King was incomparably more powerful than the Storm Eagle from back then.

Shang could annihilate the Storm Eagle with a flick of his finger.

And the Thunder King could do the same to Shang.

As Shang looked at the Thunder King, he realized something.

The chances were quite high that Shang was actually standing before the most powerful beast in the entire world.

But how had this beast become this powerful?

Shang hadn't even heard of a beast with a twofold Spirit Sense.

So, how could there be one with a fourfold one?

"Are you that surprised?"

Shang was pulled out of his thoughts as he heard the Thunder King's transmission.

The Thunder King slowly turned its head to look at the distant Shang.

"The Lightning Emperor told me to come here," Shang answered.

"I know," the Thunder King transmitted.

The next moment, all the Mana for thousands of kilometers vanished, and Shang's mind became shocked.

Then, a huge barrier appeared at the foot of the mountain, over a hundred kilometers wide.

It was an Isolation Barrier!

And the reason why the Mana had vanished?

Void Casting!

Finally, Shang understood how the Thunder King achieved such a powerful Spirit Sense!

This eagle was a Mage!