Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Shang's fight against the first beast was a rough one.

Naturally, Shang didn't use his full power since he couldn't even let a beast see his True Domain of Entropy.

Beasts hated Abominations just as much as humans, and if a beast saw that Shang was actually using the power of the Abominations, it might actually decide to kill him.

Shang had lost an arm, which had dropped his Battle-Strength by quite a bit, but thanks to his Domain of Entropy, his Battle-Strength had soared again.

Yet, without access to the Domain of Entropy, Shang's Battle-Strength reduced again.

This made this battle almost as difficult as an actual life-and-death battle. Sure, if necessary, Shang could use a bit of his Domain of Entropy, but it was a risk.

So, Shang wasn't in real danger as long as he wasn't forced to use his Domain of Entropy.

As for the tiny Domain of Entropy on his sword, nobody would connect that to the Abominations.

Almost all Mages wore clothing and trinkets that pulled Mana from the surroundings to them to increase the recovery rate of their Mana. It was so normal that nobody even talked about it.

It was as natural as having two arms and two eyes.

Shang's small Domain of Entropy didn't seem any different from those trinkets.

Even though the fight was very difficult, Shang still won in the end.

Shang unleashed his Sword Heart and hit the horse's neck, cutting it up to the bone.

Naturally, since Shang's sword had been filled with Fire Mana with an extreme of heat, it would have cut through the neck of the horse if he didn't stop it.

The horse's body was incredibly tough since it was nearly an entire Realm above Shang, but a melee attack filled with a void break of Fire Mana was extremely powerful as well.

The horse froze when the hole appeared in its neck.

"I won," Shang transmitted to it from a distance.

The horse didn't move for several seconds.

Then, it bowed its head and walked out of the Isolation Barrier without hesitation.

"Send only Late Beast Lords for now," Shang said.

The Thunder King didn't answer.

As Shang waited for his next opponent, he thought about the previous battle.

'If I had access to both my arms or my new Domain of Entropy, I could fight a Peak Beast Lord, but with neither of them, I'm stuck with Late Beast Lords.'

'I've overestimated my power a bit.'

After a couple of minutes, the next beast entered the Isolation Barrier.

Surprisingly, this one didn't have a Lightning Affinity.

It had a Water and Wind Affinity, but it wasn't actually that surprising to meet such a beast here.

Yes, this was an island filled with beasts with Lightning Affinities, but it was also surrounded by the Eternal Ocean. 

Naturally, beasts with Water Affinities were abundant in the Eternal Ocean. Additionally, the violent lightning and the high mountains created powerful storms.

There were probably a couple of beast types that lived on the shores of the island. 300,000 years was long enough for plenty of different beasts to appear.

The new beast was a fish with sharp fins, which was just floating near the edge of the Isolation Barrier.

Shang wasn't sure if he had ever seen a fish outside of water, even though they obviously could live on land. 

Shang assumed that they probably just preferred living and fighting underwater since land beasts didn't have it as easy fighting in the water.

Of course, there were also disadvantages for fish fighting on land. Due to their lack of legs, they couldn't accelerate explosively or rapidly switch directions.

However, during the fight, Shang noticed something.

As soon as the fight started, two slits appeared on the fish's belly, revealing two bird legs.

Then, its fins extended out of its body until they turned into scaly wings.

Lastly, its teeth grew at an angle until they formed a sharp beak.

However, its thick fish neck didn't change, making it seem like its bird head came out of its torso.

It had transformed into a weird bird.

A fish that could transform into a bird…

As soon as it transformed, Shang noticed that it was shockingly fast, and he was forced to rapidly swing his sword just to deal with its advances.

Additionally, its weird beak teeth were brutally hard, and it parried Shang's attacks like it was carrying a powerful spear.

Luckily, Shang's newest sword style could deal with every kind of enemy. It was explicitly designed to fight every kind of opponent that could possibly exist.

It had been a while since Shang had fought such an opponent.

Shang felt like he was fighting a powerful warrior.

Over the next seconds, Shang used Infection to scatter several spots filled with Death Mana on the fish bird's body.

Then, Shang fully focused on defending.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

If Shang had used the Concept of Purgatory, he could have probably won very quickly since the fish bird was fighting with its teeth beak, which was part of its head.

However, Shang wasn't here to win but to increase the power of his sword style.

Shang had decided that he would gain enough momentum to reach the Seventh Realm by solely training with his sword, and that required a ridiculous amount of training.

Even comprehending the level after Sword Heart wouldn't be enough since that would be on the level of a level four Concept.

Shang would need to comprehend the following level if he only wanted to rely on a single weapon.

Shang used the next couple of minutes of fighting the fish bird to increase the pressure he was under.

He had already used up all his Death Mana, which made the fight that much harder.

Eventually, Shang snapped his fingers.

BOOOOOOM!

The right side of the fish bird exploded, scattering its flesh everywhere.

"This isn't the only one," Shang transmitted. "There are four more on your body. If I detonate all of them, you will die. I've won."

Then, Shang transmitted the locations of where the Death Mana was located, and the fish bird tore these parts of its body off.

A moment later, Shang detonated these parts away from the fish bird.

Shang nodded and motioned for it to leave.

Yet, the fish bird didn't immediately leave.

"I want to learn from you."

Shang turned his head to the fish bird.

It wanted to learn from him?

"You wield your weapon with finesse and impressive dexterity," the fish bird transmitted. "I feel it is similar to my weapon."

"You are far better at using your weapon than I am at using mine."

"Teach me."

"I am willing to serve you."

Shang didn't say anything for a couple of seconds.