Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 911 911 – Blood and Heart

Shang could feel it.

1

He had been focusing on his Sword Mana all this time, and after his Sword Mana had passed a certain threshold, it suddenly started drawing in Mana from all over Shang's body.

Shang had already created separate pathways for his Sword Mana. In comparison to his normal Mana, the pathways for his Sword Mana had been created to circulate Mana instead of just delivering it from one place to another.

Usually, the Mana inside a beast's or warrior's body didn't circulate and only rested in the Beast Core.

But for Sword Blood, Shang needed to circulate his Mana.

Sword Mana needed to be in constant movement. If it didn't move, it would harden and slowly disperse.

The Mana that humans stored in their bodies didn't have that kind of property.

As the Sword Mana circulated throughout Shang's body, it drew in more and more Mana from the surroundings.

Luckily, Shang's body was more than powerful enough to resist such a dense and potent force of destruction.

Shang's pathways filled more and more until they couldn't hold anymore.

That was when the Sword Mana also stopped pulling in other kinds of Mana.

Shang watched the Sword Mana inside his body and noted that his body was ready to produce more Sword Mana as soon as the density of Sword Mana inside Shang's body reduced.

At this moment, Shang could see one big pathway of Sword Mana circulate throughout his body.

He had done it!

Shang had comprehended Sword Blood!

Naturally, Shang wouldn't consume the momentum he had just gained. After all, he only had about ten years of longevity left.

Shang stood up and flew towards the Isolation Barrier.

"Send your strongest beast for a last fight," Shang transmitted to the Thunder King. "I want to try out this new power."

The Thunder King didn't answer, but Shang was sure that he had heard him.

Shang had to wait for several minutes inside the Isolation Barrier before his opponent appeared.

His opponent was a silver dragon with a slender but powerful build. Its limbs hid explosive might, giving it incredible acceleration and speed. Its scales shone in a powerful silver, proclaiming their unrivaled defense. The dragon's long teeth and long claws made it clear that its offense was also unrivaled.

Lastly, Shang could feel that the dragon had a twofold Spirit Sense, which was insane for a beast.

When the dragon appeared, it slowly went into a lowered stance to gather its power.

BANG!

In an instant, it shot toward Shang with unrivaled speed.

Shang might be able to avoid the first two attacks, but he knew that the dragon would keep rapidly attacking him.

Without Sword Blood, Shang would have lost this fight within five attacks.

Yet, just before the dragon reached him, a dense black cloud appeared between them.

The dragon sensed that the black cloud was extremely powerful and that touching it would be a very bad idea.

The dragon rapidly jumped to the side, attacking Shang from a new angle.

Yet, the black cloud kept following it, staying between Shang and the dragon.

After a bit, the dragon jumped back, reassessing the situation and its strategy.

A dense cloud of pure destruction came out of Shang's sword, and whenever Shang moved his sword, the cloud would move as well. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Sword Blood gave someone two abilities.

First, it vastly increased the amount of Sword Mana one could have at the same time. Sword Mana was no longer only on the sword but now also inside the body.

Second, Sword Mana would no longer vanish as quickly when it was away from the body or the sword. Additionally, Shang could keep controlling it freely.

The black cloud of destruction around Shang was the Sword Mana inside his body that had been infused with all of Shang's Death Mana.

Sadly, the amount of Death Mana couldn't even come close to the amount of Sword Mana, which reduced its offensive power by quite a bit.

However, the sheer amount of Sword Mana more than made up for it.

At this moment, it was like Shang's sword had grown several times over and had gained the ability to transform itself freely.

The dragon had huge issues finding an angle to attack.

However, such a powerful beast had more than one strategy.

Inside the dragon's mouth, a powerful ball of lightning formed, which bathed the entire space within the Isolation Barrier in an intense liquid of Lightning Mana.

Any Peak Ancestral Beast would rapidly die within this liquid, but this was only the side-effect of the dragon's attack.

While the dragon was doing this, Shang was lowering his stance and gathering his focus.

Then, an apocalyptic beam of pure lightning shot toward Shang.

BOOOOOOOOOOOM!

The Isolation Barrier turned into a hellscape of lightning, but the lightning very quickly vanished.

Shang was still standing there.

However, 90% of all his Sword Mana had vanished, transforming the thick cloud of destruction into a mere whisp.

Nevertheless, Shang had survived, and he was still gathering his focus.

Sword Blood.

Sword Heart.

The heart moved the blood, and the blood nourished the heart.

1

This was the power of having Sword Heart and Sword Blood.

Sword Blood gave Shang a brutally powerful defense, which he could use to defend while gathering focus for Sword Heart.

An instant later, the whisp of destruction vanished, and a black blade of death appeared around Shang's sword.

And then, Shang slashed forward.

SHING!

It was like the world inside the Isolation Barrier had been cut in two.

Shang had gathered his focus, and he had unleashed an extremely fast, powerful, and precise attack with Sword Heart.

However, something else had appeared inside the Isolation Barrier.

It was a forcefield, and it had stopped Shang's attack before it hit the dragon.

Naturally, this forcefield hadn't been created by the dragon but by the Thunder King.

As a Peak Beast King with a fourfold Spirit Sense, even Shang's most powerful attack couldn't injure the Thunder King, and its speed also couldn't be compared to Shang's.

Yet, the Thunder King's interference only meant one thing.

The dragon would have died from this attack.