Chapter 912 912 – Ready

Shang put his sword away, and the black blade on it turned into smoke before entering Shang's body.

1

The dragon still had difficulties accepting reality.

It was the most powerful Beast Lord on the island.

Amongst over a hundred Peak Beast Lords, it reigned supreme.

And yet, it had lost…

To a human an entire Realm below it.

Shang's offensive power was his strongest aspect.

Peak Beasts Lords had incredibly powerful defenses, but even though Shang was an entire Realm below the dragon, his attack would have still been powerful enough to bisect the dragon.

Sword Heart had always been amazing. After all, it allowed Shang to launch a melee attack from a great range.

Sadly, Shang always needed to gather his focus and prepare his attack, which was nearly impossible when an enemy was attacking him.

But with Sword Blood, Shang finally gained the ability to use Sword Heart freely.

Even more, Sword Blood's power entirely depended on the power of Shang's body.

Theoretically, there was no limit to how much Sword Mana Shang could store inside his body. His body just had to be powerful enough to contain all of it without getting cut into pieces.

Due to the Bloodline Infusion and consuming Abominations, Shang's body was already as powerful as a beast's body.

Then, Shang's Beast Core increased his power even further, making his body about double as powerful as the body of an equivalent beast.

Lastly, Shang had consumed his momentum after comprehending Void Break, which had increased the power of his body even more while also strengthening his pathways.

On a baseline, Shang's body was already about twice as powerful as the body of an Initial Beast Lord.

Not only was Sword Blood something that only Peak Warrior Lords could comprehend, elevating its power to ridiculous heights, but the power of Shang's body multiplied that power even further.

Dusk?

Meteor?

Fate?

All of these attacks were meaningless now.

With all of the different states and techniques Shang had created, Shang had reached the peak of complexity.

And now, things had returned to simplicity.

2

A sword.

A pure sword.

In front of Shang's sword, no defense, technique, or attack mattered.

One strike was enough to destroy all of these things.

With one sword, Shang would win the battle.

One sword.

One slash.

At least, that was how it would work in a vacuum.

Naturally, Shang first had to get to this point in a battle.

No enemy would just watch him while he prepared an attack.

That was where all of Shang's other powers came in.

Even though Shang's Sword Heart and Sword Blood were ridiculously powerful, Shang's True Domain of Entropy was also extremely powerful.

Shang could control whatever kind of Mana he destroyed with his Domain of Entropy, which meant that he could move his Sword Mana through his domain without reducing its power.

This gave Shang another layer of defense.

Lastly, with Void Break, Shang could still temporarily increase the defense and power of his body.

Sadly, there was one obvious problem.

Shang's powers were still separate.

1

Sword Heart, Sword Mana, and Sword Blood all worked together to produce one thing.

Meanwhile, Shang's Void Break, World Connection, and his Domain of Entropy were all separate.

They did their own thing, which increased Shang's power, but they didn't have the sort of unity that Shang's three Sword Abilities had.

1

Shang had thought that his powers synergized with each other very well, but only when he experienced the synergy between his three Sword Abilities did he truly notice how disjointed his powers felt.

1

But that was natural.

After all, Shang was blindly forging his own Path.

He had always comprehended whatever felt right to him.

Naturally, this had resulted in Shang's powers reaching unprecedented levels, but everything still felt very separate from each other.

Maybe one day, Shang could combine all his power into one and truly forge his own Path.

But for the moment, Shang was following the Path of a warrior with several additional powers that complemented Shang's main power.

After putting his sword away, Shang walked out of the Isolation Barrier under the shocked gaze of the dragon.

"I'm done," Shang transmitted to the Thunder King. "I don't need to fight beasts anymore."

A moment later, the Isolation Barrier vanished, but the Thunder King didn't say anything.

Naturally, the Thunder King was also deeply shocked by Shang's power, but none of this mattered to it.

the beasts would still be subjugated by them.

Shang left the Thunder King behind and traveled toward the edge Humans were the rulers of the world.

It didn't matter how powerful the most powerful human was. All the beasts would still be subjugated by them.

Shang left the Thunder King behind and traveled toward the edge of the island.

"I comprehended Sword Blood, and I'm ready to enter the next Realm," Shang told the Lightning Emperor with his pin.

"You did it?" the Lightning Emperor asked in shock.

"Yes," Shang answered.

The Lightning Emperor remained quiet for a couple of seconds as the implications of Shang's statement set in.

Would Shang reach a sevenfold Spirit Sense?

Would he get an eightfold Spirit Sense?

How powerful was Shang now?

The more the Lightning Emperor thought about the possibilities, the more excited he became.

"Great!" the Lightning Emperor said with some excitement. "I will watch over you while you break through! I don't want there to be any accidents."

Shang nodded. "Fine, but I still need to pay a short visit to the frontlines. This will be the last time I will fight the Ancestral Mages."

"Of course," the Lightning Emperor said.

A moment later, a portal brought Shang to the frontlines, and he killed a couple of Ancestral Mages.

The other Empires had become quite daring since Shang hadn't shown up in a couple of centuries.

Fortunately, nothing of note had happened during Shang's quick visit to the frontlines.

When there were no more Peak Ancestral Mages attacking the Lightning Manor, Shang was teleported to the far north of the Eternal Ocean by the Lightning Emperor.

The Lightning Emperor wasn't sure what would happen during Shang's breakthrough.

So, he had put Shang to the edge of his Spirit Sense, assuring that no other human could see him during his breakthrough. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

And then, it was time.