Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿913 Chapter 913- Breakthrough

Shang hovered above the Eternal Ocean in silence.

He was readying himself for his breakthrough.

He had been in the Void Break Realm for a very long time, and he almost felt like he would never leave this Realm.

But now, it was time.

As Shang gathered all of his Mana, he willed his existence to elevate and absorb as much Mana as possible.

Suddenly, it was like some kind of barrier broke, and Shang's Spirit Sense began to expand rapidly.

At the same time, the water below and the clouds above him got pulled to Shang as ﻿his body rapidly absorbed Neutral Mana.

After a couple of seconds, the clouds and the water had been pulled towards him, creating a whirlpool of dense grey mist around him.

BANG!

The friction of the clouds created powerful bolts of lightning, which attacked anything that came close.

It started relatively small, but as more and more time passed by, even more Mana was pulled towards Shang from further away.

Eventually, the Mana from 10,000 kilometers around him shot toward him rapidly, but that wasn't where the expansion stopped.

In an instant, Mana from the surrounding 100,000 kilometers shot toward him. One had to remember that the distance from which someone pulled Mana during a ﻿breakthrough wasn't the same as their eventual Spirit Sense.

During a breakthrough, the more powerful someone's Spirit Sense, the greater the attraction.

It was like gravity. Stronger gravity pulled heavier things from further away faster. BANG!

Suddenly, a Peak Ancestral Beast shot out of the water.

Such breakthroughs distracted beings, making it easier to ambush them. Additionally, all the dense Mana attracted the beasts.

The beast rapidly reached Shang, who didn't even seem like he had noticed.

Sssshhhh!

And then, the beast turned into dust before completely vanishing.

﻿Shang kept his Domain of Entropy active during the breakthrough.

It was like the beast had just attacked an Abomination Lord. Naturally, that wasn't the smartest idea.

Over the next seconds, five more beasts shot at Shang, but they shared the same fate.

Funnily enough, their attack actually made it even easier for Shang to break through since their bodies were turned into Neutral Mana, which rapidly got absorbed by Shang.

Shang would even be able to break through if he only had a onefold Spirit Sense,thanks to these beasts.

By now, the Mana from 500,000 kilometers away was already shooting toward Shang. BANG!

The next moment, an Initial Beast Lord ﻿ shot toward Shang. It was one of the weakest Beast Lords, and it wanted to become more powerful by hunting easy prey.

Normal Beast Lords didn't attack Ancestral Beasts during a breakthrough since they would only get very little Mana, and if the being were a human, they would be even less likely to attack.

Humans were very scary.

As the Initial Beast Lord reached Shang, its body rapidly dissolved.

Yet, its momentum still made it so that its jaws managed to clamp down on Shang's torso.

CRK!

And its teeth broke.

One had to remember that Shang always fought beings several levels above himself, and these beings had insane powers.

﻿Shang's physical defense was actually so tough that the beast couldn't even injure him.

Even if Shang just stood there without his Domain of Entropy, the beast wouldn't be able to hurt him in any significant way.

Nevertheless, the beast turned into Neutral Mana.

That was the last attack Shang suffered.

For a normal person, this would have counted as a tribulation. After all, they were attacked by several beasts on their level and even a beast above their level while they were busy breaking through. This would be a true calamity for them, and they would need to fight for their survival.

But the same thing wasn't true for Shang.

The attack might as well not have happened.

﻿Eventually, Shang even pulled in Mana from a million kilometers away.

The amount of Mana someone needed to ascend to the Seventh Realm was ridiculous, and it was common to absorb Mana from a million kilometers away.

A million kilometers seemed like a lot, but a sphere that had a radius of a million kilometers was only one eight-thousandth as big as a sphere with a radius of 20 million kilometers, which was around the size of the entire world, including the Eternal Ocean.

The world could probably accommodate another seven to eight thousand beings in the Seventh Realm, but it would only become harder and harder to break through due to the diminishing density of Mana.

But Shang didn't stop there.

His being had been elevated two times, and ﻿ his being required even more Mana to break through than others.

So, even more Mana shot towards Shang.

Ancestral Mages needed to comprehend two level four Concepts to become Mage Lords since their Spirit Senses couldn't pull in enough Mana at the time.

However, since Shang's existence was multiple times more massive than normal Mages, that wasn't enough.

He needed an even bigger Spirit Sense to pull in enough Mana.

With one Transformation, Shang would have needed to comprehend enough to create a threefold Spirit Sense to break through.

And with two Transformations, Shang needed to comprehend enough to create a fourfold Spirit Sense to break through.

He had gained that momentum by ﻿ comprehending Sword Mana, Sword Transformation, Sword Infusion, and lastly, the Concept of Temperatures, which he had comprehended thousands of years ago.

Four things equivalent to level four Concepts.

That would have been enough to break through.

Eventually, the area from which Shang was pulling Mana stopped expanding, and it settled on a radius of around three million kilometers.

By now, it had already reached the shores of Aterium, and a couple of people noticed that a lot of Mana was being pulled toward the north.

However, they didn't think any of it.

Beasts broke through all the time, and they also needed a ridiculous amount of Mana.

Additionally, it was impossible to tell just how much Mana was shooting toward Shang for these people since even just a million kilometers was far more than they could see with their Spirit Senses.

A couple of seconds later, the Mana calmed down and stopped rapidly shooting toward Shang's location.

The thundering cloud of lightning dispersed, and the Eternal Ocean returned to its usual calm.

The density of the world's Mana had dropped noticeably.

In fact, it had dropped by nearly an entire percent, which showed just how much Mana Shang had absorbed.

But it had been enough.

Shang had done it.

He had reached the Seventh Realm!Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m