Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Nothing.

Nothing happened.

The walls of the Isolation Chamber showed the same effect as Shang's hand.

That was when Shang got an idea and activated his Domain of Entropy.

The next moment, he willed the wall of his Isolation Chamber to turn into Neutral Mana.

The wall of the Isolation Chamber shook, but that was about it.

No Mana left the Isolation Chamber.

However, Shang's Domain of Entropy obviously had an effect. After all, if it wouldn't, there would have been no feedback from the wall.

On top of that, there was something else.

Shang walked away from the black sphere and summoned an ore piece he owned for the King Realm.

Then, Shang willed the ore to turn into Neutral Mana.

The ore didn't seem to change at first glance, but a huge amount of Natural Mana actually shot out of it.

It was just that the density of Mana inside the ore was very high.

Shang very quickly stopped and absorbed the Neutral Mana to refill his Mana storage. After all, he didn't want the Neutral Mana to touch the black sphere.

Shang had already noticed a couple of peculiarities, but before he could even think about them, he noticed something else.

'Did the black sphere just move?' Shang thought.

Shang focused on the black sphere, and sure enough, it was slowly moving towards Shang.

Shang was certain that this hadn't happened before.

Then, Shang noticed the piece of ore in his hand.

DINGG!

Shang threw the piece of ore at one of the walls of the Isolation Chamber and started looking at the black sphere.

As he had expected, the black sphere changed its direction and started moving towards the piece of ore.

Shang's mind fell into deep thought.

'I can extract Mana from any object, even if that object is more than an entire Realm higher than me. I can even extract Mana from Emperor Rank materials.'

'Yet, I can't extract Mana from Entropy ore.

There definitely is Mana in there, but the Mana can't be torn out.'

Then, Shang looked at his smaller and weaker Isolation Chamber.

That one had only been created with Sixth Rank ore.

Shang summoned his Domain of Entropy again and willed the wall of the weaker Isolation Chamber to turn into Neutral Mana.

The walls shook, and a moment later, a piece of the wall broke off.

Shang could see a tiny ball of Neutral Mana and several far bigger balls of this weird black energy.

The ball of Mana quickly touched one of the other balls, and the temperature in the Isolation Chamber increased tremendously as all the black balls were shot in random directions.I think you should take a look at

Shang acted quickly and put the big sphere of Neutral Mana and the piece of ore into his inner world.

The balls of black energy bounced around the Isolation Chamber, but there was no more Mana inside.

'Interesting, Shang thought as the black balls floated around the Isolation Chamber.

'This black energy is also in Entropy Ore, but just like the Abominations, as soon as the Mana inside it disconnects, the ore turns into these black spheres.'

Shang gathered the smaller black balls and pushed them together, creating a slightly bigger one, but it wasn't nearly as dense or big as the one that came from the Abomination Lord.

Shang compared the smaller and bigger balls with each other.

Except for the difference in density and volume, they were identical.

Eventually, Shang pushed the smaller ball into the bigger one, and they combined without issues.

'This energy is extremely unstable and explodes as soon as it touches anything that isn't itself.'

'The Abominations and Entropy Ore turned into the same things.'

'However, there was one difference.'

'I think the Mana might be different.'

'While the black energy is the same, the Mana felt a bit different.'

'This probably means that the Mana dictates the form the black energy takes. It can become an Abomination, but if it changes a bit, it can become Entropy Ore.'

'Tearing the Mana out of the Abomination Lord was easy, but tearing it out from the Entropy ore was far harder.'

'I guess that means that the combination of this specific kind of Mana and the black energy is vastly more stable and more difficult to split.'

'If I could change the Mana inside Abominations, I could turn them into Entropy Ore.'

Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

'Wait, was that what Lucius wanted to do?' Shang suddenly thought.

'If I were to reach the Tenth Realm, how big would my Spirit Sense be? Mage Emperors already have a base range of a million kilometers, and with a sixfold Spirit Sense, it would be a radius of six million kilometers.'

'I could imagine the God having a sixfold Spirit Sense at the Tenth Realm, and that is very likely big enough to encompass the entire world, including the Eternal Ocean!

'If Lucius actually succeeded, he could have probably willed all the Abominations to turn into cubes of Entropy Ore as soon as they appear.'

'That would actually take care of the Abomination problem. The lowest part of the world is millions of kilometers deep, enough space to bury these cubes for a long time. Also, even if trillions or quadrillions of years pass, there's probably also a way to just shove the cubes out of the silver wall at the edge of the world.'

'It actually might not even need someone at the Tenth Realm to pull something like this off. As long as someone knows how to do it, they could probably create some kind of global Magic Circle that could do this automatically.

'It should work. After all, this black energy is just another force, and we know how Mana works. It wouldn't matter what kind of form it would take on. The same rules should still apply.'

And then, Shang actually had a thought.

He looked at the floating balls and the walls of the Isolation Chamber.

Then, Shang looked at his right hand.

That was when he remembered all the Abominations he had absorbed.

Where had the black energy gone?

'Am I actually made of Mana?'