Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"Young Master Shang, an Early Mage Lord Defender Flag has appeared," the Starlight Queen transmitted to Shang.

Shang realized that this was a trap.

They knew that Shang was here and that Shang was able to kill basically anyone in the Early Mage Lord Realm.

And yet, the enemy had still used their Defender Flag.

It was more than obvious that they wanted to lure Shang into attacking.

"From which Empire?" Shang asked.

"The Land and Sky Empire," the Starlight Queen answered.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Shang scratched his chin as he weighed his options.

The enemy Mage Kings had lost so much money at Shang's hands, and they had been familiar with him for thousands of years.

They put his power on the same level as an exceptionally strong Mage Lord with a fivefold Spirit Sense.

Shang was truly dangerous, and they knew it.

Even when Shang had attacked an Initial Mage Lord with a fourfold Spirit Sense while they had been armed to the teeth, he had still won.

But now, they were so confident that they were willing to let Shang fight someone at the same level as him?

What was their plan?

"What about their Mage Lords with fivefold Spirit Senses?" Shang asked.

"The Land and Sky Empire has one, and she is still inside their Peak Mage Lord Defender Flag."

"The Twilight Dusk Family also has one, but he is not on the frontline. According to our intel, he has only just comprehended his second level five Concept, which barely makes him as powerful as a weak Thunder. He is training to enhance his power."

"The Judgment Palace has two. One of them knows four level five Concepts, and she is also inside their Defender Flag. The other one is relatively new. I think he only reached the Mage Lord Realm in the last 4,000 years."

"That's all Mage Lords with a fivefold Spirit Sense that we know of. There might be more, but I am not sure," the Starlight Queen said. Shang continued scratching his chin.

"The two Mage Lords in the Defender Flags are definitely those two? There are no tricks? No disguises?" Shang asked. Flag."

"The Twilight Dusk Family also has one, but he is not on the frontline. According to our intel, he has only just comprehended his second level five Concept, which barely makes him as powerful as a weak Thunder. He is training to enhance his power."

"The Judgment Palace has two. One of them knows four level five Concepts, and she is also inside their Defender Flag. The other one is relatively new. I think he only reached the Mage Lord Realm in the last 4,000 years."

"That's all Mage Lords with a fivefold Spirit Sense that we know of. There might be more, but I am not sure," the Starlight Queen said.

Shang continued scratching his chin.

"The two Mage Lords in the Defender Flags are definitely those two? There are no tricks? No disguises?" Shang asked.

"I'm certain," the Starlight Queen said. "We've gained that intel by sacrificing two Thunders."

Shang nodded. "So, it can only be the other two. Either the new guy or the old one."

"Do you think it's possible that the one from the Twilight Dusk Family is waiting for me?"

"No," the Starlight Queen said. "There is a much simpler explanation."

"While the size of a Spirit Sense shows someone's talent and the power they will be able to achieve in a given Realm, it isn't necessarily a good representation of someone's current power. Especially when there are so many talented people in the Mage Lord Realm."

"I think it's much more likely that their equivalent of a Thunder has dropped down three levels to fight you. It's possible that your enemy has already comprehended three or four level five Concepts."

"In a way, this would be like fighting someone with a fivefold Spirit Sense that is a level above you. On top of that, they would have given their Mage Lord plenty of powerful weapons to deal with you."

Shang thought about this possibility for a while.

"If I were to kill someone like that, would there be a chance that my true power would get unveiled?" Shang asked.I think you should take a look at

"Very unlikely," the Starlight Queen said. "In the known history of humanity, there have only been two people with a sixfold Spirit Sense. King Sanctified Death and the Mage God. Seeing another Mage with a sixfold Spirit Sense would already be very hard to believe, but a warrior? That's simply impossible."

"The more reasonable explanation would be that we have some kind of secret weapon that increases our warriors' power by much more than what we can do to a Mage."

"For example, we are already using plenty of enchantments that increase the power, speed, defense, reaction time, and so on of our warriors of all Realms. These enchantments are not useful for Mages," the Starlight Queen said.

Shang frowned. "That's the first I've heard of these enchantments being used in the war."

"I genuinely don't intend to be disrespectful, Young Master Shang," the Starlight Queen said, "but you are not part of the command center of the war, don't join the war very often, and lastly, you never needed these enchantments."

"Hm," Shang muttered.

She was right.

"So, they won't suspect me of hiding my power when I kill that guy?" Shang asked.

"Most likely not," the Starlight Queen confirmed again, "but just to make sure, I want to bestow several enchantments on you before you enter. It has to be believable."

Shang just nodded.

A second later, a portal opened behind Shang, and the Starlight Queen stepped out.

Under the gaze of all the enemy Mage Kings, she put several extremely powerful enchantments on Shang.

Yet, even though all the Mage Kings could see it, the Defender Flag didn't move.

It seemed like the enemy was confident.

"What if a Mage King gets involved?" Shang asked.

"The Ancestor is no longer busy with the contract," the Starlight Queen said. "He is watching over the war now."

Shang nodded.

When the Starlight Queen was finished putting all the enchantments on Shang, he flew towards the Defender Flag.

Since the enemy was willing to fight Shang, he didn't need to hurry.

After some seconds, Shang arrived in front of the barrier and stopped.

Sure enough, the two-star Defender Flag was still there.

They were that confident, huh?

All of Shang's aspects had been doubled in power by the enchantments, making him even more ridiculously powerful than usual.

With so much power, Shang's World Connection could probably destroy over 50% of his opponent's Mana.

The enemy wouldn't even be able to see Shang before they died.

Then, Shang entered the barrier.

The barrier turned cloudy, and the inside was now isolated from the world outside.

Shang and his opponent were now the only two people inside the Defender Flag.

That was when Shang's heart nearly stopped.

His bandage told him that an extremely powerful person could still see him.

Yet, Shang couldn't see his opponent.

His opponent was too far away.

This meant that Shang's opponent had a bigger Spirit Sense than him!