Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

DING!

In a sudden burst, a lightning explosion emanated from the pin on Shang's chest, instantly neutralizing the attack.

"I knew it!" transmitted the Mage King, yet he sounded completely composed and unworried.

"By the way, that's why we made a second alteration to the Defender Flag. I can unleash about 50 Spells in two seconds. Let's see how resilient that shield is."

Voice transmissions happened instantaneously, so despite the Mage King speaking several words, hardly a millisecond had elapsed.

At that moment, Shang felt like time was moving in slow motion.

He had intended to use Entropy, but he couldn't locate his opponent, and the attack struck him before he could react.

Even as Shang realized that a lightning shield had blocked the attack, the second and third Spells were already on their way.

Before Shang could process that his shield had been hit twice more, the next two spells struck.

The barrage was so rapid that Shang couldn't keep up with what was happening before the next onslaught began.

The speed was overwhelming!

In less than a second, Shang had been hit by over 20 Spells.

By now, the hue of the barrier had turned pinkish, gradually shifting to red.

However, hardly anyone would notice it.

Perhaps one of the Mage Kings might have observed the change in color, but they would still wait for the Defender Flag to deactivate, as that was how it worked.

Shang could barely manage to glance at the pin on his chest.

Its brightness had already dimmed by over 80%, and he could sense that the shield was perilously thin.

In about 0.2 seconds, the shield would be obliterated.

And then, the next Spell would spell Shang's complete destruction.

Shang's mind raced faster than ever before.

Numerous ideas rushed through his head, only to be dismissed immediately.

Most of them centered around using Entropy.

The power disparity between them was simply too vast.

Shang's initial instinct was to use Entropy against the Mage King.

However, the Mage King was attacking Shang from various directions outside his Spirit Sense!

Even if Shang had the speed to react to a Spell, the Mage King would probably have moved on from that spot!

Hitting him was impossible!

The next thought was to attack the barrier, but that presented two other problems.

Firstly, the barrier was immensely powerful, and Shang's Entropy might not be enough to destroy it.

Secondly, it wouldn't solve the issue of the Lightning Emperor not knowing Shang's location inside the barrier.

If the Lightning Emperor could pinpoint Shang's position, he could release a focused Spell directly at him, creating a hole in the barrier in the process.

But as it stood, the Lightning Emperor had to punch a small hole in the barrier, check inside, and then use another Spell to deal with the situation.

It was an impossible task.

0.1 seconds passed, and the lightning shield was on the verge of collapse.

Shang estimated that the shield could only endure four more Spells, and he knew that his mind was two Spells behind reality, meaning the next two Spells would shatter the shield.

He had to act now!

Shang disliked all of his options, but he had to choose one.

In the next moment, Shang's Domain of Entropy activated.

His clothes turned into black dust, and a black fire glowed through the bandages.

Simultaneously, Shang's artificial left arm crumbled into black dust, revealing a black silhouette of an arm.

Lastly, his legs disintegrated into black dust.

As Shang's body turned into black dust, his Domain of Entropy grew stronger and larger.

BANG!I think you should take a look at

The lightning shield shattered, and the next two Spells hurtled toward Shang.

WHOOOM! WHOOOM!

The black and white beams entered the Domain of Entropy, creating a huge indentation.

The old man firing Spells at Shang narrowed his eyes and launched more Spells.

Shang's Domain of Entropy expanded but struggled to keep up with the rapid barrage of Spells pushing from one side.

Moments later, the surrounding parts of the Domain of Entropy flooded towards the dented side like water.

BANG! BANG! BANG!

The Mage King kept attacking!

Within the Domain of Entropy, Shang stared at the sky, his mouth open in a silent scream.

The sensation of nothingness.

The feeling of impending death.

He was fading away.

His feet and shins had already completely disappeared.

BOOOOM! BOOOOM! BOOOOM!

The Mage King relentlessly assaulted Shang with clenched teeth.

He attacked with all his might, but the peculiar black sphere only barely kept up with his destructive efforts!

If he had just one more level six Concept!

Maybe then, it would be enough!

He was so close!

There was barely a two-meter gap between where his Spells hit and Shang's body!

SHING!

The Mage King employed Mana Step and materialized ten meters away from Shang.

The Mage King had black, white, and grey hair, with several wrinkles on his face, and wore the black and white robes of the Twilight Dusk Family.

In the next instant, six black and white orbs appeared around him.

And then, they all launched simultaneously.

B00000000000M!

It was as if a massive laser bore through Shang's Domain of Entropy.

He was so close!

One meter!Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Half a meter!

Just a little more!

And then, everything below Shang's waist disintegrated into Entropy at once.

WHOOOOOOOOM!

The Domain of Entropy, which had just barely withstood the attack, expanded at uncontrollable speeds.

The Mage King's eyes widened in shock and terror as the Domain of Entropy engulfed him.

He attempted to use Mana Step, but the Spell had no effect!

He tried a hundred Mana Steps and several other Spells, but none of them made any difference!

His Mana Shield shattered, and under the Mage King's horrified expression, his body began to turn into black smoke.

And he perished.

BANG!

In that moment, a mighty lightning bolt pierced through the barrier.

And the barrier shattered into pieces.