Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Shang's appearance had changed quite a bit.

Wearing normal clothing was no longer fitting for him since he had no legs and only one arm. Because of that, he had decided to just wear the white cloth that the Lightning Emperor had put on him.

The cloth was amazing since it only allowed Spirit Sense to exit but not enter. Naturally, it wasn't as effective as Entropy Ore when it came to isolating something, but even Mage Emperors wouldn't have it easy to look through it.

Another reason why Shang had decided to wear this cloth was that he couldn't realistically hide the loss of his limbs anymore.

Hiding the loss of an arm wasn't difficult with the Lightning Emperor's master over the Life Concepts, but hiding the loss of two legs was basically impossible.

Everyone had seen how Shang moved, and when he suddenly stopped putting strain on his legs, it would only create more suspicions and questions.

Because of that, Shang decided to take on a persona that didn't make him seem human anymore.

And maybe, that was actually accurate.

The more abnormal he seemed, the less the individual issues with him would be questioned.

The Mage Kings and Mage Emperors knew that Shang had been crippled in some way, and appearing like this made it more difficult to guess the specifics.

Was Shang crazy now?

Had he lost his mind? Stuff like that.

After entering the barrier, Shang didn't stop.

He kept shooting forward at incredible speeds.

Over the last 4000 years, Shang had advanced to the Peak Sword Lord Realm, and he had also worked on a way to fix the issue with his speed.

That was when Shang decided to take a look at the Space, Time, and Gravity Concepts.

Thanks to his Transformation in the Void Break Realm, Shang had a 60% Affinity for Space, Time, and Gravity now.

That was already better than almost all people.

At this moment, Shang's mind was nearly as powerful as the mind of an Initial Mage King. Together with his increased Affinities, comprehending the first couple of Concepts for these three Affinities wasn't difficult.

The level one Concept of Space, Warping, which allowed someone to warp space, making it more difficult for an enemy to move inside.

The level two Concept of Space, Distance, which allowed someone to shorten or lengthen the space between them and their opponent.

The level three Concept of Space, Distortion, which strengthened the effects of Warping. This Concept could also interfere with the manipulation of space by someone else.

Even the level four Concept of Space, Fragmentation, which allowed someone to split space apart. This was the very Concept that transformed the Space

Affinity from a controlling one into a very offensive one.

The level one Concept of Time, Acceleration, which allowed someone to speed up the time of themselves and their surroundings. The more Time Concepts one knew, the stronger its effect.

The level two Concept of Time, Deceleration, which allowed someone to slow the passing of time in their surroundings. Together with Acceleration, this could create a horrifying difference in speed.

The level three Concept of Time, Flow, which allowed someone to control the other two Concepts with more control, giving them the ability to switch the times so rapidly that someone might shoot past someone or misjudge someone's trajectory.

The level four Concept of Time, Instant, which allowed someone to speed up their mind for a short moment in exchange for Mana, making it seem like the world had frozen. This gave someone the ability to plan even in the most stressful scenarios.

The level one Concept of Gravity, Weightlessness, which allowed someone to reduce the weight of something. Shang was using this Concept in conjunction with Darkness Mana to control the weight of his sword.I think you should take a look at

The level two Concept of Gravity, Pressure, which allowed someone to compress the surroundings, making it more difficult for them to move.

The level three Concept of Gravity, Compression, which strengthened the effect of Pressure even more.

The level four Concept of Gravity, Core, which strengthened all the other aspects.

With these twelve Concepts, Shang had solved his issue.

Usually, when someone didn't have a Space, Time, or Gravity Affinity, they would wait to comprehend these things until they became Mage Kings.

After all, even with no Affinity, their minds were powerful enough to understand these things anyway.

After losing his legs, Shang had been stuck with moving like Mages, which meant moving his body with the power of his mind.

Shang's way of moving still hadn't changed, but it had been optimized to a scary degree.

The Concept of Weightlessness would vastly reduce the weight of Shang's body.

The Concept of Distance made Shang move through four times as much space as without it.

The Concept of Acceleration sped up Shang's personal time.

And that wasn't even everything!

Shang had also comprehended the level four Concept of Light, Dawn, which increased the powers of his Light Concepts even more.

And the level five Concept of Light, Laser, which gave Shang 10% of the speed of light, and it also gave him a way to transform Light Mana into destructive lasers!

When Shang moved at his full speed now, his cloak would shine in a white light, but due to the distortion of gravity, time, and space in his surroundings, the light appeared ethereal and ghostly.

With all of these Concepts, Shang's speed was even faster than it would have been with just his legs.

His weakness had vanished, replaced with strength.

Of course, Shang had comprehended a couple more things as well, but these weren't relevant to his speed.Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Since Shang was now a Peak Sword Lord, he was already focusing on the non-essential Destinations for Warrior Kings, and Shang had already comprehended one of them.

When the barrier had turned cloudy, the black-haired Peak Mage Lord frowned.

Someone dared to attack her?

Nevertheless, she would be ready.

She readied-

Her eyes suddenly widened as she saw a ghostly figure shooting at her.

It... it was so fast!

How was it so fast?!

Was this a Mage King?!