Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Shang floated from one battlefield to the other.

The three Empires had been going all out, but Shang stopped their advances.

Naturally, as soon as everyone had noticed that Shang had won against the powerful Mage Lord, the remaining Peak Mage Lords with fivefold Spirit Senses gave up their positions.

In an instant, all the Defender Flags for Peak Mage Lords vanished from the battlefield.

When there were no more Attack Flags, Shang stopped moving for a bit.

His hood just turned to look in the direction of the Judgment Palace.

Shang naturally couldn't see it, but he felt like there was a powerful presence there.

However, Shang wasn't sure if what he felt was actually genuine or if his damaged soul was giving him hallucinations again.

Just as the Mage Kings had expected, Shang was in constant pain, but that wasn't actually the problem. 

The problem was that Shang's mind sometimes lost clarity, and the world appeared blurry and confusing to him.

The constant paranoia Shang was feeling due to the way the Custodian had repaired Shang's warrior body wasn't helping.

Shang was like a mortal that hadn't slept for two days, hadn't drunk anything for a day, and hadn't eaten anything for a week, while constant life-ruining events happened around him.

Concentrating and focusing was very, very difficult.

It took so much effort to concentrate.

It reminded Shang of the time his longevity had run out. Concentrating felt nearly as exhausting as staying alive had been back then.

It was so bad that Shang couldn't even move and comprehend Concepts at the same time.

In the past, Shang comprehended Concepts by training with his sword and trying to manipulate the Concept with it.

This no longer worked.

Moving and trying to understand something took too much focus at once. Shang could now only do either of the two, not both.

Additionally, it had become more difficult to comprehend the Destinations for warriors.

Fighting with a sword included the entire body, not just the sword.

A sword alone was just a sharp piece of metal that sat on the floor.

Swordsmanship was how someone could use their body to manipulate a sword as efficiently and effectively as possible.Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Someone without legs could still wield a sword, but there were several moves they couldn't use.

Since Shang could fly, this restriction wasn't as bad, but there was still a certain sense of inertia to Shang's movements since he lacked the explosive power of his legs and hips to shift his weight.

Shang was the most powerful he had ever been, but in a certain way, he was also the weakest he had ever been.

For a while, Shang just faced the distant Judgment Palace.

No one could tell what Shang was thinking about.

Shang's figure put fear into every watcher, including allies.

Shang's old appearance had already felt barely human, but now, there was nothing human about his appearance anymore.

His Aura felt so dead and so cold.

King Sanctified Death's Aura felt peaceful but decisive to others. He felt like a warm older brother that would protect one while being cruel to an enemy. Naturally, that Aura didn't reflect King Sanctified Death's actual personality, but the vast majority of humans couldn't feel his true Aura.

Being liked and leaving a good impression was helpful to King Sanctified Death, which was why he exhibited such an Aura. It was simply the most efficient thing to do.

But Shang just felt dead.

He was a visitor amongst the living.

He didn't belong here.

He should be dead.I think you should take a look at

He felt like someone that was fighting against life and death.

It was like the living wanted to push him away, but he refused to go.

It was like the dead wanted to pull him in, but he refused to come.

Both sides wanted him to be dead, but he just refused.

While everyone was looking at the unmoving Shang, something else was happening in Shang's mind.

Shang didn't even know he was facing the Judgment Palace.

His mind had become cloudy again, and he felt his consciousness wane.

The entire world spun in his Spirit Sense.

His body began to morph and distort.

Confusing and unexplainable dark thoughts swam through Shang's mind.

Beneath his hood, Shang clenched his teeth, and the world snapped back to its usual appearance.

Shang turned around and flew towards the Lightning Manor.

"Thank you for helping," the Starlight Queen transmitted.

For once, she didn't call him Young Master Shang.

When the Starlight Queen saw Shang after he had lost his legs, she genuinely felt bad for him.

The fluctuations of his soul were horrible and full of pain.

In her entire life, she had never seen anyone that lived a more miserable existence.

And despite all of this, Shang had contributed more to the war than anyone else, including her.

She still despised Shang's personality, but she just felt too bad about making fun of him.

So, she decided to simply talk the bare minimum without politeness or ridicule.

Shang just nodded a bit, his hood making it barely visible.

The next moment, a portal appeared in front of Shang, and he flew through it.

The portal led to Shang's Isolation Barrier.

However, Shang's Isolation Barrier had been altered.

Naturally, neither the Lightning Emperor nor Shang trusted Amarius with the knowledge of Shang's true identity, which was why the Lightning Emperor destroyed Amarius' barrier and created his own.

Now, only the Lightning Emperor could look into Shang's barrier.

On top of that, since the Lightning Emperor knew everything about Shang now, Shang actually didn't need to enter his Isolation Chambers anymore.

He could simply summon the Abominations inside the Isolation Barrier without the Isolation Chambers.

This also helped the Lightning Emperor in gaining new knowledge about the Abominations, which was always valuable.

As soon as Shang arrived, he took out his sword.

For thousands of years, Shang had focused on Concepts to deal with his lack of speed, and he had only started focusing on the Sword Path a thousand years ago.

It had taken Shang only a thousand years to comprehend a non-essential Destination for Warrior Kings. 

Someone in the Seventh Realm had a total longevity of 25,000 years.

This meant that Shang would only need 4,000 years to get a fourfold Spirit Sense.

This was faster than every living Mage Lord.

And now, Shang would focus on the next non-essential Destination for Warrior Kings.