Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

As the wave spread through Shang's Spirit Sense, the world seemed to change.

All the colors became clearer, and Shang could even see all the Elemental Mana with his Spirit Sense.

One had to know that feeling the presence of Elemental Mana didn't mean that one was seeing it. It was like feeling the wind. One could easily feel the wind, but it wasn't easy to see it.

But now, Shang could actually see the Elemental Mana with his Spirit Sense.

At that moment, Shang ordered the Abominations to stop attacking, and they did.

Shang focused on his new perception.

'This is not what I wanted to comprehend,' Shang thought as he looked at his new perception. 

Even though this wasn't what Shang had intended to comprehend, he wouldn't refuse it.

'I can see Elemental Mana, but I can tell that the clarity of the Elemental Mana I see is equivalent to my Affinity with said Element.'

Shang could see Darkness, Light, Fire, Ice, and Death Mana very clearly, but the other kinds of Mana were not as clear.

He could still see them, but it was like he was looking at them through a dirty window.

The entire world had changed.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Earlier, Shang had seen the world like any other Mage or warrior.

But now, he could also see what Elemental Mana everything was comprised of.

Mana was the very reason for existence.

It made space, time, gravity, water, wind, earth, fire, everything.

Without Mana, there would be nothing.

And being able to see what kind of Mana everything was made out of was like being able to see atomic composition on Earth with no microscope.

The way Shang was viewing the world was a bit like double-vision.

If a human put two edited photos of the same room but with different colors and contents in front of their eyes, they could view the composite image of the room, and if they focused on one eye, that image would become clearer.

It was a bit like looking at one's own nose, which was constantly in one's vision.

Shang could see the world as normal, but he could focus on the elemental composition if he wanted.

Even more, Shang felt like his Spirit Sense had overcome some kind of barrier between itself and the world.

The world of his Spirit Sense and the actual world seemed to overlap and come together. They were not completely one thing yet, but it looked like they were in the process of fusing.

After looking at his new perception of the world for a while, Shang decided to see how his new perception could help him in battle.

Sure, the perception alone could help Shang in seeing through several Spells designed to hide the Mage, but Shang was certain that there was more to this than just that.

And sure enough, Shang quickly found the difference.

This new ability didn't increase Shang's power, but it increased something else by a lot.

Shang focused and used Sword Heart.

The perception and effective range of Sword Heart quickly reached a distance of 2,000 kilometers, which was Shang's range after reaching the Sword Lord Realm.I think you should take a look at

However, it rapidly continued expanding.

Eventually, it settled at a distance of 20,000 kilometers.

This was the range of a Mage Lord's Spirit Sense if it had a twofold range.

That made a bigger difference than one might think.

2,000 kilometers could already be viewed as melee range for Peak Mage Lords. Avoiding a Peak Mage Lord's attack from such a range was extremely difficult due to the speed of the Spell.

Because of that, most Peak Mage Lords fought at a distance between 10,000 kilometers and whatever the maximum range of their Spirit Sense was.

Peak Mage Lord Clouds generally fought at a distance between 20,000 kilometers and 40,000 kilometers.

With Sword Heart reaching a range of 10,000 kilometers, Shang had already entered the fighting range for normal Mage Lords and was halfway to the range of Mage Lord Clouds.

One had to remember that World Connection only allowed Shang to release very weak attacks from a 60,000-kilometer range.

Meanwhile, Sword Heart could release Shang's full power.

And that wasn't even everything.

Shang also noticed that the power of his World Connection attacks had doubled.

Naturally, with all of these clues, Shang knew exactly what he had comprehended.

'This is probably the next level of World Connection. World Connection is something that Domain Controllers need to reach the Sixth Realm, and whatever I have comprehended just now is probably what they need to reach the Seventh Realm.'

'It's actually quite surprising how well it works with Sword Heart.'

'If I manage to comprehend the next level, my Sword Heart might actually reach the full range of my Spirit Sense. At that point, it would be like standing beside everyone in my Spirit Sense's range.'

Shang slowly shook his head.

'I don't have time to learn everything. I need to focus on the non-essential Destinations for Warrior Kings first to give me the best conditions to comprehend the final Destination for Warrior Emperors.'

However, Shang still wanted to know what he had actually comprehended and called the Lightning Emperor.

After telling the Lightning Emperor about what he had learned, the Lightning Emperor told Shang what it was called.

"It's called World Fusion," the Lightning Emperor said. "Just as you expected, World Fusion is the level after World Connection. The level after that is called One World. Domain Controllers, as their name suggests, use World Connection to stretch their Domains with a weaker effect to the maximum limit of their Spirit Sense."

"With World Fusion, that ability becomes stronger until finally, their Domains encompass their entire Spirit Sense with their full power with One World," the Lightning Emperor explained.

"Speaking of, does it work with your Domain of Entropy?" he asked.

"No," Shang answered. "It has no effect on my Domain of Entropy."

The Lightning Emperor nodded. "That's to be expected. Entropy doesn't work on the same level as Mana."

After asking the Lightning Emperor about One World and how to learn it, Shang cut the connection and went back to training.

Just as expected, comprehending One World would take a long time. Shang would need to focus on fusing his Spirit Sense with the world. That was not something that one could do while comprehending Concepts or Destinations.

Sadly, Shang had to abandon One World for now and continue focusing on the next non-essential Destination for Warrior Kings.

The battle between Shang and the Abomination Lords continued, but this time, there were nine Abomination Lords.