

Now, only one non-essential Destination for Warrior Kings was left.

After that, Shang would focus on the final Destination.

Shang took about 800 years to comprehend the last non-essential Destination for Warrior Kings.

Luckily, nothing of note had happened during that time. It was almost like the war was at pause.

The last non-essential Destination for Warrior Kings was called Sword Scattering, and it gave Shang the ability to disperse the power of Sword Blood over a bigger area without weakening it by much.

Sword Scattering was generally useful against fast targets. By increasing the area of the attack many times, it would become too big for the fast and agile target to avoid.

Sadly, it wasn't very useful to Shang since he was only fighting Mages.

Mages only had two extremes of speed.

No movement and Mana Step.

Sword Scattering was pointless when the enemy didn't move, and the range of Mana Step was simply too big for Sword Scattering to make a difference.

Sword Scattering would most likely be quite useful against many other Paths and even beasts, but those were of no concern to Shang.

Nevertheless, Shang still needed to comprehend it.

With the level five Concept of Laser, Blood Compression, Sword Focus, and Sword Scattering, Shang had theoretically comprehended enough to reach the Sword King Realm, assuming he had the available Mana.

Due to Shang's two transformations, he would also retain his sixfold Spirit Sense, but it would be the weaker version of it.

At this moment, Shang was around 10,700 years old, which was quite difficult for him to grasp.

'I feel like barely any time has passed since I sacrificed my legs. Yet, over 5,000 years have passed since then.'

'I have actually lived without legs for longer than I have with legs.'

The feeling of time passing could be very strange, but in Shang's case, it actually made sense.

For over 5,000 years, Shang had done nothing but train.

He hadn't really talked to anyone.

He hadn't come out of his Isolation Barrier for long.

It was simply the same thing every day.

And that was how Shang wanted to live.

His power was rapidly progressing.

He was barely 10,700 years old, and he was already done with the non-essential Destinations for Warrior Kings.

Shang had over 14,000 years left to comprehend the final Destination for Warrior Emperors and the level six Concept of Entropy.

Based on Shang's estimate, he would only need around 5,000 to comprehend the final Destination.

At that point, he would be ready to break through, but he would still try to comprehend the level six Concept of Entropy.

For the first time, achieving his goal didn't feel impossible.

Back when Shang was comprehending his four Paths, the goal had seemed almost impossible.

The same thing was true when Shang had been trying to comprehend World Connection.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

It became even crazier with Void Break. Comprehending Void Break had probably been the most difficult thing he had ever done.

Comprehending the level five Concept of Transformation was of similar difficulty.

Comprehending Sword Blood hadn't seemed as impossible.

And now?

Comprehending the final Destination of Warrior Emperors didn't even seem difficult.

Shang's mind was far from its peak condition, but even that was enough for Shang to easily do it.

He only needed time.I think you should take a look at

'I've overcome the hurdle,' Shang thought. 'My past effort has finally borne fruit, and everything I need to comprehend becomes easier and easier.'

At that point, Shang remembered King Sanctified Death.

'He probably felt similarly when he underwent his second transformation and gained an Affinity for everything.'

But Shang quickly stopped thinking about a guy he had never met and actually focused on the final Destination.

'The final Destination is different for every warrior since it represents the culmination of their fighting style, personality, and everything they have ever learned. Because of that, there is no guide,' Shang thought.

'From now on, I can't follow the teachings of the ancestral warriors anymore. I need to create my own Path and my own techniques. I need to create something that perfectly represents me.'

This had been the most difficult hurdle for ancient warriors to overcome.

After a life of following the Path that their ancestors had created for them, they needed to create their own.

But for Shang, this was normal.

One had to remember that Shang had started out not knowing what he needed to comprehend.

After Shang had reached the True Path Stage, he needed to create everything on his own with no guidance.

He had had no idea what he actually needed to do.

The same thing was true for the Fusion Realm, and even in the Void Break Realm, Shang had created his very own Path by adding parts of the Mage Path to his own.

For some time, Shang had followed the teachings of the ancient warriors to comprehend the different Destinations, but now, it was time to return to creating his own Path.

Shang wasn't sure what he wanted to create right now, but he was used to this feeling.

WHOOOM!

All the Abomination Lords were turned into Entropy and Mana by Shang, and Shang just waited in the middle of his Isolation Barrier.

From now on, Shang would focus on his life up to this point.

Shang knew that he needed to draw out all the events and experiences of his life to create the perfect culmination of his existence.

From the beginning to the end.

He started as an MMA fighter, a very foreign and distant concept to the current Shang.

He used a long sword.

Then, his sword underwent several transformations.

In the True Path Stage, Shang used four different swords.

Colossal Sword.

Great Sword.

Saber.

Long Sword.

In the later Fusion Realm, Shang used two swords.

Addum.

Subsis.

Then, Shang used only one sword.

After that, his fighting style changed when he focused on the warrior Path.

In the past, Shang had been using his Affinities and Elemental Mana, but now, Shang was using his Affinities just to increase his speed.

This was where he was now.

What was the next step?