

After around 2,000 years of training, Shang received a message from the Lightning Emperor.

The Empires were using a Peak Mage Lord with a fivefold Spirit Sense again.

It was quite surprising that Shang hadn't been sent to the war for over 3,000 years. Usually, he fought in the war every century.

The enemies hadn't even used Peak Mage Lords with threefold Spirit Senses, and now they were using someone with a fivefold Spirit Sense?

Naturally, this was a trap for Shang.

Everyone could tell.

However, what was he supposed to do?

If he ignored the trap, the enemy would take out the entire Lightning Manor in just a century or two.

Shang had to deal with the attacker.

The Lightning Emperor very closely looked at the frontline and tried to find the trap.

He was absolutely certain that the enemy was not a Mage King and not a Mage Emperor.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

The types of prepared Spells that a Peak Mage Lord could have were also not things that Shang would need to fear.

But then what?

Were the three Empires willing to just throw a future Mage King away?

For nothing?

Obviously not.

But then, what were they planning?

Not even the Lightning Emperor knew.

"I don't know what their plan is, but I will accompany you and stay right beside the Attack Flag, just in case," the Lightning Emperor told Shang.

Shang was reminded of something he hadn't thought of for thousands of years. He wouldn't have thought of that if he hadn't gone over his whole life multiple times to find a fitting final Destination.

"I can accompany you if you want, Shang, just to be safe."

"No, that's not necessary."

"I'm still coming with you, Shang. Just to be safe. And, hey, if it turns out that I'm incorrect, you can laugh at me for being too paranoid."

A memory from over 12,000 years ago.

When the Lightning Emperor had said that he would accompany Shang, Shang was reminded of when Jerald had said similar words.

It had been so long since Shang had thought of Jerald.

However, so much time had passed that there was no emotional connection anymore.

And yet, when Shang looked at the Lightning Emperor, he felt like he was looking at Jerald.

With the exception that the Lightning Emperor was superior in literally every single thing.

Shang pushed the unimportant thought away and just nodded.

In comparison to back then, Shang knew that having someone more powerful accompany him wouldn't hurt. 

Three Mage Emperors and nearly 20 Mage Kings were trying to kill Shang.

Refusing help would be stupid.

The Lightning Emperor summoned a portal, and the two of them stepped through it.

As soon as they appeared, several Mage Kings and even the three Mage Emperors looked over.

Shang knew who was watching, thanks to his bandages, but they also weren't trying to keep their interest a secret.

Shang knew.

The Lightning Emperor knew.

The Mage Kings knew.I think you should take a look at

The Mage Emperors knew.

Everybody knew that this was a trap.

The Lightning Emperor stopped just outside the Attack Flag's barrier. If any Mage Emperor or Mage King were to attack, the Lightning Emperor would be able to intercept the attack.

None of the enemies stopped the Lightning Emperor.

Shang slowly flew toward the Attack Flag.

He was very confident in his power, and he was certain that there was nothing that the enemy could do to kill him. After all, the Lightning Emperor had made very sure that there was no Mage King or Mage Emperor in there.

Even if the enemy managed to hide something from the Lightning Emperor's senses, Shang's World Fusion would probably be able to see it. After all, Shang could see every kind of Mana.

Shang couldn't think of any possible way he could die in there.

And yet, the enemies were very confident.

After a bit, Shang entered the barrier, which quickly turned cloudy.

The Lightning Emperor narrowed his eyes and kept watch over his surroundings with his full focus.

No one was moving.

Seconds passed.

Eventually, even a minute passed.

The Lightning Emperor became nervous.

What was going on in there?!

Why hadn't the fight ended yet?!

The enemy Mage Kings only smirked in confidence.

While the Lightning Emperor became more and more worried, Shang was hovering in the middle of the barrier.

In front of Shang was a young girl with purple eyes and hair. She was a member of the Twilight Dusk Family, and just like the dead Queen Primordium, she had an Affinity for Space, Time, and Gravity.

In the future, she would become a top ten Mage King, almost certainly. After all, the Domain was the very Spell that made a Mage King that powerful, and with such an Affinity, she was sure to comprehend it in the future.

And yet, Shang could tell that the Twilight Dusk Family had already forsaken the person in front of him.

Just as expected, the enemies had hidden something that not even the Lightning Emperor had been able to see.

But Shang, with his World Fusion, had noticed it.

The person in front of Shang was actually already dead.

Shang hadn't been the one that had killed her.

At this moment, Shang could see Life and Death Mana coming out from her body, and most shocking of all, they weren't canceling each other out.

It was like the Life Mana and Death Mana were living in harmony, which was supposed to be impossible.

Just like Mana and Entropy, Life Mana and Death Mana canceled each other out.

And yet, here she was, right in front of him.

Someone that shouldn't exist.

While Shang just hovered in front of her, she just looked at Shang with a bright and joyful smile.

"I've heard a lot about you," she said with a polite and friendly voice.

"And I've heard a lot about you," Shang answered. "You even managed to fool the Lightning Emperor."

The girl didn't seem surprised that Shang had already seen through her identity.

"Thank you, but I just combined some Life Concepts with some Death Concepts," the girl said with a friendly laugh. "Also, this is not my real body. I just borrowed it."

"I wanted to meet you, Shang," she said.

"Likewise, Abaddon," Shang answered.