Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

952 Chapter 952 — Abaddon's Plan

Shang had returned to his Isolation Barrier.

Luckily, he didn't need to fight in the war. One would think that after 6,000 years without Shang, the other Empires would have already pushed the Lightning Manor back into their palace.

However, they didn't need to do that anymore.

Why did the Empires fight against the Lightning Manor that desperately in the first place?

It was because the Lightning Emperor had been so confident in someone that he had staked the Mana of the late Life Emperor in a tournament for Mage Kings while King Sanctified Death still existed.

If the Lightning Manor managed to snatch the Life Emperor's Mana from King Sanctified Death, the Lightning Manor would gain a second Mage Emperor. Together with the already-powerful Lightning Emperor, they would become the rulers of the entire world.

So, to stop that from happening, they wanted to annihilate the Lightning Manor together with their trump card.

But their trump card had died already.

No one could have possibly survived that apocalyptic explosion of Death Mana filled with the level five Concept of Exodus.

The explosion had been so powerful that it even swallowed and destroyed the barrier. It had been so strong that the Lightning Emperor hadn't even been able to get Shang out before clearing it. If he had attempted something like that, the Death Mana might have invaded his mind, which would have opened him up to an attack from another Emperor.

This was Death Mana with the Concept of Exodus. Just touching it would provoke it into invading one's mind and wreaking havoc there.

Someone in the Peak Seventh Realm couldn't survive something like that, even if they had a sixfold Spirit Sense.

So, why attack the Lightning Manor? There was no reason to attack the Lightning Manor anymore.

As long as the Lightning Manor didn't expand, there wouldn't be an issue.

In the past, time had been on the side of the Lightning Manor, but now it was on their side.

In about 32,500 more years, King Sanctified Death would become a Mage Emperor.

At that moment, even the Lightning Emperor might not be able to fight him anymore, and a couple of levels later, not even the Archivist would be able to fight him anymore.

Of course, King Sanctified Death's rise would create a different issue, but the Emperors had already agreed that the world wanted King Sanctified Death to become an Emperor.

Some believed King Sanctified Death would be some kind of trial for them.

Some believed he would finally get rid of the Abominations.

And some believed that he would just kill them, but they were in the minority.

The world was rapidly being consumed by the Abominations, and they needed someone to step in.

The problem with the Abominations had grown so troublesome that they were even willing to take the risk of making King Sanctified Death an Emperor.

Speaking of King Sanctified Death, Shang had also thought about the reason why Abaddon had detonated himself.

Naturally, he had to show that he had actually attempted to kill Shang, but he could have also just acted like he had tried to kill Shang without actually injuring him too heavily.

And yet, Abaddon had actually genuinely unleashed all of the Death Mana inside his controlled body on him without holding him back.

Was everything Abaddon had said about teaming up a lie?

Honestly, Shang wasn't sure.

What Abaddon had said sounded very convincing and logical, but the sudden explosion had been just as convincing.

Abaddon had struck at the perfect moment, in the middle of a conversation.

In the end, Shang couldn't come to a definite conclusion, but he had a good guess.I think you should take a look at

It was probably everything at once.

If he managed to kill Shang, he would have gotten rid of him.

If Shang managed to survive, he would have proven that he was worthy to work with him.

On top of that, the time Shang would have needed to recover would be very significant, making it impossible for Shang to undergo another transformation.

At the moment, Shang was equal to King Sanctified Death, but if he managed to undergo another transformation, he would be superior.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Naturally, while Abaddon was probably willing to work together with Shang, he would never allow Shang to become strictly superior to him.

Because of that, Shang was quite sure that Abaddon would still keep to his promise and actually make it possible for Shang to have a shot at winning the tournament when he planned on becoming a Sword King.

Although there was one last possibility remaining, but the chances of it actually being true were very small.

What if Abaddon just wanted to teach Shang the level five Concept of Death, Exodus?

Sadly, Shang couldn't find a definite answer, but for now, that also wasn't very important.

When Shang had returned to his Isolation Barrier, he had immediately summoned an Abomination Lord to convert it into Entropy.

After that, Shang kept experimenting on his mind, trying to find ways to connect the broken parts of his mind with Entropy.

While experimenting, Shang had realized that his emotions had quickly shifted while trying to connect the broken parts of his mind.

In nearly all cases, his emotions had been impacted negatively.

Shang had noticed that he had developed a dislike for Mana and everything related to Mana.

Luckily, Shang's ability of introspection was advanced enough that he noticed these changes in his own being.

After a couple of centuries, Shang had essentially already tried everything, and he had managed to combine the broken parts of his mind somewhat.

Sadly, the effects were less than satisfactory.

Shang realized that continuing to experiment without a guide would be equivalent to wasting time.

Because of that, Shang decided to try something new.

After summoning a couple of Abomination Lords, Shang willed them to completely hand themselves over to him.

Shang proceeded to cut their heads open, and he even found a way to look at their souls.

By looking at their souls, he should be able to learn how to make an Abomination soul of his own.

Sadly, there were several unsatisfactory parts inside an Abomination's mind.

For example, they were way too simpleminded, and if Shang decided to change his mind according to what he was seeing, he might become mentally disabled.

Nevertheless, Shang still learned a couple of interesting things.

But now, he was stuck again.

How could he learn more about all of this?

And in the end, he got one idea, but he didn't like it.

'I need to look at the soul of an Abomination King.'