Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

953 Chapter 953 — Abomination King

Shang only had around 6,000 years left, and he couldn't waste any time.

Yes, summoning an Abomination King was extremely dangerous, and it might even open the door for more Abomination Kings, but Shang was willing to take the risk.

To reach supreme power, no sacrifice was too big, and no price was too steep!

"I am going to summon an Abomination King," Shang said.

Naturally, since this was the Lightning Emperor's Isolation Barrier, the Lightning Emperor heard him.

The Lightning Emperor didn‘t immediately answer, and five seconds of silence passed.

"Okay," he answered.

The next moment, a portal opened above the Isolation Barrier, and the Lightning Emperor stepped through.

An Abomination King was extremely powerful, and if anything went wrong, the Lightning Emperor would need to get involved personally.

Even the weakest Abomination Kings could fight Peak Mage Kings for long enough to absorb enough Mana to detonate. Naturally, the Mage King would win, but they would need a bit of time to win.

This meant that only the most powerful Peak Mage Kings could kill an Abomination King without wasting any time.

That was why the Lightning Emperor was here.

Naturally, the Lightning Emperor had still created a couple of portals that could expand his Spirit Sense so that he wouldn't miss if anything crucial happened.

The Lightning Emperor nodded at the distant Shang, and Shang nodded back.

Shang's mind focused on the plane of the Abominations, and he very quickly found an extremely powerful presence.

The presence Shang was feeling felt nearly as powerful as the Mage King that had cost Shang his legs.

If this Abomination King attacked Shang, only the Custodian or the Lightning Emperor would be fast enough to react.

Maybe Shang would be able to avoid one or two attacks, but after that, he would be helpless.

Shang couldn't see the appearance of the Abomination, but he could tell that it was definitely an Abomination King.

Shang's mind stretched toward it and established contact.

As soon as Shang felt it, his face became solemn.

There was a will on it.

The will was weak, but there definitely was one.

This meant that the Abomination King wouldn't blindly follow orders like a machine but actually had a limited ability to make conscious decisions.

If normal Abominations were ants, this would be something like a spider. It wasn't as intelligent as an actual mammal, but it was more intelligent than an ant.

This could prove to be problematic.

But there was no other way. Additionally, this was why the Lightning Emperor was here.

Eventually, Shang started to pull the Abomination King towards him. In comparison to all the other Abominations Shang had summoned, summoning the Abomination King was difficult due to the sheer weight of its existence.

Shang could just pull the Abominations out of their world like bottles from a box, but the Abomination King was even heavier than Shang.

Shang even had to convince the Abomination King to move on its own accord. It was like he was trying to move someone that was half-asleep.

After some minutes, Shang could feel the Abomination King stir, and it was slowly traveling toward Shang's location.

As time passed, Shang felt the world around him change.

Things were becoming bleaker, and the world was losing color.I think you should take a look at

Above the Isolation Barrier, five balls of concentrated lightning were hovering above the Lightning Emperor.

One of these balls would be able to kill a Peak Mage King in an instant, and their speed was unparalleled.

Finally, several minutes later...

SHING!

It appeared in front of Shang.

When Shang saw the Abomination King, he realized several things.

Just like Abomination Lords, the Abomination King was covered in completely black scales, and it had two velociraptor legs. Its tail was long and muscular, and it had six muscular arms that ended in five fingers with long and sharp claws. Its waist was thin, but its chest was wide and muscular.

Surprisingly enough, there were no tentacles anywhere on the beast.

Of course, that also meant that the Abomination King had an actual head.

In comparison to the tentacle-filled head of an Abomination Lord, the Abomination King's head resembled the head of an alligator or crocodile with a powerful maw.

When Shang saw the Abomination King, he realized that its body was about as battle—oriented as it got.

Its legs gave it explosive speed.

Its tail could protect its back.

Its waist allowed for flexible and agile movement of the upper body.

Its superior number of limbs could release an ungodly number of attacks, and it could even hold weapons in them if it so chose

to.

Lastly, its powerful maw could attack in a stalemate or even bite an approaching weapon.

It was impossible to fight something like that at close range if the power of the two combatants were similar.

Another thing that Shang noticed was that the eyes of the Abomination showed a small bit of intelligence.

It wasn't a lot of intelligence, but it was definitely there.

The Lightning Emperor looked at the Abomination King warily as his mind involuntarily went through old memories.

It had been over 300,000 years since he had seen an Abomination King, and they were just as scary now as they had been back then.

The Lightning Emperor knew that he wouldn't have been able to kill this weaker Abomination King if he himself were a Mage King within a reasonable amount of time.

Back when the Lightning Emperor had become a Mage Emperor, he had only known three level six Concepts, which gave him a threefold Spirit Sense.

Nowadays, over 90% of Mage Kings had fivefold Spirit Senses.

The Lightning Emperor could feel the pressure of the new generation.

The difference in quality between 300,000 years ago and today was unbelievable.

At the same time, the Lightning Emperor also took a closer look at Shang.

The Lightning Emperor would need to use a significant Spell to instantly kill the Abomination King, and the Abomination King would need to use a significant attack to instantly kill Shang.

Shang had come very close to the Lightning Emperor's power.

A moment later, light appeared in the Abomination King's eyes, and instead of directly attacking its surroundings, it looked at Shang.

Its face was neither respectful nor disdainful.

It was like the Abomination King was looking at an equal.