Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

954 Chapter 954 — Suppression

The Abomination King very quickly noticed that there was no Mana to absorb around it. Naturally, the Isolation Barrier had been emptied of Mana by the Lightning Emperor. After all, they didn't want the Abomination King to immediately go crazy and explode.

However, the Abomination King also noticed the barrier, which was made of Mana.

It could just go over there and absorb the barrier.

But at that moment, the Abomination King felt a powerful force trying to suppress it, and it turned to look at Shang.

Shang was willing the Abomination King to remain still with all of his focus.

The Abomination King's blank expression didn't change as it looked at Shang.

But there was one thing that it did.

WHOOOM!

Suddenly, a powerful suppressive force surrounded Shang.

Shang felt like he was submerged under kilometers and kilometers of heavy metal.

Movement became significantly harder, and Shang also felt that the forcefield had a suppressive effect on his willpower and mind.

However, everything considered, the effect wasn't that great. Shang was only suppressed by about 10%.

Shang had never felt this kind of suppressive effect before.

Shang had been under a couple of domains with oppressive effects before, but this domain felt very different from those.

The other domains always used a medium to suppress him.

Space, gravity, water, metal, ground.

There was always something that was putting pressure on his body.

But the domain the Abomination King was using was very different.

It was like the domain was using no medium whatsoever.

It was like just the mere power or willpower of the Abomination was having a suppressive effect on him.

The domain felt extremely pure and of similar quality to the natural Domain of Entropy the Abominations had access to.

The level of an Abomination's body was far superior to anything that naturally existed in Aterium.

Their domain was far superior to anything that naturally existed in Aterium.

And now, they had this second domain that also felt superior to anything that naturally existed in Aterium.

It was like all the Abominations were beings of a higher and more advanced world.

Something that Aterium couldn't fight against.

Even more, based on the low level of intelligence in the Abominations, it might actually be possible that these Abominations were very weak beings. Bottom feeders.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

If an Abomination King had the intelligence of a mortal human, their power would reach terrifying levels.

Shang could tell that there was a lot that could still be built on the powerful foundation of the Abominations.

As the suppressive force acted on Shang, his mind steeled even more.

Shang and the Abomination King were just looking at each other as their suppressive forces acted on the other one.

Slowly, Shang floated over to the Abomination King, which didn't move.

A moment later, Shang pointed above one of the Abomination King's shoulders with his index finger.I think you should take a look at

SHING!

When Shang slashed down, one of the Abomination King's arms was separated from its body.

Naturally, Shang's body wasn't nearly powerful enough to do something like that, but compared to his fight against the Abomination Lords, he didn't need to hold back this time.

Shang had summoned his Domain of Entropy and had compressed it into a small blade, which he had used to turn a part of the Abomination King's shoulder into Mana and Entropy.

An instant later, several arms shot at Shang, but they stopped just a meter away from him.

The Abomination King couldn't move its claws any closer to Shang because the sheer willpower exhibited by Shang was making it almost impossible for it to move its body.

The Abomination King's arms shook, but after half a minute, they stopped.

The arms slowly retreated back to the Abomination King, their movement much more relaxed than before.

Then, the Abomination King slowly lowered its head.

Shang had done it.

The Abomination King was so powerful that it could kill Shang faster than he could react, but his willpower had been powerful enough to completely suppress the Abomination King.

Theoretically, Shang could command the Abomination King to fly toward one of the three opposing Empires and detonate in their territories.

The detonation of this specific Abomination King would be about 20% as powerful as the detonation the Lightning Emperor had used against the Empress of Death.

If directly hit by it, even an Emperor could die.

However, Shang couldn't actually use that power.

The other Empires would immediately throw away all pretenses and charge into the Lightning Manor to kill the Lightning Emperor.

Additionally, Shang couldn't even summon more than one since it took all of his concentration to keep this one Abomination King in check.

Shang came closer to the Abomination King, and he willed it to lower its head further.

A moment later, the top of the Abomination King's head fell off, and Shang could see its mind.

Compared to normal beings, an Abomination's head didn't have a brain but a confusing network of black tendrils.

Shang had seen these tendrils many times already, and he used his Spirit Sense to enter a specific part of the mass of tendrils.

The next moment, Shang saw a humongous black sphere in front of him with several white cables all over it.

This was the soul of the Abomination King, and compared to the soul of the Abomination Lords, Shang could see that everything had become many times more complex.

Shang started probing several parts of the Abomination King's soul while he cataloged their function and the similarities to his own mind.

After a couple of hours, the Lightning Emperor left since Shang had everything under control.

Shang very quickly realized that he had done the correct thing by summoning the Abomination King.

Compared to the Abomination Lords, Shang could actually see how intelligence could be created in the Abomination King's mind.

This was what Shang needed.

As long as he could preserve his intelligence, he could expand his soul.

For the near future, Shang would just continue experimenting on different Abomination Kings.

Shang could tell...

There was a realistic chance that he might get his limbs back.