Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

957 Chapter 957 — Hidden Troubles

Shang was tempted to delete that part of his soul.

But after a couple of seconds, he decided against it.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

'Deleting something is different from changing something. I am not entirely certain how this part of my mind dictates my actions. I should wait.'

Shang continued experimenting on his mind and soul for another thousand years.

By now, Shang had gained a scarily deep mastery over his own soul, and his tests had almost all been successful.

The only problem was that Shang still couldn't fix the problem with Entropy's inherent dislike for Mana.

'There's no way around this. If I want to change my body, I need to change my soul, and changing my soul will change my mind and personality,' Shang thought.

'There are only 2,000 years of longevity left. I should join the tournament and prepare my Mana for when I become a Sword King. I don't immediately have to absorb the Mana after winning the tournament.'

Luckily, the tournament was in just a couple of years, and Shang could easily join.

"I am going to join the next tournament," Shang transmitted to the Lightning Emperor.

"I also think it's a good time to join the tournament," the Lightning Emperor answered. "Two Mage Kings died of old age in the last thousand years, which means that the next tournament has space for two winners."

"I will send you in together with one of my Thunders. Sadly, our newest Mage Lord with a fivefold Spirit Sense isn't ready yet."

Shang just nodded. "Tell me when and where I have to go."

"Of course," the Lightning Emperor answered. "Be ready to depart in about ten years."

Shang just cut the connection and started to focus on his techniques.

Under normal circumstances, Shang wouldn't need to fear any Mage Lord, but things would be different in this tournament.

The Empires would do everything in their power to stop Shang from participating as a warrior.

Only Mages would be allowed to participate, which meant that Shang couldn't use his sword or his Sword Mana.

Because of that, Shang had to change his fighting style for the tournament.

Eventually, it was time, and the Lightning Emperor appeared inside Shang's Isolation Barrier.

The Lightning Emperor nodded toward Shang. "The tournament will be held in front of the Judgment Palace. Whenever the tournament happens, the war is put on halt."

Shang just nodded back.

A moment later, the Lightning Emperor contacted the other person that would join Shang.

A tall man with white hair appeared in front of Shang.

As soon as the man saw Shang, his brows furrowed, but then, a smirk appeared on his face.

"Shang," Agon Skythunder said. "What a pleasure to see you."

"Agon," Shang said emotionlessly.

Agon chuckled a bit. "Yes, it's me. Surprised? Do you think you're the only one that can shock people?"

Shang didn't answer for a while.

The Lightning Emperor was surprised that these two actually knew each other.

"He knows that I'm the Child of Calamity," Shang suddenly said.

The Lightning Emperor's and Agon's eyes shot open in shock.

But before any of them could say anything, Shang said something. "Make sure that he doesn't have some kind of failsafe that will release my secret as soon as he dies."

Agon's eyes widened, but it was already too late.

Shang activated his Domain of Entropy, and Agon turned into nothingness.I think you should take a look at

The Lightning Emperor's expression turned bitter and helpless, but he did what Shang said and inspected his Empire.

A moment later, a Magic Circle buried beneath a random spot in the Lightning Manor was destroyed by the Lightning Emperor.

The Lightning Emperor had already analyzed the Magic Circle. It was a Magic Circle that would send a message to a couple of other people.

Naturally, the Lightning Emperor had already found out which people Agon wanted to contact and killed them.

Additionally, the Lightning Emperor noticed that a signal had left Agon's body when he died, but since they were inside an Isolation Barrier, the signal just died.

"Could you warn me the next time, please?" the Lightning Emperor asked with a sigh.

Shang just wordlessly nodded.

Shang had wanted to kill Agon as soon as he had seen him at the start of the war.

However, the problem had been that Shang knew that Agon wasn't stupid.

Shang had been certain that Agon had prepared some kind of failsafe in case Shang killed him.

On top of that, back then, Shang's status hadn't been comparable to his current one. Many questions would have popped up after Shang seemingly randomly killed one of his saviors.

But with the Lightning Emperor present, all of Agon's preparations had become useless.

After so long, Shang had finally gotten rid of this hidden danger.

"How am I going to explain this to Wester?" the Lightning Emperor mused with a sigh.

"How is this related to the Custodian?" Shang asked.

"Agon was his disciple," the Lightning Emperor said as he helplessly scratched the back of his head. "Even though he only managed to gain a fourfold Spirit Sense, he actually nearly managed to comprehend a level six Concept. Within the next millennium, he might have comprehended it."

"Sadly, he only had about 1,600 years of longevity left, and he didn't want to take a risk by waiting for the last tournament."

"If everything had worked out, he might have become a Mage King with a fivefold Spirit Sense. It was risky, but the chance had been there."

The Lightning Emperor sighed again. "Wester won't like this at all."

"Just tell him I did it," Shang said. "It's the truth anyway."

The Lightning Emperor still didn't like the situation, but there wasn't much he could do. After all, the deed had already been done, and he also believed that it was safer for Agon to die since he knew that Shang was the Child of Calamity.

Luckily, Agon hadn't told Wester about Shang's identity. Otherwise, Wester would have already told the Lightning Emperor about it.

"Seems like we have to go on our own," the Lightning Emperor said helplessly. "I thought Agon had a small chance. Sadly, he was the only one. Taking another Thunder with us will just doom them to die in the tournament."

Shang just nodded.

A moment later, the Lightning Emperor contacted the Empress of Death. He needed her permission to enter the Judgment Palace.

The Empress of Death agreed readily and without any issues.

In the past, the Lightning Emperor would have thought that Kali would want to make things difficult for him, but not anymore.

Shang had already told the Lightning Emperor about King Sanctified Death's plan. Kali was part of that plan, which meant that they were secretly allies.

The Lightning Emperor wasn't the biggest fan of eradicating all of Aterium, but since King Sanctified Death wouldn't kill him, he wasn't that opposed to the idea anymore.

As long as the Lightning Emperor could leave the world, he could accept such a development.

It was quite funny, actually.

The entire war had started with the Lightning Emperor killing Kali's husband and killing two of her Mage Kings.

But now, near the end of the war, they were allies again.

A portal appeared in front of the Lightning Emperor, and the two of them stepped through.