Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

958 Chapter 958 — Shock

The Lightning Emperor and Shang appeared in the sky in front of the actual Judgment Palace.

Shang had only been in two Empires before, the Lightning Manor and the Twilight Dusk Empire.

This was the first time Shang entered the Judgment Palace, and he even arrived in front of their actual center of power.

As soon as Shang arrived, his mind was drawn to the edge of his Spirit Sense.

The Death Pit.

Shang had been inside two Death Pits until now. One had been created by him by accident while transforming into weird flesh figures, and the other one had been created by the Judgment Palace during the war.

The first Death Pit had been just a bit of Death Mana, and the second one had been dense enough to even create a bit of Death Mana that had the Concept of Exodus.

But this one was filled to the brim with Death Mana with the Concept of Exodus.

The Death Mana was aggressive and trying to escape to destroy all the life in its surroundings, but a huge and constant wave of Life Mana kept it isolated.

After looking at the Death Pit for a bit, Shang looked at the present people.

The two of them hadn't been the first to arrive, and Shang also saw the other Emperors for the first time in his life.

The Emperors had appeared around Shang in the past, but they had always been too far away from him. His Spirit Sense hadn't been big enough to actually see them.

But now, he could.

Of course, the first that immediately jumped out in Shang's perception was the young woman with black hair, black lips, and black robes

She was surrounded by an unreal amount of Death Mana.

Naturally, she looked back when she noticed Shang looking at her.

Her eyes were grey and almost lifeless.

It was like a corpse was emotionlessly looking at Shang.

However, Shang could still feel her impossible power.

While the Lightning Emperor felt like a kind and regal emperor, she felt like a black bottomless abyss.

Naturally, this was Kali, the Empress of Death.

Floating below her were two women with black hair, but Shang felt no feeling of danger coming from them.

Yes, they were very powerful Peak Mage Lords, but they only had fourfold Spirit Senses.

Yet, the two of them were just as impressed as Shang was unimpressed.

Both of them had lived for over 20,000 years, but they still failed to completely hide their shock and fear.

One had to remember that, just like Shang had never seen the Emperors, all the enemy Mage Lords and weaker had never seen Shang for the same reason.

Their Spirit Senses hadn't been big enough to see him.

And while the Empress of Death definitely seemed imposing, Shang's appearance was just a slight bit scarier.

A bleeding white sheet that enclosed a torso, head, and arm.

Even more, Shang's Aura felt intense in every way that shouldn't be described as intense.

It felt hopeless, grey, and meaningless.

All these things weren't supposed to be described with the adjective intense, and yet, these feelings were so intense that they felt irresistible.Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Looking at Shang was like witnessing a wave of nothingness consuming the world without any power to stop it.I think you should take a look at

It didn't matter what anyone did. Everything would lose its meaning and vanish.

Lastly, the power Shang gave off was beyond insane.

In fact, the two Mage Lords felt like Shang's Aura could even compare to some of the weaker Mage Kings they had seen.

But Shang didn't care about their reactions.

Instead, Shang looked at the other Emperors who were present.

The feeling he got from them was different from the feeling he got from the Empress of Death.

Shang felt a brutal pressure suppressing him as he saw the Emperors' intense eyes.

Until now, all the Emperors had believed that Shang had died. After all, he had been bathed in an insane amount of Death Mana using the Concept of Exodus.

No one in the Seventh Realm could possibly resist something like that!

So, when Shang suddenly appeared in front of them after thousands of years, their shock wasn't small.

At this moment, all of the Emperors looked at Shang with a mix of shock, anger, and frustration.

And some of the Emperors that had actually never seen Shang before just felt shock and pity.

What had to have happened to someone to turn into something like this?!

They had heard that a huge part of Shang's soul had been destroyed or severely damaged, but actually seeing it themselves was something else.

Additionally, the intensity of Shang's Aura also shocked them.

As Emperors, they had felt an uncountable number of Auras, and they had only met a single person with such an intense Aura.

Abaddon.

Not even Lucius had had such a vivid and intense Aura!

And lastly, they felt a scary darkness coming from Shang, which didn't make him seem any better than King Sanctified Death.

In essence, Shang felt to them like another King Sanctified Death.

The few Mage Emperors that hadn't seen Shang before felt like the last bit of hope they had harbored had vanished.

Maybe, it wouldn't be so bad if Shang actually managed to kill King Sanctified Death?

Pfft, it didn't matter anymore.

Both were equally as bad.

Shang saw a couple of Peak Mage Lords beneath every Emperor, and nearly all of them looked at Shang with absolute horror and shock.

For several seconds, everyone just looked at Shang.

The couple of Mage Emperors rapidly talked to each other, and their expressions changed very quickly.

In the end, their expressions all settled on a dark and threatening look.

They would deal with Shang in this tournament.

Naturally, the Emperors also talked to their combatants in the tournament, and they quickly formed several plans.

But, of course, the tournament wouldn't just begin like this.

"Why is a warrior here?" the Twilight Dusk Emperor, Amon Gus, asked.