Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

959 Chapter 959 — Domain

Naturally, no one spoke up after Amon Gus asked that question. After all, every other Emperor also had issues with Shang.

It was one thing to have someone like Abaddon become a Mage Emperor, but it was something different when it was a warrior.

All the Emperors had been amongst Lucius' group in the past, and they still remembered how the world had been back then.

Right now, there was no war between different Paths since the Mage Path was supreme, but as soon as some Paths managed to recover, the Path wars would resume.

These wouldn't just be normal wars, but wars with the goal of eradicating the strongest people of another Path.

Additionally, Lucius had commanded that no other Path was allowed to reach the Ninth Realm again, and if Shang reached the Eighth Realm, there might be a chance that he would reach the Ninth Realm somehow.

The Emperors already suspected that Abaddon might be able to kill and consume an Emperor.

Shang might be able to do the same thing as a Warrior King.

Even more, deep inside, another thought appeared in the Emperors' minds.

Abaddon had been born to two Emperors with an unprecedented Affinity.

Yet, this warrior had created his Path himself, and he had only appeared when he was already at the Fifth or Sixth Realm.

Because of that, the Emperors were very wary of Shang.

"Why can't a warrior join?" Gregorio asked Amon Gus.

"This is the Grand Mage Tournament," Amon Gus answered. "Not the Grand All-Around Tournament."

"Then rename it," Gregorio said with a snort. "There have never been any rules regarding who can join. It's all about the Realm."

"Peak Mage Lord," Amon Gus said. "I don't think it would be accurate to say your little ghost is a Peak Mage Lord. It looks more like a Peak Beast Lord."

The two of them just looked at each other.

BANG!

The Mana Shield around Amon Gus rippled as a white beam hit it.

Amon Gus snorted as he looked at Shang, who had just shot the white beam at him.

"The level five Concept of Light, Laser," Amon Gus said as he looked at Shang. "I guess this can be partially considered Magic."

Surprisingly, Gregorio only looked at Amon Gus with a raised eyebrow.

Kali also turned to Amon Gus.

The other Emperors were not certain why Kali had shown a reaction but also looked at Amon Gus.

𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

That was when they realized something shocking and quite entertaining.

There was Death Mana with the Concept of Sickness sticking to the spot where the laser had hit Amon Gus' Mana Shield.

Death Mana was very difficult to perceive, but the Emperors all had their ways, including Amon Gus.

And yet, Amon Gus hadn't noticed.

The Death Mana slowly kept absorbing the Mana of Amon Gus' Mana Shield.

Maybe, in a couple of minutes, it would become powerful enough to actually kill him?I think you should take a look at

The Emperors were shocked that Shang had comprehended at least one Death Concept, but it was also quite funny that Amon Gus didn't notice the Death Mana.

When everyone looked at Amon Gus, he realized that something must be up, and he inspected his body.

That was when he found the Death Mana on his Mana Shield.

Amon Gus gritted his teeth in rage and frustration as he got rid of the Death Mana.

This was a humiliation!

"How about we ask Bina Ching to officiate this dispute," Gregorio said with a chuckle. "I think she's more fit for the position since she isn't involved in the war."

Bina Ching, the Darkcold Empress, had always been one of the most rational ones among the group. She didn't say a lot, but when she said something, it was something important.

Amon Gus would normally have spoken up, but right now, he felt too humiliated.

A warrior in the Seventh Realm had managed to essentially "paint" his Mana Shield without him noticing.

Naturally, he wanted to kill Shang more than anything, but he couldn't do that.

Bina Ching glanced at Gregorio before she looked at Shang.

Shang felt a dark pressure descend on his body. Anyone else would have been unable to move, but to Shang, this was just one more disturbing factor among many.

"It is the Grand Mage Tournament," Bina Ching said. "Magic is what decides the Victor."

"Domains are Magic," Shang said, his emotionless voice appearing in everyone's mind.

The Emperors looked at Shang with displeased expressions.

All the other Peak Mage Lords were below their Emperors and didn't dare to speak up, but Shang was actually on the same level as all the other Emperors, and he even dared to speak up.

Bina Ching just kept looking at Shang.

"Domains created of one or more Concepts," Bina Ching answered.

This made it difficult for Shang to argue his point. While his Domain of Entropy was essentially made with the level five Concept of Transformation, Shang couldn't tell them.

Telling them about the Concept of Transformation would be like telling them that he knew Anti-Magic.

While knowing Anti—Magic wouldn't be bad, being the Child of Calamity would be very bad, and Shang couldn't guarantee that one of the Emperors hadn't already made the connection that Lucius had actually been the Child of Calamity.

Telling them that he knew Anti-Magic could lead to them realizing Shang was the Child of Calamity.

Because of that, Shang had to act like his Domain came from the Domain Controller Path, and he couldn't possibly erase any Mana.

Shang would only use it to turn some aggressive Spells into Mana.

Anti-Magic and Abominations turned Mana into nothingness. So, if Shang only turned Mana from one state into another, it would only seem like a unique and powerful Domain.

Sadly, that Domain had never been created by a Mage, and the Emperors basically knew all the Concepts that existed.

Shang couldn't possibly lie and tell them that he made his Domain with a certain Concept.

So, he was stuck with saying his Domain came from the Domain Controller Path.

Shang and Bina Ching just looked at each other.

"If I may speak up, Aunt Bina."