Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

961 Chapter 961 — Teams

When Nivera said that Abaddon represented the next evolutionary step of Mages, the Emperors looked at him with complex expressions.

Yes, Abaddon was a genius on the same level as Lucius, but compared to Lucius, Abaddon hadn't been under constant danger that forced him to rush his foundation.

Abaddon was already around 60,000 years old.

When Lucius was at that age, he had already ascended to become a God.

And yet, all of this still left a bitter taste in the Emperors' mouths.

After all, Abaddon was the last person they wished such great power on.

"I believe we have to change our definition of Magic," Nivera said. "Abaddon is right. With our current definition of Magic, he doesn't fit into the category. Yet, everyone can clearly see and feel that he is a Mage."

"Therefore, we have to change our definition of what constitutes Magic."

The Emperors silently accepted Nivera's words.

"So, we are in agreement," Bina Ching proclaimed.

The other Emperors nodded.

After that, Bina Ching turned to Gregorio. "Your candidate is allowed to use his Domain in the tournament."

"However, you have to keep in mind that Weapon Mana, weapons, and techniques that are obviously related to weapons and Weapon Mana are prohibited. Any usage of these techniques will disqualify your candidate from the tournament."

"Do you agree?" she asked.

"Of course," Gregorio said with a serious expression.

Naturally, Gregorio still wasn't happy. After all, Shang should be allowed to take part in the tournament without restrictions.

Nevertheless, he had to accept the judgment of the Emperors.

The time to fight all of them hadn't arrived yet.

"Good," Bina Ching said before turning to Kali. "Then, you can start the tournament."

Kali had been acknowledged as the true second-strongest after Lucius back then, which was why they had given her the honor of running the tournament.

Gregorio hadn't voiced any protests back then.

Kali didn't look at Bina Ching. She just kept looking forward like she hadn't heard anything.

"The tournament starts," she silently said.

"Teams, step forward."

All the Mage Lords floated upward a bit and stopped in front of their Emperors.

"As always, the arena will be the skies above the Judgment Palace," Kali said as she drew a line in the air.

The next moment, a huge Magic Circle appeared in the sky, which then created a humongous arena.

"The diameter of the arena is 100,000 kilometers," Kali explained. "The walls are indestructible for anyone beneath the Mage Emperor Realm."

"Since there are two open spots this time, we are going to hold a team battle, which means that one Empire will gain two Mage Kings today."

At that moment, Gregorio narrowed his eyes. "Wait a second! That is a new rule!"

"It is not," Kali said calmly but coldly without even looking at Gregorio. "247,000 years ago, we did just that. I don't see why we shouldn't do that again."

Gregorio gritted his teeth. "That's unfair! I only have one candidate!"

"No, you have two," Kali said. "You announced that you would come with two candidates. I explicitly told everyone to bring two candidates for this tournament."

The image of the dead Agon flashed through Gregorio's mind.

"The second candidate that I announced can't come," Gregorio said with narrowed eyes. "Can I quickly get a replacement?"

Originally, Gregorio hadn't cared that Shang was fighting alone. After all, the tournament was always one versus one, and he didn't have a second person that could win against every other opponent.

But now, things were different!I think you should take a look at

Shang needed someone that could distract one of his opponents.

Sure, if Shang could fight with all of his powers, it wouldn't matter, but he couldn't!

The Emperors just scoffed at Gregorio's question.

Get another candidate?

Obviously not!

"Fine."

The Emperors turned with shock to Kali.

"But to make it fair, you can't get someone with a fourfold Spirit Sense."

This made a glimmer appear in the Emperors' eyes.

No fourfold Spirit Sense?

They all realized that Kali had worded everything very precisely.

If Gregorio wanted Shang to win, the best bet would be to send in an old Thunder whose longevity would soon run out. These Thunders generally knew four level five Concepts, making them only inferior to Mage Lords with a fivefold Spirit Sense that managed to comprehend a level six Concept.

But those were now off the table.

Which left only two options.

A very powerful person with a threefold Spirit Sense.

Or someone with a fivefold Spirit Sense.

Yes, Kali had said no one with a fourfold Spirit Sense. She had not said no one with a fourfold Spirit Sense or stronger.

However, everyone knew that the only Mage Lord in the Lightning Manor with a fivefold Spirit Sense had, at most, comprehended three level five Concepts. They were only about as strong as the average Thunder, even with their strong Spirit Sense.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

So, if Gregorio wanted to win this tournament, he would need to put a future Mage King on the line.

And even if Gregorio won, his future Mage King would just become a Mage King earlier, not giving him an additional one.

Gregorio was beyond frustrated.

The other Emperors were obviously trying to suppress him with all of the rules.

He wanted to fight them immediately, but he knew that he couldn't win.

He needed Shang.

'Why is Kali doing this?!' Gregorio thought with frustration. 'We are supposed to be hidden allies!'

Obviously, transforming the tournament into a team tournament was throwing a huge obstacle in front of Shang.

Kali only needed to start the tournament like always, and things would most likely be fine!

As Gregorio looked at Kali, he felt disdain coming from her.

At that moment, Gregorio's eyelids slightly twitched.

It was very subtle, but he had noticed something.

The kind of disdain Kali was feeling for Gregorio wasn't the kind of a strong enemy dominating a weaker one.

No, it was the kind of disdain one felt when someone else refused their gift because they were not smart enough to understand its value.

It basically meant, "You fucking idiot."

"Fine," Gregorio said before he closed his eyes.

Three seconds later, a portal opened, and a person stepped through.

When the Emperors saw them, they had to hold back their smirks.

He fell for it!