Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

963 Chapter 963 - Siblings

Cynthia was still nervous, even though Shang seemed to be quite calm.

The Lightning Emperor had already explained to her that Shang wasn't able to use 90% of his power, making their chances of victory very small.

"Lightning Manor and Tower of Climate, enter the arena," Kali commanded.

Shang simply flew towards the arena and entered.

Cynthia was still uncertain, but there was nothing she could do but follow.

The Tower of Climate's team was comprised of a woman with blue hair and a man with red hair.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Shang could feel Light and Fire Mana come from the man, and Ice and Darkness Mana come from the woman.

Funnily enough, these two people together made up 80% of a Child of Calamity. They were only missing the special Entropy part that fused everything together.

When Jenny Greenhouse had heard that this would be a team tournament, she had actually become hopeful that they might win.

Originally, she was just here since she had to participate. She hadn't been confident in winning at all.

Her two contestants were brother and sister, and they had always been together. In fact, they had even refused to join the tournament unless they could both join at once.

Sadly, this also came with some disadvantages.

If they were more willing to split up, maybe, they could have even comprehended a level six Concept.

The two of them were extremely talented, but since they never split up, one of the two of them was always just watching without improving their power since their Affinities were opposites of each other.

And yet, none of them regretted their choice.

They just wanted to live together until the end, and they were doing just that.

The two of them looked at each other and nodded simultaneously.

A moment later, they flew into the arena while they held their hands.

Since the arena had a diameter of 100,000 kilometers, the two sides couldn't see each other, and they just waited for the signal to start.

"Benign or malicious?" Kali asked Gregorio and Jenny.

"Benign," Gregorio answered first.

Amon Gus and Brutus Cesar frowned. They would have liked it more if Gregorio had been more aggressive.

Jenny seemed uncertain.

She had voted for benign earlier, but that was more of a general thing for her.

Right now, her team was fighting the united enemy of all Mage Emperors.

If she said malicious, her team might very well die.

If she said benign, the other Emperors would very likely make life difficult for her.

After all, if there ever were a time to step up for the world, it would be now.

Should she?

...

"Malicious."

The expressions of the Emperors didn't change, but deep inside, they smirked.

Finally, Jenny had given in.

She had always been on the sidelines in this conflict, but now, she had been forced to choose a side.

And she had chosen theirs.

In the end, the decision had come down to the two contestants Jenny had sent in.

They only had around 3,000 years left, and they weren't strong enough to win a tournament, except for this team tournament.

And, well, since this was the only tournament they could win, losing and death would basically mean the same thing for the Tower of Climate.

If they won, it didn't matter whether the fights were malicious or benign. They would survive either way.I think you should take a look at

And if they couldn't, it would barely make a difference.

"The fight will be malicious. The arena will only open after both members of one team are dead," Kali announced.

Naturally, Kali's voice also reached the two teams in the arena.

And their reactions?

Shock and anger.

Cynthia believed that the Lightning Emperor wouldn't want to hurt Jenny Greenhouse after she had voted for benign, which meant that Jenny Greenhouse had betrayed their goodwill!

Meanwhile, the other team believed that their Emperess couldn't have possibly voted for malicious since she had already made a statement earlier by voting for benign, which meant that it could have only been the Lightning Emperor.

In essence, both teams believed that the other one had become the aggressor and started the conflict.

"Start!" Kali announced.

Cynthia summoned her Focus and her Mana Shield.

"Don't," Shang said as he held his single arm in front of Cynthia.

"What don't?" Cynthia asked in shock and frustration.

"Don't use your Mana Shield."

At that moment, Cynthia's eyes shot open in shock.

"I need you to do two things," Shang transmitted two her.

"First, I need you to link your body to mine. I will be the one evading the enemy Spells, and you will simply follow me." "Second, I need you to only focus on a single thing."

"Attack."

"I am defense. You are offense."

Cynthia was skeptical and shocked.

She gritted her teeth in frustration, but eventually, she conceded.

After all, she was only here due to Shang. She didn't trust Shang, but she trusted in Shang's talent and power.

"Fine," she said.

An instant later, a couple of chains of durable and flexible metal bound her to Shang's back, and she started to focus on casting Spells.

Shang noticed that Cynthia had started to focus on her Spells.

The next moment, Shang cast a couple of Spells on his own.

While Shang couldn't keep up with the magical abilities of the contestants here, Shang's magical abilities still put him at about the level of a Peak Mage Lord with a twofold or threefold Spirit Sense.

That was far more than enough to cast several powerful Spells.

Shang cast a couple of Spells that would get rid of the inertia in Cynthia's body.

After all, Mages either used Mana Step or flew very slowly.

If Shang started to shoot forward, Cynthia might turn into a pile of mush.

Naturally, Cynthia noticed the Spells Shang had cast on her and sneered.

She had already activated similar Spells with the same effect.

She didn't- oooooOOOOOH!

Suddenly, the world around her turned into a blur, and Cynthia felt like she had just used Mana Step.

For a short moment, Cynthia completely stopped casting Spells as she tried to come to terms with the sheer speed she was experiencing.

This speed was absolutely ridiculous!

In nearly an instant, she had already found her opponents with her Spirit Sense.

They had already traveled that far?!