Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

964 Chapter 964 — The First Round

The two siblings were already preparing several powerful Spells.

The air around them had already transformed into a chaotic storm of fire and ice, creating a destructive and powerful barrier.

Any Spell needed to punch through that barrier first.

The next moment, an impossibly fast black beam of light shot right toward Shang.

The beam was so fast that not even Shang's speed could keep up.

Luckily, Shang had prepared his own Spell.

Shang needed longer to cast Spells than Mages, but his Spells weren't weaker.

In fact, since Shang's mind was half a level stronger than other Peak Mage Lords due to his Transformation, his Spells were actually more powerful.

Shang pointed at the Spell, and a moment later, a white beam shot towards the black beam.

Thanks to the increased power of Shang's mind, his beam managed to withstand the combined beam of his two opponents just long enough for him to evade.

Naturally, Shang's opponents immediately launched a barrage of Spells, but Shang could avoid most of them.

However, there were also Spells that Shang had to deal with.

Spells like fire spears, darkness needles, or icicles were not an issue for Shang to sidestep, but Spells like huge fire waves or lasers were not things that Shang could avoid. They were either too fast or too big.

Usually, Shang would just use Sword Blood while he prepared Sword Heart. Alternatively, he could have also just used World Connection to destroy the Spells or even just used his sword to block.

Although, that also wouldn't be accurate since Shang wouldn't even be in this situation to begin with. He would have killed both of his opponents already.

But, well, there wasn't much he could do right now.

"You done anytime soon?" Shang asked as he rapidly kept dodging.

"Give me a bit more time," Cynthia answered calmly.

Surprisingly, Cynthia seemed extremely if calm and serious.

Although, maybe that wasn't surprising. After all, she was a Peak Mage Lord with a fivefold Spirit Sense. Someone like that had to have a powerful mindset.

Shang didn't ask why Cynthia needed more time and just continued dodging.

A moment later, two extremely powerful and huge Spells shot at Shang.

They had too much Mana to counter, and Shang wasn't fast enough to evade.

SHING!

So, Shang used Mana Step and moved both of them away.

Surprisingly, Mana Step only cost a slight bit more Mana than usual. Cynthia's body was barely heavier than nothing compared to Shang's weight.

Naturally, fights between Mages took forever because of Mana Shield, Mana Step, and their rapid Mana regeneration.

Equally powerful Mage Lords could fight for hours and would exchange millions of Spells.

No one had been surprised that Shang managed to avoid.

The siblings used these Spells to force Shang to use more Mana than them, giving them an edge in Mana.

After all, Mana Step was just too expensive.

"Get in close," Cynthia transmitted to Shang.

SHING!

In an instant, Shang used two Mana Steps and arrived directly in front of the woman with blue hair.

For a moment, Cynthia's eyes shot open. 'Not THAT close!'

Nevertheless, Cynthia didn't hesitate and immediately released her prepared Spells. 20 thin and long drill heads, loaded to the brim with lightning, exploded out from her and hit the woman's Mana Shield.

CRACK!

The Mana Shield broke in an instant, and ten of the drill heads shot through the woman's body, turning her into ash.

Silence.

The red-haired man looked with shock at the place where his sister had been, and a moment later, determination and hatred appeared in his eyes.

BOOOOOM!

Yet, Shang released his own prepared Spells while Cynthia unloaded a couple more of her own.

The man tried to get close to them, but Shang easily outran him.

Moments later, the man died as well.

"Lightning Manor, victorious," Kali announced.

Outside, Jenny Greenhouse just sighed.

Gregorio glanced at her, no empathy in his eyes.I think you should take a look at

When Gregorio had originally talked to Shang about the entire God business, he still wanted some of his friends to survive.

But now, he didn't care anymore.

They had all united against him.

So what if they died?

Maybe, it wouldn't be so bad after all.

Maybe, helping Abaddon wasn't such a bad idea after all.

Shang and Cynthia exited the arena and stopped behind the Lightning Emperor.

"Everyone saw how you fought," Cynthia transmitted to Shang and the Lightning Emperor. "We need a plan against future strategies."

Shang didn't answer.

Gregorio just chuckled a bit.

"Cynthia, don't worry. Shang hasn't even used any of his abilities yet."

Cynthia became shocked once again. "Of course, Ancestor."

Gregorio just chuckled again.

"Twilight Dusk Family versus the Darkcold Fortress," Kali announced. "Teams, enter the arena."

The two teams entered the arena.

"Benign of malicious?" Kali asked.

"Benign," Amon Gus said.

"Benign," Bina Ching echoed.

"This fight will be benign," she announced.

"Start!"

The two teams fought, but there was no suspense in the fight.

Even though both sides consisted of Mage Lords with fourfold Spirit Senses, the Twilight Dusk Family had the upper hand from the very beginning.

The Darkcold Fortress lost after just a couple of seconds.

Both sides bowed in respect to each other and left the arena.

"Event Horizon versus Deepsteel Pearl," Kali announced.

The two teams entered, and the two Emperors both said that the fight would be benign.

This time, the fight was actually very intense and took a long time.

However, after around 20 minutes, Shang already became disinterested and bored. It was always the same.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Shang had already seen the same Spell thousands of times in these 20 minutes, and the fight became very stale.

The fight took a total of 13 hours, which was beyond ridiculous.

In the end, the Event Horizon won.

The two sides bowed in respect and left the arena.

"Judgment Palace versus Land and Sky Pillar," Kali announced.

Yes, surprisingly, Kali had chosen the Land and Sky Pillar as her first opponent, which was strange for two reasons.

First, they were allies.

Second, the Land and Sky Pillar was the only Empire, other than the Lightning Manor, with a Mage that had a fivefold Spirit Sense.

"Benign or malicious? I choose benign," Kali said.

Brutus Cesar was quite annoyed with Kali.

After all, her intentions were clear to him.

She just wanted to get a quick out of the tournament. Her two allies should take care of the Lightning Manor, while she just left the tournament without any issues.

Naturally, Brutus Cesar wasn't the biggest fan of that, but for the sake of the alliance...

"Benign," Brutus Cesar said neutrally.

"The fight will be benign," Kali announced. Naturally, there was no suspense in the fight

The Judgment Palace lost within two seconds.

The two teams bowed in respect and left the arena.

"The Sungod Mountain versus the Lightning Manor."