Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

965 Chapter 965 - Slap

Shang's opponents were two men. One of them had fiery red hair, and the other had greyish-brown hair.

Shang could feel a ton of Gravity and Fire Mana come from one of them, and a lot of Gravity and Earth Mana come from the other.

Both teams entered the arena.

"Both of them have a Gravity Affinity," Cynthia transmitted to Shang.

"I know," Shang answered.

"Is there anything you have planned? Gravity Affinities are the best at controlling an opponent's speed," Cynthia transmitted.

"Just focus on killing them," Shang answered.

Cynthia glared at Shang, but she didn't protest.

She felt like Shang was taking all of this too lightly, but she also knew that she was only here to support Shang.

If they died, it would be his fault!

"Benign or malicious?" Kali asked.

Gregorio looked coldly at Linastra.

She was the last Emperor that hadn't yet shown enmity toward him.

"Benign," Gregorio said coldly.

The other Emperors looked at Linastra with shining eyes.

Linastra snorted in disgust.

"Benign."

The Emperors subtly narrowed their eyes, but Linastra just looked away in disgust.

Gregorio shot a look at Linastra.

He hadn't expected that Linastra would be willing to stand against all her friends.

Linastra's Empire was at the southeastern end of Aterium, on the opposite end of the world.

This made it impossible for the Lightning Manor to help her in any way.

By going against the other Emperors, she had essentially put herself alone against several Empires.

Especially Jenny's Empire to Linastra's north might become troublesome since Jenny had just decided to sacrifice two of her people for the other Empires.

"The fight will be benign," Kali announced.

When the teams heard that, they were quite surprised.

Cynthia released a sigh of relief, just like her two opponents.

Shang didn't care.

"Start!" Kali announced.

Shang shot forward with Cynthia behind him.

Just a bit later, Shang saw his two opponents preparing a humongous black hole and launched it at Shang and Cynthia.

When Cynthia noticed the approaching black hole, she became terrified.

She didn't have a Mana Shield active, and if she got close to that black hole, her body would be torn apart!

So, she quickly started to cast Mana Shield.

SLAP!

Suddenly, her world vibrated, and she felt her head almost leaving her body.

With shock, she looked at Shang...

Who had just backhanded her.

"Don't use Mana Shield," Shang coldly transmitted.

Cynthia was in so much shock that she didn't cast any Spells for a while.

Meanwhile, the black hole came closer and closer.

Instead of avoiding it, Shang flew towards it.

Suddenly, the Gravity Mana in front of Shang started to rapidly dissipate and turn into Neutral Mana.

Compared to normal Spells, Gravity Mana often didn't get compressed but expanded.

The density of the Gravity Mana wasn't very high, which allowed Shang's Domain of Entropy to easily and safely transform it into Neutral Mana.I think you should take a look at

When the Emperors saw the Gravity Mana turn into Neutral Mana, their minds reeled in shock.

They had never seen anything like this!

Immediately, the Domain of the Abominations shot through their minds, but Abominations only deleted Mana.

They couldn't transform one kind of Mana into another one!

The Emperors' minds rapidly thought of infinite ways to create a domain with such an effect, but they never found one.

Not even Domain Controllers could use such a Domain!

What the hell was this Domain?!

While the Emperors were shocked by Shang's Domain, Cynthia was shocked that she was still alive.

Even more, the effect of gravity on her body was negligible.

Lastly, she was surrounded by an insanely dense cloud of Mana!

Shang's slap vanished from Cynthia's head as her instincts took over, and she started to rapidly cast offensive Spells.

The insanely dense cloud of Natural Mana around her sped up her Mana regeneration even more, and she didn't even need to save any Mana anymore! Cynthia cast one expensive Spell after the other and prepared them.

Meanwhile, their opponents noticed with shock that their black hole had failed, and they started to launch their own Spells.

Sadly, fire and earth weren't the fastest Elements.

Shang didn't have many problems avoiding their Spells.

Some moments later, Cynthia unleashed her prepared Spells on one of her opponents.

SHING!

The opponent vanished and reappeared outside the arena.

In benign fights, Kali would save someone before they died.

Naturally, to make it fair, she only saved someone after their Mana Shield broke.

At that point, they would be out of Mana anyway, which meant that they had lost.

The other opponent saw that he was alone.

"I concede!" he shouted.

Shang stopped moving.

A moment later, the first opponent appeared inside the arena again.

Cynthia and her two opponents bowed in respect.

Shang didn't move.

Naturally, the two opponents felt disrespected, but they didn't complain.

Shang and Cynthia left the arena.

"If you do that again, I will refuse to fight in the next fight," Cynthia transmitted with seething fury to Shang.

"If you want to die, be my guest," Shang answered.

Cynthia's rage exploded.

"Calm down, Cynthia," Gregorio transmitted with a helpless smile. "Shang's Domain turns all kinds of Mana into Neutral Mana. If you were to use your Mana Shield, his Domain would also drain you of Mana. You would be out of Mana in an instant."

Surprisingly, this made Cynthia even angrier.Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

"Then, why didn't he just tell me?!" she transmitted with aggression. "If I had known that, I would have never even tried to use Mana Shield!"

Shang didn't answer.

Cynthia wasn't angry because of the slap anymore but because of Shang's absolute lack of communication.

The two of them were a team, and they needed to work together, but Shang just kept refusing to communicate with her and just ordered her to do whatever he wanted!

How was she supposed to stay calm in this situation?!

While this fight had been benign, the next one would definitely be malicious again!

She was fighting with her life on the line, and this asshole refused to communicate with her!

She was trying to help him!

Gregorio just sighed. "Shang is special," he transmitted. "His social skills are near zero, but he is probably the most talented and hardworking person that has ever existed. I know it's difficult, but just do what he says for the next two fights. After that, you don't have to interact with him again."

Cynthia gritted her teeth.

"Fine," she said with barely controlled anger.