Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

966 Chapter 966 - Semi—Final

"Twilight Dusk Family versus the Event Horizon," Kali announced.

The two entered the arena, and the two Emperors made the fight benign.

But while the two teams fought, the Emperors weren't paying any attention to the fight.

Instead, they all looked at Shang.

His Domain...

What was his Domain?

Where did it come from?

It was so strange.

They could feel that Shang's Domain included at least one Concept, which technically classified it as a Spell.

And yet, none of the Emperors knew what kind of Concept Shang's Domain used.

Of course, the Emperors also noticed that there was more to Shang's Domain, but they also couldn't find out anything about that.

Shang's Domain was a mystery.

Like, what Concept would even give someone the power to transform Gravity Mana into Neutral Mana?

Was the Concept Gravity related?

Probably not. After all, all the Emperors already knew the level six Concept of Gravity, Singularity.

Naturally, some eyes also fell on the watching King Sanctified Death. Abaddon's Domain was just as mysterious and strange as Shang's Domain.

Just like with Shang, the Emperors couldn't find out how Abaddon's Domain worked.

Yet, not finding out how Abaddon's Domain worked felt much more acceptable than not finding out how Shang's Domain worked.

One was the most talented Mage that had ever lived.

But the other guy was just a warrior!

Yes, he was the most talented warrior that had ever lived, but he was technically using a Spell!

He wasn't even a Mage!

Most of the Emperors hated this feeling.

It was one thing to see someone with vast potential that could maybe rival the strongest person in the future, but it was something different to see it actually happen.

It transformed from a possibility to a reality.

Even more, the feeling that Shang's Domain gave them was also similar to Abaddon's Domain in another category.

Quality.

Abaddon's Domain felt like it was fundamentally a level above what a Mage could do.

And Shang's Domain felt very similar.

It was like Shang had created something that couldn't be created or used by normal people.

It was something greater.

Something of a higher level.

A higher reality, maybe.

It was like this Domain came from a stronger world than Aterium.

Meanwhile, Abaddon just looked at Shang with a friendly smile.

No one knew what Abaddon was thinking.

The fight between the Twilight Dusk Family and the Event Horizon took about 30 minutes.

In the end, the Twilight Dusk Family won, and they entered the final.

"Land and Sky Pillar versus the Lightning Manor," Kali announced.

Shang had already seen his opponents fight.

The Mage with the fourfold Spirit Sense had an Earth and Metal Affinity, while the Mage with the fivefold Spirit Sense had a Wind and Water Affinity.

The Mage with the Wind and Water Affinity reminded Shang of that one Mage he had helped in Area 23. That one had also comprehended a Complex Concept related to water and wind.

Naturally, these two people were as far away from each other in talent as it got. After all, Shang's opponent had a fivefold Spirit Sense.

Even more, he knew the level six Concept of Wind, Allwind.

The four base Affinities, Fire, Earth, Wind, and Water, all had this kind of name for their strongest Concept.

Allwater, Allfire, Allearth, Allwind.I think you should take a look at

It simply represented the ultimate mastery over all of the Element.

After the two teams entered the arena, Kali asked the Emperors whether this fight was benign or malicious.

"Malicious," they both said at the same time.

No one was surprised.

"The fight will be malicious," Kali announced.

Naturally, the two teams also weren't surprised.

"Any plans?" Cynthia asked.

"Just cast offensive Spells," Shang answered.

Cynthia hadn't expected a different answer.

"Start," Kali announced.

Shang shot forward, and Cynthia readied her offensive Spells.

In nearly an instant, they could already see their opponents.

However, their opponents had been prepared for them.

Just like how Shang had seen his opponents fight, his opponents had seen him fight.

The Mage with the fourfold Spirit Sense stepped back while he was preparing Spells.

The Mage with the fivefold Spirit Sense stepped forward and launched his Spells at Shang.

They had seen how Shang's team had won the last two fights.

Both times, Cynthia had unleashed an irresistible avalanche of Spells from an unavoidable distance.

So, their opponents had decided that the Mage with a fourfold Spirit Sense would continuously prepare Spells, and when Cynthia inevitably unleashed her assault, he would simply unleash his assault as well.

While Cynthia was definitely more talented than him, Cynthia was missing a level five Concept, making him minimally stronger than her at this moment.

He would be able to block Cynthia's avalanche of Spells.

The wind in the arena started to pick up, and a humongous storm appeared.

Shang had already activated his Domain, but he still felt a significant force pushing against his body, slowing him down significantly.

The next moment, all the Wind Mana in the arena gathered at several small spots, turning them into violently spinning blades of wind.

CRK! CRK! CRK! CRK!

Surprisingly, Shang ran into the blades!Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

The Mana was scattered over too big of an area, making the attack dispersed enough that Shang could resist it with just his Domain and body.

When the Mage saw that, he narrowed his eyes, and all the Wind Mana gathered in way fewer spots.

SHING!

Suddenly, Shang appeared right in front of the Mage, but he wasn't afraid.

Just as planned, the other Mage unleashed his prepared assault on them.

Cynthia countered the other Mage's assault with her own, and the two waves of Spells canceled each other out.

The Mage with a fivefold Spirit Sense readied his own Spell with a smirk.

And then, his smirk froze.

Where was his Mana going?!

He was rapidly losing Mana!

A moment later, Shang pointed his finger at the Mage and a wave of terrifying faces in a cloud of black smoke shot at him.

At that moment, the Emperors realized how Shang could have survived Abaddon's attack!

The level five Concept of Death, Exodus!

The wave of faces stopped around the Mage's Mana Shield and started to eat it rapidly.

The Mage immediately canceled his Spell and used Mana Step...

But it didn't work!

He couldn't use Mana Step!

The Wind Mana in the arena started to vanish as the Mage used it to supplement his Mana Shield.

The Mage tried his best to run away, but Shang was faster!

And a full second later, the Mage died.