Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

967 Chapter 967 — Finale

Silence.

The Mage Emperors just looked with absolute shock at the arena as Shang and Cynthia killed the second Mage.

This was supposed to be the fight that killed Shang!

Instead, Shang just charged toward the Mage and just stood beside him until he died!

Everyone knew that Shang had a sixfold Spirit Sense, but someone with a fivefold Spirit Sense should have a shot at winning against Shang as long as Shang didn't use his body, Sword Mana, or weapon, right?

Sure, the gap between the levels was big, but it couldn't be THAT big, right?!

It was all because of this Domain and the level five Concept of Death, Exodus!

The Domain made it difficult for the Mage to gather the Elemental Mana he needed to cast Spells, and the Concept of Exodus tore through his Mana at rapid rates. At least, that was how the Emperors saw the fight.

One had to know that Mages with fivefold Spirit Senses had extremely powerful defenses. With a level six Concept, they could use the surrounding Mana in the arena to multiply the power of their Mana Shield.

That was also why Shang took a full second to kill the Mage.

A Mage with a fivefold Spirit Sense had a Mana Shield that was about ten to twenty times more powerful than someone with a fourfold Spirit Sense. The only drawback was that this kind of Mana Shield refilled much, much slower than the normal one.

A full second in a battle between such powerful Peak Mage Lords could almost be described as an eternity. If two mortal warriors were fighting, this would be about five minutes.

And yet, for an entire second, Shang managed to stay close to the Mage with a fivefold Spirit Sense.

ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

The Emperors were not happy at all.

The finale would be between the Lightning Manor and the Twilight Dusk Family, and the Twilight Dusk Family didn't have anyone with a fivefold Spirit Sense.

The chances that the Lightning Manor would win were over 99%.

"The Lightning Manor wins," Kali announced coldly.

Shang and Cynthia had already killed the second Mage.

The pressure on the other Emperors' shoulders increased.

They had gambled in this tournament, and they were about to lose the gamble.

By allowing Shang to participate in a weakened state, they had already consented to give him the Mana to become a Sword King if he won.

If they had simply stated that Shang wasn't allowed to participate since his main Path wasn't Magic, they wouldn't be in this troublesome situation.

But they had been greedy.

They wanted to kill Shang, no matter what!

They wanted to get rid of this danger!

After all, what if the Lightning Emperor decided to secretly kill one of his Mage Kings or Beast Kings to give Shang the Mana?

Sure, the other Emperors would immediately unite and attack both of them, no matter the cost, but it would still be extremely dangerous that Shang managed to become a Sword King.

On top of that, if the Lightning Emperor actually started to push Shang into the Sword Emperor Realm by somehow gathering a crazy amount of Mana in a short period of time, things might actually get extremely dangerous.

But now, all of that didn't matter!

Shang would become a Sword King without breaking any laws or rules!

As Cynthia flew back to the Lightning Emperor, she couldn't hold back an excited smile.

They had done it!

They would become Mage Kings!

They had just defeated the strongest team!I think you should take a look at

Shang's Aura hadn't changed one bit. It was almost like he didn't care.

"Good job," the Lightning Emperor told the both of them. "However, our victory isn't certain yet."

Cynthia's excitement levels lowered, and she nodded solemnly.

Shang didn't show any reactions.

Gregorio glanced at Amon Gus. Instead of fear, Gregorio saw determination in his eyes.

"Amon Gus is suspicious," Gregorio transmitted to the two of them. "He seems too calm. I fear that he has a plan."

Shang had already noticed that the two Mage Lords beneath the Twilight Dusk Emperor seemed suspiciously calm.

"Twilight Dusk Family versus the Lightning Manor," Kali announced.

The two teams entered the arena and waited.

Gregorio and Amon Gus looked at each other with solemn expressions.

"Benign or malicious?" Kali asked.

"Malicious," both of them said at the same time.

"The fight will be malicious," Kali announced to everyone.

Cynthia and Shang readied themselves, and their opponents did as well.

"Start," Kali announced.

An instant later, Shang shot forward, together with Cynthia.

Their two opponents appeared in their Spirit Senses a bit later.

Apparently, their two opponents were preparing two powerful Spells that used the strength of darkness with the speed of light.

When Shang was only about 5,000 kilometers away from them, he used Mana Step to immediately arrive in front of them.

At that moment, time seemed to stop as several things happened at the same time. The two Mage Lords from the Twilight Dusk Family looked with profound sadness at each other.

They knew that their end had come.

At the same time, Shang transmitted to Cynthia, "Mana Shield!"

On top of that, people noticed that Shang had actually arrived alone in front of his opponents.

Cynthia was still at the same place, 5,000 kilometers away!

An instant later, a Mana Shield appeared around Shang, and he stretched his hand toward his two opponents.

Simultaneously to the Mana Shield appearing, the two Mage Lords turned into weak husks, barely clinging to life. Gregorio narrowed his eyes when he saw that.

'They sacrificed all their Mana, soul, and life energy into that one Spell!'

Two Peak Mage Lords with fourfold Spirit Senses would use their entire existence to launch one attack.

No matter the outcome, they would soon die.

However, the attack they unleashed reached the strength and speed of a Mid Mage King.

Such a powerful attack was more than enough to kill Shang.

All the Emperors knew it.

This was the moment!

The moment that would decide the future!