Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

968 Chapter 968 — Judgment

A terrifying beam of black and white shot toward Shang.

The beam was barely two meters wide, but its destructive power was undeniable.

WHOOOM!

First, Shang released all of his Death Mana with the Concept of Exodus.

The black wave of terrifying faces compressed and became a thin cloud.

BANG!

The black and white beam shot through the black cloud like it didn't even exist, dispersing the faces.

Next, the beam entered Shang's Domain of Entropy.

As the beam traveled through it, it became thinner, but its speed didn't decrease.

With these two defenses, the beam had halfway dropped to the Early Mage King Realm.

Next, the beam hit Shang's Mana Shield.

It barely paused before Shang's Mana Shield broke into pieces.

However, the attack had finally reached the Early Mage King Realm.

At that moment, Shang evaluated his chances against the attack.

Due to Shang's fucked up Soul and mind, he couldn't even trust his instinct of danger.

He constantly felt like he was about to die, which made it extremely difficult to judge whether or not this attack would kill him.

Shang could tell that the attack was on the level of an Early Mage King with a fourfold or fivefold Spirit Sense, but he wasn't entirely sure what he needed to survive.

Sadly, Shang could only grit his teeth.

If Shang got hit by this attack without doing anything, he would almost certainly die.

He had to do something!

The next moment, all the Mana in the arena was absorbed by Shang.

Void Break!

At least with this, he could still argue with the Mage Emperors!

BOOOOOOOM!

The beam tore through Shang's outstretched arm, but it was slowed significantly.

In the end, the beam had shrunk quite a bit, and it hit the middle of Shang's chest. After tearing through half of Shang's chest, the beam stopped and dispersed. Shang had done the right thing.

If he hadn't increased his body by a level with Void Break, this attack would have killed him.

A moment later, Shang's body recovered to its peak condition.

In the distance, the two Mage Lords saw that Shang had survived, but they didn't care.

They were dead anyway.

BANG! BANG!

Cynthia launched two Spells, killing the two weak Mages.

The fight was over.

An instant later, the arena dispersed.

Cynthia and Shang felt themselves get pulled behind the Lightning Emperor, and the other Emperors glared with angry eyes at them.

"He cheated!"

"He used a warrior technique!"

"This was a malicious fight! The cheater must die!"

Amon Gus, Brutus Cesar, Nivera Preston, and Bina Ching were the loudest and angriest.

Jenny Greenhouse watched with gritted teeth but didn't say anything.

Isis Neweston and Linastra Boomwitch looked with gleaming eyes at everything that was happening.

Kali didn't look at anyone with her seemingly lifeless eyes.I think you should take a look at

"Silence," Kali spoke with a cold voice. Yet, the Mage Emperors continued to shout in anger.

BOOOOOOOM!

Suddenly, a world of death and darkness engulfed everyone.

The shouting immediately stopped, and all the Mage Emperors used several Spells to escape the sudden attack.

The cloud dispersed quickly, revealing shocked expressions.

"I said silence," Kali repeated.

Silence.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"Anyone in favor of disqualifying the warrior will come to my left. Anyone against it will come to my right. Anyone that doesn't mind can stay to the side," Kali said.

The Emperors glanced at each other.

Amon Gus, Bina Ching, Brutus Cesar, Jenny Greenhouse, Nivera Preston, and Isis Neweston came to Kali's left.

Gregorio was on Kali's right.

Linastra Boomwitch was neutral.

"Party for disqualification, state your case," Kali said coldly.

When the Emperors heard that, they slightly narrowed their eyes at Kali.

Kali lost the most to the Lightning Manor!

She should be the first to declare this a vote, not a debate!

As long as she declared this a vote, they would win!

Naturally, Kali got several voice transmissions, but she didn't answer any of them.

Some seconds later, Amon Gus flew forward.

"The warrior has used a Berserker technique to increase the defensive strength of his body. This is a tournament for Mages, and if he were a Mage, he would be dead. Since this was a malicious fight, the disqualified person should be executed!" he argued.

"Party against disqualification, state your case," Kali said.

Gregorio flew forward. "Shang has used something called Void Break. First of all, Void Break is a variation of Void Casting, which is a Mage technique. You have all seen how he has absorbed the Mana, just like when someone uses Void Casting!"

"Additionally, Shang has not used Void Break to attack his opponent but only to defend!"

"Lastly, his opponents have already run out of Mana before the attack even hit Shang. This means that the fight was already over at this point, making it irrelevant how Shang managed to survive their attack!"

Silence.

Kali glanced at Gregorio, who kept transmitting to her that they were secret allies.

Kali glanced at the other six Emperors, who were constantly questioning her about her loyalty and why she wasn't declaring Shang disqualified.

Then, Kali glanced at Abaddon, who only smiled politely while transmitting something.

Kali didn't show any reaction.

Some seconds later, she made her choice.

"Shang has used Mana Shield to protect himself from the attack," Kali said. "His Mana Shield was broken, removing all the Mana from his mind. After that, an attack of considerable power has struck him."

"A Peak Mage Lord can't survive such a powerful attack without Mana."

"His body and Void Break have played a more than significant role in his victory."

"Therefore, Shang is disqualified!"

Gregorio looked solemnly into Kali's eyes as the other Emperors became excited.

"As we have always done since time immemorial, anyone that is disqualified will not be allowed to participate in the tournament again. However, they will not be executed."

The excitement of the Emperors vanished, but it was still better than nothing that Shang wasn't allowed to reach the Sword King Realm legally.

This meant that the Lightning Emperor would need to advance Shang illegally, which would give everyone a reason to unite and kill him.

"Since the other contestant still had Mana and was alive, the Lightning Manor is declared the victor and will receive two Inheritor Spheres with enough Mana to become a Peak Mage King."

Kali looked at Gregorio. "But due to trust issues, the relevant two people are only allowed to become Mage Kings under my supervision."

"Due to his disqualification, Shang is not allowed to absorb either of these two Inheritor Spheres."