Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 98 Astor And Elver


The one that spoke to Shang was a tall man with short blue hair. He was probably around 19 years old, which was why Shang labeled him as a man instead of a boy. A truly gigantic, wide, and imposing sword was in his hands. The sword was probably one and a half meters long and half a meter wide.

A gigantic axe or hammer showed a feeling of ferociousness and brutality, while a sword showed versatility and composure. 

This gigantic sword exhibited a mixed feeling between those two.

It was ferocious and powerful, but there was also restraint inside it.

'He's powerful,' Shang thought as he looked at the guy, a glint of surprise visible in his eyes.

Why surprise?

Because Shang felt a mortal feeling of danger radiating off that man. 

That in and of itself wouldn't be that surprising, though. The surprising part was that he only had a body at the Late Soldier Stage, an entire level below Shang.

Yet, Shang could feel very clearly that, if the two of them were to fight seriously, Shang would most likely die.

'Sure enough, I have to work on my Battle-Strength,' Shang thought. 'I can deal incredibly well with beasts, but I'm still a newbie when it comes to other humans.'

"Yeah, go back to suckling on your mommy's tits," another guy shouted from the side with a ridiculing voice.

The blue-haired man frowned, and Shang looked over at the other guy that just shouted.

It was a relatively small man with long green hair. He had a long but thin sword in his hand, and his smile showed ridicule and arrogance. Shang guessed that he was around 17 years old.

When Shang saw the green-haired guy, he didn't feel threatened.

He definitely had quite some power to him, but he wasn't a real threat to Shang. Shang felt that, as long as he didn't become careless, he should easily win against him.

The green-haired guy wasn't even in the same world as the blue-haired man in terms of power.

"This is exactly why you are at the bottom of the class, Elver," the blue-haired man said with a rebuking tone as he looked at the green-haired guy, Elver. "How often have the teachers told you to feel everyone's power closely, even if their appearance isn't threatening?"

Elver frowned with discomfort. He definitely looked like someone that had been wrongfully accused. "Why are you blaming me? You were the one that said it first, Astor," Elver said with a wronged voice.

"I meant he should be in the Preparation Grade, not the younger grades," Astor said with annoyance. "He is at the Peak Soldier Stage."


"What?" Elver shouted with surprise. Then, he looked at Shang, and his eyes widened in shock. "How?"

But after a bit, Elver furrowed his brows. Then, he snorted. "Oh, no wonder. You're one of those noble kids, huh?"

Shang only looked at Elver with a neutral expression.

"Bet your family has stuffed all kinds of pills and medicine into your body. Bet you haven't even killed a Pest Cat before," Elver said with a ridiculing snort.

Astor only frowned, but he didn't say anything. In his perception, Shang's power also felt surprisingly weak for someone at the Peak Soldier Stage.

Astor could fight a couple of Peak Soldier Stage students equally, but he couldn't say that he could beat any of them easily…

Except for Shang.

Astor felt that he could beat Shang with a lot of confidence, which definitely wasn't normal.

However, Astor still reserved his judgment of Shang. Yes, Shang had a very weak Battle-Strength, but he was also way younger than them.

With a couple of years of training, he could easily close the gap.

Additionally, Astor felt a certain feeling coming from Shang.

Astor felt like Shang had seen his fair share of battles before.

Yet, that also didn't make much sense in Astor's mind. How could Shang's Battle-Strength be so weak if he had been in so many battles?

Because of all of these uncertainties, Astor reserved his judgment.

Meanwhile, Shang looked at Elver for a second before turning to Astor again.

"I'm in the correct grade," he said. "I'm part of the Advanced Caterpillar Class."

This surprised the listening students on the side.

It definitely wasn't normal to have someone with a more powerful body in a lower grade. After all, the power of the body was literally the sole criteria for which grade someone belonged to.

"Why are you in the Advanced Grade?" someone asked.

Shang looked over. 

pᴀɴdᴀ nᴏveʟ Women were few and far between in the Warrior's Academy. Most of them focused on Magic and the ones that couldn't often chose a different career. Because of that, there weren't that many women in this academy.


However, some of them still existed, like the person that had just asked Shang a question.

She had grey hair, but the hair color didn't make her seem old. It was obvious that this was her natural hair color. Contrary to what one might expect, she carried a huge and heavy war hammer. 

She was also rather tall, and she was filled with muscle all over. She definitely wasn't a pushover.

"I'm in this grade because I need to work on my Battle-Strength for the next two years," Shang answered. "I joined just a couple of days ago."

The grey-haired woman frowned, but she didn't say anything further.

"It's surprising that your parents can get such wealth and status but screw up raising a child to such a degree," Elver ridiculed from the side again. "Your body's so powerful, but your power is so weak. Don't your parents know-"

"You seem to be fully focused on my parents," Shang interrupted Elver. "Is that because you are unhappy with yours?"

Some of the students were positively surprised when they saw that the new guy bit back, and they looked at Elver expectantly.

Most of the students in the class had already grown annoyed by Elver's constant bullshit. In their eyes, he was acting like a child, looking for a fight with anyone he thought he could beat.

This reaction from the other students showed the difference between young teenagers and young adults. 

Oftentimes, the bullies in middle school and high school were the popular kids in the class. After all, they were powerful, dominant, and their insults were funny.

But later, those same people would be more on the unpopular side. Most students at that age were at the school or academy to learn, and they didn't want to be annoyed by someone constantly harassing someone else. Additionally, it appeared childish in their minds.

Elver had probably been one of the more popular kids in the first two grades, but after entering the Advanced Grade, things had suddenly changed.

When Elver heard Shang's words, he only snorted. "You think I'm stupid enough to enter a fistfight with someone at the Peak Soldier Stage? How about you crawl back to your nanny and suck on some more medicine?"

Shang didn't answer and looked at Astor instead. "When does the teacher normally come? I have a couple of questions."

Astor, who had returned to warming up by now, answered without looking at Shang. "He should be here any second now."

"Thanks," Shang said before becoming silent again.

Then, silence returned.

Most of the students went back to doing whatever they were doing previously, while Elver kept throwing sneers at Shang.

The grey-haired woman also threw Shang some frowns, but Shang knew that they weren't supposed to be a provocation. He guessed that she was probably unhappy that someone with a more powerful body was in her grade.

Just like Astor said, the teacher arrived a couple seconds later.

When Shang saw the teacher, he covertly took a deep breath of annoyance.

'Oh great, it's that guy.'

