Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

971 Chapter 971 — Last Millennium

Shang hovered silently in the middle of his Isolation Barrier.

By now, he no longer needed to look at Abominations.

Shang had learned enough about how the minds of Abominations worked, and he had already replaced 50% of his mind with Entropy.

The disgust for Mana had returned, but Shang wasn't pushed so far that he wanted to destroy the world.

Right now, Shang just felt like he was being surrounded by an ocean of shit. Sure, it was disgusting, but as long as it didn't touch him too much, it should be fine.

Shang also summoned a True Path Stage Abomination from time to time and turned it into pure Mana and Entropy before storing everything in his inner world.

After comprehending a lot about Space, Time, Gravity, Mana, and Entropy, Shang had managed to change his inner world a bit, allowing him to actually store Mana and Entropy in there.

However, he had to be careful that the Mana and Entropy were stored separately, or they would explode and injure Shang.

All of the God's mystical and magical gifts had started to make sense to Shang.

Shang knew roughly what a Companion Weapon needed to be made, and he also knew a bit about how to create this inner world.

If Shang were to focus on the relevant Concepts for a couple more millennia, he might even be able to recreate these things himself.

At this moment, Shang no longer needed his inner world in its traditional form.

If he wanted to store something, he could just create a small pocket dimension with his Space Concepts.

Space Rings were things that people below the Mage Lord Realm needed. As soon as someone reached the Mage Lord, they were about to gain at least some experience in the Space Concepts.

He also didn't need to fight inside his inner world anymore since there were no more enemies he could summon inside of it.

So, what was the point?

Because of that, Shang decided to alter it.

Naturally, he still didn't know how to create something like this, but he knew enough to change how it functioned.

The biggest problem was that the connection between the inner world and Aterium was very small.

One shouldn't forget that Shang had never gone in there with his real body. Whenever he had entered, his real body remained in the true world.

Earlier, the inner world had been almost transparent. Mana could enter without issues, but it also couldn't be contained.

By changing that, Shang had to solidify the walls of his inner world, and he had also needed to widen the entrance for the Mana and Entropy.

Sadly, due to several complications, Shang couldn't use the separate Entropy and Mana storage to instantaneously refill his Mana and Entropy storage inside of himself.

At most, the Mana and Entropy could release fast enough to simulate the atmospheric pressure of Aterium. However, this still gave Shang a unique ability.

He could survive in a Mana vacuum as long as his storage hadn't been emptied.

And he had done all of this for only one purpose.

He didn't want to be surrounded by Mana.

Instead of having to inhale pure shit, which was Mana, Shang could inhale 50% shit and 50% of the good stuff, Entropy.

He had also created a small layer of his Domain to keep all the Mana away from him.

During all of this, Shang kept focusing on his own soul and mind.

By now, a thousand years had passed since the end of the Grand Tournament.I think you should take a look at

One of the Thunders had already become a Mage King, but Cynthia was still waiting.

At the moment, Cynthia was barely 15,000 years old. She still had 10,000 years of comprehension remaining, in which she should be able to comprehend a level six Concept.

As always, the war was very subdued and uneventful.

The entire world was waiting.

They were waiting for Shang to die.

The Emperors weren't talking.

The Mage Kings weren't planning an assault.

The Mage Lords didn't attack.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Everyone was silently waiting.

The entire world was silently waiting for Shang to vanish.

Naturally, the requests to check through all the major Mana resources of all the Empires had become more and more numerous.

Checking through all the major Mana resources just meant that a delegation comprised of one Mage King from every Empire would travel through all the Empires, checking how many Mage Kings, Beast Kings, Mage Lords, and Beast Lords the Empires had.

Such a check barely took a day, and it happened every 50 years.

Naturally, a couple of missing Mage Lords or Beast Lords were not an issue. People died, and new people came to power.

The checks were only there to see if a significant number of Mage Lords or Beast Lords had vanished.

After all, it would need a significant price of Mana to create another Mage King...

Or Sword King, in this case.

Naturally, there were no issues with the Mana, but that didn't calm the nerves of the Mage Kings and Mage Emperors.

All of them knew that the Lightning Emperor had put all of his cards on Shang.

They refused to believe that the Lightning Emperor would just let him die.

Just 1,000 more years.

Shang was already around 24,000 years old.

Shang's last millennium of longevity had arrived.

However, compared to the previous two times, Shang wasn't actually that worried.

For some reason, his longevity didn't feel that important anymore.

Nevertheless, the truth of the matter was that Shang's longevity would soon end, and his original plan of learning a level six Concept and the final Destination of the Warrior Path at the Sword Lord Realm seemed harder to achieve than ever before.

But Shang just continued.

Shang just kept looking at his mind, soul,

and even his body.

If necessary, he could advance to the Sword King Realm like this, but it would only give him a basic sixfold Spirit Sense, essentially reducing the level of his being by one.

That would make him inferior to King Sanctified Death, and he wasn't the biggest fan of that situation.