Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

973 Chapter 973 - Silver Wall

The cloth fell towards the Eternal Ocean below.

The powerful storms above the Eternal Ocean just barely managed to move it before it touched the water.

The cloth sunk into the ocean, entering the eternal depths beneath it.

It vanished.

The skies above the Eternal Ocean were not different from normal.

And yet, there was one tiny thing.

A small marble was hovering in the sky. It was so small that it had passed through the gaps in the white cloth.

And inside that small marble were two sides.

One was white.

The other was black.

The two sides existed in harmony.

The white side didn't attack the black side, and the black side didn't attack the white side.

WHOOOOM!

Suddenly, a gigantic black beast appeared. It was an Abomination Lord!

Yet, as soon as the Abomination Lord appeared, it was torn into black and white specks, which rapidly fell into the tiny marble.

WHOOOOOM!

At that moment, everything changed.

The skies above the Eternal Ocean seemed to break apart and turn into white specks, which all fell into the tiny marble.

The water of the Eternal Ocean began to rise and spin. As the water continued to rise, it also started to turn whiter and whiter until it entered the marble as well.

The phenomenon became bigger and bigger.

100,000 kilometers.

500,000 kilometers.

1,000,000 kilometers.

CRK!

Suddenly, something cracked.

BANG!

The Isolation Barrier broke apart, turned into Mana, and entered the marble as well!

At the edges of the continent, some people noticed the water becoming unruly and wild.

In the Eternal Ocean, the sky was shaking.

The water was breaking and vanishing.

Space was being destroyed.

Everything entered the tiny marble.

"You are consuming too much Mana!"

Suddenly, the voice of the Lightning Emperor echoed throughout the surroundings of the marble.

"If you are still in there, Shang, you need to do something, or the others will notice what is happening!"

Everything around the marble continued to break apart.

Gregorio looked with worry at the breaking world.

BOOOM!

Suddenly, everything began to move further upward.

The marble was rapidly flying higher and higher into the sky!

Some seconds later, the water of the Eternal Ocean stopped breaking apart and moving upward, and then, even the skies around the Eternal Ocean calmed down.

The world returned to normal.

Gregorio just looked with worry at the sky.

He hoped that Shang was still there.

High above the sky, the surroundings became colder and colder.

Some minutes later, the blue of the sky vanished, replaced by silver.I think you should take a look at

There was no outer space in Aterium.

As long as someone continued traveling in one direction, they would reach the edge of Aterium at some point.

The silver wall.

In truth, there was also no real sun in Aterium.

The air in the sky just moved in such a way that a hole was created in the atmosphere, which traveled across the entire barrier.

The silver wall was slightly visible through that hole, which brought light.

The sun was simply the silver wall peeking through the atmosphere.

The silver wall gave off some heat, but not a lot. In truth, the skies above Aterium just became colder and colder unless one directly stood in front of the silver wall, at which point it became a bit hotter again.

The actual heat of the world came from the bottom.

As the marble continued flying upward, ice was forming around it.

The cold was terrifyingly powerful at that height.

And yet, as soon as the ice formed, it broke into white specks and was absorbed by the marble.

SHING!

Suddenly, a Peak Abomination Lord appeared.

The Abomination Lord was immediately split into black and white, but surprisingly, the white portion of its existence fell down, exploded, and dispersed across the entire world.

Meanwhile, the black portion entered the marble.

Right now, the white portion of the marble had become bigger than the black portion, but not by much.

With the infusion of more black, the balance had returned.

The further the marble traveled, the more intense and bigger the destruction around it became.

By now, the marble was destroying everything in a radius of three million kilometers!

Luckily, due to the insane altitude of the marble, no one noticed it in Aterium.

This was an unprecedented event!

Not even King Sanctified Death had created such an event!

Gregorio knew what was happening, but he was confused and concerned.

Gregorio knew that Shang's longevity had run out, which meant that he needed to break into the Sword King Realm now!

Yet, this was not a breakthrough.

No, this was a transformation!

Shang had just consumed the momentum of a level six Concept, and the world was elevating his mind to the next level.

The space around the marble exploded and was absorbed, but the marble just kept on rising.

Spacetime in these parts was supposed to be warped, but the destructive forces of the marble made them the same as everywhere else, senseless and destroyed.

Eventually, the marble couldn't go higher anymore.

Right above it was a silver wall.

The marble had reached the end of Aterium.

Then, the marble shot toward the southeast at unreal speeds.

And some minutes later, something odd happened.

The destructive effects of the marble stopped at a certain point in the sky.

High above the Judgment Palace, a beast was clinging to the silver wall.

The beast was over 2,000 kilometers long, fully white, and had seven legs that ended in suction cups. It had no eyes but a long and curved beak. Its body seemed thin and malnourished, but that was far from true.

This was the Spacetime Beast.

An Early Beast King.

As the destruction around the Spacetime Beast became more and more intense, it started to move around.

Its perception stretched until it found the source of the destruction.

A tiny marble.𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

The Spacetime Beast had never been disturbed by anything, but it hadn't forgotten that there were many powerful beasts in the world.

A moment later, a concentrated sphere of Space, Time, and Gravity gathered in its opened beak, destroying even more of the surroundings.

It wouldn't go down without a fight!