Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

974 Chapter 974 — Destiny

The marble came closer and closer.

BOOOOOM!

The Spacetime Beast unleashed the compressed sphere into a terrifying beam.

The speed of the beam was as fast as the faster Spells Shang had seen in the Grand Tournament.

But before the beam could hit the marble, everything in front of it turned black.

It was like the entire world in front of the Spacetime Beast had been replaced with a black wall.

BOOOOM!

The beam hit the black wall and dispersed without slowing the black wall by a lot.

At that moment, the Spacetime Beast was able to actually see what the black wall was with its Spirit Sense.

It was a beastly hand!

It was a humongous hand, over 20,000 kilometers wide!

The hand was covered in black scales, and it had five terrifying claws at the end of it.

The Spacetime Beast wanted to retreat, but before it could, the claw reached it.

CRKSH!

The claw crushed the Spacetime Beast in its grip and pulled back.

All of this happened so quickly that no one had noticed it.

Mage Lords and Mage Kings that were looking at the sky by sheer coincidence felt like they had just blinked without taking note of it.

For just a tiny moment, a huge black claw had appeared in front of the sun.

The entire Spacetime Beast was violently pulled into the tiny marble.

Instantaneously, the white portion of the marble expanded, suppressing the black portion.

SHING!

And then, a humongous black beast appeared.

An Abomination King!

The Abomination King was surrounded by Mana, but its entire perception was focused on the marble.

Its eyes were widened with fervent fanaticism, and an instant later, it split into white and black energy.

The white energy fell downward, expanding and dispersing across the world.

The black energy entered the marble, increasing the black side.

Yet, the white side was still superior.

SHING!

Another Abomination King appeared, and the same thing happened again.

Now, the marble was in balance again.

And yet, another two Abomination Kings appeared!

Their Mana was dispersed across the world, while their Entropy was consumed by the marble.

The black portion of the marble became even bigger, and the marble started to warp.

By now, the world around the marble was no longer being destroyed.

It seemed like the marble no longer needed any more Mana.

SHING!

Another Abomination King appeared, its Mana dispersing across the world and its Entropy being absorbed by the marble.

By now, the marble was shaking violently, and several cracks appeared on its surface.

Around 60% of the marble was filled with black, while 40% were filled with white.

A moment later, condensed white Mana came out of the marble, which fell towards the world and dispersed.

The black portion of the marble increased.

Eventually, the black portion took up exactly 70% of the marble.

The next moment, three Abomination Lords appeared, and they were fully absorbed by the marble, including the Mana.

The marble began to shake and crack again.

Slowly, black and white energy came out of the marble, but this time, they didn't disperse.

Instead, they encompassed it and became solid.

After some minutes, a head appeared.

It was Shang's head.

In an instant, the Death Mana appeared inside the head again.

CRKSH!

But whenever it did, the Entropy inside Shang's body lashed out, destroying the Death Mana.I think you should take a look at

The Entropy had undergone an even closer fusion with the Mana.

The Entropy and Mana were one thing, but they could also act separately from another.

The Entropy was protecting the Mana from Entropy, and the Mana was protecting Entropy from Mana.

It was a stable fusion.

It was like Entropy Ore.

And yet, the Mana could leave the Entropy, and the Entropy could leave the Mana.

No matter what the Death Mana did, the Entropy just dispersed it without being dispersed itself.

It didn't matter how many pebbles one threw at a steel wall. The steel wall wouldn't get weaker.

The marble was in the middle of Shang's brain, and it contained all of Shang's soul.

The marble was the inner world that the God had given Shang, but Shang had repurposed it.

The marble was the spot that Shang had chosen for his soul.

Of course, the Death Mana also appeared inside the marble, but it didn't matter.

Just like Shang's body, Shang's soul was now also made of 70% Entropy and 30% Mana.

This was what Shang had meant.

This was his destiny.

Shang was destined to become an Abomination.

He was the Child of Calamity.

And if he wanted true power, he needed to become an Abomination.

The Abominations were far superior to humans and beasts.

They had so many abilities that were simply at a higher base level than anything humanity could create.

They were beings of a higher level.

Shang had advanced.

He had elevated.

He had risen.

The weakness of beast flesh was no longer a constraint.

The fragility of a human soul no longer mattered.

Natural death didn't exist anymore.

Longevity didn't matter anymore.

Shang was still a Peak Sword Lord that was over 25,000 years old.

The Death Mana that was supposed to end his life still appeared.

But it didn't matter.

Abominations didn't die natural deaths.

Abominations only died to Mana.

Slowly, the white and black energy created a neck before creating a muscular torso.

Then, it shot out of the right side of the torso, creating a right arm.

A moment later, the black and white energy appeared at the bottom of the torso.

Suddenly, the majority of the white energy vanished, leaving far more black energy. There was only a little bit of white energy visible now.

The black energy and the bit of white energy stretched down, forming legs.

Yet, these legs were not human legs.

These were the legs of an Abomination.

They looked almost identical to velociraptor legs, ending in terrifying black claws and being covered in black scales.

Next, the black energy gathered at the left side of the torso, creating the arm of an Abomination.

The arm was long, covered in black scales, and ended in five fingers with terrifying claws at their tips.

Then, Shang's eyelids quivered.

And they slowly opened.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Black eyes.

In a way, it was almost like the eye sockets were empty or filled with emptiness.

There was only a long and thin white pupil in the middle.

The pupils inside the eye looked around, perceiving the world for the first time.

And then, they looked down at the world.

Shang's expression turned into a disgusted sneer.

"This world is worthless."