Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

975 Chapter 975 — Red

Shang looked away from Aterium and inspected his new body.

For the first time in forever, he could actually perceive the world with his eyes. He could see.

And yet, the only thing he could see was the disgusting display of Mana.

Mana was everywhere!

Shang immediately activated his Domain of Entropy to isolate himself from the horrendous stench of Mana.

Shang lifted his left and right arms to look at them.

His right arm was as normal as it had always been, but his left arm was identical to an Abomination's arm. It was far thicker and more muscular than his right arm, and Shang could also feel the incredible power of his left arm.

Even though his arm looked identical to the arm of an Abomination, Shang had still incorporated all the things he needed to use his techniques.

For example, he could use Void Break and Sword Focus with his left arm as well.

And yet, his left arm was just as powerful as the arm of a Peak Abomination Lord without using any of these techniques.

His other arm was over a level weaker.

"Weakness," Shang spoke in disgust.

A moment later, a small part of Shang's new soul transformed, changing shape.

Shang's right arm began to die and fell off just a couple seconds later.

An instant later, a new arm grew at this spot, but it was the arm of an Abomination.

Shang clenched his new fist and felt the pure power coming from it with satisfaction.

When Shang saw that, his mouth widened into a toothy smirk.

"Finally," he said slowly. "I am at the edge of achieving my goal."

"By converting my mind to 70% Entropy and 30% Mana, I finally managed to comprehend the level six Concept of Entropy, Entropy itself."

"I should have known that comprehending Entropy without becoming an Abomination was impossible."

"For my entire life, my goal was to become the most powerful, and that would have never been possible without becoming an Abomination myself."

Shang swung his arm to the side, the world around him shaking from its power.

"The pain is gone," he spoke as he felt the absence of disturbing factors.

"My soul has healed. No, it has advanced."

"The paranoia of my fixed warrior body no longer exists. I have created this body, and I have created it without fault."

"I no longer feel like I am about to die. In fact, the opposite is true."

A malicious grin spread across Shang's face.

"I am far more powerful than I have ever been."

Shang silently reveled in his power as he used his newfound arm to comb once through his hair.

As he did so, some small bits of skin fell from his cheeks.

Shang's grin vanished as he took note of the tiny crack that had appeared on his skin.

His eyes narrowed.

"My old human body can't contain the power of the Abominations and is falling apart," he said.

Shang's left claw slowly moved to his cheek, and one of his fingers brushed over it.

The crack was gone.

This was Shang's body, and he could repair it without any issues.

"For now, I need to keep my old head and torso. Arms and legs can be hidden easily, but the shape of a torso and a head is difficult to hide."

Then, Shang's smirk returned.

"Although, it's not that difficult."

Suddenly, all of Shang's limbs retracted into his torso, and his eyes vanished.I think you should take a look at

A moment later, a human right arm shot out from the torso.

Shang looked just as usual again.

No legs, no eyes, only one arm.

However, Shang's new body didn't just vanish.

Shang had simply changed the makeup of his body and had vastly increased its density while retracting it into his torso.

At a moment's notice, Shang could summon his new body again.

Shang looked frail and on the brink of death again, but nothing could be further from the truth.

Shang hadn't felt this powerful, alive, and healthy in nearly 25,000 years!

All the pain.

All the suffering.

All the tragedy.

Everything was gone!

A moment later, a white bandage appeared in Shang's hand.

He wanted to put it on but stopped after a bit.

For just a moment, he looked at the white bandage.

'When I was younger, I wore black.'

'Later, I wore white. I wanted to represent my cold and detached nature and that my life was dedicated to nothing but power.'

'That's no longer true.'

'White is so apathetic and dull.'

'My pain and suffering are gone.'

'Why run from my emotions? After all, don't emotions motivate people to better themselves?'

Shang smirked.

A moment later, the white of the bandage fell away, giving way to a bloody red.

'The world is free of suffering for me from now on, and I will commemorate this moment with a fitting new color.'

'From now on, I will wear red. This will represent the color the world will be bathed in if anyone dares to get in my way!'

Shang bound the bandage around his eye holes, and a moment later, he created a red suit made of cloth. Someone of Shang's power could create cloth out of thin air without any issues.

SHING!

Shang's limbs shot out of his torso in an instant, and he put the red suit on.

SHING!

Shang's limbs retracted again, but they kept hold of the ends of the suit, pulling the sleeves inward.

In an instant, it looked like Shang was just draped in a piece of red cloth again instead of wearing a suit.

A moment later, Shang cast a quick Spell.

It was Humanity.

'For now, I still need to hide my true self from the world.'

'I will vanish from the world, and everyone will think that I have died. Well, except Gregorio. He has proven to be trustworthy.'

Suddenly, Shang's smirk vanished, and a neutral and cold expression appeared on his face.

The new intensity and power of his Aura reverted to feel deep and dark but fragile.

And then, Shang flew back towards the Eternal Ocean to the north of the Lightning Manor.

He seemed just like always, with just one difference.

He now wore red instead of white.𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com