978 Chapter 978 — Annoying

A bit later, Gregorio left.

There wasn't a lot he wanted to talk about with Shang.

Gregorio still needed to come to a decision about how to proceed.

Of course, Gregorio wouldn't think about betraying or killing Shang.

He was already in too deep.

Killing Shang meant making Abaddon an Emperor without anyone to rival him. Gregorio knew very well that Shang was the very reason why Kali and Abaddon were even working with him.

Of course, Gregorio would just release the Archivist, but then, Gregorio's life would be up to him, and that probably wouldn't go very well.

Killing Shang meant killing himself.

However, the world would be saved from the Abominations.

Or would it?

After all, with the death of the old Child of Calamity, a new one would appear, and the Abominations would return to only being of the first three Realms.

Sure, the death of the world would be slowed down by millions of times, but it would still move towards death.

Would there ever be a second Shang that had the power to kill God and get rid of the Abominations?

Probably not.

So, even though Gregorio felt hurt by Shang's words, there was no way for him to do anything to him.

Gregorio just had to come to terms with Shang's personality.

While Gregorio was trying to come to terms with Shang's lack of friendship and companionship, Shang traveled further to the northwest until he was just a bit away from the silver wall.

The area in front of the silver wall was absent from any life.

Living beings attracted Mana, which was why the Mana density on the continent was many, many times higher than here.

And since there was nearly no Mana here, there also were no powerful beasts in the Eternal Ocean here. Beasts needed Mana, and they would subconsciously travel to places with denser Mana.

With a lack of Mana also came a lack of Wind Mana, which meant that the air in this place didn't move at all.

There were no storms, no animals, no beasts, no plants.

There was just the calm blue water below Shang and the blue sky above him.

"This should be a good place," Shang said.

A moment later, an Abomination King appeared beside Shang.

The Abomination King wasn't isolated from the Mana, but it still didn't dare to absorb anything.

Shang's oppressive force was boundless!

The Abomination King saw Shang as its entire world, and it didn't dare to do anything that Shang didn't order.

"Destroy the silver wall," Shang commanded.

A moment later, the Abomination King shot at the silver wall and attacked it.

BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG!

Yet, the wall didn't even vibrate.

Even more, the Abomination King's body became more and more injured.

The wall was just that insanely hard!

"How interesting," Shang said as he watched the Abomination King attack the wall.

Shang gestured for the Abomination King to return, and it followed Shang's command.

"Kill me without using Mana," Shang commanded.

And then, the Abomination King shot at Shang.

Its speed was ridiculously fast, and its power felt irresistible.

The Abomination King clawed at Shang with one of its arms.

WHOOOOM!

Suddenly, Shang absorbed a ton of Mana and Entropy from his internal storage by using Void Break.

At the same time, the Sword Mana inside of Shang entered his body, increasing the power of his body even more.

BOOOOOM!I think you should take a look at

The two claws met.

The Abomination King's claw was stopped!

However...

CRKSH!

Shang's arm was torn off and thrown into the horizon.

Shang sneered as he looked at his bare shoulder.

The arm had been torn off at the place where Shang's Abomination arm had met his human torso.

While Shang's Abomination arm had been powerful enough to resist the Abomination King's claw, his torso hadn't been strong enough.

'How pathetic,' Shang thought in disgust. 'The Abomination King didn't even hit my torso, and yet, my torso still failed me.'

SHING!

Shang moved back by using all hisConcepts and the incredible acceleration power of his new legs.

After all...

CSHCSHCSHCSH!

The Abomination King didn't only have a single arm.

It had six!

If Shang had remained here, he would have been turned into pieces.

Shang's arm regrew, and this time, he summoned his sword.

When Shang saw his sword, he almost had to chuckle.

One sword.

Two arms.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

SHING!

Then, Shang summoned his second sword. Shang kept parrying and evading the Abomination King while he reforged his second sword to be identical to his first one.

And after a bit of time, he had succeeded.

Now, Shang was using two identical swords, which had been designed to be used with only one hand.

When the Abomination King arrived in front of Shang again, Shang only smirked.

SHING!

The speed at which Shang had just sidestepped the attack was unreal!

'These legs are amazing!' Shang thought. 'They have so much explosive power!'

Naturally, Shang also used his Concepts, his Void Break, and his Sword Focus. After all, the Abomination King was technically two levels above Shang due to the difference across Realms.

After sidestepping a couple more times, Shang attacked the Abomination King with his swords.

DING! DING!

Sadly, his swords barely made a couple of small scratches.

The Abomination King's defense was out of this world.

A moment later, Shang decided to create a Death Edge on his swords, and he attacked again.

This time, Shang left two deep crevices in the Abomination King's body.

As the Abomination King continued to attack Shang, Shang looked at his swords with dissatisfaction.

A couple of small chips had appeared on their edges.

The power of an Abomination King's body was too much for them to handle, and Shang's power had also increased.

While the Abomination King kept attacking him, Shang increased the level of his swords by two.

However, when Shang felt the weight of his new swords, he became frustrated again.

Now, Shang couldn't even properly swing them without using Sword Focus and Void Break.

As before, the problem wasn't with his arms but with his back and chest muscles.

This human torso became more and more annoying.