Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

It had been 4,000 years since Shang had transformed.

The Death Mana was still trying to kill him, but Shang barely even noticed. His Entropy automatically dealt with it.

Today, Shang had finally achieved his goal.

He had finished his swordsmanship!

Shang just madly grinned as he imagined the attacks he could unleash upon all his enemies.

It was so strong!

Due to his clothing, nothing seemed different about Shang, but beneath all the crimson red, Shang's body had transformed significantly.

Shang's torso no longer had skin. Instead, black scales covered it, and the muscles beneath the scales were also differently shaped.

The only similarity this torso had with a human torso was the general shape.

That was it.

Shang would have liked using the torso of an Abomination, but he knew that it was too conspicuous.

He would still need to go amongst people again, and he could only hide so much.

So, Shang was stuck with this torso.

However, restrictions often pushed creativity.

And the way Shang had designed his torso was very different from the torso of Abominations, and for him specifically, also far more useful.

He had mastery over his body!

He could shape his body in any way he wanted!

Humans? Abominations?

None of that mattered!

Shang could take the good from all of them and combine them into the perfect form!

His power was endless!

Eventually, Shang took out the pin he had received from Gregorio.

"I am done," Shang said. "What about the Abomination Kings?"

"I have talked with Kali," Gregorio answered with a neutral voice. "We were only waiting for you."

"How will it work specifically?" Shang asked.

"Kali will announce that she has found a way to reduce the number of Abomination Lords by understanding a couple of the principles in my Magic Circle. You know, the one that I made to make it seem like it was the reason why there were no powerful Abominations in the Lightning Manor."

"Of course," Shang answered calmly. "Continue."

Gregorio looked at the pin with which he was communicating with Shang.

After Shang had transformed, his conduct had also changed.

First, he started to call Gregorio by his first name, and now, Shang was even telling him to continue talking.

Now, the second part didn't seem strange. After all, friends, strangers, and family often talked like that.

But that was the problem.UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Shang was talking to Gregorio like an equal.

For his entire life, Shang had talked to Gregorio with a certain politeness and respect, befitting of his power.

But now, Shang was talking to him like they were companions.

Of course, the past Gregorio wouldn't have minded since he had seen Shang as a friend.

However, Gregorio knew that Shang wasn't viewing him as a friend, which made his manner of speech feel slightly disrespectful.

Nevertheless, Gregorio didn't highlight any of these things.

After all, he was still struggling with his decisions.

"You will have to go to a specific place in Kali's Empire," Gregorio continued as if he hadn't noticed anything. "It will be directly beneath the Judgment Palace. Only Kali can see that place, and when you arrive, she will put a very advanced Disguise Spell on you, making you appear like a very complex and advanced tool."

"Naturally, no one is allowed to look at her while she is doing whatever they will think she is doing, but if they take a look anyway, they won't think that you are the Child of Calamity or even a person."

"After you go through all the Empires, you can return the same way you have gotten there. Kali will tell you everything you need to know later," Gregorio explained.

Shang found the plan amusing.

Disguising him as a tool?

That sure was original.

"Fine," Shang said. "When?"

"When you're ready, I will tell Kali to go ahead and announce everything. Expect to fly towards her within the next couple of years."

Shang chuckled a bit. "Fine, tell her that I'm ready."

Shang paused for a short moment, "and when we're done with this, I can finally become a Sword King."

Gregorio looked with discomfort at his pin.

Shang reaching the Sword King Realm represented a point of no return.

Shang would gain the power to fight normal Mage Kings, and if be increased his level, he would even gain the power to fight Mage Emperors.

As Gregorio thought about this, he became more unsure.

Was he truly okay with this new Shang achieving supreme power?

This was not the Shang he knew.

"Of course," Gregorio answered absentmindedly. "I'm going to inform Kali now."

"Good," Shang said with a chuckle before cutting the connection.

While Gregorio was looking with uncertainty around his library, Shang was looking at the silver wall with a toothy grin.

"Soon," Shang spoke.

BOOOOOM!

Something extremely powerful struck the silver wall, but it didn't even shake.

For just a moment, Shang's suit moved around a bit like something had brushed it.

Shang only looked at the silver wall.

"Soon, I will be powerful enough to break out of this place and reach whatever is beyond this wall."

"Aterium?"

"Emperor?"

"God?"

Shang chuckled.

"All of these things are just stepping stones!"

"There has to be more out there!"

"There have to be more powerful worlds and more powerful beings!"

"The Abominations are proof of that!" '

BANG!

Shang hit the wall again.

"This disgusting world can't contain me!"

For the next couple of months, Shang didn't do very much.

He didn't need to.

This little bit of time was barely worth anything, and Shang couldn't comprehend anything worthwhile in such a short period of time.

So, he simply did nothing and thought about his future. '

Soon, all these problems that Aterium had thrown at him would no longer exist.

Dealing with the Abomination Kings.

Becoming a Sword King.

Becoming a Peak Sword King.

Killing the Emperors.

Comprehending the level six Concept of Death.

Killing God.

And then...

Freedom!

And what would he do with this freedom?

Achieve more power!

Occasionally missing content, please report errors in time.