Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

After his perception had been released, Shang could also look at his actual appearance.

Shang was a golden ball with several golden tubes coming out of it. The tubes eventually all flowed together into another golden ball above him.

The runes of the Magic Circles continually moved from one golden ball to the other and back.

It looked quite mystical.

A moment later, Kali glanced at Shang, and Shang's perception was confined within the golden ball again.

Shang just silently waited.

He wasn't worried.

Sure, Kali could kill Shang without him even seeing the attack coming, but that didn't matter.

Shang wasn't dangerous to Kali because of his actual power but because of his soft power.

If Kali killed him, Gregorio would have nothing left to lose, and he would simply release the Archivist.

Since the Archivist's book was automatically updating, one could already read what the Archivist thought of King Sanctified Death.

His opinion wasn't great, and the Archivist would very likely kill King Sanctified Death before doing anything else.

Kali wasn't stupid, and she knew how things would go.

Because of that, Shang wasn't worried at all.

An unknown period of time passed before Shang's perception was released again.

As soon as his perception was released, Shang found himself and Kali inside a huge Isolation Barrier, which was hovering above the Judgment Palace.

"How many Abomination Lords are necessary for the Judgment Palace?" Kali asked neutrally.

"47 right now," Shang answered. "But the number might quadruple after my breakthrough. I would say 200."

When Kali heard that, she actually furrowed her brows, which was her first show of emotion ever since Shang had arrived at the Judgment Palace.

"I only have 100 cages for Abomination Lords," Kali said.

"Then, make more," Shang answered evenly.

Kali glanced at Shang.

Right now, she was trying to think of a way to make more cages, but it was extremely difficult.

One had to remember that every Abomination Lord was over a kilometer tall, which meant that the cages also had to be over a kilometer tall.

Even more, all the Entropy Ore had to be at the Seventh Realm, at least.

By building a hundred of these cages, Kali had already nearly depleted all the stores of Entropy Ore inside her Empire.

How would she get more?

Additionally, if she wanted to keep things secret from the other Empires, she also couldn't just ask for Entropy Ore from them.

Everyone knew that Entropy Ore was used to contain Abominations, and if she asked for it, their minds would immediately go to the possibility that Kali would bury Abominations in their Empires.

Naturally, there were several issues with that.

What if Kali had some kind of detonation Magic Circle on these cages, and she could detonate all of them remotely? She could use that as a threat in case things became bad.

Additionally, where did Kali even get all these Abominations from?

"You need Entropy Ore?" Shang asked.

Kali furrowed her brows.

She had never heard the black ore referred to as Entropy Ore.

However, Kali just nodded.

"I can make it," Shang said.

This immediately got Kali's attention, and she looked at Shang.

"Show me," she said.

A moment later, an Abomination Lord appeared in the Isolation Barrier.

Kali just glanced at it.

Meanwhile, the Abomination Lord acted like it didn't see her.

A bit later, the Abomination Lord was split into Entropy and Mana, but Shang didn't completely separate these two things. After all, he didn't want Kali to get an opportunity to learn about Entropy.

So, instead of two balls of black and white, the Abomination Lord was turned into an indistinguishable storm of grey.

The next moment, a great amount of Mana was absorbed by the Isolation Barrier, and a couple of Mage Kings and Mage Lords looked at it with wonder.

Whatever their Empress was doing required a lot of Mana.

Inside the Isolation Barrier, the grey storm fused with the approaching Mana, and it expanded into a black cube of Entropy Ore.

Entropy Ore was made of 50% Entropy and 50% Mana.

Since Abominations were made of 70% Entropy and 80% Mana, Shang needed some Mana to make a 50 / 50 ratio.

When Kali saw the cube of Entropy Ore, she didn't show any outward reaction, but inside, she was shocked.

No one had ever found out how to make this black ore.

All the Emperors had tried, and all of them had failed.

And yet, Shang had managed to do it.

Kali wanted to know how it worked, but she knew that Shang wouldn't tell her. After all, they didn't trust each other.

Kali was with Abaddon, and Shang was with Gregorio.

At the moment, they might be allies, but that wasn't certain.

"I can produce however much you need, but I need additional Mana."

Kali furrowed her brows as she tried to think of the best way to handle this situation.

If she wanted to bury the Abominations across all of Aterium, she needed around 2,000 cages for Abomination Lords.

With the cube of Entropy Ore Shang had created, she could make around ten cages, which meant that she needed to convert around 200 Abomination Lords into Entropy Ore.

One conversion had absorbed about one Mage Lord of Mana.

This meant that Kali needed 200 Mage Lords of Mana for the cages.

A moment later, several black dots appeared on the horizon, and they rapidly flew toward the Isolation Barrier.

These dots passed through the Isolation Barrier and stopped in front of Shang.𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

They were Beast Lords!

"Make ten more cubes," Kali ordered.

Shang didn't answer and just summoned ten more Abomination Lords.

Just like the last one, these Abomination Lords were destroyed and pulled apart into a grey storm.

Just when they were starting to pull in Mana, the ten Beast Lords in front of Kali exploded and were ground into tiny particles by her.

The sizes of these particles were so small that they nearly instantaneously transformed into Neutral Mana.

A bit later, ten more cubes of Entropy Ore were made, and Kali used many different Spells to shape them into cages.

In just a couple of minutes, another 100 cages were created.

After she was done, Kali turned to Shang again.

"And the Abomination Kings?"