Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Shang summoned the Abomination King.

When Kali saw it, her Aura became intense, but she didn't do anything.

This was the first time she had seen an Abomination King after 300,000 years.

Back then, they had been incredibly terrifying.

Luckily, the Abomination King didn't move.

It only looked at the golden ball surrounding Shang with a fanatic expression.

In the past, Shang had had issues in controlling Abomination Kings, but after his transformation, even the Abomination Kings listened to him without any issues.

A moment later, the Abomination King voluntarily walked into the cage.

Kali siphoned the Mana out of the cage and closed it.

Sflence.

This proved it.

Shang had full control over Abominations.

The pressure on Kali's shoulders multiplied, but she didn't let it Show.

She put the cage down and smoothly moved to the next location.

After a couple of minutes, all nine cages had been placed down in the Judgment Palace.

Kali returned to the actual Judgment Palace and retreated back into her room.

Naturally, the golden ball hiding Shang was also here.

"Now, we need to wait," Kali said. "Within the next decade or so, the other Emperors are bound to contact me."

"Okay," Shang said.

The next moment, Shang's perception was cut off from the world again.

Mage Kings could feel when someone was looking at them, which was why Kali isolated Shang's perception.

For the next ten years or so, Shang had to remain in his little prison of ore.

While the past Shang might have had some issues with doing nothing for a decade, the current Shang was different.

Shang was no longer in immense pain, and he didn't feel like he was dying.

In fact, Shang no longer had any issues with longevity, and he had even already finished his preparations for becoming a Sword King.

He only needed to break through.

Shang had never been so close to supreme power!

Soon".

Meanwhile, the Judgment Palace announced that there would be no more Abomination Lords appearing in their Empire.

Naturally, the other Empires paid close attention to the Judgment Palace for the following years.

Near the beginning, nearly no person in the Judgment Palace believed this to be true. After all, the Abominations had been a part of their entire lives, and they lived in constant fear of them.

And yet, the Abomination Lords truly stopped appearing.

While the Mage Kings had still been nervous at the start, now, they actually dared to believe that this was true.

N o more Abomination Lords?

So, they could finally relax?

Of course, two Mage Kings still needed to work. After all, Ancestral Abominations still appeared.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

But instead of having to kill every Abomination personally, these two Mage Kings only needed to delegate their forces, which made things far easier.

Their minds could finally rest since they didn't need to be ready for every single second.

After some years, even the other Emperors started to believe Kali.

She had actually done it!

She had actually found a way to stop the Abomination Lords from appearing in her Empire!

The first Emperor that showed interest was Amon Gus.

He asked Kali to do the same thing for his Empire.

That was when Kali unveiled the price. 250 Peak Mage Lords of Mana.

Naturally, Amon Gus was shocked.

That was insane!

250 fucking Peak Mage Lords?!

"You think this is easy?" Kali answered his protests. "The Magic Circles take a great deal of Mana, and I'm not going to pay for your Empire."

Of course, negotiations immediately broke out, but Kali wasn't budging.

However, beggars couldn't be choosers.

So, Amon Gus was forced to pay the price.

Kali received all the Mana, and she asked Shang to create more cages.

A bit later, the two of them traveled to the Twilight Dusk Family, and Kali started to float into the underground.

Over the next minutes, Kali and Shang placed all the cages below the Twilight Dusk Empire, and they returned to the Judgment Palace.

Naturally, Amon Gus had been informed about the rules.

He wasn't allowed to destroy the Magic Circles, and he wasn't allowed to watch Kali while she was placing them.

Amon Gus was suspicious, but he had to follow the rules.

After all, the alternative was too terrifying.

As long as Kali managed to get rid of the Abomination Lords, she could do whatever she wanted.

After this day, the Abomination Lords also stopped appearing in the Twilight Dusk Empire.

The other Emperors very quickly contacted Kali for their own Empires.

Naturally, the price was still horrifyingly steep, but they were forced to pay regardless.

Eventually, Kali and Shang placed the cages on eight of the nine Empires. They were only missing the Lightning Manor, but Shang and Gregorio would place the cages there themselves.

All of this had only taken about ten years in total.

After Kali went back into her room, she dispelled the enchantments on Shang's golden ball and put the ore away.

For the first time in ten years, Shang could finally move again, but he didn't seem to care very much.

Wordlessly, Kali summoned a portal that led into the deep underground of the Judgment Palace.

Shang just floated through it, and the portal closed.

They hadn't exchanged any words.

When Shang arrived, he started to descend rapidly, and after a couple more kilometers, he summoned his real limbs.

All of Shang's limbs stretched. "Finally, free again," Shang spoke to himself.

The next moment, Shang descended to the silver wall and began to run towards the northwest.

Naturally, he kept his Domain of Entropy active all this time.

After a couple of minutes, Shang reached the Eternal Ocean again, and he ascended a bit.

Shang took out Gregorio's pin and contacted him. "Everything went smoothly," Shang said.

"Good to hear," Gregorio answered with a friendly voice.

However, if Shang had paid more attention, he would have noticed that Gregorio's voice was more distant than before and more uncertain.

"Now, we only need the Abomination Kings for the Lightning Manor," Shang said.

Gregorio didn't answer for two seconds. "Sure," he eventually said.

Occasionally missing content, please report errors in time.