Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Shang reveled in his new power.

Everything he had worked towards for 29,000 years had finally come true!

At the start, he had only been a weak and helpless boy that needed to jump from trees to become stronger.

Then, he underwent the painful Procedure and got a body that finally allowed him to fight the Mages on an equal footing.

After that, Shang had attained the technique that the barbarians from the Grandmountain Kingdom had used to attain such powerful bodies, and together with the effects of the Procedure, Shang had become even more powerful.

And yet, compared to the true geniuses of the world, Shang had only been mediocre.

That was until Shang had comprehended four different Paths before reaching the True Path Stage.

With a fourfold Spirit Sense, Shang had officially joined the true elite of the world, the Clouds!

And yet, there had still been a couple of thousand like Shang.

Then, Shang comprehended four different Imposes, and finally, he combined them with World Connection.

With that, Shang had reached a fivefold Spirit Sense.

Something that less than 100 people had in the world, including the Mage Kings.

Then, Shang learned Void Break after the most painful period of training of his entire life.

After accidentally consuming the momentum of comprehending Void Break, Shang managed to attain enough momentum to reach the next Realm.

And with that, he had done it.

A sixfold Spirit Sense!

The third person in known history after Lucius and Abaddon.

Then, Shang sacrificed his left arm to comprehend the Concept of Transformation, and he also managed to comprehend Sword Blood before becoming a Sword Lord.

By using up the momentum of comprehending the Concept of Transformation, Shang had surpassed Lucius and reached the same level as Abaddon.

An advanced sixfold Spirit Sense!

Shang had been on equal footing with the most powerful being in history, except for maybe the God.

And in the Sword Lord Realm, Shang had truly transcended all known norms and laws.

Except for his head, most of Shang's body had transformed to resemble Abominations. While Shang's torso didn't have the shape of a typical Abomination's torso, it was still made of the same stuff as the typical Abomination's torso.

If Shang used Void Break and Sword Focus, the power of Shang's body would eclipse the power of a Peak Beast King's body.

At this moment, except for the God, Shang had the most powerful body out of every single living being!

As an Initial Sword King, Shang could manhandle Peak Beast Kings with just his right arm, and one punch of his would destroy the Mana Shield of an Early Mage King without a fivefold Spirit Sense.

Finally, Shang surpassed Abaddon!

Finally, he attained a sevenfold Spirit Sense!

Even if the God had been some unprecedented genius in the past, Shang was absolutely certain that the God hadn't managed to go above a sevenfold Spirit Sense!

On top of that, Shang knew that his Battle-Strength vastly surpassed the God's last opponent, Lucius.

Shang even guessed that he might be able to jump two levels against Lucius.

"True power!" Shang growled as he clenched his right fist.

"I can feel it!"

"This is true power!"

"Yet, it is only the start!"

"My power might be unrivaled in Aterium, but if there are other worlds, I still have a long way to go."

Shang's grin widened.

"And I wouldn't have it any other way!"

Shang chuckled a bit in satisfaction, and he focused on a part of his mind that hadn't been there before.

A memory.

'The eighth question, huh?' Shang thought with disinterest.

'Fine, let's take a look.'

Shang accessed the memory, and he found himself in the God's palace again.

When Shang saw the fat and blonde guy in front of the God, he smirked.

'Alex,' he spoke to himself in his mind.

'What a pathetic creature you are.'

'Following the world's laws and trying to earn money for higher education.'

'You're a worker ant without any purpose.'

'But rejoice, your future is brighter than anything you could imagine at this moment!'

'You will one day become the most powerful being that Aterium has ever witnessed!'

A moment later, Alex asked his question.

"How do I become as powerful as you?" he asked the God.

The God only chuckled a bit. "That's interesting. Usually, people ask this question as their last one. How come you asked it for your eighth?"

Alex smiled sheepishly.

"I can't think of another question. This is the last one I can think of," he said with embarrassment.

The God cackled a bit. "Then think of a good one. I'm not letting you go until you've asked all your questions."

"As for the answer to your previous one, reaching my level will be extremely difficult."

"First, you need to become the most powerful person in the world."

"The more you learn before reaching a new Realm, the more powerful you become after your breakthrough."

Then, the God chuckled a bit, and his eyes turned to look at Shang.

"But when you unlock the memory of this question, you already know that."

It was like the God was talking to Shang, and Shang just looked back.

Shang looked deeply into the God's eyes with no fear.

"Become strong enough to defeat the kid from the Judgment Palace," the God said to Shang, as Alex also looked in that direction. Sadly, Alex wasn't able to see what the God was seeing, and he just looked around in confusion.

"If you somehow manage to attain that much power, you already know how to become a God."

The God chuckled a bit.

"And as for reaching my power."

"Just give it your all, okay?" he said with another chuckle.

A moment later, God looked back at Alex.

"One last question remains."

Alex seemed uncertain.

He genuinely had no idea what he should ask as his last question, and he simply looked at the God.

Alex thought about his past and his future.

That was when he realized something.

Yeah, he could ask that!

And then, the memory was cut off.

Shang just chuckled when the memory ended.

The God had said that Shang's last question had been a doozy, but Shang didn't care anymore.

Shang had attained his power, and he would use it to kill the God for playing with his life.

For a while, Shang just looked at the silver wall While dreaming of his future.

And then, Shang noticed something.𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Someone was approaching his location.

It was not Gregorio.

It was not Abaddon.

It was not Kali.

When Shang saw that person, he smirked with confidence.

Occasionally missing content, please report errors in time.