Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Wester wasn't intending to give Shang a chance to retaliate.

He had already thought that Shang might be able to defend from his Spell, but the ease at which Shang had done so still shocked him.

One had to remember that Wester was four levels above Shang, and Wester was amongst the top three of all Mage Kings!

And yet, a warrior could directly block his Spell while being four levels below him.

If Wester hadn't seen these things with his own eyes, he wouldn't believe them.

It was just too ridiculous.

Usually, the stronger one became, the fewer levels one could jump since everyone else was just as outstanding.

But, apparently, that wasn't true for Shang.

In fact, his relative Battle Strength even increased.

Shang saw which Spell Wester was using, and he only waited with a smirk.

A moment later, time, space, and gravity froze.

The Domain had been activated!

At the same time, Wester's Focus unleashed a powerful beam of lightning, which directly shot at Shang.

DING!

But just as before, the beam was blocked by the tens of weapons.

When Wester saw that, his mind nearly stopped.

How?!

How could a warrior deal with the most powerful Spell a Mage King had access to, the Domain?!

Shang was supposed to be frozen in time!

And then, Wester saw the Domain around Shang.

Just like every Spell, the Domain was also made of Mana, and with the Domain of Entropy, it also became useless.

When Wester saw Shang's Domain of Entropy, he became frustrated with himself.

Now that he truly saw and felt its effect, he automatically compared it to an Abomination's Domain.

Why hadn't he made the connection earlier?!

Naturally, due to the sheer power of the Abominations, the Domain Spell became useless.

In order to get through an Abomination's Domain, one needed to focus a lot of Mana on a small point. Any Spell that tried to attack or restrict the Abomination by encompassing them in Mana essentially became worthless.

Probably not even a Mage Emperor could stop Shang in this way.

When Shang saw Wester's serious grimace, he had to laugh.

"Isn't it interesting?" Shang asked. "We've been here for a while. Gregorio knows of my location. Gregorio probably also knows of your location. You've unleashed several Spells."

"And yet, he hasn't shown himself."

Wester narrowed his eyes as he prepared some other Spells.

"I think he's undecided," Shang said.

At that moment, 18 balls of lightning, metal, and light appeared around Shang.

BANG!

The 18 balls turned into beams and focused all their power on him.

WHOOOOM!

Suddenly, Shang's Domain expanded a bit, encompassing all the beams, and in an instant, they all turned into Neutral Mana.

When Wester saw that, his eyes opened wide in shock.

I-Iow?!

Those had been 18 genuine Spells!

These were not some throwaway Spells that Wester had launched casually!

No, these were actual Spells that he used in fights against powerful Mage Kings!

They used the level six Concept of Lightning, True Lightning, the level six Concept of Metal, True Metal, and the level six Concept of Light, Eternal Light!

Their speed, penetration power, and explosive force were beyond powerful!

For a while, Wester couldn't comprehend what he had just witnessed.

It seemed physically impossible!

And then, Wester noticed something.

Shang had lost one of his tentacles!

It had been the one that ended in the sable!

Finally, Wester understood what had happened.

If the Abominations could sacrifice parts of their body for a power increase, Shang could probably do the same!

At that moment, Wester realized how Shang had been able to survive two seconds against that one Mage King in the Defender Flag in the past.

Ever since the fight started, Shang hadn't even moved from his spot!

He hadn't even launched a single attack!

"Gregorio isn't sure what he should do," Shang continued talking like nothing had happened. "I think he knows that we are fighting right now."

The next moment, six gigantic bars of metal appeared around Shang, and they began to spin rapidly.

As they spun, they released powerful bolts of lightning, which connected the bars with each other.

In an instant, Shang was surrounded by a terrifying sphere of powerful and aggressive lightning.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

SHING!

Suddenly, all the bars stopped spinning and pointed at Shang.

BANG!

And shot towards him!

As the Domain of Entropy encompassed the bars, all the lightning weakened, but that was not the point of the attack.

The lightning had been used to speed up the bars, increasing their power.

CRK!

Wester's heart nearly stopped.

What had he just seen?!

Just now, Shang had kicked two bars away, caught two in his hands, and parried the last two with a couple of his tentacles!

And he still hadn't moved from his spot!

"Should he help me?"

"Should he destroy me?"

"I think he's not sure what he should do," Shang said with a chuckle.

BOOOOOOM!

The next instant, Wester unleashed an apocalyptic beam of light!

It was Wester's strongest single-target Spell!

It used a huge amount of Mana, and it focused all of its power on only a single point.

Shang's Domain of Entropy wouldn't be able to even get rid of 10% of its power!

It was so fast that Shang couldn't possibly avoid it!

It was so strong that it would punch through however many limbs Shang put in front of it.

Then, something moved between Shang and the beam.

DING!

BOOOOOOOM!

Suddenly, Wester felt his Mana drain by over 30%!

What?!

How did his own Spell suddenly fire back at him?

Meanwhile, Shang just chuckled as he moved the tentacle with the Colossal Sword back to its original position again.

Shang had used one of his old techniques, Reflection.

Sadly, in order to gain the power to pull it off, he had to sacrifice one more tentacle, leaving him with only around 30.

"That's why he's letting us fight, Wester," Shang said.

"One side represents the selfless goal of protecting the world."

"The other side represents the selfish goal of sacrificing the world for yourself."

"He's not sure, Wester."

"He doesn't know what to do."

Shang chuckled some more.

"And that's why he's letting us decide."

"But deep down, he knows what will happen?

"He only wants to feel like he gave the other option a sincere evaluation."

"He has already committed to sacrificing the world."

Wester's mind was trying to come up with a plan, but he couldn't.

"How about I show him What choice he truly made?"

And then, Shang started to move towards Wester.

Occasionally missing content, please report errors in time.