Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

After talking for a bit more, Gregorio retrieved Wester's corpse.

It was important that Wester's Mana didn't disperse. After all, Gregorio had to make sure that Wester died of natural causes in about 15,000 years.

Then, he would need to hand his Mana back to the other Emperors, after which it would be claimed in the next Grand Tournament.

The Mana of a Mage King represented a change in destiny for someone.

Someone's longevity would quadruple, and they would join the 100 most powerful beings in the world.

And yet, it was worthless to Shang.

In comparison to everyone else in the world, Shang wasn't missing Mana.

Shang was the only person in the world who could absorb Mana and Entropy from outside the world.

For example, even though Shang had sacrificed some tentacles to Entropy, he simply summoned an Abomination King to replace them.

After comprehending the Concept of Entropy, Shang no longer had to fear the cost of unleashing Entropy.

If he wanted, he could have also unleashed Entropy in a blast at Wester, but the destructive powers of this blast would warn the entire world.

At that moment, Shang would die.

Shang was very confident in his power, but he still knew that he couldn't fight any Emperors yet.

But Shang also knew that the chances of dying were very low from now on.

Even though Shang couldn't directly resist an Emperor yet, things wouldn't stay like this forever.

Soon, Shang would reach a level of power not even the Emperors could resist.Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

After thinking about all of this, Shang thought about what he should do next.

He couldn't just keep absorbing Abominations without end.

His body always needed a bit of time to digest the Abominations.

'In about 15,000 years, I should become a Peak Sword King,' Shang thought. "I wonder, should I look at all the Concepts during that time?'

Then, Shang snorted.

'Concepts?' he thought with a sneer. 'The rules that dictate how Aterium works?'

'Why would I care?'

'These Concepts only dictate how this single world works.'

'Can I even use them outside this world?'

'Is there even a point to learning how such a weak world operates?'

Shang raised his right hand and clenched it into a fist.

'No, my body and techniques are the only things I can truly rely on.'

'My body will always be strong, and my techniques will always remain usable.'

'The final Destination of a warrior's Path, huh?

Shang smirked.

'Is it truly?'

'Is it truly the final one?'

'Or, maybe every other Warrior Emperor in the past was just trash?'

Shang's tentacles moved around a bit.

'I'm certain I can improve my power even more!'

'A sword? A sword is only a fancy fang! There is so much more I can do!'

As Shang thought about the endless possibilities that his new body represented, Gregorio looked at Wester's repaired corpse with pain.

Wester had been Gregorio's friend for a long time, and Gregorio had enjoyed talking to Wester.

Gregorio still remembered his old assistants, but none of them had the refined charm of Wester.

"You didn't deserve this end, old friend," Gregorio said with a sigh.

"Someone as talented as you deserves to become a Mage Emperor."

"Yet, all of us old guys with our twofold and threefold Spirit Senses are hogging all the Mana, making it impossible for you." '

Gregorio looked at the Lightning Manor absentmindedly.

"I'm not certain about the world anymore."

"It's so beautiful, and it's my home."

"But what good is a world where the talented new generation is helplessly suppressed by the undying weak old generation?"

"If you had been born during any other time, I'm certain you would have become a Mage Emperor. After all, peace between the Emperors had only become a thing when there were only Mages left."

Gregorio looked at Wester.

"You said you loved the world."

"The world has suppressed you for so long and cut off your future, but you still loved it."

Gregorio sighed once again.

"Sadly, I'm not as kind and forgiving as you, Wester."

"I only want to go on adventures again."

Gregorio leaned back in his chair as he looked at the ceiling with a depressed expression.

"I'm a selfish asshole."

Sflence.

After a while, Gregorio looked towards the direction of the Judgment Palace.

"Maybe resetting the world isn't such a bad thing."

"At least, then, we will have many different Paths again, and everyone has control over their own destiny."

"Maybe Abaddon isn't the destroyer of the world."

"Maybe he's actually the savior."

The next moment, Gregorio looked towards the northwest with worry.

"And the best thing I can do is to stop the true destroyer of the world from destroying it."

Gregorio sighed once more.

"But even if he does, I still won't stop him."

Gregorio leaned forward and put his head in his hands.

"I'm pathetic."

"I'm sorry, Lucius."

While all of this was happening, two people were talking to each other in the middle of the Judgment Palace.

"Are you sure this is what you want to do?" Kali asked emotionlessly.

Abaddon just smiled bright and confidently. "You were the one that told me about his powers, Mother."

"Do you think my plan is bad?"

Kali looked at Abaddon with even eyes. "No, it's just not what I've expected of you."

Abaddon chuckled a bit. "Mother, you always told me that my confidence is too great and that you believe I would crack under genuine pressure."

"Is that what you meant when you said this isn't what you've expected?"

Kali continued to stare lifelessly at Abaddon.

She didn't answer.

"Mother, I always told you that I am not blind to true power and changing circumstances."

"We have seen the Abominations, and we can see that they do not come from our world."

"The existence of the Abominations is proof of a wider world out there."

"In the past, my goal has been to become the God of this world."

"But now, not anymore."

"Why not leave this world?"

Abaddon chuckled a bit as he looked towards the northwest.

"And our little friend seems to be the key."

Occasionally missing content, please report errors in time.