Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Time passed.

Since Wester had passed away, Gregorio's workload had multiplied.

It wasn't difficult for Gregorio to imitate Wester's voice and aura via his Transmission Medal, but Gregorio had to deal with a lot of things.

'That's what I get for letting Shang deal with this,' he thought in exhaustion. 'If I had intervened before Wester went to search for Shang, he would probably still work for me.'

'At least, I only have to continue like this for another 15,000 years, and I can also make Wester retire 5,000 years before his natural end.'

While Gregorio was trying to deal with Wester's workload, the world was entering a period of peace and hope.

No more Abomination Lords!

No more war!

No more Shang!

The war had been going on for over 20,000 years, which meant that several generations of Ancestral Mages had been born and died during the war.

Ancestral Mages could live for 5,000 years, and four generations of those had been born into war and died while the war was still raging on.

Only the oldest Mage Lords and the Mage Kings could remember a time before the war.

But now, the war was finally over!

And even better, the worsening situation with the Abominations had also ended.

The Ancestral Mages and more powerful knew of the Child of Calamity, and they knew that the Child of Calamity hadn't increased in power for a very long time.

No one knew who the Child of Calamity was, but they knew that the Child of Calamity had to be around 25,000 years old or even older.

This created three possibilities, and all of them were not that bad.

One, the Child of Calamity was very close to running out of longevity.

Two, the Child of Calamity had died.

Three, there had never been a Child of Calamity this time, and the Abominations had just increased in power naturally.

These cases all didn't matter since the Empress of Death had found a way to get rid of the most powerful Abominations.

With enough time, she would probably also find a way to deal with the weaker Abominations.

Some people argued that this didn't make a lot of sense. After all, Abomination Lords were more powerful than Ancestral Abominations. So, how could it be harder to stop Ancestral Abominations from appearing than Abomination Lords?

If the Empress of Death could get rid of Abomination Lords, she should also be able to get rid of weaker Abominations.

But some people also had very strong counterarguments.

"In order to filter something smaller and weaker, the filter needs to be more precise and more advanced. Therefore, it is easier to stop Abomination Lords from appearing than Ancestral Abominations."

"Also, if it were so easy to stop weaker Abominations from appearing, why had the first three Realms of the Abominations always appeared throughout history?"

Most people believed that Kali would one day be able to deal with the weaker Abominations as well.

In general, people were very hopeful, and many people would rather look at a more positive future than a grim one.

All the powerful Ancestral Mages and Mage Lords thought about the friends and family they had lost to the Abominations.

The Abominations had destroyed such a significant part of the world, and they had killed so many people.

Finally, the world had a shot at getting rid of them.

As everything calmed down, more powerful Mages were born, and within just a couple of thousand years, the population of the Mage Lords had recovered to the same level as before the war.

No matter how many people died during the war, the population would always recoven

The population of Mage Kings had also recovered.

Of course, in exchange, the population of Beast Kings had declined.

In order to keep the number of Mage Kings at 90, the Emperors had decided to kill a couple of Beast Kings for Mana.

5,000 years after the Grand Tournament in which Shang had participated, Cynthia became a Mage King.

With Cynthia being a Mage King now, the Lightning Manor had seven Mage Kings again, the same number as when Shang had joined.

Wester, the Custodian. While Shang and Gregorio knew that he was dead, the world didn't know yet.

Kiran, the Catastrophe King.

Sarah, the Starlight Queen.

Amarius, the Dawnlight King.

Emilia, the Heartdevil Queen.

Eluriel, the Voidspace King.

Cynthia, the Arctic Queen.

The departments had also shifted around.Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

The Starlight Queen gave the Reconnaissance Department to the Voidspace King and took over the Reinforcement Department.

The Starlight Queen also gave the second Department she had run for a while, the Research Department, to the Arctic Queen.

After running several departments for over 20,000 years, the Starlight Queen had finally earned some peace and quiet.

Additionally, she had also proven that her skills were invaluable, which was why she had gotten the second-most-important Department after the Administration Department.

If the Mage King of the Reinforcement Department didn't do a good job, the Lightning Manor wouldn't get new Mage Kings.

20,000 years ago, the Starlight Queen had been the newest Mage King, and she had to prove herself with an unimportant Department like Reconnaissance.

And now, she had finally gotten a valuable position.

20,000 years ago, Queen Primordium ran the Reinforcement Department. Queen Primordium had been much more powerful than the Starlight Queen back then.

But now, the Starlight Queen was close to being able to use the Domain Spell.

And when she finally mastered it, she could have rivaled the Queen Primordium from the past.

As time passed, the new replaced the old.

However, all the Mage Kings also knew that a big change would soon take place.

They knew that the Custodian would soon die.

Luckily, they had already determined a worthy successor.

Kiran, the Catastrophe King.

While Kiran wasn't as powerful as the Custodian, he could use the Domain Spell, and he still had over 40,000 years left.

With a bit of luck, he might even enter the top five of all Mage Kings.

The Lightning Manor was recovering.

The bad times were over.

From now on, the world would recover.

Finally, the dark times were over!

Occasionally missing content, please report errors in time.