Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

More years passed.

Eventually, the Custodian retreated from the busy life of a King.

For his last 5,000 years, he wanted to travel the world in peace and live amongst the weaker people.

Several Mage Kings wanted to hold a farewell ceremony for him, but Wester just dechned.

And just like that, one of the most powerful Mage Kings had retreated from the world.

The Catastrophe King took over as the new Custodian and head of the Administration Department.

Amarius, the Dawnlight King, ran two Departments now.

The Force Department and the Diplomacy Department.

Ever since the entire war started, the Diplomacy Department had stopped being relevant since there was basically nothing to talk about with the other Kingdoms.

Technically, the Force Department was also responsible for fighting in wars, but due to the size of the war, all Departments had been part of it, and the people agreed that the Starlight Queen had done an amazing job.

Compared to Wester, Kiran wasn't nearly as talkative and interested in socializing. Kiran, the Catastrophe King, rarely Visited the Ancestor, and he basically only appeared if the Ancestor wanted something.

About 3,000 years later, Wester officially died.

The Lightning Manor mourned the loss of one of the most prestigious and outstanding Mage Kings.

If Wester hadn't been born in this era, he might have been the strongest Mage King. Sadly, Wester couldn't compare to King Sanctified Death.

The oldest Mage King of the Lightning Manor was now Emilia, the l-leartdevil Queen.

She would probably die within the next 10,000 years.

However, compared to Wester's death, not many people cared about Emilia.

Ever since Emilia had become a Mage King, she had only done the absolute bare minimum.

If she were a Mage Lord, she would have long since been demoted into a normal Bolt without a lot of responsibility.

Sadly, as a Mage King, the Lightning Manor was kind of forced to give her an important position.

Emilia had barely done anything, and even though she was now around 90,000 years old, she still belonged to the weakest 10% of Mage Kings in the world.

And compared to the late Myriad King, she didn't contribute anything.

After another 3,000 years, the Lightning Manor welcomed a new Mage King.

The Lightningcrystal Queen, Ferona.

For the foreseeable future, she would follow Amarius and learn from him.

Ferona had quite a confident but competent Aura around her.

Amarius even said that Ferona reminded him of the late Queen Primordium.

With the heightened tensions between Empires, Ferona would be a good pick for becoming the next Mage King responsible for the Diplomacy Department.

Being nice to other Empires was no longer a fitting strategy.

While the Lightning Manor was crowning a new Mage King, Shang had also achieved his goal for now.

Three Abomination Kings were turned into Mana and Entropy around him, and a moment later, Shang's Aura intensified even more.

Shang was now 43,000 years old, and he had reached the Sword King Realm 14,000 years ago.

14,000 years ago, Shang had easily killed one of the strongest Mage Kings, Wester.

Back then, Shang had been at the Initial Sword King Realm.

But now, Shang had reached the Peak Sword King Realm.

The intensity and pressure of his Aura was unprecedented.

A sevenfold Spirit Sense.

Even without Shang's Abomination body.

Even without Shang's Entropy.

Even without these things, Shang would have a sevenfold Spirit Sense and a fitting Battle Strength.

And yet, these two other things pushed Shang that much further.

While Shang's Spirit Sense was "only" sevenfold, Shang's true power might actually reach the level of a hypothetical eightfold or even ninefold Spirit Sense.

Shang's power was no longer reasonable.

When Shang felt the impossible power of his body, he felt a feeling of exhilaration flow through his body.

The feeling of power was intoxicating.

It felt so amazing.

He wanted even more.

Even though Shang was no longer under any time pressure or danger, he still didn't take breaks.

He wanted more power!

The faster he got more power, the better!

He needed more power!

Over the past 14,000 years, Shang had focused on increasing the power of his body and techniques even more.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

All the techniques he had created in the past had been integrated into Shang's new fighting style and had been elevated.

The more Shang progressed, the more he realized that there were no limits to his potential.

He was growing quickly at a terrifying rate, making Shang laugh with jubilation.

His mind was so fast and powerful!

His instincts were beyond compare!

The potential of his body was only limited by his creativity!

He could transform into whatever shape he wanted!

The limited ability of the human body no longer concerned him!

The constraints of the rules of the world were no longer important!

Shang had long since broken past them, and he could feel the true power of the wider world!

The Abominations were powerful, and the Abominations would also soon be beneath him!

Shang's tentacles stretched.

BOOOOOM!

And then, they all attacked the silver wall!

The silver wall vibrated.

Back when Shang had been an Initial Sword King, the silver wall hadn't even reacted.

When Shang saw the wall vibrate, he could tell that it was breakable.

If he used Entropy on the wall, it might actually get destroyed.

This was all Shang wanted to see.

Leaving the world right now might not be the best idea.

First, Shang wanted to become a God and kill the owner of the current title of God.

Shang looked at the sky with a mad grin.

Soon".

After a bit, Shang focused on something else.

Since he was now a Peak Sword King, Shang wanted to try something.

No one had ever done something like this, and no one had ever heard about something like this.

But Shang could do it, and he wanted to know what it would feel like.

So, Shang decided that he would do it now.

Shang wanted to know something.

Did Abomination Emperors exist?

Occasionally missing content, please report errors in time.