Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

No one had ever seen an Abomination Emperor.

According to the Watcher's Record,

Abominations hadn't existed for that long, and when they had appeared, they had been extremely weak.

When Lucius had become powerful, the strongest Abomination anyone had ever seen was an Abomination King.

No one had ever seen an Abomination Emperor.

Even more, Shang was actually quite confident that Lucius had never actually summoned an Abomination Emperor himself.

There were a couple of reasons for that.

First of all, Lucius had never undergone the Bloodline Infusion.

One had to remember that Shang was only able to use the True Domain of Entropy because his body was essentially an Abomination.

Even more, Lucius had needed to kill almost all other Emperors to become a God. If he had comprehended the True Concept of Entropy, he definitely hadn't transformed his body and mind.

Shang was certain that Lucius had still been a human.

So, Lucius hadn't had the ability to absorb Abominations to become more powerful, and summoning Abominations also wouldn't help him in accomplishing any of his goals.

He probably even used his status as the Child of Calamity to stop more Abominations from appearing.

In Lucius' mind, summoning an Abomination Emperor was probably akin to endangering the entire world.

But Shang didn't have any of these issues.

Shang wanted to know what an Abomination Emperor looked like, and that was enough reason for him to summon one.

Shang closed his eyes and searched for an Abomination Emperor.

And he didn't need to search for long.

Almost instantly, Shang felt thousands of Abomination Emperors.

When Shang felt the sheer number of Abomination Emperors, his guess had been confirmed.

The world of the Abominations was vastly superior to Aterium.

Shang laughed and grabbed one of the Abomination Emperors.

He easily cut the connection between it and its inferiors, and Shang pulled it out.

The Abomination Emperor was easily pulled out of its world, but surprisingly, it neither helped Shang nor refused him.

It was like it was just bored, and decided to just go along with whatever was happening.

SHING!

The next moment, it appeared in front of Shang.

Surprisingly, the Abomination Emperor wasn't even that big.

In fact, it was just a bit over 180 centimeters tall, the size of an average man.

On top of that, it also almost looked like a human.

While its form and its limbs appeared human, there were still many tentacles coming out of its back.

Compared to Shang's tentacles, these were not tentacles ending in weapons.

Just like with the weaker Abominations, these tentacles basically served no purpose.

They couldn't be used as weapons, and they even got in the way a couple of times.

Naturally, the number of tentacles had decreased as the Abominations had become more powerful.

An Abomination Lord only had tentacles on its face, while an Abomination King had no tentacles.

But now, the shape of the body was different, and the tentacles had returned.

Apparently, a sort of transformation had taken place between the Abomination King and the Abomination Emperor Realm.

The human standing in front of Shang had no scales, but its body was still an unnatural ashen color.

Shang was quite intrigued by the appearance of the Abomination Emperor.

A moment later, the Abomination Emperor opened its eyes and glanced at Shang with interest.

There was no respect or disrespect in its eyes.

It was simply curiosity.

It was almost innocent.

However, Shang realized how terrifying this actually was.

This was no longer something with a pseudo-intelligence.

This Abomination Emperor was like a little child, a being with actual intelligence.

It just hadn't gained any experience or knowledge of the world yet.

But with a bit of time, it would quickly learn many things.

When Shang saw the Abomination Emperor open its eyes, he felt a bit uncertain.

He felt like this wasn't the best idea.

The next moment, the Abomination Emperor looked around the world with interest.

Surprisingly, it wasn't interested in destroying the world just yet.

A moment later, it furrowed its brows and held out its right hand.

BZZZZT!

Shang's eyes widened when he saw some lightning appear on top of the Abomination Emperor's hand.

Even more, Shang recognized that the Abomination Emperor had used the level one Concept of Lightning, Spark!

Yet, hadn't the Abomination Emperor just been a newborn baby?!

How had it already mastered a Concept?!

The Abomination Emperor closed its hand and opened it again.

The next moment, the lightning in its hand began to spin, and the Abomination Emperor looked at the lightning with interest.

Shang felt a cold shiver run down his shoulder.

The level two Concept of Lightning, Magnetism!

BZZZ!

Then, the lightning exploded.

The level three Concept of Lightning, Shock!

More lightning appeared, and it began to spin in a circle as a concentrated bolt.

The level four Concept of Lightning, Bolt!𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

At that moment, Shang felt something terrifying.

Just now, the Abomination Emperor hadn't felt that dangerous to Shang.

It had barely felt like an issue.

A couple of good attacks, and the Abomination Emperor would cease to exist.

However, as the Abomination Emperor kept comprehending Concepts, the feeling of threat it was emanating rapidly intensified!

The next moment, the lightning in the Abomination Emperor's hands changed color, and Shang took a deep breath.

The level five Concept of Lightning, Lightning itself!

Shang could feel that the Abomination Emperor was very quickly turning into something that could fight him!

WHOOOOOM!

Shang activated his Domain of Entropy.

He had to stop the Abomination Emperor now!

The Abomination Emperor looked with interest at Shang before furrowing its brows.

The next moment, Shang felt an apocalyptic pressure crushing his body, making it extremely difficult to move.

Shang gritted his teeth, and ten of his tentacles turned into nothingness.

BOOOOOM!

A humongous cut went through the world, and the pressure on Shang became weaker.

A moment later, Shang saw the bisected body of the Abomination Emperor before his Domain of Entropy completely turned it into Mana and Entropy.

Shang took a deep breath and used the Entropy and Mana to regrow his limbs before pocketing the remainder.

Sure enough, Abomination Emperors were truly dangerous.

Occasionally missing content, please report errors in time.