Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Shang continued training and refining his combat style.

By now, he had found quite a few ways to strengthen himself even further, and he was sure that some of these things were on the same level as the final Destination for warriors.

The world had existed for a very long time, and many people had found their way to the top. Yet, Shang was also certain that not every possible path had been explored to the fullest.

The world could accommodate many more things, and Shang knew that he could create more and more new things.

By now, Shang was even thinking about how the world actually managed to support some of Shang's creations.

Shang could tell that the world worked on a certain ruleset, and many abilities could be used with the support of the world.

For example, when Shang used World Connection, he was technically not hitting his enemy.

The world itself emulated Shang's physical strike and struck the opponent.

If the world didn't support Shang, Shang wouldn't be able to hit someone with this kind of attack.

Magic was extremely similar.

The Concepts represented the rules of the world, and some of the Spells made with these Concepts relied on the world itself.

For example, the Domain Spell used the Gravity, Time, and Space Mana from the world itself and changed them.

Of course, the Mage also had to use their own Mana, but that was only part of it.

What about the existence of Mana itself?

Did the other worlds even have Mana, or did they use something else?

What if the other worlds relied on a mixture of Mana and Entropy, just like Shang's body?

Sword Heart also relied on the world.

Without the world actively following someone's will, many powers wouldn't even work.

And with many of Shang's new powers, he saw the world reciprocating as well.

It was quite surprising.

Shang was quite certain that some of the things he had invented had never been invented in the past.

So, how would the world know how to reciprocate these abilities?

Was it an automatic thing, or did the God do this?

'No, it's definitely not him,' Shang thought with a snort. 'Means it's an automatic thing.'

Something like this was quite impressive, but Shang's horizons had already been widened.

Who cares about how this weak world worked?

One of the thousands of Abomination Emperors could end it.

From what Shang had seen, it would simply comprehend all the Concepts in a matter of minutes, become unattackable, and then destroy all the Mana.

Was this the end goal of the Abominations?

Just get an Abomination Emperor into the world?

It was definitely possible. After all, the Ninth Realm represented the highest Realm in the world, except for the God.

In front of the Abominations, Aterium couldn't even resist.

SHING!

Shang slashed with one of his tentacles, leaving behind a black tear in the air.

A moment later, all the Mana in Shang's surroundings was sucked into the black tear.

Shang just looked with ridicule at the black tear that was absorbing the Mana.

This wasn't exactly one of Shang's techniques.

This was simply a result of Shang becoming too powerful.

By using all of his powers and actively targeting reality, Shang could create a tear in reality, which would continue absorbing Mana indefinitely.

'This world is so weak.'

'I'm not even in the Ninth Realm, and I can already tear it apart.'

'What a disgusting world.'

Shang watched with disgust as the tear slowly began to close.

It took the tear nearly ten full seconds to close fully, which was just pathetic in Shang's eyes.

Whenever Shang moved or did anything, he felt like he had to be careful, lest he accidentally break little poor Aterium.

It was like Shang had to walk on eggshells all the time.

He hated it.

He hated this world for being so weak.

Nevertheless, Shang had to wait for about 8,000 more years.

Well, he didn't have to, but he wanted to.

Whenever Shang thought of the future, he had to grin.

'You Emperors have been a pain in the ass for long enough.'

'You tried your best to kill and suppress me, and after so long, I can finally take revenge.'

'Become a Sword Emperor?'

Shang smirked.

'No, that would be boring.'

'I want to make them lose all hope.'

'I want them to try everything to kill me.'

'I want to give them hope before crushing it!'

'I won against Wester with a four - level disadvantage.'

'So, why can't I win against one of these useless Mage Emperors with a five - level disadvantage?

'Wester already knew many level six Concepts, and the Mage Emperors just know a couple more.'

'But what's the point of having level six Concepts?'

'What's the point?!'RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

'My power is absolute!'

'My power no longer follows the conventions of this world!'

'You are all just pathetic little worms living in the rotting piece of shit you call Aterium!'

'Your useless little toys can't do anything to help you when someone comes with an actual weapon!'

'I will show you!'

'For everything you've done to me, I will tear down your hope again and again before I snuff out your lives!'

'I am going to destroy your Mage Kings!'

'I am going to destroy your Mage Lords?

'I am going to destroy your Empires!'

'I am going to destroy everything you hold dear!'

'I will rid this world of humanity, and while I'm at it, I might as well rid this world of every other life as well!'

'And I'm not even doing this for the level six Concept of Death.'

'I'm just doing this because you all want to save Aterium.'

'You all tried to take my life from me.'

'So, I will take everything that you love away from you!'

Shang couldn't stop smiling happily.

It felt so great.

He was so excited!

Just about 8,000 more years!

In 8,000 more years, he could finally turn the Mage Emperors' lives into a world of despair and hopelessness!

Occasionally missing content, please report errors in time.