Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

It was finally time.

After 50,000 years, the time had finally arrived. The Ultimate Tournament.

The strongest Mage King would become the newest Mage Emperor!

While all the weaker people were excited about the rise of another Emperor, the Mage Kings and Mage Emperors became worried.

While the normal people didn't know the specifics about every Mage King, the Mage Kings themselves knew that this tournament was only for show.

They knew that King Sanctified Death would win.

Whenever any of the Mage Kings just so much as looked at him, they already felt helplessly inferior.

It was like they were looking at a Mage Emperor!

King Sanctified Death was on a level that they couldn't even hope to resist!

Luckily, this tournament wasn't to the death.

Because of that, the Mage Kings could still try fighting ng Sanctlfied Death.

Many of them always wanted to fight against the most talented Mage in existence.

Due to King Sanctified Death, the Mage Emperors decided against holding the tournament inside the Judgement Palace Empire.

Instead, they decided to hold it in the south, in the Event Horizon Empire.

Since the Event Horizon Empire specialized in Space, Time, and Gravity Magic, the center of their Empire was made of especially malleable space.

In the center of the Event Horizon Empire, a monumental grey pearl floated in the sky.

It was over 5,000 kilometers wide, but that wasn't even close to its entire size.

The Space, Time, and Gravity Mana inside the grey pearl had been compressed by so much that the inside was over a. million kilometers wide.

Sadly, the warped Mana inside the pearl made it impossible to comprehend any Concepts.

This pearl was called the Horizon, which gave the Event Horizon Empire part of its name.

In a way, it was similar to the reality tear that Shang had once traveled through.

The Empires decided that the final battle over the fate of the world would be held here.

Just as promised, they would hold the tournament and hand over King Sanctified Death's prize.

And then, the final battle would take place.

Abaddon might not want to destroy all the matter in the world, but for living beings, he might as well be just as dangerous as the Abominations.

After Shang had died around 25,000 years ago, Abaddon had become the enemy of the Mage Emperors.

If they managed to get rid of Abaddon, they would only have to deal with the Abominations.

Of course, Kali would probably also have to die since she would most likely take Abaddon's side.

So, it was very possible that the Abomination Lords would return to the world. After all, Kali had probably rigged her Magic Circles to explode in case she died.

But the Mage Emperors were already prepared for that.

Three of them had focused on comprehending the Magic Circles Kali had created, and they had already gleaned a lot of information from them.

They were not yet certain how these Magic Circles could stop Abominations from appearing, but the Emperors now had a direction they could focus on.

Eventually, one of them would be able to recreate Kali's Spell.

And then, all the problems would be solved.

They only hoped that they would be able to resist Abaddon's attacks and kill him.

Luckily, Gregorio had only said that the tournament needed to conclude officially.

This meant that a winner had to be crowned, and the prize had to be handed over.

However, that didn't mean that everyone had to wait for Abaddon to absorb his prize.

That moment would be when the fate of the world was decided.

As the tournament grew closer, one person after the other arrived.

As the host, Isis N eweston was already present, and she waited in the middle of the Horizon with her candidate.

Isis Neweston's candidate was her most powerful Mage King, a young-looking man with grey hair and grey eyes.

His title was Eternity King, and he belonged to one of the ten most powerful Mage Kings in the world.

The first other Emperor that arrived was Nivera Preston, the Deepsteel Empress.

Her candidate was an adult woman with grey, azure, and white hair.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

This was the Icespear Queen.

The Icespear Queen had been Wester's rival, and she was the reason why Wester had always only been second or third place amongst the Mage Kings.

The Icespear Queen was one of the rare prodigies that were seen only once in a hundred thousand years.

She had three Afiinities!

Ice, Lightning, and Metal!

Now, after Wester had died, the Icespear Queen had become the undisputed second place among the Mage Kings.

The next person who arrived wasJenny Greenhouse.

Her candidate was a girl with orange and blue hair who naturally had a Dual Affinity of Fire and Ice.

Her title was Fierycold Queen, and she belonged to the top ten of Mage Kings.

The next one that arrived was Linastra Boomwitch, and her candidate was a man with light-red hair and red robes.

His title was Sacredfiame King. He had Dual Affinity of Fire and Light, and he belonged to the top ten of all Mage Kings.

The next one that arrived was Bina Ching with her candidate, who had icy and black hair.

She was the Abyssfrost Queen, and she had a Dual Afiinity of Darkness and Ice. She belonged to the top ten of Mage Kings, but she was most likely within the top five.

Next, Brutus Cesar arrived with his candidate, a stalwart, tall, and muscular man.

His title was the Unbreakable King, and he had a Dual Afiinity of Earth and Metal. He also had a high likelihood of being among the top five of Mage Kings.

The next Emperor that arrived was Amon Gus, and his candidate was a beautiful girl with black and White hair.

She was the Duality Queen, andjust like Amon Gus, she had a Dual Affinity of Light and Darkness. She could also fight for a position among the top five.

After Amon Gus arrived, quite some time passed until the next person arrived.

It was Kali with her candidate.

Naturally, her candidate didn't need any introduction.

Abaddon just politely greeted everyone present.

Surprisingly, the other Mage Kings didn't seem to fear him.

Instead, determination appeared in their eyes. Everyone focused on Abaddon.

"Can we start?" Amon Gus asked.

"We're missing one," Isis Neweston stated evenly.

"Are you sure he will come?" Amon Gus asked with a shake of his head. "After all, the Custodian died, and his true candidate also died. The Catastrophe King is becoming quite impressive, but he is not yet on the level of the present people."

Silence.

"I'm here."

Everyone heard Gregorio's voice with surprise, and a second later, he appeared to the side with his candidate.

When everyone saw the candidate, they felt like their minds had stopped working.