Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3: Seventh Level of the Qi Refinement Realm, Too Charming

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Cultivation specialization?

Han Jue didn’t hesitate too much.

He noticed that he had obtained the Six Paths of Reincarnation Technique, which was most likely related to the Spiritual Physique of the Six Paths. The aptitudes of the six top-notch cultivation potentials had to be developed together. He wanted a holistic development.

At the same time, he possessed top-notch talent in swordsmanship, so he naturally had to choose sword cultivation!

After Han Jue figured it out, he immediately clicked on [Swordsman].

In an instant, a strange heat surged within his body.

He fell into a trance.

It was like a dream. It was very long, but he couldn’t remember what happened in the dream.

When he opened his eyes again, Han Jue was covered in sweat. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

The screen in front of him had become a list of attributes:

[Name: Han Jue]

[Lifespan: 11 / 65]

[Race: Mortal]

[Cultivation: None]

[Technique: Six Paths of Reincarnation Technique (Can be inherited)]

[Magic: None]

[Mystical Power: None]

[Equipment: None]

[Cultivation Potential: Spiritual Physique of the Six Paths. It contains top-notch wind, fire, water, earth, wood, and thunder cultivation potentials. Increases providence to a certain extent.]

[Connate Providence is as follows]

[Unparalleled: Immortal beauty, top-notch charm]

[Destined Sword Fanatic: Top-notch Sword Dao aptitude, top-notch Sword Dao learning ability]

[Unparalleled Movement Technique: Top-notch movement technique aptitude]

[Descendant of the Immortal Emperor: After the game begins, you will receive an unparalleled cultivation technique and 1,000 superior-grade spirit stones.]

[Check interpersonal relationships]

...

Han Jue wasn’t in a hurry to inherit the Six Paths of Reincarnation Technique. Instead, he clicked on the [interpersonal relationships] at the bottom.

The screen changed and a photo of a person appeared.

It looked exactly like Elder Iron.

[Elder Iron: Seventh level of the Qi Refinement Realm. He hates you. If you have cultivation potential he would definitely scheme against you. Hatred level: 1 star.]

“F*ck, I worked so hard for you and you still hate me?”

Han Jue cursed in his head.

Then, he calmed down.

This is so useful!

I can see what others think of me.

But why is there no one else?

Mortals aren’t included?

Does Zhang Ge have no thoughts about me?

Han Jue couldn’t figure it out, so he didn’t think too much about it. He pushed open the door first and realized that it was almost noon. He couldn’t be lazy anymore or he would be discovered.

He immediately ran towards the herb garden.

“Han Jue, did you sleep in?”

A middle-aged servant chided him laughingly. Han Jue scratched his head in embarrassment, causing the others to laugh.

They didn’t think too much about it, nor did they really scold him. Han Jue rarely failed his duty. And sleeping in once in a while was ok.

The female cultivator at the entrance of the herb garden suddenly opened her eyes to look at Han Jue.

She frowned slightly.

“This young man... is so handsome!”

A line of words appeared in front of Han Jue.

[Xing Hongxuan has developed a favorable impression of you. Current favorability: 1 star.]

What the hell?

Who is Xing Hongxuan?

Han Jue was baffled and turned around subconsciously.

Can it be that female cultivator?

As expected, the female cultivator was staring at him.

Their eyes met, and Xing Hongxuan smiled at him.

Han Jue quickly turned his head away.

Crap.

My top-notch charm has kicked into effect.

I’m a mortal and she’s a cultivator. A romantic relationship between us will not be blessed.

Can it be that she wants to use me as a Human Furnace?

No!

He had to think of a way to avoid that!

...

At night.

After the other five servants were all sound asleep, Han Jue lay on the bed and began to inherit the Six Paths of Reincarnation Technique.

A huge amount of memories flooded his mind.

After a long while...

He opened his eyes.

“So, this is a cultivation technique. It’s so complicated...”

Han Jue thought to himself. He was only at the first level of the technique and he could reach the ninth level of Qi Refining Realm.

The Six Paths of Reincarnation Technique focused on a balanced development so that he could nurture the cultivation potentials of all six elemental types. Although the cultivation process was more complicated than cultivating only a single elemental type, Han Jue’s aptitude was exceptional and could make up for it.

Only when six types of Spirit Qi reached a certain level could one build their foundation!

Han Jue was very excited and quietly sat up. He had the system set up a barrier around his bed so that the three cultivators outside wouldn’t notice.

The other five servants were sound asleep. After all, it had been a tiring day.

Han Jue started to perform expiration exercises according to the first level.

Expiration was a breathing technique.

During the expiration process, he patiently sensed the Heaven and Earth Spirit Qi.

In less than ten seconds, Han Jue felt the wind, earth, wood, and water Spirit Qi in the air.

As for the fire and thunder Spirit Qi, he couldn’t capture them yet.

Han Jue began to absorb the four types of Spirit Qi.

Words suddenly appeared before his eyes.

Even though his eyes were closed, he could still see these words. It was truly miraculous.

[This is your first time cultivating. These are the following options for your cultivation development.]

[Firstly, you can be a high-profile unparalleled prodigy. You can obtain one Qi Refining Realm equipment.]

[Alternatively, you can keep a low profile and cultivate. You can activate the ability to hide your cultivation and cultivation potential.]

Han Jue chose the second option without hesitation.

The second function was obviously a godly skill.

This way, he would be able to cultivate in peace without the fear of being discovered!

[You can activate the hidden function anytime.]

Han Jue smiled.

Elder Iron had yet to return, so he had to seize the opportunity to become stronger.

...

In the blink of an eye.

Two years passed quickly.

The 18-year-old Han Jue was already at the seventh level of the Qi Refinement Realm. His four cultivation potentials—wind, earth, wood, and water—were all at the seventh level of the Qi Refinement Realm.

Han Jue knew that Xing Hongxuan was only at the seventh level of Qi Refining Realm through the interpersonal relationships list.

Elder Iron hadn’t returned for the past two years.

What was worth mentioning was that Xing Hongxuan’s good impression of him had increased to two stars.

They had never even spoken.

However, Han Jue could sense that Xing Hongxuan kept staring at him, which made him feel uncomfortable.

Being too handsome also had its troubles.

Sigh.

I only want to cultivate.

Han Jue sighed in his head.

Xing Hongxuan was pretty, but definitely not so beautiful that people would give up anything for her. Han Jue didn’t want to fall in love with her.

Once he loved someone, he would have a weakness.

He wanted to live forever and not die halfway.

He would consider romantic relationships once he had obtained immortality.

As long as he was invincible, he could have as many women as he wanted. He wasn’t afraid of his enemies finding trouble with him!

As Han Jue worked, he made the firm decision to see Xing Hongxuan as a lure that would sway him from his goals.

At this moment...

Xing Hongxuan suddenly rose to her feet.

She walked over leisurely, attracting the attention of the other servants.

She went straight to Han Jue and smiled. “Come with me.”

Han Jue was stunned.

The other servants looked at him enviously.

To be able to attract the attention of such a fairy-like figure must be a good thing.

All of them had already given up hope and had made themselves content with staying single for life.

Han Jue didn’t dare to refuse and could only nod.

The two of them walked out of the herb garden.

The male cultivator opened his eyes and asked, “Hongxuan, what are you doing?”

He sized up Han Jue and frowned.

He’s so handsome!

The herb garden servants had never left the garden their entire lives. They had no aesthetic taste, and with their habitual thinking, they didn’t really notice the change in Han Jue much.

As a female, Xing Hongxuan was the first to notice something different about him.

The male cultivator observed Han Jue carefully only because of Xing Hongxuan.

Han Jue’s good looks made him instinctively unhappy.

Xing Hongxuan covered her mouth and smiled. “It’s fine. You can continue your cultivation. I want to talk to this young man alone.”

Han Jue smiled awkwardly and anxiously at the male cultivator.

The male cultivator frowned but did not say anything.

Han Jue followed Xing Hongxuan into the woods.

He was struggling internally.

I’m too charming!

What should I do next?

Resist?

Or... obey?