Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1083 Fighting Yin-Yang

Han Jue entered the depths of the blank domain under Yin-Yang Purity Nirvana Deity’s lead. This place was far from the Chaos, the Ultimate Origin World, and the Purity Great Dao World. Even if the Dao Creators fought here, the other waves would find it very difficult to threaten the various Great Dao Worlds. It was really too far. It would take tens of thousands of years for a Great Dao Supreme to rush over.

Han Jue activated all his Supreme Treasures and distanced himself from the Yin-Yang Purity Nirvana Deity.

He agreed to this battle to intimidate the Ninth Chaos.

Recently, many Chaotic spies had appeared in the Ultimate Origin World, including cultivators from the Nine Extremes Orthodoxy. There had to be a conspiracy behind this.

Although the Ultimate Origin World was inferior to the Chaos, Han Jue was not afraid of the Ninth Chaos.

He had already reached the late-stage Dao Creator Realm and the Ninth Chaos was injured by his curse. He could still resist even if he couldn’t insta-kill him.

In any case, the Ninth Chaos was already filled with hatred towards him. Showing his strength appropriately was also a deterrent.

The black and white Qi around the Yin-Yang Purity Nirvana Deity began to spread. It quickly circled around a scene of the Great Dao World, as if Chaos had descended into this pale void.

“Let me see how powerful the second Dao Creator is!”

The Yin-Yang Purity Nirvana Deity smiled, his tone filled with disdain.

This fellow was so arrogant!

Han Jue frowned. Logically speaking, a Dao Creator shouldn’t have such a bearing. Could it be that the other party was deliberately provoking him to see what he was capable of?

It seemed that the Yin-Yang Purity Nirvana Deity and the Ninth Chaos were closer than he had imagined. Otherwise, the Ninth Chaos wouldn’t have let the Yin-Yang Purity Nirvana Deity attain the mid-stage Dao Creator Realm. Han Jue didn’t say anything and directly used Ultimate Origin Soul Oblivion. Seven blades of Divine Punishment appeared around him.

The seven red blades surrounded his body. Sometimes, they grew longer, and sometimes shorter. A terrifying sharp aura surged towards Yin-Yang Purity Nirvana Deity.

At first glance, Yin-Yang Purity Nirvana Deity knew that this Mystical Power was extremely piercing and could not be blocked.

Yin-Yang Purity Nirvana Deity’s body suddenly dissipated. The black and white mist surged violently towards Han Jue from all directions. It

had the domineering aura of devouring the

world and of being unstoppable.

Han Jue’s eyes narrowed. Seven Divine Punishment Light Blades suddenly swept in all directions. Their speed was so fast that countless afterimages could be seen. It was as if they split into billions of light blades and forcefully dispersed the black and white mist. The black and white mist that covered nearly half of the blank domain was instantly dispersed, leaving only a trace of remnant Qi.

Yin-Yang Purity Nirvana Deity suddenly appeared behind Han Jue. A hand covered in strange Dao patterns stretched out. In an instant, a black and white vortex appeared behind Han Jue, as if space was distorted and wanted to disperse his body.

Swish!

A Divine Punishment Light Blade attacked and tore apart the Yin-Yang Purity Nirvana Deity and the black and white vortex.

Han Jue couldn’t be bothered to turn around.

He was invincible once the Ultimate Origin Soul Oblivion was activated.

The Yin-Yang Purity Nirvana Deity kept

moving and appearing. Every time he appeared, he would be found by the Ultimate Origin Soul Oblivion and destroyed time and time again. However, he persevered and tried his best to find a flaw.

This scene shocked the three Dao Creators in

the distance.

“What Mystical Power is that?”

“It’s not as simple as speed. The enemy will immediately be attacked when they appear. It feels like karma.”

“The Divine Might Heavenly Sage’s Mystical Power is very strong. I’m inferior.”

Han Jue and the Yin-Yang Purity Nirvana Deity

knew about the three Dao Creators watching the battle, but they didn’t care.

Since the Yin-Yang Purity Nirvana Deity dared

to challenge Han Jue, he was already prepared to fail.

As for Han Jue, he felt that he wouldn’t lose. The Yin-Yang Purity Nirvana Deity appeared again. He spread his arms, and black and white Qi surged out. Han Jue’s vision instantly turned black and white. When the black and white

became clear and various colors surged into his vision, he was pulled into the cycle of reincarnation.

The experiences of reincarnation appeared in front of him. He was like a spectator watching himself undergo reincarnation. Han Jue snorted. “Child’s play!”

With that, the cycle of reincarnation shattered

and his vision returned to a blank domain. The Yin-Yang Void Destruction Deity appeared in front of him. He held a bone staff in his left hand as he forcefully blocked the Ultimate Origin Soul Oblivion. He formed a seal with his

right hand. The square shape had the profundity of the Ultimate Origin Heaven Seal as it collided with Han Jue.

This time, the Yin-Yang Purity Nirvana Deity

succeeded.

Han Jue was struck by the mysterious seal. His soul suffered an impact and was forcefully forced out of his body.

Han Jue looked over. His body was a thousand

feet away. “What a domineering Mystical Power. Even I, a late-stage Dao Creator, can’t resist it.”

Han Jue thought in surprise.

However, this was the only thing impressive about it. Even if his soul and body were separated, the Yin-Yang Purity Nirvana Deity

could not withstand the Ultimate Origin Soul Oblivion.

The mysterious bone staff blocked the Ultimate

Origin Heaven Seal once and was scattered the second time.

Han Jue smiled as his soul shrank into his

body. The Yin-Yang Purity Nirvana Deity split into countless clones that covered a radius of billions of kilometers. There were countless of them, and they all attacked Han Jue.

Seven Divine Punishment Light Blades swept

back and forth, destroying one Yin-Yang Purity Nirvana Deity after another.

At this moment, a Yin-Yang Purity Nirvana

Deity in the distance raised his arms and shook the Dharmic powers in his body. He actually tore a hole in the blank domain. This hole was

black, and strange white lightning interwove within.

Spatial power!

This spatial crack was not torn apart by the

blank domain, but an alternate space had descended into it.

Han Jue saw the truth at a glance. He was about

to attack when the hole suddenly expanded and quickly devoured him.

Yin-Yang Purity Nirvana Deity and Han Jue fell into the endless spatial vortex at the same time. Yin-Yang Purity Nirvana Deity was still constantly attacking him. He still persevered even though he was destroyed by the Ultimate Origin Soul Oblivion countless times.

Han Jue relied on his Supreme Treasures and the Ultimate Origin Soul Oblivion and was not injured at all. On the other hand, the Yin-Yang Purity Nirvana Deity had already been destroyed tens of millions of times, but he was not affected because he was a Dao Creator. The surrounding space reversed and a spatial torrent appeared above Han Jue’s head. Billions of stars entered his eyes.

In an instant, Han Jue suddenly landed on a

piece of land. The galaxy hung upside down in

the sky and the ground under his feet was endlessly barren.

Yin-Yang Purity Nirvana Deity descended at the end of the horizon. With a wave of his sleeve, black and white Qi condensed into a terrifying beam of light that shot over. The mountains along the way shattered and the ground was severed.

A Divine Punishment Light Blade dispersed the black and white light. Yin-Yang Void Destruction Deity appeared above Han Jue’s

head.

Yin-Yang Purity Nirvana Deity raised his right hand. Countless stars of different sizes appeared in his palm. He threw them down. The stars suddenly expanded the moment his body was destroyed by the Ultimate Origin

Soul, as if countless real stars were raining down. Some were a hundred million times larger than the sun, dense and mighty. Han Jue looked up, and two sword Qi shot out

from his eyes. The sword Qi soared into the sky. In an instant, countless sword Qi interwove in this strange world, slicing the terrifying starry rain into dust.

The ground under Han Jue’s feet collapsed at

this moment. The soil and rocks dissipated like smoke. Endless magma appeared below. Scorching air rose and burned until space distorted and collapsed. A mysterious suction force pulled him down.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)