Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1107 Double Primordial Fiendcelestial

Seven powerful forces rushed over and descended on the Nine Extremes Orthodoxy with unstoppable force when the Primordial Chaos began to slaughter all living beings in the Chaos.

Less than a thousand years later, the Nine Extremes Orthodoxy launched a counterattack against the Primordial Chaos. The Nine Great Chaos killed the Primordial Army and stopped its attack.

The Nine Extremes Orthodoxy brought hope to the Chaos. More and more wandering living beings and the Chaotic factions crushed by the Primordial Chaos began to join them.

The Nine Extremes Orthodoxy seemed to have become the Chaos’ only hope.

The names of the Nine Great Chaos also began to spread. The legend of the Chaos fighting the Primordial Chaos appeared out of nowhere and spread throughout the chaotic void.

Han Jue and the Fusang Tree traveled the various worlds. Occasionally, they would encounter battles between the Chaos and Primordial Chaos, but they couldn’t hurt them. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

It had to be said that the current Primordial Chaos was too dangerous. There was actually a group of cultivators who wanted to kill the two of them. The outcome was naturally a horrible death.

On this day.

Han Jue and the Fusang Tree came to a world. This was the territory of the Dao Heavenly Race. It was like the Heavenly Dao Human Race. Even the architectural style of the cities was similar.

As expected of a race created by Pangu and the Dao Ancestor.

a system notification appeared in front of him

as Han Jue walked in the endless crowd.

[The main Dao Field has been successfully upgraded.]

[The second Dao Field has been successfully upgraded.]

[The third Dao Field has been successfully upgraded.]

[The Dao Field has been upgraded. The array formation has been upgraded to unlimited strength. It has expanded the internal space of the Dao Field.]

[The various Spirit Qi in the Dao Field have

increased by a thousand times.]

[The Dao Field can block all prying eyes.]

Unlimited strength?

In other words, even a Creator Lord couldn’t

barge into the Dao Field.

The current Dao Field had already become the most stable place in the blank domain.

Although the system and Han Jue

complemented each other, the system existed

for an extremely long time. The energy accumulated would naturally exceed his

realm.

Han Jue didn’t care too much and continued forward.

The endless Dao Heavenly Race was completely unaffected by the flames of war.

The cultivation levels of the people here were all very high. They were born in the Immortal Realm. Just in this city, Han Jue discovered hundreds of Primordial Chaos Sages.

The Fusang Tree was also very interested in the Dao Heavenly Race. She had not noticed that such a human-like race had actually appeared in the Chaos. It was too impressive.

Perhaps because she was born on the Cultivate Diligently Become Immortal Mountain, she had a naturally favorable impression of the humans.

At this moment, great pressure descended, causing everyone on the street to stop and

look up.

No one panicked. They only looked up calmly, already used to it.

“Dao Heavenly Race, listen up. Prepare yourselves in a year. Next year, we will go to

the Chaotic Nine Extremes Orthodoxy. Everyone, be it men or women, old or young,

fight!”

This was Hong Jun’s voice.

The Dao Heavenly Race did not panic. Instead,

most of them revealed excited and expectant expressions.

Han Jue could already see where the Dao Ancestor’s true body was.

This fellow split his soul into billions of parts.

Hong Jun was one of them. His main soul hid in the blank domain and relied on a Karma

Dharma treasure. This Karma Dharma treasure was an Ultimate Dao Treasure. Ordinary Dao Creators couldn’t deduce him.

In the past, Han Jue still treated the Dao Ancestor as a potential threat. Now, he no longer cared, so he couldn’t be bothered.

“Master, should we go take a look?” the Fusang Tree asked expectantly. The Nine Extremes Orthodoxy was like the sun in the sky. The Dao Heavenly Race actually dared to attack them. This battle would definitely be explosive.

Han Jue smiled. “Sure.”

He also wanted to see the Nine Chaos’

strength.

“You can follow the Dao Heavenly Race. I have something to do and have to leave. See you on the battlefield.”

With that, Han Jue disappeared. The Fusang Tree hurriedly searched for his

aura, but she couldn’t find him no matter what. Helpless, she could only listen to his arrangements.

Ancient Primordial World.

Primordial Origin was still meditating and

absorbing the Primordial Power of this world.

“Your cultivation is not bad. You’re indeed worthy of the name of the Primordial Fiendcelestial.”

A voice sounded, startling Primordial Origin.

He immediately became vigilant when he saw who it was.

“You are…”

Primordial Origin frowned. Han Jue’s

cultivation realm was high. Other than

familiar people, even if others saw him, they would subconsciously forget him.

Huang Zuntian was very capable. Even if he was possessed by Primordial Origin, he still sealed his memories of Han Jue, causing

Primordial Origin to not know his relationship with him.

Han Jue raised his hand and waved, directly

stripping Huang Zuntian from Primordial

Origin’s body. Primordial Origin’s body instantly began to collapse. His flesh and blood collapsed like mud, startling him so much that he hurriedly

cast a spell and forcefully recovered his body. However, without Huang Zuntian’s soul, he could not control this Primordial Fiendcelestial’s body. Huang Zuntian was also stunned when he

opened his eyes and saw Han Jue. He thought that he was under an illusion. At this moment, Primordial Origin’s body suddenly stabilized. The discomfort

disappeared. His body split into two, one fused with Huang Zuntian.

Han Jue asked, “Huang Zuntian, do you want

to kill him?”

Huang Zuntian came back to his senses and

looked at his hands in disbelief, his heart

filled with shock. Impossible! What kind of method was this?

What was Master’s cultivation level?

He asked carefully, “Why do you want me to choose?”

Han Jue smiled. “Don’t worry. It’s really me. We don’t need the secret signal anymore. Now, I’ll kill him as long as you want him to die.”

Huang Zuntian took a deep breath and tried his best to calm down.

He said, “What if I don’t want him to die?”

Previously, the reason why he wanted to kill

had

Primordial Origin was that the threat was too great. But now, it seemed that the threat already disappeared because of Han Jue. “From now on, you will all be Primordial Fiendcelestials. Your bodies are equivalent to twin brothers,” Han Jue replied. Huang Zuntian looked at Primordial Origin.

At this moment, this fellow’s face was filled with fear, shock, despair, and other complicated expressions. Primordial Origin thought that even if he was not the strongest, he was still the top existence. However, he was filled with helplessness facing Han Jue. He didn’t even

know what this fellow had done just now. It was too unbelievable to turn the Primordial Fiendcelestial’s body into two, right? Didn’t that mean that he could use Huang

Zuntian’s body to create countless Primordial

Fiendcelestials?

The more Primordial Origin thought about it, the more afraid he became. Why was there such an existence?

Han Jue looked at Primordial Origin and said,

“Han Huang is my son. You wanted to evolve into a Primordial Fiendcelestial and failed. It’s not because of him, but because of me. The Chaos only allows one Primordial Fiendcelestial. My son was also nurtured in

his mother’s womb for millions of years because of my existence.” Primordial Origin’s eyes widened. Huang Zuntian was the same.

This matter was too shocking.

Didn’t the Chaos recognize the Divine Might Heavenly Sage as a Chaotic Fiendcelestial? “The Endless Era is about to arrive. The old

rules will eventually die. There will be more than one Primordial Chaos in the future,’ Han Jue said slowly. The reason why he saved Primordial Origin was that he felt that he was too similar to him.

Primordial Origin silently wanted to become a Primordial Fiendcelestial. He was too patient. Of course, Han Jue would always pay attention to him. He would get rid of him if he

became a threat.

From the looks of it, it was almost impossible. The Primordial Fiendcelestial and the Ultimate Origin Fiendcelestial were far too different in strength.