Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1113 Killing the Enemy in the Dream, Appearing Like a Ghost

“Since I’ve chosen this path, I can only walk it to the end.”

The Formless Transcendent Deity thought silently. He had no choice now. The risk of joining the Dark Forbidden Lord was too great. Even if the Dark Forbidden Lord accepted him, he would not be able to obtain much in the future.

It was too late to take sides now!

Furthermore, the Dark Forbidden Lord might not have a chance of winning!

After thinking, the Formless Transcendent Deity fell into a deep sleep again. Just as Han Jue said, he waited for the calamity to change.

Han Jue didn’t encounter any more trouble after darkness descended. Primordial Despair also didn’t encounter any more prey. It became anxious and uneasy. It often roared, adding to the darkness.

Han Jue sat on his grandson’s head and read the emails.

Ever since the appearance of the Dark Forbidden Lord, the activity in his circle of friends had become more and more frequent, but there were fewer battles.

It still required time for the Primordial Chaos and Chaos to join forces.

Han Jue could wait.

The news of the Dark Forbidden Lord defeating Han Huang and the Nine Great Chaos quickly spread in the Chaos. This matter could not be hidden. Only by being honest could the two sides let go of their hatred. The stronger the Dark Forbidden Lord was, the greater the hope of the Primordial Chaos and the Chaos working together.

In the Primordial Hall.

Han Huang flew into a rage out of humiliation and cursed everyone.

However, no one was angry. They continued to persuade him patiently.

Han Huang actually wanted to challenge the Dark Forbidden Lord alone.

Under Li Daokong’s instructions, Dao Sovereign had already gone to find the Nine Extremes Orthodoxy. Han Huang was very angry about this, but he only flew into a rage and did not stop him. His fellow disciples understood that he was not angry, he just needed to vent.

Han Huang indeed needed to vent.

Anyone would collapse when facing the Dark Forbidden Lord.

After venting for a while, Han Huang sat down and said dispiritedly, “In that case, let’s join forces. I’m prepared to enter seclusion. I’ll leave the matter of the Primordial Chaos to you. As for Primordial Despair… Ignore it for now to prevent more casualties.”

Everyone nodded in agreement, but they did not notice the panic in Han Huang’s eyes.

That’s right, panic.

This was the first time Han Huang had such an emotion.

Only he knew that Primordial Despair was not a slaughtering ferocious beast at all. He was the son he had created. However, he had sealed Primordial Despair’s intelligence so that it could fully perform its duty.

How many mighty figures’ main bodies also looked like ferocious beasts? They were terrifying. It was just that they had

transformed and looked sage-like.

Han Huang was frustrated and immediately

disappeared from the hall.

The personal disciples of the Hidden Sect

began to do their own things.

Thousands of years later.

The Primordial Chaos and Chaos started working together, and all Dark Forbidden Lord believers gathered and formed a Darkness Sect that was not inferior to the

Nine Extremes Orthodoxy.

At this moment, the various factions realized

that the Dark Forbidden Lord had not appeared out of nowhere, but had long been

plotting.

Under their noses, the Dark Forbidden Lord’s influence was actually so great.

The mighty Darkness Sect began to search for the Dark Forbidden Lord. No matter which faction dared to stop him, they would be

attacked by them. They actually had several Great Dao Supremes but few Great Dao Sages. The disciples were mostly in the Freedom and Primordial Chaos Realms.

Primordial Despair’s ferocious aura was extremely powerful, so it was not troublesome for the Darkness Sect to find the

Dark Forbidden Lord.

Shi Dudao and Jing Tiangong became the

Darkness Sect’s leaders. With Life as the pillar, the internal rules of the Darkness Sect quickly formed. Shi Dudao didn’t dare toFindd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

rashly disturb Han Jue, so he gathered first. When they were close to Primordial Despair,

Shi Dudao and Jing Tiangong rushed over alone. Looking at the terrifying Primordial Despair,

they were very nervous, afraid that without

the Dark Forbidden Lord, they would be swallowed by the monster.

Probably not.

The Dark Forbidden Lord would definitely not

abandon them!

The two of them mustered their courage and flew over. Primordial Despair immediately became excited when he saw them.

Just as Primordial Despair was about to eat

the two of them, Han Jue pulled them in front

of him, causing them to disappear from Primordial Despair’s eyes. From the beginning to the end, Primordial Despair didn’t sense Han Jue at all. He set up

a barrier above its head, preventing it from

seeing them. ‘Greetings, Forbidden Lord!”

The two of them knelt in front of Han Jue and bowed respectfully.

They were extremely excited.

After hundreds of millions of years, they

could finally talk to the Dark Forbidden Lord

face to face. It was not a dream or a fantasy.

Han Jue was also very glad to see them. Their loyalty made him feel incredulous. Han Jue said, “I’ve always seen your efforts. Today, I’ll preach the Dao to you first. I hope that you can satisfy me in this Great Dao Immeasurable Calamity.”

Without another word, he made them enter a state of Dao comprehension. Their thoughts were pulled into the illusion where the Dark

Forbidden Lord preached the Dao to them alone.

Han Jue looked at the Darkness Sect in the

distance. It was mighty. Although it was a mob in his eyes, such a force could indeed stir up trouble in the Chaos.

Darkness had descended for so long, but the Chaos and Primordial Chaos still didn’t do anything. Han Jue was a little impatient. In that case, the Darkness Sect would push it!

Han Jue sent a dream to all the members of the Darkness Sect and taught them the Mystical Power to kill enemies in their

dreams, including Shi Dudao and Jing Tiangong.

He wanted to bring true despair to the Chaos

and make all living beings lose the last pure land of dreams.

Five thousand years later.

Shi Dudao and Jing Tiangong left with the

Darkness Sect. They were not suitable to stay beside Primordial Despair.

Soon, the Darkness Sect began to appear in every corner of the Chaos. They frantically visited the enemy in their dreams. Every time

they did so, they would be teleported in front of them, causing the Darkness Sect to be scattered everywhere. When someone wanted to kill them, they could also use this Mystical

Power to teleport in front of other enemies and become unfathomable.

The Chaos fell into panic again. Zhao Shuangquan realized that he couldn’t wait any longer. He brought the eight Chaos

to visit Han Huang.

At this moment, Han Huang was meeting two

people who called themselves the Primordial Fiendcelestial.

They were Primordial Origin and Huang Zuntian.

The two of them wanted to continue waiting,

but when they saw the Dark Forbidden Lord

appear, they had no choice but to enter the

calamity early.

The Dark Forbidden Lord was too strong. Han Huang was not his match at all. Huang Zuntian and Primordial Origin naturally had

to appear. Han Huang frowned. After hearing Primordial Origin introduce his background, killing intent flashed across his eyes. Previously, Primordial Origin had sent him a dream and said that he wanted to fight a final

battle. He did not expect creation to make a

fool of him. The two of them actually wanted

to join forces.

“I believe you’re a Primordial Fiendcelestial, but what about Huang Zuntian? How did you become a Primordial Fiendcelestial?”

Han Huang’s sharp gaze landed on Huang Zuntian.

He could sense the aura of his own kind. This

was an unprecedented feeling. He was both excited and conflicted.

Huang Zuntian said, “Of course, it’s thanks to Primordial Origin. He used my body to survive

previously. Now, he naturally has to repay

me.”

Han Huang looked at Primordial Origin again

and asked, “You can create another Primordial Fiendcelestial?” Primordial Origin saw through his thoughts.

“No, Huang Zuntian was only lucky. The Chaos can’t withstand so many Primordial Fiendcelestials. We can exist because of the Great Dao Immeasurable Calamity. Let’s join forces and destroy the Dark Forbidden Lord together to create an Endless Era. At that

time, there will be more than one Primordial Fiendcelestial. We won’t be the only Primordial Fiendcelestials. Perhaps the Primordial Fiendcelestial Race will be born

because of this.”