Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1119 Power from Space-Time!

The Chaotic Consciousness, the Formless Transcendent Deity, Shi Tian’s Immeasurable Destruction Venerable, and the Yin-Yang Purity Nirvana Destruction Deity were no threat to Han Jue at all. His opponent was still mainly the Ninth Chaos.

It had to be said that the Ninth Chaos was indeed very strong. It was much stronger than the Yin-Yang Purity Nirvana Deity.

After suppressing his cultivation realm, Han Jue’s Dharmic powers were actually still higher than the Dao Creator. Even so, he couldn’t easily suppress the Ninth Chaos.

The Ninth Chaos itself was considered top-notch. At least, all the living beings in the Chaos could not compare to him. Even the Chaos was created by him.

Han Jue didn’t use the Mystical Power exclusive to the Divine Might Heavenly Sage. He only used the rules to fight. It was the same for the Ninth Chaos.

To them, Mystical Powers were only for show. The true core was the rules themselves.

Han Jue suddenly stopped. His body shook and he broke through the spatial turbulence of the Yin-Yang Purity Nirvana Deity. Seven Supreme Rules condensed into seven dragons of different postures that coiled around his body.

There were nine Supreme Rules in the Ultimate Origin World, but he only used seven in order not to expose his identity.

There were seven Dao Creators!

Seven was enough to deal with the Ninth Chaos!

The Ninth Chaos raised his hand and grabbed at the void. He actually extracted the seven Supreme Rules around Han Jue and squeezed them into his palm. Then, he struck out. A terrifying pressure overturned the other four Dao Creators.

Han Jue appeared behind the Ninth Chaos and turned into darkness to devour it.

In an instant, Han Jue pulled the Ninth Chaos into an endless dream and experienced billions of lifetimes. When the Ninth Chaos broke through the dark dream, the other four Dao Creators had just stabilized themselves. Han Jue fought very happily. The Ninth Chaos didn’t disappoint him.

According to his estimation, he, who was at the perfected Dao Creator Realm, needed 1% of a breath of time to kill the Ninth Chaos. If it was the Yin-Yang Purity Nirvana Deity, he could insta-kill him ten million times.

Of course, this was only killing, not

destroying.

The Dao Creator could revive infinitely. Victory and defeat were never decided by life

and death.

Seeing the Ninth Chaos being killed by Han Jue one after another, the four Dao Creators were shocked.

So the Dark Forbidden Lord had really

surpassed the Ninth Chaos!

They couldn’t care less. They had to continue fighting even if they had to stall for time!

Perhaps when the living beings of the Chaos defeated the Primordial Despair, the Endless Era would arrive. The Ninth Chaos would take the opportunity to break through and surpass the Dark Forbidden Lord!

Han Jue could naturally think of their plan.

Unfortunately!

This plan was wrong. The Endless Era could only be led by the Creator Lord!

…

In the depths of the chaos.

The violent Primordial Despair began to

rampage in the Chaos. Countless figures followed closely behind it. Countless Mystical

Powers and Great Dao smashed into it, but

they couldn’t slow it down.

Along the way, Primordial Despair had devoured countless worlds and living beings. Its size had already increased by a hundred times compared to the beginning of the battle. The entire Heavenly Dao was only the

size of its eye.

Boom-

Han Huang collided with Primordial Despair

and hugged its mouth with both hands to prevent it from opening it.

At this moment, Han Huang, who had transformed into the Primordial Fiendcelestial, was also peerlessly majestic. Only he dared to act recklessly. Primordial Despair clearly remembered him and was

unwilling to hurt him.

Primordial Despair’s eighteen eyes landed on Han Huang, revealing a puzzled expression.

Han Huang was stunned when he saw its

gaze. Primordial Despair suddenly shook his head and sent Han Huang flying after being stunned for a moment.

Primordial Despair’s intelligence was still too

low. It was now instinctively excited. In its eyes, this was a gluttonous feast.

Han Huang stopped and looked at Primordial Despair with a complicated expression.

Speaking of which, Primordial Despair was only following the orders he had arranged and did not betray him. However, its stance on

this matter had changed, but it did not understand.

A sword light that illuminated the heavens descended, wanting to cut Primordial Despair into two. However, the light of negative karma shot out from one of Primordial Despair’s eyes and easily destroyed it.

Li Daokong frowned, his eyes filled with anger. He thought highly of himself, but this battle VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

had been fought for a long time. All his attacks had failed.

At this moment, a voice sounded, “Li Daokong, we have a way!”

Li Daokong turned around and saw that Dao Sovereign and the other two who had been sent into the spatial turbulence by the Dark Forbidden Lord had returned. “What way?”

Li Daokong frowned. Dao Sovereign sent him

a voice transmission, causing his expression

to change drastically.

He did not answer immediately. Instead, he fell into a dilemma, his expression changing.

Jiang Yi asked impatiently, “How is it? Have you decided?”

The battle was still ongoing. There was not so much time for them to be conflicted. Li Daokong looked at Primordial Despair. The Nine Great Chaos were once again reduced to

ashes by Primordial Despair’s long tongue. “Alright, I agree!”

Li Daokong gritted his teeth. Dao Sovereign

nodded. Then, the four of them gathered and meditated facing each other.

They began to cast spells to place a formation.

Their auras reached a unified state. No one was stronger or weaker.

The battlefield was chaotic. Some were fighting, some were recuperating, and some were afraid, so no one cared about them.

The main group of the Chaos and Primordial Chaos had been closely following Primordial Despair. In the distance, the cultivators of the various factions were scattering the various worlds along the way. Many mortals could not

react in time and were taken away by their Dharma treasures. This was an unprecedented calamity that targeted all living beings indiscriminately.

At this moment, no matter which corner, no

matter how low a mortal was, they would terrified as long as they had intelligence. All sorts of civilizations were suffering the

be

despair of the Dark Forbidden Lord’s dream. Technology civilization, Slave civilization, Cultivation civilization, Alternate Deity civilization, High Martial civilization, and so

on became extremely weak in this calamity. Han Ling blocked in front of Primordial Despair. Countless Emperor Soldiers flew out from the endless divine light behind her. Primordial Despair’s eyes landed on her. He suddenly stopped just as he stuck out his

tongue.

Primordial Despair was stunned for a moment before looking at the other living beings. He waved his tongue and swept away several

Great Dao Sages. Han Ling frowned under her mask. She

sensed that something was wrong. This was not the first time. Primordial Despair almost hurt her a few times but stopped in time.

Why was that?

Could it be that he had a portion of Han Huang’s will?

No one knew how Han Huang created Primordial Despair, and he was unwilling to

say.

Boom-

A terrifying pressure came, startling all the

living beings. Even Primordial Despair stopped and slowly turned around. Dao Sovereign, Zhao Xuanyuan, Jiang Yi, and Li Daokong meditated facing each other. bodies emitted a strong light, forming a huge pillar that connected the Supreme Rules. The pillar of light was like a crack in the door that

was slowly opening.

Their

A terrifying figure appeared in the pillar of light.

“What’s that?”

Ji Xianshen was surprised. He felt the power of space and time.

He suddenly thought of something and his expression changed drastically.

Could it be that fellow?

How did he find Dao Sovereign and the other three?

Ji Xianshen was puzzled. “How lively. I still caught up to this battle

that established the Endless Era.”

A cold voice sounded with a hint of madness.