Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1158 Mysterious Stone Statue

“Sigh, this kid has been disobedient since he was young. He relied on my doting on his mother to act recklessly. Help me deal with him.”

Han Yunjin sighed with a worried expression. He had once been worried that Han Liang would become a scourge. He did not expect him to turn out fine. Instead, his other son with mediocre potential had become a scourge of the Heavenly Dao.

Han Yu shook his head. “It’s not easy to deal with. Furthermore, he will definitely guess that it was you if I make a move.”

Han Yunjin sighed again.

!!

Han Yu smiled and said, “Why don’t we send him to the three ancestors? They definitely have a way to discipline him.”

The three ancestors were naturally Han Tuo, Han Huang, and Han Ling. They were already top mighty figures, the strongest existences below the Dao Creator Realm. They each had their own forces and were stronger than the Heavenly Dao.

Han Yunjin said in distress, “I’m just afraid that this kid will learn true skills and become even more lawless in the future.”

Han Yu shook his head and stopped trying to persuade him.

He did not want to participate in Han Yunjin’s family matters.

Now that time was peaceful, Han Yu only wanted to comprehend his Great Dao and not torture himself.

Han Yunjin quickly stood up to leave.

Han Yu smiled. At this moment, a figure appeared beside him.

It was Qin Ling, Han Yu’s grand-disciple.

This former Heavenly Dao soul, Primordial World Overlord Body, Ancestral Dragon providence, Son of the Immeasurable Calamity, and Son of Heaven and Earth, was also a mighty figure above all living beings now. However, he was still far inferior to Han Huang and the others.

Qin Ling sat in front of him and said, “The situation isn’t good. Master disappeared into the Chaos and might have died. Heavenly Calamity Emperor has already sent someone to investigate.”

Qin Ling’s master, Tian Yong, was Han Yu’s disciple and also the son of Heavenly Calamity Emperor. He had once brought the Calamity Race to invade the Heavenly Dao and was subdued by Han Jue with the Primordial Heavenly Prison.

Tian Yong and Qin Ling were only master and disciple. Qin Ling had always been personally taught by Han Yu.

Han Yu frowned. “That unfilial disciple died?”

His expression darkened after he pinched his fingers to deduce.

Although his relationship with Tian Yong was very thin, they were still master and disciple.

He stood up and said, “Let’s go to the Chaos together. It’s said that the Dao Heavenly Race is extremely domineering. I want to see how domineering they are.”

Qin Ling nodded and stood up. His eyes

flickered coldly.

He was bored and had a chance to stretch.

How could he miss it?

…

Time passed like a dream. Those who died

only left traces in history, as if they had never

existed.

Fifty million years passed.

Han Jue opened his eyes. He stretched and

looked at the blank domain.

He first paid attention to the Dao Ancestor’s Chaos. The Dao Heavenly Race was already

gone.

The greatest thing that had happened in the past fifty million years was the destruction of the Dao Heavenly Race. Because they were too powerful, they had offended too many factions and attracted siege. At first, they could still forcefully hold on by relying on their defensive advantage. Later, the Dao Ancestor severed their providence, and the Dao Heavenly Race walked towards their end. It was worth mentioning that in the end, the Dao Heavenly Race actually sacrificed their entire race and created the most talented Dao Heavenly Being. Then, he was thrown into the cycle of reincarnation. Even the Dao Ancestor couldn’t stop them.

Although the Dao Heavenly Race was destroyed, it did not mean that they would

not make a comeback.

Many mighty figures were teasing the Dao

Ancestor. They said that he had personally destroyed the race he had created and left

behind a source of trouble. It was truly unwise.

Another voice also said that as long as the Dao

Ancestor became a Dao Creator, the root of the trouble was nothing.

Han Jue noticed that Han Yu’s disciple, Tian

Yong, had also died at the hands of the Dao Heavenly Race. Among the forces surrounding the Dao Heavenly Race were the Calamity Race, Han Yu, and Qin Ling.

Apart from the Dao Ancestor’s abandonment,

the extinction of the Dao Heavenly Race was also because they were arrogant and had outstanding potential. They looked down on

the other races, forming a huge amount of hatred over the long years.

Han Jue didn’t pay special attention to Tian

Yong and couldn’t be bothered to revive him. The Hidden Sect had countless disciples. It was the same for his descendants. People just died as time passed.

After purging the Dao Heavenly Race, countless races began to appear in the Chaos. It could be said that hundreds of flowers

bloomed at once. The rules also became more and more perfected. At this rate, it was only a matter of time before the Dao Ancestor condensed a second Supreme Rule. Apart from the Dao Ancestor, in the other

Chaos beside him, Pangu also condensed his first Supreme Rule.

Han Jue checked it and discovered that in the

entire blank domain, five Great Dao Supremes

had already condensed at least one Supreme Rule. They were Han Huang, the Dao Ancestor, Pangu, the Primordial Ancestor God, and the Holy Mother of Order. The Holy Mother of Order surprised him.

She had lived for countless years and was as ancient as the Primordial Ancestor God. She was one of the first living beings created by the Eighth Chaos. Her potential might not be top-notch, but her experience was definitely

SO.

This was also a good thing. In any case, the Holy Mother of Order was Han Jue’s servant. Her favorability was maxed out and he was

not afraid of betrayal.

At first glance, Han Jue’s power was not dominant. In fact, he still occupied half of the territory. He wanted to manage this atmosphere. Something else was worthy of Han Jue’s

attention. That was that the future Dao Creator, Heavenly Venerate Xun, who had descended in the Great Dao Immeasurable Calamity, had already been born. He had

caused many troubles in the Heavenly Dao. Now, he was training with Han Tuo and Yi Tian. This kid was still far from becoming a Dao Creator. He wasn’t a threat for the time being.

Han Jue retracted his gaze and started to check his emails.

The emails were also exciting, and he read them quietly.

Han Jue didn’t resume cultivation immediately after reading the emails. Instead, he checked the Divine Authority System. The Divine Authority System already had a

new master. This person was now a Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal and stood out in a small world in the Dao Mystic Realm.

It had to be said that it was really fate. Through the cycle of reincarnation, the Divine

Authority System actually went to the Dao Mystic Realm.

Perhaps the Divine Authority System’s master

would bump into Chu Xiaoqi and Chen Jue in the future.

Han Jue deliberately didn’t look at this Zenith

Heaven Golden Immortal’s future. That would be boring.

He closed his eyes and continued cultivating.

Ultimate Origin World.

Dugu Wu walked in the void, his body

surrounded by the seven-colored power of rules. He stared ahead. Dugu Wu welcomed unprecedented relaxation ever since he was accepted by the Ultimate Origin World. He was extremely glad that he had met Han Jue. Otherwise, he might still be

wasting his time fighting with the Great Dao Fiendcelestials and the Nether Race, with both sides unable to cultivate in peace. “It’s just ahead. I didn’t expect the Ultimate

Origin World to have such a place,” Dugu Wu muttered to himself. He saw a majestic figure at the end of the dark void. It was faintly discernible, and its true body was difficult to estimate.

He approached and saw this mighty figure clearly.

It was not a living spirit, but a stone statue.

Its posture was filled with hostility, looking

like it was roaring at the sky.

Even the experienced Dugu Wu was shocked. What race was this?

He raised his right hand and pressed it on the surface of the stone statue. A towering hostility surged towards him and drowned

him.

After a long while…

Dugu Wu suddenly woke up and gasped. He immediately retreated from the stone statue. Just now, he felt that his soul was about to be

devoured.

Impossible!

He was a Great Dao Supreme!

Could it be that this stone statue was the legendary Dao Creator?

That’s not right. Why was there a Dao Creator Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

in the Ultimate Origin World? Could it be

related to his master?