Cuteness Unleashed
0:00 / 1:07

Chapter 1182 Giving Divine Authority

[Your disciple Ji Xianshen has comprehended the Origin Space-time and created a

Space-time Avatar.]

[Your daughter Han Ling has received guidance from a transcendent existence. Her cultivation has increased.]

[Your grandson Han Liang received guidance from a transcendent existence and created the third Supreme Rule. His cultivation has increased greatly.]

[Your good friend Ultimate God of Punishment was attacked by your enemy, the Primordial Ancestor God.]

[Your good friend Li Daokong has refined his soul into the Sword Dao and fused with the Great Dao World to become an Eternal Deity.] [Your descendant Han Ye established the Killing Prison. His providence has decreased.] [Your good friend, the Holy Mother of Order, has stepped into the Eternal World. Karma has changed.]

[Your good friend Ninth Chaos has

comprehended the blank domain and a trace of the basic rules.]

…

The emails over the years had become high-end. They were no longer just alerts about attacks. Especially after Dao Sovereign and the other two entered the Ultimate Origin World, it was very difficult to see a series of attacks.

Han Jue was like an emperor approving the rules. He read them one by one and commented on these good friends in his heart.

These comments were only hidden in his heart. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

After reading the emails, he suddenly had an idea.

Should he support a few gods, just like how the Ninth Chaos established the Chaotic Deities?

Sure, let’s have some fun.

Han Jue immediately sent a voice transmission

to Han Ling and Li Daokong.

The two of them were moved into the Daoist temple by him and hurriedly knelt down.

“Greetings, Father.”

“Greetings, Lord.”

Han Ling was fine, but Li Daokong was a little excited. He had not seen Han Jue’s main body for billions of years and was naturally looking forward to it.

Han Jue wouldn’t call for him for no reason.

After sizing up the two of them for a while, Han Jue chuckled and said, “I plan to give you the Divine Authority and make you gods of the Endless Era. Ling’er, you are in charge of supervising the order. Li Daokong, you focus on killing. You will be the endless gods in the future.”

With that, divine light emitted from the two of them. They were pleasantly surprised to sense the power in their bodies.

This power…

It was indescribable, but it was abnormally powerful. It even made them feel that they could do everything.

Han Ling was the most shocked. She was

already on the path of pursuing the Dao Creator Realm and thought that she was not far from it, but the Divine Authority her father had casually given her was actually so powerful. The two of them looked at Han Jue excitedly. He waved his hand and sent them out.

He didn’t tell all living beings directly about their Divine Authority and let them prove it themselves.

Even a Dao Creator couldn’t do anything to them after they obtained Han Jue’s power. Although they were not Dao Creators, they were also existences comparable to them. This was the strongest thing about the Creator

Lord. Not only was he stronger than a Dao Creator, but he could also control the Divine Authority and set the rules.

In front of the Creator Lord, everything could be defined and overturned.

Han Jue was very satisfied with his sudden impulse. The Endless Era would become more

interesting.

The current Endless Era was too stubborn. Even the Great Dao Sages could see who could

become a Dao Creator. It was very difficult for those existences standing at the top to die. A class had already formed, and it was an absolute one.

The Endless Era would become more active if

someone could break through this settlement.

Of course, he could also not do anything.

It depended on his thoughts.

The meaning of survival of an invincible person depended on himself. What he wanted was to be the variable of all existence.

No one could guess what the Lord was thinking. Everything was only meaningful when no one knew how strong the Lord was.

Just like how to mortals, there were unpredictable situations in the world. Only when the path of life was filled with variables

was it worth taking a trip. Different lives

gathered into a world and formed civilization and consciousness.

Han Jue’s height meant that he had the ability

to fill everything with variables. The possibility of being abandoned by him was cruel, but how could the one he created not have any merit?

Han Jue looked at the Divine Authority System he had thrown on the mortal world.

The Divine Authority System had changed

more than a hundred thousand masters over billions of years. The current master had finally reached the Great Dao Sage Realm.

This person’s name was Xu Qiudao. He was born to seek the Dao and was simply another Han Jue. He had very little karma and hid when he encountered trouble. Everything focused on him. He didn’t even have a Dao Companion.

Xu Qiudao was currently in the Primordial Chaos. The three Primordial Fiendcelestials never dreamed that the opportunity they had once pursued had already arrived in their Great

Dao World.

They rarely showed themselves after they

became Dao Creators, so they didn’t discover Xu Qiudao at all.

Many people of the Primordial Chaos could

become Great Dao Supremes in the future, so it was impossible for them to pay attention to every Great Dao Supreme. As for the future Dao

Creator, they could not deduce it. They could only deduce that the future Dao Creator had grown to the stage of Great Dao Supreme. What was the difference between this and other Great Dao Supremes?

“Xu Qiudao, Xu Qiudao, then I’ll let you be this

sword. You can split apart everything that has solidified and bring variables to the Endless Era,” Han Jue muttered to himself. He took out the Dominator Brush and waved it gently. At the same time.

Primordial Chaos, a great world, an Immortal

World.

Xu Qiudao, who was in seclusion in the Daoist

temple, suddenly sensed something and opened his eyes.

He looked at his hands and said excitedly, “I understand! I understand!”

He asked in a low voice, “System, have I already created a cultivation technique that can reach the Great Dao Supreme Realm?”

[A million years of lifespan will be deducted.

Do you want to continue?] Xu Qiudao immediately chose to continue as he

looked at the line of words in front of him.

[Yes]

Xu Qiudao was even more excited. He had indeed not misjudged himself. He was still a genius even without the Divine Authority System’s help.

Of course, it was better to have it than not! Xu Qiudao calmed down and started cultivating according to the new cultivation technique. Boom-

A terrifying aura erupted and directly rushed to

the top of the Daoist temple, shattering the sky of the Immortal World. The void appeared in the sky, like the abyssal mouth of a Primordial Beast wanting to devour the world. Xu Qiudao was moved and knew that something was wrong.

This cultivation technique was too domineering. It would definitely attract the covetous eyes of many mighty figures!

Xu Qiudao immediately fled, not even bothering to cultivate anymore.

Just as he left, a few figures appeared in the

air, including Chu Xiaoqi.

Chu Xiaoqi glanced in a direction. He could see

Xu Qiudao traveling through space and time,

but he did not chase after him.

“So afraid? This child is really interesting.” Chu Xiaoqi counted with his fingers and knew

that Xu Qiudao had met with a fortuitous encounter. He had encountered such a situation before, but what made him not know

whether to laugh or cry was that Xu Qiudao was afraid of being discovered. Didn’t he know that the Primordial Chaos would treat geniuses well?

Chu Xiaoqi did not remind him. He wanted to

see how long Xu Qiudao could last in fear.

…

In the Daoist temple.

Han Jue watched Xu Qiudao escape and smiled.

Not bad, it was very similar to his youth. Unfortunately, Xu Qiudao didn’t have a Dao

Field. Otherwise, he could be more stable than him.

Han Jue looked forward to Xu Qiudao’s performance even more now. He wasn’t worried that Xu Qiudao would threaten him. The Divine Authority System was not formed by his system at all. It was only a Great Dao

Providence Divine Authority in the Ultimate Origin World. How could the Great Dao Providence Divine Authority devour the Lord of the Great Dao World?