Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 228 Eastern Wu Divine World, Sun Quan

The White-Robed Buddha entered the Scarlet Cloud World. He didn’t immediately head to the Cultivate Diligently Become Immortal Mountain but wandered around the mortal world.

Since he wasn’t in a hurry, Han Jue wasn’t either.

He could kill him instantly, anyway.

He continued to cultivate.

The White-Robed Buddha really began to promote his cultivation technique.

However…

This fellow did not promote Buddhist techniques, but Dao techniques instead.

Han Jue saw his actions through the Heavenly Dao Token while cultivating and couldn’t help but be speechless.

What a traitor!

Han Jue found it funny.

“Could it be that he doesn’t want to find the Supreme Buddha and is just delaying time? After all, he’s a spy from the Dao Sect’s Chan School.”

Han Jue was enlightened. This made sense. Was the White-Robed Buddha not afraid of being deduced by the Heavenly Dao Buddha?

Han Jue couldn’t figure it out and could only continue to watch.

In the blink of an eye.

Twenty years passed. The Dao techniques of Chan School began to flourish in the Scarlet Cloud World. Many sects of the Chan School appeared in the various states. Although they didn’t cause a stir in the cultivation world, Han Jue could see the White-Robed Buddha’s arrangements through the Heavenly Dao Token.

Han Jue didn’t mind. There were all sorts of sects in the cultivation world. So what if there was one more Chan School?

It was fine as long as it didn’t affect him.

On this day.

The White-Robed Buddha came to the Cultivate Diligently Become Immortal Mountain and wanted to visit the people on the mountain.

Unfortunately, no matter how he shouted, no one responded.

The White-Robed Buddha frowned.

A disciple of the Jade Pure Sacred Sect kneeling in front of the stone tablet said, “Stop shouting. This is an immortal mountain. How can you go up as you wish?”

The other kneeling disciples mocked.

The White-Robed Buddha shook his head and laughed. A group of mortals was truly ridiculous.

He flashed to the Fusang Tree.

Everyone under the tree immediately opened their eyes.

Long Hao stood up and asked in a low voice, “What are you doing?” The Black Hell Chicken, the Three-Headed Wyrm King, Tu Ling’er, Zhou Mingyue, Xun Chang’an, Chu Shiren, and the two Golden Crows opened their eyes.

The White-Robed Buddha scanned the area and was shocked.

“Golden Crow… Ancient Spiritual Ginseng… Supreme Buddha… Heavenly Emperor aura… and that Demon Saint…”

He was truly shocked.

What the hell was this place? Why were there so many providence bearers gathered?

He knew the Ancient Spiritual Ginseng and had interacted with it before.

Long Hao’s Heavenly Emperor aura was too strong. He also looked like the Heavenly Emperor.

White-Robed Buddha’s heart sank.

No wonder the Heavenly Dao Buddha had given him the Tathagata Buddha Staff.

“White-Robed Buddha, why are you here?”. Xun Chang’an asked solemnly.

Back in the Buddhist Sect, he was only a pet, or even a slave. In the past, he had to look up to the White-Robed Buddha.

The White-Robed Buddha smiled. “I’m here to fetch Buddha.”

Buddha?

Xun Chang’an’s expression changed drastically.

The others were also stunned.

Who was the Buddha?

They immediately thought of Han Jue. He had always been very mysterious to them.

“Master is a Buddha? How is that possible…”

Xun Chang’an was shocked. If Han Jue was the Buddha, wouldn’t he have been fooled by the Buddhists?

At this moment, the White-Robed Buddha looked at Chu Shiren and asked with a smile, “Buddha, are you coming back?”

Swoosh

Everyone looked at Chu Shiren. Zhou Mingyue was pleasantly surprised.

My master is a Buddha?

Chu Shiren was stunned. “How can I be Buddha? Don’t slander me!”

Could it be that the one he encountered in his dream was Buddha?

“He can’t go with you. Leave.” Han Jue’s voice floated out of the cave abode.

The White-Robed Buddha couldn’t help but turn to look at the Connate Cave Abode. His divine sense couldn’t enter it.

The Dao Field could block divine senses below the Deity Realm! The reason why the White-Robed Buddha could enter was that Han Jue didn’t activate the defensive array formation of the Dao Field because the disciples often went out.

“Who are you? You shouldn’t be an ordinary mortal world immortal, right?” the White-Robed Buddha asked with a smile, full of curiosity about Han Jue.

Han Jue’s voice floated out, “If not for the fact that you’re not truly with the Buddhist Sect, I wouldn’t have let you into the mortal world and would have killed you already.”

With that said, the White-Robed Buddha’s expression changed drastically.

What did he mean?

The White-Robed Buddha pretended to be calm and smiled. “Amitabha, why would I not be with the Buddhist Sect?”

“Are you sure you want me to expose it? Remember, there’s always someone listening.” At this moment, the White-Robed Buddha could no longer remain calm. He didn’t dare to ask further.

He asked in a low voice, “Who are you?” “Eastern Wu Divine World, Sun Quan.” The White-Robed Buddha frowned.

Where was the Eastern Wu Divine World?

To be able to call itself a Divine World, it must be extraordinary!

“If you don’t leave in three breaths, you can stay here for good.” Han Jue’s voice sounded.

The White-Robed Buddha instinctively sensed danger and hurriedly vanished.

The others looked at each other.

Zhou Mingyue muttered in surprise, “Isn’t Master called…”

The Black Hell Chicken glared and scolded him. “Shut up! What do you know! Master is doing this to avoid unnecessary trouble!”

Zhou Mingyue was instantly enlightened.

At the end of the world.

The White-Robed Buddha appeared in the forest, panting heavily.

“That feeling just now… The other party is an Immortal Emperor?”

The White-Robed Buddha was covered in a cold sweat. When Han Jue’s Reincarnation Sword Intent locked onto him, he felt the aura of death.

“Sun Quan of Eastern Wu Divine World… There are indeed many hidden talents in the world.”

The White-Robed Buddha sighed. He didn’t have any hatred towards Han Jue. It was obvious that the other party didn’t want to cause trouble, so he didn’t attack.

He didn’t want to invite the Supreme Buddha back and was only putting on a show, anyway.

Now, it wasn’t that he didn’t want to, but that he couldn’t.

The White-Robed Buddha was very interested in Sun Quan now.

How many factions had the Heavenly Court befriended? “Forget it, I’ll hide here and cultivate. I’ll become an Immortal Emperor first. Fortunately, the Heavenly Emperor knows my identity.”

The White-Robed Buddha thought silently and walked in a direction.

[White-Robed Buddha has a favorable impression of you. Current favorability: 2 stars]

When Han Jue saw the line of words in front of him, a huge question mark appeared in his mind.

Wait!

So he’s an ally?

No wonder Divine Lord Wu De had let the White-Robed Buddha in.

The Heavenly Court and Chan School were colluding?

Han Jue wanted to take out the Heavenly Dao Token and ask, but he was afraid that it would be disadvantageous to him if he knew too much.

“That’s right. I’m on good terms with the Dao Sect’s Chan School. I’ve long known about the White-Robed Buddha’s identity, but this matter cannot be made public. Don’t tell Taibai, either. As for the White-Robed Buddha, let him stay in the Scarlet Cloud World. He can still help you.”

The Heavenly Emperor’s voice entered his ears, just as he had guessed.

Han Jue took a deep breath and nodded.

Wow.

These big shots really knew how to play. They even hid it from their trusted aides. The Heavenly Court had spies from other factions, and the Buddhist Sect also had spies from the Heavenly Court?

Dao Comprehension Sword asked curiously, “Master, is Chu Shiren really a Buddha?”

She remembered that Han Jue said that Long Hao didn’t have the greatest background in her previous life. Han Jue closed his eyes and said, “Don’t ask what you shouldn’t ask. Cultivate well. I hope that you can help me block the intruders one day.”

Dao Comprehension Sword couldn’t help but feel ashamed and didn’t dare to ask further.

From then on, the White-Robed Buddha continued to walk the mortal world and impart his teachings. Han Jue still paid attention to prevent the White-Robed Buddha from causing trouble.

Thirty years later. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Han Jue sensed something and opened his eyes. He took out the Heavenly Dao Token.

It burned and shook in his hands.