Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 231 Heaven Mending Stone, Nüwa Imperial Palace

“Fellow Daoist?”

The White-Robed Buddha’s voice floated into Han Jue’s ears again. As he waited for his reply, he was a little puzzled.

Was he not good enough?

Han Jue thought for a moment and still arrived in front of the White-Robed Buddha.

When the White-Robed Buddha saw him come out, he couldn’t help but smile and ask, “Recently, many geniuses have appeared in the Scarlet Cloud World. Even in the Immortal World, they’re not mediocre.”

Han Jue asked curiously, “Why are you doing your best? Aren’t you afraid of being questioned if you don’t return to the Buddhist Sect?”

The White-Robed Buddha frowned. “Fellow Daoist, don’t you know the truth? The Heavenly Emperor asked me to help you. How can you not know?”

“What I mean is, aren’t you afraid that the Buddhists will take their anger out on you?”

“It’s fine. Finding the Supreme Buddha is already very difficult. It’s very difficult to succeed without hundreds of years. I can delay for a longer time. The Buddha can’t deduce matters about me. I have a Supreme Treasure on me.” “Then, aren’t you afraid of being suspected?”

“They already suspect me. What’s there to be afraid of? He sent me here as a test, to begin with.”

Han Jue looked at the White-Robed Buddha’s confident expression and couldn’t help but be speechless.

It was too ridiculous!

If he were the Heavenly Dao Buddha, he would definitely kill the White-Robed Buddha.

He had to be careful in the future.

He had to prevent a traitor like the White-Robed Buddha from appearing in his sect.

Han Jue thought silently and said, “You can arrange the matter of the prodigies.”

With the Heavenly Dao Token, he wasn’t afraid of the White-Robed Buddha’s tricks.

Under the Heavenly Dao, he could monitor the White-Robed Buddha at any time, even if he had a Supreme Treasure.

If the White-Robed Buddha acted recklessly, he could kill him immediately.

“Aren’t you going to thank me for helping you?” The White - Robed Buddha smiled teasingly.

Han Jue said angrily, “You speak as if you didn’t gain anything. I’m allowing you to preach in the mortal world and increase your providence. This is already the greatest favor I can do for you.”

The White-Robed Buddha was speechless because Han Jue was right.

“That’s all.”

Han Jue disappeared after saying this.

The White-Robed Buddha shook his head and laughed. He turned around and left.

Han Jue didn’t return to the Connate Cave Abode directly. Instead, he came to the Fusang Tree and lectured to the Hidden Sect disciples.

After so many years, these disciples were at least at the Tribulation Transcendence Realm.

The Spirit Qi of the Cultivate Diligently Become Immortal Mountain was still the richest in the world.

At the Tribulation Transcendence Realm, Zhou Mingyue had already made a name for himself. After Murong Qi, he became the new eldest disciple of the Jade Pure Sacred Sect. Daoist Nine Cauldrons was too embarrassed to rope Han Jue in and could only target his grand-disciple.

It was worth mentioning that Daoist Nine Cauldrons’ cultivation level had already reached the second level of the Tribulation Transcendence Realm and would not face the pain of having no lifespan.

Half a year later.

Han Jue ended the lecture.

Long Hao said, “Master, I want to learn the Heavenly Sword Dao!”

Ever since Dao Comprehension Sword had reached the second level of the Heavenly Sword Dao, her strength had increased greatly. Long Hao coveted that gorgeous sword technique.

The Black Hell Chicken added, “I want to learn it, too!”

Han Jue said, “This Sword Dao is very difficult to learn. The leader of the Heavenly Court’s Literature Immortals, Di Taibai, took a thousand years to master it. This is already an outstanding performance.”

“My potential is not bad,” Long Hao said seriously, while the Black Hell Chicken was silent.

Han Jue thought for a moment and said, “Who else wants to learn? I’ll teach you all.”

Xun Chang’an, Zhou Mingyue, and Golden Crow Ah Da raised their hands.

Chu Shiren wasn’t interested, Tu Ling’er wasn’t good at the Sword Dao, and the aptitude of the Golden Crow Xiao Er was limited.

Han Jue smiled and started to teach the first level of the Heavenly Sword Dao.

Several days later, he came to the Earth Immortal Gourd Vine.

The seven gourds had already grown to the size of a mortal gourd. Han Jue took out a small green jade bottle that contained the Ancestral Magus blood essence and injected it into the Earth Immortal Gourd Vine.

The Golden Crow Xiao Er asked curiously, “Master, what are you doing?”

Han Jue smiled and said, “Giving it some fertilizer.”

The others were still comprehending the Sword Dao and did not come over.

Tu Ling’er suddenly sensed something and opened her eyes to look at the green jade bottle in Han Jue’s hand. For some reason, her heart raced.

What was that?

Han Jue stared at the Earth Immortal Gourd Vine and prayed silently, hoping that the fusion would succeed.

This way, he could create seven Ancestral Magus Calabash Brothers.

Under his gaze, there was nothing unusual about the Earth Immortal Gourd Vine.

It was fine as long as there were no abnormalities, he was just afraid the Earth Immortal Gourd Vine would be ruined.

As Han Jue was thinking, he suddenly felt something. He raised his right hand, and a red stone appeared in his hand.

This was a mysterious stone that Xing Hongxuan had given him a long time ago. It was said to have fallen from the sky, and there was a strange aura inside it. Until today, Han Jue still couldn’t see what this aura was.

The red stone trembled violently, wanting to break free from his hand.

Han Jue hesitated for a moment but still chose to let go.

The red stone quickly flew towards the Earth Immortal Gourd Vine and collided with it. Then, it condensed into a red gourd at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Compared to the other Earth Immortal Gourds, the red gourd was very small, but it was as red as blood and extremely eye-catching.

“The stone has become a gourd!” Xiao Er exclaimed, attracting the attention of the others.

Han Jue ignored her and focused on the Earth Immortal Gourd Vine.

After a while, still nothing had happened to the Earth Immortal Gourd Vine.

Wow.

Seven Calabash Brothers became eight? Han Jue found it strange. He turned to look at the disciples and said, “Pay more attention to these gourds. Let me know if there are any abnormalities.”

With that, he returned to the Connate Cave Abode to continue cultivating.

The disciples came to the Earth Immortal Gourd Vine to watch.

“There’s really another gourd.” “Can these gourds transform?” “They should. Otherwise, Master would have long refined them into Dharma treasures.”

“Master is kind. Dao Comprehension Sword is formed from grass. The ugly monk was also an Ancient Spiritual Ginseng in his previous life.”

“It’s going to be lively again in the future.”

Twenty years later.

A line of words suddenly appeared in front of Han Jue, who was cultivating.

[Detected bearer of Connate providence, check its origin.]

Han Jue frowned and prayed that it wasn’t an enemy. Then, he chose to check. [Earth Immortal Gourd Spirit: First level of the Body Integration Realm, formed by the Earth Immortal Gourd Vine. Contains the blood essence of the legendary Ancestral Magus Di Jiang. After being nurtured by the Fusang Tree for a thousand years, it has given birth to consciousness. Its providence is extraordinary.) x7 [Chaotic Gourd Spirit: First level of the Soul Formation Realm. It is formed by the Heaven Mending Stone. Contains the essence of the Earth Immortal Gourd Vine and the blood essence of the Ancestral Magus Di Jiang. It has a strong foundation and is an unprecedented race of living beings. It is said that the Heaven Mending Stone is a Chaotic Spirit Stone found from the depths of Chaos. This Heaven Mending Stone fell from Nüwa Imperial Palace and is controlled by a mysterious force to approach the target. However, the Heaven Mending Stone has already become a spirit. The providence of the Magus, Reincarnation, Fusang, and other great providences have gathered and cut off the karma with the Nüwa Imperial Palace.]

Han Jue was stunned.

The eight gourds had gained sentience? Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Han Jue frowned. That red stone was actually a Heaven Mending Stone, and it came from the Nüwa Imperial Palace?

The Nüwa Imperial Palace had targeted him?

They deliberately threw the Heaven Mending Stone to Xing Hongxuan. Since she couldn’t use it, she could only hand it to Han Jue.

With Xing Hongxuan’s help, Han Jue naturally didn’t suspect that the Heaven Mending Stone was a conspiracy.

Gasp

Not bad at all!

Han Jue was shocked.

[Tai Sutian has a favorable impression of you. Current favorability: 1 star.)