Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 240 Terrifying Ancestor

The Gu Family Head stood up and walked out of the pavilion. He came to the railing and looked down at the Ancestral Recovery Array.

The 99 Gu family cultivators used their Dharmic powers to activate the array formation. A huge purple barrier covered the altar.

Rolling thunderclouds condensed above the purple barrier and quickly expanded, spreading to all directions.

Boom!

Deafening thunder rumbled.

The Gu Family Head’s eyes burned with passion.

“Ancestor, your descendant is about to revive you! Soon!” He roared in his heart, extremely excited.

He raised his hand and waved. Fang Liang immediately flew past him and into the air, walking towards the top of the Ancestral Recovery Array

Countless bolts of lightning interwove on Fang Liang’s body, but he did not frown. A terrifying pressure filled the world.

“The Gu family really wants to revive their ancestor?” Zhou Fan widened his eyes.

He had been resurrected several times, but he had relied on himself. Had the Gu family gone?mad?

Mo Fuchou gritted his teeth and cursed. “Damn it! What poison is this? It can’t be dispelled at all!”

At this rate, before Fang Liang died, they would be sacrificed first.

The others were also extremely terrified. Some people wanted to forcefully rush out of the Ancestral Recovery Array, but they were jolted back.

Swish!

A sonic boom tore through the air. A long halberd descended from the sky and directly broke through the Ancestral Recovery Array. The tip of the halberd stabbed into the altar, causing cracks to appear on its surface.

Everyone turned to look. This long halberd was silver-white in color. The blade of the halberd was like a crescent moon, shining brightly. A silver dragon seemed to be wrapped between the halberd blade and spear shaft, looking mighty and domineering.

“Who dares to hurt my junior brother!”

A domineering shout resounded through the world, causing everyone to look up

Wearing silver armor, Murong Qi stepped on a Qilin and attacked. Divine light flashed behind him and pierced through the thundercloud.

The Gu Family Head frowned and thought to himself, “Heavenly General? What does the Heavenly Court mean by this?”.

He immediately waved his hand, gesturing for the Gu family cultivators to attack.

In an instant, hundreds of Gu family cultivators soared into the sky and attacked Murong Qi.

Murong Qi raised his hand and waved, causing the Silver Dragon Halberd to quickly fly back into his hand.

He looked at Fang Liang and discovered that his junior brother was like a walking corpse. He was immediately furious and his eyes turned red.

Inside the Connate Cave Abode.

Han Jue was cultivating. All these years, he had been studying the Stellar Primordial Body. The Dharmic powers in his body had been increasing Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

He discovered that every star in his body could contain Dharmic powers, and the quantity was not small.

If the billions of stars filled with Dharmic powers were activated in battle, it would be an explosive force that could destroy the world!

Just thinking about it made Han Jue excited. In addition, he felt that the Stellar Primordial Body might contain even stronger secrets.

At this moment…

A black vortex suddenly appeared behind Han Jue. He felt the summoning of the Invocation Technique.

What happened? Han Jue frowned.

Who was using the Invocation Technique?

Han Jue hesitated for a moment but still stood up and said, “I’ll be back soon.”

He turned around and stepped into the black vortex.

At the same time. Dust filled the Gu family’s mountain. On the altar, Fang Liang collapsed in the ruins. Murong Qi and Gu Xin knelt beside him. Many prisoners and corpses were lying around.

A black vortex floated above Fang Liang’s head. Murong Qi looked at it, feeling uneasy.

Was the Mystical Power taught by Grandmaster useful?

Why didn’t I pay the price for using it?

Back then, when Han Jue taught him the Invocation Technique, he had mentioned a terrifying price. Murong Qi thought that he would have to sell his soul.

Unexpectedly..

Nothing happened!

Most importantly, he didn’t reverse the situation!

Murong Qi looked up. A fierce battle in the sky shook the world.

The Gu family’s ancestor had already been revived. Although he had only regained his soul, his aura was still very powerful. The person fighting him was a tiger-headed greater demon.

This great demon wore thorny armor and had a demonic aura. He held a bone truncheon in his hand and attacked with all his might. With his great powers, he managed to restrain the Gu Family’s ancestor.

However, it was only a distraction. The Gu Family ancestor’s aura became stronger and stronger as time passed.

At this rate, the demon would definitely lose.

“Damn it, even a late-stage Grand Unity Golden Immortal can’t suppress him? Is this fellow about to step into the Immortal Emperor Realm?”

Murong Qi gritted his teeth.

This greater demon was his subordinate back then, the Demon Bone Tiger. It was one of the 72 generals under him.

He didn’t expect that it was no match for the newly resurrected Gu Family Ancestor!

If I had the cultivation level of my previous life…

Murong Qi thought indignantly. He couldn’t help but look at the black vortex.

At this moment!

He saw a figure walk out of the black vortex.

Murong Qi’s eyes widened.

Erm…

Grandmaster?

Why is Grandmaster here?

It wasn’t that Murong Qi didn’t think that this was a summoning technique, but he didn’t expect Han Jue to come.

He knew Han Jue’s personality best.

The Heavenly Court invited Han Jue, but he didn’t go. But to save them…

Han Jue walked out of the black vortex and saw Fang Liang lying on the ground. He couldn’t help but frown and ask in a low voice, “Who did this?”

Seeing Han Jue appear, Zhou Fan and Mo Fuchou widened their eyes in shock.

Why was he here? Many thoughts flashed through Murong Qi’s mind. Then, he pointed at the Gu family’s ancestor and said, “It’s him. He stole Junior Brother’s cultivation. The tiger demon fighting him is my subordinate!”

Han Jue looked at the Gu family’s ancestor.

Perfected Grand Unity Golden Immortal Realm!

No wonder he could force his two precious grand-disciples to such a state.

Han Jue raised his right hand and directly used the Heaven Earth Mystic Yellow World Piercing Sword Finger.

Without another word!

He used his full power!

Fighting the Demon Bone Tiger, the Gu family’s ancestor subconsciously turned his head and saw Han Jue’s sword Qi.

The sword Qi was extremely fast, faster than lightning. It was difficult to follow with the naked eye. It directly drowned the Gu family’s ancestor and pierced through the thundercloud.

It was like shooting through the sky!

The Demon Bone Tiger was almost frightened to death.

When Han Jue’s sword Qi swept past him, he felt the aura of death.

Emperor Realm Mystical Power!

Was it an Immortal Emperor?

The Demon Bone Tiger turned around and saw Murong Qi kneeling down to Han Jue.

This was only a difference in perspective. Murong Qi had exhausted all his Dharmic powers and was kneeling beside Fang Liang to take care of him. Han Jue floated above Fang Liang and looked down from the sky as if Murong Qi was kneeling to him.

What a handsome man!

Could this be like what Big Brother had said…

After Han Jue felt the aura of the Gu family’s ancestor completely disappear, he turned around and walked back to the black vortex, saying, “Bring your junior brother back. Be careful when you go out in the future.”

Han Jue quickly disappeared into the black vortex.

The world fell silent.

Everyone who was still alive was stunned.

Erm…

Too fast!

It was so fast that no one could react.

Before they could figure out what was going on, the Gu family’s ancestor was gone?

“Ancestor!”

A shrill cry sounded.

The Gu Family Head knelt on the ruins of the pavilion in pain. He held his head with both hands and almost went mad.

“He’s gone just like that?” Zhou Fan muttered to himself in disbelief.

He knew that Han Jue was very strong.

But unexpectedly…

This was too ridiculous!

The Gu family’s ancestor was so powerful that he could destroy the world. He was stronger than any mighty figure he had ever seen.

But Han Jue killed him with a single finger…

Murong Qi suddenly shouted, “Little Seven, what are you waiting for? Kill them! Leave no one from the Gu family alive! All of them must die!”

The Demon Bone Tiger came back to its senses and revealed a sinister smile.