Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 246 Heavenly Cycle Body Tempering Technique

“The Chaotic Physique is a physique outside of the Heavenly Dao. Before the Heavenly Dao, there was chaos. To be able to obtain a Chaotic Physique under the Heavenly Dao, what’s your background?”

The Heavenly Emperor’s tone was solemn. The entire Heavenly Court didn’t have anyone with the Chaotic Physique.

“I’m just an ordinary mortal. What background do I have?

“Is the Chaotic Physique very rare? Or am I the only one?”

This question was very important!

The former represented strong opponents, while the latter represented invincibility.

“The Divine Palace has a Chaotic Physique. It can be said to be world-shattering. Millions of years ago, it shocked the myriad worlds. He’s the main reason for the Divine Palace to exist today,” the Heavenly Emperor said slowly with an unfathomable tone.

Divine Palace again!

Why did Han Jue feel that the Divine Palace was the most impressive in the Immortal World?

There were all kinds of prodigies and all kinds of monsters.

Han Jue immediately said in his heart, “One day, I will surpass that person in the Divine Palace and help the Heavenly Court become stronger.”

At this moment, he had to make his stand clear. Otherwise, it would attract the Heavenly Emperor’s fear.

The better the Heavenly Emperor treated him, the more ruthless he would be if he betrayed him.

The Heavenly Emperor did not reply.

Han Jue was nervous.

This was not the first time he had rejected the Heavenly Emperor.

Would the Heavenly Emperor be angry?

“Hmph, so be it if you don’t come. If you said you had the Chaotic Physique earlier, I would have let Taibai give you a treasure. It’s useful for your cultivation.” The Heavenly Emperor snorted.

Han Jue quickly thanked him.

The Heavenly Emperor didn’t say anything else.

Dao Comprehension Sword saw Han Jue suddenly stand up and bow. She asked in surprise, “Master, what are you doing?”

Han Jue said, “There are gods everywhere. I’m praying for them to protect me.” “Aren’t you a god yourself?”

“Do you have to provoke me?” “What do you mean?”

“Say ‘I was wrong’ ten thousand times.”

“Huh?”

“Hurry up! Otherwise, get out!”

“Alright…”

Dao Comprehension Sword curled her lips in grievance and began to say over and over again that she was wrong.

Han Jue smiled in satisfaction.

Three years later.

Di Taibai sent over a scroll of Dao Technique. He didn’t say much and left after sending it over.

Han Jue held the scroll in his hand and sat on the bed. There were no words on the scroll, and he needed to use his divine sense.

Han Jue probed the scroll with his divine?sense.

Boom

A memory surged into Han Jue’s mind like a river breaking through a dam.

Heavenly Cycle Body Tempering Technique!

This was a body tempering technique suitable for the Chaotic Physique. It was extremely profound and could stimulate the potential of the Chaotic Physique.

After a few days, Han Jue finally sorted it out.

He was very surprised. Good stuff!

This cultivation technique did not require external forces. It used one’s Dharmic powers to temper one’s physique. Although the process was complicated, the prerequisite was simple.

Han Jue immediately started to cultivate the Heavenly Cycle Body Tempering Technique. It was very difficult to overcome the initial hurdle. Fortunately, he was very talented and only took half a year to succeed. The Six Paths Dharmic powers tempered the Stellar Primordial Body, causing Han Jue’s aura to become extremely oppressive, startling Dao Comprehension Sword.

She felt uncomfortable from the pressure.

After suffering for a period of time, Dao Comprehension Sword couldn’t take it anymore and chose to leave the cave abode.

Tu Ling’er hadn’t gone out recently. Seeing her come out, she asked curiously, “Why did you come out?”

Dao Comprehension Sword Dao: “Master seems to be breaking through. The pressure inside is too strong. I can’t withstand it.”

Breakthrough?

The others opened their eyes.

Why did it feel like Han Jue was always breaking through?

Long Hao sighed. “Master is really powerful. I feel afraid every time I face him.”

Ever since Han Jue pulled him into the void to teach him a lesson, he had been very afraid of him.

“Hahaha, Master might have surpassed the Immortal God Realm already!” the Black Hell Chicken said smugly, as if it was the one breaking through and not Han Jue. The others sighed.

At the same time.

Far above the Nine Heavens of the Immortal World, the Heavenly Emperor smiled.

“Good kid! It’s really the Chaotic Physique! The Heavenly Court is really going to rise now!” the Heavenly Emperor muttered to himself as his smile grew wider.

How many years had it been!

He had finally waited for such a prodigy!

Every time he heard about the shocking battle achievements of the geniuses of the Divine Palace, he would appear indifferent on the surface, but he was extremely envious inside.

Although the Divine General was mighty, he was still inferior to a certain monster of the Divine Palace.

For example, the Profound Truth Divine Emperor wasn’t the strongest in the Divine Palace, but he could make the Divine General and Long Jun worship him. This could show the difference between the two factions.

The foundation of the Heavenly Court was stronger. It had the Four Extreme Emperors, the 24 Stellar Lords, and other Ancient Gods guarding it.

However, the future potential of the Divine Palace was greater. They had countless geniuses.

The Heavenly Emperor was extremely happy when he thought of Han Jue’s growth.

He immediately summoned Di Taibai.

Soon, Di Taibai arrived at the Heavenly Emperor Palace.

The Heavenly Emperor instructed, “Think of a way to increase the providence and strength of the Reroll World. I want to make it one of the top fifty mortal worlds on the Heavenly Dao Tablet.”

Di Taibai was stunned and said in surprise, “Your Majesty, won’t this destroy the balance…”

The Reroll World had risen too quickly!

Most importantly, Han Jue was completely indifferent!

Why would he do so much for a mortal guardian?

“Geniuses need fame. He also needs to do something for the Heavenly Court in return,” the Heavenly Emperor said calmly.

Di Taibai immediately smiled as if he understood.

Ten years later.

Han Jue’s Stellar Primordial Body had transformed. His Dharmic powers were tempering his physique and becoming stronger at the same time.

He even felt that the Heavenly Cycle Body Tempering Technique was stronger than the Six Paths of Reincarnation Technique!

Of course, the Heavenly Cycle Body Tempering Technique was only suitable for the Chaotic Physique. It couldn’t produce Dharmic powers and could only allow the Dharmic powers to increase on their own.

Han Jue began the simulation trial and fought Jiang Yi.

Two hours later.

Han Jue opened his eyes.

Although he was still defeated, he clearly felt that Jiang Yi was no longer invincible.

He surpassed him halfway through the battle.

He was another step closer to insta-killing Jiang Yi!

Satisfied, Han Jue took out the Book of Misfortune and started cursing the enemy.

Ever since Su Qi left the Great Desolate Sacred Dynasty, Han Jue couldn’t be bothered to curse the entire dynasty. But he didn’t forget the Nine-tailed Demon Empress, the Demon Emperor, the Heavenly Rage Buddha, Yu Tianbao, and the other enemies.

However, in the past few years, no enemies had been cursed to death by him. He still had some regrets.

Han Jue cursed as he checked his emails regularly. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Nothing major had happened recently. It was quite peaceful.

Pretty good.

Han Jue’s wish was world peace.

Several months later.

Han Jue put down the Book of Misfortune and called Dao Comprehension Sword in. He was about to speak when he felt something and hurriedly took out the Heavenly Dao Token.

The token heated up again and trembled.

Han Jue was speechless. He threw the Heavenly Dao Token aside and let it shake.

It was probably the old Heavenly Emperor messing with him. He wanted to raise the ranking of the Reroll World and attract powerful enemies to him so that he could help resolve the problem.

Han Jue wasn’t too conflicted about this, especially since he had just obtained the Heavenly Cycle Body Tempering Technique. He really should contribute to the Heavenly Court.

As long as it was not an Immortal Emperor, he could do anything!

If an Immortal Emperor came and the Heavenly Emperor didn’t help, he could only run.

His life was the top priority, everything else was second place.

Han Jue thought silently.

“Master, the Fusang Tree’s branches began shaking half a year ago!” Dao Comprehension Sword said solemnly.

She wanted to come in half a year ago, but Han Jue didn’t say anything. She was afraid of being hurt by his pressure, so she kept waiting.

Han Jue showed a frown. Dao Comprehension Sword continued, “The Black Hell Chicken, Ah Da, and Xiao Er are all on the tree, but it’s useless.”