Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 256 Huang Zuntian Enters the Jie School, Ranking of the Reroll World

Twelve years later.

Huang Zuntian ascended with his cultivation at the Grand Unity Loose Immortal Realm. After ascending, he was baptized by the Heavenly Dao and directly promoted to a Grand Unity Earth Immortal.

It was still very beneficial to transcend the tribulation.

After Han Jue learned from his interpersonal relationships that Huang Zuntian’s cultivation had increased, he couldn’t help but wonder if his cultivation would also increase if he ascended now.

On second thought, something was wrong.

He had already been to the Immortal World more than once. It was probably useless to transcend the tribulation now.

Moreover, the Immortal Emperor Tribulation was probably very terrifying. He hadn’t transcended the tribulation before because the system’s Dao Field had isolated him. He didn’t want to take the risk.

After dealing with the Victorious Fighting Buddha, Han Jue’s days became leisurely again. He began to allocate more time to nurture the Hidden Sect disciples.

After so many years of transformation, the overall strength of the Reroll World was also rapidly becoming stronger. The number of Mahayana cultivators increased several times, and more and more Loose Immortals appeared.

Not long later, perhaps the limit of the world would increase to the Earth Immortal Realm or even higher.

The stronger the Heavenly Dao was, the higher the cultivation level it could endure.

The Immortal Qi and Spirit Qi of the Cultivate Diligently Become Immortal Mountain had already reached an extremely dense state. Now, Xing Hongxuan, Fairy Xi Xuan, and Chang Yue’er no longer went out to train and focused on cultivating.

On this day.

Han Jue called Li Yao into the cave abode alone, and Dao Comprehension Sword waited outside. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Li Yao was extremely nervous, not knowing what he wanted her to do. Han Jue asked her to sit down. Seeing her pretending to be calm, he couldn’t help but find it funny.

Too cautious!

Han Jue smiled and said, “Don’t be nervous. I won’t eat you. I’m just concerned about your cultivation. If you have any questions, feel free to ask. I still have to teach the others later.”

Li Yao came to a realization and felt a little awkward.

Bah.

How could she think of her senior like that?

It was all the Black Hell Chicken’s fault. He often said that Han Jue had many women.

See.

She had been here for so long, but she had never seen her senior having such hobbies.

Indeed, even chickens would lie.

Li Yao started to tell Han Jue her recent questions about cultivation.

After reaching the Immortal Emperor Realm, he had comprehended the key to all techniques in the world. To Han Jue, Li Yao’s questions were so simple.

A month later.

Han Jue asked Li Yao what Mystical Power she wanted to learn. She wanted to learn a Mystical Power of movement or teleportation.

How cautious!

Han Jue retorted in his heart and taught her the Somersault Cloud.

After Li Yao was Tu Ling’er. Han Jue taught her Three Heads Six Arms and Imitate Heaven and Earth.

Tu Ling’er had too many wild thoughts. While imparting the Mystical Powers, she kept approaching him. Before she left, she was still reluctant.

Time passed.

Twenty years passed quickly. All the disciples of the Hidden Sect had surpassed the Mahayana Realm, including Zhou Mingyue.

Xing Hongxuan, Fairy Xi Xuan, and Chang Yue’er had all reached the Tribulation Transcendence Realm.

Han Jue was secretly disappointed.

It seemed that the three of them could only continue cultivating.

He still wanted to wait for the three women to pass away and reincarnate to refresh their potential. But it seemed impossible now.

He didn’t want to die, and neither did the others.

After teaching everyone on the Cultivate Diligently Become Immortal Mountain, Han Jue began to cultivate. Unfortunately, his cultivation speed was not fast. Immortal Emperors cultivated the soul and the Great Dao. Although Immortal Qi was still effective, it was not as effective as before.

Regardless, as long as he could steadily increase his strength, Han Jue would be satisfied.

On this day, Han Jue left his cultivation state. He took out the Book of Misfortune and started cursing the enemies while checking his emails.

(Your enemy Heavenly Rage Buddha has transformed under your curse. His Devil Heart wants to possess him.]

(Your good friend Jiang Yi was attacked by an Immortal Emperor and was severely injured.]

(Your good friend Ji Xianshen has devoured the soul of a Ghost Deity. His soul has transformed.]

(Your grand-disciple Murong Qi was attacked by Heavenly Troops] X450321

(Your good friend Mo Zhu encountered a blessed Grotto-heaven by chance. Her providence has increased greatly.]

(Your disciple Su Qi spread bad luck. The providence of the Divine Palace is not affected.]

(Your good friend Zhang Guxing has broken through his limits and his Sword Dao has increased greatly.]

(Your good friend Huang Zuntian has joined the Jie School.)

Han Jue raised his eyebrows.

Huang Zuntian joined the Jie School so quickly? It’s only been twenty years!

It seemed that the threshold of the Jie School was not as high as Han Jue imagined.

That’s right. After all, the Jie School was a sect abandoned by the Heavenly Dao. It had its own rules.

Han Jue didn’t start to expect Huang Zuntian to make a move.

He understood him. Although this fellow was good at seizing power, he was very cautious. Unless it was absolutely necessary, he wouldn’t fight for power.

Huang Zuntian had snatched the position of Sect Master twice because he was afraid that others would cause trouble. Therefore, he decided to unify the sect himself and bring the entire sect along to cultivate

Han Jue had plenty of time to wait.

Several months later, Han Jue’s curse session ended. He took out the Heavenly Dao Token and checked the Heavenly Dao Tablet.

Wow.

The Reroll World had already made it into the top hundred.

It had really been hard on the Heavenly Court and the White-Robed Buddha.

Han Jue shook his head and laughed. He knew why the Heavenly Emperor was raising the Reroll World so much. He wanted to attract powerful enemies and kill them through him.

Han Jue didn’t reject it. Although it didn’t match his style, he had obtained so many benefits, he should help Heavenly Court.

With this in mind, Han Jue couldn’t help but check the area near the Reroll World.

[Immortal Monarch Gong Chen: Perfected Grand Unity Golden Immortal Realm, Supreme Ancestor of the Grand Desolate Sacred Dynasty]

Grand Desolate Sacred Dynasty?

Han Jue’s eyes flashed coldly.

He remembered that the Grand Desolate Sacred Dynasty had captured Su Qi.

He didn’t expect that they would still dare to come to the Reroll World!

Courting death!

At the same time.

In the depths of the void.

Immortal Monarch Gong Chen looked at the Reroll World from afar with a hesitant expression.

He wore a gray Daoist robe and had a jade-like face. His hair was tied up under his crown, giving him an immortal aura.

“The rankings of this world are rising extremely quickly below the Heavenly Court. If the Great Desolate Sacred Dynasty can preach in this world and attract the ascenders, we will definitely become even stronger in the future.”

However, he could sense the aura of the White-Robed Buddha.

There was a Grand Unity Golden Immortal hiding here, and he was no weaker than him.

This was difficult.

He couldn’t force it.

Immortal Monarch Gong Chen immediately sent a voice transmission to the White-Robed Buddha.

Soon, the White-Robed Buddha appeared in front of him and sized him up warily.

Immortal Monarch Gong Chen’s expression changed. He hurriedly cupped his fists and said, “So it’s the White-Robed Buddha. Why are you here?”

Previously, he had only sensed the White-Robed Buddha’s aura and did not dare to rashly probe with his divine sense.

“You are?” The White-Robed Buddha frowned.

In the long years, he had met many people. It was impossible for him to care about everyone.

Immortal Monarch Gong Chen replied, “I’m Immortal Monarch Gong Chen of the Grand Desolate Sacred Dynasty. I once met you at a Heavenly Immortal Gathering.”

They had indeed met once. But they hadn’t even spoken.

At that time, the White-Robed Buddha was the center of attention. He could only watch enviously and did not even have the courage to greet him.

“Oh, why are you here?” the White-Robed Buddha asked expressionlessly.

Actually, he had already guessed it. He just did not want to easily acquire more enemies.

The other party was a Grand Unity Golden Immortal, after all!

Immortal Monarch Gong Chen went straight to the point and revealed his intentions. The White-Robed Buddha did not immediately reject. In fact, this was a good thing. It could give the Reroll World another backing.

The Heavenly Court’s main focus was on the Immortal World. They didn’t care much about the mortal worlds, so they couldn’t always rely on the Heavenly Court.

At that moment, the White-Robed Buddha’s expression changed.

He looked up at Immortal Monarch Gong Chen and asked with a strange expression, “Do you know Su Qi?”