Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 268 Immeasurable Calamity Begins, The Black Hell Demon Lord Descends into the World

A month later.

Han Jue bled from his seven orifices. However, he was an Immortal Emperor. As long as his essence soul was not injured, the injuries on his body were nothing.

He still didn’t see the outcome of the Demon Emperor being cursed.

As expected of a big shot with unknown cultivation!

He was very strong!

Han Jue looked at his lifespan. He had only lost tens of thousands of years.

It was nothing!

He continued cursing.

This time, he was determined to spend a hundred million years of lifespan! Even if he couldn’t curse the Demon Emperor to death, he had to generate a mental demon!

It just so happened that the Heavenly Court was attacking the Demon Court. The Demon Emperor would definitely be vexed.

“Your Majesty, I’m secretly helping you guys. I didn’t let you down!” Han Jue thought silently. However, he could only keep this matter a secret and not disclose it to prevent unnecessary trouble.

Dao Comprehension Sword looked at his face covered in blood and felt heartache.

Master was definitely working hard to avoid calamity.

Sigh.

When can I become strong enough to protect my master? Dao Comprehension Sword’s heart ached. She began to work hard.

Demon Court, Demon Emperor Palace.

Hundreds of terrifying figures gathered in the hall. They were all Demon Saints. The Demon Emperor was extremely frustrated as he listened to an old Demon Saint report the situation of the battle with the Heavenly Court.

“Damn Heavenly Emperor, we agreed to put on a show, but he’s so serious about it!”

The Demon Emperor cursed silently. He felt that the Heavenly Emperor was not a good person.

At this moment, a strong sense of misfortune attacked him. He could clearly sense that a powerful misfortune was devouring his providence, karma, and even his cultivation.

It was that book again!

The Demon Emperor was furious. The other party clearly wanted to disturb his Dao heart and force him into the calamity.

No!

I have to endure it!

A demon soldier suddenly flew into the hall and knelt down. He shouted in fear, “Your Majesty! Something is wrong! The Buddhists suddenly attacked us. Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, and Arhats appeared in our territory, slaughtering demons and suppressing the Demon Kings!”

Boom

The Demon Emperor Palace exploded into a commotion!

All the Demon Saints and Demon Lords were furious.

The Buddhist Sect actually stabbed them in the back!

Previously, when Great Sage Equaling Heaven attacked the Heavenly Court, it was a conspiracy between the Demon Court and the Buddhist Sect. They originally thought that they could establish a long-term alliance, but who knew…

The Demon Emperor was also furious.

“Heavenly Dao Buddha! Good! Very good!” The Demon Emperor was furious. Terrifying demonic aura overflowed from his body.

At this moment, another powerful curse attacked!

The Demon Emperor felt the malice of the world.

It was as if all the forces in the Immortal World were targeting him!

“You want the Demon Court to face the calamity? “Very good. In that case, don’t blame me for going mad!”

The Demon Emperor suddenly stood up and shouted angrily, “Summon all the Demon Saints back and prepare the secret formation!”

With that said, all the demons were moved.

They tried to dissuade the Demon Emperor, but he was in a rage and could not control himself.

A year later.

Han Jue’s lifespan had already decreased by more than 80 million years. He had cursed with all his might in this last year. Finally, he saw the Demon Emperor successfully cursed for the first time.

(Your enemy Demon Emperor developed mental demons because of your curse.)

It took 80 million years of lifespan for him to develop mental demons! F*ck the Demon Emperor!

Han Jue was secretly shocked.

He put down the Book of Misfortune and began to heal his body.

It was about time to stop. He had to prevent himself from becoming addicted.

Han Jue knew how terrifying ‘gambling’ was.

It was a bottomless abyss!

Several days later, Han Jue’s injuries recovered and he returned to his peak.

He began to cultivate.

In another ten years, he would curse Golden Roc Demon Lord.

This fellow had to die! Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Six-star Hatred Points was really terrifying. If he didn’t die, Han Jue wouldn’t be able to eat or sleep in peace.

At this moment…

Han Jue suddenly sensed the fluctuation from the Heavenly Dao Token and immediately took it out.

“Senior, is anything the matter?” Han Jue asked.

The person who contacted him was Di Taibai. Di Taibai sighed. “The Demon Court has gone mad. They’re declaring war on the Buddhist Sect and the Heavenly Court. The calamity might be activated because of this. Next, the mortal world will also be involved in a chaotic battle. I’m here to inform you that you shouldn’t enter seclusion to prevent the enemy from taking advantage of you.”

Han Jue was confused.

Buddhist Sect?

Were the Divine Palace, Heavenly Court, Buddhist Sect, and Demon Court playing a game called Werewolf?

How could they form an alliance or backstab each other just like that?

Han Jue asked curiously, “How did the Buddhist Sect offend the Demon Court?”

“When the Heavenly Court attacked the Demon Court, the Buddhist Sect also attacked. Furious, the Demon Emperor used a secret formation to awaken a fiendish Supreme Treasure. Endless negative karma is spreading to the entire Immortal World,” Di Taibai said helplessly.

Speaking of this, he was very uneasy.

Although he knew that the Immeasurable Calamity was coming, he didn’t expect it to start immediately.

Han Jue was speechless.

Was there something wrong with the Buddhists?

Why did they have to do this? Now that the calamity had started ahead of time, no one could be at peace.

Han Jue sighed inside.

The two of them chatted for a while more before cutting off their divine sense connection.

Han Jue felt a sense of danger and continued cultivating

Rank Two Immortal Emperor was too weak!

Even Zenith Heaven experts might not be able to protect themselves!

In the depths of the void.

A terrifying demonic mist swept over as if darkness was devouring everything.

A pair of eyes appeared in the demonic mist. He exclaimed, “This aura is…”

The demonic mist quickly surged as a demonic black-robed man walked out. A pair of black-feathered phoenix wings wrapped around his back, burning with black flames.

It was the Black Hell Demon Lord of the Demon Court!

This time, he came to destroy the Reroll World!

However, the Black Hell Demon Lord was very careful and did not dare to act rashly. He felt that it was not that simple. The Heavenly Court would likely set a trap.

However, just as he arrived at the Reroll World, he sensed a familiar aura. A blood relative of the same race!

The Black Hell Demon Lord was nervous. “Could it be that the Heavenly Emperor took control of that fellow’s reincarnation? He set a trap for me?”

The Black Hell Demon Lord’s true form was the Black Hell Phoenix, an ancient race that was born at the beginning of the world. A long time ago, the younger brother of the Black Hell Demon Lord offended the Heavenly Court and killed many of them. He was suppressed by the Four Extreme Emperors and his soul was thrown into the cycle of reincarnation.

After so many years, the Black Hell Demon Lord had almost forgotten about it.

Although they were brothers, the Black Hell Demon Lord had always looked down on his younger brother.

The difference in talent between them was too great. His younger brother had always relied on the power and reputation of the elder brother to act recklessly. It was also a good thing that he was punished by the Heavenly Court.

As the Black Hell Demon Lord thought, he secretly sneaked into the Reroll World.

He used a secret technique to turn his aura into nothingness, not attracting anyone’s attention.

He followed the aura of his brother’s soul and soon arrived in front of the Cultivate Diligently Become Immortal Mountain.

He frowned as he looked at the mountain ahead.

That tree…

So it was the Fusang Tree!

No wonder Golden Roc Demon Lord came here.

The Black Hell Demon Lord was not tempted. Instead, he was vigilant.

He was shocked to discover that his divine sense couldn’t enter the Cultivate Diligently Become Immortal Mountain.

There was an extremely mysterious and powerful restriction protecting this mountain!

The Black Hell Demon Lord hesitated and did not dare to advance rashly.

He noticed a sect nearby. It was so close to the mountain, so it had to be related.

An idea suddenly popped into his head. He decided to transform into a mortal and join the sect.

Under the Fusang Tree.

The Black Hell Chicken, who was cultivating, suddenly opened its eyes. For some reason, it felt inexplicably uneasy, as if a calamity was about to descend.