Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 285 Rank Three Immortal Emperor, Planning to Insta-kill the Great Freedom Golden Crow Divine Emperor

Han Jue couldn’t help but become nervous when the Golden Crow Divine Emperor attacked.

He wasn’t the Golden Crow Divine Emperor’s match for the time being.

Just as Han Jue was feeling nervous, the Golden Crow Divine Emperor’s divine sense vanished.

“Did he not notice me?” Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Han Jue suddenly remembered that the Dao Field could block divine sense. Now that he was an Immortal Emperor, the Dao Field had become stronger and could block the divine sense of someone at the Deity Realm.

He was relieved!

As long as the Golden Crow Divine Emperor did not directly barge into the island, he shouldn’t be discovered.

The Hidden Sect Island looked big, but from the outside, it was only the tip of a reef. It was very tiny in the vast Yellow Spring.

At the same time.

The Great Freedom Golden Crow Divine Emperor was still traveling above the Yellow Spring when he frowned.

“Strange, why did that fellow’s aura disappear here? Did he fall into the Yellow Spring?”

The Golden Crow Divine Emperor was extremely furious. He had been looking for Han Jue for so many years, why couldn’t he find him?

He had a feeling that that fellow was definitely not dead!

If he didn’t kill Han Jue, the anger in his heart would not be appeased.

Ever since he met Han Jue, he had been cursed from time to time.

It was definitely that guy cursing him!

The Golden Crow Divine Emperor could not figure it out, but he believed in his instincts.

Curses were not rare in the Immortal World. Many cultivators knew how to do it.

Regarding this matter, the Great Freedom Golden Crow Divine Emperor had never revealed it to anyone because he had been cursed to develop a mental demon. This was already a humiliation and could not be made known to anyone.

The more the Golden Crow Divine Emperor thought about it, the more aggrieved he became. He suddenly let out a long roar.

The cry of the Divine Golden Crow was extremely piercing, resounding through the netherworld.

Everyone on Hidden Sect Island heard it and was shocked.

In the midst of cultivating, the Black Hell Demon Lord suddenly opened his eyes in shock.

“How did he find this place?”

He panicked.

Although he was a Rank Five Immortal Emperor, he wasn’t the Golden Crow Divine Emperor’s match.

The others also panicked.

Great Freedom Golden Crow Divine Emperor was the first powerful enemy that Han Jue could not defeat. He even forced them to flee.

Han Jue immediately sent a voice transmission to them, telling them to calm down and not leave the island. The Great Freedom Golden Crow Divine Emperor would definitely not discover them.

Everyone felt relieved.

They all knew Han Jue’s personality. If it was really dangerous, he would have run away without them urging.

Han Jue suppressed his uneasiness and waited.

This was actually good.

The Great Freedom Golden Crow Divine Emperor would not come again after searching this area.

The sharp cry lasted for a while before finally stopping, and the Golden Crow Divine Emperor’s aura also completely dissipated.

Han Jue showed a frown.

This fellow was too difficult to deal with!

It seemed that the Golden Crow Divine Emperor would not rest until he killed him.

If one day, the Great Freedom Golden Crow Divine Emperor really came knocking on his door, it would be too late for Han Jue to hide.

[Detected that you are in an unprecedented crisis. You have the following choices:]

(1: Immediately ascend and head to the Immortal World. Enter the calamity and fight for providence. You can obtain a Great Dao Fragment and a Mystical Power inheritance.)

[2: Don’t ascend for the time being. Cultivate in a low profile manner and wait for the opportunity. You can obtain a Great Dao Fragment and a random natural treasure.]

Han Jue raised his eyebrows when he saw three lines of words appear in front of him.

He finally had a chance to choose!

Although the reward wasn’t generous, it was at least there.

Han Jue silently chose the second option.

[Congratulations on obtaining a natural treasure-Buzhou Divine Flower] (Buzhou Divine Flower: A primordial treasure. Born on the legendary Buzhou Divine Mountain. It seizes the essence of the world and can produce boundless Connate Qi.]

Han Jue immediately took it out and planted it beside the Nine Heavens Galaxy Water.

The Nine Heavens Galaxy Water still emitted Immortal Qi, but it could no longer show the situation of the Son of Heaven and Earth.

“Master, this is?” Dao Comprehension Sword asked curiously.

Han Jue gave a simple introduction.

He didn’t know what Connate Qi was, so he was looking forward to it.

It should be greater than Immortal Qi, right?

After planting the Buzhou Divine Flower, Han Jue didn’t cultivate immediately but waited patiently. After half a month, after confirming that the Great Freedom Golden Crow Divine Emperor had left, he heaved a sigh of relief and cultivated in peace.

Time passed.

About eight years passed.

The Buzhou Divine Flower finally produced Connate Qi. Furthermore, there was quite a bit. It directly erupted and filled the Connate Cave Abode.

Dao Comprehension Sword sensed something and opened her eyes in surprise.

Han Jue was shocked.

This Connate Qi was so powerful. The increase in cultivation he obtained from taking a breath was equivalent to ten breaths of Immortal Qi.

Most importantly, Connate Qi was purer and of higher quality than Immortal Qi.

This time, Han Jue had another way to increase his cultivation speed.

He continued cultivating and started to absorb the Connate Qi.

However, his Qi absorption speed was too fast. The Buzhou Divine Flower couldn’t keep up. It still needed to grow for a while.

Han Jue wasn’t disappointed. At least, there was more hope.

Divine Palace, in a dark prison palace.

Zhang Guxing sat on the ground, with countless sword shadows circling around him.

He wore a tattered white robe and his hair was messy, but his expression was calm. He had the temperament of being composed in any situation.

Outside the prison door, a figure walked out of the darkness.

It was a man in a luxurious robe. He played with a jade ring in his hand as he stared at Zhang Guxing with jealousy.

“Have you made another breakthrough recently?” the robed man asked with a smile

Zhang Guxing did not answer.

The robed man continued, “The Divine Palace and the Demon Court have been at war for many years. The Palace Master left not long ago. In the future, I will control the Divine Palace. How do you think I should torture

you?”

He was Yu Tianbao, who had a grudge with Zhang Guxing!

Zhang Guxing replied, “Your methods can’t make me give in. You will only torture my body and soul. You won’t be able to destroy my Dao heart. As long as I don’t die, you won’t be able to eat or sleep in peace. Because you know that once I leave, you will be finished.”

Yu Tianbao’s expression darkened. This was indeed what he was most worried about. He had long wanted to kill Zhang Guxing, but there was someone above him.

Even if Zhang Guxing had caused a calamity, some people still protected him from death. Yu Tianbao suddenly sneered. “What if I destroy the Sword Dao River?”

Zhang Guxing’s expression changed.

“I’ve always been curious about your relationship with the Sword Dao River. What can make you abandon your body to guard it?” Yu Tianbao asked with interest.

Zhang Guxing was silent.

Seeing his silent attitude, Yu Tianbao was very angry.

Great!

He was definitely going to destroy the Sword Dao River!

Forty years later.

Han Jue finally broke through to the Rank Three Reincarnation Immortal Emperor Realm. His Dharmic powers soared and his soul transformed, becoming even stronger.

After spending three years consolidating his cultivation, Han Jue immediately started the simulation trial.

Although he couldn’t defeat the Great Freedom Golden Crow Divine Emperor when he was a Rank Two Immortal Emperor, at least he wouldn’t be insta-killed.

After reaching the Rank Three Reincarnation Immortal Emperor Realm, Han Jue did not believe that he would still be killed.

Two hours later.

Han Jue opened his eyes and frowned.

After fighting for two hours, although the Great Freedom Golden Crow Divine Emperor could not kill him, he didn’t injure the other party either.

No way!

Han Jue decided to start creating a new Sword Dao Mystical Power. Unlike the Heavenly Sword Dao, he wanted to create an ultimate explosive Mystical Power that could instantly kill the Golden Crow Divine Emperor!