Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 30: Mystical Power, Heavenly Punishment Ghost Deity Sword!

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Fairy Xi Xuan raised her hand, signaling the disciples to be quiet.

The disciples quickly quietened down and looked at her nervously.

The emergence of a Soul Formation realm cultivator in the Cult was definitely a catastrophe for the Jade Pure Sect.

“Even if they have a Soul Formation realm cultivator, we still have to fight. Jade Pure Sect has been established for almost a thousand years, how can it be destroyed by the Cult? I don’t usually ask you all to contribute to the sect, but since the sect is in trouble, all of you must be prepared to fight. From today onwards, all of you are not allowed to leave the Jade Pure Sect. Focus on your cultivation and prepare for the battle!”

Fairy Xi Xuan swept her gaze over everyone as she spoke.

The strong aura of a Nascent Soul cultivator erupted, enveloping the entire hall.

The disciples felt a chill in their hearts. Even though they were afraid, they didn’t dare to show it.

As matters stood, there was no other way.

They had all dealt with the Cult before and knew that the consequences of surrendering would be worse.

...

Inside the connate cave abode, thunder rumbled.

Han Jue was transcending the tribulation.

Under the barrier’s enclosure, the sound and aura of the heavenly thunder did not leak out.

This heavenly tribulation was different from the ones he encountered before. The lightning transformed into a dragon, and it was even more destructive than before.

Nevertheless, it couldn’t break through the Golden Cicada’s Mystic Divine Robe’s defense.

In order to prevent the plants in the cave abode from being destroyed, Han Jue used his spirit energy to protect them. Fortunately, the lightning only kept bombarding him.

The cave wasn’t big, but it was very high. The dark clouds blocked the hole on top.

During the tribulation, Han Jue had nightmares from time to time.

There were all kinds of nightmares, including the death of his friends and Master, as well as returning to his previous life and realizing it was all just a dream.

Fortunately, Han Jue had a strong will and these nightmares couldn’t affect him at all.

The inner evil didn’t even have a chance to emerge.

“Nascent Soul realm, I’m definitely going to break through!”

Han Jue thought excitedly.

As he continued to circulate his spirit energy according to the cultivation method, the six spirit energies in his body formed a vortex once again. As they gathered on his Golden Core, the outline of a nascent soul could be vaguely seen.

He was already close to the Nascent Soul realm.

“Junior!”

Chang Yue’er’s voice came from outside the cave abode. Han Jue thought it was a hallucination. He had heard it before, so he didn’t take it to heart.

Outside the cave abode.

Chang Yue’er called out a few times, but Han Jue didn’t answer.

She couldn’t help but frown as she muttered, “Stinky Junior, you’re cultivating too seriously. The sect is in crisis, but you don’t even want to come out.”

She thought about it and decided to stay outside the cave abode. She walked to a tree not far away and started meditating.

If the Viridescent Nether Cult attacked the Jade Pure Sect from this side, Han Jue would definitely be the first to face trouble. She had to protect him.

Of course, with her strength, it was very difficult for her to protect him. But when Han Jue woke up from his cultivation, she could tell him immediately and bring him back to the inner sect to hide.

Ten days later.

Han Jue finally reached the Nascent Soul realm, and his spiritual strength soared!

The six types of spirit energy merged into a new and powerful spirit energy.

Six Paths spirit energy!

A line of words appeared in front of Han Jue.

[Congratulations on breaking through to the Nascent Soul realm. You will obtain a Mystical Power reward.]

[You chose the path of a Swordsman.]

[Congratulations on obtaining a Sword Dao mystical power—Heavenly Punishment Ghost Deity Sword.]

Wow...

Heavenly Punishment Ghost Deity Sword...

What a dramatic name. So embarrassing!

Han Jue thought excitedly. He immediately began to inherit the mystical power.

Although it was a mystical power, it was still a Sword Dao. It wasn’t difficult for Han Jue.

A mystical power was different from usual magic. He would be able to use it immediately after understanding it. Practice wasn’t necessary.

But of course, he could still practice it if he wanted to. It would make him more proficient with it.

At the same time.

Outside the cave abode.

Chang Yue’er was meditating and cultivating.

She was already used to cultivating nearby.

She opened her eyes to look at the cave abode and muttered, “Stinky Junior, you still aren’t coming out. Luckily, the Cult didn’t invade us.”

She wanted to leave many times, but she was afraid that she would miss the time when Han Jue came out of seclusion.

Chang Yue’er sighed and closed her eyes again.

She liked him, after all.

Maybe wait a little longer.

...

The next day.

Han Jue successfully grasped the Heavenly Punishment Ghost Deity Sword!

He opened his attributes panel:

[Name: Han Jue]

[Lifespan: 111/998]

[Race: Mortal]

[Cultivation: First level of the Nascent Soul realm]

[Technique: Six Paths of Reincarnation Technique (Can be inherited)]

[Magic: Unparalleled Finger Divine Sword, Seven Illusionary Steps, Three Pure Shadow Sword Technique (Unparalleled), Nine Dragons Devil Expelling Seal]

[Mystical Power: Six Paths Soul Absorption Technique, Heavenly Punishment Ghost Deity Sword]

[Equipment: Golden Cicada’s Mystic Divine Robe (Grade Seven Numinous Treasure), Little Universe Belt, Qilin Sword]

[Cultivation Potential: Spiritual Physique of the Six Paths. It contains top-notch wind, fire, water, earth, wood, and thunder cultivation potentials. Increases providence to a certain extent.]

[Connate providence is as follows:]

[Unparalleled: Immortal beauty, top-notch charm] Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

[Destined Sword Fanatic: Top-notch Sword Dao aptitude, top-notch Sword Dao learning ability]

[Unparalleled Movement Technique: Top-notch movement technique aptitude]

[Descendant of the Immortal Emperor: After the game begins, you will receive an unparalleled cultivation technique and 1,000 superior-grade spirit stones.]

[Check interpersonal relationships]

...

His lifespan had increased greatly to 988 years!

He was only at the first level of the Nascent Soul realm. If he reached the ninth level, he would definitely hit a thousand years old!

Awesome!

Han Jue smiled proudly. He wasn’t planning to leave the cave abode, but to continue cultivating,

when he suddenly discovered Chang Yue’er meditating outside.

Previously, he had heard Chang Yue’er’s voice, but he was breaking through and thought that it was an illusion.

Han Jue hesitated whether he should check out what was going on outside.

However, he saw that Chang Yue’er was cultivating and there seemed to be no urgent matter.

She actually wants to tap into the Spirit Qi in my cave abode.

But all the spirit herbs in the cave abode were planted by her. So, Han Jue decided to allow it.

Continue cultivating!

...

A year later.

Chang Yue’er suddenly stood up and looked into the distance in fear.

Thunderclouds appeared above the eighteen peaks of the Jade Pure Sect, surging violently and covering the sky.

On the west side of the Jade Pure Sect, fiendish cultivators charged out of the forest one after another. A huge army of them flew on their swords and sped towards the Jade Pure Sect. Fiendish aura gathered together like a sea of darkness.

The Cult was here!

Chang Yue’er immediately panicked.

Instinctively, she wanted to call out to Han Jue. But on second thought, the Cult was attacking from the other side. Junior Han’s cave was nicely out of the way.

If she woke him up and brought him back to the inner sect, it might actually end up worse.

Chang Yue’er bit her lips, before leaping onto her sword and flying towards Jade Serene Peak.

Inside the connate cave abode.

Han Jue was cultivating when a notification appeared before his eyes.

[Your sect, Jade Pure Sect, is currently under attack by the Viridescent Nether Cult.]

Han Jue was stunned. He quickly reached out with his divine sense and saw the astounding scene of the Cult attacking the Jade Pure Sect.

Why suddenly start fighting?

Han Jue was already a Nascent Soul realm expert. His strength was far greater than before, so he naturally didn’t panic.

But the scale of the invasion was very large. He had to be cautious.

Han Jue didn’t go to help immediately.

He activated the Simulation Trial function to detect everyone in Jade Pure Sect and let the system search for the strongest person.

[Duan Tongtian: First level of the Soul Formation realm, Cult Leader of the Viridescent Nether Cult.]

Soul Formation realm!

Han Jue shuddered.

So fierce?

Han Jue’s first reaction was to run.

Jade Pure Sect has no chance!

Calm down!

I’m no longer the same as before. I could kill Nascent Soul realm cultivators when I was at the Golden Core realm!

Han Jue decided to test Duan Tongtian’s strength first.

He wanted to see if he could deal with him with the Heavenly Punishment Ghost Deity Sword!

Han Jue’s consciousness immediately entered the trial space.

The battle began!

A minute later.

Han Jue opened his eyes. He had an awkward expression on his face.

He muttered to himself, “That’s it?”

He had underestimated himself.

I have an unparalleled sword!

My cultivation technique is inherited from the Immortal Emperor!

I have the spiritual physique of the Six Paths!

And I have mystical powers!

I can’t benchmark myself with ordinary people.

Han Jue stood up and prepared to head to the Jade Pure Sect.

...

The once-flourishing Jade Pure Sect was now in chaos. The inner sect city had been reduced to ruins and corpses were everywhere.

The eighteen peaks were filled with figures battling.

“Cao Cao! Cao Cao! Come out and die!”

Chen Santian’s Master, Zhang Kunmo, floated in the air. His eyes were bloodshot and filled with rage.

He was infuriated.

He had been here for so long, but Cao Cao hadn’t shown himself.

Could he have run away?

He had withheld his vengeance for decades. He was waiting for this day to avenge his beloved disciple, but he couldn’t find the enemy. How frustrating!

Zhang Kunmo turned his head to look at the Jade Pure Sect’s Main Peak. The lofty Main Peak had already been set on fire. Flames swept through the sky, creating a magnificent sight.

“Cult Leader should be ending it soon,” Zhang Kunmo muttered to himself. He could feel the aura of the Jade Pure Sect Elders rapidly weakening.

No one in the Jade Pure Sect could stop a Soul Formation cultivator!