Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 40: A Controversial Figure, A Terrifying Ninth Level Foundation Establishment Realm Cultivator

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

After bringing the Black Hell Chicken back to his cave abode, Han Jue tossed it aside and began to cultivate.

Initially, the Black Hell Chicken wanted to eat his flowers when it was hungry. However, it was sent flying by his Six Paths spirit energy and crashed into the wall. It cried out in pain.

That was close!

I almost killed it!

Han Jue had no choice but to pour his spirit energy into the Black Hell Chicken to guide it to absorb Spirit Qi.

After several days, the Black Hell Chicken finally got used to it.

Absorbing Spirit Qi could alleviate hunger. So, the Black Hell Chicken began enjoying cultivation.

Needless to say, the reincarnation of a demon saint was indeed impressive.

Although it had yet to complete its transformation and its intelligence had not matured, its instincts were still there.

If it didn’t meet Han Jue, the Black Hell Chicken would have been sent to the Ten Thousand Demon Realm, eaten by other demon beasts, and reincarnated again. It was unknown how many lifetimes it would take for it to regain the grace of a demon saint.

After the Black Hell Chicken started cultivating, Han Jue was relieved and continued cultivating.

The fifth level of the Nascent Soul realm was far from enough for him.

His goal was to reach the Soul Formation realm as soon as possible.

No.

I have to reach the Void Amalgamation realm soon!

Or rather, the Mahayana realm!

I need to reach the highest cultivation level in the mortal world. Then, I can finally be at ease.

...

Two years later.

Li Qingzi and the Great Grand Elder returned.

When they came to know that Old Immortal Daoist Thunder was a spy and had already been killed by Han Jue, they were appalled.

After Fairy Xi Xuan took out the evidence, the two of them became furious and cursed the Raincoat Sect for being shameless.

At the same time.

Han Jue was hosting Xing Hongxuan in his cave abode.

It had been a long time since he had seen Xing Hongxuan, and she had become even more attractive.

She was already at the eighth level of the Foundation Establishment realm. The speed at which she broke through was quite fast. She was already catching up to Chang Yue’er and Mo Zhu.

The treatment she received at Main Peak was indeed better than at the other eighteen peaks.

[The Sect Master has returned, and you have kept the Jade Pure Sect safe. You will obtain a spell manual and a bottle of Soul Formation realm cultivation pills.]

[Congratulations on obtaining the Wind God Technique.]

[Congratulations on obtaining a bottle of Soul Formation Realm Spirit Qi Gathering Pills.]

[Wind God Technique: Wind-type spell. You can ride the wind and travel between heaven and earth. It can also transform one’s body into wind.]

[Soul Formation Realm Spirit Qi Gathering Pill: A top-tier cultivation pill for Soul Formation realm cultivators. There’s a total of twelve pills.]

Han Jue smiled when he saw the five lines of words.

Xing Hongxuan began to plant the natural treasures she had gathered.

“These treasures were obtained when I was out adventuring. I brought them to you immediately. You will definitely need them.”

Xing Hongxuan smiled. She turned around and saw Han Jue smiling, and she felt a surge of sweetness in her heart.

It seemed that her husband was very happy about her arrival.

Han Jue started to chat with her.

Xing Hongxuan told him the story of how she went out to train, and Han Jue also learned about the cultivation world.

Last month, she went out to train with her seniors from the same peak. Coincidentally, she came across a battle between an orthodox sect, the Crimson Peak Sect, and a demonic path sect, Azure Dragon Sect. They helped fend off the cultivators from Azure Dragon Sect and Xing Hongxuan obtained a storage ring by chance. She later discovered that there were many treasures in it.

“What rank is the Jade Pure Sect in the cultivation world of Great Yan?” Han Jue asked.

Xing Hongxuan said in a low voice, “There are more than twenty sects in the Great Yan Cultivation World, including twelve orthodox sects. Jade Pure Sect should be among the top five.”

Eh?

Only the top five?

Han Jue was disappointed. No wonder we have so many enemies.

Xing Hongxuan shook her head and smiled. “Actually, most sects don’t have much of a difference in strength. They don’t have a true ranking.”

Han Jue nodded.

There were not that many rankings in the real Cultivation world. After all, there was no big data supporting it. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Xing Hongxuan seemed to recall something and continued, “Oh, right. Recently, a controversial figure has appeared in the cultivation world—Huang Jihao, from the Vermilion Bird Sword Sect. Back when he was at the Golden Core realm, he once killed an old Nascent Soul realm monster. He then became very famous. It has been a few hundred years, and his strength has probably reached the Soul Formation realm. Recently, he single-handedly fought his way into an orthodox sect, and no one could stop him.”

She frowned slightly and said, “I heard that Huang Jihao wants to challenge all the sects in the Great Yan Cultivation World. Will he come to us?”

Through Daoist Jingxu, she already knew that Han Jue was the Deity Slaying Elder. If Huang Jihao came, Han Jue would definitely have to face him.

Han Jue shook his head and thought, Why are there such battle maniacs everywhere?

To be able to challenge a sect alone, he should be very strong.

Han Jue cautiously asked, “Did Huang Jihao kill anyone while challenging the sect?”

Xing Hongxuan shook her head. “Not really. After all, the Vermilion Bird Sword Sect is also an orthodox sect.”

“Then, I’m relieved.”

Xing Hongxuan was confused.

The famous Deity Slaying Elder is still so afraid of death?

She thought it was funny, but she didn’t look down on Han Jue.

No one in the entire Jade Pure Sect had the right to look down on him.

After chatting for an hour, Xing Hongxuan left.

Han Jue continued to cultivate.

Xing Hongxuan, Mo Zhu, and Chang Yue’er would visit him every few years. They didn’t disturb him but simply chatted with him.

Han Jue gradually got used to such a life.

It would be nice to chat with them occasionally and learn more about the cultivation world from them.

At the same time, the Black Hell Chicken continued to grow.

...

A year later.

Han Jue habitually tested the area around the Jade Pure Sect.

[Ye Sanlang: Seventh level of the Nascent Soul Realm, Deacon of the Raincoat Sect]

Seventh-level Nascent Soul realm. Not bad.

Han Jue slowly got up and walked out of the cave.

The Black Hell Chicken looked up at him before continuing to cultivate.

Under Han Jue’s nurturing, it also started to enjoy cultivation.

Several kilometers away, in a forest.

A man dressed in the Daoist robe of the Jade Pure Sect was meditating under a tree. He had a handsome face and an evil aura between his brows.

It was indeed Ye Sanlang of the Raincoat Sect.

“Why isn’t Daoist Thunder here yet? Did something happen?” Third Junior Ye cursed.

He had been waiting for a month.

His patience was running out.

He even wanted to charge straight into Jade Pure Sect.

However, when he thought of the mysterious Deity Slaying Elder, he didn’t.

At this moment, Han Jue walked towards him from the woods.

Upon seeing him, Ye Sanlang immediately became alert.

He reached out with his divine senses.

Ninth level of the Foundation Establishment realm.

A puny ant!

Ye Sanlang continued to cultivate and pretended not to see Han Jue. In any case, he was wearing the Daoist robe of the Jade Pure Sect, so it would be suspicious if he ran away whenever he saw someone.

Who knew that Han Jue would walk right up to him.

Ye Sanlang frowned and asked, “Is there something you need?”

Han Jue transmitted his voice, “Are you Deacon Ye of the Raincoat Sect? I’m Old Immortal Daoist Thunder’s personal disciple. Recently, your activities have been bothering the Jade Pure Sect, so Master received many missions and has no time to visit you. So, he asked me to find you.”

Upon hearing this, Ye Sanlang frowned harder.

He suddenly struck out at Han Jue’s chest. A tyrannical spirit strength poured into Han Jue’s body.

Then...

With a boom...

Ye Sanlang was sent flying by the rebound and crashed into a tree.

Han Jue patted his chest and snorted in his head. I’m protected, how can you hit me? And you only have so much spirit energy?

The Golden Cicada’s Mystic Divine Robe did not have the ability to reflect attacks. It was Han Jue who used his Six Paths spirit energy to push out instinctively. How could Ye Sanlang’s mortal spirit energy resist?

“You...”

Ye Sanlang stood up, shocked and furious.

How can a ninth-level Foundation Establishment realm cultivator be so powerful?

Wait!

Could it be...

Ye Sanlang suddenly thought of someone and turned pale with fright. He turned around and tried to flee.

Just as he turned around, three sword shadows shot over like lightning, directly crushing his body.

In the blink of an eye, Ye Sanlang’s nascent soul abandoned his physical body and shot towards the horizon.

Extremely fast!

Han Jue immediately used the Wind God Technique and turned into a gust of wind to chase after him.

In less than three seconds, he caught up to Ye Sanlang. He raised his hand and executed the Major Chiliocosm Thunderstorm. The lightning that filled the sky transformed into a net to stop Ye Sanlang.