Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 57: Fourth-Grade Numinous Treasure, Successor of the Poison King

After a long while...

Han Jue opened his eyes and looked surprised.

There was a secret technique hidden within the wooden tablet.

Heavenly Puppet!

This kind of puppet was made of spiritual energy. Han Jue could create a puppet with the same cultivation level as him. The weakness was that the puppet didn’t last long enough. After the spiritual energy was exhausted, the puppet would stop moving until the next time spiritual energy was poured in again.

The Heavenly Puppet was not able to fight automatically. It required a trace of the user’s soul thought to control. It was similar to a clone, but the destruction of the Heavenly Puppet would not affect the creator.

Because there was no need for breathing, the Heavenly Puppet could be stored in his storage ring.

This was a good secret technique.

Han Jue could create some Heavenly Puppets for the people he wanted to protect.

Han Jue immediately stood up and said, “It’s indeed a good treasure. I’ll go back and cultivate first. I’ll look for you again after some time!”

With that, he vanished.

Xing Hongxuan was taken aback.

Her expression turned bitter.

However, on second thought, it must be a good treasure to make Han Jue so impatient.

She felt happy again.

He would definitely like her more now!

...

After returning to the Connate Cave Abode, Han Jue immediately started creating the Heavenly Puppet.

He mobilized his spiritual energy with both hands as if he was creating an invisible clay figure.

He was pleasantly surprised to find that using the Six Paths spirit energy to create the Heavenly Puppet was not an obstacle.

The inherited memories told him that the creation process of the Heavenly Puppet was very difficult. The difficulty was related to spiritual energy.

Under normal circumstances, it was difficult for spiritual energy to materialize, let alone create puppets.

However, according to the Heavenly Puppet secret technique, it was indeed possible. This was extremely miraculous.

At the same time, the secret technique to create a soul thought was rather rare and could be used on other techniques.

Soul thought was equivalent to having an extra pair of eyes.

Han Jue planned to create some Heavenly Puppets for Xing Hongxuan, Chang Yue’er, and Fairy Xi Xuan.

Oh.

One for his disciple, Yang Tiandong, as well.

The next time they encountered danger, his puppet would save their lives.

However, Han Jue still underestimated the difficulty of making the Heavenly Puppet.

It took a full year!

Han Jue had only created one Heavenly Puppet. Although it was not difficult to create, it was too cumbersome and required a lot of time and effort.

The newly formed Heavenly Puppet was already fully charged.

This puppet was like a wooden puppet with a crude appearance.

Han Jue didn’t dare to carve his face onto it. Wasn’t that just drawing attention to him?

Then, Han Jue flashed into Xing Hongxuan’s cave abode.

Still cultivating, she was shocked by Han Jue’s sudden appearance.

However, when she saw that it was him, she smiled happily again.

Han Jue immediately took out the Heavenly Puppet and said, “Put this puppet in your storage ring. No matter where you go in the future, you must bring it with you. At the critical moment, it can save your life.”

With that, he returned to the Connate Cave Abode.

Xing Hongxuan was pleasantly surprised as she looked at the Heavenly Puppet.

Its figure was very similar to Han Jue.

On the other side, Han Jue continued to create more Heavenly Puppets.

With the first experience, Han Jue created two more Heavenly Puppets in the next year.

The Heavenly Puppet was equivalent to his avatar. Apart from not having his Dharma treasures, it could unleash his true strength.

It was very powerful!

Han Jue had thought about creating an army.

However, after creating the three puppets, he dismissed the idea.

Creating a soul thought was equivalent to cutting off a piece of his soul. A few soul thoughts were fine, but a few dozen would be problematic!

Any more and his soul would be reduced to a remnant soul.

In addition, creating the Heavenly Puppet would delay his cultivation.

In the past two years, his cultivation level had not increased at all. If he was obsessed with creating Heavenly Puppets, wouldn’t that affect his true pursuit?

That wouldn’t do!

It would delay his cultivation!

Han Jue took a deep breath.

He put away the two puppets and left.

Su Qi was secretly curious. What were those two wooden puppets?

In the past two years, he had personally seen Han Jue create the Heavenly Puppets and felt that they were amazing.

He couldn’t figure it out and decided not to think about it.

Han Jue gave the two puppets to Chang Yue’er and Fairy Xi Xuan.

Chang Yue’er was pleasantly surprised and kept pestering him.

It took a long time for him to escape.

Fairy Xi Xuan was very calm about it. The two did not talk much.

One was passionate, while the other was cold.

Han Jue clicked his tongue in wonder.

Yang Tiandong followed the Sect Master and was always outside. He couldn’t be found for the time being.

Previously, he was still considering if he should refine a Heavenly Puppet for Mo Zhu. In the end, he heard from Chang Yue’er that Mo Zhu had already headed to the secret hall.

The secret hall was the Ancient Mystic Realm that Daoist Nine Cauldrons had discovered. He had created a new location for the sect inside, and the Spirit Qi there was richer than that of the inner sect. To join the secret hall, one had to be an elite disciple at the very least.

In other words, the Jade Pure Sect now had a new hierarchy.

The secret hall, the inner sect’s eighteen peaks, and the outer sect!

The Ancient Mystic Realm had yet to be fully explored, so only the secret hall was the safest. The inner sect had a teleportation formation leading there.

However, the concentration of spiritual energy in the secret hall was not comparable to Han Jue’s mountain.

So, he was too lazy to move over.

Back in the cave abode, Han Jue perked up and started cultivating.

In the blink of an eye, three years passed.

Three lines of words suddenly appeared in front of Han Jue.

[You are already 200 years old. You have already lived for a long time. You have the following choices for your future cultivation:]

[1: Cultivate in a low profile manner, just like you did in the first part of your life. Cultivate quietly and don’t fight for fame and fortune. From now on, the rewards will favor keeping a low profile. You can obtain a Numinous Treasure.]

[2: Cultivate in a high-profile manner, become a prodigy, and become famous throughout the world. From now on, the rewards will be more focused on cultivating in a high-profile manner. You can obtain equipment, a spell technique manual, and a Mystical Power inheritance.]

Unknowingly, Han Jue was already 200 years old.

Time truly passed quickly.

Han Jue didn’t hesitate and chose the first option.

A prodigy of a generation? Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

It sounded great, but he refused to accept it!

My aptitude is so amazing already, why should I be high-profile?

When I reach the Great Dao, won’t I be able to travel the world more freely?

Han Jue thought proudly.

[You chose to cultivate in a low profile manner and obtained a Numinous Treasure.]

[Congratulations on obtaining a fourth-grade Numinous Treasure—Frost Lord’s Glazed Crown]

[Frost Lord’s Glazed Crown: Fourth-grade defensive Numinous Treasure. It can reflect all attacks below the Void Amalgamation Realm, except for some special Mystical Powers. It can effectively defend against soul and consciousness attacks.]

Another defensive Numinous Treasure!

The system knows me well! Han Jue thought in surprise.

He immediately took out the Frost Lord’s Glazed Crown and began to connect with it using his blood.

This crown was very cool-looking, being purple-blue in color, and looked very exquisite.

From now on, Han Jue was armed with Numinous Treasures from head to toe. He was armed to the extreme. Nobody at the Soul Formation realm could hurt him at all!

As for the Void Amalgamation Realm, they could forget about instantly killing him!

Su Qi noticed the Glazed Crown and his eyes widened.

It was his first time seeing such a handsome crown.

After half a day, Han Jue finally made the Frost Lord’s Glazed Crown recognize him as its master.

He put the crown on, feeling more secure.

Han Jue continued cultivating happily.

...

Another five years passed.

Daoist Nine Cauldrons left with a group of disciples and headed overseas.

Before leaving, Chang Yue’er came to bid him farewell.

It took Han Jue a long time to send this crying senior sister away.

After Daoist Nine Cauldrons left, Han Jue became bored. He used the simulation trial to check the person with the highest cultivation in the Jade Pure Sect other than him.

[Li Qianlong: Fifth level of the Soul Formation Realm, the successor of the Poison King]