Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 675 Two Hundred Thousand Years Old

A thousand years passed. Han Jue originally wanted to enter seclusion until his 200,000th birthday, but considering that Li Xuan’ao had been waiting outside the Dao Field for a long time, he still stopped cultivating.

He moved him into the Daoist temple.

Li Xuan’ao waited for more than ten years and finally saw Han Jue. He heaved a sigh of relief.

He didn’t think too much about it. He knew that Han Jue was used to going into seclusion for a thousand years. Before the thousand years were up, even a Sage could forget about seeing him.

“Sect Master, now that the Hidden Sect…”

Li Xuan’ao began to report the situation. The number of outer disciples had already exceeded ten million. There was a threshold for the Hidden Sect to recruit disciples. They had to be at least a Grand Unity Heaven Immortal. Apart from recruiting disciples, many Sage Sects and races also took the initiative to express their goodwill.

During this period of time, many geniuses appeared among the Hidden Sect disciples outside the Hundred Peak Immortal River.

This was the Heavenly Dao. It seemed to be inferior to the Deity Realm of the Ruins of End, but it had a deep foundation and often produced geniuses. The Great Dao Sages in the Deity Realm of the Ruins of End were also once Heavenly Dao living beings. Now, they could even compare to some Chaotic Fiendcelestials. It was enough to show the potential of the Heavenly Dao living beings. Li Xuan’ao wanted to recommend some talented disciples to cultivate in the Hundred Peak Immortal River. The Spirit Qi in the Dao Field was richer than all the Holy Lands in the Immortal World. Even if Han Jue didn’t preach the Dao, it was still a huge opportunity. Han Jue didn’t refuse and gave Li Xuan’ao a hundred spots. Actually, the Hundred Peak Immortal River was very big, but he wanted to create the illusion that the quota was very tight and let Li Xuan’ao choose the most outstanding disciples. The disciples who entered would also cherish the opportunity and work harder.

Li Xuan’ao was very excited after receiving the answer.

A hundred spots! He was confident that he could choose a hundred geniuses with at least Zenith Heaven potential, or even Pseudo-Sages!

He was very excited at the thought that a hundred Zenith Heavens would rise in the future because of his promotion. He was also a Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal, but he was far inferior to Li Daokong. He felt that it was very difficult to improve, so he wanted to focus on managing the Hidden Sect and fight for himself in another aspect. Han Jue and Li Xuan’ao were very satisfied. After Li Xuan’ao left, Han Jue continued cultivating and prepared to welcome his 200,000th birthday. The current Immortal World could be said to be flourishing. The Calamity Race had already fused with the Heavenly Dao. More and more mortal worlds were born. Under the instructions of the Sages, more and more sects and races began to explore the Dark Forbidden Zone.

Although the Dark Forbidden Zone was empty, too many experts had died there over the years. This was an opportunity. In addition, there were also some secret realms and dimensional spaces hidden in the Dark Forbidden Zone. They were all things that were helpful for the development of a faction.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

To Sages, such an arrangement could help the Heavenly Dao understand the chaos more effectively and even know some potential enemies in advance.

Although there were battles in the Immortal World, the overall situation was very peaceful. In such a golden age, cultivation talent was the easiest to stand out. Without battles, geniuses could grow better. Many geniuses also appeared on the Heavenly Dao Providence Board. Time passed. A thousand years later. Words appeared in front of Han Jue.

(Detected that you are already 200,000 years old and your life has taken another step forward. You have the following choices:]

(1: Leave the Heavenly Dao immediately and spread the name of the Primordial Fiendcelestial in the chaos. You can obtain a Great Dao fragment, a Heavenly Dao Spirit Stone, a Creation Spirit Stone, a chance to upgrade the Dao Field, a Mystical Power inheritance, and a Supreme Treasure.]

[2: Cultivate in a low profile manner and stay away from the chaos. You can obtain a Great Dao fragment, a Creation Spirit Stone, and a Supreme Treasure.)

As expected of a choice that could only be triggered once every hundred thousand years. The reward was still very generous. Han Jue maintained his original intention and silently chose the second option. (You chose to cultivate in a low profile manner and stay away from the chaos. You obtained a Great Dao fragment, a Creation Spirit Stone, and a Supreme Treasure.) [Congratulations on obtaining the Chaotic Supreme Treasure—Time Dao Robe) (Time Dao Robe: Defensive Chaotic Supreme Treasure. A defensive Supreme Treasure condensed from the power of time. It can defend against attacks from Great Dao existences.) Defend against the attack of Great Dao existences? Han Jue was delighted!

He liked defensive Dharma treasures the most. Pan Xin’s 36th-grade Chaotic Green Lotus made him extremely envious.

Apart from that, he had already accumulated eight Great Dao fragments. He was only missing one more to comprehend a Great Dao Mystical Power. In addition to the Creation Spirit Stone, he could nurture another Chaotic Fiendcelestial. He was naturally happy.

What a harvest!

Han Jue immediately took out the Time Dao Robe and prepared to make it recognize him as its master.

The Time Dao Robe was very gorgeous. The inner layer was a white robe with the patterns of the Great Dao. It was silver-blue and mysterious. The outer layer was covered in Dao light that was like a light veil, bright and resplendent. After spending a few years, Han Jue finally refined the forty-nine layers of restrictions in the Time Dao Robe and completely controlled this Supreme Treasure.

This method was different from other Dharma treasures, but to Han Jue, it was not difficult. After putting on the robe, Han Jue felt even more handsome.

He retracted his Freedom Divine Light and the divine light of the Sun and Moon Yin-Yang Protection, revealing his peerless appearance. In the past, he felt that the divine light all over his body was very impressive. Now, he was a little tired of it. No wonder even an existence like the ancestor had returned to his original state.

Han Jue started the simulation trial.

His opponent was still Pan Xin.

He stood and let Pan Xin slash him. After an hour, Han Jue finally felt bored. Pan Xin couldn’t break through his defense at all! Han Jue continued to challenge Ancestor Xitian. The ancestor was also unable to break through his defense, but Han Jue couldn’t kill him either. He could only say that there was a fifty-fifty chance. Han Jue experienced the feeling of Pan Xin facing a group of Great Dao Sages. It was really satisfying. Han Jue continued to change opponents. He discovered that all the experts in the simulation trial could not break through the Time Dao Robe’s defense.

Sigh.

It was so lonely to be invincible. Han Jue felt that he was too arrogant, but his opponent was only like this. He had no choice. He placed his attention on the Fiendcelestial Qi in the Primordial World and began to choose the Chaotic Fiendcelestial he was about to nurture. “If I nurture the Strength Fiendcelestial, will Pangu notice?” Han Jue asked in his mind.

[200 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]

Continue!

He was mainly asking about the Strength Fiendcelestial and not Pangu himself.

(Yes]

Han Jue immediately dismissed this thought. He couldn’t provoke Pangu for the time being! Han Jue finally decided to use the Creation Spirit Stone on the Time Fiendcelestial.

The Time Fiendcelestial was a Fiendcelestial Dharma idol that he had comprehended a long time ago. The law of Time was also extremely powerful among the three thousand Great Dao. In the future, he might be able to use the Time Fiendcelestial to help him.

The creation process required time. Han Jue focused on Xing Hongxuan next door. Her abdomen had already swelled slightly, but she still didn’t look pregnant. That brat was still in her womb. Han Jue finally understood. The Connate Primordial Fiendcelestial was different from the Postnatal Primordial Fiendcelestial, just like the difference between the Heavenly Constellation Fiendcelestial and Murong Qi.

Han Jue was a Postnatal Primordial Fiendcelestial who had transformed. Han Tuo was still in the process of transformation. He looked forward to his youngest son’s talent after he was born.

To prevent any accidents, he decided to give Xing Hongxuan an Absolute Purification every few days to prevent some supernatural existences from plotting against him.