Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 678 Two Sages of the Hidden Sect!

The Sages argued for several days about the two Sage Seats, but it was still undecided.

Ever since the Sages united, all of them had contributed to the Heavenly Dao and had made many contributions. They had reasons and qualifications to fight for it.

After Han Jue returned to the Hundred Peak Immortal River, he entered cultivation.

Although no one in the Heavenly Dao was his match, he still had to maintain his previous cultivation attitude and not slack off. Time passed quickly. In the blink of an eye, five thousand years passed. The Immortal World had already changed greatly. Not only the Immortal World, but even the Dark Forbidden Zone had become lively. The Human Race had already become a Heavenly Dao Race, but they lacked a Sage to publicly announce that their providence had already surpassed all the races. It had to be said that the Human Race’s tenacity was indeed powerful, and so was their potential. Perhaps the Human Race was not as powerful as the other races when they were born, but in terms of cultivation, they were far ahead.

It would take thousands of years for the other races to transform. After such a long period of peace, the number of living beings in the Immortal World and the myriad worlds had already far exceeded the past. It was even greater than the eve of the calamity. Especially after the joining of the Calamity Race, the number of living beings was already the highest since ancient times.

The news of two more Sages Seats had already spread in the Immortal World. For a time, the Heavenly Dao Providence Board became chaotic again. The Hidden Sect’s development was also extremely smooth. The number of in-name disciples had already exceeded a hundred million. This was even under Li Xuan’ao’s deliberate restraint. Otherwise, the number would be even more exaggerated. On this day.

Han Jue ended his seclusion and began to preach the Dao to the disciples in the Hundred Peak Immortal River.

As his cultivation level increased, his preaching also slowed down. However, the disciples had no objections. After all, they had already heard too much.

However, the new hundred genius disciples were very excited. They had been here for thousands of years and had finally heard the Sage preach the Dao. The Great Dao of Extreme Origin covered the entire Hundred Peak Immortal River, allowing all the disciples to quickly enter a state of Dao comprehension.

This lecture lasted for a hundred years.

After the lecture, Han Juels gaze landed on the hundred geniuses sent by Li Xuan’ao. Their potential was indeed very strong. After a lecture, most people broke through a major realm. Han Jue was only slightly satisfied and not surprised. Not to mention a Pseudo-Sage, only the birth of a Hidden Sect Sage could surprise him. Han Jue came to the second Dao Field and released the born Time Fiendcelestial to let Murong Qi receive him.

The Time Fiendcelestial transformed into a human. His face was cold and his silver hair draped over his shoulders.

Looking at this new Fiendcelestial, Murong Qi was secretly shocked.

Wasn’t Grandmaster creating the Chaotic Fiendcelestials too fast?

After the two of them left, Han Jue turned to Ren Gang and Yin Hongchen.

The two of them were still in the Reincarnation Space and were already Immortal Emperors. Their potential was neither strong nor bad. To their foundation, it was already very outstanding.

Han Jue was hesitating if he should take them in now.

Once they entered the second Dao Field, they couldn’t go out again. Han Jue couldn’t be sure if they were prepared. Han Jue calculated. The karma between the two of them was still quite complicated recently. They didn’t continue cultivating. He decided to release them again. In any case, he had already nurtured several Chaotic Fiendcelestials. There was still Yang Du and Guan Bubai queuing up ahead. Even if Ren Gang and Yin Hongchen entered the second Dao Field, they couldn’t immediately become Chaotic Fiendcelestials.

Han Jue paid attention to the Han family next.

The Han family established by Han Yu was already extremely powerful in the Earth Immortal World and had obtained the help of the Reincarnation Space. Immortal Emperor Samsara knew Han Yu’s relationship with Han Jue just by looking at his face, so he tried his best to help. Han Jue had no feelings for the Han family and only wanted to take a look. After observing the Han family for a while and not finding any outstanding prodigies, Han Jue returned to the main Dao Field.

He sat on the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus and began to check his emails. (Your good friend Divine Lord Peacock was attacked by an Inauspicious Evil) x580032133

(Your good friend Divine Lord Peacock was attacked by a mysterious mighty figure and was severely injured.) (Your son Han Tuo has been reborn. His bloodline potential was stimulated.] (Your good friend Huang Zuntian has received guidance from your good friend Sect Master Tian Jue. His cultivation has increased greatly.) (Your good friend Zhang Guxing has entered the Dark Forbidden Zone.)

[Your grand-disciple Fang Liang’s soul has transcended into the primordial era.)

(Your good friend Zhou Fan has received guidance from your enemy, the Seven Dao Sage. He has used his strength to attain the Dao.]

Han Jue frowned and checked Zhou Fan’s information.

Early-stage Primordial Chaos Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal Realm! Good kid! He actually attained the Dao without saying a word!

Han Jue hadn’t paid attention to Zhou Fan for a long time. He didn’t expect him to be targeted by the Seven Dao Sage. Fortunately, Zhou Fan’s favorability toward him didn’t decrease. Thinking of Zhou Fan, Han Jue sighed. Zhou Fan was definitely the most stubborn person he had ever seen. Along the way, how many times had he revived and transformed?

Han Jue’s help was not the biggest factor. The Seven Dao Sage was Zhou Fan’s true backer. Zhou Fan was no longer in the Immortal World. He had probably bumped into the Seven Dao Sage in the Dark Forbidden Zone. Han Jue wasn’t worried that Zhou Fan would betray him. On the contrary, he wanted to see what Zhou Fan would choose in the future. As the Heavenly Dao became stronger, more and more people went to the Dark Forbidden Zone to explore. The Great Dao Sages seemed to have temporarily given up on targeting the Heavenly Dao. The only one who suffered was Divine Lord Peacock.

Divine Lord Peacock was still being chased by the Inauspicious Divine Emperor. Han Jue couldn’t care less about him and could only watch. “I, the Sect Master of the Jie School, Huang Zuntian, have attained the Dao today. I will definitely lead the Jie School to a higher peak and also create more opportunities for all living beings in the Heavenly Dao!”

A voice suddenly resounded through the myriad worlds. Han Jue was stunned. How did this fellow become a Sage?

Although the Sages were fighting for two positions, without the Primordial Purple Qi, how could they attain the Dao? They only decided on the spots first.

Han Jue checked Huang Zuntian’s information. He discovered that this fellow was indeed a Heavenly Dao Sage! Could it be that Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du had already obtained two Primordial Purple Qi before discussing it with the other Sages? It was very likely! Han Jue looked up. Outside the 33rd Heaven, Huang Zuntian was opening a Dao Field. The Sages went to congratulate him. Even Pan Xin wanted to rope him in. Huang Zuntian was Han Jue’s spy. Now that Sect Master Tian Jue was also enslaved by him, he was not worried about Huang Zuntian’s situation at all.

Their relationship could still be hidden. Perhaps there would be a miraculous effect in the future!

This time, the Hidden Sect had produced two Sages!

At the same time.

Huang Zuntian was exchanging pleasantries with the Sages. He looked calm on the surface, but he was extremely excited inside. “Master, did you see that? I’ve also attained the

Dao!”Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Huang Zuntian discovered that only Han Jue didn’t appear. This meant that Han Jue wanted his undercover mission to continue, so he didn’t become arrogant.

In his opinion, he could already show his cards! Han Jue, Li Daokong, Fang Liang, and him were four Sages. They were enough to affect the entire circle of Sages. However, he could also understand Han Jue’s caution. He had always been like this.

Emperor Xiao and Pan Xin were especially enthusiastic about Huang Zuntian and even invited him to be a guest. This was completely slapping Sect Master Tian Jue’s face. However, Sect Master Tian Jue returned to cultivate after greeting him. Ever since he submitted to Han Jue, Sect Master Tian Jue’s ambitions had changed to cultivation.

He hoped to become stronger so that he could help Han Jue.