Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 696 Heavenly Dao Divine Soul, Primordial World Overlord Body

Tian Yong said helplessly, “I still can’t understand why we’re looking for him. His potential is indeed strong, but he’s really too weak. If he joins us, he has to have a certain level of strength. How can he not have his own growth stage?”

The current Immortal World did not lack prodigies.

There was always someone better.

Han Yu smiled. “He’s different.”

“Different in what way?”

“You will understand in the future.”

Tian Yong curled his lips, feeling that Han Yu was biased.

At this moment, a golden light soared into the sky and pierced through the sea of clouds. In the pillar of light, a dragon soared into the sky and rose in front of Han Yu and the other person.

The two of them looked over with stunned expressions.

Qin Ling’s halberd lifted the gray-robed Daoist up and blood splattered all over the ground.

The gray-robed Daoist’s chest was pierced. His eyes widened in shock.

Qin Ling was also stunned. He hurriedly put down the golden halberd and looked nervously at the gray-robed Daoist. “Are you alright?” Qin Ling helped the gray-robed Daoist to sit down.

He was only sparring and did not want to kill anyone.

The gray-robed Daoist immediately pulled out his halberd and meditated on the spot, circulating his energy to heal his injuries.

Qin Ling was extremely nervous.

The gray-robed Daoist was shocked and felt more aggrieved and embarrassed.

He had almost been killed!

If Qin Ling had not stopped in time, he would have been split into two by the golden halberd.

The gray-robed Daoist wished he could find a hole to hide in.

He no longer had the face to take in a disciple. He only wanted to leave as soon as possible.

At this moment, a figure suddenly landed.

It was Tian Yong.

Tian Yong was the reincarnation of the son of the Calamity Race’s Heavenly Calamity Emperor. His potential was terrifying and he had obtained Han Yu’s inheritance. He had long surpassed the Immortal Realm.

He looked down at Qin Ling and said, “Take me as your master!”

His tone was unquestionable!

Qin Ling frowned.

The gray-robed Daoist was furious.

He had just been injured and was about to be intercepted?

Tian Yong raised his right hand and made a grabbing gesture. A tall mountain dozens of kilometers away suddenly rose. Dust rose into the sky and shook the world.

The gray-robed Daoist and Qin Ling were stunned.

Tian Yong clenched his right hand and the peak shattered.

Qin Ling widened his eyes.

The gray-robed Daoist was also shocked.

That peak was at least ten thousand feet tall. He didn’t know how to move mountains and seas like this!

Tian Yong said expressionlessly, “Kneel down and acknowledge me as your master.”

Qin Ling clenched his fists and gritted his teeth.

Tian Yong said disdainfully, “What? You’re not convinced?”

Qin Ling gritted his teeth. “My home is

gone!”

Tian Yong was stunned and looked embarrassed.

He coughed and could no longer put on airs. “Disciple, follow me in the future. You and your mother don’t have to hide in the mountains.”

Qin Ling was silent.

He did want to go out for a walk.

Time passed quickly.

Han Jue opened his eyes again. Another five thousand years passed.

His state became more and more ethereal. His eyes were profound as if they contained countless indescribable, wonderful techniques.

“Soon,” Han Jue muttered to himself. His eyes finally revealed excitement, causing him to regain a trace of humanity.

He opened the emails. To him, five thousand years was very fast, but in the mortal world, it was a new era.

(Your good friend Divine Lord Peacock was cursed by a mysterious curse.]

(Your good friend Evil Heavenly Emperor controls the power of darkness.)

(Your good friend Empress Houtu was attacked by a mysterious Dao Devil) x8290211

[Your son Han Tuo has entered the Great Dao Trial Ground.]

[Your good friend Pan Xin has entered the Ancient Desolate.]

(Your descendant Han Yu has learned a Heavenly Dao Mystical Power.]

(Your good friend Ancestor Xitian was attacked by a mysterious mighty figure. His soul fell into the cycle of the Great Dao and is enduring all the suffering in the world.]

(Your good friend Huang Zuntian has obtained the power of origin. His cultivation has increased greatly.]

Pan Xin had actually left the Heavenly Dao! What was this fellow trying to do? Han Jue frowned, worried that Pan Xin would attract enemies.

Looking down, Ancestor Xitian’s encounter made him sigh.

However, the Chaotic Consciousness was too powerful and Han Jue couldn’t help.

Should he curse?

However, that would cause endless trouble. Han Jue felt that his identity as the Dark Forbidden Lord was easily exposed. At least, his enemies thought that he was related to the Dark Forbidden Lord.

“Can the Chaotic Consciousness barge into my Dao Field?” Han Jue asked in his mind. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

(1 quadrillion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?)

Continue!

(Yes]

Han Jue could only apologize to Ancestor Xitian.

The two of them were not on good terms. He naturally did not have to risk his life for Ancestor Xitian. Moreover, it was useless even if he risked his life now.

Han Jue continued to read the emails.

After reading all the emails, he looked at the Immortal World.

The current Immortal World was extremely exciting. It was unknown if it was because of the Sages, but prodigies were prevalent now. All kinds of legends and rankings regarding prodigies were spread throughout the various regions. Their glory even covered the mighty figures of the world.

Han Jue suddenly saw Han Yu’s providence appear on the Heavenly Dao Providence Board. He had already entered the top hundred.

Apart from the providence of the Human Race, there was also a strange providence on him. Even he couldn’t see it clearly.

Han Jue pinched his fingers to deduce and revealed a strange expression.

This strange providence came from one of Han Yu’s karma, his grand-disciple, Qin Ling. Qin Ling had cultivated for five hundred years and already had the cultivation of an Immortal Emperor. His cultivation speed was even more terrifying than Han Jue’s.

VILTI

Han Jue deduced Qin Ling’s background.

He could not deduce it!

Interesting!

Han Jue had no choice but to use the derivation function.

“I want to know Qin Ling’s background!”

(Ten million years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]

Continue!

His value was a little high!

At least for an Immortal Emperor.

A line of words appeared in front of him.

(Qin Ling: Rank Three Immortal Emperor, Heavenly Dao Divine Soul, Primordial World Overlord Body, Ancestral Dragon providence, Son of the Immeasurable Calamity, Son of Heaven and Earth]

There were so many Connate providence traits?

Han Jue raised his eyebrows. This was even more impressive than his opening.

Could this be the Son of the Immeasurable Calamity that Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du mentioned?

Why was he under Han Yu?

Han Jue pinched his fingers again and deduced that the origin of this karma came from Li Daokong.

It turned out that Li Daokong had discovered Qin Ling’s extraordinariness and asked Han Yu to accept him.

Qin Ling’s appearance was actually noticed by the other Sages. Pan Xin happened to leave the Heavenly Dao and head to the Ancient Desolate, so he missed it. Li Daokong attacked immediately. The Sages who were on good terms with Han Jue tacitly agreed to support him. Emperor Xiao and Jin Shen were afraid of offending Han Jue, so they could only let go.

Although Qin Ling was extraordinary, he had yet to show the providence of the Son of the Immeasurable Calamity. The Sages did not have the system to distinguish it. Countless geniuses in the Immortal World caused phenomena when they were born.

The reason why Qin Ling attracted the attention of the Sages was because of the initiative of a five-clawed golden dragon.

This five-clawed golden dragon was not simple. It had always been hiding in the depths of the Immortal World and had lived for countless years. Tracing its origin, it could be attributed to the Primordial Dragon Race.

Han Jue began to observe Qin Ling.

Qin Ling was cultivating on Buzhou Divine Mountain. His blood essence was powerful and his aura was imposing.

Han Jue nodded.

Han Yu was not bad. The disciples and grand-disciples he took in were all extraordinary. They all had powerful backgrounds.

As long as Han Yu did not act recklessly, he could dominate the heavens in the future just by relying on his disciples.

No matter what, Qin Ling was also a member of the Hidden Sect. It was a good thing.

Many geniuses also appeared in the Hidden Sect outside the Hundred Peak Immortal River, but there was a missing person among the outer sect disciples.

Apart from talent, a true prodigy also had to be famous!

What was fame? It was the reputation of stepping on other people’s corpses!