Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 717 Three Hundred Thousand Years Old

“What if the Dark Forbidden Lord is here? Will we give up on attacking the Heavenly Dao?” the smaller figure asked in a low voice in a rather dissatisfied tone.

The other figure was silent for a moment before saying, “Wait for my instructions. The current situation in the Chaos is unpredictable. Many old things that have lived in seclusion for countless years have appeared. We have to investigate who is behind the Heavenly Dao to avoid provoking an existence we can’t afford to offend.”

The smaller figure was silent.

They watched for a while more before disappearing.

On the other side.

Outside the 33rd Heaven.

In the Universal Hall, Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du and Pan Xin sat opposite each other.

Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du’s expression darkened as he asked, “Really?”

Pan Xin nodded. “I don’t know who spread the rumors. They said that if the Heavenly Dao continues to develop, Pangu will definitely revive. It’s said that the twelve Ancestral Magi have already revived. Empress Houtu has also joined them and created a world in the Chaos to rebuild the Magus Race, causing the credibility of this rumor to increase greatly. Many factions have already appeared in the Chaotic Heavenly Road. I wonder when they will attack the Heavenly Dao.”

Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du fell into deep thought.

Pan Xin continued, “Recently, an existence calling itself Life appeared in the chaos and captured many Heavenly Dao living beings. He probably wants to use them to infiltrate the Immortal World. This should be a fake identity, and we can’t deduce the karma, but he can completely hide it. This person’s Mystical Power can’t be underestimated. Furthermore, he’s still recruiting troops with the intention of targeting the Heavenly Dao.”

Life?

Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du frowned.

After a long while…

He slowly said, “I will try to find out about this Life with Teacher. During this period of time, you still have to take care of the Chaotic Heavenly Road. Don’t run around.”

Pan Xin nodded, then stood up and left. In two steps, he disappeared without a trace. Looking in the direction he left, Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du frowned again.

Pan Xin was being too abnormal!

He was completely different from before, making him very uncomfortable.

It was unknown how Han Jue subdued him.

Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du did not think too much about it. Instead, he began to cast a spell and contacted his master.

More than two thousand years later.

Han Jue was still cultivating when lines of words suddenly appeared in front of him.

[Detected that you are already 300,000 years old and your life has taken another step forward. You have the following choices:]

(1: Exit seclusion immediately and shock the Chaos. You can obtain a Great Dao Fragment, a Heavenly Dao Spirit Stone, and a Supreme Treasure.]

[2: Cultivate in a low-profile manner and stay away from trouble. You can obtain a Great Dao Fragment and a Creation Spirit Stone.) Han Jue sighed. He was already three hundred thousand years old.

Time was truly heartless.

Han Tuo was also more than 200,000 years old. In that case, they were more like brothers.

Cough!

What was he thinking!

Han Jue silently chose the second option to expand the Fiendcelestial Army.

(You chose to cultivate in a low-profile manner and stay away from trouble. You obtained a Great Dao Fragment and a Creation Spirit Stone.)

Han Jue took out the Creation Spirit Stone and his consciousness entered the Primordial World. He began to choose the Fiendcelestial

Qi.

In the end, he chose the Void Fiendcelestial and fused the Creation Spirit Stone with its Fiendcelestial Qi.

Then, he threw himself into cultivation.

This time, he planned to enter seclusion for ten thousand years to test the waters.

He wanted to see if it was possible for him to stay in seclusion for ten thousand years at once.

Han Jue quickly immersed himself in the Great Dao of Extreme Origin. Thousands of thoughts exploded in his mind, creating countless things and depicting the scene of the Great Dao more and more.

In the vast starry sky, countless figures swarmed towards a huge Chaotic Beast. This Chaotic Beast was like a huge turtle. Above the turtle shell was a mountain covered in trees. The fruits on these trees were actually Dharma treasures of all kinds. They were dazzling and beautiful.

Chu Shiren stood on a rock and watched the chaotic battle from afar. He saw the greed and cruelty of the cultivators.

He couldn’t help but sigh.

After leaving the Heavenly Dao, he discovered that the Chaos was even crueler than he had imagined. He originally thought that it would be very difficult to encounter human traces, but he discovered that it was not the case. Wherever there was an opportunity, there would be cultivators fighting. Some came from the Heavenly Dao, some from the Deity Realm of the Ruins of End, and some from other Chaotic Worlds.

Beside Chu Shiren stood a masked woman with a graceful figure. She smiled and asked, “What? Are you afraid? You don’t dare to snatch it?”

Hearing this, Chu Shiren said calmly, “Why snatch? If you snatch something from others today, they will try to snatch something from you tomorrow. Only by letting go can you obtain the Dao.”

The masked woman rolled her eyes at him and did not say anything else.

At this moment, a dragon roar sounded, suppressing all the sounds of fighting.

All the cultivators turned their heads to look. In the depths of the darkness, space shattered. A golden dragon charged out with unstoppable force. On the dragon’s head stood a man in silver armor. Behind the dragon were countless Heavenly Troops with a terrifying aura.

“It’s the Heavenly Court!”

“He’s stepping on a golden dragon and wearing silver armor. That’s Heavenly Court’s Divine General Han!” a cultivator exclaimed. The tens of thousands of cultivators surrounding the Chaotic Beast quickly dispersed.

Divine General Han? Chu Shiren’s gaze landed on Han Tuo, and he couldn’t help but be stunned.

He pinched his fingers to deduce with a strange expression.

He couldn’t deduce Han Tuo because he had already attained the Dao.

However, Han Tuo looked very similar to Han Jue. He had previously learned from the Myriad Worlds Projection that Han Jue had a son named Han Tuo who was now following the Heavenly Court in battle.

Could it be this Divine General Han?

Han Tuo felt Chu Shiren’s gaze and glanced over, startling him.

“Eh?”

Han Tuo saw the karma on Chu Shiren at a glance. He was a Hidden Sect disciple.

A Pseudo-Sage was probably a personal disciple of his father.

Han Tuo shouted, “This is the Heavenly Court’s affairs. Hurry up and retreat. Otherwise, we’ll kill you all!”

The domineering declaration made all the cultivators stay away from the Chaotic Beasts. No one dared to complain.

The Heavenly Court’s reputation had long resounded through the Chaos. The three Divine Generals were terrifying existences who had killed countless people.

Han Tuo approached the Chaotic Beast.

The Chaotic Beast let out a low roar and wanted to escape. Han Tuo raised his hand, and his Dharmic powers transformed into chains that wrapped around the huge Chaotic Beast, preventing it from moving.

Han Tuo suddenly glanced at Chu Shiren and sent a voice transmission, “Come over and choose three Dharma treasures. Choose whatever you want.”

Chu Shiren was stunned.

Han Tuo waited quietly with his back facing him.

Looking at his back, Chu Shiren suddenly thought of Han Jue.

It was too similar.

Chu Shiren did not hesitate and immediately flew over.

The masked woman hurriedly asked, “Don’t go over! They’re from the Heavenly Court!”

Chu Shiren ignored her and quickly flew towards the Chaotic Beast.

The Heavenly Troops wanted to stop him, but Han Tuo raised his hand and told them not to move.

The cultivators in the distance all stared at Chu Shiren, not knowing what he wanted to do.

Soon, Chu Shi chose three Supreme Treasures.

Whoosh

All the cultivators were shocked.

Who was this person?

He still dared to choose a treasure in front of the Heavenly Court, and the Heavenly Court did not stop him! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Chu Shiren came in front of Han Tuo and cupped his fists. “Thank you.”

A smile appeared on Han Tuo’s serious face. “We’re all disciples of the same family. There’s no need to be so polite. Follow me first. You can leave after you completely control these three Dharma treasures to avoid being targeted by the thieves.”

Chu Shiren hesitated for a moment before nodding in agreement.