Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 723 Calamity Life Controller, Descendant of Pangu

[Li Daokong: Mid-stage Primordial Chaos Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal, Calamity Life Controller, First Guardian of the Hidden Sect, Immeasurable Emperor, Perfect Sword Immortal, successor of the Dao Ancestor. He has inherited all the teachings of the three schools of the Dao Sect. Because you have grasped the Heavenly Sword Dao, he is interested in you. Current favorability: 6 stars]

Calamity Life Controller?

What happened to him?

Han Jue frowned. He had no choice but to use the derivation function to ask what a Calamity Life Controller was.

(1 trillion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]

Continue!

(Calamity Life Controller: Great Dao Providence Divine Authority, just like the Connate providence of the Heavenly Dao. Other than identity, it is also a form of authority, a divine authority that can stir the calamity and not be affected by karma.]

Great Dao Divine Authority?

Han Jue thought of the Chaotic Deities. Could it be that they all grasped a Great Dao Providence Divine Authority?

Then, Han Jue sent a dream to Li Daokong.

The dream quickly formed.

Han Jue saw Li Daokong in the void. The latter was dressed in black and his black hair was naturally disheveled. He had a cold expression, and a black sword pattern could be seen between his eyebrows.

The current Li Daokong did not look like a good person.

Li Daokong opened his eyes, his pupils overflowing with killing intent.

Seeing that it was Han Jue, his killing intent instantly retracted.

Li Daokong said in surprise, “Sect Master, you sensed that something happened to me?”

Han Jue usually didn’t look for him.

According to the time, Han Jue should have just finished his seclusion. He sent a dream to him so quickly, which meant that he was really worried about him.

Li Daokong was touched.

Han Jue usually looked distant and calm to everyone, but he would never hide when they encountered trouble.

Zhou Fan had described Han Jue’s shocking move to them in the Myriad Worlds Projection.

Han Jue said, “Tell me.”

Li Daokong spoke truthfully. In order to obtain information about Life, he was deliberately provoked by a mysterious enemy. In the end, he and Shi Dudao were quickly defeated by the other party. When he woke up again, Li Daokong came to a special space. He was the only one in the space. He was soaked in a pool and his body and soul were modified by a strange force. He could not move.

Li Daokong could sense that he was becoming stronger, so he did not seek help through the Myriad Worlds Projection.

“More than one Life?” Han Jue asked.

Li Daokong nodded. “That’s right. I saw more than three individual Lives. They took turns to check the changes in my cultivation, but I couldn’t see their faces clearly. It was very strange. I clearly saw them, but I couldn’t remember their faces.”

Han Jue asked, “Then are you feeling uncomfortable? Are you being controlled by them?

Li Daokong hesitated for a moment and then said, “Probably not. If that really happens to me, I’ll contact the Hidden Sect immediately.”

Han Jue nodded. “Remember, don’t force yourself. The Invocation Technique I taught you is not a forbidden technique. You can summon me.”

“Sect Master, don’t worry. I still want to take a look and search for more information.”

“Mm.”

Han Jue directly removed the dream to avoid being discovered.

Inside the Daoist temple. Han Jue opened his eyes and frowned.

More than three Lives had already appeared?

Life was a force?

Han Jue couldn’t understand and decided not to think about it. Anyway, Li Daokong was safe for the time being.

Even if Li Daokong was caught off guard and enslaved, Han Jue still had Absolute Purification and the Primordial Heavenly Prison to use.

Han Jue came to the second Dao Field and observed the cultivation situation of the Fiendcelestials.

He was not disappointed. Murong Qi, the crimson fox, the Heavenly Constellation Fiendcelestial, and Guan Bubai had all successfully attained the Dao.

Han Ming, the Time Fiendcelestial, the Traversal Fiendcelestial, and the Fog Fiendcelestial had all stepped into the Pseudo-Sage Realm.

Han Jue’s gaze landed on Yang Du.

This fellow had yet to reach the Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal Realm. The restriction on his potential was too great.

After a while, as long as Yang Du cultivated to the Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal Realm, Han Jue would help him become a Chaotic Fiendcelestial in advance.

He had to work hard for a period of time before he would cherish the favor Han Jue gave him.

Li Yao opened her eyes and saw him beside her. She hurriedly stood up.

Han Jue pulled her to a seat and asked about her recent cultivation situation. Li Yao immediately became excited and kept talking. She was no longer as cold as before.

After becoming a Chaotic Fiendcelestial, her cultivation could be said to be advancing by leaps and bounds. After all, the Spirit Qi in the Dao Field was already abundant. She could absorb Connate Qi without restraint.

Seeing how happy she was, Han Jue also became happy.

He was quite useful to the people around him!

Several days later, Han Jue returned to the main Dao Field and continued cultivating in seclusion.

Since no one took the initiative to ask him for help, he would cultivate in peace. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

It would be best if no one needed his help or found trouble with him. Then, he could continue cultivating until he reached the

peak.

Outside the 33rd Heaven, in the Universal Hall, Sages gathered.

Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du asked, “There’s still no news of Li Daokong and Shi Dudao?”

Pan Xin shook his head. “No, they left the Chaotic Heavenly Road. There are no traces of destruction. They probably went to seek opportunities.”

Heavenly Venerate Wufa snorted. “They are really straightforward. They usually have nothing to do in the Heavenly Dao.”

The other Sages agreed.

In the past, they felt that it was good that Li Daokong and Shi Dudao did not fight for power. However, as the Heavenly Dao developed and became better and better, there were more and more places that the Sages needed to be responsible for. They began to envy the two of them.

So what if they developed Providence Sects?

Cultivation was the key.

Just like Han Jue.

He was completely indifferent, but no one dared to betray him.

They were active, but their disciples were always poached. Occasionally, there would even be signs of rebellion.

“Recently, a large number of descendants of Pangu have appeared in the Immortal World and the myriad worlds. Fellow Daoist Pan, tell me about the situation.” Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du changed the topic.

This meeting was mainly about the internal affairs of the Immortal World, so he didn’t inform Han Jue.

Pan Xin’s expression was ugly. “I’m not sure either, but they indeed all have Pangu’s bloodline. I suspect that Giant God Pangu might not be dead. He’s staring at the Heavenly Dao in the dark. He might even be the Heavenly Dao.”

The Sages were moved.

Fang Liang said, “Impossible! The Heavenly Dao is not Pangu. The spirit of the Heavenly Dao has already fused with me. It is a separate intelligence and is still rejected by the rules of the Heavenly Dao.”

The South Extreme Heavenly Venerate said, “How’s the potential of these descendants?”

Jin Shen said, “Very strong. Almost all of them are geniuses.”

“Isn’t that a good thing?”

“But there are too many. If Pangu can control them, when they become the masters of the providence of the Heavenly Dao, Pangu can use them to directly overturn the Heavenly Dao.”

Jin Shen looked worried.

Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du also frowned. This was indeed troublesome.

They couldn’t directly capture them, because these descendants had their own relatives, friends, and even factions. If they captured all of them, it would probably alarm all living beings.

At that time, how would they explain it?

Would they say that Pangu was an enemy?

All living beings of the Heavenly Dao owed the Giant God Pangu a favor.

Pangu transformed into all living beings and created the world!