Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 741 Nine Fiendcelestial Sages

“Where did Primordial Origin’s coffin and Primordial Chaos Tablet go?”

Han Jue could only use the derivation function.

(200 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]

Continue!

A figure appeared in Han Jue’s mind. It was Huang Zuntian.

He heaved a sigh of relief. It seemed a waste, but at least he was certain that it was not taken away by an unknown existence.

With Primordial Origin, perhaps Huang Zuntian could rise, just like the relationship between Long Hao and Hao Tian.

Speaking of Long Hao, his development was not bad. The Dragon Race was also one of the top races in the Heavenly Dao. Their forces had also spread to the Chaos.

The Heavenly Dao Sage Seat later could help him fight for it.

Although Long Hao was restless, he treated Han Yu quite well. The Dragon Race also took good care of the Hidden Sect disciples and did not forget their roots.

Han Jue smiled and went to the second Dao Field.

His gaze swept over. The Chaotic Fiendcelestials had all improved. Among them, Li Yao had already become a Primordial Chaos Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal.

She had already been a Pseudo-Sage before she became a Chaotic Fiendcelestial, so it wasn’t strange for her to attain the Dao.

Li Yao opened her eyes and hurriedly stood up when she saw him.

Han Jue smiled and said, “There’s no need to be so polite. What’s our relationship? Why are you always so distant?”

Li Yao stopped and said, “I’m just afraid that I’ll become arrogant and forget my true nature. I don’t want to forget your kindness.”

How cautious.

As expected of someone like me.

Han Jue sighed in his heart. He still liked Xing Hongxuan the most.

Xing Hongxuan had never made him feel distant, and she was very proactive!

Han Jue chatted with Li Yao for a while before returning to the main Dao Field to continue cultivating

It had been too long since he had broken through, causing him to inexplicably feel a sense of danger.

He had not broken through for 120,000 years.

A hundred and twenty thousand years!

Han Jue felt his scalp tingle.

Time passed quickly.

More than ten thousand years had passed.

This time, Han Jue didn’t rest but continued cultivating until his 400,000th birthday.

[Detected that you are 400,000 years old and your life has taken another step forward. You have the following choices:]

[1: Exit seclusion immediately and promote the reputation of the Primordial Fiendcelestial. You can obtain a Creation Spirit Stone, a Great Dao Fragment, a Heavenly Dao Spirit Stone, and a new function of the system.]

[2: Cultivate in a low-profile manner and maintain your original intention. You can obtain a Creation Spirit Stone and a Great Dao Fragment.]

Han Jue wanted to curse when he saw the new function option.

Trying to tempt me again!

Promote the reputation of the Primordial Fiendcelestial?

Wasn’t that courting death?!

Han Jue silently chose the second option.

It had to be said that the 400,000th birthday disappointed him.

However, it was a good thing to have another Chaotic Fiendcelestial.

Han Jue took out the Creation Spirit Stone and focused on the Primordial World.

Which Chaotic Fiendcelestial should he nurture this time?

Exposure Fiendcelestial!

The Exposure Fiendcelestial could see through all karma, Mystical Powers, illusions, and so on. Perhaps his strength was not top-notch among the Fiendcelestials, but he would be a very good support character.

Han Jue immediately started moving.

He continued cultivating after the Creation Spirit Stone began to fuse with the Fiendcelestial Qi.

Time passed quickly.

Han Jue had to break through a minor realm as soon as possible. Otherwise, he would feel suffocated.

Although it had been peaceful recently, Han Jue never dared to fall into the trap.

He had to become stronger quickly. When the enemy arrived, he would realize that they were far inferior to him.

If the enemy completely understood his cultivation situation, he would have died long ago.

After Han Jue immersed himself in cultivation, time began to pass quickly from his point of view.

The Heavenly Dao changed day by day. It would increase by a huge step every ten thousand years.

During this period of time, countless geniuses appeared in the Immortal World. Some of them even spread their names in the Chaos.

Among them was Qin Ling.

But he still couldn’t be the only one. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

The new Sage Li Taigu ruled the Chaotic Heavenly Road with his sword and also made a name for himself. Many mighty figures who survived the previous calamity thought that he had potential that was not inferior to Li Daokong. Furthermore, he also cultivated with the ambition to surpass him.

Li Daokong had disappeared for a long time. Li Taigu gradually replaced his name as the number one Sword Sage of the Heavenly Dao.

Fifty thousand years passed quickly.

Han Jue opened his eyes and heaved a sigh of relief. He started to stretch.

Awesome!

After fifty thousand years of bitter cultivation, he felt that his cultivation progress had increased greatly. It was something that ten thousand years of seclusion could not compare to.

No wonder the Chaotic mighty figures spent a million, ten million, or even a hundred million years in seclusion.

Han Jue already had the strongest potential. It would take him more than ten thousand years to feel improvement, let alone other cultivators.

He wanted to continue cultivating, but a few years ago, Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du sent him a voice transmission, so he set the time at 50,000 years.

He first stood up and headed to the second Dao Field. He released the Exposure Fiendcelestial and asked Murong Qi to come and fetch him.

After fifty thousand years, the Time Fiendcelestial, the Traversal Fiendcelestial, and the Fog Fiendcelestial attained the Dao one after another.

Apart from Dong Zhuo, there were already nine Sage-level Fiendcelestials in the second Dao Field!

There were no Heavenly Dao restrictions here. The Fiendcelestials also walked the path of attaining the Dao with their strength, so there were no restrictions on the Sage position.

The Spirit Qi in the second Dao Field was also abundant. The space inside was vast and was enough for them to survive.

Han Jue was very satisfied. Perhaps the Fiendcelestial Army would only show its might ten million years later, but at least they were improving.

After chatting with Li Yao, Han Jue returned to the main Dao Field and jumped to the 33rd Heaven, then entered the Universal Hall.

Seeing Han Jue appear, Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du immediately sent a voice transmission to the Sages still in the Heavenly Dao.

Soon, the South Extreme Heavenly Venerate, Sect Master Tian Jue, Emperor Xiao, Heavenly Venerate Wufa, Qiu Xilai, Fang Liang, Jin Shen, Xu Dudao, Su Qi, and Li Taigu arrived.

The Sages sat down in a row facing Han Jue and Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du.

Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du smiled and introduced Li Taigu to Han Jue. Clearly, he was very satisfied with him.

“Junior Li Taigu greets the Divine Might Heavenly Sage,” Li Taigu said respectfully. He didn’t directly hate Han Jue like the previous Xu Dudao.

Han Jue smiled and nodded. “Cultivate well and protect the Heavenly Dao in the future. If you encounter any difficulties in your cultivation, you can come and find me. Of course, you only have one chance.”

[Li Taigu has a favorable impression of you. Current favorability: 3 stars]

Li Taigu hurriedly thanked him with an excited expression.

He had been tense before, but in fact, he admired Han Jue.

Before he attained the Dao, he was a prodigy who shocked the Immortal World. However, in this era, there was a person who looked down on all prodigies.

The Immeasurable Merit Divine Might Heavenly Sage!

Achieving the Dao at thirty thousand years old.

That was an unparalleled feat since ancient times!

In terms of contributions, the Divine Might Heavenly Sage had saved the Heavenly Dao several times. If not for him, the Heavenly Dao would have long been gone!

It had to be said that the Sages did a good job. They packaged Han Jue’s prestige extremely well. This flattery also made Han Jue very happy.

The other Sages smiled and nodded.

Only the South Extreme Heavenly Venerate and Emperor Xiao were a little uncomfortable, but they quickly adjusted their states of mind.

Xu Dudao felt ashamed. Compared to Han Jue, he was indeed rash back then. However, it was a coincidence. Now that he had latched onto Han Jue, he was very satisfied and glad.

Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du said, “This meeting only has one agenda. The Heavenly Dao is in danger again!”