Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 747 Then Fight!

Looking at the vanished Hatred Concubine, Han Jue looked at the Divine Robe Daoist indifferently and asked, “Is this what you rely

on?”

Great Sage Void Soul was extremely excited and almost clapped his hands in joy.

He remembered this Mystical Power!

Back then, the thirteen Lives had died from this move!

It was the same for the Despair Dao Spirit!

Hatred Concubine was not a Great Dao Divine Spirit. How could she withstand it?

The Divine Robe Daoist was also shocked. Han Jue’s attack was too ruthless. He used a killing move right from the start. Furthermore, the power just now was indeed terrifying. Even he would not be able to withstand it.

“You’re indeed very strong. No wonder you can kill the Despair Dao Spirit. However, it’s ridiculous that you want to kill the Hatred Concubine with one strike!”

The Divine Robe Daoist looked at Han Jue and smiled mockingly.

On the other side.

In the mysterious space, the Curse Fiendcelestial saw Han Jue attack and said excitedly, “It’s him! He’s Han Jue!”

Foolish Sword Sage’s pupils constricted as he muttered, “That strike just now contained more than one Great Dao power… How is that possible? Aren’t the various Great Dao incompatible?”

The Curse Fiendcelestial didn’t know much about Han Jue, either. He only knew that he was born because of Han Jue and how long he had been born.

He was also surprised by Han Jue’s growth speed, but he didn’t know the truth.

“Are you confident in killing him?” the Curse Fiendcelestial asked carefully.

The Foolish Sword Sage did not answer. His gaze was fixed on the projection of the light hole ahead.

Heavenly Dao.

All the Sages, Pseudo-Sages, and Zenith Heaven Golden Immortals were watching nervously. No matter how low their cultivation realm was, they couldn’t spy on this battle unless they were in the Chaotic City.

Han Jue’s strength surprised them, but the confidence of the Divine Robe Daoist caused them to panic.

Li Taigu stood in a Chaotic City and held his sword hilt.

So powerful!

His palm was already so powerful. Could his Sword Dao really reach that level?

Even from afar, he felt the aura of death the moment Han Jue attacked.

After attaining the Dao-no, after becoming a Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal, he had not felt this way for a long time.

Han Jue’s strength made Li Taigu suddenly waver in his determination.

At this moment.

Hatred Concubine appeared beside the Divine Robe Daoist. Her figure condensed but quickly dissipated. She gritted her teeth and glared at Han Jue, her eyes filled with fear.

Han Jue said expressionlessly, “She indeed has some methods. She can even survive like this. But, she won’t live for long.”

Han Jue walked towards the two of them.

He was already mentally prepared to fight before coming.

He thought of escaping, but where could he go after leaving the Heavenly Dao? The enemies he was involved in now could no longer be avoided by hiding. Furthermore, it was not time to escape yet!

m

as

As long as he survived this, the Heavenly Dao would continue to become stronger. Sooner or later, the power of the Heavenly Dao would become so powerful that even the Holy Mother of Order could not destroy it!

Since that was the case, they would fight!

In any case, Han Jue had a soul fragment in the Daoist temple. He could be reborn after death.

He would just hide in the Dao Field in the worst case!

Han Jue’s Time Dao Robe fluttered violently with the waves stirred up by the remnant Dharmic powers. The Sun and Moon Yin-Yang Protection on his back spun at high speed and emitted divine light, like the sun and moon circling behind him.

Fiendcelestial Dharma Idols condensed again and stood above Han Jue’s head. All of them were majestic and domineering.

Even the living beings in the Immortal World could see mighty figures when they looked up. They were like the giant gods of Pangu who had split the world apart. Their shadows hung in the sky.

The Divine Robe Daoist smiled arrogantly. “This Mystical Power again! Did you rely on this Mystical Power to kill the Despair Dao Spirit? Very good. Today, I will break your Mystical Power and avenge the Despair Dao Spirit!”

He walked towards Han Jue.

He already understood that Hatred Concubine had lost the ability to fight. He didn’t know what power that strike contained that made her unable to condense her body.

The two figures flashed. Every step crossed a distance that Immortal Realm cultivators could only cross in decades.

They were rapidly approaching each other!

The Heavenly Dao Sages watched nervously.

Hatred Concubine immediately ordered, “Children! Attack the Heavenly Dao!”

With that said, figures flew out from the ten thousand yellow leaves surrounding the Heavenly Dao. The leaders at the front had powerful auras, including the aura of the Primordial Chaos Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal Realm.

The battle of the Heavenly Dao immediately erupted!

All the Heavenly Dao cultivators in Chaotic City shouted and began to form hand seals. The geniuses rushed out one after another, not afraid of death.

In the era of geniuses, if one wanted to become a genius, other than potential, one had to have great courage!

At the same time!

The Divine Robe Daoist and Han Jue were already close. More than a hundred Fiendcelestial Dharma Idols appeared above Han Jue’s head and entered his body.

He knew why the Divine Robe Daoist gave him time. It was because the latter was also waiting for an opportunity.

He was waiting for the time to take out that Supreme Treasure!

Han Jue had already calculated the distance in the simulation trial. When he reached a certain distance, the Divine Robe Daoist would immediately take out a Supreme Treasure. This treasure was extremely fast. He had to attack the moment he attacked.

Suddenly!

The Divine Robe Daoist suddenly raised his right hand, and a strong light burst out from his sleeve.

Han Jue’s eyes narrowed. A Fiendcelestial Dharma idol above his head suddenly raised its arm and disappeared with him.

Substitution Fiendcelestial!

Hatred Concubine appeared where Han Jue was!

This was the ability to replace the Fiendcelestial. It could replace any existence with itself, no matter how far away it was.

This Mystical Power couldn’t be used continuously, but it was enough to deal with the Daoist’s Supreme Treasure!

Hatred Concubine was drowned by the strong light and could not move instantly.

The Divine Robe Daoist widened his eyes in shock.

Impossible!

That was not speed at all!

Even he, a perfected Great Dao Primordial Chaos Realm cultivator, could not react in time!

Thinking of something, he subconsciously turned his head.

Han Jue had already appeared behind him and struck his body with an unstoppable palm.

“This palm has 480,000 years of cultivation. How many palms can you withstand?”

Han Jue’s voice entered the Divine Robe Daoist’s ears.

The Divine Robe Daoist was directly struck by the Primordial Divine Rage and his body exploded.

However, his soul was protected by a strange light.

His soul was golden!

However, Han Jue had already seen it in the simulation trial.

He waved his palm again. The Primordial Divine Rage needed to be accumulated, so he had no choice but to use the Grand Unity Aspect to summon Fiendcelestial Dharma Idols to besiege him.

The Divine Robe Daoist immediately jumped into a deeper space. A long staff appeared in his hand. He turned around and swept it. The long staff actually swept out huge suns. There were countless of them, forming an endless sea of fire that wanted to drown Han Jue.

Han Jue used the power of the Space Fiendcelestial and the Traversal Fiendcelestial to arrive behind the Divine Robe Daoist.

“Space Great Dao! Impossible!” the Divine Robe Daoist exclaimed as he sensed the fluctuation behind him.

More than a hundred Chaotic Fiendcelestials had already appeared behind him and looked down at him. They punched down together. This layer of space instantly shattered, and even the deeper space continued to shatter. Layer after layer of space shattered. When the Primordial Void appeared, the power of the Fiendcelestials landed on the soul body of the Divine Robe Daoist.

Boom

All of this seemed complicated, but time could not describe it. The Divine Robe Daoist couldn’t dodge in time and his golden soul was directly destroyed.

Han Jue summoned the Devour Fiendcelestial next. It opened its bloody mouth and suddenly devoured all the surrounding space fragments. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Before the Divine Robe Daoist could condense his soul body and completely recover, he was sucked into the Devour Fiendcelestial’s mouth. His voice sounded the moment he disappeared. “Foolish Sword Sage!”