Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 753 600,000 Years Old, Successful Reincarnation

In the palace, Han Jue and Huang Zuntian sat opposite each other.

Han Jue sat at the main seat, while Huang Zuntian, the master of the Dao Field, sat as a guest.

Without waiting for Han Jue to ask, Huang Zuntian said, “I created a world in the Chaos more than twenty thousand years ago…”

He spoke endlessly and was very excited as if he was showing off his achievements in front of his elders.

Han Jue listened carefully and did not interrupt.

Huang Zuntian began to talk about his reason for creating a world. It was naturally because of Primordial Origin.

Han Jue already knew about Primordial Origin. This was a secret between the two.

With the Primordial Origin’s help, even if he established the Chaotic World, Huang Zuntian did not sever the providence of the Heavenly Dao. Primordial Origin said that this was a way out for him.

All these years, Huang Zuntian’s cultivation level had been increasing. He was already very close to breaking through to the Primordial Chaos Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal Realm.

“Master, don’t worry. I’ll always be loyal to you. If not for your guidance, how could I be here today?” Huang Zuntian finally expressed his loyalty, making Han Jue feel very comfortable.

He suddenly understood why Huang Zuntian could reach his current height.

As long as Huang Zuntian’s favorability didn’t decrease, he was still willing to believe him.

Han Jue instructed, “Be careful. Think about how you got to where you are today. Never be careless. Maintain a good relationship with the Heavenly Dao Sages. The current Heavenly Dao is already united. As for who has this rope, you should know very well. If you need help, you can also ask the Sages. Don’t isolate yourself. That will only cause unnecessary trouble for you.”

Huang Zuntian nodded. “Thank you for your reminder, Master. I will remember it.”

He had seen through it before, but Han Jue didn’t admit it personally, so he couldn’t trust the other Sages.

Now that Han Jue said so, how could he not be relieved?

The two of them chatted for a while more, mostly about Huang Zuntian’s experiences in the Chaos. Han Jue listened to the story with relish.

Huang Zuntian heaved a sigh of relief after he left.

Although he was very loyal to Han Jue, the pressure he gave him was too strong.

A voice sounded in Huang Zuntian’s mind, “This person is not simple. If he wants to attack me, he will definitely have a way to extract me from your body.”

Huang Zuntian said proudly, “Of course. Otherwise, why would I follow him?” Ever since he knew Han Jue, he had never seen him lose or even be in a sorry state.

After returning to the Daoist temple, Han Jue continued cultivating.

He only had one goal now, and that was to break through as soon as possible!

Once he closed his eyes, it meant that another era had passed.

Ever since the Divine Robe Daoist was defeated, no expert dared to attack the Heavenly Dao again. New worlds also constantly appeared in the Dark Forbidden Zone near the Heavenly Dao. They were all created by the Heavenly Dao cultivators. Some Zenith Heaven Golden Immortals with poor potential discovered that creating a world could allow them to advance to the Pseudo-Sage Realm, causing more and more Zenith Heaven Golden Immortals to head to the Dark Forbidden Zone.

Year after year passed.

Soon, Han Jue was 600,000 years old.

[Detected that you are 600,000 years old. You have the following choices:)

(1: Exit seclusion immediately and spread the name of the Primordial Fiendcelestial, stirring up the Great Dao Immeasurable Calamity. You can obtain a Great Dao Fragment, a Creation Spirit Stone, and a Heavenly Dao Spirit Stone.)

[2: Cultivate in a low-profile manner and stay away from trouble. You can obtain a Great Dao Fragment, a Creation Spirit Stone, and a Supreme Treasure.]

Han Jue opened his eyes and discovered that the reward had decreased.

Perhaps five hundred thousand years meant

more.

Han Jue silently chose the second option.

[You chose to cultivate in a low profile manner and stay away from trouble. You obtained a Great Dao Fragment, a Creation Spirit Stone, and a Supreme Treasure.]

(Congratulations on obtaining the Chaotic Supreme Treasure—Chaotic Diamond Bracelet]

[Chaotic Diamond Bracelet: Defensive Chaotic Supreme Treasure. It is a Supreme Treasure born at the beginning of the Chaos. It contains the strongest defensive light and can block Great Dao attacks.]

Another defensive Supreme Treasure!

Han Jue almost fainted.

Back when he was still growing, the system loved to give him defensive Dharma treasures.

In addition to the Chaotic Diamond Bracelet, he had a total of three Chaotic Defensive Supreme Treasures.

Who could break through his defense?

Han Jue immediately took out the Chaotic Diamond Bracelet and started to make it recognize him as its owner.

After a hundred years, he finally refined it into this Dharma treasure.

The Chaotic Diamond Bracelet was golden. It was originally a golden ring, but after wearing it, it transformed into two wisps of golden flames that wrapped around his wrists. It looked very beautiful.

A

Han Jue looked up at the Divine Robe Daoist, who was still in the Primordial Heavenly Prison.

It had been almost 120,000 years, but this fellow had yet to be enslaved!

Han Jue had to renew the seal every ten thousand years to prevent him from awakening.

Then, he took out the Creation Spirit Stone and fused it with a ball of Fiendcelestial Qi in the Primordial World.

This time, he chose the Wind Shaking Fiendcelestial. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

After the fusion process stabilized, he would divert his attention.

He was already very close to breaking through to the mid-stage Great Dao Primordial Chaos Realm, so he was not in a hurry. He wanted to see the development of the Heavenly Dao first.

During this period of time, three new Sages appeared in the Heavenly Dao.

They were Primordial Chaos Buddha, Zhang Guxing, and Long Hao.

The reason why Primordial Chaos Buddha could become a Buddha was that Han Jue sent a voice transmission to Qiu Xilai and asked him to choose him. After all, Primordial Chaos Buddha’s previous life was the Primordial Chaos Heavenly Devil. He was ordered by Han Jue to hide in the Buddhist Sect. Although he didn’t contribute, his favorability didn’t decrease.

Zhang Guxing was chosen by Heavenly Venerate Wufa. There was an 80% chance that this was in consideration of Han Jue. He had very little karma in the Heavenly Dao, and Zhang Guxing was one of the few.

Long Hao was completely chosen by Han Jue.

Apart from him, there were a total of sixteen Heavenly Dao Sages in the current Immortal World. They far exceeded any previous era.

The new Sages almost did not rely on the Primordial Purple Qi. Reality proved that the Primordial Purple Qi was only an excuse. In the past, there had been no new Sages. It was mainly because the Heavenly Dao was too weak and could not carry more Sages.

The birth of every new Sage excited the cultivators of the Immortal World.

Who did not want to become a Sage?!

Han Jue took in the various forms of living beings. The situation of the Heavenly Dao was still considered peaceful. Although the Hidden Sect was not outstanding, its development was at least stable. He did not need the Hidden Sect to unite the Heavenly Dao. That wouldn’t be good.

He needed to give the other factions some hope. Only then could they continue to climb.

Han Jue’s situation had never been to control the Heavenly Dao. In the past, the Heavenly Dao was only a shield. Now, he only hoped that the Heavenly Dao could protect his disciples.

After observing the Heavenly Dao, Han Jue started to check his emails.

He wondered if something interesting had happened in his circle of friends recently.

Email after email appeared in front of Han Jue and refreshed at an extremely fast speed. In an instant, he read millions of emails.

An email attracted Han Jue’s attention.

(Your enemy Pangu has successfully reincarnated.]

Pangu!

Does this fellow want to cause trouble?

Han Jue narrowed his eyes and fell into deep thought.

Pangu’s hatred for him was not high. He could only say that he was dissatisfied and not an enemy.

However, Pangu’s history was too valiant. The entire Chaos treated him as a nightmare and was afraid that he would revive.

Unexpectedly, he did not revive but chose the path of reincarnation.

How did he reincarnate?