Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 840 Fighting a Hundred Thousand Foolish Sword Sages!

[Detected that you have attained the Great Dao Supreme and the essence of life has transformed. You have the following choices:]

(1: Exit seclusion immediately and create the Primordial Chaos. Your goal is to overturn the Chaos. You can obtain a Great Dao Fragment, a Creation Spirit Stone, a Primordial Fragment, and ten Great Dao Sage guards.]

[2: Cultivate in a low-profile manner and maintain your original intention. You can obtain a Great Dao Fragment, a Creation Spirit Stone, a Primordial Fragment, and a chance to activate a new function of the system.]

Finally!

Han Jue smiled as he looked at the three lines of words in front of him.

He silently chose the second option.

(You chose to cultivate in a low profile manner and obtained a Great Dao Fragment, a Creation Spirit Stone, a Primordial Fragment, and a chance to activate a new function of the system.]

[The system has activated a new functionSupreme Treasure Fusion Cauldron]

[Supreme Treasure Fusion Cauldron: It can fuse all Dharma treasures and perfectly inherit the advantages of the fused Dharma treasures. This cauldron is only located in the Myriad Worlds Projection. To use this treasure, one has to obtain the right to enter the Myriad Worlds Projection. Everyone can only use it once every million years.]

This function…

Not bad!

He could still face his disciples. All along, Han Jue had always had a carefree attitude towards his disciples. Other than occasionally preaching, he actually didn’t take much care of them.

......

With the Supreme Treasure Fusion Cauldron, the disciples could obtain powerful Dharma treasures and be grateful to him.

In addition, Han Jue could also use this function himself.

Han Jue took out the Creation Spirit Stone and fused it with a ball of Fiendcelestial Qi.

He first teleported to the second Dao Field and released the Chaotic Fiendcelestial he had created previously to let Murong Qi lead the way.

Now, all the Fiendcelestials in the second Dao Field had become Primordial Chaos Zenith Heaven Golden Immortals, except for the new Fiendcelestial.

In other words, there were a total of 44 Sages in the second Dao Field!

Murong Qi, the crimson fox, and the Heavenly Constellation Fiendcelestial were already infinitely close to the Freedom Realm!

They developed very quickly!

After Murong Qi led the new Fiendcelestial away, Dao Comprehension Sword looked at him and said, “Master, you seem different? Did you break through again?”

Li Yao opened her eyes and looked at him.

Han Jue, who had achieved the Great Dao Supreme, looked no different from before, but it made people inexplicably respectful and didn’t dare to have any profane thoughts.

Han Jue smiled. “It’s alright. How’s your cultivation recently?”

He walked towards the two women and sat down, chatting with them.

After a long while…

Han Jue returned to the main Dao Field and started to improve his Sword Dao Mystical Powers. He succeeded in just a few hours.

Then, he switched to cultivating the Grand Unity Aspect.

Ninety-nine years later.

Han Jue had learned 500 new Fiendcelestial Dharma Idols and could no longer cultivate. He had accumulated 1,949 Fiendcelestial Dharma Idols!

He opened his eyes and smiled. He was in high spirits.

Fight!

Ten thousand Foolish Sword Sages first!

A breath later, Han Jue opened his eyes and looked disdainful.

Double!

Twenty thousand!

Instant kill!

Thirty thousand!

He killed them in a few breaths!

Han Jue adjusted his method and insta-killed thirty thousand Foolish Sword Sages several times.

His Supreme Power far exceeded the Dharmic powers before his breakthrough. Coupled with the power of nearly two thousand Great Dao, it erupted in one go, destroying everything!

Not only was the body and soul destroyed, but even karma, time, and existence were destroyed!

Han Jue felt so strong.

He suddenly experienced the power of the Primordial Fiendcelestial. Not only was it compatible with the three thousand Great Dao, but during the battle, the 12 tredecillion Primordial Stars in his body erupted with Supreme Power. His body resonated and was extremely domineering.

This power was simply indescribable!

Han Jue changed his method of fighting and created 1,949 Fiendcelestial Dharma Idols. He made all the Dharma Idols contain 12 tredecillion Primordial Stars. The Fiendcelestial Dharma Idols directly sublimated!

Including Han Jue, it was equivalent to 1,950 Primordial Fiendcelestials!

Invincibility!

Indeed, the Primordial Fiendcelestial really expanded rapidly as its cultivation level increased. The higher its cultivation level, the more obvious its advantage!

Only Supreme Power could truly activate the Stellar Primordial Body!

He continued to increase the number of Foolish Sword Sages.

Fifty thousand!

It was just 20,000 more chickens and dogs, easily killed!

Han Jue increased the number of Foolish Sword Sages to 100,000 in one go. There was finally a change.

The hundred thousand Foolish Sword Sages waved their swords in unison. There was actually a scene of the Great Dao fusing. It was extremely domineering.

Han Jue finally felt tired.

Unconsciously, a hundred thousand seemed to contain a certain meaning. After the Great Dao fused, the Foolish Sword Sage transformed. He actually had the divine might of a Great Dao Supreme, and not an ordinary Great Dao Supreme at that.

How terrifying!

Han Jue barely won after ten minutes. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

He continued to challenge the hundred thousand Foolish Sword Sages.

After hundreds of battles, Han Jue could finally win forcefully, but he couldn’t insta-kill the hundred thousand Foolish Sword Sages.

Han Jue opened his eyes and asked in his mind, “Can I insta-kill ten thousand Divine Authority Generals now?”

(1 quadrillion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]

Continue!

[Yes]

Safe!

Han Jue smiled.

He looked at the Chaos, searching for the ten thousand Divine Authority Generals.

His vision quickly increased. Just like when his will looked down at the Chaos, he searched for ten thousand Divine Authority Generals from high above.

Soon, he saw the ten thousand Divine Authority Generals traveling through the chaos. They were still quite a distance away from the Heavenly Dao.

“If I go to the Chaos now, will the Chaotic Consciousness recognize me as a Primordial Fiendcelestial?” Han Jue asked in his mind.

(1 quadrillion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]

Continue!

[No, because the Chaotic Consciousness has never seen a Primordial Fiendcelestial. In addition, Pangu severed the karma of the Great Dao Providence Divine Authority, causing the Chaotic Consciousness and the Great Dao Divine Spirits to be unable to deduce karma. They can only look.]

Eh?

Even the Chaotic Consciousness could not deduce karma?

Pangu was something.

However, just having eyes was enough!

Han Jue could see the entire Chaos, let alone the Chaotic Consciousness.

Han Jue thought for a moment and started to search for the Foolish Sword Sage in the chaos.

He could not find him!

Could it be that this fellow had also created a domain that belonged to him and was independent of the rules?

Han Jue used the Dark Nightmare and sent a dream to the Foolish Sword Sage.

The dream was the Primordial Void where the two of them had fought.

The Foolish Sword Sage opened his eyes and was moved when he saw Han Jue.

“You can actually forcefully send me a dream.

I…”

He did not sense anything!

The Foolish Sword Sage was shocked.

He was a Great Dao Supreme!

He felt that he was already an invincible existence. In the entire Chaos, only Laozi and Pangu were barely his match!

Why was this happening?

The Foolish Sword Sage could not figure it out.

Han Jue said, “Silly fellow Daoist, long time no see.”

The Foolish Sword Sage suppressed his fear and shock and said in a low voice, “You can call me Fellow Daoist Foolish Sword or Sage.”

“Old Fool.”

“Yes?”

“Where are you hiding? Why can’t I find you?” Han Jue ignored the Foolish Sword Sage’s dissatisfaction and asked curiously.

The Foolish Sword Sage felt better.

That was more like it!

Foolish Sword Sage said proudly, “Of course, I’m in the Divine Domain I created. Other than me, no one knows where it is!”

Han Jue said, “Come out quickly. I want to see you. You’re already so strong, yet you’re still hiding. Who are you afraid of?”.