Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 846 Ultimate Mortal Robe, Prepare for Battle

“Dao Ancestor? What do you mean? One of the Divine Authority Generals looks like the Dao Ancestor. Or is the Dao Ancestor commanding the Divine Authority Generals?”.

Han Jue frowned. He had seen the Divine Authority Generals in the illusion before. They didn’t have a leader or independent thoughts. They looked like fighting machines.

The Evil Heavenly Emperor said, “I’m not sure either, but I did find the Dao Ancestor among the Divine Authority Generals. This matter is really strange. I have to think of a way to investigate.”

Han Jue nodded and noted this down.

The two of them chatted for a while more before Han Jue removed the dream.

He opened his eyes and asked in his mind, “I want to know why the Dao Ancestor is among the Divine Authority Generals?”

[It cannot be deduced without karma.]

What did it mean by no karma?

Han Jue began to ask all sorts of questions about the Dao Ancestor, but no matter how he asked, he couldn’t derive them.

It was as if the Dao Ancestor did not exist!

This was interesting.

The Dao Ancestor was clearly still in his interpersonal relationships. How could he not have deduced it?

It seemed that the Dao Ancestor had not been idle during this period of time. He had been secretly working hard.

......

Han Jue shook his head and stopped thinking about it.

Then, he entered cultivation again.

The Fiendcelestials were gathered in the hall in the Grand Primordium Domain.

Beside the Grand Primordium Fiendcelestial sat a burly figure. It was Pangu.

Pangu’s hair was disheveled and he emitted a wild aura. As he breathed, it was like turbid flames spitting out.

At this moment, Pangu suddenly opened his eyes.

The other Fiendcelestials seemed to sense something and opened their eyes with solemn expressions.

The Grand Primordium Fiendcelestial frowned. “It’s coming.”

The other Fiendcelestials began to speak.

“Why did they suddenly turn to the Grand Primordium Domain?”

“Indeed, a mysterious existence is manipulating the Divine Authority Generals. They’re just afraid that we Chaotic Fiendcelestials will grow stronger.”

“Unfortunately, I wanted to rope in some mighty figures.”

“There are always people afraid of death. The Chaos will be under our control in the future if we win this battle!”

“Hahahaha, come. The Chaos belongs to us Fiendcelestials. Back then, there was no Great Dao Divine Spirit when we fought, let alone a Divine Authority General!”

The Chaotic Fiendcelestials were all high-spirited and fearless.

They were already mentally prepared. Before the battle, they naturally would not dampen each other’s morale.

Most importantly, they had no way out!

Pangu said, “Prepare to set up the formation.”

The Grand Primordium Fiendcelestial nodded and stood up.

An ancient battle that was rare in billions of years was about to erupt!

Heavenly Dao.

Time flew.

Han Jue continued to cultivate without stopping after he entered seclusion for fifty thousand years.

In any case, the Heavenly Dao’s development was smooth sailing. Great Dao Sages and Great Dao Supremes were also guarding it. Only the Divine Authority could cause trouble in the future.

He continued to cultivate in seclusion. The Primordial World continued to expand and the nebulous Primordial Qi it contained increased, causing his Supreme Power to accumulate and become stronger.

After a certain period of time.

Han Jue suddenly sensed something and opened his eyes.

He felt a huge battle erupt in the chaos!

He calmed down and calculated. It had only been a little more than 90,000 years since he entered seclusion. Had the Divine Authority Generals already reached the Grand Primordium Domain?

It was a little fast!

In other words, the Heavenly Dao’s future would also be brought forward!

Han Jue took a deep breath. He was already prepared to fight and was not afraid.

He looked at the Grand Primordium Domain. The dozens of Chaotic Fiendcelestials were already surrounded by ten thousand Divine Authority Generals. Outside the battlefield, the twelve Ancestral Magi brought the Magus Race over, but they did not dare to go up.

It was not only the Magus Race. Other races were watching the battle and preparing to attack at any time. They were probably related to the Chaotic Fiendcelestials.

The battle was intense. Pangu was the most eye-catching. He fought a thousand Divine Authority Generals alone and was not at all inferior.

After a Divine Authority General was destroyed, he instantly revived as if he could not be killed.

He couldn’t see who would win for the time

being.

However, Han Jue felt that the Divine Authority Generals would win.

Apart from the Grand Primordium Fiendcelestial and Pangu, the other Fiendcelestials were not as powerful as the Foolish Sword Sage. Most Chaotic Fiendcelestials would find it difficult to fight a Divine Authority General alone.

The undying Divine Authority Generals would win sooner or later.

Han Jue watched with relish.

This battle wouldn’t end anytime soon. After watching for a while, Han Jue lost interest. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

“How long until the Divine Authority Generals reach the Heavenly Dao?” he asked in his mind.

(1 quadrillion years will be deducted. Do you want to continue?)

Continue!

(500,000 years]

Han Jue knew that this was the latest forecast. The actual time would only speed up.

He could affect the development of karma, and so could others, let alone existences stronger than him.

Come on!

I’ll be waiting for you!

Han Jue thought proudly.

It was time to test his strength after secretly cultivating for three million years!

Han Jue sent a voice transmission to Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du, asking him to prepare early to prevent chaos.

Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du immediately gathered the Sages.

In the Welcoming Sacred Palace.

After Sect Master Tian Jue left, the Foolish Sword Sage opened his eyes and stared at the chaos, watching from afar.

He frowned and clenched his fists in his sleeves, trying his best to restrain his emotions.

The Divine Authority Generals’ power made him uneasy.

Pangu was already his mental demon. But even such a powerful mental demon was suppressed by the Divine Authority Generals.

The Foolish Sword Sage had mixed emotions. He was both terrified and glad.

The Divine Authority Generals seemed to be proficient in some kind of restriction that sealed the Grand Primordium Domain. Some Chaotic Fiendcelestials who had been killed wanted to escape, but they were blocked.

Dead end!

A Chaotic Fiendcelestial had already died.

The Foolish Sword Sage stopped watching and looked at the Immortal World. What was Han Jue thinking now?

Should he visit him in his dreams?

No!

Han Jue must already know that the battle has erupted. Won’t I look timid if I go looking for him?

The Foolish Sword Sage adjusted his state of mind, and his eyes were filled with fighting spirit again.

“So what if there are ten thousand Divine Authority Generals?”

“My Sword Dao will use you as a whetstone!”

The Foolish Sword Sage’s eyes flickered as he became high-spirited again.

Thousands of years later, Han Jue was still cultivating when a choice suddenly appeared in front of him.

[Detected that the Divine Authority Generals are about to attack the Heavenly Dao. You have the following choices:]

(1: Prepare to fight the Divine Authority Generals. You can obtain a Great Dao Fragment, a Creation Spirit Stone, a Primordial Fragment, and a Supreme Treasure.)

[2: Immediately escape the Heavenly Dao and stay away from trouble. You can obtain a Great Dao Fragment and a Creation Spirit Stone.]

Han Jue chose the first one without hesitation after looking at the choices in front of him.

It was rare to choose the first option!

(You chose to fight the Divine Authority Generals and obtained a Great Dao Fragment, a Creation Spirit Stone, a Primordial Fragment, and a Supreme Treasure.)

(Congratulations on obtaining the Ultimate Dao Treasure-Ultimate Mortal Robe]

[Ultimate Mortal Robe: Ultimate Defensive Dao Treasure. A Supreme Treasure formed by absorbing mortal power. It is invisible and colorless. It can defend against a blow from a Dao Creator.)

Han Jue’s eyes widened and his breathing quickened.

It could defend against a blow from a Dao Creator!

Although it was only one strike, it was enough to make Han Jue excited!

How safe!

The system was truly caring!

Han Jue first took out the Creation Spirit Stone and fused it with a ball of Fiendcelestial Qi. Then, he took out the Ultimate Mortal Robe and refined it to recognize him as its owner.

The Ultimate Mortal Robe was a ball of red Qi in Han Jue’s hand. It didn’t look like a robe in the slightest.