Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 855 Ninth Chaos

The name of the Divine Might Heavenly Sage stirred up a hurricane in the Chaos in this battle. His limelight lasted for a long time, and the situation in the Chaos also changed.

The Divine Authority Generals had killed dozens of Chaotic Fiendcelestials. Their influence was far-reaching, equivalent to killing more than half of the Great Dao Sages. Their forces were even more complicated and involved a wide range. However, the Divine Might Heavenly Sage easily suppressed ten thousand Divine Authority Generals, indicating the Heavenly Dao’s rise. Furthermore, it was an unshakable overlord!

The Heavenly Dao would be the strongest force in the Chaos as long as the Divine Might Heavenly Sage was around!

At the same time, the Chaotic living beings’ gazes landed on the Heavenly Dao.

As time passed, if the Heavenly Dao did not encounter any more attacks from the Chaotic Rule, a large number of cultivators would join the Heavenly Dao!

A place that could guard against the Chaotic Rule. Wasn’t this a Holy Land?

Just like that, year after year passed.

A hundred thousand years passed in the blink of an eye!

Inside the Daoist temple.

Han Jue opened his eyes and smiled in satisfaction.

His cultivation level increased again. The Primordial World expanded by nearly twice.

However, he felt that something was missing.

He felt that the Primordial World was too empty. He should produce living beings himself.

......

Although the nebulous Primordial Qi was endless and could reproduce Chaotic Fiendcelestials, it had yet to truly create a Chaotic Fiendcelestial alone.

Han Jue thought for a moment. He lacked the power of creation!

The power of creation was the strongest rule among the Seven Supreme Rules!

It could create everything!

Creation was the most important among the seven great rules!

Han Jue looked up above the three thousand Great Dao. The mighty Creation Rule was so mysterious and noble. It was fascinating.

Han Jue’s heart almost sank just looking at it for a while.

He fell into deep thought. The Grand Unity Aspect contained the power of three thousand Great Dao, but he had yet to comprehend the Creation Fiendcelestial.

There was a Production Fiendcelestial. He had previously tried to fuse the Great Dao of Production into the Primordial World, but it was quickly drowned by the nebulous Primordial Qi, and a living being could not be created.

Creation and production seemed to be similar, but they were extremely different.

Han Jue had a feeling that if he wanted to constantly become stronger, the Primordial World couldn’t remain empty. The Chaotic Consciousness was not in the Chaos. Could the Chaos be a world created by the Chaotic Consciousness?

Han Jue’s heart skipped a beat.

“Who created the Chaos?” Han Jue asked in his mind.

(100 quadrillion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]

So expensive? Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Even the Dao Creator had only cost a quadrillion years!

A hundred times his value?

He immediately chose to continue.

[Ninth Chaos: Cultivation unknown. Spirit of the Primordial Chaos, Creator of the Chaos. It cannot be named and is not affected by any rules. The Primordial Chaos once gave birth to nine Primordial Spirits. The first eight failed. The Ninth Chaos successfully created the Chaos. The number 9 became the extreme number of the Chaos, containing special meaning.)

There were living beings in the Primordial World?

Wasn’t there only the Primordial Fiendcelestial?

Or am I thinking too much?

Han Jue only saw the notification in front of him, but the figure of Ninth Chaos didn’t appear in his mind. He didn’t know if this fellow was still alive.

“Can the Ninth Chaos reach the Creation Dominator Realm?” Han Jue asked in his mind.

Above the Dao Creator was the Creation Dominator Realm!

He had asked before. There was no such existence, but some time had passed. Perhaps there had been a change.

(100 quadrillion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]

Continue!

[No]

That was good.

At the same time, this also proved that the Ninth Chaos was still alive!

Han Jue suddenly had an idea.

Could it be that the Chaotic Deities did not dare to personally interfere in the Chaos because of the Ninth Chaos’ existence?

The Chaotic Deities were powerful, but how could they compare to the Ninth Chaos who had created the Chaos?

Han Jue asked in his mind, “Is the Ninth Chaos restricting the Chaotic Deities’ interference?”

(100 quadrillion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]

Continue!

[Yes]

That made sense.

Han Jue suddenly felt more secure.

“Is there anyone stronger than the Ninth Chaos?”

(100 quadrillion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]

Continue!

[Not for the time being.)

Han Jue smiled.

The peak finally appeared!

I’ll be at the peak when I reach the Creator Lord Realm!

At that time, he could roam freely with no fear!

I can do whatever I want. Whoever dares to offend me will be killed without consideration for their backing!

Han Jue was filled with anticipation.

He checked the emails and wondered if his friends were doing well.

(Your disciple Dao Sovereign was attacked by an Inauspicious Evil] x899220003

(Your disciple Zhao Xuanyuan was attacked by an Inauspicious Evil] x790983211

[Your good friend Lao Dan was attacked by an Inauspicious Evil) x900283924

(Your good friend Jiang Yi was attacked by an Inauspicious Evil] x800879326

(Your grand-disciple Chu Shiren spread the Buddhist Dao and his providence increased.]

[Your good friend Evil Heavenly Emperor created an Inauspicious Deity. His providence has declined.]

[Your good friend Huang Zuntian was attacked] x572

[Your son Han Tuo received guidance from a mysterious mighty figure.)

It was lively again!

Han Jue saw that the three beaten brothers had become four and couldn’t help but mourn for Lao Dan.

Why are you following these three? Han Jue smiled. He liked Lao Dan even more now.

The last time in the Universal Hall, Lao Dan had kept a low profile. He had not thought of escaping even when the Divine Authority Generals attacked. He was quite pleasing to the eye.

He also knew Lao Dan’s goal. He wanted Dao Sovereign and the other two’s potential.

Han Jue turned a blind eye to this.

On the path of cultivation, most of them had masters, benefactors, Dao Bearers, and so on. Han Jue was not afraid that Dao Sovereign and the other two would be poached. He was letting them grow on their own.

Han Jue continued reading. The disciples who had returned had gone out again.

However, the Buddhist World, the Great Dao Tower, and the Red Fate World were still near the Heavenly Dao. They already had the Heavenly Dao’s providence. They would fuse into the Heavenly Dao sooner or later.

Han Jue sent a dream to Huang Zuntian after reading the emails.

It had been too long since they had contacted each other. He had to show concern lest Huang Zuntian change his mind or suffer.

The dream was in front of the eighteen peaks of the Jade Pure Sect.

Huang Zuntian opened his eyes and hurriedly bowed when he saw that it was Han Jue.

“Master, you’re too powerful. That was ten thousand Divine Authority Generals, equivalent to ten thousand Great Dao Sages. It’s said that twenty thousand Divine Authority Generals appeared later. This matter has already spread like wildfire in the Chaos. You’re already the strongest Chaotic Fiendcelestial. There are even rumors that you’re the strongest in the Chaos!” Huang Zuntian said excitedly.

The strongest in the Chaos!

Han Jue was secretly pleased. He remained calm and said, “I had no choice. How have you been? Do you need my help?”

Huang Zuntian hurriedly said, “How can I need your help? It’s all thanks to you that I can be where I am today. Otherwise, I would have died in the mortal world back then. Your actions can give me countless inspirations. You can guard the Heavenly Dao. I’ll help you obtain Life sooner or later. I can contribute more to you when I become the Life Lord!”

He began to talk about his recent encounters, becoming more and more high-spirited.

Han Jue listened carefully. Huang Zuntian’s story was indeed legendary. Han Jue felt that it was much more exciting than his. He went from a captive to someone in charge of the Life faction, and he even inherited the Providence Mystical Power of the Calamity Life Controller.

Although he was promoted by a benefactor along the way, it was also fought for by Huang Zuntian. “I will create a huge domain for you and expand the Heavenly Dao’s territory one day!” Huang Zuntian waved his sleeve and said with a confident expression. He was like a completely different person from when he was in the Jie School.