Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 861 Four Million Years Old, Upgrade of the Book of Misfortune

Han Jue spent a thousand years preaching to Liu Bei, allowing him to completely step onto the path of the Great Dao of Extreme Origin.

After that, he didn’t chase Liu Bei out and let him cultivate in the Daoist temple.

The Daoist temple fell silent.

Han Jue continued to comprehend the power of creation.

Time passed quickly.

The universe of stars kept evolving. More and more stars appeared and gathered to form a magnificent galaxy and sea of stars. There were also thousands of forms in the stars, and the entire universe became colorful.

On the other side.

In the depths of the chaos.

Huang Zuntian was the first to land on a barren continent.

“Everyone, start searching in groups of three. You must find the Fiendcelestial Origin!” Huang Zuntian instructed. With that said, the hundreds of Lives immediately dispersed.

Then, Huang Zuntian flew alone and quickly traveled above the ground.

“It should be here.”

A voice sounded in Huang Zuntian’s mind. It was Primordial Origin.

They had long fused. Primordial Origin was now assisting Huang Zuntian. Although he had failed to break through to the Primordial Fiendcelestial, his ambitions had never been extinguished.

Huang Zuntian asked in his mind, “What should I do after finding the Fiendcelestial Origin? Revive the Fiendcelestial?”

“How is that possible? I want you to become a Chaotic Fiendcelestial before turning into the Primordial Fiendcelestial.”

Primordial Fiendcelestial!

Huang Zuntian’s heart skipped a beat and his expression became complicated. The legend of the Primordial Fiendcelestial had long spread throughout the Chaos. In the past, everyone treated the Primordial Fiendcelestial as the greatest evil, but everything changed again ever since the Chaotic Fiendcelestials were destroyed by the Divine Authority Generals.

Unknowingly, all living beings had already begun to forget the Primordial Fiendcelestial. All sorts of rumors pointed to the Great Dao Divine Spirits, claiming that the Primordial Fiendcelestial was only a pretense. The Great Dao Divine Spirits used the excuse of capturing the Primordial Fiendcelestial to destroy the Chaotic Fiendcelestials. It was the truth.

Huang Zuntian originally thought that the Primordial Fiendcelestial was fabricated. He didn’t expect it to really exist.

“Will I be discovered by the Great Dao Divine Spirits if I become a Primordial Fiendcelestial?” Huang Zuntian asked in his mind.

“Don’t worry. No one in the world has seen a Primordial Fiendcelestial, including the oldest Divine Spirits.”

Huang Zuntian was relieved when he heard that. His eyes revealed anticipation.

An hour later.

A voice sounded, “Life Lord, the Fiendcelestial Origin is here!”

Huang Zuntian immediately moved away.

He came to a bottomless valley. A Life floated in the air and looked down.

Huang Zuntian immediately entered the valley and disappeared.

A hundred thousand years passed.

Han Jue opened his eyes. Liu Bei was no longer in the Daoist temple.

Liu Bei had quietly left tens of thousands of years ago.

He looked outside the Daoist temple.

Liu Bei was under a tree, with flowers and plants within a radius of fifty feet. They were red and green.

Han Jue smiled. He deliberately covered the Third Dao Field with the Great Dao of Extreme Origin because he wanted to give birth to lives when he preached the Dao to Liu Bei.

The universe without living beings was deathly silent.

He had to create living beings if he wanted to comprehend the power of creation. In the entire universe of stars, only Han Jue’s third Dao Field had flowers for now. The flowers were also spirits, but they were faint and not worth mentioning.

But this was a good start.

Han Jue didn’t mind. He just left it to time.

He checked the emails.

(Your good friend Huang Zuntian has fused with the Fiendcelestial Origin and transformed into a Chaotic Fiendcelestial.]

(Your disciple Dao Sovereign has grasped the Chaotic Domain. His cultivation has increased greatly.)

(Your good friend Evil Heavenly Emperor established the Heavenly God General. His cultivation has increased greatly.]

(Your good friend Foolish Sword Sage comprehended the Sword Dao and was attacked by a mysterious mighty figure.]

(Your disciple Zhou Fan discussed the Dao with your enemy, the Seven Dao Sage. His cultivation has increased.]

[Your good friend Immortal Emperor Samsara has comprehended the Great Dao of Reincarnation. His soul has entered the Great Dao.] Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

(Your enemy Primordial Ancestor God has fused with a Divine Authority General and suffered a backlash.]

Huang Zuntian had become a Chaotic Fiendcelestial?

It was so easy?

Han Jue raised his eyebrows. This Primordial Origin was interesting.

The Chaotic Fiendcelestial was not so easy to replace.

Below that were mostly opportunities.

Zhou Fan and the Seven Dao Sage were together again. Zhou Fan’s favorability did not decrease, which meant that he was not bewitched by the other party. The two of them might be friends.

No matter what, Zhou Fan indeed owed the Seven Dao Sage. If not for him, Zhou Fan would have died thousands of times.

Han Jue narrowed his eyes. His attention was attracted by the Primordial Ancestor God.

What was this fellow doing?

He had actually fused with a Divine Authority General!

It seemed that this fellow was indeed very careful, afraid that he would fail in the battle with Han Jue.

Han Jue took out the Book of Misfortune and immediately started cursing the Primordial Ancestor God.

However, his curse missed. He couldn’t curse the Primordial Ancestor God at all. This made him very angry. No matter how angry he was, he could only give up.

Then, Han Jue teleported to the main Dao Field.

He began to observe the Heavenly Dao. There was no danger. The Foolish Sword Sage, Red Fate, and Great Sage Void Soul were still cultivating in peace. Everything seemed so calm.

Han Jue returned to the third Dao Field after observing the situation.

He suddenly thought of Jiang Jueshi.

His expression changed as his will jumped onto the chaos. His gaze quickly captured Jiang Jueshi.

Jiang Jueshi was still wandering in the Chaos. Han Jue began to fabricate a lie and moved the space where Jiang Jueshi was to the vicinity of the universe of stars.

He moved so quickly that Jiang Jueshi didn’t even notice.

Han Jue smiled. He began to look forward to the scene of Jiang Jueshi accidentally entering the universe of stars.

Then, he continued cultivating.

Year after year passed.

Nearly twenty thousand years later.

[Detected that you are four million years old and your life has taken another step forward. You have the following choices:]

(1: Exit seclusion immediately and promote the reputation of the Primordial Fiendcelestial. You can obtain a Great Dao Fragment, a Primordial Fragment, a Creation Spirit Stone, and a Great Dao Sage-level guard.)

[2: Maintain your seclusion and cultivate in a low-profile manner. Stay away from trouble. You can obtain a Great Dao Fragment, a Primordial Fragment, a Creation Spirit Stone, and a Heavenly Dao Spirit Stone.)

Han Jue’s eyes lit up. He had never yearned to obtain the Heavenly Dao Spirit Stone so much.

Furthermore, the system was so considerate. It didn’t put the Heavenly Dao Spirit Stone in the first option.

He immediately chose the second option.

(You chose to maintain your seclusion and cultivate in a low-profile manner. You obtained a Great Dao Fragment, a Primordial Fragment, a Creation Spirit Stone, and a Heavenly Dao Spirit Stone.]

Han Jue took out the Creation Spirit Stone and fused it with a ball of Fiendcelestial Qi.

He then took out the Heavenly Dao Spirit Stone and the Book of Misfortune and chose to fuse them.

The Book of Misfortune was already a Great Dao Supreme Treasure. Above that was the Ultimate Dao Treasure!

The Ultimate Dao Treasure, the Book of Misfortune, should be able to curse the Primordial Ancestral God!

Han Jue was looking forward to it!

The Primordial Ancestor God was fusing with a Divine Authority General. This was not a good thing. He had to resolve it as soon as possible.

He waited for the Book of Misfortune to level up after fusing with the Heavenly Dao Spirit Stone.

Han Jue didn’t wait in vain and continued cultivating

Outside the Daoist temple.

Under the tree.

Liu Bei opened his eyes and looked at a white flower in front of him. This white flower was 30 centimeters tall and had leaves like swords.

“It has finally begun to absorb Spirit Qi. I wonder how its potential is...” Liu Bei muttered with anticipation.

He knew that his potential was average, so he wanted to nurture a team for Han Jue.

He was already a Sage. Previously, he had used his Sage Sense to observe this universe. The entire universe was still in the process of derivation. Perhaps a world-shattering genius would be born in the future.