Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 864 Change of Position, Five Great Divine Punishers

“Then, how can you be sure that Pangu didn’t loot all those treasures?” Jiang Yi asked with a frown.

Lao Dan rolled his eyes and said, “Pangu is not such a person. He was also the one who revealed the address of the Daoless Deep Region.”

Jiang Yi was skeptical.

Zhao Xuanyuan was deep in thought.

Dao Sovereign said, “Laozi, the Heavenly Sect Master, and the Heavenly Lord of Primordial Beginning are formed by Pangu’s essence soul. It’s normal for them to be taken care of by Pangu.”

Lao Dan raised his head proudly, as if saying, “Hurry up and praise me.”

“By the way, is the Daoless Deep Region dangerous?” Jiang Yi suddenly asked.

Dao Sovereign and Zhao Xuanyuan immediately looked at Lao Dan.

Lao Dan was stunned.

He thought of his experiences over the years and shivered.

Could it be…

No!

......

Impossible!

How could he be so unlucky?

Lao Dan turned to look at Dao Sovereign and the other two with a faint gaze.

Dao Sovereign and the other two were embarrassed by the stare and turned their heads away.

…

In the endless sky, amidst layers of clouds.

The Divine Robe Daoist landed on a circular stone platform. Dozens of Great Dao Divine Spirits were around him, all chatting.

“The leader of the Divine Spirits has really changed?”

“I’m not sure.”

“Who is the Ultimate God of Punishment?”

“I’ve heard of him. He’s said to be an ancient existence who survived the Fiendcelestial Era.”

“The Fiendcelestial Era… That’s indeed impressive…”

“The Ultimate God of Punishment had offended the leader of the Divine Spirits in the past and was sent to the lowest level of the Chaos to suppress the Evil Vengeful Spirits. I didn’t expect him to return.”

The Great Dao Divine Spirits discussed among themselves. The Divine Robe Daoist did not participate.

He knew that the more he said, the more mistakes he would make.

He just had to wait and see. In any case, he had already betrayed the Great Dao Divine Spirits.

At this moment, the head of the Holy Mother of Order emerged from below. It was even larger than a mountain. It quickly rose and looked down at all the Great Dao Divine Spirits.

The Great Dao Divine Spirits immediately bowed to her.

The Holy Mother of Order did not say anything and waited in front of the stone platform.

After a long while…

A black light descended from the sky and landed on the stone platform. The Ultimate God of Punishment slowly walked out.

His black hair was still disheveled, and the blood on his black armor was still there, as if it could never be washed away.

The terrifying killing intent shocked the Divine Spirits into retreating. The atmosphere was solemn.

The Ultimate God of Punishment scanned all the Divine Spirits and asked, “Who else isn’t here?”

The Great Dao Divine Spirits looked at each other and did not dare to answer.

The Ultimate God of Punishment smiled. “It’s fine. I’ll investigate clearly. Those who don’t come today will die.”

The Great Dao Divine Spirits were silent.

“Holy Mother, long time no see. I didn’t expect you to still be here.” The Ultimate God of Punishment looked at the Holy Mother of Order and smiled. However, his smile was sinister and cold.

The Holy Mother of Order replied indifferently, “I didn’t expect you to still be here.”

The Ultimate God of Punishment smiled faintly. “The Holy Mother of Order is called the Order, but she always attacks for the sake of so-called favor. She repeatedly violated the order and is considered to have severely neglected her duty. However, I am the new leader of the Divine Spirits. I will let bygones be bygones.”

The Holy Mother of Order was silent.

The Ultimate God of Punishment scanned all the Great Dao Divine Spirits and said, “From today onwards, the Chaos should stir up a new chapter. The bad habits of the past cannot be left behind. I want the Chaos to prosper and not be as dead as today. Everyone knows that the reason the Chaos is like this is because of you. You’re afraid of the rise of the younger generation. You’re afraid of being replaced.

“However, this is a huge mistake!

“I request that each of you lead at least a hundred worlds to develop. Every world must nurture a Great Dao Sage. This does not include the world you created. If you have already created the world, it must be destroyed. If you are unwilling, I will personally take action to destroy you and the world!”

The Great Dao Divine Spirits were in an uproar, but no one dared to resist.

The Ultimate God of Punishment continued, “The legend of the Primordial Fiendcelestial is only a lie. The Primordial Chaos is a hypothesis. The time I survived far exceeds your imagination. However, I’ve never seen the Primordial Chaos with my own eyes, let alone the Primordial Fiendcelestial. Previously, it was only an excuse used by the Primordial Ancestor God to eliminate the Chaotic Fiendcelestials. There’s no need to investigate the Primordial Fiendcelestial in the future. If a new Chaotic Fiendcelestial is born, don’t make things difficult for it. There’s no deadline for the mission I gave you previously. I’ll investigate at any time. Once I start investigating, there won’t be any mercy.

“The Primordial Ancestor God is already dead. I won’t refuse if you want to follow in his footsteps.”

Primordial Ancestor God!

The Great Dao Divine Spirits looked at each other. This was the first time they had heard the name of the leader of the Divine Spirits.

The Ultimate God of Punishment waved his sleeve and turned around. “Go down and execute it. I’ll split the Great Dao Divine Spirits into three grades. The first grade is the highest and is the level of the Holy Mother of Order. The power and rules you control will also surpass the other Great Dao Divine Spirits. This is your opportunity. I’ll personally reshuffle the list. Who is the Higher God and who is the Lower God depends on your efforts.”

With that, he vanished.

The Great Dao Divine Spirits heaved a sigh of relief. They subconsciously turned to look at the Holy Mother of Order, but she had already disappeared.

The Divine Spirits immediately left.

They only dared to communicate after leaving this domain.

The Divine Robe Daoist left alone. He wanted to tell Han Jue this news. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

A continent floated quietly under the dark purple starry sky.

Han Tuo, Yi Tian, and the three Great Dao Divine Spirits meditated and cultivated.

The starry sky suddenly tore open and an eye appeared. It was ten million times larger than this continent.

The five new Great Dao Divine Spirits suddenly looked up and saw the eye. They immediately stood up in fear.

Being stared at by this eye, they felt a chill down their spines and felt uncomfortable.

“The Primordial Ancestor God has already been killed by me. I’m the Ultimate God of Punishment. I’ll be the new leader of the Divine Spirits from today onwards. The five of you will follow me from now on and serve as the Five Great Divine Punishers to supervise the Great Dao Divine Spirits.”

The Ultimate God of Punishment’s voice fell softly, but the expressions of the five changed drastically.

Although they didn’t know who the Primordial Ancestor God was, they understood what he meant.

The previous leader of the Divine Spirits was dead!

Impossible!

Han Tuo was the most shocked.

Could it be arranged by his father?

This voice was very unfamiliar to him.

Could it be such a coincidence? He had just asked his father for help hundreds of thousands of years ago, and the leader of the Divine Spirits changed owners?

Han Tuo didn’t dare to think too much or tell anyone.

The hole in the starry sky vanished. The Ultimate God of Punishment’s eyes disappeared and everything returned to normal.

Han Tuo and the others immediately met. They began to communicate and were all very shocked. They even guessed that it was a trap.

Inside the Daoist temple.

Han Jue opened his eyes, which meant that another hundred thousand years had passed.

He stood up and teleported to the main Dao Field before jumping into the Universal Hall.

Only Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du was in the hall. Seeing Han Jue appear, Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du immediately summoned the other Sages.

“Heavenly Sage, I disturbed you because the situation in the Chaos has changed,” Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du said in a low voice.

From Fellow Daoist Han to a Heavenly Sage, their relationship had clearly changed.

It felt like they were superior and subordinate.

Han Jue didn’t feel uncomfortable. Instead, he was secretly pleased.

A wise man submits to the circumstances!

Han Jue said, “Let’s wait until all the Sages are here.”

Soon, the other Sages arrived. The Foolish Sword Sage, Red Fate, Great Sage Void Soul, and the Sacred True Martial Buddha also came. After hundreds of thousands of years, they had already obtained the Heavenly Dao merit and fused with the Heavenly Dao’s providence. They could barely come to the outside of the 33 Heavens, but they still could not enter the 33rd Heaven. They couldn’t even create clones to enter the Heavenly Dao. This was the Heavenly Dao’s self-protection ability.