Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 969 First Attempt at Creation Heaven’s Chosen

The Holy Mother of Order said a lot, but it was nothing more than the analysis of the situation.

Han Jue waited for her to finish before saying slowly, “Since the Holy Mother wants to resolve this karma, come to my Dao Field. You should know where it is. Our Dao discussion can also prove your attitude to many mighty figures.”

The Holy Mother of Order was silent.

Han Jue was not in a hurry. The opportunity was in front of her.

If she rejected, Han Jue would also forcefully invite her to be a guest. After a long while… UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

The Holy Mother of Order said, “Alright!”

Han Jue smiled and nodded before breaking through the dream.

He opened his eyes and thought for a moment. He would first take everyone in the third Dao Field into the Primordial World and release them after subduing the Holy Mother of Order. After all, she was also a Great Dao Supreme and could easily injure the others in the Dao Field.

The Holy Mother of Order arrived quickly.

She didn’t hide her aura. In the chaos, she was like a bright lamp moving through the darkness.

She came to the third Dao Field and bowed slightly.

Han Jue used the derivation function. After confirming that there was no danger, he moved the Holy Mother of Order in and directly used the Great Change Sealing Palm to forcefully seal her. Then, he released the disciples, Liu Bei, Xing Hongxuan, and Qingluan’er into the Primordial World. He then teleported to the main Dao Field and threw the Holy Mother of Order into the Primordial Heavenly Prison.

The Holy Mother of Order sat beside Han Jue and stared at him calmly, not panicking at all.

Han Jue couldn’t be bothered to say anything.

He began to cultivate.

Time passed quickly.

A hundred thousand years passed quickly. The Holy Mother of Order had yet to be enslaved, but she had already lost consciousness. She sat in meditation like a statue.

Han Jue opened his eyes. He was in a good mood.

All these years of cultivation caused his cultivation level to steadily increase. Although the Dao Creator Realm was still far away, it was fine as long as he became stronger.

After dealing with the Nine-Headed Divine Spirit, there should be no more trouble in the Chaos for a long time.

The current Han Jue stood at the peak of the Chaos and had overwhelming power. No one dared to find trouble with him unless those ancient mighty figures who had been suppressed for a long time had already been abandoned by the era and couldn’t see the situation clearly.

Even so, he would not let his guard down.

For example, the Ninth Chaos directly suppressed the Nine-Headed Divine Spirit and waved his hand to revive all living beings. Han Jue was an ant in front of him.

There were five Dao Creators!

Han Jue looked at the situation of himself with the Ninth Chaos and seriously suspected that the other four Dao Creators might also have their own world. It was as vast as the Chaos and was created with the boundary evidence, so they rarely interfered with the Chaos.

Of course, he was only guessing.

In any case, the Chaos was definitely the strongest world. After all, the Ninth Chaos was the strongest.

The value of the Ninth Chaos was 100 quadrillion years, while the Dao Creator was 1 quadrillion years. The difference was obvious.

Han Jue started to check his emails.

(Your good friend Jiang Yi was attacked by an Inauspicious Evil) x60982321

[Your disciple Dao Sovereign was attacked by an Inauspicious Evil) x73110720

(Your good friend Evil Heavenly Emperor has received guidance from a transcendent existence. His cultivation has increased greatly.)

[Your good friend Huang Zuntian has entered the Divine Authority Domain. His providence has increased.]

[Your son Han Huang was attacked by a mysterious mighty figure.]

(Your good friend Azure Heaven Mystic has entered the Chaotic crack.]

(Your descendant Han Yu has comprehended the true meaning of the Heavenly Dao and learned a great Mystical Power.]

[Your son Han Tuo received guidance from your good friend, the Ultimate God of Punishment. His cultivation has increased greatly.)

Peace was really good.

Han Jue looked at his friends in the emails who had obtained different opportunities and felt relieved.

What was so good about fighting?

Han Jue began to look forward to the Chaotic Assembly. This event encountered many twists and turns. He had to open it!

Han Jue continued cultivating after reading the emails.

Tens of thousands of years later.

The Holy Mother of Order was successfully enslaved and developed a favorable impression of him.

After instructing the Holy Mother of Order and letting her out, Han Jue continued cultivating.

No matter what, the cycle of seclusion could not change.

Just like that, Han Jue only ended his cultivation after another hundred thousand years.

He sent a dream to the Evil Heavenly Emperor.

In the dream, Han Jue smiled and said, “Your Majesty, Huang’er is already old enough. Do you want to arrange a marriage for him? It’s also a good thing if you and I become in-laws.”

The Evil Heavenly Emperor was dissolute and had countless sons. He definitely had a daughter.

Evil Heavenly Emperor immediately smiled. “I also have the same intention. Then, I will definitely choose the woman with the best appearance to marry Huang’er. It’s just that Huang’er doesn’t like women. The only woman close to him is Qing’er.”

“Tell him that I need him to spread my bloodline.”

“Alright, hahaha!”

The Evil Heavenly Emperor laughed. He coveted Han Huang’s bloodline. It would be a good thing if he could spread his bloodline in the Heavenly Court.

Han Jue brought Xuan Qingjun to the third Dao Field after the dream ended.

She was finally pregnant after the two of them struggled for a period of time.

Han Jue clearly felt the pressure of some rule, causing his bloodline to be unable to completely enter Xuan Qingjun’s body. Furthermore, she couldn’t withstand it.

The potential of this fetus was at most on par with Han Tuo.

Han Jue established a new Daoist temple for Xuan Qingjun beside his Daoist temple. Then, he sent a dream to Han Yu after she settled down.

He hoped that Han Yu could marry the woman beside him as soon as possible. These words made Han Yu very embarrassed, but he didn’t dare to refuse.

Han Jue smiled in satisfaction after doing all of this.

He hadn’t used the Creation Heaven’s Chosen yet.

Actually, Han Jue could also use it directly. This way, his current children might obtain a Great Creation. However, this was not a good thing

What would Han Huang think if Han Tuo or Han Qing’er obtained it?

What would happen to Han Huang if he obtained it? He would definitely overturn the world in the future. Han Jue remembered clearly the future he created for Han Huang.

This kid might face a calamity. He had to control him well.

In addition, Han Jue also hoped that his bloodline could be passed down generation after generation. It couldn’t be that the higher the seniority, the stronger the talent. That would only lead to ruin.

Moreover, the Creation Heaven’s Chosen had been used more than once. If someone was lucky and was chosen, that would be fate.

A year later.

Xuan Qingjun’s child was born. It was not a son, but a daughter. Han Jue named her Han Ling

Just like how he treated Han Qing’er, Han Jue took the time to accompany her as she grew up.

Han Ling wasn’t as lively as Han Qing’er. She was more reserved and rarely spoke.

Xuan Qingjun continued to cultivate after Han Ling grew up. Ignoring her, Han Jue let his daughter stay in his Daoist temple and cultivate beside him.

Han Jue could sense that Xuan Qingjun didn’t like Han Ling that much. She seemed to want a son more.

Han Jue began to use the Creation Heaven’s Chosen upon seeing that his second daughter had already entered a cultivation state.

[Activate the Creation Heaven’s Chosen. A random Great Creation will appear among your children.]

(Your daughter Han Ling has awakened an Innate Great Creation-Primordial Emperor Star]

[Primordial Emperor Star: Born as an Emperor and unaffected by rules. The Emperor Qi quills the soul. The comprehension is unparalleled. Can use the power of creation to cultivate the Emperor Army.)

As soon as these three lines of words appeared, Han Ling, who was beside Han Jue, suddenly changed. Strange purple Qi surrounded her body.

At the same time, above the Chaos, the three thousand Great Dao trembled, as if welcoming the arrival of a supreme existence.