Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 999 Brother of the Strongest Existence

Chu Shiren fought Zhao Xuanyuan. Logically speaking, Zhao Xuanyuan was stronger. After all, this fellow had also been comprehending the Great Dao Providence Divine Authority during this period of time.

However, the truth surprised Han Jue again. Chu Shiren actually won.

Zhao Xuanyuan’s Great Dao Providence Divine Authority was clearly inferior to Dao Sovereign’s, and Chu Shiren’s Buddhist Dharma had already reached the Great Dao Realm. Although he was at the early-stage Great Dao Sage Realm, his Dharmic powers were like the late-stage Great Dao Sage Realm. It was quite magical.

However, because Zhao Xuanyuan was also not famous, Chu Shiren did not cause as much of a stir as Dao Sovereign. Most living beings did not even put him in the powerful competition of the Ten Absolutes.

The battle continued.

In the future, Hidden Sect disciples would appear every two rounds at most. The spectators in Ten Ultimate City sighed.

If not for the Chaotic Assembly, how long would the Hidden Sect have hidden its strength?

Han Ling was also shocked. How did her father gather so many geniuses?

The Hidden Sect occupied more than twenty spots among the top hundred geniuses in the Chaos…

Han Ling looked at her father. Han Jue’s expression was calm as he stared at the sky in a daze.

Half a month later.

There were 25 geniuses left. One of them was left out. Zhao Shuangquan was lucky to obtain this spot.

After that, the chances of Hidden Sect disciples meeting each other increased.

Guan Bubai fought the Flesh Fiendcelestial and won.

Li Yao fought the Nine Yin Fiendcelestial and

won.

The Heavenly Constellation Fiendcelestial fought Jiang Yi and won.

In the courtyard of Ten Absolute City.

Zhao Xuanyuan, Jiang Yi, and Lao Dan surrounded Dao Sovereign. Not far away, the other Hidden Sect disciples were looking up at the sky to watch the battle.

“Tsk tsk, I didn’t expect that only you of the three brothers could survive until the Ten Absolutes.”

Lao Dan sighed. He had accompanied the three of them for ten million years and knew their potential and strength. He originally thought that all three of them could enter the Ten Absolutes.

Unexpectedly…

Zhao Xuanyuan and Jiang Yi were also very depressed.

Dao Sovereign smiled. “That’s normal. After all, Master has always taken good care of his disciples. As his cultivation level continues to break through, the Spirit Qi in the Dao Field will also increase. Sometimes, he will even preach the Dao. Even a dog or chicken can ascend to the heavens.”

Two pairs of eyes landed on him, but he ignored them.

Lao Dan looked at the Great Dao Sages of the Hidden Sect and sighed. “In this Ten Absolutes, the Hidden Sect will occupy half of the spots.”

He suddenly felt that Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du was really wise.

Having Han Jue as a backing was much more promising than staying in the Human School. The battle for the Ten Absolutes continued.

Ten Absolute City had already begun to make all sorts of predictions about the Eternal Peak. There were even gambling dens.

It was worth mentioning that Han Huang’s support rate was not the highest. The highest support rate went to Formless World.

Formless World was too strong. Every battle ended very quickly. Most importantly, the opponent couldn’t touch him at all.

Han Huang and Dao Sovereign were ranked second and third.

On the other side.

At the edge of the Chaos, a rolling black aura surged in the boundless mist. The scene zoomed in, and one could see that the black aura came from dozens of pits in the ground, like smoke spilling out of a volcano.

The black aura surged violently, and a figure could be vaguely seen floating inside.

The figure expanded at a speed visible to the naked eye. Soon, it was like a mountain giant hidden in the black mist.

“Chaos… It’s time to overthrow it…”

A hoarse voice slowly sounded, its tone filled with terrifying hatred.

In the hall, the mighty figures were discussing a name, Murong Qi.

Murong Qi had just defeated a Chaotic Fiendcelestial of the Hidden Sect. He only needed another battle to become one of the Ten Absolutes.

Han Jue was very satisfied with Murong Qi’s performance. He discovered that many disciples had given him a surprise.

After another battle, there were only 13 people left in the Chaotic Assembly. Among them, Zhao Shuangquan got a free pass.

The last battle was not an internal fight of the Hidden Sect. It lasted for half a day.

Now, there were twelve victors. Seven of them were from the Hidden Sect. They were Han Huang, Dao Sovereign, Guan Bubai, Chu Shiren, Li Yao, Murong Qi, and the Heavenly Constellation Fiendcelestial.

Including Zhao Shuangquan, there were a total of eight of them. The terrifying dominance made the various factions tremble.

They had witnessed every battle with their own eyes and knew that the strength of the eight Hidden Sect disciples was not exaggerated. The Ultimate God of Punishment did not deliberately side with the Hidden Sect. Otherwise, the number of internal conflicts in the Hidden Sect would decrease greatly. Almost all of the eight Hidden Sect disciples who stood out stepped on their fellow disciples to ascend.

“Currently, thirteen geniuses are competing for a spot among the Ten Absolutes. Zhao Shuangquan, Li Yao, and Chu Shiren, who have the lowest cultivation levels, can choose their opponents. The winner will enter the Ten Absolutes and will be conferred as a Great Dao Divine Spirit. The loser will be eliminated and enter the Hundred Sovereigns!”

The Ultimate God of Punishment’s voice resounded throughout the city, causing all living beings to discuss intensely.

The three of them were all geniuses of the Hidden Sect. If they chose to challenge the other four geniuses who did not belong to the Hidden Sect and won…

Nine out of ten were geniuses of the Hidden Sect?

Gasp

At this moment, countless living beings were shocked.

The Ultimate God of Punishment waved his hand and moved the thirteen geniuses into the hall.

The thirteen geniuses were stunned. They felt a terrifying aura coming from all directions. They looked up and saw the Divine Might Heavenly Sage and the Ultimate God of Punishment looking down at them from above.

The Ultimate God of Punishment said, “Zhao Shuangquan, Li Yao, Chu Shiren, the three of you can choose your opponents.”

The three of them looked at each other and hesitated.

From the looks of it, they should not challenge their fellow disciples, but the remaining four had ridiculously high cultivation levels. The weakest was at the late-stage Great Dao Sage Realm, and two of them had even reached the Great Dao Supreme Realm.

Whoever faced them would die!

Han Jue said, “Choose according to your heart. At this point, you should think for yourself.”

The three of them heaved a sigh of relief. The mighty figures also quietened down. Only they knew what they were thinking.

“Senior Guan, I challenge you!”

Zhao Shuangquan took a step forward and pointed at Guan Bubai.

Guan Bubai raised his eyebrows and was secretly unhappy. They treated him as the weakest!

He didn’t say anything and just nodded proudly.

The Ultimate God of Punishment immediately sent the two of them into the battle space.

The battle was about to begin. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Han Ling asked, “Father, who do you think will win?”

Han Jue shook his head and didn’t say anything

From his cultivation and performance, Guan Bubai was more than a little stronger than Zhao Shuangquan.

However, he couldn’t stop Zhao Shuangquan from cheating

With Zhao Shuangquan’s cultivation level that had just attained the Great Dao Sage Realm, he should not even be able to advance to this stage. However, this fellow had won all the way and had turned the tables many times.

Others didn’t know Zhao Shuangquan’s background, but Han Jue knew that this was the true strongest brother.

Zhao Shuangquan was suppressed by Guan Bubai the moment the battle began.

Guan Bubai was the Unbeatable Fiendcelestial. He relied on his Unbeatable Dao heart and used his full strength.

Zhao Shuangquan’s Mystical Power was impressive and exquisite. Unfortunately, he couldn’t defeat Guan Bubai.

Five minutes later.

Zhao Shuangquan was completely defeated.

Guan Bubai smiled in satisfaction.

He didn’t care about Zhao Shuangquan’s indignant gaze.

Han Jue secretly thought that Guan Bubai would probably be pestered by Zhao Shuangquan in the future.