Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1004: ‘Holy Level: Awe of the Phoenix’!

Translator: Dragon Boat Translation Editor: Dragon Boat Translation

“Resurrection?”

Looking at this scene, Lin Xiu raised his brows slightly.

These ‘living’ Respected warriors have a faint dark blue light on their bodies.

“kill him!”

Huangfu Zhong stared at Lin Xiu sternly, then said coldly.

In the next moment, all these living dead rushed towards Lin Xiu!

What a fast speed!

Seeing this scene, the pupils in Lin Xiu’s eyes could not help shrinking.

The speed of these Respected warrior-level warriors who have become living dead is almost comparable to that of Sage warrior!

And what are those dark blue lights on their bodies?

Just as those living dead were about to reach Lin Xiu, a loud noise suddenly erupted.

boom boom boom —

At this moment, these living dead people actually exploded!

Huangfu Bai also unfolded his ‘Sphere’ directly at this time and his body flew directly into the air.

The explosion was so terrifying, the whole ground shook as if there had been a 12-magnitude earthquake!

In the area affected by the explosion, the entire ground collapsed.

The artificial angel seemed to feel the powerful energy fluctuations at this time and automatically deployed an energy barrier for defense.

“It’s equivalent to the explosive power of more than 100 Respected warriors. I don’t believe that you’re still not dead yet.”

The figure of Huangfu Zhong also flew into the air.

Looking at the huge mushroom cloud created by the explosion below, he muttered to himself coldly.

The warriors in the entire Sage warrior space felt this strong vibration and they were all shocked.

“This… what’s going on?”

Ji Mei, who was in the ancient ruins, also felt the terrifying shock around her.

And the ancient ruins she was in also seemed as if it was about to collapse.

At this moment, he quickly fled this place.

“We’re probably in big trouble when we return.”

Huangfu Bai looked at Huangfu Zhong who was not far away and said aloud.

“En.”

Huangfu Zhong nodded at this time.

Although Lin Xiu was now ‘dead’, this time, their Divine Domain has also lost a lot.

Too many elite warriors died and even Huangfu Lin, a Sage warrior, died.

In addition, in the previous Tianjiao competition, two warriors were beheaded by Lin Xiu – the current Divine Domain has been hit hard.

“This thing, I think I can take it back.”

Huangfu Bai looked to the other side at this time.

As the dust from the explosion slowly dissipated, the figure of the artificial angel appeared again.

The artificial angel did not suffer any damage at this time because of the energy barrier.

“Wait.”

At this moment, Huangfu Zhong seemed to have thought of something and the expression in his eyes changed slightly.

“What’s wrong?”

Huangfu Bai was startled for a moment.

His eyes subconsciously looked over.

As the dust slowly dissipated, a figure slowly appeared at this time.

“This…”

Huangfu Zhong’s eyes widened, his eyes filled with disbelief.

Impossible, this kid, it is impossible that he’s still alive!

“Cough, I almost died…”

Lin Xiu’s figure slowly flew into the air at this time, wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth and said lightly.

The ‘Holy Light battle suit’ he was wearing was covered in stains.

But there was no sign of tatters at all.

After all, this is an S-class battle suit.

The explosion just now was indeed too terrifying, Lin Xiu, who unfolded the ‘Sphere’, was almost unable to resist.

But, don’t forget, Lin Xiu has the skill of ‘Golden Body Immortality’.

At the moment of the explosion, the ‘Golden Body Immortal’ skill was activated and the terrifying explosion was already blocked. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The remaining impact forces didn’t have much impact on Lin Xiu.

At most he just suffered a little injury.

Because of the explosion just now, the entire ground collapsed to the point that a sinkhole appeared.

It was clear how horrifying the explosion was just now.

“You’re not dead yet.”

Huangfu Zhong gritted his teeth and said.

“I’m really sorry, I’m not dead yet.”

Lin Xiu said lightly.

With a wave of his right hand, in the next moment, the Dark Edge spear on the ground flew directly into Lin Xiu’s hand.

At this time, the Dark Edge spear in his hand suddenly burst into a dazzling light.

The spear body turned into a transparent glass.

“I also have a skill, I’ll let you take a look.”

Lin Xiu said indifferently and in the next moment, he waved the spear in his hand.

Boom—

The entire sky instantly turned into a sea of ??fire.

“This… what is this!?”

Because of the appearance of this sea of ??fire, the surrounding temperature instantly heated up.

It’s hot, it’s really too hot.

And in the sea of ??fire in the air, a huge flaming phoenix, as if reborn from ashes, rushed out from the endless sea of ??fire.

Every feather of this flaming phoenix seems to be composed of flaming birds.

The entire flaming phoenix is ??extremely huge, as if it can cover the entire sky.

‘Holy Level · Awe of the Phoenix’!

“Leave!!!”

When Huangfu Bai and Huangfu Zhong saw this scene, the expressions in their eyes changed greatly.

Terrible, it’s really too terrifying.

Such terrifying skill, they simply have no way to resist.

Even if they use ‘Sphere’, they all feel that their bodies will be annihilated directly.

“go!”

Lin Xiu waved his spear and at the next moment, this huge flaming phoenix charged towards Huangfu Bai and Huangfu Zhong who were fleeing at an extremely fast speed!

“Let’s split up!”

Huangfu Zhong roared loudly, then split up with Huangfu Bai.

“Humph!”

Looking at this scene, Lin Xiu snorted coldly and the flaming phoenix charged towards Huangfu Zhong, who fled to the other side.

Huangfu Zhong’s strength was relatively weak in comparison and he has just used such a powerful source mark power, he must have used up quite a bit of source strength.

At this time, out of the corner of Huangfu Zhong’s eyes, he saw the flaming phoenix coming from behind.

His eyes were full of fear.

The flaming phoenix flew over, covering all the space above his body.

The terrifying burning sensation made him feel like he was in a furnace.

“what!!!”

Seeing that the flaming phoenix was about to hit his body, Huangfu Zhong roared angrily and the whole body’s source strength was released at this moment.

Form a more powerful ‘Sphere’ to protect his body.

Because he found that now he has no way to escape the impact of this flaming phoenix!

Boom—

At the next moment, the flaming phoenix finally hit his body.

The incomparably hot temperature was transferred to his body in an instant.

The ‘Sphere’ condensed by the source strength of his whole body was melted away at a speed visible to the naked eye at the moment when the flaming phoenix charged.

Huangfu Zhong wanted to roar, but he couldn’t roar at all.

The terrifying flame directly burned his body to charred black.

At the next moment, at a speed visible to the naked eye, he slowly turned into a white bone and scattered on the ground.

“Huangfu Zhong!”

Seeing this scene, Huangfu Bai couldn’t help roaring loudly.

Huangfu Zhong just died like this!