Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1034: Darkness Planet

Translator: Dragon Boat Translation Editor: Dragon Boat Translation

“I don’t know.”

Ouyang Hang gave a cold laugh. Then, with the sword in his hands, he chopped off one of the man’s arms!

Boom – –

One of his arms was gone!

There was fresh red blood everywhere.

“AHHHHH!!!!”

When he felt the pain, the man gave out a loud cry in agony.

“Tell me who it is.”

Ouyang Hang continued asking him in a cold tone,

There was no space for negotiation in his eyes.

Then, he lifted up the sword that was now covered in blood. If this man didn’t give him an answer that he was happy with, he would then chop him into two halves!

“It’s the Sun family! The Sun family was the one who told me to do it!”

The intense pain and the fear of death finally forced it out of the man.

He gritted his teeth as he told Ouyang Hang who it was.

“The Sun family…”

A murderous intention flashed in Ouyang Hang eyes as he was suddenly reminded on something.

Then, the long sword was swung and the man was then sliced into two.

Dear readers! you are reading on our content copy site.Please copy and search this link " https://bom.so/sBJMIa " to support us

“NOOOOO!!!!”

The man screamed out loud.

As the sword went past him, a streak of fresh blood splattered on the ground.

“Huuuu…”

Seeing how the ground had now filled the ground, Ouyang Hang started panting.

“Thank you.”

He turned around and looked at Lin Xiu.

He knew that it was Lin Xiu that allowed him to suddenly become so powerful.

If it wasn’t because of Lin Xiu, he would have died today.

Lin Xiu shook his hands and joked with Ouyang Hang, “Our dear Mr Ouyang, how on earth did you end up in such a miserable state?”

He thought about the past that they had back in the academy and Lin Xiu couldn’t help but smile.

He didn’t think that time would pass so quickly.

“There are lots of rank 9 warriors that appeared on earth recently.”

Ouyang Hang gave a bitter smile.

For some reason, the energy in the air seemed to be much richer these few years.

This allowed the warriors to cultivate and grow even faster.

It was extremely difficult to raise a rank 9 warrior but now there were a whole lot of them.

“Those people have been hired by the Sun family to kill me.”

“I didn’t think that they would go this far.”

Ouyang Hang spoke to Lin Xiu in a helpless tone.

“But….thank god you appeared.”

Ouyang Hang looked at him with eyes filled with gratitude.

“I was just passing by. You got lucky.”

Lin Xiu laughed.

He was indeed telling the truth. He was just passing by in the air when he noticed that it was Ouyang Hang.

If it wasn’t because of him, Ouyang Hang would have definitely died.

“Should I buy the lottery then?”

Ouyang Hang joked as well.

“Right, how long would my strength last for?”

Ouyang Hang suddenly thought about it and asked.

He thought that Lin Xiu had used some weird skills on him which allowed his strength to permanently increase.

“Ouyang Hang, that’s an insult to me.”

Lin Xiu smiled uncontrollably.

Ouyang Hang was stunned. His body trembled uncontrollably as he asked, “You’re saying that…”

“Your strength now is permanent.”

Lin Xiu answered calmly.

At his current level, Lin Xiu’s body was completely filled with energy.

It was a piece of cake to release a small amount of it in order for Ouyang Hang to reach rank 9.

“I feel that I owe you even more now.”

After trying to calm himself, Ouyang Hang told Lin Xiu in a bitter tone.

“It wasn’t much. You don’t have to think too much about it.”

Lin Xiu chuckled.

“Alright. I have to leave now. We’ll meet again if we have the chance.”

He looked at his watch and said to Ouyang Hang.

“You’re leaving earth again?”

Ouyang Hang was surprised as he subconsciously asked.

“En.”

Lin Xiu nodded his head and with that, he completely disappeared.

Seeing how Lin Xiu had disappeared into thin air, Ouyang Hang still felt that everything was a dream.

“He…..is still so strong.”

Ouyang Hang couldn’t help but sighed.

No….he’s much stronger now.

Ever since they were still in Sacred Region Academy, he has taken Lin Xiu as his lifetime nemesis.

However, he didn’t think that Lin Xiu would be so far ahead of him.

As time passed, Lin Xiu was only getting stronger.

This time, Lin Xiu only had to control his mind a little in order to help him get onto another level.

“I am indeed much worse than you.”

Ouyang Hang sighed.

But, he didn’t feel defeated and instead, there was a smile on her face.

“Are you leaving now?”

Lin Xiu had just returned to the Luo family and was ready to bid them goodbye before leaving for Namir Planet once again.

“En.”

Back at the courtyard, Lin Xiu nodded his head when he heard Luo Yan’s question.

He only returned back to earth to meet Luo Yue.

But….he didn’t think that such a thing would happen to him.

It was completely unnecessary for him to stay on earth.

He only had two things to do now; get the Orchid of Heaven and get information about the warrior god realm.

“En. Be careful.”

Luo Zhen told Lin Xiu.

“I will.”

Lin Xiu answered him with a smile.

“I want to follow you there as well.”

Luo Yue turned towards Lin Xiu and asked.

Ever since she went to the Marqi Planet, Luo Yan knew that being a rank 9 warrior wasn’t the end.

The road of being a warrior was endless.

“No way. You should just stay here on earth.”

Lin Xiu shook his head and immediately refused her.

“Why not?! I am a respected warrior now! I want to take a look there and find news about the warrior god realm! You are not dependable!”

Luo Yan stretched her eyes wide as she stared at Lin Xiu.

“Yan’er! That’s enough.”

Luo Zhen couldn’t help but frown as he stared at his daughter.

“A respected warrior? There are respected warriors everywhere on that planet. Even a 10 year old boy can be a respected warrior.”

“It is extremely dangerous for you to be there.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Lin Xiu quickly shook his head.

“Hmph!”

After hearing what Lin Xiu said, Luo Yan could feel that the Namir Planet was a dangerous place but she was still mad.

“By the way, Lin Xiu….if it’s possible, I may need your help with something.”

Luo Zhen hesitated a little when he saw Lin Xiu leaving but he still decided to ask for a favour.

“Yes, Uncle?”

Lin Xiu immediately asked.

“I’ll get to the point. Could you please try to get some information about the Darkness Planet when you are on Namir Planet?”

“Darkness Planet?”

Lin Xiu frowned when he heard what Luo Zhen had asked him to do.