Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1035: Stealing the Angel?

Translator: Dragon Boat Translation Editor: Dragon Boat Translation

Darkness Planet. That’s a place Lin Xiu has never heard of.

Seeing how Lin Xiu was looking a little confused, Luo Zhen continued, “I have a son, Huatian, who said that he wanted to visit another planet but we still have not heard from him. I don’t know how he is now.”

“I heard previously that he wanted to visit this planet.”

“En. I’ll try and see what I can find.”

Lin Xiu quickly nodded his head.

Luo Huatian….if it wasn’t because of Luo Zhen, he would have forgotten about this person.

Luo Yue’s brother was already known as someone extremely strong when he was in his younger days.

He went to another planet as well?

Darkness Planet? The name itself doesn’t sound like someplace fun. Why on earth would he be there?

“Alright. So sorry for troubling you.”

Luo Zhen felt bad and he sounded apologetic.

“It’s alright.”

Lin Xiu shook his head.

“I’ll be leaving now.”

Then, Lin Xiu turned around and walked back to the cave where the teleportation device had been placed.

“Lin Xiu! You have to bring back my sister or else you are not allowed back here!”

Seeing how Lin Xiu was already leaving, Luo Yan screamed at him.

Lin Xiu continued walking out of the house. He raised his hand and gave her an ‘okay’ sign.

He will definitely find Luo Yue. This was something that he must do.

“No matter where you are, I will find you.”

Soon, Lin XIu arrived at the save once again.

As Lin Xiu placed the odd crystal into the device, he activated it and soon, there was a bright light that flashed across his eyes.

Boom – –

A loud sound came from the teleportation device.

Then, Lin Xiu has once again returned to the basement.

As soon as he returned to the basement in Namir Planet, Lin Xiu could hear noises from outside the basement.

“Hmm?”

The noise was getting louder. Lin Xiu couldn’t help but frown.

It sounded as if there was a huge fight happening outside.

Lin Xiu slowly walked out of the basement and that’s when he noticed that there was a large number of warriors right outside the basement.

All of them were attacking the Angel.

“Continue attacking it so that we can destroy her energy barrier!”

There was a warrior standing on top of a flying android that shouted to the rest of the warriors.

The Angel was kneeling motionlessly on the ground because of the commands given by Lin Xiu. She held onto her shield and she didn’t defend herself. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

She could feel the warriors attacking them which was why her energy barrier was released.

“I can clearly feel that there is a large energy core inside her body. We have to get her!”

One of the men had his eyes set on the Angel and there was a greedy look in his eyes.

“Kill them.”

Lin XIu had just walked out of the basement and he gave his commands when he saw how these warriors were continuously attacking the Angel.

With his commands, the Angel’s eyes shone brightly with a purple colour in her eyes.

The Angel that was motionless the entire suddenly stood up on its feet!

The rest of them, who were still trying to destroy the energy barrier with their warrior skills, were all shocked.

How did she suddenly move?

Just when they were still in shock, the Angel picked up its pike and started attacking them!

Boom boom – –

Seeing how the Angel was attacking them, the entire ground started shaking vigorously.

The warriors, who were still attacking the Angel, were all killed by the large pike!

“Why is she moving?!”

The rest of them were shocked to see what was happening.

When they got here, the Angel was in a resting mode and has always been this way.

But suddenly, this thing started moving on its own!

“Who are you?!”

Then, some of the warriors finally realised that near the tunnel, there was a man standing there.

“You are attacking my things.”

Lin Xiu looked at the rest of them and answered in a cold tone.

“Yours?!”

“This robot is yours?”

The warriors frowned when they heard what Lin Xiu said.

Some of the warriors who were fighting the Angel didn’t get the chance to run and there was a large number of them that died.

But soon, they finally came back to their senses and quickly dodged the attacks.

All of them look like elites who have been through life and death experience. They definitely weren’t normal warriors.

“Hmm. Anything wrong with that?”

Lin Xiu raised his brows and gave them another question.

“Alright then, young boy. I’m telling you now that from this moment onwards, this thing belongs to our master.”

One of the men answered Lin Xiu.

“You better tell us how to control it and we might just spare your life.”

The rest of the warriors quickly surrounded Lin Xiu.

Boom – –

At the same time, there was a loud explosion coming from the Angel. It seemed to have taken a hard blow and was forced to take a few steps backwards.

A sage warrior?!

Lin Xiu took a look at the scene. He didn’t think that there were sage warriors amongst these people.

“You! I’m talking to you!”

One of the warriors noticed that Lin Xiu was ignoring them and he frowned. He grabbed his sword and was about to place it on Lin Xiu’s neck.

Boom – –

Then, Lin Xiu moved his arm and caught the sword that was coming at him with two fingers.

When the man saw how Lin Xiu was holding onto his sword with only two fingers, the look in his eyes changed.

He threw some force into his sword.

But….no matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t move his sword at all.

The sword was being tightly held by Lin Xiu.

“What’s goingo n?”

The rest of them asked impatiently.

The warrior, whose sword was being held by Lin Xiu, felt helpless. This was because he realised that he couldn’t do anything with Lin Xiu grabbing onto his sword.

“You’re asking for it!”

The man got furious. There was a bright red sourcemark that could be seen on his forehead.

It was a fire element sourcemark.

Then, the sourcemark directly headed towards Lin Xiu!

Boom – –

With the flames coming at him within such a short distance, Lin XIu’s body was completely covered by it.

The man had a hideous look on his face as he thought that Lin Xiu would be dead after being buried in such thick flames.

But….the thing that happened next shocked him.