Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1037: Killing Sage Warriors for EXP

Translator: Dragon Boat Translation Editor: Dragon Boat Translation

The man who was sitting on the flying android started screaming out loud at the warriors attacking the Angel and he was getting crazier with every passing minute.

Boom – –

The warriors used a number of warrior skills to attack the Angel.

Although the Angel had an energy barrier protecting it, the energy barrier was about to be destroyed due to how it was being continuously attacked.

The Angel then attacked them with the pike in its arm but most of the warriors managed to dodge the attack.

!!

“This robot is so powerful. It has the same abilities as a sage warrior!”

“Break the energy barrier and hand it over to the young master!!!”

Some of the warriors started shouting.

“Move.”

Just as they were screaming and were heading for the Angel, there was a loud voice that appeared out of nowhere.

Boom – –

All of the warriors around the Angel felt a strong surge of energy coming from the other direction.

Then, all of them were forcefully pushed away by the Angel.

“What’s happening?!”

The man on the flying android, who was busy eating while looking at the fight, suddenly opened his eyes wide in shock.

“Young master, looks like there are other warriors in here.”

“Changxin and the rest of them near the tunnel have been killed.”

Another warrior ran from the other side and was panting as he reported it to his young master.

This young man was their young master, Bai Zhanfei.

“It’s that kid?”

Bai Zhanfei was still sitting comfortably on his android and pointed at Lin Xiu, who was floating in the air near the Angel.

“I think so…”

The warrior nodded his head.

“Just kill him.”

Bai Zhanfei casually gave out another order.

For him, killing Lin Xiu was a piece of cake.

“Yes, Sir!”

The warrior nodded his head and ran towards Lin Xiu.

“Young Master has given his commands to kill this man!”

As he screamed, all of the warriors around turned towards Lin Xiu who was in the air.

The rest of them, who had been thrown onto the ground by Lin Xiu, crawled onto their feet as well.

They were staring at Lin Xiu with vicious eyes.

“36 respected warriors and 3 sage warriors.”

Lin Xiu, who was in the air, took a look around and counted the number of warriors and their grades.

Lin Xiu couldn’t help but frown.

It would definitely be a little difficult to deal with 3 sage warriors at the same time.

But….he could kill all of the respected warriors first.

He could take it as a chance to get more EXP.

Boom – –

At that moment, there was a large amount of warrior skills energy that rushed towards Lin Xiu!

Lin Xiu quickly released his ‘sphere’ in return.

All of their attacks were blocked by Lin Xiu’s ‘sphere’.

Lin Xiu, who was in the centre of it, did not suffer any damages.

Then, the crystal ball of earth started glowing around Lin Xiu’s neck and the entire ground started shaking.

What on earth is happening?! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The warriors, who were all standing on the ground, looked shocked when they felt the ground shaking.

Boom boom boom – –

Then, all of a sudden, the rocks on the ground turned into sharp cones that came rushing from the ground beneath them!

Some of the warriors that did not notice what happened were pierced to their death as the sharp cone went through their bodies.

“Dirty tricks!”

The three sage warriors present were all middle aged men.

When they saw what Lin Xiu was doing, they roared in rage and headed towards Lin Xiu.

Then, they started attacking Lin Xiu’s ‘sphere’!

Each of them were holding onto a sword, a machete and a spear as their weapons.

Their weapons were gold in colour as if they were made of a special type of gold.

“Hmph!”

Lin Xiu looked at the three of them that were attacking them and sneered.

His body flickered and he disappeared into thin air.

The sage warriors had to quickly stop themselves, in order not to hurt each other.

“What did the kid use?!”

One of the warriors who held onto the sword was confused. His eyes were opened wide and he couldn’t believe his eyes.

He was also a sage warrior but the kid had just disappeared instantly, as if he had teleported!

Boom – –

However, when they turned around, they saw Lin Xiu behind them waving his long spear in the air.

As the long spear was spinned in the air, there were countless terrifying flaming birds that were released as well.

The temperature of these flaming birds was too high which caused the place to get much hotter than before.

“AHHHHHH!!!”

Then, as the flaming birds rushed towards the sage warriors, there were screams of pain and agony that could be heard.

Some of the warriors that were attacked by the flaming birds could still feel the temperature of it even with their ‘sphere’s released.

The ‘sphere’ that they had felt as if they were about to melt.

Without the ‘sphere’ protecting their body, their bodies would not be protected from the terrible hell fire and all of them were burnt into ash.

“What on earth is that?! It’s getting so hot!”

Bai Zhanfei threw his fruits onto the ground and screamed in anger.

When he looked at the fight happening a distance away, he could clearly see Lin Xiu, who had released a large number of flaming birds that were attacking his men.

They were killing all of the warriors that they came in contact with!

Within a blink of an eye, dozens of warriors died.

“Please calm down, young master.”

One of the warriors next to Bai Zhanfei quickly spoke up.

As he swung his arm, the temperature around him dropped by a few degrees celsius.

“Rubbish!”

Bai Zhanfei looked at the three sage warriors that survived and shouted at them.

“Kill that kid now! I want that robot!”

At the same time, the sage warrior who was about to attack Lin Xiu, noticed the Angel who was coming from behind them with a pike in its arm.

“Damn it!

The three of them were stunned and dodge it subconsciously.

One of them who had the spear, turned around and attacked the Angel instead as he tried to dodge the attack!

It seemed that the Angel had exhausted most of its energy from before and it could no longer use the energy barrier to protect itself.

Clang – –

When the spear in his hands got into contact with the body of the angel, there was a loud sound along with sparks that appeared in the air.

But, there was nothing that happened to the Angel!