Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1043: I Am An Ordinary Person

Translator: Dragon Boat Translation Editor: Dragon Boat Translation

As these flaming birds converged, a huge incomparable flame was instantly formed.

From this flame, the flaming phoenix flew straight out.

It’s like being reborn from the ashes!

“retreat!”

The other three Sage warriors wanted to attack, but when they saw the terrifying flaming phoenix rushing towards the line, they were shocked.

Soon, the flaming phoenix charged out.

It collided with the flame dragon released by the source mark power of the fire attribute Sage warrior.

Compared with the huge flaming phoenix, this flame dragon was like a small insect.

The flame dragon was annihilated directly.

The flaming phoenix continued to charge toward the fire attribute warrior.

“Ah fire, hurry up and dodge!!!”

A Sage warrior who had already jumped to the other side, looked at the Fire Attribute Sage warrior over there and shouted loudly.

However, the battle of this fire attribute Sage warrior and Lin Xiu just now made him doubt his life.

He was a warrior who specializes in fire attributes. In the entire Planet Namir, he has never met a warrior who specializes in fire attributes stronger than him.

The flame he used was the most powerful, how could he be defeated by a young boy!

His heart roared and in the next moment, his body was also covered by a large number of fiery red flames.

“Destroy!”

Lin Xiu immediately showed a sneer when he saw that he wanted to fight fire with fire.

With a wave of the spear in his hand, the flaming phoenix swooped down from the sky!

“what!!!”

The fire attribute warrior made a huge roar at this moment.

All the source strength of his body has been mobilized, forming a huge red and bright flame and it also charged towards the flaming phoenix!

boom–

The two flames collided and made a dull sound.

The fire attribute warrior was still roaring loudly.

His source strength was constantly transformed into this terrifying flame.

Those flames were still fighting against the flaming phoenix.

But the flame of this flaming phoenix was ??indeed too terrifying, it was obviously stronger than the flame he condensed.

Under this situation, the Sage warrior realized that his own flames could no longer suppress the impact of this flaming phoenix!

At the next moment, with a loud sound, the flaming phoenix finally charged down, directly hitting this Sage warrior’s body.

Boom—

At this moment, the entire ground made a loud noise.

No!

The incomparably hot temperature of the flaming phoenix made this Sage warrior roar in his heart.

His body which had been tempered by flames had an extremely powerful resistance to flames. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Why, why is his flame so much stronger than his own?

But now he couldn’t think so much.

The terrifying power of the flaming phoenix directly roasted his body.

boom–

As the flames slowly dissipated, his entire body fell directly to the ground.

Another Sage warrior died in Lin Xiu’s hands.

“Ah!!! Go to hell!!!”

The warrior representing the wood attribute immediately went crazy when he looked at the corpse of the fire attribute warrior.

boom–

At this time, watching a large number of vines grow around and coming towards him, Lin Xiu’s ‘Sphere’ was unfolded directly.

Those vines touched Lin Xiu’s ‘Sphere’ and in the next moment, they were directly stained with those dark blue flames on the ‘Sphere’.

Soon, these vines were burned directly.

For Lin Xiu, it didn’t cause any harm.

“Three.”

Lin Xiu raised his eyes to look at them at this time and said lightly.

He just killed those two Sage warriors and his experience suddenly increased by 20%!

In other words, if he killed a Sage warrior-level warrior, he could increase his experience by 10%!

Now that he had reached this level, it was very difficult to continue to level up.

The experience of killing these Sage warriors made Lin Xiu excited.

Looking at the remaining three Sage warriors, Lin Xiu became even more excited.

He had an adrenaline rush!

“What the hell are you… who are you!”

The three Sage warriors looked at Lin Xiu and looked towards them and their eyes were filled with a hint of fear.

From just killing three Sage warriors in a row, now Lin Xiu had killed two members of their “Five Elements Sage warriors”.

What a terrifying strength this is!

And Lin Xiu looks so young!

“Aren’t you guys sick of asking the same question.”

Lin Xiu raised his brows and said lightly.

“I’m just an ordinary person.”

Lin Xiu said indifferently, holding the Dark Edge spear in his hand and approached them step by step.

“Stop there!”

The wood-attribute Sage warrior watched Lin Xiu approach and a green source mark appeared on his forehead.

In the next moment, the surrounding ground surged and a large number of vines grew from the ground.

Soon, the vines that grew out gathered together crazily.

In the next moment, a huge vine giant formed and attacked the approaching Lin Xiu!

“This kind of thing should be very afraid of fire, right?”

Lin Xiu looked at this scene and sneered.

Against the power of the wood attribute, Lin Xiu had no fear at all.

Looking at the giant vines attacking him, Lin Xiu waved the Dark Edge spear in his hand and flames burst out directly.

Charge towards the vine giant!

At this moment, a blue light bloomed on the forehead of the water-attribute Sage warrior.

Suddenly, a large number of water droplets condensed in the air.

Soon, those water droplets gathered.

Forming a stream of water dragons, they charged towards Lin Xiu’s flaming bird.

“Humph!”

Lin Xiu snorted coldly, a sneer appeared on the corner of his mouth.

The Heart of Frost was activated.

Soon, the surrounding air seemed to become cold.

Those water dragons that were directly solidified.

and then fell to the ground.

At this time, all the flaming birds hit the vine giant’s body.

Boom—

The vine giant, at this moment, was directly hit by the flaming bird and burned instantly.

“‘Earth Dragon Split’!”

The Earth-attribute Sage warrior roared and there was a khaki source mark on his forehead.

The surrounding rocks gathered into huge earth dragons, which attacked Lin Xiu directly.

“The power of the earth attribute, I know that too.”

Looking at this scene, Lin Xiu didn’t dodge at all and he didn’t even unfold the ‘Sphere’.

The earth attribute energy ball in the neck collar lit up at this moment.