Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1103: Capture Baidi City!

Translator: Dragon Boat Translation Editor: Dragon Boat Translation

At this moment, a voice came from above the sky.

A middle-aged man from the Bai family looked up at the sky and he could clearly see Lin Xiu’s figure.

At this time, Lin Xiu’s body was suspended in the sky and a large number of Bai family warriors could be seen below.

“Bai Tao is not an easy chap.”

At this time, another Sage warrior from the Bai family spoke to the middle-aged man from the Bai family just now.

“Humph!”

The man known as Bai Tao snorted coldly at this time.

He looked at Lin Xiu who was floating above the sky, his eyes were full of killing intent.

“This time, the family ordered it, you guys better kill him quickly.”

Bai Tao looked at the surrounding warriors and said coldly.

This time, in addition to Bai Tao, the Sage warrior-level warrior, there were also five Sage warrior-level warriors.

Now these five Sage warrior-level warriors have been suspended in all directions of the sky.

It was blocking any direction Lin Xiu could escape.

bang bang bang-

And those warriors sitting on the aircraft, at this time, started to activate the laser cannon and blasted towards Lin Xiu in the sky.

Lin Xiu, who was suspended in the sky, snorted coldly as he watched the laser cannons charging towards him.

With his right hand, he took a direct shot at the laser cannons that were charging and all those laser cannons were sent flying. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

In turn, it blasted towards the aircraft!

boom boom boom —

At this time, the aircraft exploded and fell from the sky.

“Go!”

When Bai Tao saw this scene, his face became sinister.

He looked at the five Sage warriors from all sides and said aloud.

At this moment, the five Sage warriors rushed towards Lin Xiu.

Their speed was very fast, but in Lin Xiu’s eyes, it was nothing.

Lin Xiu, who has now reached level 68, was far more powerful than the average Sage warrior-level warrior.

These sage warriors were all holding long swords.

Surrounding Lin Xiu, they stabbed him.

swoosh—

Seeing that they were about to stab him, Lin Xiu’s figure disappeared!

what happened?!

Seeing this scene, the expressions in the eyes of the five Sage warriors changed slightly.

Boom—

And in the next moment, the dark blue flaming birds charged towards them!

not good!

The expressions of these five Sage warriors changed greatly and they directly unfolded their ‘Sphere’.

Those flaming birds hit their ‘Sphere’ in an instant.

Although separated by the ‘Sphere’, the scorching flame of the flaming bird still made them feel an extreme burning sensation.

Make them feel like their bodies are about to be melted away.

Taking a closer look, Lin Xiu’s figure had already appeared on the other side of the sky.

Holding a spear in his hand, he danced in the air.

As the spear danced, in the next one, a large number of flaming birds burst out from the dark spear in Lin Xiu’s hand.

boom boom boom —

Those flaming birds hovered in the air and charged toward the rest of the Bai family warriors!

Those aircraft in the sky, hit by the flames, all exploded directly.

As soon as those Respected warrior-level warriors unfolded the ‘Sphere’, their ‘Spheres’ were directly burned and melted by the terrifying flame of the flaming birds.

Without the protection of the ‘Sphere’, the flames would instantly erode their bodies.

“what!!!”

The incomparably hot flames instantly made their bodies fall to the ground.

Bai Tao’s eyes widened as he watched this scene. He had no idea that Lin Xiu’s strength would be so powerful.

“No wonder Elder Bai and the others died at the hands of this kid…”

At this time, Bai Tao mumbled to himself.

Although there were five Sage warriors this time, but… Bai Tao still had a bad premonition.

“Damn!”

He cursed secretly, then picked up his contact device.

At this time, the five Sage warriors finally broke free from the flaming birds released by Lin Xiu.

They looked battered at this time.

The power of the flaming birds that Lin Xiu unleashed just now was simply too great.

They could still feel the heat all over their bodies.

“Don’t let your guard down, this kid is not an ordinary warrior!”

One of the Sage warriors has now become extremely cautious.

At this time, these five Sage warriors were all about to release their domain forces at the same time, directly suppressing Lin Xiu.

“Tsk tsk.”

Seeing this scene, Lin Xiu immediately showed a sneer.

With a wave of the right hand, with the release of white light, all their domain forces disappeared!

how can that be!?

These Sage warriors, who clearly felt all this, widened their eyes at this time and their eyes were full of disbelief.

swoosh—

And at this time, Lin Xiu, who was originally on the other side of the sky, flashed and disappeared instantly.

Before the Sage warrior in the south could react, he saw Lin Xiu holding a spear and appearing in front of him!

The pupils in his eyes shrank and he subconsciously held the long sword in his hand to resist!

Dang–

With a crisp sound, the long sword in his hand was directly blown away!

‘Torrential storm of rose flowers’!

And at the next moment, Lin Xiu continued to stab out with the spear in his hand!

At this moment, the spear suddenly transformed into thousands.

‘Sphere”!!!

This Sage warrior roared in his heart and was about to unfold his ‘Sphere’.

Thousands of spears pierced his ‘Sphere’.

With that powerful impact, even if he unfolded the ‘Sphere’, at this time, he could clearly see a large number of cracks appearing on it.

His entire body also fell.

“Humph!”

Looking at this scene, Lin Xiu snorted coldly and he flew down.

The Dark Edge spear he was holding instantly transformed into a ferocious tiger as he flew straight down!

boom–

Before the Sage warrior could react, the Dark Edge spear, which was like a tiger rushing down, smashed him into pieces.

In the next moment, the Dark Edge spear directly penetrated the head of this Sage warrior!

A Sage warrior was killed by Lin Xiu just like that!

“This is impossible…”

When the other four Sage warriors saw this scene, the expressions in their eyes changed greatly.

A warrior of the Sage warrior level was killed so easily!?

Moreover, Lin Xiu pulled out the long spear that pierced his head at this time and swung the Dark Edge spear in both hands directly into the air.

boom boom boom —

One after another flaming birds continued to be released, charging toward them.

With his strength getting stronger and stronger, Lin Xiu, now without using system skills, can also fight these ordinary Sage warriors and kill them!