Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1108: City Lord Ning Tianluo

Translator: Dragon Boat Translation Editor: Dragon Boat Translation

Bai Rui and the others were all killed just now, how could Lin Xiu still have such a powerful force!

It seems that his power is inexhaustible!

Looking at Lin Xiu who was still fighting, his eyes were full of disbelief.

boom boom boom —

Now, as Lin Xiu swung the Dark Edge spear in his hand, more and more flaming birds were continuously released.

!!

Charging towards those Sage warriors.

There was a constant loud noise in the whole sky.

But facing more than twenty Sage warriors at the same time was exhausting for Lin Xiu as well. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

While using his body skill to dodge, Lin Xiu directly used ‘Source strength control’!

Because of the ‘Reset’ refresh, this skill can be used again.

And with the release of ‘Source strength control’, the surrounding source strength, including some of the source strength on the Sage warrior’s body, quickly converged on Lin Xiu’s body!

At this time, there was still shock in the eyes of those Sage warriors.

They didn’t seem to understand at all why the source strength in their bodies would all converge towards Lin Xiu at this time.

Lin Xiu, who had absorbed a lot of source strength, had already reached an extremely strong level at this time.

And at this moment, Lin Xiu directly used the system skills.

‘Exotic summoning’.

With the use of the skill, at this moment, a huge hole was torn apart in the surrounding space.

In the next moment, the huge black alien beast rushed out from the broken space.

what is this!?

Some Sage warriors clearly saw this scene and the expressions in their eyes changed slightly.

When they raised their eyes to look over the space crack, they could clearly see the alien beast that climbed out and attacked them!

boom–

A Sage warrior-level warrior was caught off guard by the huge black claws of the alien beast and was immediately sent flying!

His body also slammed into the ground below and a loud sound erupted.

Roar–

At this time, this huge alien beast made a loud roar and frantically attacked the surrounding Sage warriors.

Those Sage warriors who were going to continue to attack Lin Xiu in the sky were startled.

They dodged quickly.

The strength of this alien beast is comparable to that of Lin Xiu, so the fighting power that erupted was also extremely strong.

A number of Sage warriors were directly shot away by its huge claws.

At this time, Lin Xiu held the Dark Edge spear in his hand and attacked the rest of the warriors.

Dang dang-

Every time Lin Xiu attacked with the weapon in his hand, he sent the weapons held by the Sage warriors directly into the air!

Because of the ‘Source strength control’ skill, Lin Xiu’s current source strength was extremely powerful.

With the constant release of various skills, the source strength in the body cannot be exhausted at all.

“Ding! Congratulations to the master for killing a Sage warrior-level warrior, you have experience 15494149…”

“Ding!…”

“…”

And at this time, Lin Xiu’s mind kept having system prompts.

These twenty or so Sage warriors were continuously killed by Lin Xiu.

In a short period of time, only the last Sage warrior – Bai Tao was left!

“You… don’t you come here!”

Bai Tao, who was in the air, looked at Lin Xiu and looked at him and his body suddenly trembled.

Terrifying, it’s really too terrifying.

He alone killed almost all the Sage warriors who came from the Bai family.

How powerful is this young man!

At this time, he no longer has any will to fight and the second he moved, he was about to fly away!

“Trying to escape?”

Lin Xiu sneered when he saw this scene.

At this moment, the body disappeared.

Lin Xiu, who was flying in the other direction, suddenly saw a cold light in front of him.

what is this!?

Seeing this flash of cold light, the pupils in Bai Tao’s eyes could not help shrinking slightly.

But before he could react, his eyes widened and he completely lost his voice.

The Dark Edge spear, at this moment, penetrated his head.

“Goodbye.”

Lin Xiu appeared in front of him with a Dark Edge spear and the body of the spear had penetrated his head completely.

boom–

As the spear was pulled out of his head, his body also fell directly from the sky.

“It’s over.”

Looking at this scene, Lin Xiu mumbled to himself.

Because all the Sage warriors of the Bai family should have died.

The rest of the Sage warriors were still performing tasks in various regions of the world and they will not return so quickly.

But for Lin Xiu, even if they came back, it was only a gift of experience.

Lin Xiu’s eyes narrowed slightly as he looked at the battle afar.

“Hmph, just a few of you useless garbage, actually dare to fight me!”

At this time, the city lord of Baidi City, Ning Tianluo looked at Sima Qiang and Zhao Yongyuan, who were standing on his left and right sides and said aloud.

Taking a closer look, Sima Qiang and Zhao Yongyuan both had injuries on their bodies and there was blood flowing from the corners of their mouths.

This Ning Tianluo could become the city lord of Baidi City so obviously he was quite strong.

Although Sima Qiang and Zhao Yongyuan were both warriors of the Sage warrior level, they were not opponents of Ning Tianluo.

“I think… I’ll just kill you first!”

He looked towards Sima Qiang and with a grin, he disappeared.

not good!

When Sima Qiang saw this scene, his expression changed.

When he reacted, Ning Tianluo’s figure had already appeared in front of him!

Ning Tianluo was holding a huge sword.

There is also an eye on this sword, which looks extremely strange.

“die!”

Ning Tianluo, who appeared in front of Sima Qiang, slashed at him with a sword in both hands.

Sima Qiang subconsciously used his long sword to resist.

But Ning Tianluo’s sword was too sharp and terrifying.

His long sword was directly cut in half!

Moreover, Ning Tianluo’s sword also slashed on Sima Qiang’s ‘Sphere’ at this time!

boom–

With a loud noise, a large number of cracks appeared in Sima Qiang’s “Sphere”.

At this time, Zhao Yongyuan held the spear in his hand and attacked from behind.

“Get lost!”

It seemed that he felt Zhao Yongyuan attacking from behind and Ning Tianluo let out a huge roar.

The power of the body, at this moment, completely exploded.

Affected by this terrifying power, Zhao Yongyuan, who rushed over, was directly knocked out!

boom–

His body slammed into the building behind and made a loud noise.