Chapter 1112: Failed to Unlock the Gene Lock!

Translator: Dragon Boat Translation Editor: Dragon Boat Translation

At this time, with the triggering of Lin Xiu’s thoughts, the pile of odd crystals appeared in front of him.

“This is…”

Looking at the scene in front of him, his eyes widened.

There were simply too many of these odd crystals.

And all of them were above the beast emperor level!

!!

The energy contained in it is really powerful.

It was too late for them to think about how these odd crystals suddenly appeared in front of them.

The amount of beast emperor odd crystals had already made them completely shocked.

“Master, this…”

Ye Kai widened his eyes in disbelief.

“You are in charge of splitting it up. In the past few days, you will absorb the energy inside and reach the Sage warrior level as quickly as possible.”

Lin Xiu said lightly.

He needed a strong Sage warrior team.

“Yes!”

Ye Kai restrained his excitement and nodded.

“By the way, these days, you guys are responsible for handling the affairs of Baidi City. I want to be in seclusion.”

Lin Xiu said.

Coming up, the real battle.

At this time, Lin Xiu had already returned to a room.

After taking a deep breath, Lin Xiu entered the system interface.

His experience progress has risen to a little over 90%.

As long as he continued to kill Sage warriors to gain experience, he will be at level 69 soon.

Moreover, the rank 5 gene lock has not been unlocked yet.

Now, Lin Xiu wanted to try it.

“Unlock success rate… 10%!?”

“Consequences of failure: physical destruction.”

This was the prompt to unlock the rank 5 gene lock.

This made Lin Xiu hesitate a bit. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Unlocking the rank 5 gene lock will obviously make a qualitative leap in one’s strength.

But equally, the risk of failure is also very high.

What should he do?

Lin Xiu hesitated.

“Whatever, give it a go.”

But thinking of the crisis he will face next and the need to go to the warrior god Realm to find Luo Yue, Lin Xiu is even more eager to gain power.

At this moment, Lin Xiu took a deep breath and directly clicked the button to unlock the gene lock.

Boom—

At this moment, Lin Xiu felt that his mind was completely blank.

“The gene lock is being unlocked…”

Soon, the system’s prompt was heard in his head.

But soon, the pupils in Lin Xiu’s eyes shrank.

“Unlock failed!”

A cold voice came from Lin Xiu’s mind at this time.

Boom—

In the next moment, Lin Xiu seemed to hear a loud noise.

His body, at this moment, actually exploded!

Lin Xiu’s mind and eyes suddenly turned white.

died…

I’m going to die…

After failing to unlock the gene lock, the body is destroyed!

Lin Xiu now regrets that he was too careless just now. The 10% success rate is really too low.

After some time has passed, just when Lin Xiu thought he was going to die, the whiteness in front of him seemed to disappear at this moment.

Eh?

He could slowly open his eyes and realized that he was still in the room.

“No… not dead?”

Lin Xiu was extremely shocked at this time.

After looking around, Lin Xiu stretched out his hands to take a look and Lin Xiu’s eyes widened.

“Damn!!!”

Seeing the scene in front of him, he cursed.

Because his hands had turned into bones!

The flesh and blood on it were completely gone!

He looked towards the front and under the illumination of the mirror, he could clearly see that his body had turned into… a skeleton!

“It’s really the destruction of the body…”

When Lin Xiu saw this scene, he didn’t know whether to laugh or cry.

Looking down, he didn’t even have a younger brother anymore.

“Fuck!”

Lin Xiu stood up at this time and walked back and forth in the room.

But still no clue.

“Anyway, since the physical body has been destroyed, I shall continue to unlock it!”

Anyway, the failure to unlock the gene lock was just the destruction of the body.

Now that he had become a skeleton, he didn’t care anymore.

Without the slightest hesitation, Lin Xiu entered the system interface and clicked to unlock the gene lock.

“Unlock failed!”

Soon, a cold voice came and Lin Xiu fell to the ground, with a white light in front of him again.

Soon, when he was able to see everything around him again, he found that he was still in the state of a skeleton.

But not dead.

“Very good, then I’ll keep trying, ten percent, I will succeed!”

At this moment, Lin Xiu said aloud like he was talking to himself.

“Unlock failed!”

“Unlock failed!”

“…”

After several times, a voice that made Lin Xiu feel very pleasant finally came.

“Congratulations, Master! Successfully unlocked the gene lock!”

“Finally unlocked successfully!”

Lin Xiu was extremely excited at this time.

And at this moment, he felt that everything around him became different.

His own strength, perception ability and everything else seemed to have undergone special changes.

Taking a closer look, Lin Xiu’s bones turned golden.

It looked so weird.

Boom—

At this moment, a loud noise came from outside.

“Whole city on alert!!!”

Hearing this, Lin Xiu was stunned for a moment.

“Looks like it’s time to get experience again.”

Taking a closer look at this time, above the Baidi City, there were twenty or thirty Sage warrior-level powerhouses, madly waving their weapons and attacking the city below!

After the energy barrier blocked their attacks, a large number of cracks appeared on it.

“To dare to attack Baidi City, it’s just courting death!!!”

These Sage warriors of the Bai family came back from all over the world, or from other planets.

Their eyes were full of anger and they frantically attacked the energy barrier.

As long as they break through this energy barrier, they will be able to destroy Baidi City!

“Damn…”

When Sima Qiang and Zhao Yongyuan in the courtyard of the City Lord council saw this scene, their faces became extremely ugly.

Ye Kai and other warriors at the Respected warrior level are now absorbing the power of the odd crystals given by Lin Xiu.

With the strength of their two Sage warrior-level warriors, there was absolutely no chance of winning against so many Sage warrior-level warriors.

“Let me do it.”

At this moment, Lin Xiu’s figure came from behind.

“Master…”

At this moment, Sima Qiang and Zhao Yongyuan could clearly see a golden skeleton in the back.

Seeing this scene, their eyes widened and they seemed to be taken aback.