Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1116: Holy City

Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Translator: Dragon Boat Translation Editor: Dragon Boat Translation

The odd crystals from a saint beast would not be of much use for Lin Xiu at this point.

But, he can give them to the others so that they could be upgraded into sage warriors.

It wouldn’t work if he was the only one.

The android battle horse was running toward the phoenix and Lin Xiu realised that there were a large number of warriors passing him in the opposite direction.

They were trying to run away from the phoenix/

!!

This looked like a bunch of warriors who wanted to kill this phoenix but they have failed and now, they’re running for their lives.

Boom – –

Lin Xiu, who was on the android battle horse, could clearly see that there was a huge flame headed in his direction!

Lin Xiu did not dodge even when he saw the huge ball of flames.

He quickly released his ‘sphere’ instead.

As the flames landed on Lin Xiu’s ‘sphere’, it did not bring any damage to him.

“Quick! Run!”

Most of the warriors around started screaming anxiously.

Lin Xiu leaped from his battle horse and there was a long, black spear that appeared in his right hand.

With the long spear in his hand, he immediately attacked the phoenix!

The phoenix let out a loud cry and it started flapping its wings.

As it flapped its wings, there were continuously terrible red flames that went after Lin Xiu.

Lin Xiu did not dodge any of them.

His ‘sphere’ was able to completely block the flames.

As he flew in front of the phoenix, Lin Xiu tightened his grip around the long spear and went directly for its head!

Lin Xiu was quick and the phoenix had no place to hide as well.

Boom – –

Then, the long spear went straight through the phoenix’s head.

After getting to level 69, Lin Xiu’s abilities were only a step away from being a warrior god.

It definitely was a piece of cake for him to kill a saint beast that isn’t that powerful like the phoenix.

Boom – –

As Lin Xiu stabbed the long spear through its head, the huge body immediately fell straight onto the ground, causing a loud fall.

It’s finally dead now.

Lin Xiu flew back onto the ground as well. Seeing how the phoenix has fallen to the ground, Lin Xiu swung his long spear and sliced off the head of the phoenix.

Boom – –

With a soft groan, the head of the phoenix was broken into two.

One lage odd crystal then appeared in front of Lin Xiu.

This odd crystal of a saint beast was indeed a good item.

Lin Xiu then placed the odd crystal into his expansion space.

He went back on his android battle horse and was prepared to leave.

After so many days of being on the road, he was getting closer to Holy City.

“You’re the one who killed the phoenix?”

Right at that moment, the warriors who ran away from the scene had returned. When they saw that the phoenix had been killed, they turned toward Lin Xiu.

“What’s wrong?”

Lin Xiu looked at them before asking the rest of them.

Lin Xiu had a mask over his face and with his dark eyes, it made him look incredibly odd.

It gave off a scary feeling.

“Excuse me, we were the one who found the phoenix. Would you be able to give us the odd crystal?”

One of the warriors stepped out and asked Lin Xiu.

Lin Xiu could easily defeat the phoenix who was a saint beast and it obviously showed that he was a powerful man.

But, they would not allow Lin Xiu to leave so easily.

“It’s mine.”

Lin Xiu chuckled when he heard what the man said.

These people had really off logic.

“We are from the Divine Domain. This is something that we were told to get so please return the odd crystal to us.”

The man spoke in a solemn tone.

The headquarters of the Divine Domain was right ahead which meant that this area was under their control.

Therefore, even with the strong abilities that Lin Xiu had shown earlier, he still wasn’t afraid of Lin Xiu.

Since he had the divine domain supporting him.

“Divine Domain?”

Lin Xiu said calmly.

“Give it to me and you will still be friends with the Divine Domain.”

After hearing what Lin Xiu said, he thought that Lin Xiu was now afraid and he let out a cold laugh.

“Are you guys idiots?”

Lin Xiu took a look at them before giving off the comment.

“You…”

“Goodbye.”

Lin Xiu raised his long spear and swung it in the air!

Then, there was a bright arc that appeared which went towards the group of warriors.

Boom boom boom – –

Following the soft groans, the bodies of the warrior instantly blasted into two halves.

Their eyes were opened wide and it was filled with disbelief.

It was something unbelievable for them to suddenly attack them.

“So, I have entered the region under the Divine Domain.”

Lin Xiu did not care about the warriors from the Divine Domain. He went back onto his android battle horse and continued moving forward.

Divine Domain.

There were two huge words that were hung on top of the gates of the city right ahead – Divine Domain.

There were lots of warriors who were entering and leaving the city gates.

This city was called Divine Domain.

Lin Xiu didn’t think that he would get to the headquarters of the Divine Domain on his way to the Holy City.

“Who are you?”

Lin Xiu walked toward the gates of the city and when the guards noticed how Lin Xiu was looking a little odd, they decided to stop him.

“What’s wrong? Why can’t I enter?”

Lin Xiu looked at them and asked carefully.

Lin Xiu, who had a mask on his face, looked at the guards and the looks on their faces changed drastically.

This was because Lin Xiu’s eyes were dark underneath the mask. They couldn’t see Lin Xiu carefully and this sent chills down their spines.

“No one….is allowed to use android battle horses inside the Divine Domain!”

One of the voices of the guards trembled as they spoke to Lin Xiu.

For some reason, he was feeling frightened of Lin Xiu.

“En.”

Lin Xiu nodded his head and got down from his android battle horse.

“Can I enter now?”

Lin Xiu said calmly.

“Of course.”

The guards quickly answered him.

As Lin Xiu walked into the city, the android battle horse followed behind Lin Xiu.

“What’s with that person….?”

The guards looked at Lin Xiu who was leaving and started whispering to themselves.

“I’m not sure as well but that guy seemed a little scary.”

One of the guards said to his comrade.

Lin Xiu, who has entered the city, noticed that this place was huge and it was similar to Bai Di City.