Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1117: News on the Holy City

Translator: Dragon Boat Translation Editor: Dragon Boat Translation

Looks like it’s quite a big city.

Lin Xiu parked his android battle horse by the side and went to one of the underground bars inside the city.

Usually, bars like this would be a place to get missions as well as intels.

Lin Xiu still wasn’t sure about what the Holy City was like and it seems like the information on that city has been blocked on the internet.

This city was a little mysterious.

!!

When he got to the underground bar, Lin Xiu noticed that there were lots of warriors inside it.

As he walked into the bar, it caught most of their attention.

“I want to get some information.”

Lin Xiu sat on one of the tall stools and spoke to the bartender.

“What would you like to ask?”

The bartender asked Lin Xiu with a smile on his face.

“The Holy City.”

Lin Xiu answered softly.

“The Holy City?”

When the bartender heard what Lin Xiu wanted, the look on his face changed.

“I’m sorry but I don’t know much about the Holy City.”

The man shook his head.

Hmm?”

After hearing what he said, Lin Xiu was a little surprised.

He didn’t think that this man would reject him so bluntly.

“Where would I be able to find them?”

Lin Xiu continued asking.

“I’m not sure as well but if you want to head to Holy City, you would have to pass the qualifying test.”

The bartender answered Lin Xiu.

A qualifying test?

How strict were they?

Previously, with the directions placed on the battle horse, he assumed that he would head directly to the Holy City.

He didn’t think much about it but when he got here, he noticed that the location entered was wrong.

This was why Lin Xiu decided to come to the Divine Domain which was closer.

“Where is he?”

“Right inside. I saw him walking into this place.”

Suddenly, with his sharp ears, Lin Xiu heard a voice that came from behind him.

Then, he turned around subconsciously and noticed a large group of warriors walking into the bar.

“The men from the Divine Domain are here.”

The rest of the warriors were whispering amongst themselves.

Most of them stared at the members of the Divine Domain who had a golden combat suit with envious eyes.

This city was under the control of the Divine Domain. Most of the warriors would like to be part of it.

Since the power of the Divine Domain was found all over the planet.

“He’s the one!”

One of the Divine Domain pointed at Lin Xiu who was sitting on a tall stool.

When they heard what the man said, all of the other warriors turned and looked at Lin Xiu.

They were all getting curious now.

This was because Lin Xiu was looking odd. He was weaning huge armour, with a helmet and also a peculiar looking mask.

They couldn’t even see his eyes.

All they could see were two windows that were pitch black and it was incredibly weird.

“You’re the one who took the odd crystal of the phoenix?” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

One of the men walked towards Lin Xiu and asked him about the odd crystal.

“I am the one who killed it so it belongs to me.”

Lin Xiu answered calmly.

So these warriors were here because of what happened just now.

Lin Xiu was still wondering what the issue might be.

“Hmph! This is the Divine Domain! Everything within a hundred kilometres radius belongs to us!”

The man stared at Lin Xiu as he warned Lin Xiu.

“You’re the one who made up the rules?”

Lin Xiu picked up the glass as he answered but when he thought of how he was only a skeleton now and would not be able to drink anything, he was speechless.

“I’m telling you to hand it over. Do you understand?!”

The warrior was obviously mad at Lin Xiu now.

Then, he pulled out a machete and swung it toward Lin Xiu!

All of the warriors around them gasped.

Lin Xiu raised his hand as well and he caught the machete that was right above his head!

Boom – –

The warrior’s face looked shocked when he saw what happened.

This man! This man caught his machete?

When he took a closer look at Lin Xiu, he noticed that there was a thin layer of energy around the armour.

Bakk – –

Then, with only one hand on the machete, Lin Xiu managed to break it!

“Do you still want another one?”

Lin Xiu asked with a monotonous voice.

“Kill him!!!!”

The man was in shock as he stepped back. Then, he screamed at his men.

The rest of the warriors didn’t dare to stay any longer to watch the show and decided to leave.

Lin Xiu sneered. He still had half a piece of the machete that broke and he threw it at the man who attacked him.

When the man saw how the broken piece was coming at him, he quickly released his ‘sphere’ hoping to stop it.

Boom – –

But, the small piece of machete went through his ‘sphere’!

It directly landed on his neck.

With a soft groan, his neck was sliced by the broken pieces of his own machete.

The rest of the warriors held onto their weapons as they attacked Lin Xiu.

Lin Xiu remained on the same spot and he did not move at all.

Boom boom boom – –

Just when their weapons were about to hit Lin Xiu, his ‘sphere’ had already been released!

The outermost layer had a dark blue flame around it

The warriors’ weapon landed on top of his ‘sphere’.

The dark blue flame looked terrifying and it turned their weapons red.

Their faces then showed that they were in pain as they held onto their weapons.

Then, there were smokes that appeared from their hands.

Clang clang clang – –

Suddenly, all of their weapons fell onto the floor.

It was getting too hot and they couldn’t hold it any longer.

Boom – –

Lin Xiu waved his right arm and there were countless terrifying flames that were released.

All of the flames that covered their bodies.

These warriors didn’t even have the time to scream in pain and they were already toasted black by the terrifying flames.

Within a short period of time, he killed all of the warriors from the Divine Domain.

Killing these warriors who were only respected warriors was as easy as killing an ant.

The bartender who was hiding somewhere closed looked frightened and shocked.

Lin Xiu’s abilities were so scary!

“Isn’t this too much?”

Then, there was a voice that came from outside the bar.

“I just got rid of the minions and now the boss is here.”

Lin Xiu didn’t even turn around when he spoke.

He felt speechless as he stared at the wineglass on the table.

It looked like he still couldn’t drink it!

“Hmph!”

A cold snort appeared and the entire ground started shaking!