Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"Reckless!"

The old man let out a low growl. At this moment, he stretched out his hand and continued to shout loudly, "Attack!"

At this moment, all the warriors of the Divine Domain rushed over.

The number is very large, thousands of warriors, all of them are very powerful.

It is the backbone of the Divine Domain.

As soon as the old man's words fell, these warriors released thousands of skills and charged towards Lin Xiu!

No matter how powerful a warrior is, he will die under the attack of so many warriors!

The old man's eyes were full of infinite killing intent at this time.

"Then let me take care of you all at once."

Lin Xiu looked at the thousands of skills that were charging towards him. At this moment, he snorted coldly and all the source strength of his body gathered in the Dark Edge spear.

And at this moment, Lin Xiu activated the system skill the moment he was about to swing his spear.

'Skill Enhancement'!

The enhancement this time was for a special skill, 'Clean sweep', that has not been used for a long time!

"All of you… die!!!"

Following Lin Xiu's loud roar, the Dark Edge spear he held in both hands directly swung out into the air!

Boom—

An extremely strong force charged in all directions.

The surrounding houses were all smashed into countless pieces.

The bodies of those warriors were also directly shattered by this terrifying force.

Although some of them had been prepared and unfolded a 'Sphere', they still had no way to resist such a terrifying skill power.

The domain lord of the Divine Domain, that is, the old man, subconsciously unfolded his 'Sphere' at this time to resist such a terrifying skill.

Soon, as this terrifying power disappeared, everything around seemed to be razed to the ground.

All the warriors in the Divine Realm also died.

All the more than a thousand elite warriors died.

As the surrounding buildings were destroyed, but just after the battle started, the rest of the unrelated warriors had all evacuated, so all the warriors who died at this time were all warriors from the Divine Domain.

"Dead...dead…"

The domain lord of Divine Domain, looking at everything around him at this time, his body trembled.

Divine Domain has groomed so many elite warriors for hundreds of years, at this time, all have been wiped out!

"Who the hell is this…"

"Is the Divine Domain going to be destroyed..."

The rest of the warriors in the city of Divine Domain looked at the scene from a distance and their bodies trembled.

The skill power just now was so terrifying, it seemed that some of the surrounding warriors were directly swept away by the terrifying skill power!

"Who the hell are you!!!"

The domain lord of Divine Domain, at this time, looked at Lin Xiu and roared loudly.

"Remember my name, Lin Xiu."

Lin Xiu said lightly.

Without waiting for the Divine Domain lord to react, Lin Xiu continued to attack him with the Dark Edge spear in his hand!

"You are fighting against the entire Divine Domain!!!"

"The God warrior of the Divine Domain will definitely kill you!"

He looked at Lin Xiu who was rushing towards him and roared loudly at this moment.

"Wait for them, we'll talk when they come."

Lin Xiu said lightly, the Dark Edge spear in his hand had already directly impacted his 'Sphere'.

Boom—

With a loud noise, the body of the domain lord of Divine Domain flew out directly.

And at this time, Lin Xiu's figure flashed and he appeared in the back again.

Continue to attack his body!

This Divine Domain Lord was just like a ball as he flew around the sky getting attacked by Lin Xiu.

There is absolutely no power to fight back!

Soon, a large number of cracks appeared in the 'Sphere' he unfolded.

Snapped--

Soon, it exploded directly. pan(da-n0vel.c)om

The body also fell directly from the sky and fell heavily on the ground below that was flattened by Lin Xiu's skill power.

pfft—

This Divine Domain Lord, spit out a mouthful of blood.

The severe pain from his body made him fall to the ground, unable to move at all.

This time, Lin Xiu directly attacked without giving him a chance to breathe.

That's why the domain lord of this Divine Domain has no chance to fight back.

At this time, Lin Xiu's body also flew down from the air and stood beside him. The head of the Dark Edge spear, which was still stained with blood, pointed at his forehead.

"Do not kill me..."

Looking at the scene in front of him, the body of the Lord of the Divine Domain trembled.

He said with a trembling voice.

He had never imagined just now that Lin Xiu's strength would be so powerful.

He had no power to fight back.

"Tell me, is there any way to enter the Holy City directly."

Lin Xiu said to him indifferently at this time.

Holy city!?

Hearing Lin Xiu's words, his expression changed slightly.

"Speak."

Lin Xiu held the Dark Edge spear in his hand and looked like he was about to use force.

"I

"I'll speak!"

Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Looking at this scene, the Lord of the Divine Domain spoke.

"At our Divine Domain, you can register your information and take the train there!"

"Because the Holy City is the largest and most prosperous city in the world, it is not so easy to get in."

The Lord of the Divine Domain hurriedly continued to speak.

"I want the fastest way."

Lin Xiu continued to speak.

"If you don't say anything, go to hell."

"There is a teleportation array in my mansion, you can teleport directly there!!!"

The domain lord of Divine Domain shouted loudly at this time.

There was a hole in the middle of his forehead and there was blood flowing out.

"There... there is a direct connection to the Holy City Divine Domain branch..."

"Because we have a good cooperative relationship with the Bai family, they allowed me to do this..."

At this time, the domain lord of the Divine Domain said out of breath.

"Can… can you let me go now."

Although he is the domain lord of Divine Domain, he is very afraid of death.

At this age, he is even more afraid of death.

Who doesn't want to live longer...

"Well, bye bye."

Lin Xiu nodded and under the eyes of the Lord of Divine Domain, blood splattered everywhere.

hu—

Lin Xiu walked to the other side at this time and took a deep breath.

The main mansion of Divine Domain is very conspicuous and Lin Xiu can easily find it.

Because just now, the warriors of the Divine Domain had all come out and now the headquarters of the Divine Domain seems to have no other warriors at all.

"The Teleportation Array, it should be around here..."

Lin Xiu found another armor here and after putting it on, he continued to search for the teleportation array at the headquarters of this Divine Domain.

Soon, in the basement, Lin Xiu found it.

It's just that this teleportation array doesn't seem to be activated.

"It should be from here, to the Holy City…"

Lin Xiu looked at the array that had not yet started and said to himself.