Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1130: The Last Warrior Skills Card

“Master!!!!”

As Wang Qiang rushed into the mansion, he was screaming excitedly.

There was a large group of warriors following behind him.

These warriors were the ones from the Dark Shadows.

“City Lord!”

As soon as they walked in, they greeted Lin Xiu respectfully.

Their eyes were filled with excitement as well.

They have just heard of how Lin Xiu had destroyed the entire Bai family in Bai Di City and on their way here, they have already heard of how he managed to destroy the Divine Domain alone.

For someone as legendary as Lin Xiu, it was an exciting moment for them to meet him.

“En. Take a look around and find a place to rest for now.”

Lin Xiu gave his orders.

“Yes, Sir!”

The warriors nodded their heads and did as they were told.

“Wang Qiang, how are your skills now?”

Lin Xiu smiled and asked Wang Qiang who was walking toward him.

“With your help, I am now a sage warrior.”

As he spoke about this, Wang Qiang was trying his best to suppress his excitement.

A sage warrior was something that he could never imagine previously but now, he was one himself.

He felt grateful toward Lin Xiu.

“En, that’s good.”

Lin Xiu nodded his head.

“But, you have just advanced as a sage warrior and your realm isn’t that stable yet. You’ve still got lots to work on.”

Lin Xiu continued.

“En. I will continue working hard.”

Wang Qiang nodded his head.

“Hahahahah….Brother Lin, I’m here!”

At the same time, Wu Hao appeared from behind Wang Qiang.

Following him were a group of men dressed in a special uniform.

It was obvious that these men naturally weren’t true warriors.

“En.”

Lin Xiu smiled as he patted Wu Hao’s shoulder.

“I didn’t think that you would be able to destroy the Divine Domain so easily.”

Wu Hao couldn’t help but exclaimed.

A few days ago, Lin Xiu told them to send over some men because he had just destroyed this place.

When he heard the news, Wu Hao was taken aback.

As he rushed here today, Wu Hao was even more surprised.

This was because there was a part further down that had been destroyed to the ground by a strong energy.

Without any questions, it must have been done by Lin Xiu.

He felt that Lin Xiu’s energy was even scarier than before.

Plus, Lin Xiu was no longer a skeleton. Lin Xiu has regenerated his body successfully!

“Well, I’ll leave the repair work to you.”

Lin Xiu smiled.

“No problem.”

Wu Hao nodded his head.

This time, he had brought along the architecture experts from the Wu Corporates in order to redesign this city.

He would create a city that belonged to Lin Xiu.

“Oh! I have news for you.”

Wu Hao suddenly thought of something.

“What is it?”

Lin Xiu was caught off guard and asked subconsciously.

“I heard that there are ancient ruins near Star City.”

Wu Hao tried to keep his voice low.

“Ancient ruins?”

Although there would always be priceless treasure found in these ancient ruins, Lin Xiu no longer needed them.

This was because the things there were merely items left behind by other sage warriors.

“This isn’t an ordinary ruin. It is related to the Ye family.”

Wu Hao seems to know what Lin Xiu was thinking of and he quickly told him what was more important.

Related to the Ye family?!

Wu Hao’s words caused Lin Xiu’s pupil to shrink.

“I heard that there is a sage warrior skills card that belongs to the Ye family that might be located there.”

Wu Hao continued telling Lin Xiu.

“Give me the exact location.”

Lin Xiu quickly asked for it.

He already had two of the sage warrior skills of the Ye family.

The three skills included ‘Silence’, ‘Heaven Breaking Strike’ and ‘Time Control’.

He already got the rest and the only one left that he needed was ‘Time Control’.

This was not something that Lin Xiu could pass on.

“Alright.”

Wu Hao nodded his head and pulled out his phone. Then, he forwarded the information to Lin Xiu.

“Oh! You should be careful here. There is a teleportation device below here and there should be warriors coming soon.”

Lin Xiu told Wu Hao and Wang Qiang about the device.

“From the ones in Holy City?”

Wu Hao asked subconsciously.

“That’s right.”

Then, Lin Xiu nodded his head.

Initially, he thought that those men would repair it quickly and teleport themselves here.

He thought that he would be able to gain some EXP from it but Lin Xiu didn’t think that they still weren’t here yet after so many days.

“I have already set up a few energy traps there. Even if they have arrived, it would not be that easy for them to attack you.”

Lin Xiu continued explaining about it to the both of them.

He has already left behind a huge array that completely enveloped the entire teleportation device.

He would be able to feel it instantly once anyone gets teleported here.

The array would be there for three days.

Star City wasn’t far from them and he should be able to return from the ruins in 3 days.

“Be careful. If there’s anything urgent, contact me.”

Lin Xiu reminded them again.

Holy City isn’t far as well from this place. If the warriors from the Holy CIty were to attack them, it may be dangerous.

“We will.”

Wang Qiang answered Lin Xiu. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“I should be able to complete the energy barrier within 3 days. Even if they get here by then, it wouldn’t be that easy for them to attack us.”

Wu Hao told Lin Xiu with confidence.

The Wu Corporates was one of the most high-tech companies in the whole of Nano Planet. He was still quite confident with his work.

“Alright. I’ll leave them up to you.”

Lin Xiu smiled.

Then, he was prepared to leave.

“You’re leaving now?”

Wu Hao asked when he saw Lin Xiu walking out of the mansion.

“Yes. I’ll get back as soon as possible.”

With that said, Lin Xiu flew into the air and headed towards Star City.

At the same time, as Lin Xiu’s consciousness was connected to the Angel, it was also headed towards the same place.

The ruins that were found were about 50 kilometres northwest from Star City.

Soon, Lin Xiu arrived at Star City.

Star City was a small place but there were lots of warriors who were entering and leaving the city.

Looks like there were a lot of them who have heard of the ruins.

Lin Xiu was not bothered with these warriors. He continued using ‘Levitation’ and went straight for the ruins.

With the information given by Wu Hao, Lin Xiu managed to find a place that was packed with warriors, just about 50 kilometres northeast of Star City.