Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1133: Time Control

Some Sage warriors roared when they saw that Lin Xiu had already walked up to the top.

They wanted to leap up straight to the top!

Boom—

But just when they wanted to leap up, a powerful force suddenly rushed over.

!!

The bodies of these Sage warriors were immediately hit by this extremely powerful force and flew down.

They hit the ground heavily.

pfft—

As soon as they fell to the ground, they spat out a lot of blood from their mouths.

Seriously injured.

“What a bunch of trash, they’re even thinking of flying up.”

Some Sage warriors sneered at this time.

“It’s obvious that you can only take the stairs.”

While they were talking, they walked towards the stairs in front.

Just as they stepped on the stairs here, they felt an extremely strong force that struck them.

It made their faces suddenly change.

They took it lightly just now, but when they really experienced it, their expressions became extremely ugly.

And Lin Xiu was standing in the middle of the stone gate at this time, with a slight force with both hands, he was about to push the stone gate open.

Hm?

But at this moment, Lin Xiu discovered that no matter how hard he tried, the stone gate seemed unable to be pushed open!

What is happening!?

Lin Xiu was puzzled.

His current strength was very powerful and terrifying. With all his strength, there was still no way to push the stone door open.

This was very unlikely.

Wait…what is this?

At this time, Lin Xiu took a closer look and found a groove in the middle of the stone gate.

Could it be that a ‘key’ is needed to open this?

But he didn’t have such a thing at all.

Lin Xiu frowned.

Boom—

At this time, with a thought, a terrifying flaming bird hit the stone gate here!

With a loud noise, this stone gate was still motionless!

It seems that forcible destruction was not enough…

At this time, Lin Xiu nodded slightly.

Coming to this ruin, it seemed that he found nothing.

Lin Xiu looked helplessly at the groove above.

But at this time, the more he looked at the groove, the more Lin Xiu felt something.

“Wait…”

Lin Xiu’s eyes widened at this time.

With a thought, the imperial decree appeared in Lin Xiu’s hands.

With the appearance of the token, a faint light radiated from the groove!

Sure enough!

This token was actually the key to open this stone gate!

Lin Xiu had a look of surprise on his face at this time.

The token in his hand seemed to be attracted by a powerful magnetic force.

Lin Xiu let go of it.

In the next moment, the token flew straight up.

boom–

With a crisp sound, the token was completely embedded in the groove.

Soon, a large number of faint rays of light appeared in the entire stone gate!

boom boom boom —

A loud noise rang out at this moment.

Raising his eyes and looking forward, he saw that the stone gate was slowly opening.

The dazzling light that bloomed inside caused Lin Xiu’s eyes to narrow slightly.

“It’s… open!”

The Sage warriors below looked at the stone gate that opened above and their eyes were full of shock.

“Hurry up! Otherwise, let him take all the secret treasures!”

At this time, the Sage warriors who came in behind also rushed up the stairs.

Standing on this ladder and bearing the terrifying power couldn’t stop them from moving forward.

After all, the treasures in the ruins were really attractive.

At this time, Lin Xiu had already entered the stone gate.

As soon as he walked in, Lin Xiu had a look of surprise in his eyes.

Behind the stone gate was actually an abyss!

There was only a narrow road that extends to the middle of the front and there was no other path.

Lin Xiu just hesitated for a moment, then continued to walk forward.

Walking on this narrow road, looking at the scene below, he suddenly felt a tingling sensation on his scalp.

If it is a patient with acrophobia, they would probably be scared to death seeing this scene now.

When he continued to walk to the front, Lin Xiu saw that at the end of this narrow road, there was a group of white light.

Is it this thing?

Lin Xiu continued to approach and the white ball of light seemed to sense someone coming and suddenly it burst into more dazzling light.

Soon, the white light changed into a human shape.

“You came.”

This light group formed an old man. At this time, he looked at Lin Xiu and said with a smile.

“you are…”

When Lin Xiu saw this scene, he was slightly startled, then said aloud with meaning.

“Ye Dao.”

The old man said lightly.

“I feel it, your body has the aura of Ye Jian, the descendant of Emperor Ye.”

He approached Lin Xiu at this time and said to Lin Xiu aloud.

“How is he?”

“He has passed away.”

Lin Xiu hesitated for a while, but still said aloud.

The old man was startled when he heard Lin Xiu’s words.

There was a sad look in his eyes.

“It seems that he still hasn’t escaped.”

he said with a sigh.

“Since you’re here, I’ll give you this thing.”

At this time, the old man waved his right hand as he spoke out.

Immediately at the back, a skill card full of dazzling light flew towards Lin Xiu.

“This skill is called ‘Time Control’ and if cultivated fully, you can control the changes of time.”

The old man said to Lin Xiu at this time.

At this time, with the wave of his right hand, a large number of plants and trees began to grow at a speed visible to the naked eye.

From germination, plants and trees soon bloom, then turn yellow and wither.

This is the ability of ‘Time Control’!?

Lin Xiu opened his eyes wide when he saw the astonishing scene in front of him.

“Okay, I don’t have much time.”

“Boy, goodbye.”

Ye Dao looked at Lin Xiu and with a flick of his finger, the skill card appeared in Lin Xiu’s hand.

“Where are you going?”

At this time, Lin Xiu said subconsciously.

“My longevity has already expired. Now that I see you here, it’s time to report to another world.”

He said with a faint smile.

The body is like gravel scattered by the wind, slowly disappearing.

Disappeared.

Looking at this scene, Lin Xiu felt a sense of loss for some reason.

Standing on the spot, staring blankly ahead.

“Finally…Finally up…” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

And at this moment, at the stone entrance, there were quite a few Sage warriors panting.

They had gone through the powerful ladder just now and finally walked up!