Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1134 - 1134 About to be Level 70

1134 About to be Level 70

As soon as these Sage warriors walked in, they saw Lin Xiu standing there.

“In his hand is a holy-level skill card!”

One of the Sage warriors looked at the brilliantly radiant skill card in Lin Xiu’s hand and shouted loudly.

As soon as he finished speaking, the surrounding warriors all looked at Lin Xiu.

!!

Their eyes were full of greed.

“Hand it over to me!”

One of the Sage warriors rushed over and was about to leap to where Lin Xiu was.

But at this moment, a powerful force struck, causing his body to fall directly.

“what!!!”

This Sage warrior frantically wanted to mobilize his source strength, but there was absolutely no way.

It seems that there is a special power of rules here and it is impossible to use levitation at all.

Soon, his body fell directly into the abyss below.

“You can’t use levitation here!!!”

At this moment, those Sage warriors came to their senses and shouted loudly.

With a thought, Lin Xiu put the holy-level skill card into his expansion space, then slowly walked over to the front.

When these Sage warriors saw that Lin Xiu dared to walk over to them, a sneer appeared on their faces.

Soon, as Lin Xiu left the narrow road that stretched to the middle of the abyss, this road began to slowly collapse!

“Take it out!”

These Sage warriors looked at Lin Xiu standing in front of them and said aloud.

They just saw it with their own eyes, Lin Xiu holds a dazzling skill card in his hand!

Needless to say, that skill Card is definitely an extremely powerful holy-level skill Card!

With this kind of powerful skill card, the sage warriors, must be jealous.

“Free experience?”

Lin Xiu glanced at them, then said lightly.

Hearing Lin Xiu’s words, these Sage warriors were confused.

But from Lin Xiu’s tone, you could tell that Lin Xiu didn’t care about them at all.

“Courting death!”

These Sage warriors roared and attacked Lin Xiu at the same time!

Lin Xiu has a holy-level skill card in his hand, so they must kill Lin Xiu!

The skill card might fall into the water but they’ll think about that later.

Lin Xiu snorted coldly when he saw this scene.

The source strength of the body is released.

In the next moment, with the wave of Lin Xiu’s right hand, the source strength was released, turned into dark energies and charged toward them!

As those dark energies rushed over, the few Sage warriors who rushed to attack Lin Xiu first did not even have a chance to dodge.

In the next moment, all those dark energies entangled their bodies.

The bodies of these warriors became dry in an instant.

Soon, they all fell to the ground.

Instant death!

At the back, the Sage warriors, who wanted to kill Lin Xiu to steal his card, widened their eyes.

Terrifying, it’s really terrifying, how did he do it?!

But it was too late for them to think about it.

Because those dark energies have already charged towards them!

At this moment, they hurriedly dodged, then subconsciously unfolded their ‘Sphere’.

But what makes them terrified is that although they unfolded the ‘Sphere’, it doesn’t seem to have any effect on these dark energies!

Those dark energies instantly penetrated their ‘Sphere’ and covered their bodies.

“what!!!”

In the next moment, wailings and screamings came out continuously.

All these Sage warriors fell to the ground.

They don’t understand the horror of ‘Silence’ at all and wanted to resist it with their own ‘Sphere’.

Lin Xiu looked at his system panel at this time.

In addition to the experience gained from absorbing holy water before, Lin Xiu’s experience progress bar has risen to 60%!

With 40% more experience, he can upgrade to level 70!

Thinking of this, Lin Xiu was a little excited.

boom boom boom —

At this moment, the entire space seemed to start to vibrate.

Some Sage warrior-level warriors were still standing on the stairs, wanting to come up.

But at this time, feeling such a terrifying vibration, shock and horror appeared in their eyes.

And Lin Xiu, as soon as his mind was triggered, the ‘Sphere’ unfolded directly.

The body immediately rushed upwards!

Boom—

With a loud noise, Lin Xiu rushed out of the ruins directly from the rock layer above.

Lin Xiu, who had just rushed out, looked down and he could clearly see that the entire mountain collapsing.

The ruins had completely disappeared.

Thinking of the old man just now, Lin Xiu couldn’t help but sigh.

He may be the last person in the Ye family, but he was only an energy body in that space.

With his disappearance, the Ye family also disappeared completely.

Lin Xiu’s figure at this time also disappeared. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

At the same time, on the other side of Divine Domain City.

“Huh? What’s going on?”

Wang Qiang was originally in the compound of the Divine Domain Mansion.

At this time, he felt the vibration on the ground and his eyes showed surprise.

He walked towards the basement with the long spear in his hand.

Taking a closer look, in the extremely empty basement below, there were many warriors coming over!

These warriors were wearing uniforms. Wang Qiang knew when he saw them that they were all warriors from the Bai family!

Sure enough, as the master said, they came…

Seeing this scene at this time, Wang Qiang said in his heart.

Those Bai family warriors who came over saw that the surrounding space was surrounded by the matrix and their eyes were full of surprise.

“Destroy this place!”

One of the warriors who seemed to be the leader shouted angrily at this time.

As soon as he finished speaking, the rest of the warriors, holding their own weapons, attacked the matrix!

boom boom boom —

Because of their attack, the whole ground began to vibrate again.

“Master!”

At this time, Wang Qiang had already contacted Lin Xiu with his mobile phone.

“Huh? Are they here?”

Lin Xiu flew back to Divine Domain City.

At this moment, when he received a call from Wang Qiang, he raised his brows and said lightly.

“Yes, they sent over many people.”

Wang Qiang continued to speak.

“Got it, you and other warriors, stay away from there.”

Lin Xiu said.

“Alright.”

Although Wang Qiang was a little puzzled, he still nodded.

Boom—

With a loud noise, there seemed to be a huge explosion in the basement.

The entire ground over there collapsed directly.

Wang Qiang, who was outside, saw this astonishing scene, and his eyes widened.