Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

1138 The Revenge of the Bai Family

“After you reach god warrior, you can’t stay on this planet.”

Elder Ye continued to speak to Lin Xiu at this time.

“why?”

Lin Xiu was startled, then said subconsciously.

“There’s no why.”

“This is the rule of the Namir planet.”

Elder Ye shook his head and said.

At this moment, he looked up at the sky.

After a while, he continued to say, “You’ve gotten a lot of odd crystals, go back.”

Although Lin Xiu wanted to say something, Elder Ye took the lead in speaking.

Hearing Elder Ye’s words, Lin Xiu was silent for a while, then nodded.

“By the way, Elder Ye, I would like to ask, is there any way to get to the God warrior Realm.”

Lin Xiu did not leave immediately but continued to speak.

“When you reach the God warrior level, I will personally take you there.”

Elder Ye said meaningfully.

Lin Xiu was stunned for a moment, then clasped his fist at Elder Ye and left.

Elder Ye looked at the back of Lin Xiu leaving and walked over to the front.

Reaching out his hand and stroking the cracked energy barrier, a faint light was released from his hand.

Those cracks, at this time, are slowly being repaired at a speed visible to the naked eye.

However, there are many cracks in this energy barrier and it is not so easy to completely repair it.

“Damn!”

Huangfu Gu of the God warrior Realm slammed his fist on the wall next to him and roared in a low voice.

“This old guy, actually repaired that seal again!”

Huangfu Gu’s face became extremely ugly.

Originally, some time ago, he wanted to break the seal through his own power.

It seems that a lot of damage has been done, but he didn’t expect it to be repaired again now.

This really pissed him off.

“Now we have no choice, let’s cultivate first.”

Huangfu Tai also spoke out at this time.

“And I feel that Divine Domain has been destroyed.”

“what!?”

Hearing Huangfu Tai’s words, Huangfu Gu’s expression changed greatly.

Divine Domain was a force they left behind on the Namir Planet.

It has been around for many years.

At this time, Huangfu Tai suddenly said that it had been destroyed, which Huangfu Gu found it unacceptable.

At this time, Huangfu Gu’s thoughts were triggered and he wanted to communicate with the members of the Divine Domain on the Namir planet.

But at this time, he found that he couldn’t communicate at all.

clack clack——

At this moment, he clenched his hands tightly and cracked his knuckle bones.

His face also became extremely hideous.

It’s him, it must be him!

At this time, he thought of Lin Xiu’s face and the expression on his face became extremely ugly.

Lin Xiu defeated them three times and absorbed their divine power, making him hate Lin Xiu to the core.

“This kid will definitely come to the God warrior Realm. At that time, it will be his doom.”

When Huangfu Tai looked at Huangfu Gu’s face, he knew that Huangfu Gu must have thought of Lin Xiu and immediately said aloud.

“En.”

Huangfu Gu nodded.

At this time, he didn’t want to break the seal anymore.

Anyway, if Lin Xiu reached the God warrior level, he would definitely come here.

At that time, he will kill Lin Xiu with his own hands!

At this time, Lin Xiu, who was on the Namir planet, was slowly walking in the Twilight of the gods space.

Returning through the same route he came from.

Lin Xiu walked out of this space without knowing how long it took.

“Phew.”

Just after walking out of this space, Lin Xiu took a deep breath.

The air inside this Twilight of the gods is simply too uncomfortable compared to the outside.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Filled with a sense of oppression.

The outside space is more comfortable.

Lin Xiu checked his attribute panel and found that his experience progress had reached 72%.

28% more and he will be able to level up.

If he had to kill Sage warriors, he would have to kill at least a hundred or so?

However, there are not many Sage warriors on the Namir planet.

The Sage warriors who died in his own hands should account for about one-third of the entire Namir planet.

And when Lin Xiu rushed back to Divine Domain City, he suddenly felt something and his brows suddenly wrinkled.

Came so quickly?

Because there is no clear day and night in the Twilight of the gods space, Lin Xiu has no idea how long time has passed.

Over at the Divine Domain, Wu Hao and Wang Qiang’s expressions became extremely ugly at this time.

boom boom boom —

There were loud noises around.

The sky was filled with a large number of aircraft and a large number of warriors were suspended in the air, attacking the entire Divine Domain.

Although Wu Hao has built an energy barrier covering the entire city.

But at this time, under the attack of so many warriors with those heavy weapons, this energy barrier wasn’t going to hold!

“Damn…”

Wu Hao clenched his hands into fists at this time.

“I am going out!”

At this time, Wang Qiang clenched the spear in his hand and said aloud.

If they continue to let these people attack, the entire energy barrier will be destroyed!

“No.”

Wu Hao shook his head and said.

The strength of the Bai family in the holy city is really too strong. There are at least 20 Sage warriors in the sky!

Although Wang Qiang is also a warrior at the Sage warrior level, it is impossible to resist so many Sage warriors.

“Humph! The Wu Group, no wonder they were able to build such an energy barrier.”

The figure of Bai Lin appeared in the air.

This time, he led the warriors of the Bai family to attack this place.

This energy barrier is indeed very powerful and can withstand so many attacks from them.

But this attack is too late now.

And at this time, this artificial angel has already flown up and fought with many warriors.

boom boom boom —

The spear in the hand of the artificial angel waved and all the flying machines in the surrounding sky were blasted away.

Her energy barrier unfolded and the surrounding laser cannons and the attacks of the warriors were all blocked.

“Courting death!”

Bai Lin looked at the artificial angel and his expression changed slightly.

At this time, he flew directly towards the artificial angel and attacked the artificial angel directly!

boom boom boom —

At this time, a huge explosion sounded constantly in the air.

The warriors behind Wang Qiang and Wu Hao clenched their weapons tightly.

At this moment, they all looked nervous.

After all, the fighting power brought by the Bai family is really too powerful. Anyone who sees this scene will be extremely nervous.

“Break!”

At this time, with the frantic attacks of the Bai family’s Sage warriors, a large number of cracks appeared in this energy barrier!