Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

1139 Back In Time

“Kill them!!!!!!”

Wu Hao and Wang Qiang screamed simultaneously when they saw what was happening.

Boom boom – –

The buildings around were surrounded by the heavy machinery that Wu Hao had built.

With his commands, the huge machinerie started launching attacks into the air.

Then, the warriors that Wang Qiang and Wu hao brought along flew into the sky, awaiting for the attack.

The energy barrier that covered the entire sky finally exploded.

The warriors from the Bai family started fighting with the men that Wang Qiang and Wu Hao brought along.

However, the warriors from the Bai family were too strong.

After several rounds, they were easily attacked by the warriors from the Bai family.

The warriors that Wang Qiang brought along were slowly getting defeated.

As for the cannons and the heavy machineries around, they were all getting destroyed as well.

“Damn it…..”

Wu Hao was injured too.

Although he had already released his ‘sphere’, his body was still thrown far into the distance because of the impact.

Then, he landed heavily on the wall behind him.

Pfft– –

A mouthful of blood came out of his mouth.

“Wu Hao!”

When Wang Qiang saw what happened, he screamed to check on Wu Hao.

“I’m fine!”

Wu Hao wiped off the blood at the corner of his lips and slowly got on his feet.

“Destroy this city!”

Bai Lin threw a strong punch towards the Angel. Just when they were about to reach the ground, he screamed at his men to attack this city.

He….will be destroying this city in the Divine Domain completely!

Wu Hao and Wang Qiang were forced to take a few steps backwards.

Seeing how they were surrounded by a large number of warriors, the look in their eyes changed.

“Damn it...”

Wang Qiang clenched onto his jaws with the long spear in his hands.

There was blood coming out of his mouth as well.

“That fella isn’t here now. Kill them.”

One of the sage warriors told his men after looking at Wang Qiang and Wu Hao.

As soon as he was done, the warriors by his side went straight for Wu Hao and Wang Qiang.

Seeing what was coming at them, Wu Hao and Wang Qiang widened their eyes in shock.

“Who is it that wants to kill them?”

Just as things were about to turn bad, there was a familiar sound that came from behind.

When Wang Qiang and Wu Hao heard the voice, there was a surprise look on their faces.

“Master?!”

“Brother Lin!”

Boom – –

At that instant, the warriors from the Bai family were blasted off by a dark energy.

The dark energy came quickly in their way and soon enveloped itself around their bodies.

They didn’t even have the time to react and immediately fell to the ground.

All of them turned into skeletons in a blink of an eye.

What was going on?

The sage warrior that led them looked surprised as well.

Seeing how there was a dark energy coming at them so quickly, the sage warrior shifted his body, trying to dodge the attack.

This was because he could feel that the dark energy that came like the waves looked scary.

“Are you alright?”

Lin Xiu then appeared next to Wang Qiang and Wu Hao.

Lin Xiu checked on their conditions.

It did take up some time for him to return.

He didn’t think that the Bai family would be here now.

It was fortunate that he got back here in time. Otherwise, Wang Qiang and Wu Hao would have been buried here today.

“We’re fine.”

Wang Qiang and Wu Hao shook their heads.

“Stay here for now. Leave the rest to me.”

As he spoke, there was a black sourcemark that appeared on his forehead.

With the control of his men, both the men were trapped inside the semi-transparent array.

Then, Lin Xiu leaped into the air.

Seeing how there were drones and the warriors from the Bai family in the air, Lin Xiu reached out his left hand and the long spear appeared within seconds.

Boom boom – –

As he moved his long spear, there were flaming birds that were released from it one after another.

These flaming birds went straight for the warriors around him.

With the loud explosion, these flaming birds rushed towards the bodies of the warriors from the Bai family.

Although they had released their ‘sphere’, the heat coming from these flaming birds was too scary.

It instantly melted their ‘sphere’.

Following that, there was a large number of warriors that had turned into charcoal that fell from the sky.

Bai Lin noticed flaming birds that were released. The look in his eyes changed and he quickly dodged them.

What’s happening?!

As he dodged it, he looked up and noticed Lin Xiu, who was in the air.

Lin Xiu was now waving his long spear.

“That’s the guy!”

“Kill him!”

Although Lin Xiu was no longer wearing a mask, Bai Lin could still easily recognise him.

The rest of the twenty sage warriors heard what Bai Lin said and started attacking Lin Xiu.

Lin Xiu sneered subconsciously.

He immediately released the ‘Heavenly Array’ and the ‘Purification Domain’.

With these skills released, the entire ground was glowing with a bright white light.

As the twenty sage warriors were coming toward him, Lin Xiu scoffed.

In a blink of an eye, there was a large amount of energy that gathered around Lin Xiu’s long spear.

‘Heave Breaking Strike’!!!

Lin Xiu was about to use the most powerful sage warrior skill.

Boom – –

As he grew his long spear across the sky, there was an incredibly scary energy that was released into the air and a huge opening appeared.

The space was sliced open by these powerful warrior skills!

The ones who wanted to attack Lin Xiu’s first, those who were closest to him, were sliced into two halves!

As for the rest of the warriors, even when they had the time to release their ‘sphere’, it still caused their ‘sphere’ to instantly explode. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Blood rushed out of their mouths.

This was impossible!

Bai Lin, who was still far away, couldn’t believe what he had just seen with his eyes.

This was because the skill that Lin Xiu had just used was incredibly terrifying.

He managed to kill all these sage warriors instantly!

How strong would that skill be in order to do so?!

Before the others could react, Lin Xiu’s figure had completely disappeared.

Then, the next second, he stood in front of another sage warrior.

The long spear in his hand immediately trusted into the sage warrior.