Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

1167 Divine Mark

Mr. Pang immediately nodded when he heard Lin Xiu’s words.

Looking at the abyss in front of him, he knew that it must be the so-called ancient ruins.

At this moment, Mr. Pang’s eyes were full of surprise.

After so many years, he has never imagined that there are so-called ruins hidden under the city lord’s mansion.

At this time, a large number of warriors suspended in the air have already descended below.

Lin Xiu also hesitated a little and flew straight down.

After all, this relic appeared in his city lord’s mansion. If he didn’t snatch it, it could not be justified.

The bottom seemed to be bottomless and Lin Xiu flew for a while before reaching the bottom.

Boom—

When Lin Xiu just flew down, it seemed that because the surrounding warriors used the energy of the fire attribute and there were rings of fire around him.

It made the surroundings brighter.

what is this? F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Lin Xiu was surprised when he saw everything around him.

Taking a closer look, there were a lot of weird statues around.

These statues look like huge evolved beasts in different shapes and seemed very life-like.

And there were some relief sculptures on the surrounding walls.

There were also some weird patterns.

“That’s right, this place must be the remains of Bai Lingxian!”

At this time, some warriors were all excited.

Bai Lingxian?

Lin Xiu, who has good listening, immediately raised his brows when he heard the words of these warriors.

This name seems a little familiar.

Oh right.

At this moment, Lin Xiu realized that this Bai Lingxian was the god warrior who built this city.

Lingxian City was named after him.

Lin Xiu didn’t expect that he left behind such a large relic.

At this time, the surrounding warriors all walked towards the front.

Because in the front, there is a huge stone gate.

This should be the entrance.

“Humph! Let me do it!”

At this time, a tall and strong warrior shouted angrily and the muscles in his body began to swell at this moment.

He rushed directly to the door and with a sudden force, he was about to push the huge stone door open.

boom–

As his hands pressed against the stone door, a dull sound suddenly came out.

“what!!!”

He roared angrily, then exerted all his strength, the source stone materialized and appeared on his body, emitting a pale golden light.

Ka Ka Ka Ka –

With the strength of his hands, at this moment, the stone door suddenly made a strange sound.

The huge stone gate began to be slowly pushed open.

The surrounding warriors all clenched their weapons at this time.

As soon as this door is pushed open, they will rush in!

But at the next moment, the door that had been opened a little, closed again.

boom–

The man was sent flying directly in the next moment.

He hit the ground behind heavily.

pfft—

He opened his eyes wide and spat out a mouthful of blood.

When the other warriors saw this scene, they were surprised.

The warrior just now was obviously at the level of the god warrior and he majored in physical strength.

There was no way to open the door.

“Go together!”

At this time, some of the surrounding warriors had already started walking towards the huge stone gate over there at the same time.

Then at the same time, they tried to push the stone door open.

The source strength of these warriors was released from their bodies at the same time.

In an instant, a lot of light burst out around.

When Lin Xiu saw this scene, his eyes narrowed slightly.

With so many warriors exerting force at the same time, the power must be much stronger than the warrior just now.

Then, can they push it open?

Lin Xiu didn’t move and continued to watch the scene in front of him.

boom boom boom —

At this time, the huge stone gate was slowly pushed open at a speed visible to the naked eye.

And it was accompanied by a loud noise. Inside this stone gate, it seemed that there was light bursting out.

what is inside!?

The pupils in Lin Xiu’s eyes narrowed slightly.

At this moment, the stone door that was about to be opened closed again.

boom–

And at the moment when the huge stone gates closed, strange rays of light erupted on the stone gates.

“what!!!”

At this moment, these warriors near the stone gate let out a huge wailing sound.

The bodies of these people seemed to be corroded instantly by some kind of terrifying power.

It was so corroded that even the bones could be clearly seen.

A large number of warriors fell to the ground.

“Divine mark?”

At this time, Mr. Zhao looked forward and said something like a source mark emanating from the huge stone gate.

Divine Mark?

Lin Xiu, who had been paying attention to the situation, heard his words at this time and Lin Xiu stared at the things that looked like Source marks on the stone gate.

Different from the source marks, these patterns looked larger and they were round and complex.

The energy contained in it seems to be much stronger than the general source mark.

Is this the so-called divine mark?

“Damn it, it turns out that this stone gate has the power of a divine mark…”

The surrounding warriors, seeing this scene, turned ugly.

The power of the Divine Mark was very strange. Generally, warriors who do not study this aspect will not be able to decipher it at all.

Now these warriors didn’t dare to push this stone gate.

Lin Xiu walked in at this time and stood in front of this huge stone gate.

After the Analytic Eye was activated, Lin Xiu found that these divine marks seemed different.

It seems like an extremely difficult math problem. When everyone else is at a loss, he already has the answer.

Looking at the divine mark in front of him, Lin Xiu’s thoughts were triggered and he reached out and touched it.

Then Lin Xiu slid his fingers according to the prompt that Analytic Eye provided.

Soon, one of these divine marks was cracked by Lin Xiu in an instant!

With the cracking of that divine mark, the divine mark disappeared instantly.

It worked!

At this time, Lin Xiu was also pleasantly surprised.

Every time I think about it, the Analytic Eye had this ability.

Just now, he didn’t understand the so-called Divine marks at all, but now he could directly decipher these Divine Marks according to the guidance of the Analytic Eye!

“Wait, boy, are you a Divine Marker?”

At this time, Zhao Laosan clearly noticed Lin Xiu’s actions and said aloud.

Among the God warriors, there were some special groups that specialize in the training of these divine marks that were a higher level than the source marks, unleashing an incomparably powerful force with these divine marks.

This kind of God warrior is called the Divine Marker.