Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1331  Summon

Xiao Qingchen roared and there were unlimited lightning bolts that appeared all over his body.

The entire stage was shining brightly because of the lightning bolts as well!

The audience, who were present, noticed that there was a burning smell in the air as well.

His lightning skills were indeed terrifying.

At that moment, Lin Xiu's entire body was surrounded by such horrifying lightning bolts.

Sizzling – –

With each crackling sound, Lin Xiu's skin felt like they were about to break.

It hurts.

There was a sharp pain that came from all over his body.

Lin Xiu felt as if there was an intense pain coming from his skin.

"You can still stand this?"

Xiao Qingchen stared at Lin Xiu and he looked surprised.

He has already given his best in the attack but it seemed to have done no major damage to Lin Xiu.

The only effect seen was Lin Xiu's skin breaking apart.

"Hmph!"

Lin Xiu sneered as he moved his spear in the air.

Boom – –

Numerous flaming birds were released within a blink of an eye and all of them were headed towards Lin Xiu!

Xiao Qingchen, who was thinking of continuing his attack, was forced to take a few steps backwards because of the flaming birds.

The flaming birds forced Xiao Qingchen to the edge of the stage and there were still other flaming birds being released from the spear.

They were continuously attacking Xiao Qingchen.

Then, the flaming birds that rushed forward had gathered together and formed a huge flame that started spinning on the spot!

Boom boom – –

The entire stage started shaking vigorously because of the tornado.

"These dark blue flames are quite scary."

When the middle aged man saw what happened, he was equally shocked.

"Of course."

Baili Haoling sneered.

"Xiao Qingchen is about to lose!"

Lei Chong spoke confidently.

With such frightening flames, if he was the one who fought Lin Xiu, he would have been burnt into coals.

"He probably won't lose yet."

The middle aged man commented on it.

The tornado may seem scary but Xiao Qingchen wasn't someone useless and it would not be that easy to defeat him.

"Well, we'll see!"

Lei Chong instantly turned unhappy after hearing what the man said.

At this point, Lin Xiu has been regarded as a god in Lei Chong's mind.

Afterall, Lin Xiu has shown the ability to turn back time.

Lin Xiu, who was still on stage, stared at Xiao Qingchen who was completely enveloped by his flame tornado.

There were no notifications that came from his system which meant that Xiao Qingchen is still alive.

But, he had no idea if Xiao Qingchen was severely injured.

At the same time, Lin Xiu had several bleeding wounds on his body because of the lightning bolts!

If it wasn't because Lin Xiu's body had a strong resistance against currents, Lin Xiu wouldn't be able to remain standing until now.

Along with the quick healing ability, all of the wounds were recovering quickly!

"Move!"

Suddenly, there was a loud roar that came from within the tornado!

The tornado was then split apart by a bright light!

A man's figure that came rushing out of the tornado!

He wasn't dead!

He wasn't injured as well!

Lin Xiu's pupil couldn't help but shrink when he saw what was happening.

At the same time, Xiao Qingchen aimed his attack at Lin Xiu!

He held onto his machete and was about to chop Lin Xiu's body in to two halves!

The entire machete seemed to be filled with horrifying energy.

Just as the machete was about to hit Lin Xiu, there was a loud collision that could be heard. It held as if the air around them had been split apart.

Clang – –

Lin Xiu subconsciously blocked his attack with the Haoyue Spear.

Xiao Qingchen's machete landed on Lin Xiu's spear which caused the loud collision.

Lin Xiu held onto his spear with both hands and they instantly felt numb from the impact.

However, Xiao Qingchen did not stop. As he continued attacking with the machete, he seemed to be getting stronger!

Damn...

The look on Lin Xiu's face turned solemn.

This was because Xiao Qingchen was not injured from the flames that he had released earlier!

Lin Xiu had thought that even if it wasn't enough to kill Xiao Qingchen, it would have severely injured him! Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

However, it turned out that Xiao Qingchen was not injured at all and his attacks have turned even stronger.

Lin Xiu clenched onto his teeth as he continued fighting Xiao Qingchen.

'Exotic Summon'!!!

Lin Xu screamed internally as he blocked another attack from Xiao Qingchen.

As the warrior skill was activated, there was a huge spatial movement that appeared in the air.

"What is that...?"

The referee, who was floating in the air, felt something happening and the look in his eyes changed.

There was a crack that instantly appeared in the air!

"What is that?1"

Riyan God Lord asked subconsciously.

It looked like there was something trying to break into their space!

Boom – –

Then, there was an explosion that occurred and there was a long crack that appeared in the air!

The space above them seemed to have been cut open by some monster!

"Spatial energy. Someone has summoned help."

Wan Gan seemed to have seen such skills and he commented on it.

"Summoning? That's interesting."

When Zhang Qinghua heard what Wan Gan said, he started getting curious. What was it that could appear in the space above them so suddenly?

Soon, there was a huge head that appeared above them.

Roar– –

A loud roar followed and everyone present in the arena turned to where it was coming from.

When they took a good look at it, it was an ice lizard that appeared from the crack!

The ice lizard roared and instantly jumped onto the ground, headed straight for Xiao Qingchen!

Its mouth was wide open and there was a large amount of ice element energy that gathered inside his mouth.

Soon, a powerful ice element laser beam came from inside the lizard's mouth!

Xiao Qingchen wanted to continue attacking Lin Xiu but he seemed to have felt something odd about and the look in his eyes changed.

He turned around and that's when the laser beams were about to hit his body.

"Move!"

Xiao Qingchen roared when he noticed what was happening.

There was a golden glow that appeared around his body!

Then, the entire arena started getting warmer.

The scorching heat caused the rest of them to feel as if they were about to melt.

This....

This was fire elemental energy?!

Lin Xiu felt what was happening as well and the expression on his face changed drastically.