Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1332  Fire Divine Spirit

As Xiao QIngchen continued releasing the golden glow from his body, a huge flaming giant appeared!

The flaming giant stared at the laser beam that was coming at him and blocked it with his hands. The ice elemental laser beam instantly got destroyed!

Roar– –

The ice lizard roared in rage when it saw what happened.

Its entire body started releasing its ice elemental energy and the temperature around them, that was scorching hot from earlier, slowly returned to normal.

"Dirty tricks!"

Seeing the ice lizard that was looking fierce and was ready to release the horrifying ice element at Xiao Qingchen, the flaming giant was also headed straight for the lizard!

Both Xiao Qingchen and the flaming giant attacked the ice lizard.

Boom – –

Xiao Qingchen attacked with his machete and the flaming giant attacked it with its fists.

The ice lizard that was surrounded by an overpowering ice elemental energy did not dodge the attack coming from Xiao Qingchen. In fact, Xiao Qingchen had chopped off one of its claws.

The flaming giant also landed a powerful fist on the lizard's head and the lizard was thrown into the air.

"That flaming giant…..is a divine spirit?!"

Wan Gan and the rest of the warrior gods, who were seated at the committee's seat, were all dumbfounded when they saw the flaming giant.

"A divine spirit that is of fire element is indeed something rare..."

"But, is that a gold grade divine spirit...?"

"That's not right. It's a black grade one."

Riyan God Lord shook his head.

As he stared at the fire elemental divine spirit, there was an envious look that flashed in his eyes.

He was known as the Riyan God King and he loved using flames and loved using skills that revolved around the fire element.

If he had that divine spirit, it would perfectly match with the element that he specialised in. By then, he would have been able to release even more powerful attacks.

But...

"Black grade? Isn't it golden...?"

Some of the warrior gods were still confused after hearing what Riyan God Lord had said.

In their perspectives, the grades of the divine spirits were determined by the colours seen on them.

"Idiots!"

Wan Gan sneered coldly.

"You don't only look at the colour to differentiate the levels of the divine spirit. You also have to see the mark that comes with it. The more complicated it is, the higher the ranking. Take a good look, that divine spirit has three spirit marks."

As Wan Gan pointed it out to them, the rest of the warrior gods took a close look at the flaming giant.

There were three faint marks that appeared on the flaming giants.

The marks were only slightly darker than the rest of the giant. If it wasn't because it was pointed out to them, none of them would have realised it.

The spirit marks were the reason why these divine spirits had such strength.

At the same time, the ice lizard that just got punched, has suffered major injuries.

Half of its head seemed to have melted and there was purple blood oozing out of its wound. The creature now looked horrible.

The ice lizard roared in the air, as if it was in pain.

However, there was still a ball of energy gathered in its mouth and it was aimed at Xiao Qingchen.

"Hmph!"

Xiao QIngchen scoffed when he saw what happened.

The huge flaming giant that stood right in front of him.

No matter how horrifying the attacks were, none of them have caused any fatal injuries to Xiao Qingchen.

All of them were blocked by the flaming giant.

"Although I have no idea how you summoned this beast god, it is completely useless against me."

Xiao Qingchen turned around and stared at Lin Xiu, who was still in shock.

Lin Xiu was definitely in shock.

This divine spirit!

Although it looked like a golden colour flaming giant, Lin Xiu could feel that this was not a gold grade divine spirit.

This was because he could clearly feel that this divine spirit was much stronger than the ones he had met and a gold grade divine spirit wouldn't give out such intense pressure.

Lin Xiu took a deep breath and immediately activated 'Reset'!

Without much hesitation, he continued using 'Rage'!

As 'Rage' got activated, Lin Xiu's body instantly released a large amount of energy.

The stage started shaking as well due to the energy that came from Lin Xiu.

"There he goes again. That kid is about to blast his hidden energy again!"

The middle aged man muttered to himself when he saw what was about to happen.

"He hid such powerful energy. Why didn't he use it before? Could it be a hidden skill that has a time limit?"

Riyan God Lord also noticed this as well as he muttered to himself.

In fact, his guess was the only one that was correct.

Once 'Rage' gets activated, there will be a drastic increase in speed and strength for the next ten minutes.

Plus, the increase in strength and speed is relative to the ability of the warrior. As Lin Xiu gets more powerful, the increase in his speed and strength would be incredibly high as well.

However, Lin Xiu would have to defeat Xian Qingchen in ten minutes or else, without the 'Reset' abilities, it would be over for him!

"Hmm? You're finally getting serious?"

Xiao Qingchen looked at the man ahead and he started looking serious as well.

This was because he could clearly feel that Lin Xiu was a totally different person now.

His strength had increased tremendously and it was starting to make Xiao Qingchen feel uneasy.

Lin Xiu's eyes were fixed on Xiao Qingchen and unlimited energy were blasting from his body.

Lin Xiu continued using 'Profound Intent'.

He held onto the spear with his right hand and the horrifying energy was transferred onto the Haoyue Spear.

The entire spear started shaking vigorously.

It's time to kill!

With the 'Profound Intent' activated, all of the skills that Lin Xiu used were upgraded and he was now using 'Profound Intent- Flashing Souls'!

Under such circumstances, Lin Xiu was able to use all of his skills at its best!

Xiu – –

Lin Xiu disappeared instantly from his spot. He held onto the Haoyue Spear and once again appeared right in front of Xiao Qingchen. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

Before Xiao Qingchen could react, the tip of the spear had already pierced his chest!

Xiao Qingchen narrowed his eyes. He didn't think that Lin Xiu could be so quick!

This was teleportation!

Just when Lin Xiu pierced the tip of the Haoyue Spear into Xiao Qingchen's chest, Lin Xiu felt as if he had pierced into a metallic surface. It was impossible to drive it through Xiao Qingchen's body.

At the same time, Xiao Qingchen gathered his source energy and focused them on the point where he was being stabbed!

He had perfectly defended this attack!

Boom – –

However, the strong impact of it still caused Xiao Qingchen's body to be thrown far into the air!