Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1333  The Spear that Broke

Xiao Qingchen did a twist in the air and then steadily landed on the ground.

"Hmph!"

He sneered coldly and it didn't look like he had been severely injured by Lin Xiu's attacks.

Xiao Qingchen's flaming giant was still burning brightly.

The entire arena started getting warmer once again!

Lin Xiu, who was closeby, also had a serious look on his face.

The temperature of the flaming giant that belongs to Xiao Qingchen was incredibly high.

This caused the temperature inside the arena to turn extremely hot as well.

It was even stronger than the Hellfire that Lin Xiu had.

Initially, Lin Xiu thought that other than the overpowering lightning bolt, he must have other elemental energy that Xiao Qingchen was good at.

Lin Xiu made the right assumptions but he didn't think that the other element would be fire!

It turned out to be the same as what Lin Xiu specialises in!

Most importantly, this man has a divine spirit that was of the fire element.

With the help of the flaming giant, his strength had increased tremendously.

These golden flames caused Lin Xiu to feel that his Hellfire wouldn't be able to defeat Xiao Qingchen.

However, Lin Xiu had no other choice now.

He quickly gathered the energy in his body and within a split second, he flashed and appeared right before Xiao Qingchen.

With the Haoyue Spear in his arm, he thrusted it toward Xiqo Qingchen's chest!

'Profound intent – Torrential Storm of Rose Flower!'

The body of the spear was covered with a ice elemental energy.

With the help of the warrior skills, there were thousands of spears that appeared in the air!

Xiao Qingchen quickly noticed that something wasn't right and released his 'sphere' instantly.

He managed to quickly block the attacks from the thousands of spears!

There was also a golden flame all over his 'sphere'.

No matter what Lin Xiu tried, it was impossible for him to break the 'sphere'!

Instead, the golden flame around his 'sphere' caused the ice-cold spear to slowly turn warm.

Damn it….

Lin Xiu had a horrible expression written all over his face.

He had already activated 'Rage' but even so, he still couldn't defeat Xiao Qingchen.

Plus, he only had 10 minutes with 'Rage' and 2 minutes have passed.

He only had 8 minutes left and if he still couldn't defeat Xiao Qingchen by then, he would be in danger.

"Well, it seems like you're in a rush to defeat me."

Just when Lin Xiu was using all sorts of warrior skills to fight his opponent, Xiao Qingchen spoke up.

His 'sphere' was incredibly tough and like a tortoise who had retreated into its shell, it was impossible for Lin Xiu to cause any direct damage to Xiao Qingchen.

Unless Lin Xiu could break his 'sphere'!

But….this was impossible as well.

This was because Xiao Qingchen's 'sphere' was incredibly thick and strong. With such strong energy forming the 'sphere', it would not be something that would be fragile.

"Your abilities seem to have increased dramatically in a short period of time. It should be because you have activated a certain skill that is limited."

"I would only have to drag it out and then, I would naturally win the match."

Xiao Qingchen seemed to have noticed something and asked Lin Xiu as he blocked the attacks.

'This man is so observant!'

Lin Xiu was surprised as he thought to himself but he did not show his thoughts on his face.

Lin Xiu tightened his grip around the spear and continued attacking Xiao Qingchen.

"It's useless! No matter how strong you get, it's impossible for you to break my 'sphere'!"

Seeing how Lin Xiu was still relentlessly attacking him, Xiao Qingchen warned Lin Xiu about it.

Lin Xiu's attacks now were incredibly strong but Xiao Qingchen has already figured out what Lin Xiu was up to. He didn't want to fight Lin Xiu any longer. He only wanted to drag out the fight and soon, Lin Xiu's powers would definitely diminish or even disappear!

'Break it!!!!!!'

Lin Xiu was still trying his best to break Xiao Qingchen's 'sphere' and was using all of the strength in him.

'Profound Intent – Heaven breaking strike!'

There was a bright glow that appeared all around the Haoyue Spear and Lin Xiu swung it against the 'sphere'.

A huge amount of energy landed across Xiao Qingchen's 'sphere'!

Seeing what was happening, Xiao Qingchen looked serious as well.

He could feel that this strike was much stronger than the ones before!

This brat was getting serious!

However, it would not be that easy to break his 'sphere'!

Xiao Qingchen roared. The flaming giant turned into a golden flame and wrapped itself around Xiao Qingchen's 'sphere'.

Boom – –

There was a deafening strike that followed when another strike from Lin Xiu's sphere landed on Xiao Qingchen's strike.

Xiao Qingchen's 'sphere' did not break but his body was thrown into the distance because of the impact.

Damn! That brat has such a powerful 'sphere'!

Along with that, he could have his divine spirit wrap around his 'sphere' which made it even tougher!

The skills that Lin Xiu had used earlier did not have any effect on Xiqo Qingchen.

Crack – –

Suddenly, Lin Xiu heard a soft crack.

What was that?

Lin Xiu had a bad feeling about it when he heard the sound.

Then, as he looked down, Lin Xiu noticed that there was a crack that appeared on his Haoyue Spear!

The crack got longer and soon, the entire spear was covered in tiny cracks.

Huh?!

Lin Xiu's pupil shrank uncontrollably!

The Haoyue Spear was about to break!

Boom – –

Then, another crack followed that came from the body of the spear itself!

The entire spear broke into a million tiny pieces.

All of it felt all over the ground.

"His weapon…..broke?"

The rest of the audience were shocked as well.

A warrior's weapon is the only thing that could help them fight; without it, it would be similar to a warrior who had lost his arm. The warrior's abilities would greatly diminish once he lost his weapon. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

"He lost."

The middle aged man sitting next to Baili Haoling shook his head when he saw the scene happening before his eyes.

Lin Xiu's weapon broke. Was there still anything left to watch?

Lin Xiu has already lost the match.

Baili Haoling also had a solemn look on her face.

Why would the weapon break at such a crucial moment?!

"Hahahahaha!!!! You have no weapon now. How are you going to fight me?!"

Xiao Qingchen, who had been thrown into the distance because of the impact, started laughing when he saw the debris on the ground.

Lin Xiu sighed as well.

As expected, other than the Dark Edge, there were no other spears that would be able to withstand his strength.