Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1348  The Blackwater Mansion

Lin Xiu spoke calmly to the man.

"Got it!"

The man quickly entered Lin Xiu's information.

"You've successfully registered. You can go directly to the Blackwater Mansion. The task initiator is there."

"This is your emblem."

As the man spoke, he picked up a black card with a complex, golden pattern that looked very mysterious and handed it to Lin Xiu.

"Thank you."

Lin Xiu took the card and left.

The staff member heaved a sigh of relief after Lin Xiu left, and sat down in a chair. His legs were a little weak, as Lin Xiu's aura was too strong.

The warriors sitting around, who had looked down on Lin Xiu earlier, were now trembling.

What kind of power was needed to pierce the special metal plate? It was as if Lin Xiu's punch could even shatter space.

After leaving, Lin Xiu pressed a button on his smartwatch and pulled up a projection screen. He followed the map to the Blackwater Mansion.

Soon, he arrived at a large building in a lonely area, surrounded by iron railings. There were four large characters "Blackwater Mansion" on the black wooden gate, which seemed to be made of special wood.

The iron gate of the courtyard seemed to be shaking under the breeze, making a creaking sound. The courtyard was overgrown with weeds, as if it hadn't been taken care of for a long time.

When Lin Xiu arrived at the door of the Blackwater Mansion, the wooden door suddenly opened by itself, revealing a dark interior. Lin Xiu raised his eyebrows but continued inside.

As soon as Lin Xiu stepped inside, candles were lit, and terrifying flames, electric currents, and ice cones suddenly attacked him.

Lin Xiu smiled faintly. The attribute powers dissipated as soon as they hit his body as if they were blocked by an invisible force.

"Hmm, this newcomer seems to have some strength."

At the same time, a voice came from the side, and Lin Xiu saw a middle-aged man's figure. Dozens of men and women came out from the surroundings.

At the same time, a young man with a cowboy hat walked down from the upper floor.

"Sorry, those who come to participate in the task need to show their strength."

The man clapped his hands and smiled.

"Does that mean I passed?"

Lin Xiu spoke in a calm voice.

"Of course."

The man smiled.

"Show me the card."

As soon as he finished speaking, Lin Xiu threw the black card in his hand toward the man.

Crack-

The man reached out and caught the flying card.

"Very good."

He looked at the black card and nodded.

"You are the sixteenth person. We need four more and then we will set off."

"Oh, I forgot to introduce myself. I am the initiator of this mission, Lu Guangyue."

The man spoke to Lin Xiu.

"Lin Xiu." Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Lin Xiu nodded slightly.

"Before the mission starts, you can move around here or rest."

Lu Guangyue said.

A man who looked hunched over and weak was staring at Lin Xiu from across the room.

His fingers were generating an electric current, which quickly formed a small electric ball as the current accumulated. The ball compressed until it was the size of a thumb and he flicked it toward Lin Xiu.

Lin Xiu glanced over and the compressed electric ball that was originally heading toward him suddenly turned around and shot it back toward the man at an extremely fast speed.

"Ah..."

The man's body was hit and sent flying back, with arcs of electricity still flashing.

The electricity didn't cause him any damage, but the pain from being knocked to the ground was uncomfortable.

"How is this possible..."

He still looked shocked.

The other warriors who were not impressed with Lin Xiu initially began to look at him with more respect after seeing what happened.

This young warrior seemed to have great strength.

At least, they didn't see how Lin Xiu had counterattacked.

Soon, the remaining four people arrived.

Crack-

As soon as the twenty recruits gathered, Lu Guangyue snapped his fingers.

The candles on the walls around them all lit up.

The previously dim space became brightly lit.

"Welcome to this mission."

Lu Guangyue stood in the middle and smiled at everyone.

"Everyone here is very strong. This time, we are going to the Netherworld."

"The mission is to kill the Netherworld Unicorn and obtain its horn and odd crystal."

"Everyone knows the reward, right? God-level odd crystals, ten per person, and a bottle of Divine Soul Water per person."

Lin Xiu didn't care about the so-called rewards. He just wanted someone to take him to the Netherworld.

But what exactly was the Divine Soul Water…

At this moment, Lin Xiu also became curious.

"Divine Soul Water, what is it used for?" Lin Xiu looked at Lu Guangyue and instinctively spoke out.

As soon as he spoke, the eyes of the surrounding warriors all looked toward Lin Xiu.

It seemed like they were saying, "Are you pretending to be ignorant?"

"The Divine Soul Water is a liquid that can nourish one's own Divine Soul, and there is a very small chance of elevating one's Divine Soul level," Lu Guangyue continued to speak with a smile.

Lin Xiu nodded slightly.

No wonder so many people came to participate in this event, it turned out to be for this Divine Soul Water.

In that case, are these warriors all equipped with Divine Souls?

Thinking of this, Lin Xiu narrowed his eyes.

"That Netherworld Unicorn is not easy to deal with..."

At the same time, a middle-aged man spoke in a deep voice.