Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1349  Setting off to the Netherworld

Upon hearing the words of the middle-aged man, the surrounding warriors nodded in agreement.

"It is said that the last time the Netherworld Unicorn killed a team of god warriors," said a female warrior in a serious tone.

"Yes," added another. "Mr. Lu, this mission is too dangerous."

"I agree," said another.

The warriors around them began to complain.

"I think we should be given more than one bottle of Divine Soul Water," said the middle-aged man who had just spoken, looking at Lu Guangyue.

"If you don't want to go, you can leave now," said Lu Guangyue, smiling slightly.

"The recruitment notice clearly states the reward," he added firmly.

"But..." The middle-aged man frowned, seeming to want to say more. The Divine Soul Water was just too tempting, and Lu Guangyue seemed to have more than enough.

"If you're not going, then get out," Lu Guangyue said, his tone turning cold.

"You..." The middle-aged man's face turned red and white in anger at Lu Guangyue's disrespectful tone.

"Don't think I don't know that you're just working for someone else," he said, his face darkening.

"You can leave now," Lu Guangyue said simply.

The surrounding warriors were all stunned by Lu Guangyue's words.

They had all wanted to go on the mission, but their greed had gotten the better of them, and they had wanted more.

The Divine Soul Water was just too rare, and they knew they wouldn't be able to get any after this mission.

"Who do you think you are?" The middle-aged man's face twisted in anger.

In the next moment, he lunged at Lu Guangyue with a curved knife.

But Lu Guangyue remained motionless and raised his right hand.

Clang!

As the curved knife hit his right hand, it made a loud metallic sound, as if it had hit a metal surface.

The middle-aged man's pupils shrank.

Before he could react, Lu Guangyue grabbed his shoulder with his left hand.

"Get off me!" the man yelled, trying to strike Lu Guangyue's hand with his knife.

Boom!

In that instant, a loud noise erupted.

The man's body suddenly burst into flames, and he was burned to the bone.

Lu Guangyue threw the bones to the ground.

The god warrior-level warriors around couldn't help but tremble as they witnessed the scene.

It was terrifying.

In such a short amount of time, a god warrior-level warrior was killed and burned to his bones.

The warriors felt chills down their spines.

"Interesting…" Lin Xiu's eyes narrowed. He could clearly feel that Lu Guangyue's flames were slightly stronger than his own Hellfire.

"If anyone wants to leave, you can do so now," Lu Guangyue announced. "The rewards will not change."

The god warriors remained silent after witnessing Lu Guangyue's power.

"Now, we need to find one more," Lu Guangyue said to himself.

After about an hour, another warrior arrived, and Lu Guangyue announced that it was time to depart to the Netherworld.

"Finally," Lin Xiu stretched lazily, feeling excited to go to the Netherworld.

Lu Guangyue led the group to a mountainous canyon, and the sky had started to darken.

"We're not there yet," Lin Xiu said, bored.

"Blackwater City is the closest city to Netherworld but it is still quite a distance," One of the warriors told him. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

"Hey young man, is this your first time going there?"

Another warrior with stubble on his chin also smiled at this point.

"Yeah."

Lin Xiu nodded slightly.

"Nice to meet you, I'm Sun Wei."

The man with the stubble extended his hand toward Lin Xiu.

"Lin Xiu."

Lin Xiu hesitated for a moment before shaking his hand.

He wasn't too familiar with the situation here and this man seemed to enjoy chatting.

But it wouldn't hurt to listen to what he had to say.

"I can tell you're a newly ranked God warrior huh, being young and all."

Sun Wei spoke out of his own assumption as he looked at Lin Xiu.

Lin Xiu smiled but didn't explain anything.

"I'll tell you this, this Netherworld is different from any other place you've been to. You need to be mentally prepared."

Sun Wei spoke with a profound meaning.

"What's different?"

Lin Xiu was curious after hearing Sun Wei's words.

There wasn't much information about the Netherworld online, it all seemed quite vague.

All he knew was that there were many undead creatures there.

"The environment and gravity are both different from the outside world."

"The gravity is different?"

Lin Xiu was surprised to hear Sun Wei's words.

"Yeah, because that place, accurately speaking, isn't in this world."

After hearing Sun Wei's words, Lin Xiu became even more curious about this so-called Netherworld.

Sun Wei didn't say much more after that as Lu Guangyue had already picked up speed, and the other warriors had caught up quickly.

Huh? They're picking up speed?

Lin Xiu raised an eyebrow, and at this point, he also moved forward to catch up.

Swoosh swoosh swoosh

The group accelerated like shadows, constantly shuttling forward.

Soon, Lin Xiu could vaguely see a purple light ahead!