Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1356  The Powerful Netherworld Unicorn (Part 2)

It has a big mouth with densely packed teeth.

These sharp teeth made Lin Xiu's pupils shrink slightly.

Whoosh—

Just as it was about to bite down on Lin Xiu with its bloody mouth, Lin Xiu's figure disappeared instantly.

And this bloody mouth took a bite of air.

"Is this the Netherworld Unicorn?"

Lin Xiu's body appeared in the air on the other side.

Looking at the evolved beast with a pair of huge wings that seemed to be formed by black energy, his eyes narrowed slightly.

The size of this evolved beast is really too big and there is a huge sharp horn on its head.

There are a lot of tattoos on its sharp horn and they looked very weird.

Roar--

It sawLin Xiu dodge its bite. At this moment, it let out a roar and flew toward Lin Xiu in an instant!

Damn it!

Seeing this scene, Lin Xiu's expression changed drastically.

Because the speed of this Netherworld Unicorn is really too fast.

Immediately rushed in front of him, the extremely sharp horn was about to stab Lin Xiu's body.

Caught off guard, Lin Xiu directly unfolded his 'Sphere'.

boom--

The moment the unicorn hit his 'Sphere', Lin Xiu felt an incomparably powerful force and directly pushed his body to the back.

Poof——

The extremely strong impact made Lin Xiu spit out a mouthful of blood.

But he quickly stabilized himself in the air.

Looking at the Netherworld Unicorn that was chasing it, a red lotus fire appeared in Lin Xiu's left hand and a thunder lotus fire appeared in his right hand.

go!

With a wave of both hands, in the next moment, the two lotus flames burst out directly!

Roar--

The Netherworld Unicorn opened its mouth wide when it saw the two lotus flames rushing towards it.

In the next moment, it devoured them directly!

Boom——

As it swallowed the lotus fire, the two lotus fires exploded in its body, making a loud noise.

At this moment, the Netherworld Unicorn felt as if it was in severe pain. It let out a wailing sound, opened its mouth wide, and Lin Xiu could see flames spraying out.

Lin Xiu originally thought that this evolved beast must have been severely injured.

But what he didn't expect was that in the next moment, the monster stabilized its figure and a large amount of blue energy frantically gathered in its mouth!

not good!

Seeing this scene, the pupils in Lin Xiu's eyes shrank involuntarily.

In the next moment, those blue energies that quickly gathered shot out towards Lin Xiu!

forming a huge blue energy ray.

Lin Xiu's figure flashed and he dodged directly.

This terrifying blue energy ray also directly passed by his body, making Lin Xiu's spine feel a little chilled.

Boom, boom, boom——

And this blue energy ray also hit the ground.

In an instant, a huge gully formed on the ground below.

"Above…"

At this time, the shadows of those Netherworld Unicorns had already disappeared.

Lu Guangyue also clearly saw the Netherworld Unicorn in the air.

At this time, the Netherworld Unicorn seemed to have gone crazy and it desperately attacked Lin Xiu!

"Hurry up! The Netherworld Unicorn is right up there!"

At this moment, Lu Guangyue let out an angry roar, raised the saber in his hand and flew up into the sky.

At this moment, the warriors around were still in the fear of the huge black shadow of the evolved beast just now.

Hearing Lu Guangyue's words at this time and looking up at the gigantic Netherworld Unicorn figure in the sky, their bodies couldn't help but tremble slightly.

This terrifying creature, just looking at it like this, makes people feel extremely small.

And now, eight warriors have died!

There were only twelve warriors left!

"I... I won't do this mission anymore!!!"

One of the God warriors roared loudly at this moment, then immediately flew to the other side.

That Netherworld Unicorn was still frantically trying to attack Lin Xiu.

But at this moment, it seemed to have discovered something and suddenly spit out a huge blue energy cluster from its mouth and charged toward the other side!

The warrior who was just about to escape from the Netherworld Forest was directly hit by this huge energy ball.

Before he had time to unfold his 'Sphere', the warrior's body was directly annihilated by the terrifying energy ball!

The rest of the warriors who originally wanted to escape looked at this scene and their bodies trembled.

It's really terrifying! 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

A God warrior-level warrior can be dealt with so easily!

Stupid, once discovered by the Netherworld Unicorn, it will not let anyone escape!!!

Lu Guangyue gritted her teeth while watching this scene.

The reason why he was able to escape last time was because he used the Space Teleportation Ring, but that ring was obtained from the ancient ruins.

It can only be used once!

If this Netherworld Unicorn is not dealt with now, it is impossible to escape!

At this time, Lu Guangyue had already flown into the air, holding the saber in his hand, directly facing the Netherworld Unicorn and slashed through the air!

The moment he slashed out, the entire saber instantly turned into a huge shadow of the saber, slashing toward the Netherworld Unicorn crazily.

The body of this Netherworld Unicorn is too huge. Even though its speed is fast, at this moment, it was still struck by the huge sword energy and loud noises erupted.

How can this be...!!!

But soon, Lu Guangyue's eyes widened.

Because at this moment, he clearly discovered that his own attack has no way to break through the body of this evolved beast!

The body of the Netherworld Unicorn seems to be covered with an extremely thick layer of armor!

No matter what, there is no way to break it!

Roar--

And the Netherworld Unicorn seemed to regard this attack as itching and ignored Lu Guangyue, but continued to attack Lin Xiu crazily!

Because the lotus fire that Lin Xiu had just released had indeed caused it a lot of damage.

"Damn it!"

Lin Xiu couldn't help cursing secretly as he looked at the Netherworld Unicorn that was chasing after him.

At the next moment, with a movement of his body, he continuously used 'Flashing Souls' and appeared above the Netherworld Unicorn!

His body instantly landed on the head of the Netherworld Unicorn.

As if feeling Lin Xiu above its head, the Netherworld Unicorn suddenly let out a huge roar.

Hearing such a loud roar at such a close distance, Lin Xiu felt as if his eardrums were going to explode.

Of course, if it was an ordinary God warrior, the eardrums may really be blown away by this Netherworld Unicorn.

However, Lin Xiu has already unlocked the gene lock and his body is different from that of an ordinary God warrior!