Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1357  True Fire Fist

At this moment, Lin Xiu firmly grasped the hair on the head of the evolved beast with his left hand.

And this Netherworld Unicorn had no way to get rid of Lin Xiu.

At the next moment, Lin Xiu raised his right hand and all the energy in his body gathered towards his right hand at this moment!

Taking a closer look at this moment, Lin Xiu's whole body seemed to have turned into a huge tiger.

'Savage Tiger Fist'!!!

Boom——

As Lin Xiu punched the Netherworld Unicorn's head with his right hand, there was an extremely loud sound.

A dent appeared on the head of the Netherworld Unicorn and some blood spattered out.

Just when Lin Xiu was about to continue attacking, the Netherworld Unicorn's body shook wildly.

At this moment, Lin Xiu finally couldn't grasp it properly and his whole body was sent flying.

Boom——

Like falling meteorites, all kinds of things fell from the sky to the ground and a loud sound erupted.

"Kill!!!"

The rest of the warriors also flew into the sky at this time.

Under the leadership of Lu Guangyue, they surrounded and attacked the Netherworld Unicorn.

After what happened just now, these warriors also forgot about life and death at this time and attacked the Netherworld Unicorn without hesitation.

Because they now also know that even if they wanted to escape, the Netherworld Unicorn would not let them leave easily.

Now, only by killing this Netherworld Unicorn could they leave!

They originally intended to pursue the Netherworld Unicorn that was chasing after Lin Xiu, but at that moment, it went berserk and launched a frenzied attack at the God warriors who were attacking it.

Lin Xiu's punch seemed to have completely enraged it

At this time, some warriors were caught off guard and were also knocked down from the air by it.

"Damn it, it's a little strong…"

Lin Xiu, who was blasted to the ground, crawled out at this time.

The punch that he gathered all the energy from his body just now only dented its head a little bit.

It didn't seem like it had suffered any fatal injuries.

Sure enough, the physical defense ability of a powerful evolved beast was really too strong.

It was much harder than the 'Sphere' of ordinary warriors!

It would be great if Lin Xiu had the Dark Edge spear.

Lin Xiu misses his Dark Edge spear a little bit now. If he used the gloves now, there would be a drop in strength by at least 30%.

Taking a deep breath, Lin Xiu directly activated the 'Heavenly Array' at this time!

As Lin Xiu took a deep breath, the next moment, a dazzling light burst out from his body.

Soon, the bright light spread directly, covering the entire ground.

With the use of the Heavenly Array, Lin Xiu now clearly feels that his own strength was being significantly strengthened.

Lin Xiu thought about not using other system skills.

After all, they had to find Netherworld Flame later which was the most important thing.

With a push of his legs, Lin Xiu sprang up directly.

Like a bullet fired from the chamber, he flew straight into the air.

At this time, a large amount of black energy was released from the Netherworld Unicorn's body.

With its roar, a large amount of black energy like its shadow burst out from all directions!

These black shadows were exactly the same as the ones just now.

Seeing this scene, the expressions of these warriors who had already suffered a lot changed drastically.

They gave up the attack directly and dodged.

And Lin Xiu also rushed to its head at this time and punched it directly with his fist!

At this moment, a huge flaming fist materialized and as Lin Xiu moved, it blasted toward the head of the Netherworld Unicorn.

God-level skill 'True Fire Fist'!!!

Boom——

With an extremely loud sound, the body of the Netherworld Unicorn was directly blasted to the ground below by Lin Xiu's punch.

The entire ground shook at that moment, raising a large amount of dust.

"God...God-level skill!?"

Some warriors around looked at this scene with surprise in their eyes.

Although they are all warriors at the God warrior level, it is still very difficult to learn the powerful god-level skill.

There were too few god-level skills.

What's more, the god-level skill that Lin Xiu used just now is definitely not an ordinary god-level skill.

Even the space was distorted by Lin Xiu's punch just now.

Bang bang bang——

Just as everyone was in shock, loud noises came from below.

A series of terrifying blue energy balls rushed up from below.

"Get away!"

Seeing this scene, Lu Guangyue's eyes suddenly changed drastically.

As soon as he finished speaking, a terrifying energy ball brushed past his head.

Although it didn't hit his head, he felt a tingling sensation on his cheeks.

Almost all the warriors around dodged.

Roar--

The Netherworld Unicorn continued to flap its pair of black energy wings and flew up from the ground again!

"Damn it!"

Seeing this scene, everyone's eyes became ugly.

Just now, Lin Xiu's powerful blow has not killed this monster yet!

At this point, the God warriors did not hold back and immediately unleashed their own divine soul power

All kinds of weapon spirits and beast souls kept appearing. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

But they were all at the gold level.

While dodging the attack of the Netherworld Unicorn, Lin Xiu looked forward and found that Lu Guangyue's soul was a blood-red saber.

There were two faint divine marks on it.

The obvious one was the red-level divine soul.

These warriors were not hiding their divine souls anymore.

"kill!!!"

Lu Guangyue roared angrily and continued to hold the weapon in his hand and attacked the Netherworld Unicorn!

The rest of the warriors were obviously red-eyed.

With the blessing of divine soul power, their physical strength has also increased a lot.

At this time, as their strength erupted, they continued to use powerful skills to attack the Netherworld Unicorn.

Lin Xiu continued to use the True Fire Fist.

With the waving of the fist in the air, huge fire fists appeared in the air, continuously attacking the Netherworld Unicorn.

Boom, boom, boom——

Although the Netherworld Unicorn was constantly attacked by the 'True Fire Fist', it was not sent flying.

But it has no way to get close to Lin Xiu's body.

Soon, under the attacks of the crowd, many injuries began to appear on the Netherworld Unicorn's body.

Purple blood kept flowing out.

"It's going to be over! Work harder!!!"

Seeing this scene, Lu Guangyue yelled crazily.

Just now his body was scratched by the claws of this Netherworld Unicorn. At this time, there were two deep blood marks on his body.

He was covered in blood!