Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1364  Journey Home

"This flame. It is indeed horrifying."

Lin Xiu looked at the Netherworld Flame in his palm and took a deep breath.

The pain that was so intense that it shook his heart and soul was something that he would never want to experience again.

As Lin Xiu waved his arm, the flame fired into the distance and landed on the ground fair away from him. There was a huge explosion that followed.

The Netherworld that never has daylight was indeed weirdly terrifying.

Lin Xiu had no idea how long it had been.

"Guess it's time to head back..."

Lin Xiu muttered to himself and started his journey back.

He took out his combat suit from the expansion space, put it back on before starting his journey.

"That fellow must have died over there."

In the Blackwater Mansion of the Blackwater City, Lu Guangyue couldn't help but sighed.

It has already been a week but Lin Xiu still has not returned.

Although the odd crystal of the Netherworld unicorn and its horn were priceless treasures, it was still nothing compared to the Spirit Fluid!

He had already thought of keeping all of it to himself!

Creak– –

Suddenly, the doors of the Blackwater Mansion were pushed open.

Then, there was the sound of a man stepping into the room.

"Who is it?!"

With the door opened, there was a bright light that shone into the room and Lu Guangyue looked shocked.

"It's a little late."

Then, there was a familiar voice that appeared.

"It's you?!"

As he took a closer look, he noticed that it was Lin Xiu!

"You're…..you're not dead?!"

Lu Guangyue's eyes were widened due to how shocked he was!

"Of course."

Lin Xiu stretched his back a little once he got into the mansion.

The past few days have been exhausting.

"Where's my reward?"

Lin Xiu went straight to the point.

"2 hundred god-level odd crystals and twenty bottles of Spirit Fluid."

Before Lu Guangyue could say anything, Lin Xiu already stated what he wanted.

After hearing what Lin Xiu said, Lu Guangyue didn't look happy.

"It's too much..."

"No. No it isn't."

Lin Xiu shook his head.

"Since you were the one who placed this offer, you should have anticipated it and have at least prepared 20 sets of it."

Plus, Lin Xiu knew that the Netherworld Unicorn was a beast that was only found in the Netherworld and was incredibly rare.

The look on Lu Guangyue's face changed as if he was thinking hard about something.

"Give it to him."

Just then, there was a huge figure that was walking down the stairs.

"Mast….Master..."

Lu Guangyue turned around and faced the stairs before answering respectfully.

Lin Xiu narrowed his eyes curiously and looked up as well. He could see that there was an elder standing at the staircase.

The elder was tall and muscular but he had to use a walking stick.

He was also coughing non-stop.

"Give it to him."

The elder continued.

"Yes, Sir."

Lu Guangyue nodded his head before heading to the back of the room.

Then, he completely disappeared.

"Are you feeling weird that I am a normal human?"

The elder noticed how Lin Xiu was looking at him.

Lin Xiu was stunned.

It was true. He had just analysed the elder before him but he realised that this elder was just a normal warrior.

He wasn't even a warrior master.

In the Warrior God Realm, he was indeed considered a peasant.

"I have been cursed and lost all of my strength. So, I would need the odd crystal and its horns."

The elder smiled.

"Well, I guess the person who cursed you must have been someone powerful."

Lin Xiu smiled in return.

"It was, indeed."

The old man spoke in a solemn tone.

As if he had thought of something, he had a different look on his face.

"Your odd crystals and twenty bottles of Spirit Fluid."

At the same time, Lu Guangyue has already returned with a box filled with 200 odd crystals and 20 bottles that were arranged in an orderly manner.

It was as if they were a carton of beverage which caused Lin Xiu to feel confused.

So...this was the Spirit Fluid?

Lin Xiu took the odd crystals and Spirit Fluid from Lu Guangyue.

He could then feel that there was a huge surge of energy from the bottles.

Hmm…. Should be right.

With the control of his mind, all of the crystals and fluid disappeared in a blink of an eye.

They're gone?!

Lu Guangyue was incredibly surprised to see what had happened.

Perhaps this man had something like a storage space?!

This was something that you couldn't even get with money!

"For you."

Lin Xiu then took out the odd crystal and the horns of the Netherworld Unicorn.

"It is indeed the horns and off crystals of the Netherworld Unicorn!"

The elder was beyond excited to see what it was.

He quickly reached over and grabbed both the items.

"Well, if there's nothing else here, I will be leaving now."

Lin Xiu smiled and quickly turned around.

"Wait! Are you interested in..."

Seeing how Lin Xiu was about to leave, the elder tried to stop him.

"Not interested in it!" Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Lin Xiu has no idea what the old man wanted but it was already about time that he had to leave for Tianmen City.

Tianmen City only opens once every twenty years.

Once entrance was validated, all of the young, powerful warriors would head over to Tianmen City.

The competition there would be intense.

Lin Xiu took a look at the time and there wasn't much left.

The elder stared at Lin Xiu who was leaving and he felt a sense of regret.

"I can feel that that man is incredibly powerful."

Lu Gunagyue nodded his head after hearing what his master said.

However, Lu Guangyue had his own questions in mind.

Did Lin Xiu get the Netherworld Flame?

If he did, how did he come back alive?

"You will need a thousand energy stones to be transported back to Lingzhou."

The staff at the teleportation device informed Lin Xiu.

"Can odd crystals be used instead?"

Lin Xiu then took out a few odd crystals and passed it to the staff.

The staff caught onto the odd crystals that Lin Xiu and he was surprised.

He was dumbfounded as he stared at Lin Xiu who seemed wealthy and quickly activated the teleportation device.

Lin Xiu stepped onto it and with a bright light that appeared from underneath his feet, Lin Xiu disappeared almost instantly.

"Have you returned?"

When Lin Xiu took a good look around him, he heard a familiar voice and knew that he had returned.

"Yes. I'm back."

Lin Xiu looked up and saw that it was Commander Pang.

It seems like Commander Pang was not in a great mood.