Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1365  Lingxian City Under Attack!

"What's wrong?"

Lin Xiu could clearly sense that something was right with Commander Pang.

"We wanted to inform you about this earlier. Our city is under attack."

Commander Pang stared at Lin Xiu and told him about the bad news.

"We're under attack?"

Lin Xiu furrowed his brow when he heard the news.

He wasn't far from Lingxian City now. He could hear that there were loud explosions coming from it.

"Yes. It has been sometime. The warriors from Xingzhou have been attacking Lingxian City."

"There has been a large number of casualties and even Mr. Pang is severely injured."

Commander Pang quickly reported the latest situation.

"Warriors from another place?"

After hearing what he said, Lin Xiu frowned.

"The warriors from Xingzhou are much taller and are bulkier. They are incredibly powerful as well."

Commander Pang continued reporting the latest update.

Lin Xiu took on Commander Pang and suddenly thought of something. He hesitated for a moment before asking, "Are you and Mr. Pang related?"

Commander Pang was surprised at first and subconsciously asked, "Why would you say so? Was it because we share the same last name?"

"I can feel that you care about Mr. Pang."

Lin Xiu spoke what he had in mind.

Commander Pang hesitated for a while before he sighed.

"That's right. His name is Pang Ming and he's my younger brother."

"There was a disaster when we were younger and he ended up in Lingxian City. As for me, it was a coincidence that I was sent here."

"But, he injured his head when he was younger and has forgotten everything."

Lin Xiu nodded his head.

It was exactly what he had assumed.

"You don't want him to get his memories back?"

"I don't."

Commander Pang let out a bitter smile.

"The memories of the past are painful. It's better to keep it this way."

Lin Xiu could understand what he meant and gently patted his shoulder before leaving.

He had to get back to Lingxian City to see what on earth was happening there.

Boom boom– –

Back in Lingxian City, there were countless huge warriors who were waving their weapons and releasing countless powerful attacks onto Lingxian City.

All of them were focused on attacking the energy barrier around Lingxian City.

Although it has not destroyed the city, the entire city was shaking out of control.

"Damn it!!!"

Lei Chong was levitating in the air and he could see the warriors who were attacking him causing him to look troubled.

"How long can the energy barrier still last for?"

Baili Haoling was also in the air with Lei Chong.

She was already covered in blood and had been injured from the fight before.

"I'm not sure but it wouldn't be long before it breaks."

Lei Chong shook his head.

These warriors were incredibly powerful and all of the warriors skills seemed to be entirely specialised to break down the energy barrier.

As the warriors continued attacking, the entire barrier was at the verge of breaking.

"These idiots….."

Baili Haoling's eyes have turned dark red.

She loved battles but she wasn't an idiot.

There were at least 20 warrior gods out there!

Not only were they warriors gods, they were incredibly powerful ones as well.

Especially their physique strength.

"If only City Lord was here..."

Lei Chong couldn't help but mutter to himself.

"Damn it! This energy barrier is much tougher than the other cities."

At the same time, the strong warriors who were outside the energy barrier continued attacking the barriers with their weapons. They couldn't help but roar when they saw how tough the barrier was.

"Just continued with it. This thing is about to break."

One of the bald men spoke boldly.

He looked ferocious and he was huge.

"Didn't you hear what was said?! He told us to continue!"

"There's so much energy here! This city must be a treasure!"

With that said, the rest of the warriors quickly continued their attacks on the energy barrier.

Boom boom – –

The entire ground started shaking once again.

Then, there were cracks that appeared all over the energy barrier!

"Nice."

When the bald man saw what happened, there was a smile that appeared on his face.

"Looks like a crowd here."

Then, there was a voice that appeared from behind him.

"Who is it?!"

When they heard the voice from behind them, the warriors quickly stopped what they were doing and turned around.

Each of them had a good sense of what was happening around them but they had only noticed that there was a man next to them after hearing his voice.

The bald man also turned around as well and he could see Lin Xiu who was slowly walking towards them.

Lin Xiu did not have any weapons with him and due to how he had concealed his strength, Lin Xiu was now merely a peasant.

The man furrowed his brows when he saw Lin Xiu.

This man isn't even a saint warrior?!

That's impossible!

If this wasn't a saint warrior or if he was merely a peasant, he should have felt it when this man came close to them!

Therefore, there was only one answer to this! This man was much stronger than him!

"Trying to kill the people in Lingxian City?"

Lin Xiu looked over and noticed the bodies on the ground.

It was obvious that these people had ambushed them before the energy barrier had been released.

"You belong to this city?" DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

The bald man questioned Lin Xiu.

He sounds arrogant and prideful.

Although he still had no idea how Lin Xiu was able to hide his true abilities...

His team was incredibly powerful. No matter how powerful this man might be, he would still be defeated while facing his team of men!

"Accurately speaking, I am the owner of this city."

Lin Xiu narrowed his eyes and there was a murderous aura that was released.

"Hahahahah!!! You useless bastard! You're the City Lord?!"

One of the warriors laughed when he heard what Lin Xiu said.

Lin Xiu then glared at the warrior who laughed.

'Soul Eater'!!!

This was the first time that Lin Xiu had used such powerful warrior skills!

The warrior who mocked Lin Xiu was merely a saint warrior. With just a look from Lin Xiu, his soul had been torn apart almost instantly.

His entire body felt weak as he feel to the ground.

He's….he's dead?!

The rest of the warriors were shocked to see what had happened!