Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1371  Royal Beast Sect

Xiao Qingchen and Yuan Zheng quickly followed behind Lin Xiu.

"This dude's abilities seem to have become stronger?"

As they flew over to the city, Xiao QIngchen spoke to Yuan Zheng.

This time, after meeting Lin Xiu, Xiao Qingchen could feel that Lin Xiu's aura was different.

He seems to be much scarier than before.

This was something that bothered Xiao Qingchen. Ever since he went back, Xiao Qingchen has been training like mad and he even almost died.

He thought that this time, he would definitely be much stronger than Lin Xiu but somehow, Lin Xiu had gone beyond.

Lin Xiu's abilities were now a mystery.

"It's true that he's much stronger now."

"I wonder what his true abilities are now."

Yuan Zheng was speechless as well.

Back then, when he fought Lin Xiu, he might have lost the fight but he was still on the same level as Lin Xiu.

But now, he could feel that Lin Xiu was at a level where he could not reach.

This was a similar feeling that he had when he met Riyan God Lord and the God King.

"Perhaps this kid really engulfed the Netherworld Flame?"

Xiao Qingchen stared at Lin Xiu and muttered to himself.

Lin Xiu did not hear what they were muttering about. He was focused on getting into Warrior God City.

As he got closer to the city, Lin Xiu could clearly see that there were various warrior gods that were flying into the city.

There's so many of them here!

"Would Luo Yue be here...?"

Lin Xiu thought to himself.

It may be possible!

As he thought about it, Lin Xiu sped up.

"That fella..."

Seeing how Lin Xiu was getting faster, Xiao Qingchen and Yuan Zheng looked confused.

They were already flying at their fastest but they didn't think that Lin Xiu could get even faster!

They could no longer catch up to him!

By now, Lin Xiu was already at the city gates.

The city gates of Warrior God City were huge.

As Lin Xiu stood in front of the gate, he felt that he was as small as an ant.

"It is huge indeed."

Seeing how enormous the gates were, Lin Xiu couldn't help but exclaim.

There were lots of warrior gods that came from all over the Warrior God Realm and all of them were headed into the city.

"See? This is Warrior God City."

Xiao Qingchen, who finally caught up, spoke to Lin Xiu who was already at the gates.

"Hmm. It is indeed a huge place."

Lin Xiu nodded his head.

"There are so many warrior gods!"

Yuan Zheng looked around and he was surprised too.

It was true that there were lots of warriors at the gate.

There were countless warrior gods that were entering the city.

Boom – –

Suddenly, there was a loud sound. Some of the warriors who tried to enter the city have been thrown far into the distance.

"What's going on?"

Lin Xiu got curious when he saw what happened.

"Those warriors have gone beyond the age limit."

"They may look young but some of them are indeed quite old. Some may even be a century old."

Xiao Qingchen spoke in a cold tone.

"How old are you?"

Lin Xiu asked Xiao Qingchen out of curiosity.

"Thirty-eight."

Xiao Qingchen was prideful when he answered the question.

At the age of thirty-right, he was already considered a genius.

"I'm forty-one."

Yuan Zheng quickly answered.

Both of them then turned to Lin Xiu, waiting for him to answer.

"Well….I'm about twenty?"

Lin Xiu hesitated for a moment before answering helplessly. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"Haha."

Xiao Qingchen and Yuan Zheng mocked Lin Xiu after hearing his answer.

Lin Xiu definitely thought of them as idiots. With only twenty years of age, how could he be such a powerful warrior?!

This was definitely a joke.

Lin Xiu knew that they didn't believe him but he didn't explain himself.

As he focused on the gates, Lin Xiu quickly flew past it!

The city gates were made of a special type of rock. It looks normal and opens on both sides.

When Lin Xiu got closer, he soon noticed that as the gates opened, there was a dull energy barrier seen.

As Lin Xiu walked past it, he could feel his soul shuddering.

It was as if his soul had been scanned!

These gates do not recognise age by their facial recognition or bone age. They directly scan their souls!

This way, no one would be able to hide their true age!

Lin Xiu slowly felt warmer as he walked into the city.

It felt a little cold when he walked through those gates.

Xiao QIngchen and Yuan Zheng, who came after him, seemed to have felt uncomfortable as well.

"We're finally here."

Xiao Qingchen took a deep breath and looked around. He looked surprised.

Boom – –

Suddenly, there were warriors on huge evolved beasts that rushed into the city.

"Move aside! Move!"

The evolved beast that they were riding on was huge and powerful. It even threw people out of the way.

"They seem aggressive."

Lin Xiu frowned as he witnessed the scene.

Suddenly, the warriors then stopped by the gates.

"Who was the one who spoke?"

One of the younger men stood on top of his evolved beast and looked around.

The other warriors seemed to know who these people were and quickly escaped. Lin Xiu and his gang were the only ones left.

"Was it all three of you?"

The young man stared at Lin Xiu with a sharp, cold gaze.

"They're from the Royal Beast Sect. Not someone that we should mess with."

Xiao Qingchen seemed to know who they were as well and quickly warned the other two.

This wasn't good. They have just got here and have gotten into trouble.

"Let's go."

Lin Xiu didn't bother speaking to them and wanted to leave with Yuan Zheng and Xiao QIngchen.

The other two nodded their heads as well. There was no need to get into a fight with these people.

"Stop them."

Seeing how Lin Xiu and the rest of them were leaving, the young man sneered.

With his commands, there were two other men with their huge evolved beast that went after Lin Xiu. They tugged onto the ropes that were tied around the necks of the evolved beast and rushed over.

One stood in front of Lin Xiu while the other stood behind, blocking all ways for Lin Xiu and his gang.

The first young man then got closer to Lin Xiu.

"I don't like how you spoke behind my back."

He had his eyes fixed on Lin Xiu.

"Slap yourself 100 times and you are allowed to leave."

The man spoke in a cold tone.

"Yuan Zheng, did you say that they were from the Royal Beast Sect?"

Lin Xiu asked Yuan Zheng once again.

"Yeap."

Yuan Zheng nodded his head.

"Well, it looks more like the Lunatic Sect. They're full of idiots."

Lin Xiu looked at the rest of them before giving his comments.