Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1372  Kill Instantly!

After hearing what Lin Xiu said, Yuan Zheng had a bad feeling about this.

Seems like trouble has already arrived.

"Well, it is true that they are all idiots! Hahahahaha!"

Xiao Qingchen was also one that wasn't afraid of trouble and he laughed out loud.

"All of you are dead!"

"Zhou Qiu, Luo Tian! Slap them!"

With the command from the young man, both of the warriors behind and in front of Lin Xiu, jumped off their rides. Then, they started attacking Lin Xiu and Xiao Qingchen!

Zhou Qiu had his eyes fixed on Lin Xiu. Although he could sense that there was something different about Lin Xiu, Lin Xiu seems like a weak person to him.

Then, he stretched out his hand and was about to slap Lin Xiu on the face.

His slap was incredibly strong and even if they were warrior gods, they would definitely lose all of their teeth.

Boom – –

Just as his right palm was about to touch Lin Xiu's face, Lin Xiu instantly caught his wrist.

The look in Zhou Qiu's eyes changed immediately and he wanted to pull his hand back.

However, he suddenly felt that his wrist was being held on by something strong like a metal trap. He couldn't free himself!

How did this happen?!

Even when he was shocked, he still reacted quickly and released a bright red flame.

You shall be dead!

Zhou Qiu thought about it in his mind and he wanted to burn Lin Xiu's hand off!

But, something surprising happened next.

The flames that he had released did not cause any damage to Lin Xiu.

"Is that all you've got?"

Lin Xiu asked quietly.

"That's impossible..."

His eyes were opened wide. He had released the 'True Fire Flames' which was a horrifying flame.

Most warriors would not be able to be in contact with it.

However, Lin Xiu did not seem to be bothered by it.

Boom – –

The next moment, Lin Xiu was the one who retaliated and released a dark blue flame.

As the dark blue flame and the red flames released by Zhou Qiu collided with each other, there was a huge explosion.

"AHHHHH!"

Zhou Qiu screamed in pain.

The flames that he had released were gone and there was a huge burnt piece on his arm.

It was obvious that he had been injured by the Hellfire that Lin Xiu released.

"Well, your flames are weak."

Lin Xiu shook his head.

That wasn't even Netherworld Flames.

It was Hellfire that he had used previously.

Upon seeing this, Xiao Qingchen felt relieved.

If Lin Xiu had successfully absorbed the Netherworld flame, that would be terrifying.

Even he was afraid of those flames.

At the same time, Luo Tian rushed over to Xiao Qingchen.

He reacted quickly and started fighting Luo Tian.

"I don't need your help! I can kill this rubbish on my own!"

Seeing how Yuan Zheng wanted to help, Xiao Qingchen quickly stopped him.

For the past month, he has improved drastically.

Luo Tian could be considered someone powerful but compared to Xiao Qingchen, he was nothing.

The young man who ordered Luo Tian and Zhou Qiu suddenly had a solemn look on his face.

"Young master, that fella's flame seems a little odd."

Zhou Qiu held onto his arm that was in pain and reported it to his master.

"Would you be able to defeat him?"

When the young man heard what Zhou Qiu said, he quickly asked for an answer in return.

"Of course!"

Zhou Qiu stared at Lin Xiu.

He had been ambushed by Lin Xiu earlier. Lin Xiu wasn't considered someone strong as none of them could feel the movement of his source energy.

"Well, kill him."

The young man gave his commands once again.

"Yes!"

Zhou Qiu nodded his head and without any hesitation, he started attacking Lin Xiu once again!

He got on his ride and went straight for Lin Xiu.

The man moved quickly on his huge evolved beast and he was getting closer to Lin Xiu by the second.

Then, Zhou Qiu pulled out the machete on his back and swung it at Lin Xiu's body!

Boom – –

Lin Xiu merely raised his arm and stopped the machete.

When the machete landed on Lin Xiu, there was a huge sound.

It sounded as if the machete had hit something made of a strong metal.

Roar!

The huge evolved beast also raised one of its jaws and was about to hit Lin Xiu.

Lin Xiu raised his other hand and slapped the evolved beast away.

As both collided, none of them moved.

That's so powerful!

Yuan Zheng was in awe when he saw what happened.

"Move!"

Lin Xiu furrowed and shouted in rage.

Boom – –

Then, there was a blast of energy that was released from Lin Xiu's body.

Zhou Qiu, along with his evolved beast, were both thrown far into the distance and they fell heavily on top of the building behind them.

The building seemed to be bad of a unique material and it was incredibly tough.

Therefore, their impact did not cause any damage to the building.

However, Zhou Qiu and the evolved beast both let out painful cries.

"Will I be in trouble for killing them?"

Lin Xiu looked at Yuan Zheng and asked if he could get rid of them once and for all.

He always held onto one principle which was to not kill the innocent. However, if these people were the ones who wanted to kill him first, he would have to get rid of them.

This was because he had put himself in trouble way too many times previously.

"There shouldn't be a problem since they were the one who attacked you first. You are allowed to defend yourself." Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Yuan Zheng quickly answered him.

"But, I'm worried that they might call the others to hunt for you!"

After getting an answer from Yuan Zheng, there was a murderous look that appeared in Lin Xiu's eyes.

He's going to kill them!

With that thought in mind, Lin Xiu's fists were both covered with a large amount of source energy.

"True Fire Fist!"

As Lin Xiu threw his fist into the air, there were two fireballs that were headed towards Zhou Qiu and his huge evolved beast.

Boom – –

With both the 'True Fire Fist' and 'Sonic Sound', Lin Xiu had already thrown countless attacks on both of them.

When Lin Xiu finally heard the notification from the system that he had killed them both, he finally stopped.

They're….dead?

Yuan Zheng's eyes were wide open!

The young man's body was shivering as well.

He didn't think that it would be that easy for Lin Xiu to kill Zhou Qiu!

"Oh! You're dead!!!"