Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1382  Absorbing the Source of Hellfire

Lin Xiu looked over at Zhang Laosan's body that had been burnt thoroughly but he did not look sorry for him.

Soon, there was a loud notification that rang in his mind.

This was the notification that he got for the EXP that he had received.

The EXP that he has gotten were so much that Lin Xiu didn't bother looking at it.

He looked at the progress bar and noticed that it was now at 81%

He was 19% away from being level 74!

Lin Xiu started feeling excited after thinking about it.

The flames continued to burn. Soon, Zhang Laosan's body was completely burnt to ash and there was only a dark green skeleton left on the ground.

There was an energy mark that appeared in the air.

Lin Xiu reached out to it with his left hand and the energy mark then appeared on his forehead.

Only one?

Lin Xiu was a little speechless.

Zhang Laosan seemed to be a powerful man, why hasn't he gotten any other energy mark?

Now, there were four energy marks on his body and he only needed one more to leave.

"Hmm?"

Suddenly, Lin Xiu noticed that there was a small flame amongst the pile of bones.

This was the source of Hellfire!

With Zhang Laosan dead, the flames once again turned back into its source and it had not dissipated.

Lin Xiu got closer to the flames.

The warriors, who were trying to attack Xiao Qingchen and Yuan Zheng, noticed that Lin Xiu was not paying attention to them and were trying to escape from this man.

Xiu xiu xiu – –

However, Lin Xiu had already released the energy from his sourcemark.

The warriors who were trying to escape soon noticed that they were trapped inside the weird arrays!

"F*ck!"

All of them looked frightened as they tried to break the array with their weapons.

Boom boom boom – –

There were loud noises that followed as their weapons hit the array.

However, no matter how hard they tried, they still couldn't break apart the array.

The array was so tough that it was even stronger than their 'sphere'!

Lin Xiu didn't bother with those stuck inside but instead, walked over to the pile of bones.

He was right. This was the source of Hellfire.

This must be why Zhang Laosan could be so arrogant earlier. The Hellfire that he had was indeed much more powerful than what Lin Xiu had.

The Hellfire caused the air around them to bend.

"Alright. You are now mine!"

Lin Xiu stared at the flame that was on the ground and smiled.

Then, he reached out for it with his left hand!

Boom – –

As Lin Xiu touched the source of the Hellfire, the dark blue flame then spreaded all over Lin Xiu's arm!

However, his body has been rebuilt by the Netherworld Flame and he had a high resistance towards fire.

Although his palm did turn black, the flame still couldn't completely burn off Lin Xiu's hand.

Lin Xiu controlled it with his mind and the dark blue flames were completely absorbed into his arm.

Then, it spread through his entire body.

Soon, Lin Xiu felt a sharp pain all over his body.

It felt as if his entire body was about to get burnt.

Lin Xiu, who had been through much more suffering than these, were already numb to it.

He activated his cultivation technique and quickly absorbed the source of the Hellfire.

Half an hour passed and Lin Xiu could feel that the burning pain inside him had disappeared.

He had completely absorbed the source of the Hellfire.

"Well, it's your turn next."

Lin Xiu picked up the spear and looked at the remaining warriors. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

The warriors were still stuck inside the array and they were still trying to break the array with their weapons.

However, no matter how hard they tried, the array wouldn't break.

"Ahhhhh!"

One of the warriors screamed as he tried to release a powerful warrior skill to destroy the array.

Boom – –

With one loud explosion, the array was destroyed!

However, before he could celebrate, another array appeared around him!

He thought that he had freed himself and would be able to leave but when he saw the array around him, he turned crazy!

"I broke it! Let me leave!!!"

The warrior started screaming.

Lin Xiu stared at the man with an empty look in his eyes.

The array around him then started expanding like a balloon.

Boom – –

Then, there was a large explosion.

The warrior who was inside has been blasted into a million pieces.

Then, another energy mark was about to appear on Lin Xiu's forehead.

Lin Xiu then waved his right hand and swept the energy mark towards Xiao Qingchen.

Then, there were four energy marks on Xiao Qingchen's forehead.

"Let us go! If you don't, you will be dead!"

One of the warriors inside the array screamed on top of his lungs.

Seeing how Zhang Laosan was no match for Lin Xiu and died and how the other warrior died inside the array, all of them felt frightened.

If they don't get out of here soon, all of them would end up dead inside the array!

"Die."

Lin Xiu gave a simple command and all of the arrays started expanding.

Boom – –

Another warrior got blasted into ashes.

Lin Xiu waved his right arm and swept the energy mark over to Yuan Zheng.

"Please! Let me go! I promise not to do it again..."

Some of the warriors have completely lost their minds.

They didn't think that Lin Xiu was such a powerful man.

Plus, their energy seemed to be suppressed while they were inside the array.

Even if they wanted to release all of the energy in them, it was impossible.

"Goodbye."

Lin Xiu bidded farewell.

With a snap of his fingers, all of the warriors inside the array were blasted to death.

Boom boom boom – –

There were countless energy marks that appeared in the air.

Lin Xiu swayed his arms and there were two other energy marks that appeared on Yuan Zheng and Xiao Qingchen's forehead.

Then, as they have gathered all five energy marks, there was a bright light that shone from their foreheads.