Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1383  Tianmen City That They Can Never Reach.

Then, the bright light from his forehead then covered his entire body.

Xiao Qingchen's figure disappeared.

So did Yuan Zheng.

Were they going to the next spot already?

Lin Xiu couldn't help but frown when he saw what happened.

He looked at the remaining energy marks and with the control of his mind, the energy marks then flew towards Lin Xiu's forehead.

Soon, Lin Xiu's body was covered with the bright glow as well.

Then, he slowly disappeared.

When Lin Xiu got his vision back, the scene around him had changed.

"Congratulations on clearing the path in Misty Forest. You will be headed to Tianmen City's Ancient Ruins next."

There was a sound in the air that reminded Lin Xiu of where he was.

Lin Xiu ignored it and looked around, realizing that he was the only one.

As he looked around, he furrowed his brows.

There was lava everywhere and he was standing on the only piece of rock. The rest of the ground was filled with lava.

The lava was growing brightly and they looked hot.

There were also bubbles that would appear as well; as if they were boiling.

Lin Xiu looked into the distance and somewhere far away, there was a city.

Could that be the Ancient Ruins?

As he thought about it, Lin Xiu leaped into the air and wanted to get closer to the city.

But, just as Lin Xiu was about to teleport himself there, he noticed that all of his source energy had been suppressed.

He could no longer levitate.

"Hmm?"

Lin Xiu frowned.

So…..he had to walk there?

He took a good look at the lava around him. After hesitating for some time, he dove straight into the lava.

These lava were all up to his thighs.

They were hot but for Lin Xiu, it did not cause any damage.

Was this a test?

Lin Xiu continued walking as he thought about what this might be.

He walked slowly in the middle of the lava and it looked as if he was having difficulty walking.

Tianmen City was just steps away but no matter how hard Lin Xiu tried, it felt as if he could never reach the city. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

This caused Lin Xiu to feel a little annoyed.

He quickly shook his head and got rid of the annoyance.

There must be a reason why they had set this up.

Perhaps they were testing his patience? Or were they testing his resistance to these lava?

Lin Xiu had no idea.

But, no matter what, he believed that he would be able to pass them.

At the same time, Lin Xiu quickly activated his 'Cultivation Technique'.

As he continued walking, he decided to absorb the energy from the air around him.

The air here was filled with a thick amount of energy and it was much richer than everywhere else.

If he was able to cultivate here, it would definitely help with his progress.

After witnessing the warriors who were gods, Lin Xiu wanted to badly increase his abilities.

He continued walking without any hesitation.

"Five energy marks."

At the same time, somewhere in the Misty Forest, Luo Yue killed the last one of the warrior gods that tried to ambush her and finally gathered all 5 energy marks.

Then, her entire body was surrounded by a bright light and soon, she disappeared as well.

When she realized what was happening, she noticed that her surroundings had changed.

This was...

The Land of Ice and Snow!

The entire scene before her was covered in white.

There was a large amount of snow that fell from the sky.

"Congratulations on clearing the path in Misty Forest. You will be headed to Tianmen City's Ancient Ruins next."

At the same time, there was an emotionless voice that rang in the sky.

Right in front.

Luo Yue looked ahead and she couldn't see anyone.

In the distance, there was a huge city.

Luo Yue lifted her legs and tried walking towards the city.

There was snow everywhere and Luo Yue's body was soon covered with snow.

However, just as the snow was about to bury her, her body started shivering.

This caused the ice around her to crack.

As the thick layer of ice around her broke, Luo Yue continued walking forward filled with determination.

Then, the same thing happened again.

Just like that, Luo Yue continued breaking the ice around her body in order to move forward.

But, no matter how long she walked, it felt as if she was never going to reach her destination.

There was no one around her and it felt as if she was the only one.

The loneliness did feel horrible.

However, for Luo Yue, this was nothing.

Plus, she could clearly feel that her source energy had been suppressed by an unknown force.

It would be impossible for her to levitate and she could only walk on the ground.

She had to keep moving forward.

At the same time, Luo Yue decided to activate her cultivation technique as well and started absorbing the energy around her.

Two people who were at two different places did the same thing.

Lin Xiu was still walking forward and saw a huge figure standing before him.

An evolved beast.

It was a frog that was covered in gold.

There was a warrior god sitting on top of it.

"Tsktsk… well, I guess there are others here too."

When the man saw that it was Lin Xiu, he quickly called after him.

"You brat! I told you to stop!"

Seeing how Lin Xiu had not acknowledged him, the man frowned.

Lin Xiu still disregarded him and continued walking forward.

There was nothing that he wanted to say to this man.

Plus, it was obvious that this man had no good intentions.

"Hmph!"

Seeing how Lin Xiu had just walked past him without even batting an eyelash, the man looked furious.

Then, he patted his huge frog.

The eyes of the huge frog instantly turned bloody red.

Xiu –

The frog spat something out of his mouth and it was headed for Lin Xiu.

The next moment, its tongue was wrapped around Lin Xiu's body.

Die!!!

The man had a murderous intention in his eyes.

The tongue of the huge frog was trying its best to squeeze Lin Xiu's body.

It was trying to crush Lin Xiu's body.

Boom – –

Right at that moment, there was a soft groan and the frog's tongue broke apart.

As for Lin Xiu, he looked unharmed.

"Silence! I told you to shut up!"

With its tongue broken, the frog was in pain and it was jumping around like mad.

The man, who was riding on it almost, fell off the frog.

"I don't have time for you."