Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1386  How To Get There?

"You haven't met with something like this in the past?" Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Lin Xiu looked around and asked Zhang Xiuxian about it.

There were clearly eight exits standing before them.

All of them were arranged in a roll and there seems to be a bright light emitting from each of them.

No one would be able to know what was after these exits.

"No."

Zhang Xiuxian shook his head and he looked worried.

"Looks like it will be more difficult to get to the ancient ruins this time."

Zhang Xiuxian looked around and was still hesitant, not knowing which one to pick.

"The first one."

Lin Xiu turned to the first exit and walked into it without thinking much.

Zhang Xiuxian did hesitate a little but still decided to follow Lin Xiu.

As soon as they got inside, everything around them turned dark instantly.

There wasn't even a single beam of light inside the tunnel!

Crackling – –

Lin Xiu controlled it with his mind and there were flames that appeared beside his body.

With the red flames around him, the entire place got lit up.

"Huh? You specialise in using fire elements?"

Zhang Xiuxian asked in shock when he saw the flames around Lin Xiu.

"En."

Although most of the energy in his body has been suppressed, it wouldn't be a problem for him to release these flames.

As Lin Xiu lit up the room with his flames, he could clearly see that they were now standing in the middle of an ordinary tunnel.

It wasn't large but Lin Xiu felt that something was off.

There seems to be a faint energy movement around them.

However, when he took a closer look into it, there was nothing.

Without wasting any time, Lin Xiu decided to continue moving forward.

"This tunnel feels funny."

Zhang Xiuxian felt it as well as he muttered.

Due to what had happened earlier, he was now being more cautious.

Both men continued walking inside the tunnel.

Crack Crack – –

Suddenly, Lin Xiu could hear a weird noise around him.

It was a soft voice and if it wasn't because Lin Xiu was focused on it, he wouldn't have heard it either.

"There's a sound!"

Zhang Xiuxian noticed it as well.

Boom – –

Suddenly, something exploded in the walls around them.

There were a large number of white swirly things that came out of nowhere.

"What the?!"

Zhang Xiuxian was shocked to see what it was.

He quickly took a few steps backwards.

Lin Xiu, who was already prepared, managed to see that these were white worms that came crawling from the cracks on the wall!

They were white in colour and the size of a human arm. Their mouths were circular, filled with sharp teeth.

They looked horrifying.

Soon, these white worms moved towards Lin Xiu and Zhang Xiuxian.

They may look like normal worms but they were crawling at a terrifying speed.

"Hmph!"

Zhang Xiuxian came back to his senses and pulled out the machete from behind him, attacking the worms that were getting closer to them.

Lin Xiu did not stop as well with both his hands on the golden spear and attacking the worms.

Boom boom boom – –

As the tip of the golden spear pierced the white worms, they exploded almost immediately and there was a loud explosion that followed.

This released a large amount of green sticky fluid.

Both of them continued attacking and soon, most of the worms have been killed.

However, there was a weird smell that came from the green fluid that appeared after their bodies had blasted apart. Lin Xiu thought that they smelled horrible.

"These poison in this fluid."

Zhang Xiuxian felt that something was off and he had a horrible look on his face.

Crack crack – –

At the same time, they could feel that there was something coming from behind them.

It was obvious that there were more white worms coming at them.

A whole lot more!

"Run!"

Lin Xiu quickly dashed in the opposite direction.

These white worms did not cause any threat to them but the green sticky fluid that were released from their bodies contained poison.

If they continued staying here, they would end up in a bad state.

"Wait for me!"

Zhang Xiuxian quickly screamed as he saw Lin Xiu leaving.

Then, he ran in the same direction as Lin Xiu.

Boom – –

The entire tunnel started shaking vigorously.

Lin Xiu turned behind him as he ran and the scene that he saw caused his scalp to turn numb.

This was because there were limitless white worms that were chasing after them!

It was horrifying!

As they were inside the ancient ruins, their source energy has been suppressed by the rules set inside here.

Therefore, it would be better to save up on their source energy and running would be the safest option.

However, with the loud sound, it felt as if the tunnel was about to collapse.

"Damn it! We shouldn't have picked this tunnel!"

Zhang Xiuxian couldn't help but curse.

However, would the other tunnels really be better than this?

"Which one shall we choose?"

At the same time, Xiao Qingchen and Yuan Zheng stood in front of the eight exits before them and were in trouble.

Both of them were sent to the same city gate.

After entering the city, they had to dodge and run from lots of traps. They didn't think that there would be eight more tunnels waiting for them in the end.

They had no idea which one to choose.

There were also a dozen of them that were hesitant as well.

They stood right outside the exits, not knowing which one to go through.

They had a feeling that if they made the wrong choice, they would not be able to stand the consequences of it.

Suddenly, there was a figure in white that walked through the exit in the middle.

"There's someone that entered."

Xiao Qingchen turned around as well to see who it was.

It was a female warrior.

She carried a thin longsword on her back and her side profile was captivating. She looked elegant and cold.

"Lady! You may get into trouble if you go alone. Don't you want to wait for us?"

Some of the warriors cried out to her after seeing how she walked into the tunnels without any hesitation.

As they were all warrior gods, it wasn't a difficult thing to change their appearance.

However, a person's charisma was something that would never change.

Luo Yue had a cold, charming aura and it caught the attention of the warriors around her.

But, Luo Yue had ignored them without even batting an eyelash at them as she chose one of the exits.