Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1387  Doors

"I might have seen her before….."

Xiao Qingchen subconsciously spoke as he stared at Luo Yue.

"It's obvious that she's powerful but she wouldn't have been from Lingzhou. You got the wrong person."

Yuan Zheng thought about it for a moment before answering Xiao QIngchen.

"I remember now!"

Xiao Qingchen suddenly thought of something and looked as if he had understood why.

"She looks exactly like Lin Xiu when we first met him!"

Xiao Qingchen then noticed that Luo Yue was exactly like Lin Xiu. They eluded the same charisma.

He couldn't help but feel that this woman was exactly like Lin Xiu.

"Could it be that….she is Lin Xiu's wife?"

Xiao Qingchen muttered to himself.

"You are overthinking it."

Yuan Zheng turned speechless instead.

They had no idea where Lin Xiu was or which tunnel he chose.

However, with such strong survival skills, Lin Xiu wouldn't have died and it may even be possible that he may have found a treasure.

"We'll pick the one in the centre as well!"

Xiao Qingchen only hesitated for a moment before making his decision.

As he thought about Lin Xiu, who had already absorbed the Netherworld's Flame, Xiao Qingchen also wanted to work on himself.

If he doesn't do so, he will be left behind by Lin Xiu who used to be at the same level as him!

"Hey! Wait for me!"

Yuan Zheng quickly picked up his weapon and followed Xiao Qingchen.

The other warriors who were indecisive earlier also walked into the tunnel in the middle after seeing Xiao Qingchen and Yuan Zheng walking through it.

With these people taking the lead, even if there were some dangerous trap waiting for them, they wouldn't be the first one to get killed.

As Lin Xiu continued running, there was a bright light that appeared before his eyes.

The exit!

There's an exit in front of them!

Lin Xiu rushed out of it and soon felt his body falling.

F**k!

Lin Xiu's pupils shrunk. He quickly steadied himself and levitated in the air.

Zhang Xiuxian was falling as well but soon managed to steady himself in the air too.

Whoosh!

The white worms that were inside the tunnels came rushing out of it as well.

Lin Xiu looked downwards and noticed that there were countless sharp ends.

Boom boom boom – –

As the worms fell, they became skewers.

It looked incredibly disgusting.

"Oh my! This is it! We're here!"

Zhang Xiuxian, on the other hand, did not pay attention to the skewers and was shouting happily instead.

"What is it?"

Lin Xiu was curious as well.

Did this man come here the last time?

"Here! I've been here!"

Zhang Xiuxian nodded his head as he looked around.

He was looking incredibly excited.

Lin Xiu took a good look around and noticed that there were four metal walls around them. When they looked up, there was only a bright white light and it seemed impossible to know where the end was.

"The thing that I'm looking for is here as well!"

"What is it?"

Lin Xiu was starting to get curious.

What was it that this man needed his help to get?

"Come. Let's go up!"

Zhang Xiuxian could no longer contain his excitement as he flew upwards.

Lin Xiu didn't hesitate and followed him.

As they continued flying upwards, Lin Xiu noticed that there were doors that appeared on the walls.

There was also a question mark sign on the doors.

"There is a hidden treasure behind each door. As long as you pass the test, you will be rewarded."

Zhang Xiuxian introduced the place to Lin Xiu as they continued moving upwards.

"What have you gotten before?"

Lin Xiu asked out of curiosity.

"Well….nothing?"

Zhang Xiuxian shrugged his shoulders.

"Well, twenty years ago, I was a nobody."

"I entered one of these doors and there was the Fruit of Ice and Snow inside."

Since they could not fly, all of them fell to the ground.

Zhang Xiuxian suddenly stopped.

"Well, we're here."

He stared at the door as he stood in front of it.

Boom – –

Suddenly, there was a loud scream from above.

As they looked closely, there was a warrior that had been thrown out of the doors above them.

"Ahhhhh!"

The warrior screamed on top of his lungs.

His entire body was covered in flames.

He couldn't even use his levitation skills and he continued falling.

Soon, he fell to the ground and was pierced through by the sharp ends.

His eyes were wide open. This was not how he wanted to die.

The sharp ends on the ground were not made of metals but they were so sharp that it could directly pierce through the body of a warrior god.

"There are others that came here before us."

Zhang Xiuxian commented on it when he saw what happened.

"Well, you made it out alive."

Lin Xiu returned it with a simple comment.

When the warrior was thrown out of the door, Lin Xiu could feel the horrifying energy coming from inside.

According to what Zhang Xiuxian said, he wasn't a powerful warrior twenty years ago...

"There were lots of warriors in the same place as me and I was lucky to have gotten out of it alive."

Zhang Xiuxian shrugged his shoulders helplessly.

Then, his face turned solemn as he thought of something important.

"There should be five Fruits of Ice and Snow. I want all of them."

Zhang Xiuxian informed Lin Xiu about it.

"What about me?"

Lin Xiu had to make sure.

With how Zhang Xiuxian was saying it, there must be something else inside.

"But the Heart of Frost…. I can give it to you."

Heart of Frost?!

Lin Xiu's eyes widened when he heard the name.

It was without a doubt that this was one of the ingredients needed to rebuild his Dark Edge.

"What's wrong? Is that something you want?"

Zhang Xiuxian was good at reading people and he soon noticed the look on Lin Xiu's face.

"We each have what we want."

Lin Xiu did not answer his question directly.

"Alright. Let's head inside now."

"There is a huge ice dragon behind these doors and it is incredibly powerful." Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Just be prepared."

Zhang Xiuxian leaned against one of the doors as he took a deep breath.

He stretched his arm and pushed the door open!

Whoosh – –

As soon as the doors were opened, they could feel a strong, chilly wind coming at them.

It was bone-piercing cold.

Zhang Xiuxian and Lin Xiu instantly turned into popsicles as soon as they entered the place!!!!