Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1390  Getting The Ice Source 

Roar--

The body of the Frost Dragon was struggling crazily, but the number of cracks on its body was indeed increasing and there was no sign of reducing at all.

Boom——

In the next moment, its huge body fell down directly.

The whole body exploded in an instant.

In Lin Xiu's mind, there was also a system prompt experience gained.

"Finally killed."

Looking at this scene, Lin Xiu couldn't help but heave a sigh of relief.

It was indeed not an easy task to kill this frost dragon with suppressed source strength.

"Dead... dead?"

Looking at this scene, Zhang Xiuxian couldn't help being slightly stunned.

That incomparably powerful Frost Dragon died just like that.

Boom, boom, boom——

But at this moment, the entire space began to vibrate crazily again.

What happened!?

Feeling all this, the expressions of the two of them changed slightly. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

In a blink of an eye, they looked back and saw that the ice source seemed to be bursting with purple light.

The light was so dazzling that Lin Xiu's eyes narrowed slightly.

And at this moment, an extremely icy breath hits instantly.

The bodies of the two were instantly frozen into ice sculptures.

The body of the giant ice dragon that had just been shattered into countless pieces on the ground also began to slowly levitate at this moment.

It was quickly assembled at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Pata——

At the same time, with a crisp sound, the ice on Lin Xiu's body also burst.

Looking forward, the pupils in his eyes shrank slightly.

The frost dragon has obviously been killed.

But at this moment, it seemed as if he had come back to life again!

The origin of the ice, could it be because of the influence of that thing?

Click——

At the same time, Zhang Xiuxian also broke away from the ice sculpture.

"How can this be!"

He looked at the scene in front of him and his eyes were full of incomparable shock.

This giant frost dragon has been resurrected again!

And the wings that were just broken have completely recovered as if they had never been injured.

"The influence of the ice source."

Lin Xiu said lightly and at this time the golden spear in his hand was clenched tightly.

If the ice source is not taken away, the frost dragon can still be revived.

If Lin Xiu's source strength was not suppressed by the power of the rules here, even if he keeps resurrecting, he wouldn't care, it's just for gaining experience.

After all, after killing someone, he will gain experience.

But now, under the condition that the source strength is suppressed, the body's source strength is limited, once it is used up, it will be troublesome.

Besides, it's not long since he entered the ruins of Tianmen City.

Roar--

At this time, the giant frost dragon let out a huge roar and sprayed out an extremely terrifying icy air directly toward Lin Xiu!

But Lin Xiu, who had been prepared for a long time, had thought at this time and a strange force suddenly appeared, completely resisting the cold air.

How can this be?

Zhang Xiuxian, who had already dodged to the other side in advance, looked at the scene in front of him with surprise in his eyes.

That terrifying cold air, if he was there, would have been directly frozen into ice sculptures.

But at this time, Lin Xiu was obviously not affected.

At this time, Lin Xiu had already rushed over with the golden spear in his hand.

Bang bang bang——

When he leaped onto the body of the giant frost dragon, Lin Xiu frantically attacked his body with the spear in his hand and there were loud and incomparable noises immediately.

At this time, Lin Xiu didn't hide his strength anymore. The strength of his whole body burst out at this moment.

And looking closely, Lin Xiu's spear body was filled with dark blue flames.

Hellfire.

Although the Netherworld Flame is more terrifying, using the Netherworld Flame consumes more energy in one's body.

Now the hellfire has also become stronger, enough to deal with it.

Following the spear's tip, it continuously bombarded the body of the Frost Dragon, and its body was directly impacted so that a large number of cracks appeared.

Boom——

Following another extremely loud sound, the head of the Frost Dragon was directly blasted off.

That huge body was directly trampled off.

And at this moment, Lin Xiu's figure moved and he appeared directly at the ice source.

Take out the manufacturing guide directly from the expansion space.

He opened the Book of Reform with both hands, aimed at the ice source emitting purple light, and directly absorbed the ice source.

The ice source, ten thousand years of refined iron, and 1000 beast god-level odd crystals, Lin Xiu had already gathered them all.

All that was needed now was the Spirit Fire Energy Stone!

As long as you find this, his Dark Edge spear can be cast again.

After the Book of Reform absorbed the materials, the Frost Dragon couldn't be reborn.

"Your Frost Fruits."

At this time, Lin Xiu picked up the Frost Fruits and threw them directly at Zhang Xiuxian.

Zhang Xiuxian caught it, looking at the Frost Fruits in his hands, the expression in his eyes kept changing.

To be precise, in the battle just now, he didn't seem to be of any help.

The Frost dragon was killed by Lin Xiu alone.

"You don't want them?"

He hesitated for a moment, but still spoke to Lin Xiu.

"I've got what I need."

And that Frost Fruit has no effect on him.

Boom, boom, boom——

At this moment, the entire space began to vibrate.

Taking a closer look, there are a lot of cracks in the surrounding ice.

The space seems to be about to collapse!

"Go!"

When Lin Xiu saw this scene, the pupils in his eyes shrank slightly.

In the next moment, with a movement of his body, he ran directly to the door on the other side when he came in.

After Zhang Xiuxian put away the Frost Fruit, he left here without any hesitation.

Before the space completely collapsed, Lin Xiu rushed out.

As soon as he rushed out, the door closed.

Boom——

Both of them could vaguely hear a loud sound coming from behind the door.

The space inside, if nothing else, has completely collapsed

And at this time, this door also slowly disappeared at a speed visible to the naked eye.

"Hu."

Seeing this scene, Zhang Xiuxian couldn't help but heave a sigh of relief.

He subconsciously touched the Frost Fruit in his pocket and a look of joy appeared on his face.

Finally got the Frost Fruit.

"Don't you need to eat now?"

Lin Xiu looked at Zhang Xiuxian, smiled lightly and said.

"No need."

Zhang Xiuxian shook his head.

"This kind of Frost Fruit won't melt even if it is burned in an ordinary flame. I still want to visit other places."