Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1391  Lin Xiu's Aura

Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

After finally coming to this place, Zhang Xiuxian still wants to visit other places.

After all, if you eat it, you will have to find a place to cultivate later, otherwise, you won't be able to completely absorb the energy of the Frost Fruit.

"By the way, did you take out the ice source?"

Zhang Xiuxian seemed to have thought of something at this time and subconsciously said.

Because he looked carefully at this time, but didn't find that Lin Xiu had the ice source's power.

Could it be that it was left in the space inside?

"I've already taken it out."

Lin Xiu said lightly.

Now that it has been absorbed into the Book of Reform, of course, he can't feel the ice source power.

"Next, let's part ways, I don't want to trouble you anymore."

Zhang Xiuxian smiled wryly.

He was able to obtain these frost fruits because of Lin Xiu's strength.

When he killed the frost dragon, he felt that he didn't help much.

"OK."

Lin Xiu didn't refuse either.

What he wanted has already been obtained and next, he is no longer needed.

The fun comes from exploring and experiencing things consciously.

"By the way, you know, is there a Spirit Fire Energy Stone here?"

Just when Zhang Xiuxian was about to fly up, Lin Xiu seemed to think of something and subconsciously said.

"The Spirit Fire Energy Stone?"

When Zhang Xiuxian heard these four words, he frowned slightly.

After thinking about it carefully, he shook his head.

"I haven't heard of it."

"But listening to the name, it feels like it should be the same as the Root of Frost. It is a kind of opposite energy. It should be possible to be behind these doors."

"The higher you go, the more difficult the challenges inside the door are. You can try to find them here."

"But according to the rules, I came here 20 years ago, each person can only enter the door three times. No matter which door, after entering three times, they will be teleported to other places."

Zhang Xiuxian continued to speak.

"En."

Lin Xiu nodded slightly.

Looking up, there were not many doors above.

The door where the man was blasted out just now seemed to be bursting with flames. Could it be that door?

Thinking of this, Lin Xiu flew up into the sky with a thought.

Zhang Xiuxian watched Lin Xiu's movements but didn't say much.

With the strength that Lin Xiu showed just now, his strength is far more than that.

He raised his eyes to look at the door below and flew straight down.

There were two more chances and he wanted to get something more.

Even if he didn't get a treasure, it's already great to be able to obtain something.

At the same time, Luo Yue had already walked into one of the passages.

Different from the passage that Lin Xiu walked before, the passage she is walking now looks a bit weird.

But Luo Yue still walked slowly in this passage, not in a hurry.

Kala Kala——

Soon, the same strange sound suddenly sounded.

In the next moment, the surrounding walls exploded immediately and a large number of spikes pierced out from the wall of the passage in an instant.

Directly stabbing toward Luo Yue's body!

Bang bang bang——

But with crisp sounds, those spikes couldn't penetrate Luo Yue's body at all.

The moment these spikes touched Luo Yue, they were all frozen into icicles, they couldn't pierce through her.

Kala Kala——

In the next moment, they all shattered into countless pieces.

"Ah!!!"

Some god warriors at the back didn't seem to have expected that there would be so many dense spikes stabbing out of the wall suddenly and some warriors who hadn't had time to defend themselves were directly pierced through their entire bodies by those sharp spikes!

In an instant, blood splattered out.

"I rely on..."

Seeing the miserable condition of the two warriors in front of him, Xiao Qingchen couldn't help opening his eyes wide and there was also a hint of fear in his eyes.

He saw that there were many spikes around his body, but they were resisted by the 'Sphere' that he unfolded in time and he was relieved.

The force of these spikes was so great that some slightly weaker warriors were so shocked that they spit out blood even after they unfolded the 'Sphere'.

At this time, those spikes have begun to slowly shrink.

But as soon as these spikes shrunk, they struck with even more terrifying force.

Boom--

The surrounding 'Spheres' of the God warriors were all impacted to the point of loud noises.

"Let's go!"

Xiao Qingchen and Yuan Zhen looked at each other. At this time, both of them moved forward quickly.

But because the source strength was suppressed, the speed of the two of them wasn't very fast.

When the two of them rushed to the front side, they saw Luo Yue's figure over there.

Luo Yue's speed was not fast, but she seemed to be walking at a leisurely pace.

Those sharp spikes hit her body again, but just like before, they were instantly frozen into ice picks, then completely shattered.

Her white hair was fluttering, she looked mysterious

"This woman is quite powerful."

Xiao Qingchen looked at this scene with eyes full of surprise.

"Move."

Yuan Zhen spoke at this time.

Although the two were shocked by Luo Yue's strength, they ran over quickly at this time.

He rushed directly from Luo Yue's side to the front.

Hm?

Luo Yue, who was walking, saw the two running forward, but she didn't think much of it.

However, with her strong perception, she seems to sense that these two people had...

"Lin Xiu's source strength..."

The pupils in Luo Yue's eyes shrank slightly.

Obviously, these two people stayed with Lin Xiu or fought with Lin Xiu.

There was still a remnant of the source strength released by Lin Xiu on their bodies.

Originally standing still in place, Luo Yue suddenly moved and rushed to the front in an instant.

Just as she was catching up, she saw the figures of Xiao Qingchen and Yuan Zhen from a distance and they fell straight down!

Under their feet, a pit appeared!

When Luo Yue ran over, the pit disappeared in an instant and the entire ground seemed to have never had any potholes.

This miraculous scene also surprised Luo Yue.

She subconsciously stepped on it a few times, but nothing happened to the ground under her feet.

Luo Yue frowned slightly, looked towards the front and suddenly discovered that there were underground passages in the front.

This underground passage has a closed door that looks like a manhole cover.

Rows of such doors were visible ahead.

At this time, Luo Yue's thoughts were triggered, her body was suspended in the air and she flew directly to the front.

The underground round doors all have the same shape, but Luo Yue doesn't know where they led to.

After a little hesitation, she continued to fly forward.

Putting that aside for now, let's see if there is an end here.