Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1392  Spirit Fire Energy Stone?

At this time, as Luo Yue kept flying towards the front, it didn't take long to find that it reached the end.

There was a faint white energy film blocking it at the end.

Luo Yue subconsciously stretched out her hand to touch it, but a powerful force instantly shook her hand away.

"I can't get through."

Luo Yue frowned slightly.

She clearly felt that this force was very powerful. Even if the source strength of her body wasn't suppressed by the rules of this space, she couldn't break through it.

Looking at the circular 'doors' under her feet, Luo Yue hesitated for a moment, then slowly lowered her body.

As the body fell, as soon as it touched the 'door', the whole person fell down in an instant.

At the same time, Lin Xiu, who was on the other side, had already started to fly upwards slowly.

Flying to the door where the warrior was blasted out just now, without hesitation, Lin Xiu directly approached.

As Lin Xiu approached, the door opened automatically the next moment.

The whole person was instantly sucked in!

Hm!?

Feeling all this, Lin Xiu's expression changed slightly.

Soon, Lin Xiu found himself in a tunnel full of terrifying magma.

Looking forward, he saw that there were flames all over the inside.

Stepping on the terrifying magma, Lin Xiu's body didn't feel anything.

And his shoes were not melted.

It's just that he could feel the heat.

Of course, this burning sensation was nothing to Lin Xiu.

Holding the golden spear in his hand, he continued to walk forward. After walking out of the magma passage, Lin Xiu suddenly found that he was already in a space full of flames!

The temperature of these flames was extremely high, completely comparable to the hellfire.

"Interesting."

An ordinary God warrior would not be able to bear just facing the flames, let alone looking for treasures in them.

At this time, Lin Xiu looked around and suddenly found that in the middle of that place, there was a stone full of dark red energy.

This is the Spirit Fire Energy Stone?

When Lin Xiu saw this scene, the pupils in his eyes couldn't help shrinking.

At this time, with a thought and a flash of a figure, he rushed over there directly.

But at this moment, Lin Xiu felt an extremely strong force hit his body.

Boom——

Before he could touch that rock, his entire body was blown away by the impact.

He fell heavily into the sea of flames over there.

Poof——

In the next moment, a mouthful of blood spat out from Lin Xiu's mouth.

Lin Xiu turned over and stood up and he clearly saw a figure appearing in front of that stone.

"Hehe, when did such a weak existence deserve this come to this level?"

A sinister voice resounded.

Lin Xiu wiped the blood from his mouth and carefully scrutinized the figure that suddenly appeared.

This was a tall man, but his body looked a little thin.

He was wearing a dark red robe, which even the flames could not burn off.

There were many scars on his cheeks and there were also handcuffs on the wrists of his hands.

A person who looked very weird.

"Do I need to kill you to get that thing?"

At this time, Lin Xiu narrowed his eyes slightly and said lightly.

"Hey hey hey."

The man showed a sneer and without Lin Xiu's words in the regular meeting, he waved his right hand and the terrifying flames around him instantly flew up, forming huge balls of flame and charged toward Lin Xiu!

Looking at this scene, Lin Xiu didn't seem to panic at all.

Let those terrifying flame balls charge toward his body.

Boom, boom, boom——

As soon as those flame balls hit Lin Xiu's body, they immediately seemed to explode, making extremely loud noises.

"Die."

The man smiled sinisterly as if he could foresee Lin Xiu being bombarded by those flame balls.

Although the flames did not have any effect on Lin Xiu, those flame balls would explode.

No one would have expected it.

But soon, the expression in his eyes changed slightly.

Because Lin Xiu was still standing in front of him and he didn't seem to have suffered any injuries.

"Just this little strength?"

Lin Xiu said lightly.

Just now, Lin Xiu didn't expect that someone would act as a guard in this space. He thought he was going to face an evolved beast again.

At this moment, Lin Xiuzhi held the golden spear in his hand and as soon as he moved, he took the lead in attacking this man!

Whoosh whoosh——

The moment the spear in his hand stabbed out, there were hundreds of spear shadows!

'Torrential storm of rose flowers'!

When the man saw this scene, a sneer appeared on the corner of his mouth.

He did not dodge at all.

Because in front of his body, a flame shield suddenly condensed.

All of Lin Xiu's attacks were blocked!

"interesting."

Looking at this scene, Lin Xiu suddenly became interested and the spear in his hand burst out with faint blue flames.

Netherworld flame!

Following Lin Xiu's attack, this spaer directly penetrated his flame shield and stabbed at his shoulder!

Although there was no way for the spear point to completely penetrate his shoulder, the Netherworld flame penetrated directly into his flesh following this stab.

"ah!!!"

Following the sound of howling and screaming, the man erupted with an extremely strong force and directly sent Lin Xiu flying.

Lin Xiu, who was thrown out by the shock, quickly stabilized his figure.

Looking up, he saw that the man's face had become extremely nasty.

It hurts, it hurts too much.

He looked at the not-so-serious wound on his shoulder, but it brought him pain as if his soul was being burned.

"The Netherworld Flame, you actually absorbed the Netherworld flame..."

He stared at Lin Xiu over there, his eyes full of disbelief.

"But even so, you still have to die here!"

With a roar, the surrounding ground began to vibrate. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

The surrounding flames also began to sweep up at this time.

Upon closer inspection, it became clear that a huge trench had been broken open on the ground ahead.

Soon, a huge black scythe emerged.

This is, his weapon?

Lin Xiu was a little surprised when he saw this scene.

It seemed that this was the first time he had seen someone use a scythe as a weapon.

Especially this exaggerated scythe, it looks like it was used by the god of death.

The man held the huge black scythe floating over, with an extremely ferocious expression on his face.

"I want you to die!!!"