Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1394  Mistake

Lin Xiu suppressed the excitement in his heart at this time.

Holding the Book of Reform, he pressed it against the stone.

At this moment, a bright light burst out from the Book of Reform.

Are you going to absorb it?!

Under Lin Xiu's extremely expectant eyes, a powerful force suddenly burst out.

boom--

Lin Xiu's body was sent flying out of the impact.

He hit the ground behind heavily.

"Damn it..."

Lin Xiu rubbed his painful body, his eyes filled with disbelief.

It seemed that there was no way for his Book of Reform to absorb that thing?

This was impossible. The ice source just now was also absorbed by me in this way.

Unless this thing is not the Spirit Fire Energy Stone.

At this moment, Lin Xiu looked at the Book of Reform just fell in front of the dark red stone.

"It was a mistake."

Lin Xiu has made a decision at this time. This stone is not the Spirit Fire Energy Stone.

Rubbing the center of his brows helplessly, Lin Xiu walked over there directly.

Then he put the Book of Reform into his expansion space.

Looking at the dark red stone, Lin Xiu hesitated for a moment, then picked it up.

As soon as he picked it up, Lin Xiu could clearly feel an incomparable burning sensation.

It's so hot!

The right hand holding the dark red stone emitted white smoke.

This thing was scalding so hot that it seemed that the skin on Lin Xiu's palm was scorched black.

With a thought, Lin Xiu directly threw this thing into his expansion space.

Anyway, apart from some odd crystals, there is nothing else in the expansion space.

"Let's go."

After looking around again, it seemed that there was really nothing worth taking, so Lin Xiu walked towards the door.

Boom, boom, boom——

At the same time, the space here began to shake again.

With the shaking of the space, a large number of cracks began to appear rapidly on the surrounding ground.

It seems that it is about to collapse!

Leave!

Lin Xiu's mind was triggered and in the next moment, his body rushed out!

boom--

In an instant, he rushed out the door.

As soon as he rushed out of the door, the door was closed tightly.

Boom——

A huge explosion sounded.

The whole space seemed to vibrate.

This door also quickly disappeared.

"Pity."

Lin Xiu was a little lost.

If the stone just now was the Spirit Fire Energy Stone, the new Dark Edge spear should be able to be manufactured successfully.

Although this weapon is not bad, relatively speaking, Lin Xiu still likes the Dark Edge spear.

He raised his eyes and looked up. There was the last door.

Forget it, go up and have a look.

According to Zhang Xiuxian, the higher the door is, the more difficult the challenge will be.

But correspondingly, the things you get are better.

But before that, Lin Xiu was going to restore his strength first.

Lin Xiu's body was suspended in the air and he directly started his cultivation technique, quickly absorbing the source energy in the surrounding air.

At this time, more and more warriors began to slowly appear around.

These warriors all began to try to enter the door.

But most of them were at the lower doors and very few people flew up.

Lin Xiu looked at the door at the top. At this moment, he felt that the source strength of his whole body had recovered and he flew up directly.

The door at the top was different from ordinary doors.

This door was black and it seemed to be bigger than the doors below.

"Courting death."

Some of the God warriors whose bodies were suspended below looked at Lin Xiu's movements and immediately sneered.

"The higher the door, the better the reward, but the higher the danger inside."

"Without the presence of 15 God warriors, one probably won't be able to take that door down."

The surrounding God warriors all showed surprise in their eyes when they heard his words.

"So that's how it is..."

"Have you been here before?"

These warriors looked at him.

This God warrior felt the eyes of the warriors around him focus on him and immediately said triumphantly, "Of course, I have been here twenty years ago!"

"Amazing!"

"Then what treasure did you get?"

Originally, he was quite pleased with the compliments of these god warriors, but the words of one of the god warriors suddenly made his face become awkward.

"Ahem, it's hard to say what kind of treasure I got..."

At this time, Lin Xiu had already walked into the top door.

As soon as he walked in, the door was closed tightly.

Kacha——

And with a crisp sound, Lin Xiu clearly felt that the door seemed to be locked automatically?

Because the doors below, if you can't challenge them, you could get out.

But this door doesn't seem to work!

"Interesting."

At this moment, Lin Xiu narrowed his eyes slightly and there was curiosity in his eyes.

What's in here?

What he sees now is pitch black.

After entering the door, it seems that there is still a very long passage to go.

Just as Lin Xiu walked in, a gust of wind blew in and lit candles appeared above the surrounding walls.

As the candles lit up, everything around them became brighter.

The walls around him seemed to have been constructed not from ordinary bricks, but from metallic panels like the ones he encountered earlier

The whole space seemed to be filled with a sense of mystery.

His eyes continued to look ahead, but he still couldn't see the end clearly in the distance.

"Interesting."

Lin Xiu was an adventurous person and when he saw this scene, the corners of his mouth couldn't help but curl up.

It seems that things are becoming more and more interesting.

Who knows what is waiting for him inside this place?

At this moment, another breeze blew.

It's just that this breeze is different from the breeze at the beginning.

The breeze made Lin Xiu feel a tingling sensation on his cheek.

Hm?

Lin Xiu frowned.

Whoosh whoosh——

But then, the sound of piercing through the air continued, causing the pupils in Lin Xiu's eyes to shrink slightly.

Wind Blades! ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

From the depths inside, terrifying wind blades came from one after another!

These wind blades can't be seen clearly at all, so he could only rely on his own instincts to dodge.

Lin Xiu kept twisting as he moved forward.

Relying on his ears and his powerful perception ability, he kept resisting them.

However, accidentally, Lin Xiu still felt a tingling sensation on his cheek.

After being scraped across the cheek by the wind blade, a smear of blood immediately flowed out.

It could even scratch my cheek?

After being scraped across the cheek by the wind blade, a smear of blood immediately flowed out.

It could even scratch my cheek?

Lin Xiu became more and more surprised.

The power of these wind blades was very extraordinary!

Whoosh whoosh——

And as Lin Xiu continued to move forward, there were more and more of these wind blades!

There was no chance to dodge!