Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1395  God King Tianyuan

Lin Xiu frowned slightly and originally wanted to use the 'Sphere' to resist, but after thinking about it for a while, Lin Xiu gave up this idea.

With the extremely dense impact of those wind blades, Lin Xiu had no way to dodge.

Bang bang bang——

The wind blades hit Lin Xiu's body, causing Lin Xiu's body to hurt.

His body had a few scrapes caused by the wind blades.

But soon, Lin Xiu's powerful self-healing ability quickly repaired these scars.

At this time, Lin Xiu was directly confronting these wind blades.

Soon, he reached the front.

At this moment, those wind blades seemed to disappear in an instant and instead, the sound of 'crackling' came over.

Listening to this sound, it seems to be...

Just as Lin Xiu was thinking, a terrifying thunderbolt hit Lin Xiu's body!

"Hm?"

Lin Xiu frowned. The lightning impacted his body, of course, it was painful.

But for him, it's still within a tolerable range.

Crackling——

At this time, as Lin Xiu continued to walk forward, more and more lightning power continuously surged past him

The whole area instantly turned into a space filled with lightning.

If it was an ordinary warrior, it would definitely be extremely uncomfortable.

But for Lin Xiu, it didn't have much impact.

Because Lin Xiu already has a strong resistance to electric current.

After enduring the impact of the wind blade just now, the lightning power quickly dissipated, and what followed was a space filled with flames.

After the flames, it was the energy of various attributes such as frost, which washed Lin Xiu down.

"What the hell is this?"

Although these attribute energies were very powerful, Lin Xiu's current physical strength was really too strong.

Already able to completely withstand the impact of these forces.

And they didn't cause too much damage to him.

At this time, as Lin Xiu continued to walk forward, he could clearly see a faint orange light appearing in front of him.

It seems that we have reached the exit of this passage.

It was finally over.

As Lin Xiu walked out, he could clearly see an extremely spacious space.

There were many candles burning around, reflecting some orange light.

The whole space looked a bit dim.

This space was oval in shape, quite large and there was a huge statue of a person in the middle.

This statue looked like a God warrior holding various weapons.

Lin Xiu looked around here, but he still didn't find any treasure.

"Could it be that the secret is inside this statue?"

With doubts, Lin Xiu subconsciously touched the statue.

But just when Lin Xiu's hand touched the statue, he suddenly felt that the source strength of his body seemed to be absorbed.

Feeling all this, Lin Xiu's pupils shrank involuntarily.

With a sudden force on his body, he withdrew his hand back.

Boom, boom, boom——

At this moment, the entire ground began to tremble slightly.

What is happening?

There was a hint of surprise in Lin Xiu's eyes.

Taking a closer look, the huge statue began to bloom with dazzling white light.

Lin Xiu narrowed his eyes slightly.

"Who woke me up."

Soon, a deep voice echoed in this space.

Taking a closer look, there was actually a phantom of a figure exactly like this statue appearing on the statue!

It was like the soul of this statue!

At this time, his eyes looked at Lin Xiu below.

Lin Xiu clearly felt a strong sense of pressure.

This person... seems to be a god king?

"Huh? Lowly ant, did you wake this king up?"

"What a lucky one."

He stared at Lin Xiu and said slowly.

His voice was weird as if it echoed directly in Lin Xiu's mind.

"Who are you?"

Lin Xiu narrowed his eyes slightly, without any expression of fear on his face, looked at his huge phantom, and said lightly.

"Who am I?"

"Hahahahaha."

This huge phantom seemed to have heard some of the funniest jokes in the world at this moment.

"I am the God King Tianyuan!"

Eight hundred years ago, I cultivated and comprehended the path to enlightenment here. What I have left behind now is a trace of my soul, waiting for someone with fate to come and accept my inheritance, to obtain my supreme and invincible power!"

He said with full confidence, his words filled with a domineering tone.

"Boy, do you want to accept my inheritance?"

He stared at Lin Xiu and continued to speak.

Inheritance?

Lin Xiu frowned. Although he could feel that this person should really be a god king, he still felt that something was wrong.

"Inheritance, it belongs to the worthy!!!"

At this moment, a voice came from behind.

When Lin Xiu turned around, he could clearly see a figure rushing in.

There are other warriors?

Lin Xiu was taken aback. When he just came in, he didn't expect that there would be other warriors coming in here.

This was an extremely tall warrior, holding an extremely slender saber in both hands, and he looks He looked up at the huge phantom in the sky and said loudly.

The huge phantom of the god king stared at Ma Yun and there was a flash of surprise in his eyes.

very powerful.

Under the inspection of the analytic eye, it was discovered that this person was named Ma Yun and his physique was even higher than his own.

"I never thought that someone would come here before me."

At this time, Ma Yun looked at Lin Xiu who was opposite him and suddenly sneered.

Along the way, he has been baptized by many attribute powers and endured so much pain, only to find that someone arrived before him!

He didn't expect this.

But fortunately, the inheritance of the god king has not been robbed yet.

Now, he has arrived in time.

"Master God King, I want your inheritance."

He looked up at the huge phantom in the sky and said loudly.

The huge phantom of the god king stared at Ma Yun and there was a flash of surprise in his eyes.

"The inheritance belongs to the worthy, and your power is stronger than his."

At this moment, the voice of the so-called God King Tianyuan came again.

When Ma Yun heard his words, he was delighted.

Then he stared at Lin Xiu: "Heard that? Inheritance, it is for the worthy. Your strength is weaker than mine."

Ma Yun said confidently. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Although he considers himself a powerful warrior, he is still far behind the god king.

As long as he can obtain the inheritance of the god king, then he has a chance to become the god king too!

Thinking of this, there was an incomparably fiery look in his eyes.

"Whatever, I don't want it."

Lin Xiu spread his hands.

His powerful intuition made him vaguely feel that this so-called inheritance of the god king is not a good thing.