Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1396  Inheritance and Winning

"Hope you really think so."

Ma Yun sneered at this moment, and the next moment, his body directly approached the statue.

"Touch the statue, don't resist, my inheritance will be passed on to you directly."

At this moment, the huge phantom of the God King Tianyuan continued to speak.

Ma Yun looked at Lin Xiu warily and slowly stretched out his hand.

As he put his hand on the statue, the huge phantom of the god king began to slowly gather in the statue.

Then, through the arm that Ma Yun touched with the statue, a large amount of energy rushed toward his body!

At this time, Ma Yun appeared ecstatic.

He could clearly feel that power, like water from a vast ocean pouring into a dry place.

The strength of his body seemed to be surging crazily.

Lin Xiu watched this scene not far away and his eyes suddenly narrowed.

Very powerful.

Is this the power of the God King?

The golden spear in his hand clenched tightly at this moment.

At this time, Ma Yun seemed to feel something, and suddenly a black mark of the source mark appeared on his forehead.

Spatial source mark!?

Before Lin Xiu could make a move, his source mark power was activated.

Immediately, streaks of golden light rose from Lin Xiu's feet.

Soon, a golden prison was formed, besieging Lin Xiu in it.

"Sorry, I want to absorb this inheritance power, but I can't let you make trouble."

Ma Yun said in a cold voice at this time.

"Considering that you didn't fight with me to inherit the legacy, once I absorb the power of the inheritance and become a god king, I can appoint you as my Noble God."

While talking, Ma Yun showed a smug look on his face.

This time, the ruins of Tianmen City, for him, was simply a big profit.

This is, the inheritance of the God King!

"ah!!!"

But his arrogance didn't last long. In the next moment, he seemed to feel a sharp pain in his head, and he couldn't help but yell out.

The sharp pain was so intense that it seemed to squeeze his head out.

"God King...it hurts..."

"The feeling of tearing the soul, of course, it will hurt."

In his mind, there was a strange sound.

"What do you mean!!!"

Ma Yun covered his head with his hands and then roared loudly.

Seeing this scene, Lin Xiu frowned. Although he didn't know what was going on with Ma Yun, Lin Xiu already felt something was wrong.

Could it be that this guy was robbed by the so-called God King Tianyuan?

Lin Xiu felt that it was very possible.

At this moment, Lin Xiu frowned slightly as he saw the prison-like surrounding golden energy surrounding him.

The golden spear in his hand directly attacked these golden energies.

Bang bang bang——

Following Lin Xiu's crazy attack, there was still no way to break through the prison formed by the golden energy.

This space power seems to be a bit strong.

"Ah!!! Get out of here, get out of my body!!!"

At this time, Ma Yun continued to howl.

The severe pain caused him to hug his head and roll on the ground, howling continuously.

The pain where the soul is torn is tens of thousands of times more painful than the pain in the body.

"Do you really think that I will pass on my life's strength to you, trash?"

The words of the God King Tianyuan came out again at this time.

"I've taken over your body!"

As his words echoed in Ma Yun's heart again, the pupils in his eyes shrank and lost their luster in an instant.

His soul has been directly torn away.

Soon, his eyes slowly began to look bright again, but this look looked different from before.

It's like changing someone's eyes.

Kala Kala——

At this time, 'Ma Yun' stood up slowly, and there were crisp sounds coming from his body.

The whole body seems to be slowly becoming stronger.

"ah!!!"

At this time, he seemed to be extremely excited, and suddenly let out a huge roar.

At this moment, the entire space vibrated crazily because of his roar.

At this time, Lin Xiu was also shaken by the sound so that his head hurt.

"Old thief, I've been suppressed here for so long, and I've finally come out!!!"

'Ma Yun' roared loudly at this time as if he was venting something.

After a while, after he came back to his senses, he looked toward Lin Xiu.

"Hahaha, boy, you are so lucky, otherwise, what I took away just now would be your physical body."

It really was a case of body possession.

Sure enough, it was exactly what Lin Xiu guessed.

The current Ma Yun is no longer Ma Yun, but the God King Tianyuan.

It's just that this God King Tianyuan still possesses the mighty power of a God King?

And if he does, Lin Xiu should be able to get a lot of experience by beheading him.

Thinking of this, not only did Lin Xiu's eyes not show any fear, but he became excited at this moment.

Seeing Lin Xiu's expression, the God King Tianyuan frowned.

He seemed a little confused, why at this time, Lin Xiu still seemed not afraid of him at all.

Could it be that he was scared out of his wits?

"Bye now."

The God King Tianyuan showed a sneer. In the next moment, the prison formed by the golden energy was rapidly shrinking, as if he wanted to squeeze Lin Xiu to death.

Boom——

Just as it shrank to the point where Lin Xiu was squeezed out of shape, there was an extremely loud explosion sound.

"Hng."

The God King of Tianyuan snorted coldly. When he thought that Lin Xiu would definitely die, he found that Lin Xiu's figure was still standing there, with no physical injuries at all!

This is impossible!

The pupils in his eyes shrank slightly.

He clearly felt that Lin Xiu's strength was not as good as this Ma Yun, but how did he resist it?

"Interesting."

At this time, the God King Tianyuan showed a strange smile and pulled out the sword with his right hand.

"Since it's been too long since I last killed someone, I'll use you as my first victim!"

As soon as he finished speaking, his figure flickered, and he disappeared in place in an instant!

So fast!

Seeing this scene, Lin Xiu's pupils shrank slightly. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

At the next moment, a cold light flashed in front of Lin Xiu's eyes.

Dang--

Lin Xiu reacted quickly and blocked it with the spear in his hand.

After the God King Tianyuan missed his first strike, continued to brandish his battle sword and wildly charged toward Lin Xiu for a close-range attack.

The spear, being a long weapon, is not ideal for close-range combat like this.

Dangdangdang——

His attacks were very fast, but Lin Xiu also blocked them very quickly with his long spear.

Despite the consecutive attacks, there was still no way to cause any damage to Lin Xiu!