Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1397  Battling the God King

The strength of the God King Tianyuan was a bit strong!

Although Lin Xiu seemed to have resisted all the attacks, he felt a sharp pain in the hands holding the spear.

This person's strength was really very strong.

"Die!!!"

He watched his continuous attacks being blocked by Lin Xiu. At this moment, he let out a roar.

At this moment, the sword in his hand burst into dazzling light.

An incomparably powerful force suddenly burst out!

The pupils in Lin Xiu's eyes also shrank slightly.

boom--

In the next moment, following his slash, Lin Xiu's body was cut in half instantly!

However, there was no smile on the face of God King Tianyuan and his eyes suddenly turned to the back.

After taking a closer look, he could clearly see Lin Xiu's figure appearing in the air behind him.

'Mirror Image'!

At this time, Lin Xiu's body was suspended in the air and the golden spear in his hands immediately danced.

Boom, boom, boom——

A series of flaming birds made up of hellfire burst out in an instant and charged toward the God King Tianyuan.

"Small tricks!"

With a roar, terrifying energy erupted from his body, directly blocking those flaming birds in front.

It made it impossible for the flaming birds to hit his body.

At this moment, the God King Tianyuan, who had seized Ma Yun's body, stretched out his right hand.

Boom, boom, boom——

From the passage on the other side when they came in, there was an extremely loud and incomparably loud sound.

What is happening!?

When Lin Xiu saw this scene, the expression in his eyes changed slightly.

Soon, Lin Xiu could clearly see that there were various attribute energies rushing in from the channel over there!

Wind attributes, ice attributes, fire attributes, and electricity attributes all converged toward his body!

Lin Xiu activated the Analytic Eye.

Under the inspection of the analytic eye, it was obvious that this person's various attributes were constantly improving crazily and his combat effectiveness was also constantly improving.

Lin Xiu's face also became ugly at this time, because the source strength was suppressed and now there was no way to use powerful skills.

Once used, it will be troublesome when the source strength was exhausted.

Damn it!

Lin Xiu cursed secretly in his heart and at the next moment, he clenched the golden spear in his hand and charged directly!

The tip of the long spear stabbed directly at the head of God King Tianyuan.

boom--

But at this moment, it seemed that an invisible force blocked his forehead.

No matter how hard Lin Xiu tried, he couldn't move the spear.

"With your little strength... Get lost!!!"

The God King Tianyuan roared loudly while absorbing the power from that side.

As he roared out, a powerful impact immediately knocked Lin Xiu out.

boom--

In the next moment, Lin Xiu's body also hit the ground not far away.

There was even a depression in the ground.

At this moment, Lin Xiu felt a sweetness in his throat and spat out a mouthful of blood.

Quickly got up, looked forward, and found that the God King Tianyuan had absorbed all the attribute powers that had just been in the channel.

"Hahaha!!!"

At this time, he laughed out loud and seemed to be very excited.

He has been trapped for so long and he can finally come out!

After the size, he looked at Lin Xiu in front of him.

A contemptuous smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.

With a wave of his right hand, wind blades rushed towards Lin Xiu!

Lin Xiu clearly sensed something, moved his body, and quickly dodged.

On the ground where Lin Xiu was just now, deep dents appeared in an instant.

They were all formed by the direct impact of those wind blades.

"Want to hide?" Seeing Lin Xiu's movements, the God King Tianyuan suddenly showed a sneer.

Following Lin Xiu's finger, a terrifying thunderbolt rushed toward Lin Xiu!

"Hng!"

Lin Xiu snorted coldly. At this time, he didn't confront the enemy head-on. He could only use body skills to dodge.

The God King Tianyuan absorbed the attribute power just now as if the strength of his body had become particularly sufficient.

Kala Kala——

While Lin Xiu dodged, the surrounding ground seemed to be covered with layers of frost.

Ice attribute power!

The moment Lin Xiu dodged to the other side, those ice-attributed forces instantly impacted Lin Xiu's body.

Lin Xiu's body was immediately frozen.

Pata——

But just as Lin Xiu's body was frozen, there was a crisp sound the next moment.

Those ice cubes broke directly and with the shock of Lin Xiu's body, they all flew away.

"I just walked in through this passage, have you forgotten?"

Lin Xiu said lightly.

Would those who can pass the baptism of those attribute powers still be afraid of these attribute powers?

The God King Tianyuan was stunned when he heard Lin Xiu's words.

He seemed to come to his senses now.

At this time, he held the saber in his hand as if he was becoming angry from embarrassment and slashed at Lin Xiu in the air!

Whoosh—

As he slashed out with the saber, the entire saber immediately transformed into a huge saber-shaped phantom.

Directly charged toward Lin Xiu!

When the blade shadow of this saber was about to hit Lin Xiu's body, Lin Xiu had already unfolded the 'Sphere'!

Boom—— ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

The terrifying power of this saber was completely blocked by Lin Xiu's 'Sphere'.

Lin Xiu originally didn't want to unfold the 'Sphere', but at this time, there was no other way.

At this time, although his 'Sphere' resisted his attack, the source strength in his body was also consumed a lot.

It can't be delayed any longer!

At this time, Lin Xiu's eyes changed. Holding the golden spear in his hand, his figure flashed and disappeared directly in place.

The God King Tianyuan seemed to sense something and subconsciously blocked himself with the saber in his hand.

Dang--

The tip of the golden spear hit his saber the next moment.

"Just this little strength?"

The God King Tianyuan sneered.

As soon as he finished speaking, terrifying lightning burst out from his whole body, which was transmitted directly through the saber to Lin Xiu's weapon, then to Lin Xiu's whole body!

The electric current was so terrifying that it seems to have scorched the air.

Go to hell!

The God King of Tianyuan smiled grimly.

But then, his face became ugly.

Because although Lin Xiu's body was surrounded by the terrifying lightning, it didn't seem to have any influence on Lin Xiu at all.

And at this moment, Lin Xiu started to fight back with the golden spear in his hand!

"Scram!"

He looked at Lin Xiu's movements and said angrily.

This ant dared to attack him, the God King Tianyuan!