Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1403  Luo Yue, We Meet Again! 

"Do you think you are the only one who can use lightning?"

Lin Xiu sneered and source marks appeared on his forehead instantly.

And there were three of them!

Multiple source mark technique!

After Lin Xiu's comprehension, he was able to use three different source mark powers at the same time.

Terrorizing electric currents, and scorching flames accompanied by wind attribute powers, Lin Xiu swung his golden spear and charged toward Ma Teng with full force!

This is impossible!

Seeing this scene, Ma Teng's face changed drastically.

But the next moment, the strength of the two collided together!

The electric current released by his source mark power did not cause any harm to Lin Xiu at all.

On the contrary, it was Lin Xiu's terrifying flames and powerful wind blades that erupted from the power of the source mark, which directly shocked his body.

boom--

Ma Teng's tall body slammed into the ground not far away.

His skin was scorched black because of the flames and there were many cracks on his body due to the impact of the wind blade.

Blood flowed out from those cracks.

"So powerful..."

Watching this scene, some god warriors couldn't help being secretly startled.

"ah!!!"

Ma Teng quickly got up and let out a loud roar.

A golden light appeared on his whole body.

Lin Xiu, who was about to rush over to give him a fatal blow, suddenly had a change of expression.

What's this?

Because of the appearance of those golden energies, Lin Xiu's body was shaken back.

Soon, a large number of golden tattoos appeared on his body.

"I want you to die, I want you to die..."

Ma Teng looked at Lin Xiu with both eyes and kept mumbling to himself.

Boom, boom, boom——

The surrounding ground and even the entire space seemed to start to vibrate at this moment.

"God King, the power of the God King is here!"

At this moment, some warrior gods seemed to have thought of something and suddenly shouted in shock.

Soon, Lin Xiu was able to clearly see that Ma Teng had a huge phantom of a god king!

With the appearance of this huge phantom of the god king, Lin Xiu also immediately felt a strong sense of oppression.

"Whoever dared to make a move against my son!"

The god king scanned his surroundings with his eyes, which immediately made the surrounding warriors tremble.

Lin Xiu also endured a lot of pressure, his throat was sweet and blood flowed from the corner of his mouth.

The blood hole that was pierced through on the shoulder had started to coagulate, but at this moment, it began to burst again.

"It's you?"

The god king looked at Lin Xiu.

"God king?"

At this moment, Lin Xiu ignored the blood flowing from the corner of his mouth and the strength of his body burst out immediately.

'Heavenly Array' and 'Fury' were activated at this moment!

The whole body suddenly burst out with even more powerful and incomparable power!

Boom——

Lin Xiu's powerful aura collided with the power of the God King.

Immediately, there was a strong gust of wind around.

"Hng!"

The huge phantom of the god king gathered on Ma Teng's body in an instant.

Ma Teng's overall strength increased rapidly at a speed visible to the naked eye.

"kill!"

At this moment, Ma Teng let out a roar and directly rushed toward Lin Xiu!

Whoosh—

In a short moment, he rushed to Lin Xiu.

The spear slashed across, leaving a bloodstain directly on Lin Xiu's neck.

Fortunately, Lin Xiu reacted quickly enough or his whole head would probably fall to the ground.

"This kid is done for, even the power of the God King of the Ma Family has been projected here due to the situation."

The bald man heaved a sigh of relief when he saw this scene.

Just now Lin Xiu showed too much strength, he was really afraid that Ma Teng would die FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"Damn..."

At the same time, under Ma Teng's frantic attack, Lin Xiu could only keep defending and had no way to attack at all.

The power that Ma Teng is erupting now is really terrifying.

Even with the use of 'Heavenly Array' and Fury', his own strength was still not enough.

"die!!!"

Ma Teng roared angrily and the moment he was about to continue stabbing with the spear in his hand, a thick wall of ice suddenly appeared in front of Lin Xiu.

Pata——

Although his spear pierced through the ice wall, it also mitigated the majority of the force, allowing Lin Xiu to directly block his attack with his spear the next moment.

Roar--

There was a loud roar in the sky.

Looking carefully, a huge ice dragon flew past and a woman was standing on the ice dragon's body.

"Luo...Luo Yue!!!"

Lin Xiu became excited as he watched this scene.

Luo Yue, who was standing on the ice dragon, looked like an ice beauty at first, but at this moment, a smile appeared on the corner of her mouth.

dragon body.

The God warriors below also watched this magnificent scene.

It was as if the frost had melted.

"Get out!!!"

Seeing that Ma Teng was about to attack again with the spear in his hand, Lin Xiu roared and the strength of his whole body burst out again!

Boom——

That terrifying force directly sent Ma Teng flying.

He directly hit the wall on the opposite side.

At this time, Lin Xiu stuck the spear in his hand on the ground and with a movement of his body, he flew up directly.

Stepping on the body of the ice dragon, he looked at Luo Yue.

Luo Yue also looked at Lin Xiu.

There seemed to be tears in Luo Yue's eyes.

At the next moment, the excited two finally hugged each other again.

"This is..."

Xiao Qingchen and Yuan Zhen were stunned when they saw the two people hugging on the huge ice dragon body.

The God warriors below also watched this magnificent scene.

Lin Xiu hugged Luo Yue tightly, smelling her special fragrance, and was reluctant to let go.

"How are you."

Luo Yue also hugged Lin Xiu tightly.

Feeling the injuries on Lin Xiu's body, her heart ached.

The current Lin Xiu seems to have experienced a lot and has become more mature.

"I am fine."

Lin Xiu closed his eyes, enjoying this rare moment.

Still hugging Luo Yue with both hands, he was afraid that this moment was just a fantasy.

"I want you to die!!!"

At the same time, Ma Teng, who was beaten into the wall, rushed out again.

He roared ferociously and the spear in his hand burst out with golden energy, charging toward Lin Xiu and Luo Yue!

Roar--

At this moment, the ice dragon let out a roar and spat out a mouthful of ice energy.

But it was not strong enough for the golden energy at all and the whole body was instantly blasted in reverse.

At the same time, Lin Xiu and Luo Yue jumped off its body in an instant.

"Are you ready?"

Lin Xiu held Luo Yue's right hand and when he moved his right hand, the golden spear in the ground made a 'buzzing' sound.

In the next moment, it flew into Lin Xiu's hands instantly.

"I'm ready."

Luo Yue smiled slightly.