Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1404  Together

In the next moment, the long sword on Luo Yue's back also flew into her hands.

The two looked at each other and in the next moment, they rushed directly towards Ma Teng!

One holds a spear and the other holds a sword.

They appeared in front of Ma Teng in an instant!

The spear in Lin Xiu's hand carried a terrifying dark blue flame and stabbed directly at Ma Teng's body!

At this moment, an unknown number of stabs were stabbed out.

But every time the spear pierced his body, none of them could penetrate Ma Teng's body!

Now Ma Teng's body is covered by a golden force.

It was this golden force that completely resisted Lin Xiu's attacks!

Whoosh—

At the same time, the long sword in Luo Yue's hand also slashed diagonally!

As her long sword slashed towards him, an extremely strong icy breath suddenly burst out.

This icy breath hit Ma Teng's body and immediately froze Ma Teng's entire body!

Snapped-- Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

The long sword in her hand also struck Ma Teng's neck directly, making a crisp sound.

But this sword only split the frost on his neck, but it still couldn't do any harm to Ma Teng!

Boom——

In the next moment, the ice covering his body was instantly shattered.

Roar--

At this moment, Ma Teng let out a loud roar.

The golden power on the body seemed to be coming out of the impact and immediately sent Luo Yue and Lin Xiu flying.

But the two who flew out quickly stabilized their figures.

The two looked at each other and nodded immediately.

Continue to unleash the strength of the whole body and attack Ma Teng!

"Stop them for me!!!"

Ma Teng looked at the warriors around him and let out a roar.

The God warriors who were dealing with Xiao Qingchen and Yuan Zhen just now all rushed to the front and blocked Ma Teng.

"Hng!"

Lin Xiu saw the dozen or so God warriors blocking them and snorted coldly at this moment.

Directly activate the [Full Profound Intent] skill.

[Profound Intent: Heavenly Dragon Breaks the City]!

The golden spear in his hand vibrated crazily as if he had endured some extremely terrifying force.

Soon, a large amount of black energy was released from the spear.

These black energies directly converged into an incomparably huge black dragon!

As Lin Xiu stabbed forward with his long spear, the black dragon also rushed over!

Those warriors standing in front of them all showed fear in their eyes as they watched this scene.

They clearly felt the horror of the skills Lin Xiu used.

Now in the ruins of the Tiancheng Gate, they are restricted by the power of the rules and there is no way for them to fully release their source strength.

This means that even if they expand the 'Sphere', their defensive ability will not be too strong!

After all, the 'Sphere' was condensed by the powerful source strength.

There was no other way!

At this time, their eyes turned red and they all started to use their powerful skills, wanting to go head-to-head with the skills released by Lin Xiu!

More than a dozen God warriors unleashed their powerful skills and the movement they caused was terrifying!

The surrounding ground began to vibrate at this moment.

A large number of God warriors retreated to the back and directly unfolded their 'Sphere'.

Crash, clatter——

At the same time as those God warriors released their powerful skills, Luo Yue stretched out her left hand and the entire ground was covered with a thick layer of frost at a speed visible to the naked eye!

"It's so cold."

Xiao Qingchen and Yuan Zhen were about to make a move, but at this moment they felt the temperature of the surrounding air drop rapidly.

Even they felt the cold.

"What's this..."

The expressions in the eyes of those warriors standing in front of Ma Teng changed drastically.

They clearly felt the bone-chilling cold.

Luo Yue's whole body's energy was mobilized.

She originally majored in ice attribute power, but after obtaining the Frost Heart, her ice attribute power became even more terrifying!

Crash, clatter——

A large number of snowflakes appeared in the surrounding air.

The entire space was quickly covered with layers of thick ice and snow.

"Damn..."

Looking at this scene, Ma Teng's eyes changed drastically.

Although the power projected by his father is powerful, a lot of it was consumed after the battle just now.

Right now, he could only store up his strength and directly use an extremely powerful skill to block the attacks of Lin Xiu and Luo Yue.

In just one minute, in just one minute, he will be able to accumulate energy to complete the task.

By then, they will be dead!

Thinking of this, Ma Teng's face became extremely hideous.

"run!"

The God warriors who blocked Lin Xiu and Luo Yue in front of Ma Teng seemed to sense something was wrong at this moment and immediately roared angrily.

But at this moment, they seemed to have no way to leave.

Because their legs seemed to be frozen and they couldn't move at all!

As for Lin Xiu, at this time, he had already charged over with the powerful skill released.

Boom, boom, boom——

The black giant dragon, fearless of the incoming skill power, followed Lin Xiu's spear and began to stab towards the front!

Boom, boom, boom——

Following the impact of the huge black dragon, the surrounding ground seemed to have been bombarded in a terrifying manner and a large number of stones were immediately exploded, flying out in all directions.

A large amount of thick dust blocked the view from this side.

It is unknown who used the power of the wind attribute and the thick dust was blown away in an instant.

Taking a closer look, there was a huge pit on the ground where those God warriors were standing just now.

And the corpses of those God warriors were all torn apart by the impact.

It looked very miserable.

And Lin Xiu's figure also appeared amongst it as the dust dispersed.

He also had many wounds on his body.

But these wounds have now begun to dissipate at a speed visible to the naked eye.

"You are all going to die for me!!!"

At this moment, Ma Teng's roar came over.

"what are you doing!"

Some god warriors looked toward Ma Teng and their eyes widened.

Because the current Ma Teng has golden power blooming from his body and he wants to form a Sphere.

It's like the sun.

With the release of his strength, a large number of cracks appeared on the ground under his feet.

These cracks were transmitted to the ground of the entire space in an instant.

It seems that in the next moment, it will completely collapse.

"This guy is crazy."

The faces of the surrounding God warriors also became extremely ugly at this time.

There was fear in both eyes.

Under the condition that the source strength was suppressed, such a terrifying power could be released.

The pupils in Lin Xiu's eyes also shrank slightly.

At this time, he clearly felt the terrifying power in Ma Teng's body.

If he gets hit by his power, the consequences will be unimaginable!