Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1405  Invincible!

Damn it!

At this time, Lin Xiu also clenched the golden spear in his hand.

Now his source strength is suppressed, even if he used 'Fury', the source strength was still suppressed.

Besides, this Ma Teng obtained the power projected by the God King.

With Lin Xiu's current strength, it was not enough to release the strength that could resist him.

"Go together."

Luo Yue flew to Lin Xiu's side at this time, stretched out her right hand, and held Lin Xiu's left hand.

Luo Yue's hands were a little cold, but Lin Xiu's hands were indeed warm.

When the two looked at each other, they suddenly smiled.

"These two, don't run away..."

Xiao Qingchen and Yuan Zhen had already retreated to the back.

It's not that they didn't care about loyalty, but that the skills that Ma Teng was going to release now were obviously too terrifying.

Not to mention them, any other God warriors in this space wouldn't be able to withstand the attack.

Even if they retreat to the back here, they may still be affected!

At this time, Lin Xiu was holding a golden spear in his right hand, pointing at Ma Teng over there.

Boom boom——

At this moment, streaks of faint blue flames burst out from Lin Xiu's golden spear.

Netherworld flame!

As soon as the flame came out, the eyes of those who knew the flame showed shocking expressions.

"He actually absorbed the Netherworld flame..."

Some warriors who use the fire attribute, at this time, showed envy and jealousy in their eyes.

The Netherworld Flame was one of the flames that people want to obtain very much.

Unexpectedly, it was absorbed by Lin Xiu.

"It's useless to have the Netherworld flame. Ma Teng's power is too strong."

Those God warriors, while talking to themselves, secretly used their source strength to strengthen their 'Sphere'.

Because they knew that the skill that Ma Teng was about to unleash next was extremely terrifying.

At this moment, Luo Yue waved her right hand, and the frost around her suddenly began to crack.

These cracked frosts jumped directly into the air like jumping carps.

Taking a closer look at this moment, the frost in the sky began to gather rapidly.

'Profound Intent.Dragon's Carp Gathering'!

This was Luo Yue's most powerful skill at the moment.

And Lin Xiu, at this time, waved the golden spear in his hand, and a series of dark blue flaming birds flew into the sky.

'Profound Intent: Awe of the phoenix'!

'Awe of the phoenix' was not a god-level skill, but because it was transformed from the Netherworld flame, its power at this time is not weak at all!

Soon, Luo Yue's power of ice and snow instantly condensed into a gigantic ice dragon!

And Lin Xiu's flame power condensed into a flaming phoenix formed by the Netherworld flame!

"Go!!!"

The two shouted in unison.

In the next moment, the ice dragon and the flaming phoenix rushed toward Ma Teng in an instant!

"Small tricks!"

Seeing this scene, Ma Teng roared angrily.

The golden energy cluster formed on his body, like the sun, charged toward Lin Xiu and Luo Yue!

The ice dragon and flaming phoenix flew together at the moment of impact.

Two powerful forces circled alternately, forming a huge and incomparable energy immediately, directly charging over!

Boom——

After hitting the huge golden energy ball released by Ma Teng, an extremely loud sound erupted immediately.

A large number of cracks appeared in the surrounding stone walls in an instant, and the entire space had strong gusts of wind.

Some of the weaker warriors were directly impacted and flew out at this moment.

They hit the back hard.

Poof——

They all vomited blood.

Just the collision of these two forces produced a strong impact, which made them a little overwhelmed.

"Ah!!!"

Lin Xiu roared angrily at this time, and the source strength of his body was released crazily.

The terrifying power formed by the combination of that and Luo Yue's power directly suppressed the golden energy ball.

And in reverse, they are going to charge towards Ma Teng!

"No no!!!"

Looking at this scene, Ma Teng showed a look of fear on his face.

He couldn't believe that his strength was actually suppressed by Lin Xiu!

That contained the power of his father, the God King.

"Ah!!! I am the son of God King Ma Tianshen, you dare to kill me!!!"

At this moment, Ma Teng let out a heart-piercing roar.

But at this moment, it was useless. The terrifying power directly connected with the golden energy ball he had released, and charged towards his body!

Boom——

As his body was hit hard, there was another loud and incomparable sound.

The God warriors around felt as if their eardrums were about to explode.

At this time, the entire space was once again filled with thick dust.

"Huh."

At the same time, Lin Xiu also received a system prompt that he gained experience in his mind.

Finally, he's dead.

And Lin Xiu's experience progress bar has directly increased to 11%!

He had quite a lot of experience.

At this time, Luo Yue's body seemed to be a little unsteady due to her strength being overdrawn.

Lin Xiu subconsciously hugged Luo Yue's waist.

Feeling Lin Xiu's warm arm, Luo Yue blushed slightly, and then leaned lightly on Lin Xiu's shoulder.

Crash——

At this time, with a gust of wind, the thick dust around was instantly blown away.

The surrounding ground was originally dilapidated, but in the next moment, it began to recover at a speed visible to the naked eye.

"Hm?"

Looking at this scene, Lin Xiu's eyes showed surprise. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

It was as if time had flowed backwards, and everything that was destroyed around was instantly restored.

But those warriors who died will not come back to life.

Raising his eyes and looking upwards, a strange light appeared above.

With the radiance of this light, Lin Xiu faintly felt that the surrounding space seemed to be full of energy.

"It's so rich in energy.

At this moment, looking forward, Lin Xiu muttered to himself.

Moreover, those stone seats in the sky also began to spread out slowly at this time.

There are ninety-nine stone seats, distributed in a circle from low to high.

The highest stone seat is the closest to the light.

"Divine Light!"

The well-informed Xiao Qingchen, looking at the bright lights above his head at this moment, seemed to have sensed something and suddenly said in surprise.

"Divine Light? What is Divine Light?"

Yuan Zhen was startled and then said subconsciously.

"Anyway, it's a very powerful light. After bathing in it, you can gain great power!"

Xiao Qingchen was so excited that he didn't know what to say.

Anyway, this thing only exists in legends, he never thought it would appear here!