Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1406  Bathing in Divine Light

"The closer you get to Divine Light, the stronger the power you can obtain."

"These ninety-nine seats are arranged in order of height. The first one is directly soaked in Divine Light..."

Speaking of this, Xiao Qingchen also became excited.

If you reach the first seat, then the power will definitely be much stronger!

"Are you okay?" Lin Xiu said softly to Luo Yue who was leaning on his shoulder.

"En."

Luo Yue closed her eyes at this moment, enjoying this rare moment.

"Luo Yue, who is he?"

At the same time, several women came over and said coldly to Luo Yue.

They all came here from Mei Continent together with Luo Yue.

And they were all from the same sect.

"She is my wife so who do you think I am?"

At this time, Lin Xiu put his arms around Luo Yue, looked at them, and said faintly.

"Nonsense!"

"Luo Yue is going to be the fiancée of God King Hetian, how could she be your wife!"

One of the women, who looked a little bit sarcastic, said in a cold voice at this time.

Luo Yue didn't speak at this time but looked at the woman with cold eyes.

Being looked at by Luo Yue like this, she suddenly felt a chill in her body.

"Master... Master made the decision for you!"

She said with a trembling voice.

"Tell her, I won't go back again."

Luo Yue said lightly. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"You..."

As soon as she finished speaking, the faces of these women became extremely ugly.

But thinking of the terrifying power released by Lin Xiu just now, they dare not say anything now.

"You will regret this."

"Why..."

The woman Luo Yue called Ying'er said curiously at this moment.

The woman gritted her teeth just now and said, and then left directly with the other women.

"Sister Luo Yue, I think it's better to talk to Master about it."

One of them, who looked quite cute, hesitated for a moment before speaking.

"Ying'er, I won't go back."

Luo Yue shook her head.

This woman obviously has a relatively good relationship with Luo Yue, at this time Luo Yue also said softly.

"Why..."

The woman Luo Yue called Ying'er said curiously at this moment.

"Because I didn't want to come here in the first place."

Luo Yue smiled slightly.

Lin Xiu has already appeared beside her. She feels that now, Lin Xiu is everything to her.

The same is true for Lin Xiu.

Ying'er seemed to be seeing Luo Yue smile for the first time at this time, and she couldn't help being slightly stunned.

"Okay, I'll make it clear to Master, and tell her not to make any marriage contract for you!"

Ying'er also clenched her fists and nodded seriously.

Then she went back.

She was different from Luo Yue. She was born in the sect, and she has no one to rely on when she leaves the sect.

"Hey, what is this?"

Lin Xiu also came to his senses at this time and raised his eyes to look at the Divine Light above his head, with a look of incomparable curiosity in his eyes.

"This is Divine Light."

Xiao Qingchen and Yuan Zhen also walked over at this time.

"Bathing in Divine Light, you can gain even more powerful power."

As he spoke, Lin Xiu felt it seriously, and he could clearly feel it. There was a warm feeling all over his body.

The energy consumed by the body was also recovering at an extremely fast speed.

"This must be sister-in-law, hello sister-in-law."

Xiao Qingchen and Yuan Zhen spoke at this time.

Luo Yue seemed a little uncomfortable being called that at this time.

"Now, what are you going to do?"

Lin Xiu looked around and said curiously.

"Bathe in Divine Light! The higher you go, the more abundant Divine Light you will be bathed in."

"This is just like how the upper class gets to eat meat while the lower class only drinks soup."

Xiao Qingchen shook her head and said.

As soon as his words fell, some warriors flew directly into the sky.

Wanting to touch those Divine Light directly.

But as soon as their bodies flew up, they were directly suppressed by an invisible force.

Boom——

As their bodies were pressed down, there was a loud noise.

The whole body hit the ground heavily.

"Can't fly up?"

Looking at this scene, Lin Xiu frowned.

"You should sit on those stone seats."

Xiao Qingchen continued to speak.

At this time, some God warriors still took their seats one by one.

But the higher one is, the more abundant Divine Light can be bathed in.

So these God warriors were all scrambling to go to the high place.

While Lin Xiu was fighting just now, quite a few God warriors had already teleported over. At this time, there were more than two hundred God warriors in the entire space.

They were all vying for the ninety-nine stone seats.

But soon, some warriors discovered that the higher the stone seat, the stronger the pressure it had to bear.

A God warrior rushed directly to the highest stone seat.

As soon as he sat down, he clearly felt a strong pressure.

His body was crushed to pieces by this terrifying pressure.

In the next moment, the whole body turned into a puddle of blood and fell down directly.

When everyone in the sky saw this scene, they couldn't help but feel a chill in their bodies.

This is too scary.

"It seems that it is not so easy to sit on the first stone seat."

At this time, Lin Xiu asked, "Are you guys going up first?"

Lin Xiu looked at Xiao Qingchen and Yuan Zhen.

"Yup, let's go up first."

Xiao Qingchen and Yuan Zhen flew directly up at this time.

They chose the ninth stone seat and the tenth stone seat.

It just so happens that no one has chosen these two positions.

As they took their seats, they seemed to feel a strong pressure.

They gritted their teeth, struggling to bear the terrifying pressure.

There was blood dripping from the corner of their mouths.

Soon, as they persevered, the terrifying pressure gradually disappeared.

Instead, there was an extremely warm feeling.

The power of those Divine Light made their body injuries recover quickly at a speed visible to the naked eye.

And they also felt that an extremely strong force surrounded their bodies.

Without the slightest hesitation, they directly used [Cultivation Technique] to frantically absorb the energy around them.

"Luo Yue, try."

Lin Xiu looked at the first seat at this time, and then said aloud.

Luo Yue seemed a little hesitant.

"It's okay, if you can get to the first place, you have to take the first seat."

Lin Xiu seemed to know what Luo Yue was thinking, so he smiled at this moment.

"En."

At this time Luo Yue also nodded slightly.

With the movement of her mind, the whole person flew up in an instant.

She was dressed in white, and she flew as if she was floating in the air.

"Hng!"

The bitter and mean woman from before saw Luo Yue fly up, and immediately snorted coldly.

"Refused to go back to the sect. When the time comes, I'd like to see how Master will deal with you!"

She looked at Luo Yue with a gloomy look in her eyes.