Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1407  The First Seat

Ying'er looked at this scene with worried eyes.

The master of the sect would definitely not allow Luo Yue to leave so easily.

And she also vaguely heard the news that the master was going to betroth Luo Yue to King Hetian.

At this time, Luo Yue had already flown into the sky, and while the terrifying pressure was about to press her down, she sat directly on the first stone seat.

Poof——

As soon as she took her seat, Luo Yue felt a strong pressure coming.

That terrifying pressure directly made Luo Yue spit out a mouthful of blood.

She sat down cross-legged, trying to hold back.

But this pressure was really terrifying, and she also knew that with her current strength, there was no way she could bear it.

There was no way. At this time, Luo Yue turned around and jumped directly to the stone seat at the back. Soon, she reached the third seat.

As soon as she arrived at the third seat, she could clearly feel that the terrifying pressure was reduced a lot.

Although the pressure on the third seat was still terrifying, at least it was acceptable.

Soon, that pressure began to gradually weaken.

And Luo Yue has also activated her cultivation technique and started to recover from the injuries she suffered.

"You can only go to the third seat ah..."

Lin Xiu looked at this scene and immediately said to himself.

Long time no see, Luo Yue's strength is also very strong.

But still only able to sit in the third seat, which is enough to prove that the pressure the first seat has to bear is strong.

Soon, some God warriors also wanted to compete for the first seat, but without a doubt, they all failed.

Not to mention the first one, even the second one, they couldn't bear the pressure.

The pressure to bear was too great as if it will crush people into meatloaf.

Some people immediately set their sights on the ninth and tenth seats.

"Come down!"

They looked at Xiao Qingchen and Yuan Zhen who were sitting on the stone seat. They immediately flew up and used the weapons in their hands to attack them!

Boom--

But just as they were waving the weapons in their hands, an invisible force suddenly knocked them down.

"It seems that if you want to play tricks, you can't."

Lin Xiu looked at this scene with his eyes, immediately narrowed his eyes slightly, and said to these people faintly.

"Shut up!!!"

One of the God warriors obviously didn't see the battle between Lin Xiu and Ma Teng just now, so he yelled at Lin Xiu from embarrassment.

With a wave of the saber in his hand, terrifying saber energy directly charged toward Lin Xiu!

Looking at this scene, Lin Xiu narrowed his eyes slightly. With a wave of the golden spear in his hand, he directly blocked the saber energy.

At the next moment, Lin Xiu shot with a flick of his finger, and a cloud of dark blue flames directly charged toward the man!

Boom——

As the faint blue flames hit his body, he instantly turned into a burning man.

"Ah!!!"

He let out a wailing cry and rolled frantically on the ground.

But no matter what, this flame cannot be extinguished.

And it not only burned his flesh but also his soul.

After a while, the God warrior was directly burned to death.

The God warriors around couldn't help but feel a chill when they saw this scene.

The Netherworld flames were truly terrifying.

They looked at Lin Xiu with fear in their eyes.

"We, we didn't mean to..."

Some God warriors couldn't help trembling and said at this moment.

At this time, Lin Xiu didn't have time to listen to the words of these God warriors. With a movement of his body, he flew up directly.

For Lin Xiu, these God warriors are too weak now.

Even if he killed them, he couldn't get much experience.

At this moment, very quickly, the body flew to the upper side.

The goal is the first one!

Those God warriors who were on the ground all raised their eyes to look at Lin Xiu.

Just now, quite a few people went to compete for the first seat. Some God warriors who were lucky were directly suppressed, and some who were unlucky died directly.

Can Lin Xiu take the first seat?

The eyes of the God warriors around them were full of curiosity.

Soon, Lin Xiu was already sitting in the first seat.

At this moment, Lin Xiu sat cross-legged under the incomparably terrifying pressure.

Boom——

It was only after taking his seat that Lin Xiu could clearly feel the horror of the first stone seat.

It's such a terrifying pressure, it's almost as if you want to crush yourself.

That incomparably powerful force caused blood to flow from the corner of Lin Xiu's mouth.

And there were a lot of cracks on the skin.

It seems that the whole body of flesh and blood is about to burst.

"It seems that it is nothing more than that." FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Some of the God warriors just now couldn't help whispering when they saw this scene.

Lin Xiu was crushed to death by that powerful force, which was naturally what they were happy to see.

But soon, they were surprised to find that Lin Xiu was not overwhelmed at all, but endured it.

"How can this be..."

Looking at this scene, the eyes of some God warriors showed disbelief.

Lin Xiu has now activated the 'Cultivation Technique'.

With the operation of the 'Cultivation Technique', Lin Xiu could clearly feel that extremely powerful energy was being absorbed into every pore of his body.

With the continuous influx of energy, Lin Xiu could clearly feel his injuries and recovered quickly.

The source strength that had just disappeared from the body was fully replenished at this moment!

Comfortable!

Bathed in these divine lights, Lin Xiu really felt a little ecstatic.

Taking a deep breath, Lin Xiu continued to run the 'Cultivation Technique' crazily to absorb it.

And at this moment, the system also sent out a reminder to detect energy and whether to swallow it!

Lin Xiu was overjoyed and directly chose to devour.

Soon, with the activation of the Engulf system, Lin Xiu devoured these Divine Light's energies continuously.

The experience progress bar is also slowly increasing.

The god warriors below could no longer resist, even if they were unwilling.

Although they were not directly bathed in the divine radiance, they can feel the power it brings.

At this moment, they all sat down cross-legged and started practicing the 'Cultivation Technique' in the same way.

After some time, as Lin Xiu felt shaking from his surroundings, he slowly opened his eyes.

As soon as he opened his eyes, Lin Xiu found that the Divine Light had become much weaker.

The whole space began to shake continuously.

At this moment, the stone seat under him also began to crack.

Luo Yue also opened her eyes at this time and looked up at Lin Xiu above.

The two looked at each other, and immediately jumped up.

Bang bang bang——

At this moment, these stone seats burst instantly.