Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1408  Stele

The warrior gods sitting by the throne were much stronger and they had already sensed it coming. All of them jumped off their seats immediately.

As the rocks around them exploded, the God's Glow disappeared as well and all of them seemed to be sad to part with it.

Being showered by the God's Glow was incredibly comforting.

Plus, he could obviously feel that his strength has increased as well after absorbing the energy from it.

"An increase of more than 20%..."

Lin Xiu muttered under his breath as he was quite surprised.

At his current level, it was quite difficult for him to gain more EXP.

However, he didn't think that the God's Glow from before would help him gain this much.

"What's wrong?"

Luo Yue looked at Lin Xiu curiously.

"Nothing."

Then, he grabbed onto Luo Yue's hands and smiled.

Boom – –

Then, the entire space started shaking.

Soon, they could see that the walls around them were starting to collapse.

There were cracks on the stone walls and all of them released their 'sphere's to protect themselves.

In the end, there was a loud explosion and all of the walls fell to the ground.

What they saw next were eye-blinding lights.

Lin Xiu had to narrow his eyes in order to adapt to the bright light.

"Where...is this?"

When the warriors noticed their new surrounding, all of them were shocked.

This was a wide, spacious area.

The ground was covered with shiny marbles with a unique mark on them.

The walls were the ones that were glowing faintly in white that lit up the entire place.

So, they were all previously in a smaller space placed in a bigger, empty space.

Boom – –

At the same time, the entire ground started shaking.

There was a huge ring that appeared in the middle.

There were four statues on each corner and they looked like real ones.

Then, there was an enormous stele that fell from above.

"Be careful!"

All of the warriors were shocked and leaped backwards subconsciously.

Boom – –

The stele landed right in the middle of the ring.

Then, they noticed that there was a golden glow coming from the stele.

"What is that?"

Xiao Qingchen and Yuan Zheng were curious.

When they got a closer look, they noticed that it was filled with names.

There were about 200 warriors that were ranked on the stele.

Lin Xiu's name placed first place.

"Congratulations on getting here."

Suddenly, a righteous voice appeared.

As they looked up, they could see that there was an old man getting closer to the ground.

Mr Sima!

The man who controls Warrior God City!

"Mr Sima..."

When they saw who it was, all of them had a respectful look in their eyes.

Mr Sima was definitely a figure that all warriors respected. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"See the stele over there?"

Mr Sima swept a gaze of those before him.

"The name written on the stele is according to your strength. It is a ranking from the strongest to the weakest."

From the strongest to the weakest?

This meant that in the first place would be the strongest warrior here.

The first name on the list was Lin Xiu!

"Lin Xiu, you're first!"

Xiao Qingchen spoke in surprise.

"Second, Luo Yue..."

"Could it be..."

Yuan Zheng then took a glance at Luo Yue, who was standing next to Lin Xiu, and he was even more surprised.

The top two positions on the ranking have been taken by this couple.

Those who saw their names at the end of the list, all of them had an awkward expression on their face.

Why did they release such a list?

And the ring that suddenly appeared...

All of them were curious and unsure, thinking about all sorts of possibilities.

"First place, pick any three items from the Treasure Storage."

"Second place, pick any two items from the Treasure Storage."

"Third place, pick any one item from the Treasure Storage."

"From fourth to 99th, you will each get one random reward."

Mr Sima continued making his announcement.

Treasures from the Treasure Storage?!

All of the warriors were stunned after hearing what was said.

The Treasure Storage mentioned definitely wasn't an ordinary one.

There must be priceless treasures inside!

The first place even got to pick three items!

As they thought about it, there were envious looks that appeared in their eyes.

"Mr Sima, what about those after 99?"

One of the warriors hesitated for sometime before asking Mr Sima.

"There will be no rewards given."

Mr Sima gave a simple answer.

Those who were placed after the 99th position looked dissatisfied.

They came all the way here but ended up with nothing. They were obviously unhappy with the outcome.

"First up, the fight for first place."

"Lin Xiu, please come on stage."

Mr Sima's body levitated and flew out of the ring.

Lin Xiu also came back to his senses after hearing the announcement.

So, the others would be able to challenge warriors according to the rankings.

This meant that even though Lin Xiu was already in first place, the other warriors would still be able to challenge him.

After hearing the news, all of them were getting pumped to challenge those in the higher rankings.

Lin Xiu and Luo Yue looked at each other before Lin Xiu went into the ring.

"Those who win against Lin Xiu will be able to replace him as first place."

"However, this is a life or death match. The loser will die instantly."

The new announcement felt as if a big bucket of cold water had been poured over their heads.

This was not a normal fight but one where they would lose their lives. Those who entered the ring will have to fight until the other party dies!

As they stared at Lin Xiu who was in the ring, all of them were frightened.

Lin Xiu had shown that he was incredibly powerful which was why there was no one who wanted to challenge him.

"Bunch of idiots. I'll do it!"

Suddenly, one of the warriors amongst the crowd leaped onto the ring.

He was in fourth place, Cheng Jia.

Lin Xiu narrowed his eyes as he looked at Cheng Jia.

To be able to come on stage, this man must be incredibly confident in himself.

However, Lin Xiu didn't think that he would lose to anyone here.

After absorbing the energy from the God's Glow, he was now even more powerful than before.

"Young man, the power that the stele detected must be the ones under normal circumstances. That does not mean that you are the best here."

Cheng Jia glared at Lin Xiu as he spoke in a cold tone.