Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1409  A Major Change

With that said, the rest of the warriors came back to their senses as well.

That's right! The stele should only be able to estimate the abilities of the warriors here.

But, in a fight, anything can happen.

Therefore, most of them started watching the match with excitement.

Even if Cheng Jia did not defeat Lin Xiu, it would still be able to exhaust Lin Xiu.

Then, it would be easier for them to defeat Lin Xiu after that.

As they thought about it, some of the warriors revealed a cunning smile.

Luo Yue remained on her spot and smiled as she looked at Lin Xiu who was inside the ring.

Lin Xiu's confidence was something that Luo Yue will never forget.

She believed that Lin Xiu would definitely win the fight.

He will continue to do so.

His position was unshakable.

"Can we start now?"

Cheng Jia looked over at Mr Sima.

"Once you're in the ring, you can start."

Mr Sima answered indifferently.

Then, Cheng Jia grabbed onto his machete and dashed forward towards Lin Xiu!

The machete was aimed to chop Lin Xiu into pieces!

Xiu – –

However, just as his machete was about to touch Lin Xiu, his body disappeared into thin air.

Where did he go?!

Cheng Jia's pupils shrank subconsciously.

As if he felt something behind him, he quickly placed the machete on his back to block the attack.

Clang– –

With a bright sound, they could clearly see that Lin Xiu was now standing behind Cheng Jia.

The tip of the golden spear was on top of the machete.

"You're quick."

Lin Xiu commented.

Then, he continued thrusting the golden spear towards Cheng Jia!

Xiu xiu xiu – –

The long spear was moving very quickly and he had already thrown out multiple stabs.

"Ahhhhh!!!"

Cheng Jia roared in rage. He moved his machete quickly as he tried to keep up with the speed of the long spear.

However, the long spear was coming so quickly that Cheng Jia had no other choice but to release his 'sphere' for protection.

Boom – –

Lin Xiu did not stop his attacks. A black energy was released from the spear and there was a little black dragon that started attacking Cheng Jia's 'sphere'!

Followed by a loud explosion, Cheng Yuan's body was then thrown into the distance!

His entire body then landed on the barricade around the ring and he groaned in pain.

Pfft –

Cheng Jia stared at Lin Xiu with his eyes widened and spat out a mouthful of blood.

He didn't think that Lin Xiu could be so powerful.

"Damn it..."

Then, he released his domain forces.

"Useless."

Lin Xiu instantly released the 'Purification Domain' as soon as Cheng Jia tried to use his domain forces. This caused Cheng Jia's powers to be immediately shut down.

How was this even possible?!

Seeing how his domain forces were disappearing, he was enraged.

These domain forces would be able to increase his strength in multiple folds but he couldn't even use them now.

He had no idea what was going on. He only knew that since they were already here now, he could not run away from it.

He had to kill Lin Xiu!

Then, his eyes were filled with a murderous look.

His body then started expanding and he became double his original size.

"Well, who would have thought that Cheng Jia could still hide something."

"Such strength. Lin Xiu is in trouble."

The rest of the warriors were surprised as well.

As Cheng Jia's body got bigger, his strength increased as well!

"Huh?"

Lin Xiu was also surprised to see what was happening.

This was because he could feel that the changes were drastic as if he was now a different man.

Hold on….could this be divine energy?

Lin Xiu took a good look at him and saw a huge, red shadow behind him.

A red grade divine spirit!

"I will destroy you!!!"

Cheng Jia's body was now like a hill as he roared on top of his lungs.

The huge cry drew up a huge wind.

Some of the warriors felt as if their eardrums were about to break and quickly covered their eyes.

At the same time, Cheng Jia was already attacking Lin Xiu.

Although his size was much bigger than before, he was still moving very quickly.

He did not use any weapons and only attacked Lin Xiu with his large fist.

Boom – –

The next moment, his large first landed directly on where Lin Xiu was standing and there was a loud explosion that followed.

He had an evil smile on his face but soon, he froze.

This was because he noticed that Lin Xiu had dodged the attack.

He missed!

Where did he go?!

Then, Lin Xiu was already behind him with the golden spear raised over his head.

Boom – –

Cheng Jia was then thrown far into the distance again.

Boom – –

This was a unique ring and there was an energy barrier around them. This was the reason why Cheng Jia's body was stopped mid air.

Cheng Jia landed on the ground with a loud thud before slowly getting up on his feet.

"Meteorite Punches!!!"

Seeing Lin Xiu who was opposite him, Cheng Jia decided to use his warrior skill.

This was a god-level warrior skill and there were thousands of huge fists in the air that were headed at Lin Xiu!

"Let's see how you're going to escape all of them!"

Cheng Jia roared in rage.

This time, Lin Xiu remained on the same spot and released his 'sphere'.

When he stepped onto the ring, Lin Xiu noticed that his source energy was no longer suppressed.

This may only be limited to the ring where the rules outside did not apply.

As his source energy were no longer suppressed, Lin Xiu was able to release the 'sphere' with all the energy in his body; even if Cheng Jia was using a god-level warrior skill, it still wouldn't be able to destroy him!!!

Boom boom boom – –

Cheng Jia continued attacking Lin Xiu but soon noticed that his fists were unable to break Lin Xiu's 'sphere'.

On the contrary, his fists started to bleed.

Impossible! This was impossible!

This scene had totally overturned what he knew.

"Goodbye."

Cheng Jis was still in shock when Lin Xiu leaped into the air with his golden spear in hand.

He was like a light that shot across into Cheng Jia's body!

He was moving so fast that he merely looked like a meteorite.

Then, Lin Xiu appeared behind Cheng Jia.

"This….isn't possible..." Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com