Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1410  Luo Yue’s fight

Cheng Jia widened his eyes in shock, he couldn't believe what was happening!

When he looked down, he saw that there was a huge bloody hole through his body.

It was obvious that Lin Xiu was the one who did this.

Cheng Jia looked at the hole in his chest. Then, his body started swaying and fell to the ground.

Boom – –

His body that was like a hill fell on the ring causing a loud noise. The entire place shook as well.

Just as the divine spirit of Cheng Jia was about to disappear due to his death, there was a black shadow that appeared next to Lin Xiu. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

The black shadow headed straight for Cheng Jia.

This black shadow was a little black dragon.

Lin Xiu's little black dragon!

It flew straight to Cheng Jia's divine spirit, opened its mouth and swallowed the entire thing as a whole.

Hmm?

Mr Sima was surprised to see what was going on.

This divine spirit engulfed Cheng Jia's divine spirit?

"Interesting."

He gently stroke his beard and stared at Lin Xiu with an curious look in his eyes.

Xiu – –

After engulfing the rest of the divine spirit left from Cheng Jia, it immediately returned to Lin Xiu's body.

Everyone else was still in shock with how Lin Xiu defeated his opponent and none of them noticed his divine spirit.

Seeing how his divine spirit had flown back into his body, Lin Xiu felt a little speechless.

His divine spirit could come out on its own?

It was as if it could think for itself.

"Anyone else?"

Lin Xiu looked around as he asked.

The rest of them only came back to their senses after hearing Lin Xiu's question.

They stared at Lin Xiu with fear in their eyes.

Cheng Jia was a powerful warrior but Lin Xiu still managed to kill him with one strike. If they went on to the ring now, wasn't that a suicide mission?

However, there were still some who wanted to try.

They felt that Lin Xiu must have been exhausted after fighting Cheng Jia.

If they challenged him, they might be able to win...

But, this was only an assumption. None of them wanted to die.

"Anyone else?"

Mr Sima stared at the warrior gods beneath him.

Lin Xiu also looked around him.

Those who still wanted to try and challenge Lin Xiu earlier suddenly felt chilly when Lin Xiu looked at them.

Suddenly, they even lost the courage to just look Lin Xiu in the eyes.

"First place, Lin Xiu!"

Seeing how no one was coming onto the stage, Mr Sima announced the results.

Those who were eager to try felt a little disappointed but also relieved at the same time.

If they went onto the ring, they would most likely be killed by Lin Xiu.

As for those who knew that they never had a chance, they were envious of Lin Xiu.

Afterall, he will be getting three items from the Treasure Storage!

These treasures were the ones found from the Ancient Ruins of Tianmen City! All of them would be priceless!

"Next up, Luo Yue!"

As soon as the announcement was made, Luo Yue jumped into the ring.

"Be careful."

Lin Xiu smiled at Luo Yue who just got on stage.

He believed in Luo Yue and knew that there wouldn't be a problem.

"En."

Luo Yue nodded her head.

As Lin Xiu left the ring, Mr Sima raised his left hand and levitated Cheng Jia's body.

Boom – –

Mr Sima made the next announcement.

With that said, a warrior leaped onto the ring!

Then, Cheng Jia's body was blasted into a million particles and soon disappeared into thin air.

Seeing what had happened to his body, all of them were stunned.

"Well, those who would like to challenge her can come onto the ring now."

Mr Sima made the next announcement.

With that said, a warrior leaped onto the ring!

It was a woman but she was tall and muscular with dark skin. She even looked stronger than the other men.

This was Qing Ying, who was in third place!

Her weapon was different from the rest as she had a whip.

"Qing Ying! This woman is a powerful warrior god….."

The rest of them looked surprised when they saw who it was.

They didn't think that Qing Yang would challenge Luo Yue.

Luo Yue, on the other hand, had a soft sword and she still had an emotionless look on her face.

Xiu – –

Qing Yang did not waste any time and started attacking Luo Yue with her whip!

As the whip went across the ring, there were electric currents on it.

Sizzling – –

As the currents appeared, there seemed to be a burnt smell in the air.

The whip was about to hit Luo Yue when her body suddenly flashed and disappeared.

The whip landed on the ground insead and there was a huge explosion that followed.

However, the currents on her whip were transferred onto the ground and it slowly spread across the rest of the ring!

"Let's see how you run from that!"

Qing Yang had a hideous smile on her face.

However, the look on her face had a drastic change almost immediately.

This was because she noticed that there was a cold breeze that hit her and the entire ground was now covered in ice!

All her electric currents have been frozen.

Plus, the ice even went up her feet and locked both her legs on the ground.

"Useless tricks!"

Seeing what was happening to her, Qing Yang had a fierce look on her face.

She gathered all her strength to her feet and shook off the ice around her legs.

When she looked up, Luo Yue was already coming at her with the sword!

Xiu xiu xiu– –

The longsword was moving quickly and Qing Yang could only try to dodge it.

Everytime she moved, the longsword was right next to her body, almost piercing through Qing Yang's body.

At this point, Qing Yang was a little shocked.

She never thought that Luo Yue could be so quick.

She had no other choice but to leap a few steps backwards in order to dodge the attacks.

Then, she threw her whip forward!

In an instant, her whip was wrapped around Luo Yue's sword.

Sizzling – –

A large amount of e;ectric current was released and spreaded across Luo Yue's body!

Luo Yue's body was then entirely covered by the currents.

Qing Yang showed a ruthless smile as she thought of how Luo Yue will be wailing in pain soon due to the powerful currents.

However, what shocked her was that Luo Yue was not affected by it at all!

She remained motionless on the ground.

It was as if these electric currents did not affect her at all!