Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1411  Powerful Luo Yue

She's not afraid of the electric currant?!

After seeing what was happening, Qing Ying looked shocked.

This was because from Luo Yue's first reaction when she tried to run, Qing Ying was sure that Luo Yue was afraid of these electric currents.

However, now it seems like these electric currents didn't have much effect on her!

Damn it!

As Qing Ying swore under her breath, Luo Yue thrusted her sword forward and the whip that was wrapped around the sword was pulled toward Luo Yue!

Qing Ying's body flew toward Luo Yue as well.

Sh*t!

Qing Ying didn't think that this would happen and he had a bad feeling about it.

She had to loosen the whip on Luo Yue's sword.

However, she no longer had the chance to do so. Her body was already moving toward Luo Yue due to the inertia.

Boom – –

As Qing Ying was getting closer, Luo Yu leaped into the air and gave a hard kick to Qing Ying's abdomen.

Due to the huge impact, Qing Ying collided on the ground heavily.

Before Qing Ying could react, Luo Yue gripped tightly onto her longsword and continued her attack.

Xiu – –

Then, there was a fierce sword aura released toward Qing Ying!

There were even electric currents around the sword aura!

Luo Yue knew how to use electric currents!

Then, the huge sword aura rushed toward Qing Ying's body and there was a loud sound that followed.

Crumbling– –

The entire floor started shaking vigorously.

However, what was more shocking, was that Qing Ying's figure had suddenly disappeared!

Luo Yue missed her target!

Behind her!

Luo Yu felt something coming from the back and quickly turned around. That's when she saw the whip coming at her!

Boom – –

Just as the whip was about to touch her, Luo Yue had already released her 'sphere'.

Her 'sphere' was enough to stop the whip coming at her.

Bakk – –

The whip landed on the 'sphere' and there was a loud explosion that followed.

But, this did not bring any damage to Luo Yue.

"Go to hell!"

Qing Ying's body appeared on the other side.

There were injuries seen all over her body.

It was obvious that Luo Yue's sword aura had hit her!

Qing Ying roared in rage as she moved the whip in her hands more aggressively.

The entire whip was now turning blue.

This meant that her whip was now much tougher than before.

The moving whip was like a poison snake dancing and it was aimed at Luo Yu's 'sphere' over and over again!

Slap slap slap – –

The whip landed on Luo Yuo's 'sphere' continuously as if she wanted to break it apart as quickly as possible.

However, it seemed like even after some time, it was useless.

How could her 'sphere' be so tough?

Qing Ying was utterly surprised.

As Qing Ying continued her furious attacks, she was starting to become weak.

Luo Yue quickly took the chance to attack Qing Ying instead!

"You're dead!"

Seeing how Luo Yue had the audacity to attack her, Qing Ying felt that he was getting challenged and she was ready to give it everything she had.

Luo Yue still has her 'sphere' released and as the energy from her body entered the sword, it was obvious that the sword was now glowing brightly. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

At the same time, there were also black particles that appeared behind Luo Yue.

Soon, all of these black particles gathered together to form a black sword and appeared behind her.

Black grade divine spirit – A sword!

Lin Xiu was surprised as well.

He didn't think that Luo Yue would have had her divine spirit.

Plus, this was one that suited her best.

Xiu – –

Qing Ying quickly grabbed her whip to defend against Luo Yue's sword!

Luo Yue was already standing in front of Qing Ying!

Due to how her strength had increased tremendously with the help of her divine spirit, Luo Yue's sword became even sharper and scarier!

Xiu – –

Qing Ying quickly grabbed her whip to defend against Luo Yue's sword!

However, the whip was cut into two!

Qing Ying was incredibly surprised as well.

She didn't think that her whip could be cut apart!

However, Luo Yue's sword was still coming at her and her actions were smooth with no delays.

Qing Ying quickly released her 'sphere' as well.

As the sword landed on her 'sphere', the huge amount of energy caused Qing Ying to be thrown far into the distance again.

This time, Luo Yue did not go after her. Instead, only the sword in her hands followed.

Xiu – –

As the sword left her hand, Luo Yue released her warrior skills and there were thousands of swords that appeared in the air. All of them were aimed at Qing Ying!!!

Noooo!!!

Qing Ying, who was thrown into the distance, roared with unwillingness when she saw what was about to happen.

Her domain energy, sourcemark as well as divine energy has not been released yet but she could feel that she would die if she got attacked now!

She quickly gathered all of the energy in her body, trying to toughen her 'sphere'.

Boom boom boom – –

Then, some of the swords that landed on her 'sphere' got reflected.

However, it was obvious that her sphere would no longer defend against the rest of the attacks.

The tip of the swords have already pierced through the sphere.

As for the rest following behind it, all of them pierced through it with no resistance!

Boom boom boom – –

Qing Ying's 'sphere' was destroyed and the swords went piercing through Qing Ying's body.

There were countless swords all over her body as she fell to the ground.

Qing Ying, dead.

The rest of the warriors gasped as they saw how the fight ended.

This was horrifying.

Soon, the real sword flew back to Luo Yue's arms.

"Luo Yue wins." Mr Sima announced the result.

Lin Xi let out a breath of relief as well. Although he was confident in Luo Yue, Lin Xiu was still worried that something might happen to her.

Fortunately, Luo Yue was incredible.

"Anyone else who would like to challenge her?"

Mr Sima looked at the rest of the crowd.

Some of them initially thought that Luo Yue was merely a beautiful lady and her abilities would not be anywhere as good as theirs.

But, after watching the fight between Luo Yue and Qing Ying, they felt differently.

After all, Luo Yue has shown undefeated strengths during the fight.

"Me!"

Then, there was a muscular man that jumped on stage.

The man had a huge machete that was burning in flames. He does look like a powerful man.

"Zhang Yunxian, ranked sixth!"

The rest of them were shocked.

"Luo Yue just had a fight with Qing Ying and she must be exhausted. Now that she has to fight Zhang Yunxian, she's in trouble."

"I heard that Qing Ying and Zhang Yunxian are close. Looks like he's here for revenge?"

The rest of the warriors whispered to each other.

Lin Xiu frowned.

If there were people who continuously challenge Luo Yue, she would be at a disadvantage.

Luo Yue would now have to show how powerful she is and kill Zhang Yunxian immediately in order to scare the others.

At the same time, Zhang Yunxian rushed towards Luo Yue with no hesitation!

There was a vast amount of energy coming from the machete in his arms, ready to kill Luo Yue.

Xiu – –

However, Luo Yue only made a slight movement and she was already standing behind Zhang Yunxian.

Just as Zhnag Yunxian was about to continue his fancy moves, his entire body froze on the spot!

What was going on?!

The rest of the warriors were shocked as well.

"This….is impossible..."

Zhang Yunxian muttered two words only. Suddenly, there was a bloody cut on his neck and his head fell to the ground.

Followed by his muscular body.

One kill KO!

Zhang Yunxian who was ranked sixth had been defeated!

"Such terrifying strength."

The rest of the warriors gasped when they saw what happened on the ring.

"Anyone else?"

Luo Yue looked at those who were on the ground as she asked.

Seeing how cold her eyes were, none of them dared to look her in the eyes.

"Looks like no one will be challenging you."

Mr Sima announced the result.

"Luo Yue, second place."

After hearing the second announcement, Luo Yue flew back to the ground and stood next to Lin Xiu.

"You two are just great..."

Xiao Qingchen and Yuan Zheng didn't know what to say.

With their overbearing strength, they had dominated the top two positions.

Then, it was third place.

Due to how the warrior who was in third place had died, the ones that followed behind them would be moved up.

Due to how no one succeeded in the previous two fights, there were also lesser warriors who were willing to challenge those in the upper five.

Although they were all warrior gods, most of them still had a desire to live.

Xiao Qingchen and Yuan Zheng placed 17th and 21st. They were lucky that no one had challenged them.

However, in the lower ranks between 80th and 90th, the competition became tough and a lot of people ended up dead.

Soon, the challenge came to an end.

There were already 50 warriors that have died.

"The fight ends here."

"Please come with me."

Mr Sima returned to the ground and led the crowd forward.

All of them were getting excited.

They knew that it was time to get their hands on the treasures!

Lin Xiu grabbed onto Luo Yue's hand and walked together side by side.

"Treasure? I wonder what it is..."

Xiao Qingchen was excited as well.

The treasures from the Ancient Ruins of Tianmen City must be something interesting and not mundane!