Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1418  Spatial Magic Cube

"This is..."

"My fiancee."

Lin Xiu smiled slightly.

Although Luo Yue's face was still as cold as it had been for thousands of years and when she heard Lin Xiu's words, her fair cheeks seemed to be covered with a tinge of pink.

But it disappeared soon.

"By the way, wait a minute, can you send me back to Earth?"

Lin Xiu looked at him and said.

"Earth?"

"It should work. I'll check the coordinates."

Pang Tong nodded slightly, and in the next moment, he started to turn on the projection screen and searched for the coordinates of the earth.

"Lin Xiu, I don't want to go back to Earth first."

At this moment, Luo Yue shook her head.

"What's wrong?"

Lin Xiu was a little curious.

"Dark Planet, I want to go, Dark Planet."

Luo Yue looked at Lin Xiu.

Dark planet!?

Lin Xiu seemed to have thought of something at this moment and slapped himself on the forehead suddenly.

"Oh right, I almost forgot."

"Your father asked me to go to the dark planet to find your brother."

It was only then that Lin Xiu remembered this matter.

"Father told you?"

There was also a hint of surprise in Luo Yue's eyes.

"Um."

"Wait, City Lord Lin, you said, you want to go to the dark planet?"

Pang Tong was originally helping Lin Xiu find the cosmic coordinates of the earth, but when he heard Lin Xiu and Luo Yue's words, he immediately stopped moving.

"En, that's right."

Seeing Pang Tong's surprised expression, Lin Xiu was also a little curious.

Dark planet, is there anything?

"You cannot be teleported there."

Pang Tong shook his head.

"Can't be teleported?"

Lin Xiu raised his brows immediately.

"Well, the dark planet, something happened before, it has been completely sealed."

"Just one God king won't be able to break the seal."

Pang Tong nodded slightly.

"When did this happen?"

"Just last month."

Pang Tong returned.

If it is sealed, how can I get there?

"Then what can be done?"

Lin Xiu frowned.

Before, I promised to find Luo Yue's brother, and now I can't back down.

"If I have to go, what can I do?"

"There are two ways."

Pang Tong raised two fingers.

"First, gather the power of at least five god kings to break the seal collectively."

"What about the second?"

Lin Xiu said directly.

His own strength has not yet reached the level of a real god king.

It is impossible to gather five people.

"An artifact, the Spatial Magic Cube."

At this time, Pang Tong said slowly.

"Spatial Magic Cube?"

Lin Xiu was taken aback. He had never heard of this thing.

"We still think of other ways."

Luo Yue said directly at this time.

She seems to know something.

"Luo Yue, do you know something?"

Lin Xiu looked at Luo Yue at this moment, his eyes were full of curiosity.

Because according to Luo Yue's reaction, it is obvious that she knows about the Spatial Magic Cube.

It's just that Luo Yue's face is hesitant at this time as if she doesn't want to tell Lin Xiu.

"Pang Tong."

"Tell me."

Lin Xiu looked at him and said lightly.

"God Battle List."

Pang Tong hesitated for a moment but still spoke.

"God battle list?"

Lin Xiu was taken aback.

"The God Warrior Realm, the ranking list of the God warriors in the Nine Continents."

Lin Xiu continued to talk to Pang Tong.

"Of course, the Spatial Magic Cube is an artifact that can break through space at will and directly "All warriors under the god king can participate."

"The reward for first place is the Spatial Magic Cube."

Pang Tong continued to speak.

"Luo Yue, I remember that you also participated in this god battle list before, right?"

Lin Xiu looked at Luo Yue at this moment.

"Um."

She participated in it before and ranked 310th.

"Don't go there."

Luo Yue seemed to think of something at this moment.

"It's very dangerous there."

"Is it also a battle of life and death?"

Lin Xiu said curiously.

"That's right, after participating in the ranking of the god battle list, you can only get off the stage if you win." Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Pang Tong nodded.

"With the Spatial Magic Cube, can we directly enter the dark planet?"

Lin Xiu continued to talk to Pang Tong.

"Of course, the Spatial Magic Cube is an artifact that can break through space at will and directly connect to any planet."

When Pang Tong said this, there was a yearning in his eyes.

"Currently ranked first is Long Xingtian. If no one succeeds in the challenge, at the end of next month, when the ranking of God Battle list ends, the Spatial Magic Cube will be his."

"This person is very strong, there is no need."

Luo Yue frowned, showing such a rare look.

"Have you seen it before?"

Lin Xiu was extremely curious.

"Well, there was a warrior who was one step away from the god king, and he killed him."

Luo Yue saw it when she participated in the ranking competition of the God Battle List.

That kind of strength is almost comparable to the existence of a god king.

"At the end of next month..."

The look in Lin Xiu's eyes at this time also fluctuated.

"Then I'll get it next month, at the end of the month."

The corner of Lin Xiu's mouth curled up.

Luo Yue frowned slightly, and there was a hint of worry in her eyes.

"Don't worry, trust me."

Lin Xiu held Luo Yue's hand.

"Let's go, let's go back to Lingxian City first."

At the same time, Mr. Pang and Lei Tong in Lingxian City were rebuilding Lingxian City.

Lei Tong seems to have researched a lot of useful things, and is transforming Lingxian City into a stronger one.

"who!?"

At this moment, Lei Tong clearly sensed something, and his face suddenly changed.

Whoosh—

A saber flew into his hand.

"Lei Tong."

Just when he was holding the saber and pointing at the back, he clearly saw the figures of Lin Xiu and Luo Yue.

"City Lord!?"

He opened his eyes wide, and his eyes were full of surprise.

"What's going on... City Lord!?"

"You're back!?"

Mr. Pang also clearly heard the voice from the backyard, and when he looked carefully, it was Lin Xiu!

"Is this the city you manage?"

Luo Yue stood by the courtyard and took a deep breath.

The surrounding air smells very good, full of the aroma of earth.

Although the energy in the air is not as strong as that over there, it still made one feel very comfortable.

"En, it feels good."

Lin Xiu smiled.

"What's this..."

At this time, Luo Yue clearly saw the rolling giant egg in the backyard, and Xiao Bai who had turned into an ice sculpture.

"Xiaobai and Rollie, it seems that they are about to evolve."

Lin Xiu looked at this scene and immediately smiled.

Luo Yue nodded cutely.

Looking at these two evolved beasts that seemed to be in a dormant state, she was curious.

There was still more than a month until the end of the God Battle Ranking.

The time should be enough.

In the following days, Lin Xiu took out all the things he had obtained in the ruins of Tianmen City.

If it is useful, he would carry out the engulfing.

On this day, Lin Xiu was frantically slaughtering a large number of god-level evolved beasts.

But even killing a god-level evolved beast would bring too little experience.

"After so many days of killing, the experience progress bar has only reached 17%."

After Lin Xiu killed the last god-level evolved beast, he looked at his experience progress bar and was speechless.

The god-level evolved beasts in this area were completely gone.

The rest of the evolved beasts seemed to sense their aura, and as soon as they approached, they all scattered like birds and beasts.