Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1419  God Battle List

This place was where most god-level evolved beasts gathered together.

He has already killed most of them around him.

However, he still didn't get much EXP from the killing.

The only thing that he could do to absorb the Flame of Chaos.

However, the Flame of Chaos was something that even the God Kings wouldn't want to get close to. Although he had been lucky, Lin Xiu still felt that he might die if he came in contact with it.

Plus, the God Battle List was about to start.

By then, the Spatial Magic Cube will go to someone else.

"Let's find another way then."

Luo Yue stood next to Lin Xiu as she gave another suggestion.

"No! I have to get that cube."

Lin Xiu shook his head.

He never knew about it previously but now that he knows what it was, Lin Xiu had to get his hands on it.

It was dangerous for them to return to earth now. If any warriors of a higher grade decided to come to earth, one warrior itself would be able to completely destroy the planet.

Lin Xiu already thought about it carefully. Once they head back to earth, he will then seal the entrance leading to the planet so that no one else would be able to break in.

With the Spatial Magic Cube with him, the earth would relatively be safe.

"Damn it..."

At the same time, on another part of Warrior God Realm.

An Tiancheng was crawling onto his feet.

Back then, when he broke the space and escaped, he felt as if he had trapped himself inside the space.

He almost couldn't get out of it.

Now, An Tiancheng still had multiple injuries that have not recovered.

He could only hide here and try to heal as quickly as possible.

But, Lin Xiu's Netherworld Flame was incredibly terrifying.

Therefore, there was a problem with its recovery.

"Tsk tsk…..how did the sect master of the Royal Beast Sect end up in such a sorry state?"

Suddenly, a voice appeared from behind.

"Who are you?!"

An Tiancheng's expression changed when he heard the voice and instantly became cautious.

He also started gathering the energy that was left in his body.

Then, there was a man who walked out of the shadows.

"Huangfu Yuanshen."

When An Tiancheng saw who it was, his pupil shrank subconsciously.

"Why are you here?!"

Huangfu Yuanshen was also a god king.

However, he has been out travelling and has disappeared for a very long time.

He didn't think that he would meet Huangpu Yuanshen here.

But, it would never be good news when both God Kings meet.

"Don't worry. I'm not here to trouble you."

Huangfu Yuanshen quickly reassured An Tiancheng.

An Tiancheng frowned as he had no idea what was happening.

"Then..."

"Didn't you almost get killed and escape here?"

Huangfu Yuansheng smiled.

"I did not escape!"

An Tiancheng looked pissed when he heard what Huangfu Yuanshen said.

"Just a strategic retreat?"

Yuanfu Yuanshen chuckled.

"Moving one. I won't be joking with you this time. I want you to defeat him with me."

Huangfu Yuanshen finally told what he was here for.

"You're enemies with him?"

An Tiancheng was a little stunned at first.

"He killed a dozen people from my family."

Huangfu Yuanshen spoke in a low tone.

Plus, this boy also destroyed the faith and trust that the people had for them in the other planets.

Well, none of these were the actual reasons...

"Other than you, I still need to gather a few more God Kings."

Huangfu Yuanshen continued.

"Two of us would be enough to kill him!"

An Tiancheng sneered.

"No. He's not an ordinary man."

Huangfu Yuansheng had a serious look on his face.

"Not an ordinary man?!"

An Tiancheng hesitated for a moment before walking out with him.

An Tiancheng was surprised to hear this but he didn't understand why.

"You will know about it in the future. Just follow me."

Huangfu Yuanshen turned around and was about to leave.

An Tiancheng hesitated for a moment before walking out with him.

"Damn it!!!"

Anlan Sect.

There was a woman who looked furious as she slammed the table next to her into a million pieces. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"Master, please calm down. There's no need to be so angry for a wrench like her."

The vicious looking woman from the Warrior God Realm quickly spoke.

"Her marriage has already been decided and she's not allowed to leave!"

The woman took a deep breath, trying to calm herself down.

"Give them my command to capture Luo Yue immediately!!!"

"Don't keep the Hetian God King waiting for too long!"

The other woman who had a vicious look on her face quickly nodded her head, "I will start looking for her now immediately."

"Bring along the law enforcement team with you and bring her back!"

After hearing what her master said, the woman was delighted.

With the help of the law enforcement team, Luo Yue will definitely be captured as soon as they find her!

Time passed quickly and it was already the last day for the sign up of the God Battle List.

Early in the morning, Lin Xiu had already arrived at the arena.

This was because in order to enter the arena, one would have to fight ten continuous battles. If they have not participated in any fights or have declined any challenges for a month, their names would be removed.

"I would like to participate in the ranks."

Lin Xiu told the staff in charge at the counter.

"En."

The staff nodded his head and typed away on the keyboard. Then, there was a special machine that started scanning Lin Xiu's body.

As the light shone on Lin Xuiu's body, all of his information appeared on the screen above.

All the data from the entire realm has been linked to the computers here and as long as they were normal peasants, all of their data would be shown.

"This is your card."

Soon, the staff passed the access card over to Lin Xiu.

"Alright. Thank you."

This staff seemed polite.

Lin Xiu took the card from him and walked into the area and was stopped when a unique barrier appeared before him.

Lin Xiu took out the card and swiped it. Soon, he was allowed to walk through the barrier.

"Kill! Kill! Kill!"

"Get him!!"

As he walked through the barrier, Lin Xiu found himself in another world.

The place was packed with people inside an arena that looked like a huge football stadium and they were all cheering and chanting.

The arena was enormous and there was a huge ring in the centre.

There were also several smaller ones that surrounded it.

According to the rules, Lin Xiu only had to jump onto one of them, place the card on the machine and he would be able to challenge whoever he wanted.

As for his challenger, they would also be able to accept his challenge by placing their cards on the machine.

Lin Xiu then found one that was not occupied and jumped onto it.

As soon as he placed the card on the machine, he could see that his ranks were '9999+'

The highest rank that Lin Xiu could challenge now was the warrior ranked 10001th and would only be able to challenge warriors of the higher ranks after defeating his opponents.

Lin Xiu did not hesitate and quickly picked his challenge!