Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1424  Long Yingtian

Dark edge!

Lin Xiu's spear was right in front of Jiang Luo's eyes!

Boom – –

Jiang Luo then caught the tip of the spear with his bare hands!

His hands instantly came into contact with the Netherworld's Flames that were at the tip of the spear.

Such terrifying flames instantly burnt his hands to the bones!

"Ahhhhhh!!!!"

He clenched his jaw and his eyes were filled with fear.

His body has been rebuilt multiple times and it was incredibly tough.

It also has a certain resistance towards fire. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

However, he didn't think that Lin Xiu's flames could be so scary.

At the same time, he could feel the pain that was coming from his soul. This flame burnt souls too!

Then, he could no longer stand it any longer. He let go of the spear and the tip of it went straight through his body.

Boom – –

Instantly, there was a bloody hole in his chest!

"This is impossible! Impossible!"

Jiang Luo thought that this was unbelievable. He couldn't believe what had just happened.

Jiang Luo was someone who had the chance of being a God King but he died under Lin Xiu's spear.

Boom – –

Then, Lin Xiu pulled out his spear from the man's body.

Fresh red blood splattered all over the place.

"Jiang Luo is dead."

The rest of the warriors around were incredibly stunned.

They looked at Lin Xiu as if they were looking at a monster.

Lin Xiu was someone incredibly powerful, to the extent that he was now scary.

"He's going for the 15th!"

Some of them already saw Lin Xiu's next move.

They were still those who were still shocked.

How long has it been?! From the moment he started, he had already leaped ahead to the 30th spot.

He was still going to challenge the one ranked 15th!

"Looks like he's about to challenge Long Yingtian."

The rest of the warriors had hairs on ends as they thought about it.

It has been a long time since anyone had the guts to challenge Long Yingtian.

It was obvious that this man here was going after the first place!

"Lin Xiu. Who is this man called Lin Xiu?"

Chen Xian was asking her own sister.

She finally felt scared. She was merely at 75th and she wanted to fight this man.

It was her elder sister who stopped her.

If she didn't, Chen Xian would be the one who ended up dead.

"Zhang Tianxian, the warrior ranked 15th, has rejected the challenge?!"

The rest of the audience went into an uproar.

Lin Xiu had already chosen his next opponent to be Zhang Tianxian.

However, Zhang Tianxian rejected the fight and did not get into the ring!

"Hmm?"

Lin Xiu who was inside the ring frowned instead.

He didn't think that a warrior ranked 15th would reject the challenge.

From the start, he had accumulated 22% on his progress bar.

If he got to kill the warrior placed 15th, he would be able to gain even more experience.

However, Lin Xiu didn't think that the other man would reject it.

Then, the next person that he shall face was Long Yingtian.

By winning Long Yingtian, he would be able to get first place and by tonight, he would be able to get the Spatial Card.

Lin Xiu did not hesitate and clicked on the screen next to him.

Soon, he picked Long Yingtian as his next opponent!

"He's finally here to get himself killed."

Long Yingtian felt his card vibrating and soon a cold smile appeared on his face.

He took out his card and transferred his energy over to the card.

As a bright light appeared, his entire body was completely consumed by it.

"Long Yingtian accepted the challenge!!!"

The rest of the audience rose into an uproar.

Lin Xiu's body was also covered with a bright light.

Hmm?

When this happened, Lin Xiu looked surprised.

This bright light seemed to have appeared from the card.

Was he about to be transported as well?

Lin Xiu was stunned and soon, his body appeared on the largest ring found in the arena.

All of the spectators came along and were cheering on top of their lungs.

Warriors from the entire Warrior God Realm were here to watch the fight.

Long Yingtian slowly appeared as well.

"I would have never thought that there would be anyone else who would challenge me."

Long Yingtian's body soon appeared in the ring as well.

He was dressed in gold armour with a black machete.

There were also a pair of eyes on the machete.

Those eyes seemed to be alive as they were moving around.

"So, I would be first if I kill you?"

Long Yingtian ignored him and spoke back in a cold tone.

"Well, it would only happen if you could kill me."

With that said, his body appeared right in front of Lin Xiu!

Such speed!

The rest of the warriors were shocked.

Lin Xiu's body had been chopped into two halves!

"Is he….dead?"

Some warriors got so excited that they got on their feet.

Lin Xiu, who had been undefeatable from the beginning, was killed with just one slice from Long Yingtian?

Long Yingtian was indeed the strongest warrior alive!

However, there were four 'Lin Xiu's that appeared all over the stage.

"These are useless."

Long Yingtian noticed what Lin Xiu had done and released the energy in his body as well.

The strong energy caused a terrifying air current.

These air currents were like sharp needles in the air and three of the Lin Xiu's dissipated into particles.

As for the true Lin Xiu, he had both arms in front of his face as he frowned.

Long Yingtian was indeed someone powerful.

As he felt the pressure from his opponent, Lin Xiu was starting to feel excited as well.

The opponents that he faced earlier were too weak and the progress that he got was too little.

But, Long Yingtian was powerful and it got Lin Xiu excited.

If Lin Xiu got to kill him, he would be able to gain a lot of EXP.

Once he got to level 75, there would be a tremendous improvement.

"You don't seem to be afraid of me."

Long Yingtian looked at Lin Xiu and he chuckled.

Long Yingtian was known as the best amongst the God Kings and it has been a long time since anyone had challenged him.

But, not only did this man dared to challenge him, he even looked like he enjoyed the fight.

He…. really does not know what's coming at him.

Then, there were large lightning bolts that appeared all over Lin Xiu's spear.

He raised his spear into the air!

Thunder – –

The entire sky looked as if there was a huge storm coming.

There were thick light bolts that came shooting from the sky!