Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1425  Capture Luo Yue!

Those terrifying lightning bolts struck Long Yingtian's body continuously.

But Long Yingtian didn't seem to have suffered any harm.

This guy is so resistant to electric attributes?

Lin Xiu looked at this scene with surprise in his eyes.

At this moment, Long Yingtian stretched out his left hand.

The lightning power released by Lin Xiu rushed directly into his palm.

It immediately gathered into a huge lightning ball!

At the next moment, following his slap with his left palm, the terrifying lightning ball directly charged toward Lin Xiu!

The impact was so fast that Lin Xiu seemed unable to dodge it.

He can only resist with his Dark edge spear.

Boom——

As soon as the lightning ball collided with the body of the Dark edge spear, it exploded immediately.

It formed an extremely terrifying lightning, and spread across Lin Xiu's whole body in an instant!

But similarly, Lin Xiu wasn't affected by the current either.

"interesting."

Looking at this scene, Long Yingtian suddenly sneered.

"Long Yingtian, right?"

The corner of Lin Xiu's mouth curled up.

"Your number one, I want it."

As soon as the words fell, Lin Xiu's figure instantly disappeared!

At the same time, in Lingxian City, in the backyard of the City Lord's Mansion, Luo Yue was sitting on the spot, cross-legged and practicing.

Orchid of Heaven. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Lin Xiu had already handed the Orchid of Heaven to Luo Yue.

And Luo Yue, at this time, also took Orchid of Heaven.

At this time, he was absorbing the power of Orchid of Heaven.

This progress was very slow, Luo Yue absorbed it for several days.

Huh——

At this moment, Luo Yue slowly opened her eyes. She could feel that the power of the Orchid of Heaven had been completely absorbed by her body.

The after-effects are also clearly felt as if they have been cured.

Boom——

At this moment, there was an extremely loud sound in the sky.

What just happened?

Luo Yue frowned slightly.

"Activate the energy barrier!"

At this time, Lei Tong also clearly sensed something and directly activated the energy barrier.

Under his transformation, the current energy barrier has become stronger, and the speed of activation is also faster!

The moment the energy barrier was activated, a large number of fighters in white battle uniforms appeared in the sky.

"Luo Yue, it's right below!"

Standing high in the sky, the bitter and mean woman from before clearly saw the figure of Luo Yue in the courtyard of the City Lord's Mansion below.

Her eyes were full of sarcasm.

"Do you think you can escape?"

At this moment, she looked at the 30 members of the law enforcement team who followed her, and said immediately, "Take her back!"

Those members of the law enforcement team frantically attacked the energy barrier as soon as they moved!

Boom, boom, boom——

Following their attack, there were extremely loud noises.

At this moment, the unfolded energy barrier began to vibrate.

"Damn..."

Looking at this scene, Lei Tong couldn't help clenching his teeth.

Although the energy barrier system has been improved and become more powerful, it still cannot withstand the attacks of so many God warriors!

Thirty God warriors moved towards the same position, unleashing powerful skills to attack.

Soon, as the energy barrier not only vibrated, a crack began to slowly appear in the direction they attacked.

When Luo Yue saw this scene, the look in her eyes changed slightly.

In the next moment, her figure flew up into the sky.

"Oops!"

Lei Tong watched Luo Yue fly into the sky, and the pupils in his eyes shrank slightly.

He quickly took out his communicator and wanted to contact Lin Xiu.

But Lin Xiu, now in the God Battle List battlefield, can't be contacted at all!

"Coming out by yourself!?"

Seeing Luo Yuefei's figure approaching, this woman who looked very bitter and mean suddenly showed a sneer.

At this moment, Luo Yue's figure just flew out from the energy barrier on the other side.

The long thin-winged sword in her hand slashed toward the members of the law enforcement team!

Whoosh whoosh——

At this moment, waves of terrifying sword energy directly charged toward them!

"Zhang Linlin."

Looking at the figure of the sour woman, Luo Yue's face also turned cold.

"Get her!!!"

With a cold face, she shouted.

Those God warriors of the Law Enforcement Team directly unfolded their 'Sphere' to block Luo Yue's sword energy impact.

At this time, the rest of the fighters surrounded Luo Yue.

After absorbing the energy of Orchid of Heaven and eliminating the sequelae, Luo Yue's strength at this time increased a lot.

Facing the siege of these 30 God warriors of the law enforcement team, for a while, they fought back and forth.

"I want to see how capable you are!"

Zhang Linlin's face became grim.

Since Luo Yue came to the sect, she has become very important because of her strong talent, and her appearance and temperament are amazing.

This made Zhang Linlin very upset.

At this time, while Luo Yue was fighting with the law enforcement team in the sky, Lei Tong below was also very anxious.

This is Lin Xiu's wife.

If something happened to her, he would not be able to forgive him for a long time.

Kala Kala——

At this moment, a slight sound came from the side.

"Huh?"

Lei Tong was startled, and then subconsciously looked to the side.

Impressively, he saw the huge ice sculpture, and at this moment, a large number of cracks appeared.

It's not just the ice sculpture, the huge egg next to it, and the patterns on it, also lit up at this time.

This is...

Snapped--

Just as Lei Tong was surprised, the ice sculpture burst open.

Xiaobai's figure flew out of the ice sculpture!

There was a scream.

The ice crystals on its body became even more dazzling at this time.

It seems to be full of extremely strong power.

Kala Kala——

That huge one kept making clear and crisp sounds.

Soon, Rollie, also jumped out of the eggshell.

It seems that he has endured it for a long time, but now he looks very happy.

Although Rollie's body didn't change much, standing here, Lei Tong felt a strong aura coming out.

Lin Xiu's pets are all awake?

At this moment, Xiaobai looked up at Luo Yue who was fighting in the sky and flew up directly.

"Luo...Luo Yue?"

Rolling like a round white snowball, a pair of swarthy eyes looked at Luo Yue fighting in the sky, and spoke in a child-like voice.

In the next moment, it opened its mouth wide and directly took out a huge war hammer.

It flew towards the sky!

Lei Tong was also dumbfounded when he saw this scene.