Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1431  Powerful Water Attribute Power

"Where is she."

Hearing Ling Tianxi's words, Lin Xiu's eyes also changed slightly.

"You don't have to know."

Ling Tianxi said lightly.

"Because you are going to die here!"

As soon as her words fell, the next moment, when she moved, the space next to her was instantly torn open!

Reaching out into the broken space, she directly took out a long sword!

Holding the long sword in her hand, she swiped in the air!

A very strong sword energy immediately rushed toward Lin Xiu!

"Hng!"

Looking at this scene, Lin Xiu snorted coldly.

Holding the Dark Edge spear filled with dark blue flames in both hands, he directly resisted the terrifying sword energy.

At this time, Lin Xiu's body was also pushed to the back.

Ling Tianxi's figure flashed and she appeared in front of Lin Xiu in an instant. Holding the sharp long sword in her hand, she slashed toward Lin Xiu's body!

Dang--

Lin Xiu's reaction speed was very fast. He held the long spear in both hands and he blocked it by raising his hand.

The scorching heat generated by the terrifying flames was directly transmitted to the long sword in her hand.

Hng!

Ling Tianxi snorted coldly at this moment and a strong icy breath came from his body.

It made Lin Xiu feel a chill from his long spear.

Such a strong icy breath!

Feeling all this, Lin Xiu's eyes were also full of surprise.

At this time, Lin Xiu shook her away with both hands and at the same time, the spear in his hand stabbed her frantically!

Whoosh whoosh——

There were also crackling sounds in the air.

However, Ling Tianxi's figure kept dodging at this moment and Lin Xiu couldn't hit her body!

Damn it!

This woman's strength was indeed a bit beyond Lin Xiu's imagination.

"With this little strength, you still dare to break into the Hetian Divine Domain huh."

Ling Tianxi sneered at this moment.

At this time, many ice crystals began to condense in the surrounding air.

These ice crystals instantly condensed into a large number of long swords.

In the next moment. Directly charged toward Lin Xiu who not only attacked Ling Tianxi!

Whoosh whoosh——

These ice crystal long swords pierced very fast, as if there were loud cracking sounds.

Lin Xiu seems to be attacking Ling Tianxi crazily now and he doesn't seem to want to dodge at all!

In the next moment, Lin Xiu's body was pierced through by those ice crystals.

Fake!

But Ling Tianxi, who is a god king, clearly felt all of this and looked back at this moment.

All four figures of Lin Xiu appeared in the back the next second.

"Small tricks."

Ling Tianxi said coldly.

At this time, the long sword in her right hand was raised high.

In the next moment, a large amount of water came from around, flying towards this side.

Soon, they converged to the side of the long sword, then slowly turned into a huge water dragon!

The ability to control water attribute and ice attribute power is very powerful!

"go!"

As she slashed out with a sword, at the next moment, this huge water dragon charged toward Lin Xiu!

"Hng!"

Lin Xiu's face was ice-cold at this time and the dark blue flame in his hand slowly transformed into a faint blue flame!

'Profound Intent: Awe of the Phoenix'!

With a wave of the spear in Lin Xiu's hand, a series of extremely terrifying dark blue flaming birds rushed out in an instant.

It directly gathered into a huge flame and crazily rushed towards the water dragon!

But this water dragon actually... hit Lin Xiu's flame phoenix so badly that it was about to be extinguished!

This is impossible!

Looking at this scene, Lin Xiu's eyes were full of disbelief.

His flame was the Netherworld flame, yet it couldn't flush out her water dragon!

The water from the water dragon evaporated a lot, but it still charged toward Lin Xiu!

Lin Xiu looked at this scene, moved his body and instantly disappeared in place using the Flashing Soul Movement Technique.

And the other three 'Lin Xiu' have already continued to attack Ling Tianxi!

"Get lost."

Ling Tianxi looked at the three 'Lin Xiu' who were attacking and said a word lightly.

Boom——

An extremely powerful force erupted directly from her body.

Shattered the three clones of Lin Xiu into countless particles.

Crackling——

At that very moment, terrifying thunderbolts struck her body from the sky.

Although the lightning did not cause her too much damage, her hair was scorched black all of a sudden. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

"Courting death!"

Ling Tianxi's face was extremely ugly and her eyes were full of killing intent.

At this moment, she noticed a dazzling light covering her surroundings.

[Purification Domain]!

"Lend me your strength!"

Lin Xiu, who appeared in front of her, immediately used the 'Source strength control' skill!

With the release of the source strength control skill, the surrounding air and even any creatures containing source strength, surged directly toward Lin Xiu!

What is happening?!

Ling Tianxi also clearly felt that the source strength from her body was being drawn away quickly and her eyes were full of shock.

But after all, she is a god king. As long as she was stable, she can take back all the source strength of her body, so that there is no way for her source strength to be lost.

As a large amount of source strength flew towards Lin Xiu's body, at this time Lin Xiu also clearly felt that his whole body was filled with incomparably surging source force fluctuations.

"This is..."

At the same time, in the room of the main hall over there, Luo Yue, who was restrained by Ling Tianxi's source strength rope and unable to move, clearly felt that the source strength rope was disappearing.

The expression in Luo Yue's eyes changed slightly and as soon as her body exerted force, the source strength rope disappeared immediately.

With a wave of her right hand, the long sword with thin wings in the corner flew directly into her hand.

"Miss Luo..."

Seeing this scene, the maids around were about to stop Luo Yue's movements.

But soon, ice cubes appeared under their feet, freezing their feet and making them unable to move at all.

At this time, Luo Yue didn't hesitate at all and flew out directly to the front!

"This kid..."

Ling Tianxi looked at Lin Xiu here and his eyes were full of disbelief.

At this time, Lin Xiu's body seemed to gather a lot of energy.

At this time, Lin Xiu not only absorbed the surrounding source strength, but also his body strength began to become stronger due to the continuous improvement of the source force!

"Die!"

Ling Tianxi's face was gloomy and a purple source mark appeared on his forehead.

At the next moment, a large number of huge ice picks charged towards Lin Xiu!

"Get lost!!!"

Lin Xiu looked at the ice picks that were coming towards him and immediately roared angrily.

The source strength of the body exploded directly!

Boom——

These ice picks were all shattered!

Even the surrounding space seemed to have been shaken to the point that cracks in space appeared!