Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1432  Weak Water

What a powerful source of fluctuations!

At this moment, Ling Tianxi's expression became sinister.

Whoosh—

At this time, a dazzling white light burst out from Lin Xiu's body again.

A special pattern is formed, blooming below.

'Heavenly Array'!

Lin Xiu has already used the 'Reset' skill directly!

After resetting, use 'Heavenly Array' and 'Fury' again!

Coupled with the 'Source Strength Control' skill just now, Lin Xiu's current strength has rapidly increased.

"Courting death!"

Ling Tianxi saw that Lin Xiu's strength was getting stronger and stronger and his expression became extremely ugly at this moment.

As soon as she moved, she teleported in front of Lin Xiu!

Holding the long sword in his hand, he slashed toward Lin Xiu frantically!

Dangdangdang——

Lin Xiu was holding a long spear in both hands at this time and instead of resisting, he attacked instead.

The long sword and Lin Xiu's spear collided with each other and there were loud sounds.

A large number of sparks sputtered out continuously.

Why did this kid's strength suddenly become so much stronger!

As the battle between the two became intense, Ling Tianxi's face became even uglier.

Moreover, Lin Xiu held a long spear in both hands and the burst of power was much stronger than her single-handed sword!

In this battle, she wanted to rely on the flexibility of her long sword to fight, but Lin Xiu didn't give her a chance at all.

Whoosh whoosh——

At this time, the long spear continued to stab, like thousands of cold rays rushing over!

Dangdangdang——

Ling Tianxi held the long sword in her hand and danced it wildly, blocking Lin Xiu's attacks.

Boom——

At this moment, the spear burst into flames again.

The moment Ling Tianxi was sent flying, the spear in his hand was raised immediately.

Those faint blue flames all burst into the sky at this moment!

"Lingtian God King!"

At the same time, the Noble gods of Hetian Divine Domain rushed over first!

"Ask your Hetian God King to come out, you guys are not his match!"

Ling Tianxi said with a gloomy face.

At this moment, the flames of the spear in Lin Xiu's hand continuously burst into the sky. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Soon, Ling Tianxi and the gods in the Hetian Divine Domain could clearly see that the sky in the Hetian Divine Domain had turned into a sea of flames!

It's all faint blue flames!

These flames not only make everyone feel that the temperature has become extremely high, but also have a weird feeling.

"Netherworld flame!?"

Seeing this scene, some Noble gods of Hetian Divine Domain immediately exclaimed.

Netherworld flame!

Lin Xiu had absorbed the power of the Netherworld Flame and was able to release this terrifying flame!

'Profound Intent·Fire Refining Starlit Sky'!!!

At this time, with the release of Lin Xiu's skill power, the Netherworld Flame in the sky suddenly formed a series of huge flaming meteorites, rushing toward them!

"Get out of the way!"

Watching this scene, the expressions in the eyes of these Noble gods changed drastically.

Quickly wanted to dodge.

And some people who didn't have time to dodge also launched their own 'Sphere' to resist this terrifying flame meteorite.

Boom——

Some huge flaming meteorites directly collided with the 'Sphere' unfolded by some gods and an extremely loud sound erupted immediately.

At this moment, the entire body of the Noble god was directly pressed to the ground below by the powerful impact.

Immediately, the flame exploded.

The faint blue flame directly burned and melted the Noble god's 'Sphere'.

Those flames instantly burned his body.

Immediately, wailing and screaming continued.

"It's just a Netherworld Flame."

At this moment, Ling Tianxi sneered when she saw the huge ball of flames coming down.

Around her body, a large amount of water burst out.

It directly blocked the flame ball!

After the flame ball touched the water she released, it disappeared instantly.

It was as if it had been extinguished.

What's going on!?

Lin Xiu obviously noticed this scene and immediately frowned.

It was the same with the water dragon just now, his flames were extinguished.

What he released this time was the Netherworld Flame!

Among the many terrifying flames in the God warrior Realm, it was ranked in the top ten.

"She uses weak water."

At this time, a familiar voice suddenly came from behind.

Lin Xiu's eyes widened at this time and when he turned around abruptly, he saw Luo Yue appearing behind him!

"Are you all right?"

Lin Xiu held Luo Yue's hand at this moment and said with concern.

Luo Yue nodded her head.

"You were actually let out."

Looking at this scene, Ling Tianxi's face became extremely ugly.

"careful!"

At this time, Ling Tianxi waved his right hand and a jet of water directly formed an arrow-like shape and charged directly toward Lin Xiu!

Lin Xiu also clearly felt this situation and separated from Luo Yue in an instant.

"Catch her!"

Ling Tianxi also immediately spoke out at this time.

The Noble gods also came to their senses at this time and quickly rushed toward Luo Yue.

Now it's obvious to them that the other party came for Luo Yue.

As long as Luo Yue is caught, there is a way to make Lin Xiu submit!

At the same time, Lin Xiu also dodged the impact of the arrow-shaped water column.

With a backhand swing of the Dark Edge spear in his hand, a series of faint blue flaming birds immediately rushed toward Ling Tianxi!

Ling Tianxi looked at Lin Xiu's flames without panicking.

With a wave of her left hand, a large amount of water appeared, forming a 'Sphere' like water curtain covering the whole body.

Those flaming birds were extinguished immediately when they hit the 'Sphere' formed by the water!

At this moment, Lin Xiu frowned.

Weak water.

Luo Yue said that this woman uses weak water!

According to ancient mythology, weak water is the water of the Milky Way, where even a goose feather cannot float and a flying bird cannot pass through.

Does this kind of water really exist?

And she absorbed the original power of this weak water to transform it into source strength.

Damn!

This was really the nemesis of Lin Xiu's flame.

Lin Xiu had no choice and he did not continue to use the flame energy at this time.

The flames of the entire spear body disappeared and instead, the entire spear body was covered with the electric current!

At this time, Lin Xiu directly used the Flashing Souls technique and instantly moved in front of Ling Tianxi and stabbed at Ling Tianxi with the spear he was holding!

But Ling Tianxi's body has a 'Sphere' formed by water.

At this moment, the long spear pierced through it, and the power of the spearhead was instantly greatly reduced.

This caused the speed of the spear to slow down significantly!

Not good!

At this time, the pupils in Lin Xiu's eyes shrank slightly.

Ling Tianxi revealed a sinister look and the long sword in her hand directly stabbed out!