Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1433  Four Warrior Gods!

Go to hell!

Her sword was placed to the side and she slowly draw a 'circle' in the air before stabbing into Lin Xiu's chest.

As she thrusted her sword into Lin Xiu's chest, she noticed that this was just a figure! It was fake!

Boom – –

Following that, there was a soft groan as Lin Xiu's body slowly disappeared into thin air.

Ling Tianxi's face turned gloomy.

As a God King, she had just been tricked by Lin Xiu!

"This person is indeed powerful."

The real 'Lin Xiu' was on the other side with his brow furrowed.

If it wasn't because he used 'Mirror Image', he might have been in danger.

This woman had the ability to greatly reduce the strength of her opponent's weapon and all electric currents would be cut off.

The only element that he had left was the ice element…..

Or the dark element.

Huuuu~

After taking a deep breath, there were large amounts of dark particles that appeared all over Lin Xiu's body.

"Hmm?"

The look on Ling Tianxi's face changed drastically when she saw what happened.

Dark energy?!

These energies were the most mysterious.

If they weren't pure dark energy elements, the effects of it would not be that powerful.

However, most warriors would not use dark energy if they were not pure.

She had once witnessed the purest dark energy and they were incredibly scary.

As for Luo Yue, she was fighting the other warriors.

Luo Yue's abilities were incredibly powerful.

If it wasn't because Lin Xiu had an additional system to assist him, Luo Yue would have been the true genius.

She was fighting more than one warrior and she did not seem to be in a difficult spot.

When they first got here, Rollie and Little Bai were told to hide in the corner under Lin Xiu's commands but they had now joined the battle as well.

They were helping Luo Yue side by side.

As for the other warriors, they were also really powerful.

Even with Little Bai and Rollie helping her, things still weren't looking great.

Allowing this to continue would not be the best choice.

[Exotic Summon!]

Then, there was a huge gap that appeared in the space above them.

There was a huge demon that appeared from inside the gap and was rushing at their opponents. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

With Lin Xiu controlling it, the demon rushed towards Luo Yue!

This was a terrifying demon from the other dimension and with its help, it made it easier for Luo Yue.

It finally looked like they had the upper hand.

"You're from the Dark Planet?!"

Seeing how Lin Xiu was able to summon demons from another dimension, Ling Tianxi had a bad feeling about it.

If they were really from the Dark Planet...

Hmm?

Lin Xiu frowned when he heard what Ling Tianxi was saying.

He clearly noticed that there was fear in her eyes.

Could it be that the Dark Planet is incredibly powerful too?

Lin Xiu did not have the time to think about it now. He grabbed his spear and dashed toward Ling Tianxi!

The entire spear was filled with dark energy.

Ling Tianxi looked at Lin Xiu who was rushing toward her and released the waters once again.

There was a wall formed, trying to stop Lin Xiu's attack.

Lin Xiu then activated the Heart of Frost.

Then, there was a bone-piercing chilling aura that was released.

The wall instantly turned into ice!

Crap!

Ling Tianxi didn't think that Lin Xiu could still use the ice element!

Plus, Lin Xiu obviously had great control over the ice element and they seem overpowering.

If it wasn't because they were powerful, it would be impossible for him to turn the water into ice.

Bakk – –

Then, a spear covered with dark energy suddenly pierced through the water wall that had been frozen.

The spear was about to pierce through Ling Tianxi's body.

She then stopped it with her long sword.

Clang – –

However, the huge impact from it caused Ling Tianxi to take a few steps backwards.

Plus, there was some dark energy that got transferred over to her long sword and soon crawled up her arms as well.

Damn it!

Ling Tianxi knew what was going on.

She controlled it with her mind and tried to shake away the dark energy.

However, she soon realised that this was impossible.

As the dark energy crawled up her arm, she instantly felt uncomfortable.

What was this?!

She had a horrible look on her face.

Then, Lin Xiu continued attacking her with the spear covered with dark energy.

This time, Ling Tianxi didn't dare block the attacks with her sword.

Instead, he kept dodging him.

Die!

Lin Xiu finally found the chance and thrusted the spear forward to the spot where Ling Tianxi was about to appear next!

Ling Tianxi was so shocked that her pupil shrunk.

"Move!"

Suddenly, there was a loud voice that came from behind, followed by an overpowering surge of energy!

Lin Xiu's body was also thrown far into the distance.

Pfft – –

Fresh blood started flowing out of Lin Xiu's mouth.

Almost! He almost killed this woman!

"Hetian God King?!"

Ling Tianxi turned around and saw who it was."

"My apologies for being late. I had to bring along our guests."

Hetian God King spoke indifferently.

Guests?

Ling Tianxi was stunned.

"Huangfu Yuansheng? An Tiancheng?!"

Then, she could feel two other powerful energies coming from behind Hetian God King.

There were two other God Kings with him!

There weren't many God King's in Warrior God Realm and it was only natural for Ling Tianxi to know them.

"Ling Tianxi, looks like you almost got killed by this brat."

An Tiancheng sneered as he spoke.

"Hah! I also heard that you almost died earlier back at the Warrior God City!"

Lian Tianxi retorted as well.

"You..."

An Tiancheng had a horrible look on her face.

"Stop it. Getting rid of this kid is more important now."

"He's no ordinary warrior."

Huangfu Yuanshen finally spoke up.

Ling Tianxi obviously noticed it as well.

Lin Xiu's abilities were much stronger than ordinary warriors and his powers were similar to a God King's!

"An Tiancheng?"

Lin Xiu finally got to steady himself.

When he saw An Tiancheng, the look on his face changed as well.

If it was before, Lin Xiu would have been able to kill him.

His abilities have been greatly reduced ever since his evolved beast died.

Then, as he analyzed them with his 'Analytic Eye', other than the woman and An Tiancheng, the rest of them were God King's as well.

This meant that there were four God Kings here together!