Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1446  Can't Hold it Anymore!

"Do you think he could hold on until I run out of strength?"

Lin Xiu sneered.

In the next moment, holding the Dark Edge spear in both hands, he continued to attack his 'Sphere' frantically!

Boom, boom, boom——

A huge and incomparably loud sound broke out continuously at this time.

Lin Xiu used the skill power to continuously attack the 'Sphere' he unfolded.

The black dragon divine soul was also madly attacking his 'Sphere'!

Damn it!

When Zhang Tiansheng watched this scene, the expression in his eyes changed drastically.

It never occurred to him that Lin Xiu still had such a powerful soul.

And he has a feeling that Lin Xiu's divine soul was different from ordinary souls.

With some kind of special power, it would affect his divine soul!

Now he doesn't dare to release his divine soul power easily.

"I don't think you can last for long."

At this moment, Zhang Tiansheng also noticed that Lin Xiu wanted to kill him quickly.

From this situation, it seems that Lin Xiu is likely to run out of strength later.

As long as he held on, he would be able to counterattack next!

At this moment, Lin Xiu frowned.

Because Lin Xiu found that no matter how he attacked, there was no way to blow his 'Sphere' off!

And the Black Dragon Divine Soul could not either.

Using the Divine Soul consumes a lot of energy.

If he didn't kill him quickly, he will be in big trouble next time.

'Profound Intent·Torrential storm of rose flowers'!!!

At this time, Lin Xiu also directly erupted with a powerful force.

Continue to stab over with the Dark Edge spear!

Whoosh whoosh——

At this moment, thousands of spear shadows burst out from the Dark Edge spear, stabbing frantically at his 'Sphere'.

Bang bang bang——

As the tip of the spear pierced his 'Sphere', there were loud noises.

And this time, Lin Xiu changed his strategy.

Just focus on a point on his 'Sphere'.

No matter how strong the 'Sphere' is, as long as he keeps attacking only one point, he will definitely be able to blow it up!

"Hng!"

Zhang Tiansheng knew what Lin Xiu was thinking. At this moment, as his thoughts were triggered, the 'Sphere' he had unfolded began to rotate rapidly!

The point that Lin Xiu attacked disappeared in an instant!

How's that possible!?

Seeing this scene, the pupils in Lin Xiu's eyes shrank slightly.

And at this time, Lin Xiu felt that if he continued to use the black dragon divine soul, his body's strength would be quickly consumed.

He could no longer use his divine soul power.

With the triggering of Lin Xiu's mind, the black dragon divine soul disappeared instantly.

good chance!

As soon as Lin Xiu's divine soul power disappeared, the pupils in Zhang Tiansheng's eyes shrank slightly.

At the next moment, the 'Sphere' on his body disappeared in an instant, then he held the big halberd in his hand and slashed at Lin Xiu in turn!

Dang--

With this blow, he collided with Lin Xiu's Dark Edge spear and an extremely loud sound erupted immediately.

That powerful force sent Lin Xiu's body flying for a certain distance.

And the moment Lin Xiu's body was sent flying, Zhang Tiansheng chased after him.

"Your strength is already insufficient!"

Zhang Tiansheng grinned and continued to chop down with both hands on the halberd!

Boom——

His halberd was filled with orange flames.

At this time, as he slashed over, there were loud sounds.

"Hng!"

Lin Xiu snorted coldly and continued to attack with the Dark Edge spear filled with faint blue flames in both hands.

But in this fight, Lin Xiu was obviously at a disadvantage!

And this natural flame doesn't seem to be inferior to Lin Xiu in the slightest.

very powerful.

The expression in Lin Xiu's eyes was also changing.

Now the system's skills were all in a cooling state.

It was very difficult to fight against this natural talent.

What should he do?

"Tsk tsk, I just told you, there is no way you can win."

"Wait a minute, you're going to die too."

The phantom of Zhu Long reappeared.

"Shut up!!!"

Lin Xiu let out a low growl, gritted his teeth, and continued to unleash his body's strength to fight this man.

He must win!

If he can't win, he will die!

With Lin Xiu's new round of strength erupting, the long spear directly brushed Zhan Tiansheng's face.

It directly caused blood to appear on his cheek.

Just a little more and this long spear could penetrate his head!

"Get lost!!!"

Zhang Tiansheng felt the wound on his cheek and his face became extremely ugly at this moment. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"He, the God King of the Tianshen Pavillion, almost had his head pierced by Lin Xiu's spear!

At this time, with his low growl, the source strength of his body burst out, forming a powerful airflow, which directly blasted Lin Xiu's body out.

And at the same time that Lin Xiu was thrown out by him, he held the big halberd and directly slashed through the air!

Suddenly, an extremely terrifying force rushed toward Lin Xiu in an instant.

Speed, very fast!

At this time, wherever the terrifying force hit, a large number of space cracks appeared immediately.

Lin Xiu who flew out obviously felt something and the expression on his face changed drastically.

With a thought, the source strength of the body was released, quickly condensed and the 'Sphere' unfolded.

Boom——

That terrifying power also impacted Lin Xiu's 'Sphere' at this time.

Lin Xiu suddenly felt an incredibly powerful impact, which directly caused his body to plummet downwards.

Boom——

At this moment, Lin Xiu's body directly hit the ground below heavily and the whole ground seemed to vibrate.

"Go to hell!!!"

Zhang Tiansheng roared, holding the big halberd in an instant and charged down at an extremely fast speed!

"I have already told you all the techniques."

At the same time, Luo Huatian had already taught Luo Yue all the techniques for controlling the Black River.

These techniques were very difficult to learn and very obscure, making them very difficult to understand.

He also took a long time to practice and finally learn them!

At this moment, Luo Yue looked at Black River and immediately muttered to herself.

Luo Huatian looked at Lin Xiu and the expression in his eyes changed drastically.

"Luo Yue, let's go help!"

Now Lin Xiu was knocked down and Zhang Tiansheng was chasing him down with a weapon. If she doesn't go over, Lin Xiu may be killed!

"Luo Yue?"

But Luo Yue didn't seem to respond to him at this time.

When Luo Hua Tianxia turned around, he saw a scene that shocked him immensely.

The water in the Black River started to fly up into the sky!

This...how is this possible!!!