Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

1452 Success!

The source fire of this Flame of Chaos was really terrifying.

As Lin Xiu walked over, at this moment, he felt like his whole body was about to collapse.

At this moment, the flesh and blood of the body began to be burned away continuously.

And at this moment, he felt that his soul seemed to be burning.

The pain from the depths of the soul made him feel even more uncomfortable.

Damn it!

At this time, Lin Xiu forcibly held back the horrific pain, and continued to walk forward.

Every step was so difficult.

Every step he took seemed to span a year.

The source fire of the Flame of Chaos.

At this time, he ahd already seen it in front of him.

Hot.

It was too hot at this time.

And it seemed that his own soul was preparing to be roasted.

If it weren’t for Lin Xiu’s willpower, he would have felt as if he was about to die at this moment.

At this time, Lin Xiu reached out and touched the source fire.

The flesh and blood on the fingers disappeared instantly.

You can’t die, you can’t die, you must absorb the power of this Flame of Chaos!

The moment his fingers touched the fire, Lin Xiu could clearly feel that the golden bones of his fingers began to annihilate at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Not to mention absorbing it, even touching it, will annihilate him directly!

Am I going to die…!?

No, I must obtain the power of this Flame of Chaos!

‘Engulf’!

But at this time, the system skills seem to have disappeared.

There was no response.

The golden bones are slowly disappearing. If even the golden bones disappear completely, my soul will have nothing to live in and will really die!

“Do you want power?”

At this moment, an ethereal voice came over.

“I want!”

Lin Xiu roared in his heart.

strength!

He wants power!

Only absolute power can kill those god kings!

“A powerful force that can destroy people and kill everyone.”

Hearing this voice, Lin Xiu felt dazed.

A tremendous strength!

Unrivaled power!

Yes, the power to kill everyone!

“Come on, accept this power!”

At this moment, Lin Xiu felt as if he was in the dark.

In front of him, there was this group of flames.

This flame seems to contain extremely strong power.

As long as he grabbed it, he can gain extremely strong power!

Lin Xiu’s body seemed to have recovered. At this moment, he slowly walked forward.

Stretching out his hand, he was about to touch the flame.

But just when Lin Xiu reached out to touch the flame, his body froze immediately.

“No, I don’t want to kill everyone.”

Lin Xiu muttered to himself at this moment.

He is not a murderer, and he has no interest in killing people.

What he wants is to become stronger and then protect the people around him and the planet he is on!

“What I need is the power to protect anyone!”

That is, the strongest power!

I want to absorb this power!!!

Lin Xiu roared in his heart.

In the next moment, Lin Xiu reached out and touched the flame!

At this moment, the upgrade system instantly burst into dazzling light!

Boom——

At this moment, Lin Xiu seemed to feel that the place he was in suddenly changed.

Taking a closer look, his figure appeared in the sea of flames he was in just now.

He only had a golden skull left that has not disappeared.

The other bones of the body have been completely annihilated!

But at this moment, those annihilated golden bones began to recover at a speed visible to the naked eye.

This is…

Feeling all this, Lin Xiu was filled with shock.

Just now, he seemed to be in another weird space.

There was even someone talking to him.

At this time, while Lin Xiu was in shock, his bones had already fully recovered!

And the source fire began to fly toward Lin Xiu’s golden bones.

It entered Lin Xiu’s skull in an instant.

At this moment, the golden flame began to spread toward Lin Xiu’s entire body.

The bones, which were originally golden, became even more golden at this time.

The source fire of the Flame of Chaos didn’t seem to burn Lin Xiu’s bones.

On the contrary, at this time, his bones became even harder.

Like it has been tempered by the flame of chaos and has been reborn.

The surrounding Flame of Chaos began to gather towards Lin Xiu’s skeleton at this time.

“What is happening!?” Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

At the same time, the God warriors who were watching outside, as if deciding whether to absorb the Flame of Chaos, clearly felt that the Flame of Chaos was slowly disappearing.

Surprised expressions appeared in their eyes.

The Flame of Chaos has not subsided for so many years.

Now it’s starting to disappear!?

This shocked the surrounding warriors.

“Go and see!”

The God warriors around recovered from the shock at this time, and ran directly to the front.

At this time, the surrounding flames gathered toward Lin Xiu’s bones.

These flames converged on the surface of Lin Xiu’s bones.

Soon, Lin Xiu’s body outline was formed.

Is this Flame of Chaos trying to help me form my physical body again?

At this moment, Lin Xiu was even more surprised.

Soon, Lin Xiu could feel that the energy of the gathered Flame of Chaos began to slowly reveal his physical body.

It’s really helping me form my physical body!

And this condensed body was formed by the power of Flame of Chaos.

It has extremely strong fire resistance.

No, it’s not just fire resistance, any attributes should have extremely strong resistance!

“ah!!!”

Lin Xiu roared loudly at this time.

It was a very excited roar.

A large number of God warriors flew towards the front.

They also saw Lin Xiu over there.

At this time, Lin Xiu’s body was filled with golden light!

The light was so dazzling that the surrounding God warriors couldn’t help blocking their eyes with their arms.

Soon, as the light on Lin Xiu’s body slowly disappeared, in the next moment, they could see Lin Xiu’s physical body, which had been formed!

With a thought, the battle uniform that had been placed in the expansion space appeared instantly, and he put it on directly.

Taking a closer look at this time, there is a golden flame mark on Lin Xiu’s forehead.

The flame mark was not large, but it seems to have extremely strong power fluctuations.

Just now, it seemed that his own system was emitting a dazzling white light.

With that said, does it mean that his ability to successfully absorb the Flame of Chaos also have something to do with this system?