Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1455  Four God Kings Battle Lin Xiu

Some of the God warriors shouted loudly when they saw the figures of the god kings flying over in the sky.

"Ah."

Lin Xiu watched them yelling and wanted to run away. At this moment, he sneered, and the Dark edge spear he held in his hands immediately danced in the air.

Boom, boom, boom—— T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

At this time, a series of terrifying golden flaming birds charged towards those warriors at an extremely fast speed!

The flaming birds formed by the Flame of chaos was too powerful.

Those God warriors were all directly killed by the flaming birds' impact.

"Stop!"

One of the god kings holding a huge saber let out a low growl at this moment.

With the saber in his hand, he slashed down in the air!

It instantly turned into a huge sword phantom.

Boom——

With a loud sound, the matrix below all burst instantly.

The remaining God warriors wanted to run directly towards the gap.

But at the next moment, the flaming birds in the space quickly gathered together at a speed visible to the naked eye!

What's happening?!

The pupils in their eyes shrank slightly.

Turning around abruptly and looking back, it was obvious that a huge flame phoenix charged directly towards them!

This flame phoenix is really too big, and the temperature is extremely high.

A lot of sweat came out of their bodies.

The sweat that came out was directly evaporated!

"No!!!"

They roared loudly, and all of them mobilized their bodies' energy to condense their own 'Sphere'!

Boom——

But the impact of the flame phoenix instantly submerged their bodies in the terrifying flames.

All destroyed!

At this time, Lin Xiu also clearly heard the system's prompt that he had gained experience.

Although so many warriors have been killed, the experience was actually increasing very slowly.

"Courting death!!!"

The god king holding the saber was furious.

At this time, he rushed directly to the bottom.

He rushed towards Lin Xiu.

The huge flame phoenix hadn't completely disappeared, and rushed towards him directly!

The pupils in the god king's eyes shrank slightly.

His agility was displayed instantly.

With the display of his body technique, his figure instantly disappeared in place.

In the next moment, he appeared in front of Lin Xiu.

The saber in his hand was aimed at Lin Xiu's head, about to strike it!

"Hng!"

Lin Xiu snorted coldly, and the spear in his hand collided with his saber immediately, and a loud noise erupted.

Moreover, along Lin Xiu's Dark edge spear, there were flames constantly burning.

His saber collided with Lin Xiu's spear, and those terrifying flames immediately made him feel that his hands were about to be burned.

What a terrifying flame.

It really is... the flame of chaos!

At this time, he took the lead to retreat to the back side, not daring to directly use weapons to fight Lin Xiu again.

"Let's all go together!!!"

At this moment, he let out a low growl.

Lin Xiu's flame of chaos was really annoying.

No one dared to fight Lin Xiu easily.

The other three warriors were holding a warhammer, a long sword, and a long spear respectively!

At this time, they all waved the weapons in their hands from a distance, and charged towards Lin Xiu with huge and terrifying skill one after another!

Lin Xiu frowned, and with a flash of a figure, he dodged in an instant.

At this moment, their skill power hit the ground below, and there were loud sounds.

And at this moment, Lin Xiu's figure moved, and continued to attack the god king holding the saber!

The Dark edge spear that burst out with golden light kept stabbing towards him.

The speed of stabbing is very fast.

Phantoms of a large number of spears appeared.

Dangdangdang——

The saber in the hands of the god king continuously resisted Lin Xiu's attack, and suddenly there were huge and incomparably loud noises.

It's just that Lin Xiu's attack speed at this time is so fast that he feels extremely strenuous.

And the most frightening thing is that the Dark edge spear in Lin Xiu's hand has the existence of the flame of chaos. Every time it hits his weapon, he feels as if the weapon will be melted and pierced through!

At this time, the other three god kings also flanked Lin Xiu from behind!

Boom, boom, boom——

As the four of them fought with Lin Xiu, there were loud noises.

"So strong..."

Looking at this scene, Luo Huatian couldn't help but shrink the pupils in his eyes.

At this time, Lin Xiu was fighting against the four god kings alone, and he didn't seem to be losing in the slightest!

This time, Lin Xiu, who absorbed the flame of chaos, seemed to become even stronger.

really too strong.

But going on like this was a bit impossible.

After all, he was facing four god kings.

And now the God kings clearly knows how to deal with Lin Xiu.

Just distance themselves from Lin Xiu.

Don't fight directly, it will be affected by Flame of Chaos.

Lin Xiu, who was in the middle of the battle, also frowned slightly.

The cooperation of these four god kings is very good.

At this time, it is a bit difficult for one person to monopolize the four god kings.

Originally, Lin Xiu wanted to kill a god king first.

But this god king was really too cunning.

With their cooperation, Lin Xiu has no way to defeat them one by one first!

The situation suddenly fell into a stalemate.

Boom, boom, boom——

While Lin Xiu was fighting with the four god kings, the ground began to vibrate at this moment.

"what's happening?"

Luo Huatian, who was in the matrix, clearly felt that the ground was shaking crazily.

His eyes were also full of surprise.

Wait, this Black River water...

At this moment, when he took a closer look, he could clearly notice that the water in the Black River had begun to change.

The most obvious thing is that right at the source, a huge vortex appeared!

The water of the Black River rushed towards the vortex frantically!

Looking at this scene, Luo Huatian was stunned.

As a large amount of Black river water surged towards this side.

Those rivers also dried up in an instant.

The water of the Black River began to disappear.

Could it be that...!?

At this moment, Luo Huatian seemed to have thought of a possibility, and his eyes widened.

Gradually, a familiar figure appeared below.

The entire Black river, which contains extremely thick dark energy, seems to have been absorbed by Luo Yue!

"Successful!"

Luo Huatian also became excited at this time.

He never expected that Luo Yue would succeed!

At this time, Luo Yue, who was standing below, also slowly opened her eyes.

Her white hair began to be dyed black at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Looking up, she saw Lin Xiu fighting in the sky!