Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1456  The Power of Black River Water!

Seeing the four god kings attacking Lin Xiu, Luo Yue's eyes suddenly changed slightly.

Luo Yue stretched out her right hand, and a long sword not far away flew into Luo Yue's hand in an instant.

Flew directly upwards!

Wearing white clothes, she appeared like a white shadow at the moment behind one of the god kings holding a spear!

The thin-winged sword in her hand was instantly dyed with black energy.

The blade of the long sword became completely black.

Whoosh—

This long sword with a pitch-black body stabbed directly at one of the god kings!

This god king with a long spear was about to stab Lin Xiu with his long spear.

But at this moment, he also clearly felt something, his body turned suddenly, holding the spear in both hands, resisting Luo Yue's sword!

dang--

This time, when it stabbed out his spear, there was a crisp sound and sparks burst out.

"Who are you!?"

The eyes of the spear-wielding god king were filled with horror.

This beautiful woman who seemed to have stepped out of a painting seemed to possess extremely strong power.

The sword pierced his spear, and he immediately felt a strong impact.

Both hands holding the spear felt pain.

Luo Yue ignored his words. The long sword in his hand continued to stab at him!

The pupils in the eyes of the spear-wielding god king shrank slightly, and the hands holding the spear kept dancing.

Instantly collided with Luo Yue's weapon again.

Luo Yue!?

Lin Xiu looked at Luo Yue's figure, and there was surprise in his eyes at this moment.

While resisting the attacks of the three warriors, Lin Xiu looked down, and he clearly saw that the water of the Black River had been completely absorbed!

And Luo Yue's hair was also dyed black again!

Although the previous sequelae were completely cured after taking Orchid of heaven.

But the hair didn't completely turn black.

This time, it seems that because of absorbing the energy of the black river water, the rich dark power directly dyed her white hair black.

"Zhao Zhongxian!!! Kill her quickly!"

The God warrior who attacked Lin Xiu with a saber roared angrily at this moment.

It is still too difficult for the three god kings to kill Lin Xiu!

At this time, as the black spear in Lin Xiu's hand danced, a series of terrifying flaming birds were released again.

These flaming birds not only attacked them!

They dodged, and those flaming birds also turned and continued to track them.

It's like they had eyes!

Now they can only keep dodging the attacks of Lin Xiu's flaming birds.

Zhao Zhongxian, who was holding a spear, also gritted his teeth at this time.

Damn it!

Luo Yue's swordsmanship is really superb.

And after absorbing the source of the black river water, her strength has also improved a lot.

Luo Yue's current strength is already close to that of the God King!

Coupled with her extremely strong actual combat ability, at this time, facing Zhao Zhongxian, she is not at all inferior!

"Die!!!"

Zhao Zhongxian was also very angry at this time.

He is a majestic god king, but he can't even kill a woman.

It's a shame!

At this time, as he roared, a large amount of electric light burst out from his body!

All these terrifying lightning lights rushed towards Luo Yue at this moment!

These electric lights are much more terrifying than ordinary electric lights.

There were explosions in the air, accompanied by a burning smell.

Luo Yue didn't panic at all. When she picked up the long sword in her hand, a large amount of black water burst out along with the long sword.

The black water instantly formed a huge 'Sphere', surrounding Luo Yue's body.

Crackling——

These seemingly terrifying lightning bolts were directly blocked by the black water at this moment.

There was no way to hit Luo Yue's body.

"The water of the Black River..."

"The power of the Black River water!?"

At this time, Zhao Zhongxian's pupils couldn't help shrinking.

If you look closely, you can clearly see the black river below, which has completely dried up.

It's as if Black River never existed.

And after the black water resisted the terrifying lightning he released, it continued to move along with the long sword in Luo Yue's hand.

Immediately, black water followed the trajectory of Luo Yue's long sword, forming a huge black water dragon, which directly charged towards Zhao Zhongxian!

When Zhao Zhongxian saw this scene, the pupils in his eyes shrank involuntarily.

The giant dragon formed by the condensed black water obviously contains extremely powerful dark power!

At this time, Zhao Zhongxian didn't even dare to resist directly. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

The incomparably majestic source strength of the body was directly condensed into a 'Sphere' at this moment.

The hands holding the spear directly released the power of the fire attribute.

At this moment, the red flame power burst out from his spear.

"go!!!"

With a sharp swing of the spear in his hand, a large amount of terrifying flames rushed towards the black dragon!

boom--

The sky-filled flames rushed over, but did not have any impact on the black water dragon at all.

The black water dragon continued to charge towards Zhao Zhongxian!

This Zhao Zhongxian, just dodged the impact of the black water dragon, when he clearly felt an extremely hot sensation coming from his back.

This is impossible!

Looking at this scene, Zhao Zhongxian was shocked.

There is no way. At this time, Zhao Zhongxian can only dodge.

good chance!

And Lin Xiu, who saw this scene with his eyes, immediately seized the opportunity, and stabbed in the air with the long spear in his hand.

Flaming birds burst out one after another quickly, forming a huge flame phoenix!

Directly charged towards Zhao Zhongxian's back!

This Zhao Zhongxian, just dodged the impact of the black water dragon, when he clearly felt an extremely hot sensation coming from his back.

In the blink of an eye, he suddenly saw that terrifying golden flame phoenix!

He can't dodge!!!

His face was full of horror.

Boom——

The flame phoenix impacted on the 'Sphere' he had unfolded, and there was a loud sound.

The 'Sphere' he unfolded was directly burned at this moment!

Poof——

A mouthful of blood was spit out directly from his mouth.

The black water dragon also rushed over at this time!

Straight through his body!

Zhao Zhongxian's body also instantly turned black.

The strength of the whole body seems to have been eroded by the dark power.

And Luo Yue also flew over directly, and the long sword in her hand slashed down from top to bottom!

cut!

Zhao Zhongxian's body was split in half by Luo Yue in an instant!

Although it's a pity that he didn't kill Zhao Zhongxian by himself and didn't gain experience, Lin Xiu didn't think too much about it at this time.

Flew directly to Luo Yue's side.

Holding Luo Yue's left hand, she was extremely pleasantly surprised.