Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 183: Horror Rat Swarm

As soon as Lin Xiu spoke, Li Ping immediately attacked a rat that crawled past his feet!

Bang——

As Li Ping’s saber cut down, the huge rat was cut in half and blood splattered everywhere!

“Run!!!” Lin Xiu saw this scene already knew it was too late.

Li Ping and the rest were puzzled – didn’t they just kill a rat?

But when they turned to look ahead, they found that those massive rats seemed to lose their minds and were rushing towards them madly!

The whole street in front of them was completely black, hiding the sky and covering the earth and they were all are rats!

“My God!” He was shocked to see this scene.

“‘Awe of the phoenix’!!!” Lin Xiu roared and the Dark Edge spear in his hand slammed hard as the flaming birds instantly flew out of the spear!!!

These rats seemed to have undergone some mutations, even if they were touched by these flaming birds, they didn’t die immediately!

‘Damn it!’

A portion of the rats had already escaped from the flaming birds at this time.

The rats rushed to the front, then pounced towards Lin Xiu and the others.

They opened their mouths and you could clearly see the two rows of sharp teeth inside.

It looked exceptionally horrifying.

Luo Yue’s expression also became a bit nasty. With a wave of the long spear in her hand, the sword aura turned into a crescent shape and attacked!

The rats that rushed over were all cut into two in a short time.

“Leave quickly!!!” Lin Xiu waved his hands continuously and the flaming birds were released in large numbers. They gathered at the intersection in front, forming a huge flame storm.

“Ding!”

“Congratulations Master for killing rank 3 Black rats and gaining 15,000 experience!”

“Congratulations Master…:”

Although the sound of these prompts kept ringing in his mind, Lin Xiu wasn’t in the mood at all.

Because these rats were very dangerous. He just checked it with the Analytic Eye and these darn things usually only eat zombies. But when provoked, they will attract a swarm and take revenge.

Their claws and teeth would release some toxic fluids from their bodies and those fluids also contained viruses. If accidentally touched, it would be troublesome!

When Lin Xiu used ‘Awe of the phoenix’, everyone quickly ran to the front.

After making turns and going around corners, none of those terrifying rats were chasing them anymore.

“Sorry… I’m sorry.” Li Ping leaned his back against the wall behind him. While panting, he looked at Lin Xiu apologetically.

That rat crawled over his shoes just now and he found it really disgusting. However, he didn’t expect that just killing a rat would attract such a swarm of rats to take revenge.

In that kind of situation, if you’re not careful, you will probably be swallowed up by the rats and become skeletons.

“Just be careful in the future.” Lin Xiu said helplessly.

The Analytic Eye was very useful, otherwise, Lin Xiu wouldn’t know that this kind of rat was so disgusting.

“Seems like we’re reaching soon.” Luo Yue looked around at this time and said aloud.

“It should be up ahead.” Lin Xiu nodded and looked at the map on his phone. The location was in the back courtyard of the front building.

“Is there really a space crack here?” Zhang Yin was still a little unconvinced.

He only heard of this kind of thing, but hadn’t really seen one before. At this time, he was still slightly doubtful.

“But I heard that those space cracks may have some beasts appearing from other dimensions…” Jiang Li said with a serious expression on his face.

There would always be opportunities and risks in this sort of situation.

It was said that some powerful warriors have obtained some extraterrestrial treasures in the space cracks, which made them very powerful.

“Take a look and we’ll find out, we can’t waste those Odd crystals.” Lin Xiu said.

Although they didn’t know how the information was obtained, since they already traded it with Odd crystals, there was no other way but to check it out.

They continued ahead and there were many decaying corpses on the ground, emitting a foul smell.

But he didn’t see those disgusting rats which made Lin Xiu a little suspicious.

One must know that the characteristics of those rank 3 black rats was to eat decaying corpses.

There was a tall building in front, but it was covered in moss and some areas were corroded.

According to the map, the so-called space crack was in a huge courtyard behind the building.

“Do you feel it?” When Luo Yue first walked to the front of the building, the pupils in her eyes constricted slightly, and she said to Lin Xiu.

“It should be true.” Lin Xiu also nodded.

Just standing there, Lin Xiu felt the energy in the surrounding air has become very strong.

Not only Lin Xiu and Luo Yue, but Zhang Yin and the others also felt something was wrong.

‘Cultivation Technique’ was to absorb the energy in the air, then used it to strengthen and even improve one’s body.

Generally, the energy in the air in the earth is constant. If you want to absorb a large amount of energy to strengthen and improve your body, you can only absorb the kind of energy in the odd crystal.

But now that Lin Xiu and the others were standing here, he could sense as if the ‘energy’ has become stronger.

It was definitely an unusual feeling.

And Lin Xiu had gone through so many battles, his body could instinctively sense that there was something extraordinary in this building. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Be careful, I think there is a big chap inside.” Lin Xiu held his Dark Edge spear tightly with both hands and said while holding his breath.

Lin Xiu and Luo Yue walked in front, everyone was also holding their weapons firmly in their hands as they slowly moved forward.

Rollie who was still standing on Lin Xiu’s shoulders seemed to feel something at this time; it held its chubby body with both hands and got into the backpack.

There were many spider webs around the gate of the building.

The door was open and looked as if it had been damaged by some impact.

The weather here was gloomy, but at this time the environment inside the building became even darker.

Gulp——

Li Ping and Jiang Li had cold sweat dripping off their foreheads and the strange environment made them swallow their spit in fear.