Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 186: Swallowed

He raised his head and looked but did not see anything, but was smashed right into the ground.

Rumble-

A loud noise came out and caused the surroundings to tremble.

Everyone stopped in the middle of their fights and turned to look.

To their shocking discovery, they saw a gigantic beetle-like creature!

They had black power on their backs and when the warriors looked up, they noticed two or three more on the buildings.

The black powder on their backs was almost identical to the buildings’ exterior. If they did not look carefully, no one would notice such a thing!

No wonder they did not see anything, all of the creatures were asleep.

“Damn it…”

The warrior that was suppressed to the ground struggled to get out.

He was a rank 4 warrior and had a strong physique. Although the creature had smashed him to the ground, he believed he could stand against the creature.

Crack-

But right at this time when he revealed his upper body, the creature opened its large mouth and revealed the dense mass of sharp teeth and bit him!

Blood immediately sprayed everywhere!

The brutal death caused everyone to tremble.

Rank 6 Blue-winged beetle (Dimensional creature)!

Lin Xiu immediately activated Analytic Eye and received information on the creature.

They were the adults of the Blue-winged beetle!

With his increase in strength, Analytic Eye became stronger and he was able to view information of warriors that were a rank higher than him and evolved beasts that were 2 ranks higher.

But what does it mean that they are categorized as dimensional creatures?

Are they creatures that ran out of space cracks?

“Damn! Why are these things here?!” The youth fighting against Luo Yue had a change in expression.

“Quick, let’s go!!!” He had an ashen expression when he saw his teammate die and immediately called out to his other teammates.

The creatures were extremely powerful and he did not want to fight under the uncertainty.

Clank-

He blocked Luo Yue’s attack while calling for his teammates.

Following a burst of strength from his legs, he retreated to the other side and scurried away.

“Go and die!” The two rank 4 warriors suddenly unleashed their strongest skills against Lin Xiu just as they were about to leave!

Lin Xiu felt a burst of power surging forth from their sabers as they swung down.

The sound of vacuum explosions was produced around them!

Lin Xiu was startled, he did not expect the two to retaliate so suddenly.

Adjudicate!!!

He could not take them on head-on and could only use this skill. He wanted to see if he could repel their skills back to them!

Bang-

The two rank 4 warriors wanted to take the opportunity to backstab Lin Xiu but did not realize that his reaction would be that quick. In a second, the burst of power they had unleashed surged back to them.

It was as though their attacks were aimed at themselves.

The immense force sent them flying!

Lin Xiu did not escape unscathed. He felt the force in his chest and he was flung out like a kite being let loose.

His entire body fell right into the pit that held the Red Lotus Fire.

“Lin Xiu!” Luo Yue wanted to give chase but her pupils constricted and ran towards Lin Xiu.

“Quick!” The two spat out blood and ran without looking back.

Rumble rumble-

The rank 6 Blue-winged beetle swallowed the warrior’s corpse and started moving towards Zhang Yin and his group!

“Damn it!” Seeing this, they cursed and quickly ran in the opposite direction.

As for Lin Xiu, he rolled down into the pit and his mouth touched the Red Lotus Fire.

Crap!!!

Lin Xiu was alarmed and when he thought that his lips would be burnt away, he realized that the Red Lotus Fire had slipped straight down into his throat and into his body!

An immense pain instantly flooded through his entire body.

His bones, flesh, and even his cells were burning.

Pain, it’s too painful!

The immense pain prevented him from talking. He could only open his mouth and eyes wide.

“Lin Xiu!” Luo Yue jumped down and realized that the Red Lotus Fire had disappeared and started to panic.

“You swallowed it!?”

Lin Xiu started to perspire.

He wanted to speak but was unable to.

He never wanted to swallow it, it moved its way into his body! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Luo Yue suddenly held Lin Xiu’s sleeves and could see all his veins expanding up.

His veins were flowing with red energy that flickered everywhere. It was a terrifying sight to see.

“What’s going on with Lin Xiu!?” Zhang Yin and the others rushed over and saw Lin Xiu lying on the ground with his veins turning red on his face. All of them opened their eyes wide in shock.

“Nothing.” Luo Yue replied indifferently.

“He just swallowed something.”

Swallowed something?! Zhang Yin was stunned and realized that the temperature around them had returned to normal, and the Red Lotus Fire that was in the center had disappeared!

“Lin Xiu swallowed the entire thing?!”

Zhang Yin was stunned, the treasure seemed to wield temperatures that could melt a person. If someone swallowed it, won’t he be doomed?

“Help!” Right at this time, Jiang Li and Li Ping’s screams could be heard from a distance.

“Go and lure the creatures away first, don’t come here.” Luo Yue looked at Zhang Yin and said.

“Alright!” Zhang Yin nodded his head and rushed out without hesitation.

“Ah!!!” Right at this time, Lin Xiu suddenly stood up and roared from his lungs.

Every part of his body had turned red, all the veins on his face and body parts were glowing red.

Even his eyes were smeared with fiery red color!