Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 190: Complete Annihilation

As soon as Lin Xiu said that, he rushed towards Luo Yue.

“Hurry up!” Zhang Yin heard Lin Xiu’s words and hurriedly said to Li Ping and Jiang Li.

The two of them reacted quickly.

There were already many rank 3 Odd crystals on the ground.

And they were all from the little Blue-winged beetles that were just burned into slag by the flame.

Their bodies were extremely tired and their energy was almost completely used up.

Luo Yue was fighting with the three rank 6 Blue-winged beetles at this time, but she was clearly at a disadvantage, and there was almost no way to attack.

Although the size of this Blue-winged beetle was large, its speed was amazing.

Roar——

At this moment, one of the blue-winged beetles roared like a beast as it opened its mouth that was full of sharp teeth and was about to bite Luo Yue!

“Get out of the way!!!” Lin Xiu put force on his legs and great strength burst forth from his body as he charged over directly!

He brandished the Dark Edge spear in his hand violently and it went across its open mouth.

Bang bang bang——

The row of teeth in the was slashed diagonally by Lin Xiu’s spear tip and they all fell off immediately!

“‘Awe of the phoenix’!!!” This was not over yet. Lin Xiu seemed to stay in the air for a while as he swung his Dark Edge spear, releasing a series of flaming birds, which directly flew into its mouth!

The Blue-winged beetle didn’t have time to react at all.

And within a short period of time, those dozens of flaming birds all rushed into its mouth and bombard recklessly in its body.

Its body fell to the ground all of a sudden and it struggled madly.

Although the body of this blue-winged beetle was covered with a hard carapace, it was very fragile inside.

Lin Xiu’s attack caused huge damage to it.

Luo Yue also took advantage of this time to sprint over and swung her long sword toward one of the rank 6 Blue-winged beetle’s limbs!

A few of its forelimbs were directly cut off by Luo Yue!

“Roar!!!”

The blue-winged beetle seemed to feel a sharp pain and made a terrifying sound.

It opened its big mouth and was going to bite Luo Yue.

However, Luo Yue wasn’t slow in reacting at all and she easily avoided the attack.

“No problem, right?” Lin Xiu and Luo Yue, who had retreated to dodge, now had their backs against each other, as if they had returned to the scene when they were fighting side by side.

The blue-winged beetles across them were really big like a little monster.

“Kill them.” Luo Yue’s eyes were still full of killing intent and she said lightly.

Lin Xiu nodded and at the next moment, both of them suddenly rushed out!

The Blue-winged beetle that had just eaten Lin Xiu flaming birds was still struggling crazily on the ground and spitting out a lot of blue liquid from its mouth.

It had no fighting power at all.

And what Lin Xiu had to deal with now was the other one!

The blue-winged beetle saw Lin Xiu rushing over, opened its mouth wide, and lifted up its sickle-like forelimbs. It swung them towards Lin Xiu’s body like it wanted to cut Lin Xiu’s body in two directly!

Lin Xiu turned around in the air and while avoiding it, he jumped to its back.

Holding the Dark Edge spear, Lin Xiu pierced it directly into his back!

Dang dang dang——

He thrust the spear over 20 times but its carapace seemed to be too hard to pierce! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

It simply left a lot of dents on it.

“Roar!!!”

It seemed that because Lin Xiu was standing on its back, it became very agitated. The wings on its back opened and it began flying.

Damn!

Lin Xiu was taken aback by its sudden movement and almost fell to the ground.

But seeing its wings spread out from the back door of the carapace, Lin Xiu stabilized himself and with a sudden wave of the spear, a flame was directly released as it rushed towards its wings!

Boom——

As expected, its wings touched the flames and they burned directly!

Its body in the air suddenly became wobbly and it fell directly to the ground.

There was a loud noise and the whole ground seemed to be shaking.

A thick layer of dust flew.

If Lin Xiu used the skill ‘Fire Refining Starlit Sky’, he could probably melt its carapace directly, but he wasn’t sure why, he felt that he couldn’t release this skill at this moment.

It seemed that the skill just now was just a flash in the pan.

Damn it!

He knew that because he absorbed the Red Lotus Fire, he could release that flame.

Could it be that he hadn’t mastered this thing?

Before he could think about it, Lin Xiu saw the Blue-winged beetle whose wings had been burned by him, trying to get up again.

“Go to hell!”

The pupils in Lin Xiu’s eyes constricted. Before the Blue-winged beetle stood up completely, he jumped over there directly, and with his Dark Edge spear, he pierced through its head which was relatively small compared to its body.

Bang——

Lin Xiu had used up all his strength for this attack and the tip of the spear directly pierced through its head!

Thud——

The body of the Blue-winged beetle hit the ground heavily.

Is it dead?

Lin Xiu was standing above its head at this time and was panting from exhaustion.

But fortunately, this thing seemed to be dead.

And in the next moment, Lin Xiu also clearly heard the prompt from the system that he gained experience.

10 million experience, another 10 million experience!

And Luo Yue was fighting with the last Blue-winged beetle.

Luo Yue’s speed was very fast. She did not fight it head-on, but used her speed and sharp sword to her advantage and slowly sliced off its legs.

After a while, its body also fell to the ground.

Luo Yue took advantage of this and jumped directly to the side of its head. The long sword in her hand instantly transformed into a huge sword illusion and immediately slashed directly from above!

Boom——

There was a loud noise and its head was directly chopped off by Luo Yue’s blow as a long crack appeared on the ground below.

What a terrifying skill!

Lin Xiu also watched this scene in shock.

Luo Yue’s strength seemed to have become stronger!?