Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 343: Just A Freshman

Now he didn’t see Lin Xiu as just a rank 5 warrior.

Because the power that Lin Xiu displayed was too tyrannical and even he, a rank 7 warrior was a little surprised.

He was good at using swords, but the weapon was not in his hands and there was no way to exert his greatest strength.

And what shocked him even more was that the punch had no effect on Lin Xiu.

“Just a freshman in Sacred region academy.” Lin Xiu stared at him, then said faintly. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Hearing Lin Xiu’s words, the pupils in the middle-aged man’s eyes constricted slightly.

Sacred region academy!?

He is a student from that academy!?

But even so, it was impossible to have this kind of strength and Lin Xiu said that he was merely a freshman!

Damn it!

The middle-aged man looked at Lin Xiu, his eyes showed a murderous intent, and his fists were clenched. In the next moment, he rushed directly to Lin Xiu! |

He was very fast now and seeing this scene, Lin Xiu’s expression changed.

Crackling——

Electric light burst forth of the man’s fist and directly smashed towards Lin Xiu’s side!

He didn’t believe it, he couldn’t knock Lin Xiu down with his incredibleThunderbolt Lightning Fist!

“Now it’s my turn, right?” Lin Xiu looked at the fist he had smashed over and there was no fear in his eyes. At this moment, Lin Xiu’s fist was also clenched.

A burst of ‘crackling’ sounds resounded!

What is this!?

The eyes of this middle-aged man saw Lin Xiu’s right hand also have a large amount of electric light bursting out, and the look in his eyes could not help but change slightly.

He also knew how to use the Thunderbolt Lightning Fist!?

No, this is not Thunderbolt Lightning Fist, what is this…

“‘Silver Thunderbolt Rupturing Fist’!!!” Lin Xiu yelled and his fist smashed directly at the man’s fist!

Boom——

The two fists collided and a loud sound echoed. The entire space seemed to vibrate at this moment.

And at this time, a large amount of electric light burst out, surrounding the bodies of both of them.

Click, click, click——

There was a sound after another on the ground, and there were many cracks on the ground.

Especially the ground where the two were standing has begun to collapse!

In the system interface in Lin Xiu’s mind, the icon of the Engulfing skill began to rotate and there was a notification below:

In the process of energy absorption…

19%…19.8%…

Although these electric lights made Lin Xiu feel numb and a little bit painful, in general, it would not have much impact on Lin Xiu.

On the other hand, this middle-aged man seemed a little uncomfortable.

Now that the electric light he released and the electric light released by Lin Xiu collided together, the impact was huge.

And these electric lights enveloped his whole body, making him feel as if his body was paralyzed by the electric light.

And at this moment, Lin Xiu’s fist was about to hit his body again!

Not good!

The look in his eyes changed and when he was about to dodge, he found that his body could no longer respond!

These electric lights numbed his body a bit and now he couldn’t react.

“Go to hell!” Lin Xiu stared at him and slammed his body directly with this fist that was covered in electric light!

Boom–

With a dull sound, he was hit in the abdomen by Lin Xiu’s fist and his entire being was sent flying!

Boom——

His body was like a kite with a broken string. He flew a certain distance, hit the trees behind him and even broke the trunk.

“Gasp!” After Lin Xiu threw the punch, his body was running out of strength.

Lin Xiu was a little out of breath at this moment.

Lin Xiu has exhausted all the strength in his body for this punch and of course, the power that burst out was also very terrifying.

However, the man was a rank 7 warrior and it was probably not enough to kill him.

And Lin Xiu didn’t hear the system prompt, so it seems that this guy was definitely not dead yet.

Just as Lin Xiu wanted to continue walking toward him, he saw Luo Yue who was fighting at the other side.

Luo Yue’s body kept dodging the attacks of those two warriors and she seemed like she was in a difficult situation.

“Seems like this chick’s pretty good.” The man called Ah Bai said to the dark-skinned man who was attacking Luo Yue.

“But even if she is considered strong for her age, she can’t be compared to us and must still die here.” The dark-skinned man said coldly at this time.

The long sword in his hand stabbed towards Luo Yue aggressively!

Swish swish swish——

The blade cut through the air and this long sword had an extremely terrifying aura.

Luo Yue dodged very swiftly but a few strands of hair were still cut off by his powerful sword aura.

Luo Yue’s brows furrowed slightly and it was obvious that the two people’s coordination was too perfect that she couldn’t fight back.

Swish——

And at this moment, as Luo Yue’s body dodged a sword stabbed out by one of them, the sword of the other had already stabbed from behind Luo Yue!

Go to hell!

There was an intense murderous intent in his eyes and the sword aura on the long sword in his hand seemed to be able to tear the atmosphere apart.

With this blow, he would pierce through Luo Yue’s body!

Dang–

At this very moment, a crash sounded and the sword almost fell out of the man’s hand.

“Who is it!!!” The man’s expression changed drastically as he turned around abruptly, then roared loudly.

He was so close, so close, to killing that woman himself!

As he turned around, he saw a young man holding a black spear, standing next to him.

“It’s you!!!” Seeing Lin Xiu suddenly appear next to him, the look on his face changed drastically.

Lin Xiu ignored him as he thrust the spear out and pierced his body!

“Simply courting death!!!”