Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 344: Successfully Killed

Seeing Lin Xiu charging towards him, this dark-skinned man yelled loudly.

A rank 5 warrior like Lin Xiu actually dared to attack him – this was simply provoking his dignity!

Dang– Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The long sword in his hand stabbed out directly at this time and blocked Lin Xiu’s Dark Edge, making a clear sound.

Although Lin Xiu’s attack was blocked, he still felt the huge force from the long sword in his hand which made his hand slightly numb.

This kid is so powerful!?

He was surprised. Lin Xiu continued to attack the man with his Dark Edge spear!

Bang bang bang——

The spear seemed to have turned into dozens of black shadows and the blade cut through the air as it swung out.

The man’s gaze changed slightly and he continued to dodge.

After all, he was a high-ranking warrior and it was still a challenge for Lin Xiu to hit him when he used his body skills.

At the same time, Luo Yue, who was on the other side, was already fighting another man with pale skin.

Now that there was one less warrior to fight with her, Luo Yue didn’t feel so much pressure.

“Go to hell!!!” The longer Ah Bai fought with Luo Yue, the more anxious he felt.

Because he found that he had no way of killing Luo Yue at all!

How could a girl of a lower rank be so troublesome!?

Swish——

When the long sword in his hand attacked Luo Yue once again, Luo Yue waved her right hand and a white lotus-like flame directly hit his body!

“Ice Lotus Fire!?” Seeing this scene, the man’s face suddenly changed.

He clearly felt the temperature in the surrounding air drop.

Originally, his sword was going to pierce Luo Yue’s body directly, but seeing the ice lotus fire, he had no choice but to dodge.

Boom——

As he dodged, the ice lotus fire hit where this man was standing previously and a deafening sound echoed.

At this time, a huge block of ice appeared on the ground that was hit by the Ice lotus fire as if it had frozen the surrounding area.

“You swallowed all the energy of the ice lotus fire?” Seeing this scene, the man looked at Luo Yue in shock and asked in disbelief.

If Luo Yue hadn’t completely absorbed the energy of the ice lotus fire, it would be impossible to release such powerful energy.

Luo Yue looked at him coldly and did not say anything. Then, she held the long sword and rushed over directly!

Damn it!

When the man saw Luo Yue rushing over, his expression suddenly changed. This time, he was completely flustered by Luo Yue’s attack.

With the long sword in his hand, a powerful sword aura burst forth as he continued to fight Luo Yue.

Dang dang dang——

The two long swords collided and there was a sound after another.

“‘Falling Petals’!” Luo Yue looked at the man who was obviously anxious and wanted to kill her and immediately unleashed her skill while dodging his attack!

Swish——

Luo Yue’s body seemed to have turned into a dozen white illusions, then attacked the man in all directions!

The pupils in this man’s eyes shrank because he found that he couldn’t sense which was Luo Yue’s real self!

Numerous white illusions surrounded him.

And at this moment, those illusions each had a long sword in their hands and were attacking him!

At this critical moment, he saw a cold light flashed on the other side from the corner of his eyes.

Over here!

His body moved then he stabbed in that direction with his long sword!

Bang–

A dull sound resounded and his body froze.

“How…”

His eyes widened as he looked at the empty space before him in disbelief.

He could see a long sword on his chest that impaled him from the back.

“Goodbye.” Luo Yue who was standing behind him drew out the long sword and said faintly.

Thud–

The man’s body fell to the ground and his face was in disbelief, “How on earth did you do it…?”

Although his heart was pierced, the vitality of a warrior was obviously much stronger than that of ordinary people and he did not die immediately.

Until now, he couldn’t believe that he was killed by a young lady and she was a warrior whose rank was lower than his own.

He looked at the sky, his body twitched then there was no more sound.

Luo Yue looked at Lin Xiu who was still fighting over there and rushed over without hesitation!

Swish——

Fast as the wind!

When the man’s long sword was about to pierce Lin Xiu’s body, he saw a white figure appearing behind Lin Xiu.

Before he could react, he saw a cold light flashing by.

Dang–

The long sword in his hand felt like it had hit something and made a sound.

“Luo Yue!?” Lin Xiu turned and saw Luo Yue appearing beside him.

The long sword in her hand was colliding with the long sword of the dark-skinned man.

“Ah Bai?!” When the man saw Luo Yue suddenly appearing on this side, his expression changed drastically, then he turned to the back and saw the corpse lying on the ground.

There was no doubt that his companion has been killed by Luo Yue!

“Damn it! Damn it!!!” Seeing this scene, his face became extremely hideous as he screamed loudly and stabbed Luo Yue wildly with his long sword!

His long sword was full of terrifying sword aura like all the power in his body burst out!

Dang dang dang——

But Luo Yue didn’t seem to panic at all and continued to take on his attacks with ease.

Lin Xiu couldn’t help being surprised when he saw this scene, because he felt that Luo Yue… seemed to have become stronger!?