Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 347: After Effects

Lin Xiu’s fist had already smashed ahead at this moment!

‘Silver Thunderbolt Rupturing Fist’!!!

And at this time, as Lin Xiu’s source strength was poured into his fist, the electric light in his hand became even more terrifying!

Bang——

Although this middle-aged man reacted quickly with his arm blocking his head, there was a loud noise when Lin Xiu’s fist hit it.

And electricity spread all over his body and he flew out like a kite with a broken string!

Bang——

As his body flew out, he slammed into the trees behind and the thick branches of the trees collapsed.

“I won’t be killed by you kid!!!” Although the middle-aged man was knocked out by Lin Xiu’s blow and fell to the ground, he quickly got up again with a nasty expression.

He didn’t feel any pain in his body at all, but because he was knocked out by Lin Xiu, he became even crazier now.

He looked extremely sinister.

He’s fine?!

When Lin Xiu saw this scene, the look in his eyes couldn’t help but change.

Click, click, click——

took a deep breath, Lin Xiu continued to clench his hands into fists and in the next moment, before the middle-aged man rushed over again, Lin Xiu flew out!

“Go to hell, kid!!!” The middle-aged man saw Lin Xiu rushing over like a shadow and he roared then his right fist that was covered in lightning similar to Lin Xiu’s hand attacked Lin Xiu’s body!

Lin Xiu’s eyes were firm and unchanging and both fists slammed together again!

Bang——

The surrounding ground shook again.

“I’m going to kill you!” The middle-aged man saw his fist colliding with Lin Xiu’s and they were equally matched which immediately angered him further.

His left fist hit Lin Xiu’s head again!

Now, the muscles in all parts of his body seemed to have become very strong after taking the forbidden medicine, even his fist has increased in size and there were a lot of blue veins protruding out of his arm which looked terrifying.

Bang bang bang——

Following his fist slamming over, there were explosive sounds.

Lin Xiu saw this scene and kept dodging.

And while dodging, Lin Xiu took advantage of the gap when he failed to attack and hit his body with another fist!

Bang–

The fist hit his body, causing Lin Xiu to frown.

Because the man’s body was extremely hard, as if his entire body was made of metal.

But Lin Xiu did not give up.

“Damn…” He was repeatedly attacked by Lin Xiu’s fist, but he couldn’t hit Lin Xiu and the middle-aged man became even more furious.

But the more furious he was and the more anxious he wanted to attack Lin Xiu, the more weaknesses he exposed.

And Lin Xiu also noticed something. The skin on the middle-aged man’s body seemed to be turning red.

Hiss——

Lin Xiu heard a strange sound at this moment.

“Ah!!!” The middle-aged man wanted to wave his fist and attack Lin Xiu, but at this moment, he seemed to sense something and screamed.

What’s happening?!

Lin Xiu, who retreated to the back, looked forward and saw that the skin on the face of this young man seemed to be corroding!

This terrifying scene surprised Lin Xiu.

“Damn… Damn…” The middle-aged man opened his eyes wide at this time and when he tried to cover his face with his hand, pieces of rotten flesh fell into his palm.

Seeing the rotten flesh, his eyes widened and the pupils in his eyes shrank sharply.

And at this time, Lin Xiu could clearly see that the middle-aged man’s body also seemed to slowly begin to corrode.

What exactly is going on!? Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“How could it be… how could this be…”

The middle-aged man was now wailing in sorrow.

He still couldn’t believe how his body suddenly became this way!?

“Save me…Save me…” The middle-aged man stretched out his hand to Lin Xiu.

His eyes were full of the fear of death.

Lin Xiu’s eyes were full of shock when he saw him in this situation.

Within a short period of time, all of this person’s body was corroded and he was unrecognizable.

Even the bones of his face could be seen.

It must be the side effects of those forbidden medicine surfacing!

“Goodbye.” Lin Xiu stared at him without any pity in his eyes and said faintly.

As expected, he would be affected by this side effect later which would cause his entire body to corrode.

Lin Xiu had to kill him before he dies from the side effect to gain experience!

With this thought, Lin Xiu’s eyes suddenly revealed a murderous intent. With a wave of his right hand, the body of the Dark Edge spear trembled slightly, making ringing sounds.

Swish——

In the next moment, the Dark Edge spear flew directly into Lin Xiu’s hands.

Lin Xiu gripped the Dark Edge spear with his right hand then rushed to the front all of a sudden!

“Go to hell!!!”

Bang——

Lin Xiu roared and the Dark Edge spear that stabbed over was instantly enveloped by the fiery red flame.

The surrounding air seemed to have become distorted because of the appearance of this flame.

Bang–

The Dark Edge spear that was full of red lotus fire directly penetrated the middle-aged man’s body!

Bang——

And at this moment, the red lotus fire on the Dark Edge spear completely enveloped his body in an instant.

The flames covered his body, burning him up.

In a short moment, he had a corroded body and was directly burned into a skeleton!

Click——

As the flame dissipated, this skeleton fell to the ground.

“It’s over…”

Lin Xiu heaved a sigh of relief when he saw this scene and a sense of fatigue came from his body in an instant.

The Dark Edge spear was stuck to the ground, preventing his body from falling.

“Ding!!!”