Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 350: Hotel room

‘What’s that sound?’

Hearing this sound, Lin Xiu was stunned and looked ahead instinctively.

Luo Yue’s brows were also slightly knitted and they both glanced at each other. The two people nodded at the same time, held the weapons in their hands, and continued walking.

At this time, Lin Xiu could clearly see it all, there seemed to be some warriors in front.

Lin Xiu frowned because after experiencing what happened before, Lin Xiu didn’t have a good impression of the warriors he encountered in the dark forest.

Bang——

At this moment, Lin Xiu heard a huge sound again and recalled.

The ground shook slightly at this time because of the loud rumbling.

“Damn! What kind of monster is this?!” A warrior’s voice came from the other side.

Lin Xiu looked over and saw a huge thing, like a snake, its body was wet and slimy and it was very disgusting.

What kind of monster is this!?

Lin Xiu subconsciously activated the Analytic Eye

Rank 7 mutant eel (giant)

Characteristics: Fast speed, can drill into the human body, devour human flesh and blood

Rank 7 huh…

But this thing was so large, it looked really disgusting, like a leech.

And the system also stated that the characteristic of this thing was that it could penetrate into the human body. Thinking of this made Lin Xiu feel a bitter cold.

“Go to hell!!!” When a warrior wanted to attack the giant mutant eel with a weapon in his hand, he was hit directly by it and it pierced into his body!

The other warriors saw this scene, their bodies couldn’t help but tremble and they didn’t continue to attack the monster, but fled directly to the other side.

“You two, aren’t you guys leaving, courting death!” Some warriors watched Lin Xiu and Luo Yue walking towards this side and said aloud while running away.

Lin Xiu saw the huge mutant eel over there, rushing towards him!

The body of this mutant eel was a bit slimy and the head was very sharp, it seemed that it wanted to drill through Lin Xiu just like how it did to the warrior just now!

The look in Lin Xiu’s eyes changed. The moment it charged over, Lin Xiu swung the Dark Edge Spear in his hand vigorously and phoenixes burst forth!

Bang——

The flame hit the body of the mutant eel and it was completely surrounded by the phoenixes released by Lin Xiu.

Hiss——

This thing seemed to be a creature living in the water. Now it was scorched by the flame and it let out a roar then its body quickly struggled to escape to the water source behind it.

But Lin Xiu didn’t give it a chance. He continued to wave the Dark Edge spear in his hand a few times and flame after flame continued to burst out, directly hitting the body of the mutant eel.

Before this mutant eel escaped into the river, it was completely burnt into a ball of coke.

“Ding!”

“”Congratulations Master on killing a rank 7 mutant eel. You’ve gained 20 million experience.”

Lin Xiu heaved a sigh of relief at this time – this thing looked very disgusting and it kept digging around.

But as he expected, this thing was afraid of flames, so he could deal with it easily.

“Thank you…” A warrior who fell beside Lin Xiu wiped the cold sweat from his forehead at this time then said to Lin Xiu.

“This thing was in this river?” Lin Xiu asked the warrior.

“Yeah, we are a warrior team from the small town.” The leader’s wife said that she wanted to eat eel, so we came to this lake to catch one, but didn’t expect that there would be such a huge one.” He shuddered at the thought of the mutant eel.

Lin Xiu burst out laughing and continued on his journey with Luo Yue.

This was just a brief interlude. In just a short time, Lin Xiu arrived back at the small town.

It was evening by the time they arrived and the sun was setting. Although the human traffic in this small town was quite heavy, it was obviously much less than when he first arrived.

It was probably because a large number of warriors have entered the dark forest and many warriors have died in it.

“Have you guys heard? Someone had snatched and swallowed the ice lotus fire!”

“No way? Who has this ability?!”

“I heard…”

When Lin Xiu and Luo Yue were walking on the streets of this small town, they heard some discussions between the warriors around them.

Hearing their words, Lin Xiu was slightly surprised that what happened had spread so quickly.

But now, it might be dangerous.

After all, the information that a young lady swallowed the ice lotus fire would probably spread among the warriors very quickly and only Luo Yue met this condition.

So it was easy to be recognized.

Although the energy of the ice lotus fire should have been completely consumed by Luo Yue, it was still very troublesome if those people had any ill intentions.

“So tired, why don’t we find a place to rest first?” As Lin Xiu continued to walk forward, he found that some warriors kept taking glances at him and Luo Yue from time to time. So he stretched and said to Luo Yue.

Luo Yue nodded and did not refuse.

The two quickly entered a hotel in the small town.

“Sorry, there is only one single room now.” Lin Xiu asked for two rooms but the customer service personnel at the front desk suddenly said aloud.

“All gone?” Lin Xiu was taken aback.

“En, because there are more guests staying during this time.” The person said apologetically.

To be exact, this period of time could be said to be overwhelming. Due to the Ice Lotus Fire, there were too many warriors making their way over.

“But…” When Lin Xiu wanted to say something, Luo Yue, who was standing next to Lin Xiu, said indifferently, “We’ll take one.”

Lin Xiu’s eyes widened and looked at Luo Yue, who still had a cold countenance. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Okay, that would be 10000 in total union coins.” The personnel looked at Lin Xiu and Luo Yue a little weirdly and said.

Luo Yue nodded, took out his mobile phone, and scanned it and the payment was successful.

“Let’s go.” Luo Yue glanced at Lin Xiu then walked upstairs.

‘She isn’t afraid, why should I be!’

Lin Xiu swallowed his saliva at this time then mumbled to himself.