Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 361: Mysterious Old Man

“Whatever is fine…” Just as Lin Xiu was about to say something, he saw Luo Yue standing in front, tapping on the screen.

“This one then,” Luo Yue pointed to a line of words and said.

Lin Xiu was taken aback. Before he had time to react, the old man’s fingers tapped on the keyboard at an extremely fast speed.

Keyboards still exist in this future world, but it has changed from a mechanical keyboard to a projected virtual keyboard.

“Swipe the card.” As the old man hit the last button, he looked at Lin Xiu and Luo Yue and said aloud.

Luo Yue glanced at Lin Xiu and he responded quickly. He took out a black card and handed it to the old man, “Here you go.”

Luo Yue didn’t carry this kind of card with her, only the Sacred Region Academy student card.

But this sort of felt like they were lovers.

“We actually need to pay to stay here ah…” Lin Xiu said while handing the black card over to the old man.

“Of course, you thought you could live here for free, huh.” The old man said unceremoniously. He looked at the black card in Lin Xiu’s hand and shook his head.

“Not this, you have to collect points.”

“The Sacred Region Academy’s point card (student card)?” Lin Xiu asked.

“Yes.” The old man nodded.

“We still need to use points even when this isn’t the Sacred Region Academy?” Lin Xiu said helplessly, but he still took out his student card and handed it to the old man.

Di——

As the old man took the card and swiped it, there was a sound.

Soon, Lin Xiu saw the number -10000 appear on the front screen and the balance was displayed at the back: 5847

“I thought you kid would not be able to pay. I didn’t expect that you have many points. No wonder you can get such a beautiful chick.” The old man exclaimed at this time.

10,000 points!

Damn! Lin Xiu cursed on the inside – this old man is really shady, he actually took 10,000 points with a swipe!

10,000 points were enough to last a very long time at the Sacred Region Academy.

Hearing this old man’s words, Luo Yue’s eyes suddenly became cold and she took out the long sword behind her with a ‘swish’ then pierced towards the old man’s body directly!

Bang–

But when Luo Yue’s long sword was about to stab the old man, it was clamped tightly between the old man’s two fingers.

“It seems that your little girlfriend is quite shy eh.” The old man said aloud at this time.

“Don’t talk nonsense.” Although Lin Xiu was surprised that the old man could catch Luo Yue’s sword so easily, he still rebuked angrily.

Luo Yue may be icy cold, but she was indeed quite shy and was probably provoked by the old man calling her a ‘chick’.

“Okay, okay, I was wrong.” The old man released the fingers that clamped Luo Yue’s long sword at this time then said helplessly.

Luo Yue glanced at the old man coldly and retracted the long sword. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“On the tenth floor.” The old man handed the room card to Lin Xiu at this time then said aloud.

“Which room on the tenth floor?” Lin Xiu took the uniquely shaped card and asked.

“The entire floor.” The old man’s mouth curled up.

As Lin Xiu and Luo Yue walked up, Luo Yue suddenly looked at Lin Xiu and said, “That old man just now is not an ordinary person.”

“En, I think so too.” Lin Xiu nodded. Although the old man was cleaning the place, Lin Xiu could still sense the old man’s powerful strength.

Who exactly is he?

After a while, Lin Xiu and Luo Yue took the elevator to the tenth floor, swiped their cards to enter this so-called ‘room’ and looked around. Lin Xiu’s eyes suddenly widened.

Now Lin Xiu finally understood what the old man meant by the ‘entire floor’.

Because the entire space on the tenth floor was a suite!

There were large floor-to-ceiling windows in this room and a large training ground around it and a lot of weapons were placed next to it.

Lin Xiu was very happy to see this training ground. With this place, he could continue to practice while staying in this deep blue city.

He continued to look around. It seemed that everything was great. There were also special food-making machines, beverages, etc., and refrigerators.

Now Lin Xiu was beginning to understand why this room was so expensive.

“I’ll sleep here.” Luo Yue opened the door of a room then said faintly.

“En.” Lin Xiu nodded and walked over to the other room next to the hall.

As soon as he opened the door, he saw a very big bed inside.

Lin Xiu put the backpack on the table and laid directly on the bed at this moment, feeling extremely comfortable.

It was completely dark now. After a day of running around, he was finally at the Deep Blue City. Now that he could finally rest, Lin Xiu felt exhausted.

Slowly, Lin Xiu drifted to sleep.

At this time, Rollie crawled out of Lin Xiu’s backpack and was holding an odd crystal and was gnawing at it, like a hamster holding a melon seed.

After some time, Lin Xi slowly opened his eyes and found that the place was pitch black.

Pa–

Lin Xiu pressed the button on the wall and the whole room instantly lit up.

“It’s eleven o’clock?” He shook his head, looked at the electronic clock above the room and it turned out that it was already past eleven o’clock in the evening.

Because he didn’t take a bath, Lin Xiu felt a little uncomfortable now.

At this time, he looked to the side and saw that there were outfits with the Sacred Region Academy printed on it.

“I can change into a new set of clothes.” Lin Xiu took the outfit and walked out directly.

The lights outside were also on and the entire space was very bright.

Where is the bathroom?

Lin Xiu looked around at this moment.

Because this floor was indeed very spacious, Lin Xiu was a little confused.

At this time, he looked at the other side and saw the room on the other side, which seemed to have a bright light shining out.

There are people in there!?

Lin Xiu walked over to the front, then in the next moment, he pushed the door open.

The dazzling light instantly reflected into Lin Xiu’s eyes and it seemed that there was even a warm mist floating over, accompanied by a refreshing fragrance.