Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 364: Someone From The Dark World

The long sword slashed down and a crack actually appeared on the ‘sphere’ unfolded by this man!

Lin Xiu didn’t hesitate and pierced the crack that Luo Yue had cut!

‘Torrential storm of rose flowers’!!!

Bang bang bang——

The tip of the spear hit the crack of the ‘Sphere’ wildly!

At the next moment, with a clear sound, the man’s Sphere had a gap.

‘Sphere’ has also become faintly discernible like it can’t hold up any longer.

The face of the middle-aged man also turned nasty in an instant. He did not expect that Luo Yue and Lin Xiu would break his ‘Sphere’ directly!

And at this moment, the long sword in Luo Yue’s hand continued to stab the man’s neck like a cold light.

Dang–

But at this critical moment, the man took out a dagger and directly blocked Luo Yue’s stab and he jumped into the dark at the back.

“Be careful.” Luo Yue looked at the shadow in the dark and said aloud.

Lin Xiu nodded and became more cautious.

Although he just broke his ‘Sphere’ while he was not paying attention, now this man has obviously become more cautious.

Next time, it would not go as smoothly as before.

And when Lin Xiu used the Analytical eye, he also found that it could not be parsed.

He must be a rank 7 warrior or… even stronger than that.

“Didn’t expect that you’d be so strong, huh.” At this time, from the dark side, the man’s cold voice came.

Although he was in the corner, Lin Xiu’s eyesight was very good and he could still see clearly. The man was in black and was slowly taking out another dagger.

The daggers he held in both hands seemed very sharp, they exuded cold light even in the dark.

“Someone from the Dark world.” Luo Yue held the long sword and looked at the man over there who was holding two daggers, looking like he was about to attack Lin Xiu.

Hearing Luo Yue’s words, the man froze and his eyes narrowed, revealing a ferocious glint.

“Seems like you know something.”

“However, it’s just not your luck today, I want to take your heads…away!”

He had just spoken but his body was like a black shadow, disappearing in an instant!

Where is he!?

Seeing this scene, Lin Xiu’s eyes changed, but at this moment, a cold light flashed in front of him.

Dang–

Lin Xiu instinctively blocked the attack with his spear.

Just now, he rushed towards Luo Yue, looking like he was attacking Luo Yue, but in fact, the target of the attack was Lin Xiu!

Although Lin Xiu blocked this attack, the man did not stop at all. He continued to swing the extremely sharp daggers towards Lin Xiu!

Because Lin Xiu was using a spear, after the man got close with his two daggers, it became very difficult to attack.

And now it’s hard to even block his daggers.

Swish——

In the next moment, Lin Xiu felt a tingling pain in his arm and a trace of blood sputtered out.

Just as the dagger in this man’s hand continued to swing towards Lin Xiu, the long sword in Luo Yue’s hand directly pierced the man’s body!

This sword was very fast, but it was as if the man had eyes on his back and he actually dodged it.

This made Luo Yue stab the air!

“Hmph, insignificant skill.” The man snorted coldly at this time, then retreated back and hid in the darkness.

“Phew.” Lin Xiu heaved a sigh of relief.

Thinking of the man’s terrifying offensive just now, Lin Xiu’s body couldn’t help but tense up.

The man’s offensive with the double daggers was really fierce, and every time he aimed for his most vulnerable part, every hit was a killer move, which put Lin Xiu under great pressure.

“Be careful.” Luo Yue looked around and frowned as she couldn’t find the man’s figure.

Lin Xiu nodded and glanced around.

The surrounding was a bit gloomy, but the middle-aged man suddenly disappeared.

This was the first time Lin Xiu had met this kind of warrior.

He felt that all his fighting skills were targeted to kill.

This was similar to Luo Yue’s brother, Luo Huatian.

Just as Lin Xiu continued looking for this man, Lin Xiu instinctively felt a chill down his back, and the pupils in his eyes shrank suddenly.

Behind!

Swish——

At this moment, Lin Xiu moved in a flash to the side and from the corner of his eye, he saw a cold light flashing.

Obviously, this man had appeared behind Lin Xiu and wanted to kill Lin Xiu directly!

And Luo Yue looked over there at this time, seeing this scene, the long sword in her hand directly pierced the man!

Dang–

The man directly used the dagger in his hand to block the long sword that Luo Yue had stabbed over.

And at the moment when he blocked Luo Yue’s long sword attack, he directly attacked Luo Yue!

A murderous intent broke out in his eyes.

Because he clearly felt now that Luo Yue seemed to be different from ordinary warriors, he felt a sense of threat.

But Luo Yue uses a long sword, he uses a dagger, as long as he gets close, he can kill Luo Yue!

Just as the dagger in his right hand went across Luo Yue’s neck, her long sword blocked it!

“Go to hell!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

But at this moment, the dagger in the man’s left hand continued to pierce Luo Yue’s neck!

Dang–

But just at this very moment, with a flash of cold light, this blow was also blocked!

What exactly is going on!?

The look in the man’s eyes changed. He thought that Luo Yue would not be able to withstand the attack of the dagger but that was not the case.

Taking a closer look, Luo Yue had a dagger in her left hand and had blocked his attack!