Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 369: The Game Starts

Lin Xiu’s eyes narrowed when he heard the old man’s words.

“Are you serious?”

“Of course, I’m not lying and there is no need for that.” The old man smiled, then put the box containing the alien ore directly on the ground.

“However, if you gave it to me and they took it back, isn’t that the same as not giving it to me at all?” At this time, Lin Xiu seemed to have thought of something, then said helplessly.

The soldiers in the Deep Blue City were about to land on the roof of this building.

It wouldn’t be long before they arrived so even if he had the alien ore, they would take it back forcibly.

“You don’t have to worry about that, I have my way.” The old man said with a smile.

Luo Yue and Lin Xiu looked at each other, then nodded.

“How about this game?” The old man looked at Lin Xiu and Luo Yue and laughed.

“Sure.” Lin Xiu nodded and in the next moment, he moved immediately!

With a ‘swish’, Lin Xiu’s figure appeared behind the old man and without hesitation, he smashed his back with a fist!

This old man was very strong and Lin Xiu didn’t think he could kill this old man with this punch.

But just as Lin Xiu’s fist was about to hit the old man’s back, the old man suddenly disappeared!

And Lin Xiu’s fist hit the air and was going towards Luo Yue who was in front.

But fortunately, Lin Xiu held back and didn’t hit Luo Yue directly.

Lin Xiu heaved a sigh of relief and saw that Luo Yue was looking at him with cold eyes.

Lin Xiu was taken aback, then he took a closer look and discovered that his fist was actually in front of Luo Yue’s chest at this time, almost touching it.

“Ahem, I didn’t mean it.” Lin Xiu said, a little embarrassed.

“He’s over there.” Luo Yue rolled her eyes at Lin Xiu and said plainly.

Lin Xiu looked to the side instinctively and immediately saw the figure of the old man.

The old man was smiling at Lin Xiu at this time. Then, he beckoned Lin Xiu with his finger.

“Damn it!” Lin Xiu saw this scene and became serious.

He still had exactly five minutes left before the end of his ‘Fury’. Within these five minutes, he must find an opportunity to attack this old man.

Although this old man is strong, Lin Xiu should be able to touch the corners of his clothes when he is bursting out with all his strength, right?

At the same time, Luo Yue also stabbed the long sword on the ground, and in the next moment, she rushed directly to the old man’s side!

Boom–

Luo Yue’s speed was also very fast, like a phantom, and appeared in front of the old man with her fist about to hit his head.

But the old man tilted his head slightly and he dodged Luo Yue’s punch.

“Little girl, your fist is quite fierce.” At this time, the old man suddenly smiled and said.

Luo Yue ignored the old man’s words and threw her punches at this time. Her fist was like phantoms and the speed was very fast!

Luo Yue was not only good at using a sword, but she was good with her fists too.

But even so, Lin Xiu still couldn’t hit him.

What exactly was going on!?

Lin Xiu looked at this scene and was embarrassed. This old man was indeed too strong.

It’s really amazing that he could do this only by relying on his body’s strong response speed without using any body skill.

But the alien ore was indeed good stuff if he could get it…

With this thought, Lin Xiu rushed to the front!

Under the siege of the two people, the old man seemed to be less relaxed.

“Interesting.” The old man said while dodging Lin Xiu and Luo Yue’s attacks.

Although the old man seemed to be a little stressed because of the two people attacking at the same time, he still dodged every hit.

And every time, he dodged with such a small gap.

Was it intentional?

At this moment, seeing his fist missing the old man again, Lin Xiu couldn’t help thinking.

“You have two minutes left.” The old man dodged the fists with ease and said out without blushing or panting.

“There is someone behind!” At this moment, Lin Xiu suddenly stopped attacking, then pointed to the other side and called out.

“Oh?” Hearing Lin Xiu’s words, the old man subconsciously turned his head and looked over there.

Good chance!

Seeing this, Lin Xiu revealed a touch of surprise on his face. He seized the opportunity and directly attacked the old man’s body with a fist!

Bang–

At this moment, his fist was about to hit the old man’s body, but a dull sound rang out and Lin Xiu’s body flew out like a broken kite.

“So close, so close, I almost lost.” The old man’s leg was raised high at this time and he said with a smile while looking at Lin Xiu in the distance.

“You kid, you’re pretty sly.”

“Damn it!” Lin Xiu stood up.

“I didn’t say that I will not attack.” The old man said aloud while avoiding Luo Yue’s attack.

But at this moment, he seemed to feel something, raised his brows, then his body disappeared instantly.

Boom–

At this moment, Luo Yue’s fist made a pit on the ground.

Lin Xiu noticed the look on Luo Yue’s face and it seemed to become increasingly cold.

“Hm? Are you from there too”? The old man who had already jumped to the other side at this time looked at Luo Yue with a look of surprise.

Luo Yue didn’t answer the old man. At this time, she looked at the old man, then slowly walked forward.

There was something wrong, Luo Yue seemed a little off.

Lin Xiu clearly felt the strong murderous aura from Luo Yue and the coldness in her eyes became more intense.

“Luo Yue?” Lin Xiu said.

But Luo Yue didn’t answer Lin Xiu and immediately disappeared just as she was about to touch the old man.

She’s gone!?

When Lin Xiu saw this scene, the pupils in his eyes constricted.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)