Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Chapter 379: Luo Yue’s Forging

When Zhang Liangqian wanted to sneak on Lin Xiu, he already felt it.

Lin Xiu had the time to gather his energy as well which was why he was able to give such a strong and powerful punch.

But, in the end, Lin Xiu was still a little injured.

“It even hurts a little.” He looked at the red marks that were on his fist which were covered in blood and mumbled to himself.

Soon, Lin Xiu arrived at his mansion and heard loud noises that were coming from inside – ‘Clang Clang Clang’

It’s like someone was hitting metals inside the house.

Plus, Lin Xiu could also feel how the surrounding air started to turn scorching hot.

What’s happening?!

Lin Xiu was shocked. His eyes were looking for it and he noticed a familiar person at his mansion.

“Luo Yue?”

When Lin Xiu saw the scene in front of him, he was shocked.

Somehow, there were a lot of machines that were placed in the garden.

There was also a huge fire that was burning in the center.

Luo Yue was still swinging the metal hammer that was in her arms, as if she was continuously hitting onto something.

“You’re back?” When Luo Yue heard Lin Xiu, she asked in an indifferent tone.

“What are you doing?” Lin Xiu eyes widened in surprise as he walked towards her.

“Helping you forge.” Luo Yue continued hitting the tip of the Dark Edge spear as she answered his question.

Forge?!

Lin Xiu was taken aback. Since Lin Xiu was closer now, he was able to clearly see what was going on. He saw how Luo Yue was looking at the monitor while hammering the spear.

The screen was clearly showing a video of the tutorial on how to forge weapons.

Lin Xiu’s heart sank when he saw this.

“You….. Please don’t tell me that you have never forged a weapon before this?” Lin Xiu’s mouth twitched before asking the question.

When Luo Yue heard the question, she nodded her head as an answer.

“Oh my god…” Lin Xiu helplessly hugged his head.

He wanted to cry as he stared at his Dark Edge Spear.

But, as he took a closer look, he noticed that the tip of the spear was now starting to give out a bright silver glow after being hammered by Luo Yue.

It was looking much sharper than before.

“Where did you get all these machines?” Lin Xiu continued asking her when he saw what she was doing.

This machine was huge and there was a place in the center where a scary flame continued to burn furiously.

The temperature of the flame was high and by just standing close to it, Lin Xiu already felt uncomfortable.

Plus, the air around him was so hot that they started getting distorted.

“I preordered them.” Luo Yue simply replied.

You can purchase almost everything at the store in the academy as long as you have enough points.

Clang clang clang – –

At that time, Luo Yue was still holding on to Lin Xiu’s Dark Edge Spear and got on with the hammering, looking extremely serious.

Then, Lin Xiu’s eyes turned towards the flame that was in the center. In the flame, it looked as if there was a special container and the thing inside it was dimly glowing.

What was that?

Lin Xiu took some time to carefully look at the container in the center. Then, suddenly, he could clearly see what it was in the center.

It was that outer space mineral!

“It’s a little difficult to melt it.” Luo Yue said to Lin Xiu when she noticed that he was staring at the flame.

Lin Xiu noticed that Luo Yue was being very serious with the hammering which was why he didn’t say anything else about it.

Forget it, let her do it then. It was possible that she might be able to do a good job with the forging.

“I’ll be heading towards the northern side tomorrow.” Lin Xiu hesitated for a moment and then decided to tell Luo Yue what happened today.

“The Lightning Region?” After hearing Lin Xiu talk about what happened, Luo Yue frowned.

“En, I’ll be back in three days.” Lin Xiu felt troubled as well.

Nan Zhengjun said it as if it was an extremely dangerous place, he just didn’t know what to expect.

“Three days later, the forging should be completed as well.” Luo Yue nodded her head.

“En, I’m going to go rest.” Lin Xiu told Luo Yue before leaving.

Since he would be going to the Northern area first thing in the morning, it would be important for him to rest well tonight and gather his strengths since he has no idea how it was at the mountain.

He already lost sleep the night before which was why as soon as his head hit the pillow, he was already fast asleep.

Time passed by quickly and it was already the next morning.

Lin Xiu’s biological clock that was punctual immediately woke up.

Clang Clang Clang – –

As soon as he woke up, Lin Xiu could hear the sound of metals hitting each other coming from outside.

Rollie jumped out of Lin Xiu’s bag that was on the table and was looking around, confused.

“You shall stay in this room for now. I’ll be gone for just a few days.” Lin Xiu smiled and said to Rollie.

Kuuuuuuuu

It was as if Rollie could understand Lin Xiu as it obediently nodded its head.

When he walked out of the house, he noticed Luo Yue, who was still swinging the personalized hammer in her arms.

“You haven’t gone to bed?” Lin Xiu walked towards her. The sky wasn’t bright yet but Luo Yue was still swinging the hammer towards the tip of the Dark Edge.

There were droplets of sweat that covered her entire forehead.

“I can’t stop.” Lup Yue’s eyes were on the spear when she answered him.

Lin Xiu was touched as he stared at Luo Yue.

Lin Xiu felt that it was no longer important whether or not the forging was a success.

Di Di Di – –

Then, at that moment, Lin Xiu’s phone started vibrating.

“Lin Xiu, it’s time. Come here quick.” Nan Zhengjun’s voice could be heard from the other end of the phone call as soon as Lin Xiu answered the call.

“I’m heading over there now. Rest if you feel tired.” Lin Xiu said towards Luo Yue who was still hammering the Dark Edge.

“En.”

Luo Yue was now completely focused on the Dark Edge Spear, and her eyes never left the spear that was in front of her.

Lin Xiu gave a helpless smile when he saw her in this manner.

He knew about Luo Yue’s character who would never stop unless she succeeded.

But, it was already time and Lin Xiu had no other choice but to leave and walk in the opposite direction.

As he got to the academic building, Lin Xiu noticed Nan Zhengjun who was standing outside.

“Teacher.” Lin Xiu called out to him when Lin Xiu saw that Nan Zhengjun was waiting for him.

“Well, let’s go.” Nan Zhengjun nodded his head. Then, he brought Lin Xiu along and headed towards the northern back of the academy.

The Sacred Region Academy was built on an island, a huge island.

As they walked towards the Northern region, along a winding path. Then, there was a huge mountain peak that was waiting for them in the distance.

Li Li – –

At that moment, Lin Xiu heard a loud, obvious scream!