Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 384: Engulf, Level Up!

Lan Tu looked at Lin Xiu, thinking that Lin Xiu was taking pleasure in being abused.

But very quickly, as Lin Xiu’s weird behavior continued, Lan Tu discovered that Lin Xiu’s aura seemed to become stronger gradually!

What was going on?

At this time, Lan Tu was even more shocked. He was a rank 6 warrior and was quite sensitive to one’s aura.

When Lin Xiu first came, he felt that Lin Xiu should be around rank 5, not very strong.

And because he had been paying attention to the weird behavior of Lin Xiu, he felt the change in Lin Xiu’s strength.

Logically speaking, after being struck so many times by these bolts of lightning, he should have a problem even standing up.

But it was just the opposite!

Freak! This kid must be a freak!

“This time, I actually absorbed 50 million experience…” As the lightning gradually disappeared, Lin Xiu looked at the system page in his mind and said to himself.

One must know that although the ‘Engulf’ skill could absorb energy that could be converted into experience, the percentage of absorption and conversion was not much, but he absorbed so much experience just in this way.

This was enough proof that the energy produced by these terrifying lightning strikes was huge.

Being struck by so many flashes of lightning, Lin Xiu was so excited that at this time, he still felt severe pain in his body.

Hu——

He stretched out his hand and blew on his arm. The scorched skin on the upper surface of Lin Xiu’s arm was blown off by Lin Xiu, revealing the white and tender skin that seemed like a hardboiled egg with its eggshell peeled off.

‘Engulf’: LV5

And take a closer look, now Lin Xiu’s ‘Engulf’ skill has been upgraded to LV5!

The higher the level, the more energy, and experience Lin Xiu can absorb!

“When is the next time there is lightning?” It was noon and the sun was scorching.

Especially when Lin Xiu was on the top of the mountain now and the sun was shining on his body, making Lin Xiu feel an unusual burning sensation.

“Tonight… the lightning frequency is the highest in the middle of the night…” Lan Tu looked at Lin Xiu and replied.

Lin Xiu nodded , then continued to sit directly on the ground and began to cultivate.

It was night again soon, just as it was during the day, these thunderbirds began to attract thunder again. At night, these lightning strikes seemed to become even more terrifying.

The rumbling sound continued to sound, then echoed into the distance.

“This kid would be dead this time!” On the roof of the building in the distance, Zhang Liang looked afar, then clenched his fists, his eyes revealed a sinister look.

The lightning was no joke. Just getting struck once by this terrifying lightning would cause so much damage already; what’s more, Lin Xiu, a warrior who can’t even unfold the ‘Sphere’, would definitely be struck by lightning at least once since he had to stay there for three days! He’s going to suffer!

With this thought, Zhang Liangqian’s mouth curled up into a smile.

And at this time, he remembered Luo Yue whom he met on the spacecraft.

Luo Yue was too stunning. Even though in this era, beautiful women could be created through cosmetic surgery, there was no way to imitate that kind of temperament.

The more he thought about it, the more it itches him.

“Hng! I don’t believe that you can ignore me forever.”

Zhang Liangqian really didn’t want to let go of this opportunity. At this time, he seemed to have thought of something and there was a strange look in his eyes.

Lin Xiu, who was on the top of the mountain, continued to rush towards the lightning strikes for three days, constantly absorbing the energy of the lightning.

And during this period of time, these other warriors who were also locked up on the top of the mountain also noticed Lin Xiu’s anomaly.

Because Lin Xiu was constantly rushing in the direction where the lightning struck, it was obvious that he was doing it deliberately, as if he was enjoying the pleasure of being struck by lightning.

At first, the warriors were just like Lan Tu, thinking that Lin Xiu was a pervert who was not afraid of death, but later, they looked very shocked.

“Finally level up!”

On the night of the third day, as another lightning struck, Lin Xiu clenched his fist exclaimed in excitement.

During these three days, Lin Xiu relied on the ‘Engulf’ skill and ‘Cultivation Technique’ and had no idea how much lightning power he had absorbed.

And he relied on the power of the lightning strikes to train his body. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

He wasn’t sure how many layers of skin had been taken off. Every time the skin falls off and the new skin grows out, his whole body seems to become more powerful!

Entering the system interface at this time, Lin Xiu saw his current stats:

Host: Lin Xiu

Level: Level 28

Experience points: 0/40 billion

Strength: 550

Physique: 258

Speed: 120

Skills: Analytic Eye, Fury, Disguise, Engulf, Mirror Image

Rage build-up: 0/100

Potential points: 28

Title: Rank 5 warrior (Unused title: Rank 1 warrior, Rank 3 warrior, Rank 4 warrior, Rank 5 warrior)

Since he had 28 potential points… he shall add it to Physique first, after all, he felt that his strength was sufficient at this point.

Lin Xiu didn’t think too much and added 28 potential points to Physique. At this time, the physique of 258 points became 286 points in the next moment.

As soon as the points were added to his Physique attribute, Lin Xiu had a great feeling in his body.

Comfortable, it’s so comfortable.

Boom boom——

But at this moment, Lin Xiu heard loud noises in the sky again.

Lin Xiu raised his head to look at the sky, his brows furrowed.

What’s happening?

After staying here for three days, Lin Xiu had already memorized the timing of these thunderbirds.

Generally speaking, the thunderbirds would attract the thunder at about the same time every day and the time deviation would not exceed half an hour.

But now at five o’clock in the morning, the thunderbirds should not be attracting thunder!

Lin Xiu was not the only one surprised, but Lan Tu and the others were also awake from the state of cultivation as they opened their eyes and looked up to the sky.

“This…what is going on?”

These warriors were shocked and terrified when they saw this scene because they had consumed a lot of physical energy to block and evade the previous round of lightning strikes and now if the lightning strikes down again, they would be in a very dangerous situation!