Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 395: Bad Intentions

Squeak–

At this moment, the ice crystal white bird was standing on Luo Yue’s hand and it didn’t seem to be struggling. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

There was a pale blue crystal in its mouth and he held it with his claws from time to time, then pecked it with his beak.

“High-ranking evolved beasts grow very fast, otherwise, how did you think they became so big.” Luo Yue glanced at Lin Xiu, then said faintly.

“That makes sense.” Hearing Luo Yue’s words, Lin Xiu nodded.

“But why does it seem to be very close to you.” Lin Xiu said, looking at the little ice crystal white bird standing on Luo Yue’s white tender palm.

When they were at the exchange center previously, the little ice crystal white bird had hostility towards the old man.

Could it be because Luo Yue is pretty?

“I think it might be because of this.” Luo Yue knitted her beautiful brows slightly, then seemed to think of something and a white flame appeared in the palm of the other hand.

The flame was white, just like a white lotus, it looked very beautiful.

The little ice crystal white bird who was eating the odd crystals seemed to sense something and quickly chewed up the odd crystal that it was biting in its mouth.

Then, at the next moment, it looked in front. Those small eyes looked at the lotus flower in Luo Yue’s palm and its eyes lit up.

The feathered wings on its body fluttered and after an attempt to take off, it moved its wings and flew directly onto the other palm of Luo Yue.

“Be careful!” Seeing the little ice crystal white bird flying to the ice lotus fire, Lin Xiu called out.

It was just born and even a normal flame would have a very big impact on it, let alone the ice lotus fire.

But something unexpected happened and Lin Xiu’s eyes widened in the next moment.

Because the little ice crystal white bird, that was in the flames, not only was not injured, but it also looked very happy.

And its mouth opened slightly and it started to consume the ice lotus fire.

“This…” Lin Xiu’s eyes widened when he saw this scene.

“The ice crystal white bird itself is an extremely cold evolved beast.” Luo Yue looked at this scene, but did not look surprised and explained calmly.

Lin Xiu was startled, then he remembered that this ice crystal white bird itself was an evolved beast with extremely cold attributes.

And the adult ice crystal white bird of rank 7 was very terrifying- the icy air that it exuded, even rank 8 warriors did not dare to take it lightly.

At this time, this little ice crystal white bird was still taking in the power of the ice lotus fire.

Although the ice lotus fire was said to be fire, it was a very cold fire, which sounded very contradictory.

This kind of flame not only caused no harm to the ice crystal white bird but also had a nourishing effect.

“It’s really weird…” Lin Xiu couldn’t help muttering to himself when he saw this scene.

Continuous release of the ice lotus fire uses up source strength. Soon, as the ice lotus fire in Luo Yue’s hand disappeared, the little ice crystal white bird looked at Luo Yue’s palm and seemed to be looking for the ice lotus fire.

After realizing that there was no more ice lotus fire, the little ice crystal white bird flapped its wings, then flew to Lin Xiu’s side and stood directly on Lin Xiu.

The little head rubbed against Lin Xiu’s neck.

“Haha… that’s ticklish…” Lin Xiu suddenly felt itchy.

And now Lin Xiu could feel that the little ice crystal white bird’s body has a very cold touch.

Like a piece of ice.

Luo Yue smiled when she saw this scene. She looked at the sun shining through the courtyard and immediately picked up her long sword, walked to the courtyard, and wielded the sword.

This was her daily compulsory homework and today was no exception.

“You stay here for now.” When Lin Xiu saw Luo Yue starting to practice, he held the little ice crystal white bird in his hand and let its body fall on the side of the refrigeration box.

Although its growth rate was amazing, it hasn’t been long since it was born and it was still very fragile. If it didn’t stay in an icy area, it would still have a great impact on it.

“Squeak——” The ice crystal white bird called out to Lin Xiu, then hugged an odd crystal that Lin Xiu had just put in the refrigeration box and began to eat.

Lin Xiu smiled when he saw this scene, sat on the floor next to it, took a deep breath, and continued to use ‘Cultivation Techniques’ to absorb all the energy in the surrounding air into his body.

The most urgent task now was to quickly upgrade his strength to rank 6. As long as he reaches rank 6, he could learn many new skills and by that time, his strength would increase exponentially!

Time went by as Lin Xiu cultivated until the sky began to darken.

What Lin Xiu didn’t know at this time was that a black figure was making its way over.

“Phew.” Lin Xiu took a deep breath at this time, then laid on the ground.

After a day of cultivation, Lin Xiu’s body was now covered in sweat.

“So tired!”

When Lin Xiu looked at the ceiling, there was a sudden ‘swish’ and a glimmer of cold light flashed from the corner of Lin Xiu’s eyes.

The pupils in Lin Xiu’s eyes constricted.

In the next moment, his body dodged.

Boom–

A long sword pierced directly at the location where Lin Xiu was just now.

Lin Xiu, who dodged to the other side, looked at the position where he was laying and saw a familiar figure.

“It’s you!?”

Seeing this man, Lin Xiu had a look of surprise in his eyes.

Because this person was Yu Yi, whom he had beaten into a coma in the ring!

“Your reaction speed is quite fast.” Yu Yi looked at Lin Xiu with murderous eyes and said coldly.

Swish swish swish——

And at this moment, Lin Xiu could clearly see that behind Yu Yi, there were seven to eight men in black and all of them were holding long swords that exuded cold light.

And Luo Yue, who was practicing swordsmanship in the courtyard, had disappeared.

The incomers had bad intentions. Ah, they… wanted his life!