Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 398: Cyborg Yu Yi

‘Torrential Storm of Rose Flowers’!!! Lin Xiu ran directly to the back using the ‘Mirror Image’ skill. With a Dark Edge spear in his right hand, he pierced Yu Yi’s body directly!

Swish swish swish——

The pattern on the spear lit up at this moment.

Lin Xiu could sense that it was as if the Dark Edge spear had merged with him into one body and his power was transferred to the body of the spear, displaying his full strength!

The Dark Edge spear that pierced over had turned into countless spears and Yu Yi’s expression changed drastically.

He could no longer see which was an illusion with his naked eye or if all of the spears were real!

Sphere!

Yu Yi had no choice but to unfold the ‘Sphere’ once again!

As the ‘Sphere’ unfolded, all of Lin Xiu’s attacks pierced his ‘Sphere’.

Bang bang bang——

Within this short second, it seemed as if the spear had pierced dozens of times, all of which hit the ‘Sphere’ he unfolded.

The powerful and terrifying impact was directly transmitted to Yu Yi’s body through the ‘Sphere’.

What’s going on, why is this guy suddenly so terrifying…

After Yu Yi felt that Lin Xiu had become much stronger, his expression changed drastically.

bang bang bang——

Lin Xiu didn’t stop the movement of his hand, the Dark Edge spear danced wildly, constantly attacking his unfolded ‘Sphere’.

Stab, slash across, slash downward, the attacks did not stop at all.

“Break… right now!!!” In the next moment, the spearhead of the Dark Edge spear was carrying a fiery red flame as it slashed over!

Boom–

Yu Yi’s unfolded “Sphere” was directly cut open!

How could this be!

Yu Yi was completely shocked, but Lin Xiu still didn’t stop and continued to strike!

Boom–

Yu Yi didn’t have time to think. He stretched out his hands to grab Lin Xiu’s Dark Edge spear at the area just below the spear body.

Crackling——

As he gripped the body of the Dark Edge Spear tightly and prevented the Dark Edge spear from striking again, the lightning on the spear went directly to his body.

It sounded like beans getting fried and the clothes on his body began to turn black.

He’s fine?!

Watching Yu Yi take this blow and the lightning on his body was directly transmitted to Yu Yi’s body through the spear, Yu Yi wasn’t affected at all, making Lin Xiu very surprised.

One must know that even if it was the lightning that Lin Xiu released himself, after a period of time, even Lin Xiu would feel uncomfortable in his body.

But at this moment, Lin Xiu clearly saw a faint blue light in Yu Yi’s eyes, flashing continuously.

“Are you a cyborg?!” Lin Xiu came to his senses quickly and said directly.

“Hng!” Yu Yi snorted coldly, ignoring Lin Xiu and kicking Lin Xiu’s abdomen! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Lin Xiu leaned to the side and dodged his attack, then he triggered his mind, and the source strength that covered the Dark Edge spear turned into flames instantly.

Zi zi zi——

He had become a cyborg so he didn’t feel any pain anymore, but after seeing that his hand that was holding Lin Xiu’s spear was burned by the flames, he let go instinctively.

His right palm was already blurred by the flames, but there was no blood in his palm at all. Upon closer inspection, Lin Xiu could clearly see that his entire palm was already mechanized.

“You’re really a cyborg.” Lin Xiu couldn’t help but sneered when he saw this scene.

A cyborg could remove its pain receptors, and depending on the materials used, it should be very advanced and the hardness of the body was even more terrifying than the average warrior.

No wonder Lin Xiu’s lightning didn’t have an effect on him. Yu Yi probably directly converted it into energy.

Wait a minute…

Lin Xiu seemed to have thought of something at this time and the corners of his mouth suddenly curled up.

“I became this way all thanks to you!!!” Hearing Lin Xiu’s words, Yu Yi suddenly became furious and continued to rush towards Lin Xiu!

There was deep hatred in his eyes. If it weren’t for Lin Xiu, he wouldn’t have become a cyborg!

You must know that after becoming a cyborg, your future strength would be fixed to this level and there will be no way of improving!

“‘Great Claws’!!!” As Lin Xiu exposed Yu Yi’s identity of being a cyborg, he directly used his powerful skill to attack Lin Xiu at this time!

With the use of his skill, the moment he swung his claws towards Lin Xiu, he turned into many illusions and the sharp claws also seemed to have multiplied, encircling Lin Xiu!

But Lin Xiu, who was standing there, was not afraid at all and didn’t dodge at all.

Boom–

With a loud sound, Lin Xiu’s body was instantly torn into countless pieces!

“I knew you’re here!”

But at this moment, Yu Yi’s figure appeared in the air as he said grimly.

And Lin Xiu’s figure was also in the air!

Yu Yi had clearly seen through ‘Mirror Image’!

Swish——

Yu Yi jumped into the air and waved his powerful right paw, then attacked Lin Xiu’s body!

Lin Xiu’s expression changed and used the spear body to block the front of his body.

Yu Yi’s claws caught the Dark Edge Spear and a lot of sparks burst out as Lin Xiu fell directly to the ground because of this powerful force.

Boom——

In the next moment, his whole body fell to the wooden floor.

“Hng!” Yu Yi looked at Lin Xiu, who had fallen to the ground. Lin Xiu’s entire body slammed into planks of the ground but he was still using the spear to block Yu Yi’s claws. Otherwise, his claws would have cut his body.

Crackling——

And at this time, Lin Xiu released a large amount of lightning.

These bolts of lightning not only surrounded Lin Xiu’s body but also Yu Yi’s body.

The powerful lightning seemed to scorch the surrounding air.

Those people in black got a little bit afraid when they saw this scene. If they directly touched this lightning, their bodies would probably be blackened!