Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 400: Yu Yi’s death!

The lightning contains the energy from the Red Lotus Fire. As Yu Yi absorbed all the energy into his body, Yu Yi’s body was being destroyed by the lightning that was created from the Red Lotus Fire.

“Don’t be too happy now!!” Yu Yi was in a rage when he saw the look on Li Xiu’s face.

He wasn’t aware that there were already sparks appearing all over his body. At the same time, he gathered all his energy and dashed towards Lin Xiu.

His entire mind had been enveloped by the anger that he had for Lin Xiu. He wasn’t thinking about anything else.

He just wanted to get rid of Lin Xiu!

Lin Xiu twisted his finger and spun the Dark Edge that was on his right hand when he saw Yu Yi heading in his direction. Then, he grabbed onto his spear tightly and attacked Yu Yi head-on. He did not plan on dodging the other party’s attack.

Clang Clang Clang – –

Yu Yi was continued to swirl around with his claws and was attacking Lin Xiu like a mad man.

However, his claws couldn’t even touch Lin Xiu’s body as he was blocked by Lin Xiu and his spear.

His face turned extremely hideous.

He wants to kill Lin Xiu. He must kill Lin Xiu!

The energy from inside of Yu Yi’s body was exploding uncontrollably and his attack looked extremely terrifying but Lin Xiu was still trying to block the attacks.

It might seem like Lin Xiu who had the lower hand, but he knew that if they were to continue fighting in this manner, Yu Yi was the one who would lose!

This was because the lightning coming from Lin Xiu’s body was heading towards Yu Yi.

These lightning contained energy from the Red Lotus Fire which was why Yu Yi’s body was constantly being destroyed by Lin Xiu.

If it wasn’t because Yu Yi could no longer feel the pain from his inner organs, he would definitely feel the intense pain now.

“Stop hiding!!” Yu Yi saw that Lin Xiu was still trying to dodge and block his attack and suddenly became even angrier.

Part of it was because he realized his attack wasn’t doing any harm to Lin Xiu!

Crack Crack– –

At the same time, the skin all over his body was letting out a weird sound and soon, it began to crack.

It started on his arm and then his face. They were cracking apart and slowly revealing the inner parts that were made of metals.

Lin Xiu would see the sparks that were coming from his metal arm that was revealed underneath the skin with his naked eyes.

Yu Yi was in a mad state now and did not realize that his energy was slowly deteriorating.

Lin Xiu took a step back. Then, as Yu Yi was still trying to swing his claws towards Lin Xiu, trying to harm him, Lin Xiu narrowed his eyes and a dangerous look appeared.

This was his chance!

When he saw his opportunity, he ran towards Yu Yi as he gripped onto the Dark Edge tightly!

” [Heavenly Dragon Wrecks the City] !!!”

There was only one more minute left in his ‘Rage’! Lin Xiu finally realized the strongest skills that he had at this moment without any hesitation!

With Lin Xiu’s loud, angry cry, the white markings on the black spear suddenly became brighter, looking extremely dazzling.

At that moment, there was a large amount of black material that was coming from the spear. It started from the end of the spear and was slowly headed towards the tip of it!

Hua La – –

Within seconds, there was a huge dragon’s head that was formed by the black material coming from the spear and flew out of the spear!

The black dragon opened its mouth and bit onto Yu Yi who was heading towards it, turning him motionless!

“Sh*t!!!” When Yu Yi realized that he was being bitten by the weird dragon head that was formed by the black material coming from the spear, he was trying to wriggle his way out.

But he realized he couldn’t do it no matter what!

Clang Clang Clang – –

Lin Xiu was already right in front of him and the Dark Edge spear started attacking his body!

Slash, cut, and stab!

As the Dark Edge Spear landed on his body, there were loud sounds of metal collision one after another.

One after another, with Lin Xiu controlling the Dark Edge, it was like a black shadow that was continuously hitting his body.

Clang Clang – –

The metal that he used for the cyborgs in his body was terribly tough but with Lin Xiu’s mad attacks, there were already a large number of cracks appearing on his body. At the same time, there were still multiple sparks coming out of his body.

Yu Yi wanted to break free but he was being firmly bitten by the black dragon, unable to move. Plus, with each attack from Lin Xiu, the damage on his body was extremely scary, he didn’t have the chance to fight back.

Within a short period of time, Lin Xiu had already continuously attacked him about a hundred times! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Rise!” Following that, with the disappearance of the shadow of the Black Dragon along with the Heavenly Dragon Wrecks the City, Lin Xiu picked up the spear and threw Yu Yi’s body into the air!

Sh*t….. I would never lose!

Yu Yi was looking down onto the ground as he was thrown into the air, he saw Lin Xiu who was holding the spear with a cold, chilling aura surrounding him.

Yu Yi still wasn’t aware that the skin all over his body was slowly breaking away. His entire person was now left with the metal frame and he was no longer looking like a normal human being.

He widened his eyes, looking for an opportunity to attack. His body wanted to move in order to dodge Lin Xiu’s attack but he couldn’t do so. His body was no longer in control of his own body. He couldn’t move any part of it at all.

He finally looked at himself and noticed that his body was already extremely damaged to the point of no return and there were multiple sparks coming out of his body.

“Goodbye now.”

Yu Yi, who was still in the air, noticed that he was already falling back onto the ground, with the cold words from Lin Xiu and the Dark Edge Spear in his arm, started slashing towards Yu Yi in a crescent direction!

With the sparks flashing by, Yu Yi’s body was broken into two parts and has been thrown into two ends of the hall.

Boom– –

A loud explosion rang through the hall along with the explosion of Yu Yi’s body that was already in two parts.

Everything has finally come to an end.

“Hu….” Lin Xiu, who just got rid of Yu Yi, suddenly felt weak and fell onto the ground.

The effect of the rage was gone…

Lin Xiu could feel all the energy draining away and started panting.

“Ding!”

“Congratulations on killing a rank three warrior! You have gained 300 million experience points!”

Lin Xiu heard the notification from the system that was coming from inside his brain.

300 million experience! That’s pretty good.

However, he was still far away from getting onto another rank. It would be great if he could go back to the isolation area like before. If he was able to absorb all the energy from the lightning, he would be able to get more experience within a shorter period of time.

But Lin Xu knew that after what happened before, the leaders from the school wouldn’t place him back in isolation, right?

Boommmm – –

At the same time, there was another loud sound that came from the other side of the hall.