Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 403: Provoked

“Monitor, did you meet anything when you were in the Dark Forest?” Jiang Li looked at Lin Xiu and asked.

“That’s right, Monitor. Tell us about what you saw in the Dark Forest.” One of the female classmates who was by Lin Xiu’s side said.

Due to Lin Xiu’s abilities and the leadership skills that he had, most of his classmates were really respectful towards him.

Lin Xue definitely deserved the title of being called the ‘monitor’.

As for Luo Yue who was still swinging around her sword at the side, she felt uncomfortable when she saw how there were multiple girls who were standing around Lin Xiu.

She subconsciously glared at Lin Xiu.

Lin Xiu, who was busy telling them what happened, suddenly felt chills running down his spine.

Lin Xiu turned around to see what it was but he only saw how Luo Yu was still focused on practicing as she was still twirling with the sword in her hands.

That’s not right. He was sure that he felt a murderous look coming from behind him.

Lin Xiu couldn’t help but gulp before turning to his classmate and helplessly said, “Don’t come too close. I’m running out of air.”

“HAHAHAHAHAH.” After hearing what he said, everyone started laughing.

Then, Lin Xiu sat on the ground and started telling them everything that happened.

As for the rest of his classmates, all of them were really interested in what happened to Lin Xiu in the Dark Forest. All of them gathered around and were extremely focused as they listened to the stories that Lin Xiu was telling them.

Boom – –

After a short period of time, just as Lin Xiu was still going on with his stories, there was a loud bang from outside.

When all of them heard the loud sound, everyone turned towards the door. They immediately saw a group of boys in the Sacred Region Academy uniform by the door and were walking towards them.

“Oh? Looks like everyone in your class is here?” One of the tallest warriors who were in front looked at Lin Xiu and his classmates.

“Wan Ling?” When Zhang Yin saw him, he frowned and quickly got up.

“They’re from the seventh class?” Lin Xiu took a look at each of them and clearly saw the ‘seventh’ mark that was on their Sacred Region Academy uniform.

“En. They were the ones that we fought in a friendly match a few days ago.” Jiang Li looked at them with an unfriendly look in his eyes as he answered Lin Xiu.

“What do you want?” Zhang Ying walked over to them and asked.

“Nothing much. We’re just here to inform you that we’re ready to fight you now.” Wan Ling glared at Lin Xiu with a murderous look in his eyes.

The tenth class was the bottom class. If it wasn’t because of Lin Xiu, it would be impossible for them to get any good results.

Plus, they had purposely chosen to challenge the tenth class when Lin Xiu went on a mission, thinking that it would be a sure win for them. However, this led to their carelessness and they entered the match thinking that it was only a game.

None of them expected that the result was that they lost!

As they thought of it, they felt unhappy and dissatisfied. It was a match that they would definitely win but they lost!

“What’s wrong? Are you afraid?” Wan Ling looked at Zhang Ying and mocked him.

Hearing his question, Zhang Ying couldn’t help but frown. He still had fractures in a few bones all over his body from the previous battle and a lot of his injuries haven’t healed completely.

Plus, if they were here prepared, the odds of the tenth class winning would be low. This was because most of them in the seventh class were of ranks much higher than the tenth class.

The only reason why they won previously was obvious. It was because the seventh class was careless but also because the tenth class had been working hard. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“We already won last time. Why should we fight with you again?” Li Ping stood up, walked towards them, and shouted at Wan Ling and his classmates.

“Tsktsk, the last class would always be the last class. Just because you won once, you think that you’ve won all of us?” One of the boys behind Wan Ling glared at Li Ping and said in a cold tone.

“What’s wrong? We were just playing around. Did you really think that you won us? Since you’re being so gutsy, fight with us one more time!” One of the boys from the seventh class screamed at Li Ping.

“Well, we’re the ones who won and the entire school knows that.” Li Ping raised his hands helplessly.

“You…” After hearing Li Ping, everyone from the seventh class including Wan Ling had a change of expression. All of them were looking extremely awful.

This was an insult! The tenth class! They lost to the tenth class!

“That’s enough. If there’s nothing else, please do not disturb our class.” Zhang Ying looked at Lin Xiu and said with a smile on his face.

Wan Ling’s face turned gloomy and it looked as if he had just been served with feces.

“Are you sure?” Wan Ling questioned Zhang Ying once again.

“Yes. We won’t.” Zhang Ying shook his head.

Boom – –

As soon as Zhang Ying answered him, there was a man from behind Wan Ling who dashed towards the tenth class with his fist!

Zhang Ying obviously didn’t think that this man would be attacking him this way!

Luckily, his reflex was considered quick. Just when the fist was about to hit him, he raised his right arm and placed it in front of his head, protecting his head.

Boom – –

Along with another soft sound, Zhang Ying could feel a huge force pushing onto him. Within seconds, his entire body flew backward and landed on the ground.

“Zhang Ying!” When they saw what happened, everyone was shocked. They didn’t expect that those from the seventh class would be attacking them this way!

“Zhang Ying, are you alright?” Lei lei, Zhang Ying’s girlfriend, ran over and checked on him while helping him stand.

“I’m fine.” Zhang Ying shook his head. Just when he wanted to support himself on the ground with his hand, he felt a sharp pain running through his arm and he couldn’t help but frown.

Pain! It was extremely painful! It felt as if his bones were about the tear apart.

“F**k! You’re being too much!” Li Ping clenched onto a first and shouted towards Wan Ling and his gang.

“Hmph!” Wan Ling and his classmates sneered and didn’t say another word.

“I already told you. Have another match with us and this shall be over soon.”

“Tsk tsk, if you’re that frightened, all of you from the tenth class are allowed to attack together.” One of the boys from behind Wan Ling said in an arrogant tone.