Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 407: She’s Not Joining

Although Zhang Yin and the others were constantly improving now, they could only tolerate training under five times the gravity.

And they could only last for about an hour at most before they lose their strength and can no longer bear it.

But Lin Xiu and Luo Yue were now under ten times the gravity for three hours!

Are they even human?

“Brother Lin and Luo Yue are inside…” Li Ping said with a lewd smile on his face.

“Inside doing what?” Just when Li Ping spoke, the door of the gravity room had already been opened.

Lin Xiu looked at Li Ping and asked with a smile.

“No, I didn’t say anything!” Li Ping was shocked when he saw Lin Xiu suddenly come out and coupled with Lin Xiu’s smile, he felt a chill down his back.

Especially when Luo Yue came out afterward and glanced at him, he felt like he fell into an ice cave.

Li Ping shut his mouth knowingly at this time.

Lin Xiu gave him a funny look, then shook his head and said to Zhang Yin and the others, “Are you guys all right?”

“We’re okay, we just need a night’s rest and the bone fracture should be able to heal.” Zhang Yin smiled and said.

“En, that’s good.” Lin Xiu nodded but seeing that they were still around here, he asked, “What’s the matter, is there anything else?”

“By the way, I almost forgot!” Hearing Lin Xiu’s words, Li Ping slapped his head and said, “Brother Lin, look at the school forum!”

“School forum? What’s the matter?” Lin Xiu was puzzled.

Zhang Yin had already taken out his mobile phone at this time and opened the forum post for Lin Xiu.

Lin Xiu was startled, his eyes narrowed after reading this post.

“The post was posted about three hours ago – it was probably done by someone from class 7.” Lin Xiu obviously noticed the time of this post and connected the incident just now when he defeated Class 7. It was clear that it was them – someone from Class 7 did this.

“Yeah, why didn’t I think of that.” Zhang Yin and others have also noticed the date of this post now. At this time, they suddenly came to a realization.

“The people in Class 7 are too disgusting. They provoke us and want to use such a despicable method get back at Brother Lin!” Jiang Li was mad at this time.

“What are we going to do now?” Zhang Yin frowned. He didn’t expect that this post would become so popular after only three hours it was published.

Moreover, Zhang Yin realized that many people were deliberately fanning the flames.

“What should we do? Of course, we need to beat them all.” Lin Xiu handed the phone back to Zhang Yin, then the corners of his mouth curled up.

Beat them all?

Hearing Lin Xiu’s words, Zhang Yin and the others were stunned.

In their opinion, it was almost impossible to defeat all of them!

Although Lin Xiu and Luo Yue were very powerful but if they fought against Class 1 or 2, other than Lin Xiu and Luo Yue, the other remaining people would simply be abused!

“A guest has arrived.” At this moment, Lin Xiu glanced at the gate and said faintly.

As Lin Xiu spoke, the people in Class 10 saw many students coming by at the door.

“Oh? This is the training ground for class 10? Tsk tsk, it seems to be a lot worse than our Class 5.” At this time, at the door, a tall and muscular man in the uniform of the Sacred Region Academy looked around the training venue, then shook his head and said aloud.

“What do you mean by that, huh!?” Hearing this person’s sarcastic words, Li Ping couldn’t help it and walked up directly and said harshly. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The guy glanced at Li Ping, then shook his head in a disdainful manner.

“You…” Seeing the guy’s attitude, Li Ping clenched his hands in anger.

Although his current strength has just crossed the level of a rank 4 warrior, the guy in front of him was obviously a rank 5 warrior!

This kind of gap in strength was still very large.

“You want to challenge us?” Lin Xiu walked over at this time, patted Li Ping on the shoulder, and waved Li Ping not to get too agitated.

“Humph!” Li Ping took a deep breath at this time and snorted coldly at the man, then kept quiet.

“Yes, you’re that Lin Xiu, aren’t you?” The guy looked at Lin Xiu and clearly felt Lin Xiu’s power which was completely different from the rest of the students in Class 10.

“Yeah.” Lin Xiu glanced at them, then nodded.

There was no need to use the Analytical Eye at all right now; Lin Xiu could tell that this guy was only a rank 4 warrior, about to reach the level of a rank 5 warrior.

A warrior of this level didn’t have to worry about the current Lin Xiu at all.

“Very well, you seem quite reckless.” The guy looked at Lin Xiu at this time and said coldly.

“I am Wu Fei from Class 7 and I represent our class to formally challenge you!” Wu Fei looked at Lin Xiu in the eyes and said in a cold voice.

He had thought about it. Lin Xiu was the only difficult opponent in Class 10 and he didn’t have to be afraid of the rest of them at all. If it was five against five, as long as two people deal with Lin Xiu, the other three could take care of the rest of Class 10. After getting rid of the other four people in Class 10, all five of them could join forces to attack Lin Xiu together!

“En, right now?: Lin Xiu nodded and said faintly.

Hearing Lin Xiu’s words, the people in Class 5 were stunned. They had no idea that Lin Xiu would agree so readily!

“Right now then! See you in the martial arts center in half an hour!” Seeing Lin Xiu’s undaunted appearance, Wu Fei suddenly became annoyed and snorted coldly.

“Sure.” Lin Xiu nodded and didn’t look afraid at all.

“Let’s go!” Hearing Lin Xiu’s words, Wu Fei snorted coldly and said to the people in his class.

Watching those from Class 5 leave, Li Ping sneered at this time, “Hng, they really think that they could win, huh. As long as we have Brother Lin and Luo Yue, two of them are enough to get rid of his five people.”

“No, she won’t be joining.” Just then, Lin Xiu spoke.

“Not joining?” Zhang Yin and others were stunned when they heard Lin Xiu’s words.