Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 559: You Use Electricity Too?

Translator: Dragon Boat Translation Editor: Dragon Boat Translation

“Who the hell are you?”

Before Lin Lang and the others could speak, a sturdy man stood in front of Lin Xiu and said coldly.

He looked at Lin Xiu with disdain.

Because Lin Xiu was really too young. There are gifted people in this world, but most of the powerful warriors were over thirty.

“Tell me.” Lin Xiu ignored the man’s words and continued to speak to Lin Lang.

“They said we hid some energy body and asked us to explain where this thing is.” Lin Lang said without hesitation at this time.

Energy body?

Lin Xiu was stunned for a moment, and then he figured it out. It was very likely that they had reached the area where the space crack appeared and met this group of people there.

These people thought that Lin Lang and the others got something, so they asked them to hand it over.

However, they would never have thought that the Thunder Lotus Fire had already been absorbed by Lin Xiu.

“Well, let’s go.” Lin Xiu nodded and said directly.

“Boy, you are very arrogant.” Seeing that Lin Xiu ignored them directly, the faces of these warriors also became nasty.

At this moment, one of the warriors directly reached out to Lin Xiu and grabbed him.

Boom–

But when his hand was about to touch Lin Xiu’s body, Lin Xiu dodged his attack.

And in the next moment, Lin Xiu’s left hand grabbed his wrist.

“You…!”

The sturdy man’s face changed, and just as he was about to make a move, he heard a ‘clack clack’ sound from his wrist.

“What!!!”

The severe pain made him cry out loudly.

“Courting death!”

The rest of the strong warriors also came to their senses, holding the weapons in their hands and attacking Lin Xiu!

Lin Xiu shoved hard and pushed the man out, waving his Dark Edge spear in one hand!

Dang dang-

With the continuous sound of metal collisions, the men who besieged Lin Xiu were all knocked out by Lin Xiu!

“Let’s go.” Lin Xiu looked at those warriors who flew out and lay on the ground crying endlessly, and then said lightly.

Lin Lang and the others were stunned. The strength of those warriors was not simple, they were definitely around the sixth rank, but they were knocked out by Lin Xiu so easily. They didn’t have any power to fight back!

Although they knew that Lin Xiu was very strong before, they never imagined that he would be so strong.

“Let’s go.” Lin Lang also came to his senses now, and then said to his companions.

“Where are you going?”

But at this moment, a voice came from the front.

Taking a closer look, the people of this Thunder Corp had all gathered here.

The corpse of the huge evolved beast of different dimensions was also thrown aside.

A man with a crew cut, dressed in a very retro style, walked in the middle.

“You hit our people and want to leave?” The man glanced at Lin Xiu and the others, and said coldly.

“These guys dare to offend the people of the Thunder Corp, they are finished!”

Some warriors who clearly knew them also whispered at this time.

“It was your people who started it!”

A man among Lin Lang and the others clenched his fist and said aloud.

“We don’t know about the energy body at all yet your people captured us.” Lin Lang also said emotionally at this time.

For them, this was indeed a very humiliating thing.

The students of the Sacred Region Academy were the cream of the crop. How could they have suffered such humiliation?

“I only saw that you’ve touched my people.”

Lei Jun looked at Lin Xiu and the others and said lightly.

Lei Jun, the man with the crew cut, has a powerful aura, and the killing intent in his eyes was even more terrifying.

“Let’s go.” Lin Xiu said without panic, looking at Lin Lang and the others.

“But…” Lin Lang looked around, and dozens of people from the Thunder Corp surrounded them.

How?

“Follow him.” But Lin Lang watched Lin Xiu walk forward, hesitated for a moment, then said aloud to the person beside him.

They nodded, and the group ignored the Thunder Corp’s people and continued to walk forward.

“These people are crazy…”

Seeing Lin Xiu’s ‘arrogant’ behavior, the warriors who were watching the show not far away were shocked.

“Very good.” Lei Jun watched Lin Xiu continue to move towards him, ignoring their existence, his eyes bursting with infinite killing intent.

Just when Lin Xiu was about to walk in front of him, Lei Jun moved.

He took the twin warhammer in his hand and smashed it directly towards Lin Xiu!

It was relatively rare to use a warhammer as a weapon, but almost all those who use this weapon were very powerful.

As his twin warhammer swung towards Lin Xiu, there seemed to be an explosion in the air.

If he was hit, Lin Xiu might be seriously injured, but Lin Xiu’s speed was very fast like a shadow and he easily avoided his attack.

“That’s all?” Lin Xiu said indifferently while dodging the attack of his warhammer again.

Lei Jun’s face became a little ugly and the speed of swinging the warhammer with both hands became much faster.

And at this time, a large number of electric lights flickered on his twin warhammers.

Obviously, he was serious.

“Oh? You also use electricity?” Lin Xiu immediately became interested when he saw this scene. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Lei Jun is the one who forged his body with ‘Thunderbolt’ in the Valley of Thunder. This guy is dead!”

Looking at the lightning that appeared on Lei Jun’s twin warhammers, some warriors were excited.

But at this moment, the Dark Edge spear in Lin Xiu’s hand also had a lot of lightning!

What’s going on!?

Seeing the lightning that appeared from the Dark Edge spear in Lin Xiu’s hand, the surrounding warriors were all shocked.

“He… he uses lightning too!?”

Lei Jun was shocked when he saw the lightning burst from Lin Xiu’s spear.

After all, if you want to use the source strength to transform lightning as an attack method, your body must also be able to withstand the impact of this lightning.

That is to say, Lin Xiu has also undergone ‘Lightning’ body forging, and has a certain resistance to lightning.

“Displaying your mediocre skill before an expert huh!” Lei Jun roared, moving even faster!

Bang bang bang-

Lin Xiu held the spear in his hand and fought him wildly!