Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 564: The Secrets of the Tower of Trials

Translator: Dragon Boat Translation Editor: Dragon Boat Translation

“You’re here, come in.”

In a spacious office, Dean Bai Li sat behind his desk with his eyes looking at the notification that came from his screen.

Zhiiii Yaaaa – –

As soon as he finished speaking, the doors of the office were pushed open.

“You have really good detection skills.” It was obviously Lin Xiu who opened the door.

Lin Xiu was still in shock. He had just stepped into the office and was still hesitating if he should go into the office when Dean Bai Li already knew that he was there.

Dean Bai Li looked at Lin Xiu and smiled, “Looks like you have grown a lot from this trip.”

In his eyes, it seemed like the dean knew everything and it made Lin Xiu a little uncomfortable.

“I didn’t go to Area E99.” Lin Xiu walked over to his table and comfortably sat on one of the chairs.

“Well, it’s good that you didn’t. The Federal Government just got involved and they have probably locked down the area. You won’t be allowed inside even if you wanted to.” Dean Bai Li chuckled helplessly when he saw how Lin Xiu was already making himself comfortable on his chair and even poured himself a cup of tea.

“Thank god for that.” Lin Xiu pursed his lips.

“What about your girlfriend?” Dean Bai Li seemed to have thought of something and asked Lin Xiu out of curiosity.

Pffttt— –

When Lin Xiu heard what Dean Bai Li said, he choked on his tea.

“Hahahaha….take it slowly.” Dean Bai Li gently stroked his beard seeing how Lin Xiu was embarrassing himself.

Lin Xiu glared at him before answering him, “Something happened in her family which is why she headed home.”

“Oh?”

Dean Bai Li showed an interested look on his face as he said, “Back to Sky City, I believe.”

“Do you know about it?” Lin Xiu asked subconsciously.

“En. I know a little.”

“But….this would mean that there would be one less member participating in the World Warrior Competition. Looks like we’ll have to find a replacement...” Dean Bai Li continued stroking his beard as he was deep in thoughts.

“By the way, old man, regarding the Tower of Trial…..is there something up there?” Lin Xiu looked at him for a brief moment.

“Young fellow, this is the first time that anyone in this academy has called me an old man.” Dean Bai Li jokingly judged Lin Xiu for his action but still answered his question, “What about it? Why are you suddenly interested in the Tower of Trial?”

“Someone told me that if I made it to the top of the tower, I would be able to greatly improve my abilities.” Lin Xiu looked at Dean Bai Li for confirmation.

“Hmmm….he’s right.” Dean Bai Li immediately nodded his head.

“Seriously?!” Lin Xiu was stunned as he didn’t think that Dean Bai Li would answer so casually.

“Do you think it’s necessary for me to lie?” Dean Bai Li smiled.

Then, he stood up with his hands behind his back as he stared outside the window where he could see the Tower of Trials that was hidden amongst the thick clouds.

“This is one of the secrets of Sacred Region Academy. Only those who reached the 100th level would know.”

“What’s up there?” Lin Xiu got interested as well. He couldn’t help but wanted to know more.

Dean Bai Li did not answer Lin Xiu’s question. Instead, he said something else, “From the very beginning, other than the founders of the academy, there have only been 9 students from the Sacred Region Academy who have been to the top.”

“Those students…..are now as strong as me or perhaps….they are even stronger than me?”

Could it be that they’re now rank 9 warriors?!

Lin Xiu was bemused. What is it that is found on the highest ground of the Tower of Trials?

“You shouldn’t ask me what’s there. If you want to become stronger, you should try it yourself. Even if you don’t reach the 100th floor, you should still be able to reach the 50th floor. You would still gain a lot from that itself.” Dean Bai Li seemed to know what Lin Xiu wanted to ask and answered him even before Lin Xiu opened his mouth.

“I will definitely reach the 100th floor.” Lin Xiu said in a serious tone.

If it was only Ouyang Hang who told him, Lin Xiu might be suspicious but he was sure that the Dean wouldn’t lie to him.

Up on the highest floor of the Tower of Trials, he was sure that there was something hidden there.

“Haha….let’s hope so.” Dean Bai Li showed a peculiar look on his face before breaking out into a laugh loud.

“Oh, by the way, I can feel that both the evolved beasts are quite powerful. Where did you find them?” Dean Bai Li also noticed Rollie and Xiao Bai who were sitting on Lin Xiu’s shoulder.

“Hmmmmm...I found it on my trip. They’re my pets.” Lin Xiu simply gave him an answer.

Dean Bai Li replied with a smile and did not say anything else.

“You can try the Tower of Trial. You are qualified to do so now.” Dean Bai Li told Lin Xiu as he flipped through one of his notebooks. Then, he took out a unique card from inside and threw it to Lin xiu.

Lin Xiu caught the card and took a look at it. There were multiple markings on the card and it looked mysterious.

“Just come back for the competition next week.” Dean Bai Li reminded Lin Xiu.

“Alright, you may leave now.”

“Okay.” Since Dean Bai Li had already told him to leave, there was no point for Lin Xiu to stay any longer. He took the card for the Tower of Trials and left the room.

As soon as Lin Xiu left, there was another figure that walked out from a hidden spot in the office.

“Hehe….looks like he has grown a lot. He’s almost catching up to me.”

“You….” When Dean Bai Li saw her, he shook his head.

“I have already helped him as much as I can. As for the rest, it’s all up to him.”

“That’s weird. Why did I feel that there was another person inside that old man’s office?” When Lin Xiu stepped outside of the office, he couldn’t help but mumble to himself as he turned back and looked at the Dean’s office.

But, Lin Xiu didn’t think too much about it and went back to his home.

He wanted to directly head for the Tower of Trials but he thought of his weapon that was still being forged in the pavilion and decided against it.

Lin Xiu picked up a normal spear and continued training a few basic skills in the courtyard.

The foundation was the most important thing compared to anything else. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Time passed by quickly and it was already the next day, after finishing his lunch, he went to the Weapons Pavillion.

Since it was still early, there weren’t many people here since not many of them liked forging their weapons. Plus, a good weapon would usually last a long time which was why there weren’t many of them who were here to fix or get a new weapon.

“Eh? He’s not around?” Lin Xiu took a good look and frowned when he couldn’t find Qian Hu.