Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 567: Entered

Translator: Dragon Boat Translation Editor: Dragon Boat Translation

“Alright, thank you.” Lin Xiu smiled as he answered.

He took a deep breath, picked up his spear, and walked into the Tower of Trials.

Soon, Lin Xiu’s name appeared on the huge screen and the rest of them could see which floor he was on.

The first floor.

‘Beep’

At the same time, the man from earlier stared at Lin Xiu’s name that was on the screen and there was a hideous smile that grew on his face.

“Tang Chi, what are you doing?” Qu Tingting saw he was staring at Lin Xiu’s name and the hideous smile on his face. She couldn’t help but frowned.

When he heard what Qu Tingting said, the man known as Tang Chi sneered and said, “Nothing much. I just want to take a look at that newbie’s abilities.”

“You’re going to start from the first floor?” Qu Tingting frowned as she asked.

The Tower of Trials can be entered by multiple people and there was definitely a chance where others would meet together on the same floor.

There was also a hidden rule in the Tower of Trials….if anyone died inside the towel, no one would be held responsible for it.

“Hehe.” The man chuckled and immediately headed towards the entrance of the tower.

As the door opened, it was pitch black and Lin Xiu did not know what was in front of him.

“It’s huge?” Lin Xiu has just entered the first floor of the Tower of Trial.

As soon as he stepped inside, he noticed how spacious it was and it looked much bigger than it was from the outside.

The first floor was completely covered with buildings of the mechanical style. It was like a maze and Lin Xiu was confused as well.

As he continued further inside, he could hear a soft ringing sound from afar with his sensitive hearing.

Xiu – –

There was a sharp noise that came from the back of Lin Xiu’s head.

The look on his face changed when he heard the noise and quickly dove forward

Lin Xiu, who was already prepared for the attack, swiftly moved his body and successfully dodged the attack.

He managed to draw the distance between him and his enemies within seconds.

Then, Lin Xiu finally saw who it was that had been attacking him from behind.

Well…not to say who but what. It was a robot!

That’s right. The first challenge in the Tower of Trial was a robot.

This robot looks exactly like a human being and it didn’t even give Lin Xiu the time to rest. It dashed forward and continued throwing its golden fist in Lin Xiu’s direction!

The robot’s fist was extremely horrifying, for most ordinary warriors but for Lin Xiu, defeating it was a piece of cake.

Lin Xiu no longer dodged its attacks. Instead, he used the spear in his hands and pierced it forward!

Boom – –

With a soft groan, there was a hole that appeared on the robot’s head due to Lin Xiu’s spear before the robot could even touch Lin Xiu’s body. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Bi Li Hua La – –

There was a large amount of light that came from the robot’s head.

Then, within seconds, the robot exploded and turned into a group of scrap iron.

Beep beep beep – –

At the same time, there was a peculiar noise that started ringing.

As a bright light shone onto Lin Xiu’s body, he slowly dissipated into small particles and he soon disappeared into thin air.

“Hmm? He finished it that quickly?”

When Lin Xiu’s figure disappeared, there was another figure that walked out and that was Tang Chi.

He looked at the metal scraps that were on the ground from the defeated robot and looked a little surprised.

Lin Xiu has just entered this floor and has already succeeded?

Although it’s true that the first floor is relatively easier, he still spent quite some time fighting the robot.

“Hehehehe….a newbie. Interesting.” The hideous smile once again appeared on his face as he muttered to himself.

He has a twisted habit of torturing those who were much more talented than him but much weaker as well.

He assumed that Lin Xiu’s abilities were definitely much below his which is why he was going to teach Lin Xiu a lesson.

“Space teleportation device?” Lin Xiu saw how his body had been teleported to another floor and was shocked.

He took a good look at his surroundings and noticed that his environment now was completely different from the one before.

Compared to the mechanical style just now, the second floor was a desert.

Si Si Si – –

Then, there was a weird noise that came from the brown sand beneath him.

Lin Xiu took a step back subconsciously as he heard the noise and that’s when he saw a terrifying insect crawling out of the sand!

“A Hermit worm?!”

This worm was the one that he met while he was in the desert previously.

That was also the first time he met Zhang Yin and his friends.

“Weak.”

Lin Xiu swung his spear in the air and let out the flaming birds. The flaming birds rushed out of his spear and headed for the Hermit Worm.

The birds completely covered the body of the worm and there was a huge flame.

The worm struggled and winced due to the fire but soon, it ended up being roasted.

Similar to before, a bright purple light appeared and shone on Lin Xiu’s body and within seconds, Lin Xiu’s body dissipated and disappeared.

The 3rd floor, 4th floor, 5th floor – –

Lin Xiu was traveling up the floor at a quick speed. In the Tower of Trial, there were different types of creatures that you would meet on each floor. On some floors, it would require him to use his brains as he would have to trigger the mechanisms in order to leave the room.

“The 30th floor?!” Qu Tingting, who was outside the tower, was getting ready to enter when she noticed the changes on the screen.

“That’s...” Qu Tingting stared at it with her eyes wide open and was completely dumbfounded.

From the time that he entered the tower till now, it has only been a short period of time and he has already reached the 30th floor. That’s frightening.

“Damn it…..how did that guy move up so quickly...”

Tang Chi was still trying to catch up to Lin Xiu. Tang Chi was already panting but he still couldn’t find where Lin Xiu was.

But, as soon as he stepped onto the 30th floor, he finally found Lin Xiu.

Found him!

However, it was exhausting for him to find Lin Xiu since the highest floor that he had gone to was only the 35th floor.

This fella…..what’s the matter with him? How did he move so quickly?!

Then, he saw Lin Xiu sitting on the ground while grabbing onto something in both his hands.

What was he doing?!

Tang Chi was confused after seeing what Lin Xiu was doing.