Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

 

Chapter 568: Assassin

However, Lin Xiu wasn't even moving and Tang Chi had no idea what he was doing. There was a sharp, evil look in Tang Chi's eyes as he slowly walked towards Lin Xiu. As he got closer, he slowly took out his dagger. The dagger gave out a pale, blue glow and it was looking odd.

"Young boy....it's your luck that you met me here." The hideous smile appeared once again on his face as he muttered to himself.

His concealment technique was one of the best. While he was walking towards Lin Xiu, there wasn't a single sound heard.

He was just like the perfect assassin.

His body started shaking due to the thrill as he thought of how he would be the one killing such a talented warrior like Lin Xiu.

Goodbye!

He got closer to Lin Xiu and when he was sure that Lin Xiu was not moving at all, his body turned into a blakc figure that suddenly appeared right behind Lin Xiu. With the glowing dagger in his hand, he aimed it towards Lin Xiu's neck

Slashed! Boom--

However, at that moment, he realised that the 'Lin Xiu' who was supposed to be sitting on the ground suddenly disappeared!

What happened?! Tang Chi was stunned as he couldn't believe his eyes. He was sure that he would be able to kill Lin Xiu but Lin Xiu has just suddenly disappeared! He suddenly turned around and noticed that Lin XIu was actually behind him! "Oh? So it was you " Lin Xiu raised his eyebrows when he saw who it was. "When did you know that it was me?" Tang Chi widened his eyes in shock when he saw Lin Xiu who was near him. He grabbed onto his dagger tightly and asked Lin Xiu. He was now being very cautious as he could clearly feel that Lin Xiu was now an entirely different

person.

Compared to the one that had not entered the Tower of Trial, the man in front of him now was a complete stranger.

"When you entered." Lin Xiu smiled and answered. "That's impossible!" Tang Chi screamed out loud. He had completely concealed himself. How would it be possible for Lin Xiu to notice his presence?! He was extremely confident in his own skills and couldn't take such defeat. "Did you think that you could be happy just because I missed you once?!" Tang Chi was now completely enraged and gritted his teeth as he spoke to Lin Xiu. "I don't have to be responsible for it if I kill another person in here?" Lin Xiu asked out of curiosity. This bastard hasn't been kind since he met him outside of the tower. He didn't think that Tang Chi would follow him into the tower and even planned on killing him. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

In any other circumstances, if he killed his classmate in the academy, he would be kicked out of the Academy. If it got worse, the founders of the academy would even punish him with a death sentence.

However, this guy was publicly announcing that he wanted to kill Lin Xiu which meant that in the Tower of Trials, if a student died from either a murder or from failing the mission, no one would be held responsible for the student's death.

"That's right. Why did you think that the other name for this place was known as the Tower of Death?" Tang Chi assumed that Lin Xiu was getting scared and started laughing.

"I saw you sitting on the ground. It must be that you couldn't go any further? Not every floor is as easy as you think so..." Tang Chi was grinning as he licked the dagger, looking like a complete psycho.

"I'll make sure that you stay on the 3oth floor forever." As he said that, he quickly moved and disappeared before Lin Xiu had the time to react.

With the blink of an eye, his body appeared behind Lin Xiu! But, as he swung his dagger towards Lin Xiu's body, he disappeared as well! He missed again! Boom--

Then, he saw a bright red fist heading in his direction and the punch immediately landed on his body, throwing him to the other side of the room.

Pfft --Tang Chi rolled on the ground and held his chest as he tried to stand up. As soon as he got up, he spat out a mouthful of blood.

His body was now filled with numbness all over and it was painful as well. It felt as if he had been hit but lightning. "You want to kill me with that?" Lin Xiu shook his head as he asked casually. "Shut up!!!" When he saw how Lin Xiu was acting, Tang Chi got so mad that his lungs were about to explode. It was a game of cat and mouse but he didn't think that he would end up as the mouse!

He held the dagger with both his hands and clenched his jaw as he attacked Lin Xiu! Xiu xiu xiu - - As the dagger pierce through the air, it sounded as if the air around them had been torn apart since he was moving at an incredible speed.

Lin Xiu, on the other hand, was easily dodging his attacks and none of Tang Chi's attacks actually landed on Lin Xiu.

"AHHHHHH!!!!"

Tang Chi was about to lose his mind. He had already released all of his warrior skills and he wanted to kill Lin Xiu badly!

"Guess it's my turn now?"

As he was still headed towards Lin Xiu, Lin Xiu suddenly grabbed the dagger with his right hand and asked Tang Chi.

Lin Xiu had the Red Moon on his fist and had already covered both his fist with his source strength. Therefore, he did not suffer any injuries as he grabbed the dagger with his hands.

Tang Chi's eyes widened in surprise. He placed all of his strength onto his right hand, trying to grab the dagger back from Lin Xiu. But, no matter how hard he tried, the dagger still wouldn't budge! Boom - - Lin Xiu suddenly pulled and got hold of Tang Chi's dagger inside. Then, he threw the dagger onto the other side of the room and it landed on one of the walls on the floor. "Well, I guess it's my turn now?" Lin Xiu gave a bright, sunshine smile. However, this smile was also the one that caused chills to run through Tang Chi's body. Xiu - - Lin Xiu moved and he disappeared just like a shadow. Tang Chi was about to turn around to see where he was when he suddenly felt a strong face that came from behind. That's when he felt his body being thrown in the air! But...that wasn't the end of it. His body was still in the air when he saw Lin Xiu waiting for him at the exact spot where he was about to land! "Goodbye!" Lin Xiu said coldly as he threw a punch!

 