Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 572: Don’t Touch It, You’d Better Not Touch It

Translator: Dragon Boat Translation Editor: Dragon Boat Translation

There was nothing to hide so Lin Xiu nodded and said.

“I want to use something to exchange for your challenge card.” Chen Haoran looked at Lin Xiu and said.

When challenging at the tower of trial, there was a chance of getting this challenge card and the chances were quite high.

But if one went past the level in the tower of trial and challenged again, he or she would not have rewards.

“I failed twice on the 65th floor. I feel that there is a chance of getting through but I have already used all my challenge cards.” Chen Haoran said.

“Only when a person successfully gets through the challenge the first time then he would receive a reward.” Lin Xiu did not respond to him and said this to him instead.

“Yup, in addition to this, you can also use points to exchange for it.” Chen Haoran nodded.

“Points?” Lin Xiu was surprised. He didn’t know that there was such a thing in the tower.

“You don’t know? According to the speed of the challenge, you will be ranked every night, if you enter the top three, you can get points.”

Chen Haoran explained.

This was another way of gaining rewards, instead of having to complete a challenge.

Depending on the points accumulated, one could exchange for items.

“How many challenge cards do you want?” Lin Xiu understood the points accumulated and asked Chen Haoran.

“How many do you have?” Chen Haoran responded.

The higher the floor, the more the rewards could be obtained which was why these people would go after the challenges.

“I just got 11 and want to keep 1 for myself, I can sell the remaining 10.” Lin Xiu took out those challenge cards from the silver box, and then said.

Looking at the challenge cards taken out by Lin Xiu, some warriors that were secretly observing Lin Xiu were surprised.

They knew that Lin Xiu got a lot of rewards when he took out a silver box but did not think that Lin Xiu had got so many challenge cards.

10 was really a lot.

“Do you really want to sell 10?” Chen Haoran was in disbelief when he heard Lin Xiu.

If he sold 10 and was left with only 1, if he fails the challenge later, it would be very hard to get the challenge cards from others.

After all, warriors were usually unwilling to sell their challenge cards. He asked Lin Xiu to try his luck and did not think that Lin Xiu actually agreed directly.

“Well, as long as you can have something to exchange my challenge card with, I can sell it to you.”

Hearing what Lin Xiu said, Chen Haoran and the others looked at one another and he took out something from his pocket.

“I don’t want skill cards.” Lin Xiu saw a man taking out a diamond skill card and he shook his head.

“Battle suits, weapons too.”

“Of course, if you have odd crystals, I don’t mind but I want rank 8.”

Lin Xiu continued.

“Hey, we can’t give you rank 8 odd crystals ah…”

Chen Haoran was very happy because Lin Xiu was willing to trade but Lin Xiu wasn’t interested in many things and it was a challenge to look for items to exchange.

“I have the rank 8 odd crystal.” At this time, when the atmosphere became cold, the man next to Chen Haoran suddenly said.

“Da Li, you fought with your life to get this…” Chen Haoran looked at the man’s movement and looked like he wanted to stop him.

“It’s fine. Anyway, we can’t use this crystal now.” Da Li shook his head.

The energy of the rank 8 odd crystal couldn’t be absorbed by ordinary people because the energy inside was too pure and could only be absorbed through slow extraction.

But if you want to absorb it quickly and your body is not strong enough, you could possibly die.

If it was not directly absorbed quickly, it would be better to absorb a low-ranking odd crystal.

“I can accept this.” Lin Xiu looked at the rank 8 odd crystal in his hand and his eyes narrowed.

“But...” Da Li looked at Lin Xiu, then clenching his teeth, “I want five challenge cards!”

Five challenge cards were quite a number. After all, once you got to the higher floors, the rewards of successfully getting through a challenge could include rank 8 odd crystals.

There might even be rank 9 odd crystals.

“Sure, take them.” Lin Xiu nodded and tossed five challenge cards over.

Da Li was stunned but still managed to catch the five challenge cards that flew to him

He didn’t think that Lin Xiu would be so straightforward and the challenge cards were thrown directly to him. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“For you!” Da li saw that Lin Xiu was so cool so he also threw the rank 8 odd crystal in his hand.

Lin Xiu caught this rank 8 odd crystal and its strong energy could be felt.

But compared to the odd crystal he obtained from killing that green dragon, it was still inferior.

“If you guys have more rank 8 odd crystals, you could exchange it for the remaining 5 challenge cards.” Lin Xiu said to Chen Haoran and others.

“You are not afraid of challenge failure?” Listening to the words of Lin Xiu, Chen Haoran couldn’t help but ask.

“I won’t fail.” Lin Xiu shook his head and laughed.

Seeing Lin Xiu’s confident look, Chen Haoran was stunned.

As Chen Haoran left, another group of people walked towards Lin Xiu even before he could cultivate with the rank 8 odd crystal.

“Hey, it seems that you still have a lot of challenge cards.” At this time, the man leading the group looked at the rank 8 odd crystal in Lin Xiu’s hand and the remaining challenge cards greedily.

“Why, you also want to exchange something with me?”

Lin Xiu said faintly.

“No, I don’t.” The man laughed and shook his head.

“I am Yang Jian and if you give me a few challenge cards, we can become friends. If anything happens in the academy in the future, you can just use my name and it would be fine.”

“Yang Jian?”

Lin Xiu raised his brows and then shook his head, “Haven’t heard of this name.”

“Hey, it seems that you are still a freshman. Nevermind, others know my name, just give the challenge cards to me.” Yang Jian continued to laugh and then reached out to Lin Xiu’s silver box.

Swish-

But just then, a swishing sound resounded and Yang Jian felt a painful sensation from his hand.

“Don’t touch it, you’d better not touch it.”