Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 573: Is It a Violation To Kill Someone?

Translator: Dragon Boat Translation Editor: Dragon Boat Translation

Lin Xiu was already holding the Dark Edge Spear and was pressing it against his palm.

Although it did not go through his hand directly, that sharp spear tip pressing against his palm was still very painful.

A trace of blood began dripping down.

Yang Jian seemed to be frozen and he didn’t dare to move at all.

His face became a little pale and if Lin Xiu used a slight force, this sharp spear would pierce through his palm directly.

“Still want?” Lin Xiu looked at him, and then said indifferently.

“Courting death!!!”

When the remaining people saw Lin Xiu so ‘arrogant’, they were enraged and wanted to attack him!

Boom–

Lin Xiu lifted his foot and sent Yang Jian flying with a kick, then he did not dodge but courter-attacked those who were attacking him!

Dang dang dang-

The metals colliding sounds could be heard and within a short moment, these guys holding weapons were all knocked out by Lin Xiu.

“Still want to continue?” Lin Xiu’s scanned the few men, then said aloud.

Lin Xiu pointed the Dark Edge spear at them.

Looking closely, there were no longer any weapons in the hands of these men. At this time, they were standing before Lin Xiu in cold sweat.

Just a moment of confrontation, Lin Xiu actually sent their weapons flying!

If Lin Xiu wanted to kill them now, it would be very easy!

“Brother Lin, not bad huh.” At the same time, he heard a familiar voice from the other side.

He took a closer look and realized that Qu Tingting had walked out of the Tower of Trial.

She seemed to have reached the end not long ago and there were still traces of blood on the body.

Lin Xiu smiled, then said to her, “In the Tower of trial, it’s against the rules to kill people.”

The moment Lin Xiu spoke. Yang Jian’s face changed drastically.

This madman!

He wants them dead ah!

“I was wrong, please let me off.” A guy saw the murderous look on Lin Xiu and couldn’t take it any longer. He went on his knees directly and said with a trembling voice.

Yang Jian and the others saw him kneeling on the ground and their legs went soft, then they knelt as well.

“En... in theory, that is not allowed, but if you must kill, then...” Qu Tingting words were a bit ambiguous which caused Yang Jian and others’ faces to become uglier.

They were so afraid that they almost cried.

They weren’t very strong from the start but always liked bullying freshmen. Now that it was the other way round, they finally reflected on their mistakes.

They did not want to die here just like that.

“Sp you mean I can kill?” Lin Xiu raised his brow and looked at them as he spoke.

Lin Xiu’s tone made their bodies shiver again.

“Forget it, you guys may go.” But the next moment, Lin Xiu shook his head.

What’s the point in killing these people; they were around rank 6 only and he wouldn’t gain much experience.

And this was outside the Tower of trial, not in the tower, it wasn’t good for him to do it so publicly. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Hearing Lin Xiu’s words, it was as if these people received the general amnesty, then quickly got up and said ‘thank you’ loudly and ran.

And those who wanted to trade with Lin Xiu were shocked to see this scene.

They already felt that Lin Xiu’s strong, but did not think that he was so strong.

“Which floor did you reach today?” Qu Tingting said.

“En, 60th floor today,” Lin Xiu smiled.

“60th floor, not bad. It’s the first time a freshman reached the 60th floor in one day but it would start to become challenging. I can tell you the key to the 60th floor…”

“No need, I can get through it.” Lin Xiu grinned.

Qu Tingting was taken aback.

“I was feeling a little tired up there so I didn’t continue and came down directly. I know how to get through the 60th floor too.” Lin Xiu sat cross-legged on the ground, then laughed.

Xiao Bai and Rollie had finished eating the odd crystals in the silver box and at this moment, they were lying in the box and seemed very satisfied.

“You... You really are a monster.” Qu Tingting widened her eyes and said.

“How about you? Which floor?”

Lin Xiu smiled and said.

“65, but I can’t get through it.” Qu Tingting said with some frustration.

“What is there at the 65th floor?” Seems like Chen Haoran was stuck on that floor as well which was why he wanted those challenge cards from him to re-challenge.

“65th...” Qu Tingting thought and her face became cautious, “Nothing much.”

“Nothing?” Lin Xiu thought he would say some high-ranking evolved beast but she actually said nothing?

“It’s fine if it was a strong evolved beast or an intelligent robot, but at the 65th floor, there’s nothing.”

Qu Tingting was upset at this time.

“Could there be a mechanism?” Lin Xiu thought.

“I think there is but I can not find it.” Qu Tingting nodded.

“Ah, I’m going to go take a look tomorrow.” Lin Xiu laughed.

“Sure, I’d like to see how many floors you can get through.” Qu Tingting also chuckled.

She thought that Lin Xiu’s results were already great. As for whether Lin Xiu could reach the 100th floor, she never thought about it at all.

Because nobody had reached the top floor for about 8 to 9 years already.

The most talented student of the Sacred Region Academy had only reached around the 90th floor only.

The top was very, very difficult.

“Oh right, did you meet Murong today?” Qu Tingting seemed to remember something, and then asked Lin Xiu.

“Murong?” Lin Xiu heard the name and found it familiar.

“I do not know, but on one of the floors, I did encounter a few warriors and had a conflict.”

“That should be them.” Qu Tingting nodded.

“Those people were looking for you when they came down today.. They’re probably in the tower now but they’re stronger than those people just now.”