Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 574: Sneak Attack

Translator: Dragon Boat Translation Editor: Dragon Boat Translation

“Thank you for the reminder, Senior, but…”

“Those people, in my eyes, are no different from the ones just now.” Lin Xiu smiled and continued to sit cross-legged, ready to cultivate.

“What a stubborn kid.” Qu Tingting shook her head helplessly when she heard Lin Xiu’s words.

For some reason, she was very comfortable with Lin Xiu so she was willing to tell Lin Xiu more about the Tower of Trials.

At this time, Lin Xiu seemed to be preparing to cultivate and Qu Tingting didn’t bother Lin Xiu anymore and went to the other side to prepare to practice.

After all, the purpose of the people who came here was very simple. They wanted to challenge and sharpen themselves and at the same time, they could also get rewarded.

Lin Xiu sat cross-legged on the ground, then took out the odd crystal just now.

Feeling the majestic power of this odd crystal, Lin Xiu had a smile on the corner of his mouth.

After absorbing this odd crystal, he should be able to gain a lot of experience.

Thinking of this, Lin Xiu took a deep breath, put his hands together with the odd crystal.

The ‘Cultivation Technique’ worked with the system’s ‘Engulf’ skill so even if Lin Xiu didn’t directly swallow the rank 8 odd crystal into his body, he could quickly extract the energy inside.

After some time, with the continuous absorption of energy, the numbers in Lin Xiu’s experience column were rising wildly.

Moreover, Lin Xiu could clearly feel that as he absorbed the energy of the rank 8 odd crystal, his body’s cell activity began to strengthen.

A large amount of energy was gathered in the cells in his body and the cells divided and reproduced again. The bones and flesh in his body were slowly changing quantitatively and constantly evolving.

Although this change was very slow, quantitative change leads to qualitative change. One day, Lin Xiu’s power might have a growth surge!

It was the second half of the night very soon. There were already bright lights on this side, so it seemed that the surrounding was not dark at all.

Another group of warriors began to walk down from the Tower of Trials.

“Damn, only reached the 60th floor.”

At this time, several men walked down and looked like they were cursing.

“Young Master Murong, that kid looks quite familiar ah.”

Just when they were about to find a place to rest, a man saw Lin Xiu sitting cross-legged on the ground not far ahead and said aloud.

Hearing his words, Murong raised his brows and followed his fingers and he saw where Lin Xiu was.

Their vision was perfect. Seeing Lin Xiu, who was sitting cross-legged over there, obviously cultivating, Murong’s face became nasty.

A sinister light flashed in his eyes.

Lin Xiu, who robbed them of their money and silver leopard at the time, caused them to re-do the challenge and they still remembered it in their hearts.

When they came down in the daytime today, they were looking for Lin Xiu but couldn’t find him.

They didn’t expect to find Lin Xiu so easily when they came down this time.

Moreover, Lin Xiu was still in the state of cultivation and now it seems that he has no defense at all!

“Although it would be a little troublesome to kill people here, it didn’t matter.” Murong said to himself, then looked at the men standing beside him.

When those men heard Murong’s words, then saw the look in Murong’s eyes, they quickly came to their senses.

Holding the weapons in their hands, they stood in an arc formation and walked slowly towards Lin Xiu.

Their eyes were fierce and their bodies burst out with undisguised murderous aura.

Some warriors saw this scene from a distance and secretly laughed in their hearts that something good was about to happen.

“What are you guys trying to do?”

At this moment, a voice came from the side.

Taking a closer look, Qu Tingting had come this way. She looked at Murong and the others coldly and said.

“Qu Tingting, I advise you not to meddle in our business.” Murong knew Qu Tingting. At this moment, he looked at Qu Tingting and said coldly.

“You guys want to kill people under the Tower of Trials?” Qu Tingting said with a cold snort.

As soon as she came out of the state of cultivation, she saw these people surrounding Lin Xiu, so she hurried over.

Lin Xiu was currently in a state of cultivation. If he got attacked in this state, the chance of death was very high.

“It’s none of your business.” Murong said disdainfully.

“Isn’t this kid your lover?”

“You are talking nonsense!” Qu Tingting clenched her hands tightly when she heard what he said.

“Get away!”

At this moment, Murong let out a loud roar, then holding the long sword in his hand, he stabbed directly towards Qu Tingting!

When Qu Tingting saw this scene, the pupils in her eyes shrank slightly, then she also held her long sword to resist Murong’s attack.

Dang dang dang-

The two instantly clashed.

And at this moment, the rest of the people also held the weapons in their hands and attacked Lin Xiu! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Be careful!”

Seeing this scene, Qu Tingting said quickly.

But before she finished speaking, Murong attacked her again!

Murong’s offensive was very fierce, so the current Qu Tingting had no chance to help Lin Xiu at all.

Because if she was not careful, she would also be fatally attacked.

“Go to hell, kid!” At this time, the others attacked Lin Xiu’s body with the weapons in their hands at the same time!

And Lin Xiu didn’t seem to know what was going on around here and he was still in the process of cultivating.

But just when their weapons were about to attack Lin Xiu’s body, a dark red light burst out from Lin Xiu’s body.

Boom–

Their weapons seemed to be blocked by something and there was absolutely no way to hit Lin Xiu!

And some electric currents were passed to their bodies through their weapons, making them feel a sense of pain and numbness all over their bodies.

What is this?

“What’s happening!” At the same time, Murong Xun stopped his attacks, looked over to Lin Xiu and saw that Lin Xiu had unfolded ‘Sphere’ already!

And this ‘Sphere’ was different from theirs, it was actually dark red!

This strange scene shocked everyone around.

“Sneak attack, huh. Isn’t very nice eh?”