Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 630: The Rank 9 Life and death Battle

With Lin Xiu's continuous attacks, his body was covered with wounds, but no blood came out.

Boom--

His arm was directly broken by Lin Xiu's horizontal slash!

Zizizi——

With the fracture of his arm, his bones and joints could be seen and they were all made of electronics.

There was a trace of fire flickering.

"Goodbye!"

Lin Xiu looked at Zhuo Qixing's head, the spear was about to pierce again and this shot would pierce Zhuo Qixing's head!

"Stop!"

But at this moment, a huge roar came over.

Boom—

Just this loud roar made the surrounding ground vibrate.

The surrounding audience was shocked, who is that!?

Lin Xiu originally wanted to continue attacking, but when this huge roar came, he suddenly felt that his head was shaking and it hurt.

His movement stopped for a moment.

And at this moment, a figure rushed to the front in an instant.

Protecting Zhuo Qixing behind him.

"Young man, your methods are cruel enough."

This old man, who looked a little gloomy, stared at Lin Xiu with murderous intent.

Being stared at by him like this, Lin Xiu instantly felt a strong sense of oppression.

This sense of oppression was really too strong, as if all the strength of his body has been suppressed.

"Second grandpa..."

Zhuo Qixing said with difficulty at this time.

His hands were chopped off by Lin Xiu's spear and there were many penetrating wounds on his body. The skin on his face was also damaged, revealing the machine inside.

If it weren't for the fact that he was transformed into a cyborg, in his state, he would definitely bleed and die.

"Isn't this against the rules?"

Although Lin Xiu felt a strong sense of oppression, at this time, he did not panic at all. He pointed the spear in his hand at him and said lightly.

"Humph!"

The old man ignored Lin Xiu's words and left with Zhuo Qixing.

"Should he be disqualified from the competition?"

Bai Litao looked at everyone on the rostrum and said lightly.

These people did not object but nodded.

After all, after standing on the platform, the other party would not be responsible for life or death.

But now someone from Zhuo Qixing's side rushed up to stop the battle, which was violating the rules.

The deputy dean of the Sky Academy watched this scene and the expression in his eyes changed, but he remained silent and said nothing.

"Do you really think I dare not kill you?"

This old man, who Zhuo Qixing called his second grandfather, stared at Lin Xiu at this moment and said sternly.

"Today, I must kill him."

Lin Xiu with the spear in his hand pointing behind the old man.

There was no hint of negotiation in the words.

Although Zhuo Qixing hated Lin Xiu deeply, at this time, he also understood that he was not Lin Xiu's opponent.

Especially when Lin Xiu broke the "Sphere", it was really terrifying.

Thinking of this at this time, Zhuo Qixing suddenly felt cold.

"What a joke, anyway, if the Sacred Region academy loses you, I'll just apologize at most..."

The old man showed a sinister smile and in the next moment, he stretched out his hand to grab Lin Xiu!

What a fast speed!

The expression in Lin Xiu's eyes changed and when his body was about to retreat, the old man's hand was about to grab onto his neck!

At this time, Lin Xiu also clearly saw the fingernails on his dry arms, which seemed to have become slender in an instant.

Sharp as a dagger.

When Lin Xiu felt a pain in his neck, his body was pulled and instantly moved to the other side.

"Are you alright?"

Just before Lin Xiu could react, he heard a familiar voice.

It was Baili Haoling.

"I'm fine."

Lin Xiu shook his head, then touched his neck and there was a little blood on his fingers.

This old man was really vicious, he wanted to kill and nearly cut Lin Xiu's throat.

"Lin Xiu, are you alright?"

And the battle on Ouyang Hang's side was also over. In the end, Ouyang Hang used his own strength to knock out the warrior from the Sky Academy.

At this time, Huang Zhen, Qian Yao and others walked over to Lin Xiu.

Lin Xiu shook his head, because of the body's extremely powerful healing ability, at this moment, the scar on Lin Xiu's neck had completely recovered.

"A rank 9 warrior dealing with a teenager, isn't it a bit too much huh?"

At this time, Baili Haoling's face also became cold, looking at the old man not far away and said lightly.

"Hmph, it's his honor to die under my hands."

The old man said with a grim expression on his face.

"The match is over! Because someone from Sky Academy intervened so they are disqualified, Sacred Region academy advanced!"

And now the host has also received the notification from the organizing committee and announced it loudly.

"On the platform, is it a life-and-death battle?"

Lin Xiu said lightly at this time.

"Yes, there are indeed rules."

Baili Haoling said aloud.

"I want to fight you to the death." Lin Xiu pointed his spear at the old man not far away and said coldly.

"You want to fight me to the death? What a joke!"

The old man originally wanted to take Zhuo Qixing away, but when he heard Lin Xiu's words, he laughed instead of being angry. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

It was as if he had heard the biggest joke.

"Do you think that with your strength, you can defeat me?"

The old man said coldly.

"If you lose, you die and so does he."

Lin Xiu ignored his words and continued to speak.

"Lin Xiu, you're crazy!"

When Ouyang Hang heard Lin Xiu's words, his face changed greatly, then he shouted loudly.

Huang Zhen and Qian Yao also wanted to say something at this time, but when they met Lin Xiu's cold and firm gaze, they didn't say anything.

"Don't you dare?"

Lin Xiu raised his brows, then said lightly.

"It's you who doesn't dare!"

The old man was so infuriated by Lin Xiu, a warrior who looked like a little boy in his eyes. At this time, his anger suddenly came and he stood there and said at Lin Xiu in a cold voice.

"Then fight!"

"This kid is really crazy."

There was a loudspeaker effect on the competition stage. At this time, the conversation between Lin Xiu and the old man was transmitted to the ears of the surrounding audience.

Everyone thought that Lin Xiu was crazy.

An ordinary warrior wanted to challenge a rank 9 warrior, isn't that courting death?

Bai Litao frowned slightly at this time.. He could feel that Lin Xiu's strength was a lot more tyrannical, but it was almost impossible to deal with the rank 9 warrior. Although the old man was only a rank 9 preliminary warrior, but it still wasn't easy to deal with!