Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 631: Fierce Battle Against Old Monster Zhuo

"Boy, don't say I bullied you, even if I suppress my strength to rank 8, I can kill you easily."

The old man stared at Lin Xiu and then said viciously.

"Is that so, fight with him with your rank 8 strength then."

Baili Haoling's eyes changed at this moment, and in the next moment, as she raised her right hand, terrifying fluctuations of source strength burst out from Baili Haoling's body.

The source strength materialized, emitting blue light, instantly covering the entire competition stage!

"Source field?!"

When everyone on the podium saw this scene, their eyes changed greatly.

This kind of strength was so powerful that even those on the podium were affected.

At this time, the old man clearly felt that his physical strength was greatly suppressed. His rank 9 strength seemed to be suppressed to the extent that he could only use rank 8.

"Who the hell are you?!"

The old man was horrified, looking at Baili Haoling, his eyes were full of shock.

Just now, he thought she was a little girl, but he never thought that this girl who looked like a 'little girl' had such a powerful power.

Baili Haoling ignored the old man, but said to Huang Zhen and the others, "Let's go down and let Lin Xiu handle the next battle."

"En."

Huang Zhen and the others hesitated for a while, then nodded.

As everyone left, only Lin Xiu, Zhuo Qixing and the old man were left on the competition stage.

Zhuo Qixing was standing on the edge of the competition platform, his body wanted to leave, but under the source field of Baili Haoling, there was absolutely no way to leave.

The old man's eyes were also changing now. He just said it casually, but he didn't expect that Baili Haoling actually has such strength, suppressing his strength to the level of rank 8!

Now, even if he could have the strength of the rank 9, he couldn't use it at all in this source field.

Damn, where did that girl come from!?

"Why, are you afraid?"

Lin Xiu looked at him, and then said lightly.

"Afraid? What a joke, do you think that if you suppress my strength to the eighth rank, you can be compared with me?"

The old man sneered as if he had heard the funniest joke.

"Very good, then you are ready to...die!"

Lin Xiu didn't say anything else. At this moment, he rushed over with the spear in his hand!

Just now, he wanted to have a life-and-death battle with him not because he was hot-headed. Now Lin Xiu was already rank 8 warrior, and with the power of the system, Lin Xiu was confident that he could fight this old man.

And rank 9 warriors were also divided into strong and weak ones. This old man obviously has just been promoted to rank 9 and his strength was also at the beginning of rank 9.

But now that he has been suppressed to the level of rank 8, there was not so much pressure on Lin Xiu. Even if he was peak rank 8, Lin Xiu could confidently fight without using the 'Fury' skill!

The old man watched Lin Xiu rush over with a spear, and the expression in his eyes changed slightly.

He looked at the long sword that Zhuo Qixing had just dropped on the ground, and stretched out his right hand, that long sword was directly sucked by his powerful force!

Boom--

In the next moment, he held the long sword tightly in his hand, he attacked Lin Xiu who was rushing over!

Dang dang-

Under the collision of their weapons, there was a loud noise.

The audience present exclaimed when they saw this scene. They didn't expect, they didn't expect that they could still see such a wonderful life-and-death battle now.

Moreover, one party of this life-and-death battle was a rank 9 warrior!

On Earth, the rank 9 warriors were the most powerful in the eyes of ordinary warriors.

"This kid simply doesn't know his own strength trying to go against Old Monster Zhuo."

The deputy dean of the Sky Academy watched the battle on the field and couldn't help but snorted.

He didn't expect this current situation at all but under the gaze of so many spectators, it was impossible for him to stop the game.

Bai Litao stared at Lin Xiu, he believed that Lin Xiu would not make such a decision rashly if he had no absolute grasp of his strength. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

In the battle of life and death, the one who dies must be the old monster Zhuo!

"Boy, I'll let you see that even with the power of the eighth rank, you will die!"

The old monster Zhuo, who was fighting against Lin Xiu, roared angrily, and the long sword in his hand stabbed at Lin Xiu's body!

The long sword radiated a dazzling light, and one could clearly feel that the long sword was full of extremely terrifying power.

Boom--

But just when his long sword was about to stab Lin Xiu's body, he suddenly felt that the long sword had stabbed into some kind of transparent barrier, which directly blocked most of the power!

Lin Xiu, who originally wanted to use 'Mirror Image' to evade such a terrifying blow, also reacted instantly, and the spear he was holding stabbed the old man's body!

As soon as the spear stabbed the old man's clothes, his body turned into a black mist and disappeared instantly.

When he appeared again, his body had already appeared on the other side.

"What kind of skill is this?"

The old man looked at Lin Xiu from a distance, and said coldly.

There was already a hole in his clothes now, and Lin Xiu's shot just now almost stabbed him in the body.

The transparent barrier just now offset most of the impact of his sword, otherwise he firmly believed that it could penetrate Lin Xiu's body directly.

"You don't need to know that."

Lin Xiu said lightly, the spear in his hand vibrated, the dark red flames burst out again, and the flaming birds flew out.

The whole place became extremely hot.

"Insignificant skill!"

The old monster Zhuo roared angrily, his movement became fast, and his body rushed towards Lin Xiu like a black mist!

He dodged all the flaming birds!

Crackling-

Lin Xiu stared at the front, the Dark Edge spear in his hand, at this moment, a lot of lightning burst out.

'Thousand Thunder'!

Holding the spear, he pointed at the sky, and suddenly there seemed to be a lot of thunder in the sky, and terrifying lightning fell!

Old monster Zhuo, who had turned into a black mist and rushed over, was directly hit by the dense lightning, and the sound instantly echoed.

"Damn boy!" The old monster Zhuo was struck by lightning and he seemed to be a little embarrassed. Then, he got out two swords, waved his hands and hundreds of thousands of long swords emitting white rays of light all stabbed Lin Xiu's body instantly!