Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 632: You Can, So Can I!

Dang dang-

Lin Xiu waved his spear frantically, and slapped away all the stabbing swords!

Moreover, the effect of the title of warrior has appeared again, there was a 30% chance of resisting 50% of the attacks, and this probability was very high!

Hell!

This old monster Zhuo was out of breath now, and the power of his skills always seems to be partially offset by inexplicable power.

It makes his overall strength much weaker.

Before he could react, Lin Xiu's figure had already appeared in front of him!

The spear pierced, and a cold light came, and it was about to penetrate the head of the old monster Zhuo!

Dang--

The pupils in Old Monster Zhuo's eyes shrank, but after all, he has a lot of combat experience. At such a dangerous moment, the long sword in his hand still resisted Lin Xiu's blow!

But Lin Xiu didn't stop at all, the spear was like tigers leaping out of their den and continued to stab it frantically!

Dang dang-

Old Monster Zhuo had no choice but to frantically wave the long sword in his hand, constantly resisting Lin Xiu's attacks!

This rank 9 warrior, although it was said that the old man's power has been suppressed to the rank 8, it was still really too terrifying to be suppressed by Lin Xiu to such a degree!

"'Glorious 8 Immortals'!"

Just when the old monster Zhuo was forced to retreat by Lin Xiu's fierce attack, he dodged an attack from Lin Xiu, and the long sword in his hand burst out with a lot of white light!

All that dazzling light seemed to be reflected in Lin Xiu's eyes, causing Lin Xiu to lose his sight for a moment.

There was also a tingling sensation in the eyes.

Before Lin Xiu could react, he felt as if his body had been kicked by someone, and then flew out!

Lin Xiu's body fell heavily on the ground, his chest was tight, his throat was sweet, and a mouthful of blood spat out from Lin Xiu's mouth.

"Damn it..." Lin Xiu didn't expect that this old monster Zhuo was so insidious that he actually had such skills.

"Go to hell!"

As soon as Lin Xiu got up, the old monster Zhuo had already rushed over, the long sword in his hand stabbed Lin Xiu directly in the head, and pierced through Lin Xiu's head!

"Dead...dead!?"

Ouyang Hang and the others opened their eyes wide, watching this scene in disbelief.

Lin Xiu, who had fought back and forth with the old monster Zhuo just now, was killed just like that!?

Luo Yue looked at the battle in the field, her eyes did not change at all, because she believed that Lin Xiu could not die.

"Hahaha, dead, he is finally dead!" Seeing this scene, Zhuo Qixing laughed wildly.

"No!"

But Old Monster Zhuo's reaction speed was very fast. At this time, he clearly felt something. He roared and turned around to look behind him!

Boom--

But at this critical moment, a blue 'Sphere' directly surrounded Old Monster Zhuo's body!

The head of the spear stabbed the "Sphere" of the old monster Zhuo, and it only made the old monster Zhuo's body retreat a distance.

"Good luck to you."

Lin Xiu snorted coldly when he saw this scene.

Almost, almost, he was able to directly kill this old monster Zhuo! ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"Damn boy..." Old Monster Zhuo stepped back and gnashed his teeth.

Now that Lin Xiu was playing tricks over and over again, he was completely furious.

"This time, I want you to die!"

While he gritted his teeth and roared, the source strength in his body was gathering frantically.

And in the next one, a ray of light radiated from his body and directly covered the competition stage!

Source field!

Baili Haoling frowned at this time. After all, he was a rank 9 warrior. Even if he was suppressed by her, he could still use his source strength with his rank 8 power.

Now Baili Haoling couldn't do anything anymore, because she felt that there were many people on the podium staring at her.

Once the life-and-death battle on the rooftop begins, except for one party's death, no one can participate in the battle again. This is a rule that no one can break!

"This kid is finished! A rank 9 warrior, how could he be able to deal with the old man!"

"Seems like that old man is about to use his true strength now."

"..."

At this time, the surrounding audience saw that the old monster Zhuo was using the source field, and suddenly there was an uproar.

With the source field used by the old monster Zhuo, Lin Xiu could also clearly feel his own power, and it seemed that he is also under some kind of suppression.

Correspondingly, the strength of the old monster Zhuo should be strengthened.

"You can do that, so can I."

Lin Xiu, who was standing opposite the old monster Zhuo, snorted coldly at this time, and directly used the system skill - 'Heavenly Array'!

As the sky-shattering formation unfolded, in an instant, a white ray of light once again covered the sky platform!

"Three... three source fields stacked!?"

Not only the people in the surrounding auditorium were shocked, but even the old monsters on the rostrum were shocked.

In their opinion, the 'Heavenly Array' used by Lin Xiu was the source field.

At first, Baili Haoling used the source field, and then Old monster Zhuo used it again. They didn't expect that now Lin Xiu also used it!

This was really crazy!

Although the powers of these fields were superimposed, they were not affected by each other.

"You are also rank 9!?"

"No, it's impossible, stop the act!"

Old Monster Zhuo muttered to himself, then roared, holding a long sword, and attacked Lin Xiu again!

The expression in Lin Xiu's eyes changed, and he also attacked with the Dark Edge spear!

Bang bang bang-

The two weapons collided frantically, and a lot of sparks flashed.

But the two seem to be evenly matched, and it was impossible to see which side has the advantage.

'Torrential storm of rose flowers!'

When Lin Xiu was fighting against the old monster Zhuo, he seized an opportunity and stabbed out again with a spear!

This time, the body of the spear turned dark red from the state that was just filled with white light!

This is the new power of the Dark Edge spear forged with the material of the forelimbs of the color-changing mantis.

The power to break the 'Sphere'!

Originally, the old monster Zhuo, who had been using the 'Sphere' to protect himself, thought that Lin Xiu's Dark Edge spear was still the same as before, and could not pierce the 'Sphere' that protected him, but he didn't expect that this time, as Lin Xiu swung the spear and stabbed it, it was as if dozens or hundreds of spearheads stabbed at the same time, all of them stabbed on his 'Sphere', and in an instant a lot of cracks appeared!

This is impossible!!!

Old Monster Zhuo's eyes widened and he roared inwardly.

But at this time, Lin Xiu was holding a long spear, and he had already slashed from top to bottom!

"Break it!"