Chapter 635  Is She Luo Yue's Sister?

Luo Yan pulled Lin Xiu's body over from behind, and while avoiding the attack of the middle-aged man, the long sword in her hand stabbed at him!

Dang dang-

The battle between the two started instantly, and a crisp sound suddenly rang out.

Lin Xiu stepped back, seeing the battle between the two, a ray of light flashed in his eyes.

Are these two rank 9 warriors?

The speed was really too fast, and although the woman's swordsmanship was the same as Luo Yue's, she was more delicate.

And because the woman was strong, the power of swordsmanship was even more terrifying.

As the long sword in her hand stabbed out the next moment, a streak of blood spurted out in the air.

"Damn..."

The middle-aged man's body retreated to the back, and he looked at the wound on his arm, the blood was still dripping.

He looked at Luo Yan viciously, then looked at Lin Xiu, and said grimly, "Just you wait, you can't step out of Sky City alive after killing our Zhuo family members."

As soon as he finished speaking, the whole person turned into a black mist and disappeared in place in an instant.

This body skill was too powerful, and Lin Xiu knew only now why he didn't sense anything when he came into his room.

Is this the power of a rank 9 warrior...

Thinking of this, Lin Xiu clenched his fists tightly and his eyes were cold. Now he was like an ant in the eyes of a rank 9 warrior, but one day, he will step on all rank 9 warriors under his feet!

"Giggle, little guy, you're quite angry ah."

At this moment, Luo Yan looked at Lin Xiu and said to Lin Xiu with a laughter like a silver bell.

"You are?"

Lin Xiu looked at her curiously.

"Guess?"

Luo Yan looked at Lin Xiu, then deliberately leaned in front of Lin Xiu and said.

Lin Xiu was a little embarrassed, and then subconsciously stepped back.

"This little guy is quite cute ah."

Luo Yan said with a smile, looking very seductive.

"Luo Yue's sister?"

Lin Xiu hesitated for a while, then said aloud.

"Hey, you guessed it."

Luo Yan seemed surprised.

Lin Xiu has black lines all over his head. You both look alike, so how could he get it wrong.

"Tsk tsk, but this girl Luo Yue is so kind to you, she asked me to protect you."

Luo Yan couldn't help sighing at this time.

"Where is Luo Yue?"

Lin Xiu felt a warm current in his heart when he heard Luo Yan's words. Although Luo Yue looked cold, she seemed to be worried about herself.

Thinking of this, Lin Xiu couldn't help showing a smirk.

"Well... you should be preparing for the next game." Luo Yan did not directly answer Lin Xiu's words, but said a little perfunctoryly.

"The people of the Zhuo family should not come again today, you should be careful." Luo Yan smiled at this time, and then she moved and disappeared in place in an instant.

"By the way, your strength is still too weak."

When Luo Yan disappeared, an echo sounded in the room.

Hearing her words, Lin Xiu's five fingers turned into fists, yes... She was right, he was still too weak.

Although he was lucky enough to kill the old monster Zhuo today, when he really faced a rank 9 warrior, his strength was still insufficient.

At this time, Lin Xiu sat cross-legged on the ground and started to run the 'Cultivation Technique'.

It was almost time before Lin Xiu went out.

"Well, have you rested?"

Baili Haoling watched Lin Xiu come out and said aloud.

"Yeah." Lin Xiu nodded, his recovery ability was very strong, and with the elixir that Baili Haoling gave, those internal injuries had fully recovered.

Lin Xiu glanced around, but couldn't find Luo Yue's figure, which made Lin Xiu slightly disappointed.

"The battle list is out. The top eight are our Sacred Region Academy, as well as Interstellar Academy, Galaxy Academy, Sky Academy, Ice Star Academy, Longxiao Academy..."

At this time, Ouyang Hang took out a battle list and said.

"Huh? Are we going to play against the Galaxy Academy?"

Lin Xiu took it over, looked at the battle arrangement, and frowned.

The Sacred Region Academy and the Galaxy Academy were playing against each other, while the Interstellar Academy and the Bingxin Academy were at the side. That is to say, if Interstellar Academy advances, they will face the Interstellar Academy.

The other four academies were grouped on the other side, so before the finals, it seems that he will not meet the Sky Academy.

This is fine, just enough to preserve his strength.

"There's still half an hour, let's get ready."

Baili Haoling looked at everyone and said aloud.

"En!"

Huang Zhen and Qian Yao nodded. The two still looked very nervous now. After all, the Galaxy Academy that they were going to fight against was said to be warriors from another planet.

"You two are both monsters."

On the other hand, Ouyang Hang was lying helplessly on the seat and said to Lin Xiu and Baili Haoling.

The strength shown by the two just now was really shocking.

From the beginning of participating in the competition to the present, Ouyang Hang was so shocked that his nerves were numb.

The first game was Interstellar Academy against Ice Star Academy. Lin Xiu looked at the platform and narrowed his eyes.

He had to first see how strong the Interstellar Academy was.

"Alright! The first match of our quarterfinals is about to begin!"

"First of all, let me introduce, these are the members of the Interstellar Academy from Planet Nigu!"

With the host's excited words, the surrounding audience cheered.

The people from the Interstellar Academy wore fiery red uniforms and looked majestic.

Hearing the cheers from the surrounding audience, they all waved.

Compared to the loud voices of the Interstellar Academy, when the members of the Ice Star Academy came on stage, the audience appeared to be less excited.

"It's really these guys..." Huang Zhen and Qian Yao looked at the members of the Interstellar Academy, gnashing their teeth.

"What's up?"

Lin Xiu, who clearly felt their nervousness, said curiously at this time.

"Our last intercontinental match was against the Interstellar Academy."

Huang Zhen looked at the members of the Interstellar Academy and said.Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

"Their way of fighting is very strange. A senior of our Sacred Region Academy was killed by them."

Having said this, their faces became a little ugly.

"That senior was very strong, and it has reached the level of rank 9. It is impossible to be killed so easily. They must have done something."

At this time, Qian Yao clenched his ten fingers into fists and said through gritted teeth.

"Let's take a look first."

Lin Xiu nodded when he heard his words, staring at the scene on the competition stage.

The battle is about to begin!