Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 636  The Weirdness of the Interstellar Academy

As the battle began, the members of the Ice Star Academy immediately formed a rapid offensive.

They even seemed to be stronger than the Interstellar Academy.

"Huh? The strength of the Ice Star Academy seems to be pretty good."

Lin Xiu looked at this scene and said subconsciously.

"Wait, these guys will use some tricks later."

Huang Zhen seemed to have a deep prejudice against the Interstellar Academy. Looking at the battle at this time, he couldn't help saying coldly.

Lin Xiu nodded, then continued to watch the battle on the field.

"Ice Star Academy seems quite powerful huh..."

After a man from the Interstellar Academy resisted the blow of a warrior from the Ice Star Academy, he immediately said with a smile.

Even though they seemed to be at a disadvantage now, they were not panicking.

"Humph!"

The people from the Ice Star Academy ignored the words of the people from the Interstellar Academy, and continued to frantically wave the weapons in their hands to attack the people from the Interstellar Academy.

They wanted to fight quickly, but the people of the Interstellar Academy were like dogskin plaster, they couldn't be taken down.

"Why, do you want to end the battle?" The corners of a member of the Star Academy's mouth curled up, and then he waved his right hand, as if he was waving something out.

A man from the Ice Star Academy who was attacking him suddenly felt as if his body became a little weak.

The attack that was originally strong, at this time, has become a little soft.

"You made..."

Before the man finished talking, the member of the Interstellar Academy directly held a wide-bladed long sword in his hand, and pierced it through his body!

A streak of blood spurted out in an instant!

Moreover, the sound of the weapons clanking during the battle easily concealed his words.

The surrounding audience was in an uproar, because according to the momentum just now, the people from the Ice Star Academy obviously suppressed the people from the Interstellar Academy, how could it be reversed in such a short period of time!?

"They've started."

Huang Zhen said with a gloomy expression.

Lin Xiu's eyes narrowed. He could see clearly just now. The man waved his hand as if he wanted to throw something out, but there was nothing.

Was it just a coincidence...

"It's wasn't like there was a hidden weapon, but why..." Ouyang Hang was also a little confused.

A man from Ice Star Academy was killed, and the other four were in disarray. On the other hand, these five people from Interstellar Academy cooperated very well and launched a counterattack!

Soon, under their attack, Ice Star Academy ended in defeat.

"Interstellar Academy, advanced to the top four!"

Following the host's announcement, the people around cheered.

It could be seen that the Interstellar Academy seemed to have a high status.

"These guys are very popular."

Ouyang Hang said a little resentfully.

"Hmph, a group of sinister villains!"

Huang Zhen and Qian Yao snorted coldly at this time.

"Be careful, there's something wrong with these guys." Baili Haoling frowned a little, and then said.

"Yeah." Lin Xiu also felt that something was wrong, especially when the people from the Interstellar Academy killed the warrior from the Ice Star Academy just now, which made Lin Xiu a little bit confused.

"Let's go, we'll have dinner first, and wait for tonight's final which is the highlight."

Baili Haoling stood up and said.

The next game was a one-sided situation and there was nothing to see.

Lin Xiu and the others left and ate at the restaurant not far away.

Everyone was full, and just after they were about to walk out, a few familiar figures appeared in front of them.

"Oh it's you."

Looking at Lin Xiu's figure, Zhou Chen showed a vicious look in his eyes.

He would never forget everything that happened in the training room, it was a humiliation, a complete humiliation.

"The Interstellar Academy team? You seem to have been eliminated long ago."

Before Lin Xiu could speak, Ouyang Hang looked at them and said with a sneer. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

"You..."

Hearing Ouyang Hang's provocative words, the members of the Interstellar Academy team next to Zhou Chen all seemed to have fire in their eyes.

Zhou Chen waved his hand at this time, indicating that they should not be enraged.

If there was a conflict in this place, they would suffer. After all, their strength was indeed inferior to Lin Xiu and others.

"You can only be happy for a while now. In tonight's final, your Sacred Region Academy will lose miserably."

"Just like the Intercontinental match last year."

Zhou Chen stared at Lin Xiu and the others.

"What do you mean by that?"

When Huang Zhen heard Zhou Chen's words, his eyes widened slightly, and he was about to throw his fists and attack Zhou Chen!

"Why, you can't beat the home team of the Interstellar Academy, so you're bullying us?"

Zhou Chen said with a sneer.

"Don't need to hit him."

Lin Xiu held the arm that Huang Zhen was about to punch, then smiled and said.

"After all, you will get dirty hands when you hit trash."

Originally, Zhou Chen was still fearless, with a proud face, but after hearing Lin Xiu's words, he was instantly blown up.

"Why, do you still want to go to the training room to try twenty-five times gravity?"

Lin Xiu deliberately mentioned the events of that day, and irritated him further, making Zhou Chen's face green.

"Let's go."

He said in a deep voice to the person beside him, and left in a daze.

"Tsk, who do they think they are?" Ouyang Hang snorted as he watched them leave.

"Take a good rest first and prepare for tonight's final."

Lin Xiu could see that Huang Zhen and Qian Yao were both a little jealous and resentful of the Interstellar Academy.

At this time, he patted their shoulders and said.

"Well, I'll go back to the lounge to practice first." Huang Zhen and Qian Yao nodded and took a deep breath to calm down.

The most important thing now was to preserve their strength, to keep their bodies' source strength in the fullest state; there was no need to have a conflict with Zhou Chen and the others.

At this moment, Lin Xiu's cell phone vibrated, he took out his cell phone subconsciously, and saw a message: "Back mountain."

It was just these short words, which suddenly made Lin Xiu's eyes slightly widen.

"What's up?"

Baili Haoling wanted to look at the screen of Lin Xiu's phone, but Lin Xiu quickly reacted and put the phone in his pocket.

"Nothing."

"Tsk, acting so mysterious, who wants to see that huh." Baili Haoling put her hands on her hips at this moment, glared at Lin Xiu and said.

"Let's gather again tonight, I'll leave for a while."

Lin Xiu waved and smiled at Baili Haoling and the others, then walked to the other side.

There was a mountain at the back of this competition arena.

The so-called back mountain is right there?

Lin Xiu didn't hesitate, then walked over there. As soon as he walked up the mountain, he saw a familiar white figure.