Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 872: Extermination

Who’s that!?

Hearing this person’s voice, Lin Xiu’s eyes changed slightly.

When he looked ahead, he could clearly see a group of warriors in the same uniform, rushing over.

These people knew at a glance that they were the so-called God Hunters.

“Uncle Ye, be careful!”

The few warriors who rushed over first, holding the swords in their hands, attacked Ye Kai directly.

Boom—

With a volley of the swords in their hands, an extremely terrifying skill suddenly erupted and they charged directly at Ye Kai.

The pupils in Ye Kai’s eyes shrunk slightly. He wanted to dodge, but found that he seemed unable to dodge!

Because of his current strength, after all, he is only at the ninth rank.

As for the group of warriors who are rushing over now, their strength is at least above the master warrior level and there are even several warriors at the king warrior level.

boom–

Just when Ye Kai thought he was going to be hit by these skills, Lin Xiu’s figure had already appeared in front of him.

......

With a direct slap with the right hand, all those seemingly terrifying skill powers were instantly dissipated.

“Are you alright?”

Lin Xiu stood in front of Ye Kai and said lightly.

“I’m fine.”

In addition to being surprised, Ye Kai shook his head and said.

The powerful skill just now, Lin Xiu, was able to resist so easily.

His strength has improved so much.

“Earthling!?”

At the same time, these warriors who rushed over had already surrounded Lin Xiu and Ye Kai.

These warriors looked at Lin Xiu and Ye Kai, seemed to think of something and said aloud.

“Humph! The lowly earthlings, who dare to attack us, you are tired of living huh!”

One of the warriors looked at the corpse not far away, then looked at Lin Xiu and Ye Kai and said lightly.

Lin Xiu looked at these people, his eyes narrowed slightly.

In the past, facing these people, he might feel very strong, but now that Lin Xiu has reached the level of Respected Warrior, his strength has become extremely powerful.

Ordinary warriors, no matter how many, are simply not enough to see.

“Aren’t you the only ones left in your God Hunters?”

Lin Xiu looked at them and said aloud. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Hearing Lin Xiu’s words, these warriors were all stunned.

They don’t seem to understand why this earthling suddenly said this.

“So much nonsense!” One of the warriors said coldly when he heard Lin Xiu’s words.

“Earthlings dare to ask them questions? Just courting death!”

As soon as his body moved, he instantly appeared in front of Lin Xiu.

The sword in his hand slashed directly from top to bottom!

It seemed that he wanted to cut Lin Xiu directly in half!

swoosh—

But what he didn’t expect was that as soon as his sword was cut down, Lin Xiu’s figure seemed to disappear in place!

Not only was this man surprised, but the expressions in the eyes of the rest of the warriors also changed slightly.

And at this moment, the body of the man who had just slashed at Lin Xiu with the sword suddenly turned into two halves!

When the others saw this scene, their eyes widened.

They didn’t realize what was going on at all, they saw the man’s body split into two halves.

It was as if his body was cut in half by a sword.

“Just this bit of strength?”

And at this moment, a voice came.

Their eyes turned to the location where Lin Xiu was just now and they could clearly see where Lin Xiu was.

Lin Xiu, who had just disappeared suddenly, appeared here again!

“you...”

These warriors of the God Hunters are now completely shocked.

Ask again, how many of your God Hunters are there and where are they?

At this time, Lin Xiu turned his eyes to the front and said aloud.

“die!”

Of course, these people from the God Hunters couldn’t answer Lin Xiu’s answer just like that.

At this moment, they all rushed forward, wanting to go up together and directly kill Lin Xiu!

“Humph!”

Lin Xiu snorted coldly and with a stroke of the spear in his hand, a huge arc of white light suddenly appeared.

swoosh—

The warriors who rushed over first were all chopped in half at this moment!

Stumps and broken arms are everywhere.

Lin Xiu continued to wave the Dark Edge spear in his hand and kept killing all those warriors.

In just a few seconds, only the last warrior was left standing there.

Seeing that the blood-stained spear held by Lin Xiu pointed at his head, his body could not help shaking.

In a few seconds, Lin Xiu actually killed everyone. It really scared him.

“Tell me, how many people are there?”

Lin Xiu said lightly.

Hearing Lin Xiu’s words, the man’s legs softened and he fell to his knees directly on the ground.

He now looked at Lin Xiu with a look of fear in his eyes.

Lin Xiu’s strength was so terrifying, so terrifying that he felt like a fish on the chopping block.

“There are more than 1,600 people, distributed all over the planet Namir...”

The man’s body trembled for a while, then he said.

“How many people know of this base?”

Lin Xiu continued to speak softly.

The man was in a cold sweat, especially the corpses around him, which made him even more terrified.

“In addition to Jinli and the others who went to Earth, there are also us and the other group is the forty-five generals led by the head of the regiment. They are all warriors of the King warrior level and they will come here tomorrow...”

He didn’t dare to lie at all, so he quickly explained everything he knew.

“Is that so?”

Lin Xiu raised his brows, then said lightly.

“Really, it’s true!”

He thought that Lin Xiu wanted to kill him, so he hurriedly said.

“En, goodbye then.”

Lin Xiu swung the Dark Edge spear in his hand and at this moment, a large amount of flames were released, all of which rushed towards the surrounding corpses.

boom boom boom —

The terrifying hellfire directly annihilated those corpses and this man.

As if they never appeared at all.

“Lin Xiu, what level are you at now?”

Ye Kai secretly swallowed his saliva, opened his eyes wide and said incredulously.

Everything that happened just now was really incredible.

“Respected warrior, a level above the rank 9 warrior.

Lin Xiu smiled lightly.

Respected warrior?

Ye Kai was a little puzzled, but he didn’t ask any more questions now.

“I’m going to look for those families under the Ye family’s influence and see if I can contact them.” Ye Kai thought for a while and said aloud. ,

“Are you going alone?”

Lin Xiu was startled, then said subconsciously.

“En, I want to drop by to practice for a while, I don’t want to hold Master back.”