Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 879: The Reward Is A Holy-level Skill Card

“What do I get?”

Lin Xiu raised his brows when he heard Zhao Xiaoqing’s words, then said lightly.

He is not a saint that would save anyone.

Hearing Lin Xiu’s words, Zhao Xiaoqing’s expression changed slightly.

“Purple-gold skill Card, I’ll give you Purple-gold skill Card!”

However, she still responded quickly and said aloud.

She didn’t know what Lin Xiu’s specific strength was.

But according to the strength that Lin Xiu showed before, Lin Xiu is very strong.

“Don’t want.”

Lin Xiu shook his head and said.

You don’t even want the Purple-gold skill Card!?

Zhao Xiaoqing was startled.

You must know that the purple gold skill card is also a very cherished skill card and it cannot be seen everywhere.

......

“Boy, you’re courting death!!!”

Although the other two men were frightened by the scene just now, they still reacted quickly at this time.

The source strength in the body is mobilized.

They quickly released it, then formed a ‘Sphere’ to protect their bodies.

Before Lin Xiu could make any move, they continued to attack Lin Xiu.

Lin Xiu looked too young, they didn’t believe that with the two of them attacking him together in a state of “Sphere”, they wouldn’t be able to kill Lin Xiu!

Lin Xiu raised his brows as he watched the two men unfold a “Sphere” and attacked toward him.

Just as the two of them were holding the weapons in their hands and were about to attack Lin Xiu, a dark blue ‘Sphere’ instantly appeared on Lin Xiu’s body.

It was as if a dark blue flame surrounded Lin Xiu’s body.

boom–

The two men’s weapons instantly attacked the dark blue ‘Sphere’ that Lin Xiu unfolded.

Boom—

Those dark blue hellfires were instantly dyed on their bodies because of the collision of their weapons.

Their bodies, in an instant, were directly scorched by hellfire and annihilated.

Only bones remained.

It was too late and everything happened too fast. It only happened in an instant and the ‘Sphere’ that Lin Xiu unfolded was instantly retracted.

As if it had never appeared before.

Zhao Xiaoqing opened her eyes wide at this time, her eyes filled with disbelief.

The strength of this group of people was quite high, otherwise, she would not be caught by these people.

But what he didn’t expect was that these people that tried to deal with Lin Xiu were like a five-year-old child trying to attack an adult.

In an instant, they were directly killed.

The pupils in the long-bearded man’s eyes also shrank slightly.

A high-level King warrior like him, at that moment, instinctively feared the power displayed by Lin Xiu.

“who are you!?”

The long-bearded man’s expression also became cautious at this time.

Being so young and possessing such strength, could he be the descendant of some big family?

“what else.”

Lin Xiu ignored the words of the long-bearded man and continued to speak to Zhao Xiaoqing.

Zhao Xiaoqing was startled, but at this moment she also looked a little hesitant.

She really couldn’t think of anything else if he didn’t like the Purple Gold-level skill Card.

Other than...

“If not, bye.”

Lin Xiu said lightly, holding the Dark Edge spear in his hand, he was about to turn around and leave.

“wait!”

Seeing this scene, Zhao Xiaoqing said quickly.

Immediately, she was a little depressed. She was good-looking and was from the Zhao family. How could this person not know how to be tender toward her?

However, if Lin Xiu left now, it was clear what her fate would be.

Thinking of this, she felt a chill down her spine.

“Holy level! I’ll give you a holy level skill card!”

“deal!”

Hearing her words, the pupils in Lin Xiu’s eyes shrank slightly.

He has never seen a holy-level skill card.

Although he didn’t know whether what Zhao Xiaoqing said was true or not, it was enough to change Lin Xiu’s expression.

“Boy, you know, who are you offending now? Be careful.”

The long-bearded man’s face turned gloomy at this time.

Staring at Lin Xiu, he said coldly.

At this time, his subordinates also had a fierce look in their eyes, looking at Lin Xiu not far away.

“Then you guys, do you know who I am?”

Lin Xiu showed a strange smile on the corner of his mouth, then said lightly.

The long-bearded man was startled, staring at Lin Xiu, but found that he had no memory of the man in front of him.

“Using all these tricks – let’s kill him together, kill him!”

He said a little angrily.

A young man, no matter how powerful he is, he could still be killed!

At this moment, all twenty of his subordinates rushed towards Lin Xiu!

Because of the lessons learned just now, when they rushed out, they all directly unfolded their ‘Sphere’ to protect their bodies.

“Be careful!”

Looking at this scene, the expression in Zhao Xiaoqing’s eyes could not help but change slightly.

Even a powerful warrior would feel exhausted to face the attacks of so many warriors.

Moreover, the strength of these warriors is not low at all.

But Lin Xiu is still standing there, showing no signs of moving.

It was as if he was scared.

Whoosh whoosh—

But the moment those people approached, Lin Xiu’s body seemed to turn into thousands of shadows that shuttled back and forth, accompanied by flashes of cold light.

The bodies of those people also seemed to be stuck in place at this moment.

what happened!?

Seeing this scene, the long-bearded man’s pupils shrank slightly.

bang bang bang-

Before he could return to his senses, the bodies of these twenty or so warriors all exploded!!!

Turned into clumps of flesh and blood.

It was bloody.

Dead... dead!?

Those warriors who had followed Zhao Xiaoqing before were also trembling slightly now.

They never imagined that Lin Xiu’s strength would be so powerful.

In addition to fear, they also felt a little annoyed and regretful.

If he hadn’t listened to Qian Feng’s bewitching before, Lin Xiu would have been with them.

They won’t be caught by these people.

While Zhao Xiaoqing was in shock at this time, there was surprise in her eyes.

Lin Xiu, is really so powerful!

The long-bearded man’s face became extremely ugly. In the next moment, he seemed to think of something and rushed towards Zhao Xiaoqing.

swoosh—

The sword he was holding in his hand directly rested on Zhao Xiaoqing’s neck.

“Come any closer and I’ll kill her!”

The bald man with long beard looked at Lin Xiu over there and shouted loudly.

When Lin Xiu saw this scene, he immediately raised his brows.

“Kill her.”

Hearing Lin Xiu’s words, Zhao Xiaoqing’s eyes widened.

The bald man with long beard also trembled at this moment. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Anyway, I have nothing to do with her.”

The corners of Lin Xiu’s mouth curled up in a strange arc, then slowly continued to walk towards him.