Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 880: Killed In Seconds

??

The bald bearded man’s eyes widened at this time.

As soon as the sword in his hand exerted a little force, a bloodstain instantly appeared on Zhao Xiaoqing’s neck.

But Lin Xiu still walked towards him slowly, without any signs of stopping.

And the bald man with long beard looked at Lin Xiu’s eyes.

He found that there was no hesitation in his eyes, as if he didn’t care about Zhao Xiaoqing’s life or death at all.

“If you come any closer, I will kill her!!!”

The bald man with long beard screamed loudly at this moment.

He sounded a little crazy.

“Kill her.”

Lin Xiu said with a strange smile.

In the next moment, his body moved and rushed towards him!

Zhao Xiaoqing’s eyes widened, as if felt that her head was about to be chopped off by a bald man with a long beard.

But at this moment, the bald man with long beard suddenly pushed Zhao Xiaoqing’s body away.

Holding the sword in his hand, he charged toward Lin Xiu!

dang–

His sword collided with Lin Xiu’s spear, and a loud noise suddenly erupted.

The long-bearded man felt a huge force, and his whole body flew out.

After flying out for a long distance, he firmly stepped on the ground and stabilized his body.

But the hand holding the sword already felt a little numb.

The numbness caused by the impact of the powerful force just now.

“Who the hell are you!!!”

The bald man with long beard suddenly raised his head, looked at Lin Xiu not far away, and roared loudly.

This kind of strength is too powerful!

“Holy-level skill card, right?”

Lin Xiu ignored his words, staring at Zhao Xiaoqing who was pushed to the ground.

Zhao Xiaoqing, who was on the ground, was out of breath at this moment.

She even ignored the tingling in her neck.

Just now, she thought she was going to be directly beheaded by the bald man with long beard.

“Kill... kill him...”

At this time, Zhao Xiaoqing said aloud as if talking to himself.

“Courting death!!!”

The bald man with long beard looked at this scene and couldn’t help roaring.

The source strength of his whole body burst out at this time!

A green pattern appeared on his forehead, and the whole ground shook crazily.

boom boom boom —

At the next moment, there seems to be something on the ground that is about to bulge!

bang bang bang-

A large number of rock spears, pierced directly from the ground!

“what!!!”

Those warriors who followed Zhao Xiaoqing before were stunned and their bodies were directly penetrated as they let out a wailing sound.

Lin Xiu raised his hand, lifted Zhao Xiaoqing, and threw it directly to the other side, and his body rushed towards the long-bearded man. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Whoosh whoosh—

The rock spears on the ground kept stabbing out at this time.

But Lin Xiu’s speed was too fast, these rock spears pierced from the ground had no way to stab Lin Xiu.

Not to mention penetrate Lin Xiu’s body.

“what!!!”

The long-bearded man roared, and the sword in his hand suddenly gathered a large amount of white light.

These are all source strength.

With all the source strength gathered on the sword, the energy of his sword also reached an extremely terrifying level.

“‘Breakthrough Fatal Strike’!!!”

Looking at Lin Xiu who rushed over, he gritted his teeth, and the muscles all over his body seemed to have bulging blood vessels.

With a wave of the sword in the air, a white energy group like a huge circular saw directly charged out!

swoosh—

In the air, there seems to be a sound of breaking the air. This skill seems to be able to tear apart the space.

“Humph!”

Seeing this scene, Lin Xiu snorted coldly, and the Dark Edge spear in his hand instantly turned into amethyst glass.

It looks very bright.

The Dark Edge spear he was holding slashed directly at the skill power that was spinning like a circular saw!

“Courting death!”

The long-bearded man immediately roared when he saw this scene.

With his skills, even a mountain can easily be cut in half.

Lin Xiu’s desire to use a weapon to resist it is simply a fool’s dream!

But something shocking happened the next moment.

He saw that Lin Xiu was holding a Dark Edge spear that looked like amethyst glaze, and he broke the skill power with a single shot!

how can that be!

The long-bearded man who saw this scene opened his eyes wide and his eyes were full of disbelief.

This was the skill he was most proud of and it was broken so easily!?

And after breaking his skill, Lin Xiu’s movements didn’t stop, he charged directly towards him.

The long-bearded man only saw a cold light flash past, and the long spear appeared in front of him!

boom–

The ‘Sphere’ that the long-bearded man unfolded was directly stabbed and exploded at this moment.

The sharp head of the Dark Edge spear also penetrated his head.

The bald man with long beard opened his eyes wide, as if he didn’t even know how he died.

With the movement of Lin Xiu’s right hand, the spear was drawn out, and his body fell directly to the ground.

At this point, all these people were wiped out by Lin Xiu.

“Let’s go.”

Out of the corner of his eye, he glanced to the other side, looking at Zhao Xiaoqing who was lying on the other side, Lin Xiu said lightly.

Then he walked in the other direction without looking back.

Zhao Xiaoqing was still in shock just now, but when she heard Lin Xiu’s words, she came back to her senses.

Looking at the corpses on the ground, she suddenly felt a sense of fear.

If Lin Xiu hadn’t happened to be here just now, the consequences would have been unimaginable.

But this Lin Xiu’s strength is really too terrifying.

In this short moment, all these warriors were killed.

You must know that the strength of the long-bearded man should be a high-level warrior of King warrior.

Among the King warriors, he is also a high-level existence.

Under Lin Xiu’s attack, he couldn’t hang on even for a few seconds.

“Wait for me!”

At this time, seeing Lin Xiu walking directly towards the other side, Zhao Xiaoqing stomped her feet and wanted to run forward.

“Just now, did you want that bald head to kill me huh!”

Zhao Xiaoqing chased after him, walked beside Lin Xiu, and said angrily.

The bald head took himself as a hostage, but Lin Xiu didn’t seem to care about her life or death at all.

“He won’t kill you.”

Lin Xiu shook his head, and then said lightly.

“Why do you think so, if he really killed me...”

“Then I won’t be able to get a holy-level skill card, right?”

Lin Xiu said with a faint smile.

“Humph!”

Zhao Xiaoqing snorted coldly at this time, feeling a little unhappy inside, this person really doesn’t know how to show tenderness toward girls at all!!!