Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 886: Zhao Yongyuan (1)

Hu–

As soon as he stepped onto the eighth floor, Lin Xiu could not help but heave a sigh of relief.

The floors after the fifth floor are indeed a bit difficult and they are faced with some evolved beasts that are more powerful than the previous floors and some special mechanisms.

It was still quite tiring for Lin Xiu to make it through the levels continuously.

Wiping the sweat from his forehead, Lin Xiu turned to the front and found that the eighth floor was different from the other floors in that it turned out to be empty.

“Eh?”

Looking at the surrounding scene, Lin Xiu’s eyes showed curiosity.

Originally thought that there would be even greater challenges waiting for him on the eighth floor, but unexpectedly, there was nothing on the eighth floor of the nine-story tower.

strange.

Lin Xiu looked around and found nothing special.

“You’re still here.”

In the next moment, Lin Xiu seemed to sense something, then said lightly to the corner.

With the naked eye, there seemed to be nothing in that corner, but with his powerful perception ability, Lin Xiu clearly felt that there was someone in that corner. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

This person seems to have been hiding since the first floor.

Without any hesitation, Lin Xiu directly used his analytical eye:

Name: Zhao Yongyuan

Rank: Respected warrior

Strength: 106548

More than 100,000 combat power!

Lin Xiu was a little surprised.

Although he had always known that there was an existence that seemed to be like an administrator lurking in this nine-story tower, Lin Xiu did not expect that this person’s strength was so strong.

Looking at the corner, there was still no movement, Lin Xiu said lightly:

“Zhao Yongyuan.”

As soon as Lin Xiu finished speaking, the space in the corner seemed to distort in an instant.

A dark shadow charged directly towards Lin Xiu!

Hng!

Seeing this scene, the pupils in Lin Xiu’s eyes shrank slightly.

In the next moment, he directly raised his hand and punched it!

Boom—

Lin Xiu’s punch collided with Zhao Yongyuan’s fist, which turned into a black shadow and a loud noise suddenly erupted.

The powerful impact made Lin Xiu take a few steps back.

“How do you know my name?”

At this time, the shadow slowly appeared and upon closer inspection, it was a man wearing a black cloak.

It seems that because he hasn’t cut his hair and beard all year round, he looks a little sloppy.

Those sharp eyes were staring at Lin Xiu in front of him.

“Are you the guardian of this tower?”

Lin Xiu narrowed his eyes slightly, then said lightly.

“answer me.”

Zhao Yongyuan ignored Lin Xiu’s words and said out loud to himself.

“How can I set foot on the ninth floor?”

Lin Xiu ignored his words and continued to speak.

Zhao Yongyuan frowned slightly and in the next moment, his figure moved and he instantly turned into a black mist, charging directly towards Lin Xiu.

Lin Xiu narrowed his eyes slightly and with a flick of his right hand, the Dark Edge spear on his back flew directly into his hand in the next moment.