Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 898: An Elder of the Zhao Family

The fierce sword aura was directly headed towards Zhao Yongyuan.

Boom boom boom – –

The sword aura looked terrifying as there was a huge noise in the air as it travelled.

From what Zhao Lin wanted, Zhao Yongyuan would definitely be sliced into two!

Boom – –

At the very last moment when the sword aura was about to slice Zhao Yongyuan into two, he disappeared!

How was this possible?!

Zhao Lin was in complete shock when he saw what happened.

The move just now was out of his expectation.

“What is your name?”

Zhao Yongyuan looked at Zhao Lin as he asked flatly.

There was a peculiar look in his eyes that caused Zhao Lin to shiver when he looked at Zhao Yongyuan.

“Zhao…..Zhao Lin…..”

His mouth shivered and he stuttered as he tried to answer.

“Zhao Lin? I have never heard of you.”

Zhao Yongyuan shook his head.

“Who’s the head of the family now?”

At the same time, he looked around before asking Zhao Lin another question.

“Brat! Who do you think you are?”

Zhao Qi walked in and immediately asked the stranger.

For some reason, he kept feeling that Zhao Yongyuan was an elderly. It was odd.

It felt as if this man was related to the Zhao family.

“Zhao Qi?”

When Zhao Yongyuan saw who it was, he immediately recognised Zhao Qi.

Zhao Qi was stunned. He was thinking to himself how this old man would have known his name.

“I didn’t think that you were this big already.”

Zhao Yongyuan continued speaking.

Zhap Xiaoqing was shocked as well.

From how Zhao Yongyuan was speaking, it felt weird as the way that he spoke sounded like an elderly speaking to his young ones.

“Get him!’

Then, Zhao Lin finally broke free from the pressuring force from earlier.

As he thought of how he got frightened because of Zhao Yongyuan, he was embarrassed and he got mad about it.

The rest of the warriors followed his commands as well and was about to move.

“On your knees!”

Zhao Yongyuan suddenly roared.

All of the warriors felt their knees turn weak and they kneel on the ground immediately as soon as Zhao Yongyuan finished his sentence.

They couldn’t even hold their weapons.

Clang – –

It was followed by a large sound as all of their weapons fell onto the ground.

When Zhao Qi saw what happened, his eyes was stretched wide open.

“With all due respect, you are…?”

Zhao Qi tried to calm himself down and wanted to ask Zhao Yongyuan who he was.

From the abilities that Zhao Yongyuan had, he was definitely a very strong person and it was horrifying.

He wouldn’t be able to defeat this man.

Plus, he couldn’t help but feel a little suspicious after hearing what Zhao Yongyuan had just said.

“Zhao Yongyuan.”

Zhao Yongyuan looked at Zhao Qi before saying flatly.

Zhao Yongyuan…..Zhao Yongyuan...

This name….he has heard of it somewhere...

Wait?!

Zhao Qi’s eyes widened in shock once again when he was suddenly reminded about something.

Zhao Yongyuan…..the name….isn’t he the same generation as his father?

Plus, he seemed to have heard that this man was a genius in the Zhao family!

“You…..no….you really are Zhao Yongyuan?”

Zhao Qi was stuttering as well.

“Father, who on earth is...”

Zhao Lin saw the expression on his father’s face and he was shocked as well.

“Shut up! On your knees!”

Zhao Qi screamed.

“Greetings elder, I am Zhao Qi.”

Zhao Qi quickly got on his knees and greeted Zhao Yongyuan.

Zhao Lin was still confused but he still did the same as his father.

“Xiaoqing!”

Zhao Qi screamed at the girl who seemed to be frozen on the spot.

“Forget it.”

Zhao Yongyuan waed his hand and all of a sudden, the rest of them felt as if an invisible strength had been lifted from above them and they were all pulled to stand.

Everyone was shocked after experiencing such a shocking scene.

Then, all of them turned towards Lin Xiu.

Lin Xiu came in with Zhao Yongyuan which means...

“He is the young master.”

Zhao Yongyuan answered the question as if he could read Zhao Qi’s mind.

“Greetings, Young Master.”

Zhao Qi had no idea what was going on but he just did as he was told.

Lin Xiu was surprised as well to see that Zhao Yongyuan seemed to be very powerful in the Zhao family.

“Elder, should we head to the front?”

Zhao Qi hesitated for a moment before asking.

Zhao Yongyuan turned towards Lin Xiu when he heard the question from Zhao Qi.

Lin Xiu nodded his head as an answer.

Soon, most of them moved to the conference hall.

Zhao Yongyuan took the time to take a shower and polish himself. He even cut his hair.

He has been inside for way too long and he hasn’t been grooming himself which made him look like a mess.

“Mr Lin, have some tea.”

Zhao Qi was greeting Lin Xiu respectfully.

Lin Xiu was sitting in one of the chairs that were in the centre of the hall and Zhao Qi along with Zhao Lin sat on the sides.

There were only three of them in the hall.

Lin Xiu picked up the cup and slowly sipped onto his tea.

“Does the Zhao family still remember this?”

As he put down his cup, Lin Xiu showed the Imperial Order.

Zhao Qi and Zhao Lin both turned towards Lin Xiu.

Zhao Lin was looking confused as usual but Zhao Qi was looking shocked.

“Is this….the Imperial Order?!”

When he saw the Imperial Order, Zhao Qi started to tremble.

Zhao Qi was a little confused but when he heard Zhao Qi calling it the Imperial Order, the look on his face changed as well.

“Is this the legendary Imperial Order?!”

Zhao Lin couldn’t believe his eyes.

He has only seen these in the transcripts written from a long time ago.

Since he would be leading the Zhao family soon, he had the right to know about what had happened in the past.

However, he didn’t think that such legendary things would appear right in front of him.

Zhao Qi was like a rock as he stared at the Imperial Order.

Then, he swung his right hand and it pressed onto one of the button nearby.

Koong Loong – – Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Suddenly, all of the doors around them were shut.

The lightning system in the hall was activated as well.

“I’m terribly sorry but this is a serious matter and to prevent others from…..”

“I understand.”

Before Zhao Qi could finish his sentence, Lin Xiu nodded his head in agreement.

“So…. this is the Imperial Order…..”

Zhao Qi nodded his head. Then, he reached out for the Imperial Order and noticed that the word ‘Ye’ was carved on the back it.