Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 905: Shocked

At the same time, a white-clothed warrior stared at Lin Xiu and said aloud.

Hearing his words, the rest of the warriors also stared at Lin Xiu.

Their eyes were full of vigilance.

“The people in the black troop didn’t dare to come directly. Could it be that they really sent a spy here?”

A guard on the other side whispered at this time.

“Otherwise, how could such a coincidence happen.”

Mr. Zhang was stunned for a moment, then said aloud, “This is impossible, Brother Lin just saved us and killed many warriors in the black troop.”

The other young warriors also nodded.

“At this critical moment, you can’t just let people get in here, capture him first!”

At this moment, the warrior who first questioned Lin Xiu shouted loudly.

...

As soon as his body moved, he was about to rush towards Lin Xiu!

The rest of the guards rushed toward Lin Xiu at the same time.

Lin Xiu, who was on the Android horse, was about to be taken off!

Seeing them attacking, Lin Xiu, who was on the Android horse, still appeared to be very calm, not showing any signs of fear at all.

“Scram.”

Just when these people wanted to attack Lin Xiu, Lin Xiu spat out a word from his mouth.

As soon as Lin Xiu finished speaking, these white-clothed warriors felt a powerful force coming.

The whole body was directly shaken out by that powerful force!

bang bang bang-

Several warriors fell directly on the surrounding ground, making a dull sound.

“Brother Lin...”

When Mr. Zhang saw this scene, he immediately became nervous.

He never imagined that things would develop to this point.

“They’re all right.”

Lin Xiu said lightly.

Mr. Zhang and the others looked around, although the white-robed warriors who were blasted out by Lin Xiu’s powerful force were still wailing on the ground.

But on the whole, it doesn’t seem to hurt much.

This made Mr. Zhang heave a sigh of relief.

“Thank you Brother Lin for showing mercy.”

“Reward.”

Lin Xiu was too lazy to talk nonsense with them, so he went straight to the point.

The headquarters of the white-clothed troop had nothing to do with him at all.

He didn’t even need to go in there.

Hearing Lin Xiu’s words, Mr. Zhang was stunned for a moment.

In the next moment, he showed a wry smile.

Now that he is certain, Lin Xiu has no interest at all in the headquarters of their white troop.

“Wait here for a while, I’ll give it to you right away.”

Mr. Zhang said respectfully to Lin Xiu.

In the next moment, he ran inside.

Lin Xiu was sitting on the Android horse at this time, his waist was still straight and motionless.

Like a statue.

And the few young white-clothed warriors around didn’t dare to face Lin Xiu at this time.

After all, the strength that Lin Xiu showed just now was indeed too terrifying.

It made them stressed.

“Brother Lin, this is a purple-gold skill card. Our white troop doesn’t have anything else, so this is for you. I hope you can accept it.”

Mr. Zhang handed it to Lin Xiu with a wooden box.

Inside the wooden box, there was a purple-gold skill card.

For them, the purple-gold skill card is a very precious kind of skill card.

Of course, it is definitely incomparable with a holy-level skill card.

“Sure.”

Lin Xiu took the wooden box and said lightly.

Anyway, he killed those people in the black-clothed troop at will, so obtaining a purple-gold skill card was not too bad.

“I’ll get going.”

With the movement of Lin Xiu’s thoughts, the wooden box instantly disappeared from Lin Xiu’s hands.

Mr. Zhang was stunned when he saw this scene up close.

He didn’t seem to understand why the wooden box containing the Purple Gold skill Card suddenly disappeared.

“Where are you going?”

But at this moment, a voice came from inside.

“Elder Sun?”

When Mr. Zhang heard the voice, he looked back subconsciously and saw a middle-aged man walking out from the inside.

“Zhang Rin, are you just giving the purple-gold-level skill card to others like that?”

The middle-aged man known as Elder Sun looked at Mr. Zhang and said lightly.

There seems to be a lot of meaning behind his words.

“Elder Sun, Brother Lin has just rescued us and killed many high-level warriors in the black troop. This is a thank you gift to him.”

Zhang Rin explained aloud.

“Why did he save you guys?”

Elder Sun looked at Lin Xiu who was riding on the horse and said coldly.

When Elder Sun suddenly said this, Zhang Rin and the others were speechless.

“I will kill whoever wants to kill me.”

Lin Xiu glanced at him, then said lightly.

“Meaning, if the people in our white-clothed troop are disadvantageous to you, you will kill them too?”

Elder Sun looked at Lin Xiu and said coldly.

“I will kill them all.”

Lin Xiu spoke directly, without the slightest hesitation.

“Courting death!”

Hearing Lin Xiu’s words, Elder Sun’s expression changed slightly.

In the next moment, his body moved and leaped directly towards Lin Xiu!

His right hand extended and his entire palm turned into eagle claws.

Under the burst of source strength, his claws suddenly transformed into huge eagle claws, as if he was going to crush Lin Xiu’s body directly!

Boom—

But at this moment, Lin Xiu’s body burst into a dark blue flame. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

These dark blue flames directly formed a ‘Sphere’, wrapping Lin Xiu’s body completely.

His illusory giant eagle claws hit Lin Xiu’s ‘Sphere’ and a dull sound suddenly erupted.

Soon, his illusory giant eagle claws disappeared instantly.

how can that be!?

Elder Sun suffered a backlash at this time and when his body was shaken and flew out for a certain distance, then he spats out a mouthful of blood.

He covered his chest and stared at Lin Xiu, who was still on the horse, with an unbelievable look in his eyes.

“Boy, who are you!”

Elder Sun is a warrior at the peak of Respected warrior, but that kid seems to be stronger than him.

Could he be a... Respected warrior!?

This is impossible. With his age, how could he be so strong...

“I’ll give you a chance. If you attack again, I will kill you.”

The ‘Sphere’ on Lin Xiu’s body has disappeared.

He glanced at Elder Sun, then said lightly.

That Elder Sun was caught by Lin Xiu’s eyes and his body suddenly trembled slightly.

In Lin Xiu’s eyes, he seemed to see the scene of hell.

What a terrifying young man!