Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 908: In the Arena

Lin Xiu didn’t look very strong, so the middle-aged man also thought that Lin Xiu’s strength was average.

At the same time, the four people who were selected to play have already started to fight.

These people are here to kill each other, so the battle is fierce.

Soon, one of the warriors killed the other three warriors with great strength.

“Hahaha, what’s your name!”

The man sitting in one of the corners couldn’t help laughing as he watched the person he chose to play killed the other three warriors.

“Sir, I am Liu Zhan.”

The warrior who killed the other three said respectfully to the man at this time.

There is still a lot of blood on his body, it looks very terrifying.

“Very good, you can be in my team.”

...

The man nodded and said at this time.

“Thank you, sir!”

Hearing An Nengxing’s words, the man said excitedly.

It was as if he had forgotten the injury on his body.

“Zhang Jin, Hu Ling, Luo Kun, it seems that the people in your team are not as good as mine.”

At this time, An Nengxing looked at the warriors sitting on the seats in the other triangles of the battle platform and suddenly laughed.

This time, they chose the warrior with the strongest actual combat ability to go to the secret realm.

Therefore, the strength of the warriors in the team also needs to be particularly strong.

“What is this secret realm?”

Lin Xiu looked at the middle-aged man beside him and said in a light voice.

“The secret realm is said to be a space opened up by warriors of the sage warrior-level in the past. There are holy-level skill cards or the existence of some rare treasures in it.”

“Some Sage warriors will even pass on their own power. If anyone can obtain sage warrior’s power, then they will be stronger!”

Speaking of this, the man was also excited.

The middle-aged man thought that Lin Xiu had no strength, so he was not afraid of Lin Xiu’s questions.

“Oh I see.”

Hearing this, Lin Xiu narrowed his eyes slightly.

“you come up!”

Continue reading on 0n MYB0XN0 V E L. COM

At this time, the four men and women on the battlefield began to select warriors to fight again.

And at this time, as a sturdy warrior was selected to take the stage, the surrounding warriors all exclaimed.

“Did you see? That person is Czech. He is a murderer. It is said that he has already stepped into the realm of Respected warrior.”

The middle-aged man said to Lin Xiu after seeing the burly man on the stage.

“If you go up, you probably be pinched to death with one hand.”

“For us ordinary warriors, let’s just watch.”

The middle-aged man sighed at this time.

“Why, Hu Ling, you can’t choose a good warrior?”

At this moment, An Nengxing looked at Hu Ling, who was sitting across from him and said with a smile.

Hu Ling is a tall and slender woman who looks very heroic.

“Humph.”

When Hu Ling heard her words, she snorted coldly.

There was still a secret rivalry between the four of them.

She glanced at the bottom and found that there were not many warriors left.

The remaining warriors were weak.

She glanced at her eyes and found that there was a handsome-looking but not very strong warrior under the battle platform. He was looking at the battle platform with a smile.

For some reason, Hu Ling suddenly had a strange feeling.

“you come up.”

She pointedly pointed at Lin Xiu and said.

Hearing her words, the surrounding warriors all looked towards Lin Xiu.

“Brother, are you going to come on stage?”

The middle-aged man standing beside Lin Xiu had his eyes wide open at this moment and there seemed to be a look of disbelief in his eyes.

After all, Lin Xiu doesn’t look strong, he looked like a pampered son.

And he didn’t have any weapons on him, so if he went up, wouldn’t he be courting death?

“There’s no other way. If Lady Hu Ling asks you to come up, you won’t be able to escape.”

The middle-aged man said with a sigh.

It was as if Lin Xiu would die the moment he went up.

“En, let me try.”

Lin Xiu showed a faint smile at this time, then walked directly towards the arena.

“This kid is simply courting death.”

“Czech is a warrior who has stepped into the realm of Respected warrior and his methods of killing people are cruel, there is no way to resist.”

“That kid, he’s dead.”

The surrounding warriors watched Lin Xiu walk upstairs so calmly and couldn’t help shaking their heads secretly.

“Hahaha, Hu Ling, why did you choose such a kid.”

When An Nengxing and the others saw Lin Xiu who Hu Ling had chosen, they couldn’t help laughing.

The warriors they choose are all strong and they are full of explosive power.

But Lin Xiu looked too ordinary.

Of course, except that he looked pretty handsome.

Hu Ling was also a little helpless at this time.

She also didn’t know why she chose Lin Xiu to play.

It’s just that when she looked at Lin Xiu just now, she felt that Lin Xiu seemed to be different from the others.

This different feeling made her choose Lin Xiu.

“Tsk tsk, maybe it’s because he looks good-looking eh?” Zhang Jin also said aloud at this time.

“Hahaha, I didn’t expect that, Hu Ling, you’ve quite the appetite ah.”

Luo Kun, who was on the other seat, also laughed.

“Shut up!”

Hearing their words, Hu Ling looked a little annoyed.

“You, don’t die so soon.”

She looked at Lin Xiu and said coldly.

Lin Xiu was still calm at this time, without the slightest hint of fear. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Seeing that Lin Xiu seemed to be ignoring her, Hu Ling frowned slightly.

“Hehe, don’t worry, I will tear you all to pieces.”

Czech looked at the people around him, bared white teeth and said.

He was holding a huge mace and the muscles in his body swelled up, looking terrifying.

There are many snake-shaped scars on the skin of the body.

At this time, the other two warriors looked at Czech, with a little fear in their eyes.

But this was an opportunity and the fear in their eyes slowly turned into fighting intent.

“start!”

Czech roared and all the muscles in his body swelled to the extreme.

The two warriors obviously wanted to join forces to deal with Czech first.

At this time, they all gathered together, then frantically attacked Czech.

“Courting death!”

Czech watched the two warriors attack and they fought wildly in an instant.

On the contrary, Lin Xiu was standing at the side, not moving at all.