Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 909: One Hit

“This kid can live a little longer.”

The middle-aged man who stood beside Lin Xiu just now couldn’t help but say aloud.

The rest of the warriors paid attention to the battle between Czech and the other two warriors.

No one was optimistic about Lin Xiu, because in their opinion, if Lin Xiu was going to die, it was only a matter of time.

At this time, Czech was still fighting with the other two warriors.

Although they joined forces to deal with Czech, Czech’s strength was obviously much stronger than theirs.

“Die!!!”

Soon, with a huge roar from Czech, the bodies of the two warriors burst into two halves!

A lot of blood and minced meat spilled on the ground.

“Hahaha!”

...

Seeing the two killed by him, Czech couldn’t help laughing.

His eyes were full of madness.

The rest of the warriors below the stage trembled.

The strength of this Czech is really too strong and the two warriors were killed in such a cruel way.

“Next, it’s your turn.”

Czech looked at the shattered corpses of the two and after raising his foot and stomping one of the corpses into minced meat, he looked at Lin Xiu who was behind him.

His eyes were full of blood and cruelty.

Lin Xiu was still standing still.

“This kid, I’m afraid he’s already frightened.”

The middle-aged man from before saw that Lin Xiu was still standing still, so he couldn’t help saying aloud.

The others also shook their heads secretly. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Next, it must be the scene in which Czech kill the kid with brutal methods.

“Let me see, how should I kill you?”

Czech looked at the handsome Lin Xiu, revealing his white teeth.

“How about taking out your heart first? Don’t worry, there will be no pain...”

As he spoke, he licked his lips.

Like a beast seeing delicious prey.

“Czech, don’t waste your time.”

An Nengxing, who was sitting on the edge of the battle platform, said aloud at this time.

“Okay, sir.”

Czech laughed, then rushed towards Lin Xiu.

swoosh—

But at this moment, before he could rush over, Lin Xiu’s body disappeared instantly.

what happened!?

When the surrounding warriors saw this scene, the expressions in their eyes could not help but change slightly.

Because Lin Xiu had been standing still as if he was frightened.

But how did he suddenly disappear?

boom–

And at the next moment, with a dull sound, Lin Xiu’s figure appeared behind Czech.

The body of Czech, who had rushed towards Lin Xiu, seemed to have stopped in place.

not moving at all.

“you...”

Czech opened his eyes wide, lowered his head and slowly looked toward his chest.

Taking a closer look, you can clearly see that there was a hole in his chest!

He looked to the front and found that Lin Xiu who had appeared in the back just now seemed to be holding something in his hand.

“Whose heart are you going to take?”

At this moment, Lin Xiu turned his head slightly and looked back.

At this time, on his hand, a blood-red heart could be clearly seen, lying in the palm of his hand.

thump thump-

It was still covered in fresh blood and seemed to still be beating.

“give it back!”

Czech’s eyes widened and he roared fiercely.

boom–

Lin Xiu exerted force and was instantly crushed into pieces.

And Czech, who rushed over, fell directly to the ground at this moment, without making any sound.

Dead.

The terrifying Czech was killed by Lin Xiu just like that.

And his heart was pulled out.

Hu Ling’s eyes widened at this time.

how can that be!!!

Just now, she also clearly felt that Lin Xiu should be quite weak and she was still regretting choosing the wrong person to play, but what she did not expect was that Lin Xiu would deal with Czech in this way.

Not only her, but everyone present was shocked.

That was Czech, not an ordinary warrior.

Czech was a murderer! And he had stepped into the realm of Respected warrior.

He said just now that he was going to take out Lin Xiu’s heart, but at this time, Lin Xiu actually took out his heart.

And the speed was so fast that they didn’t couldn’t even react.

“Damn boy!”

An Nengxing, who was sitting on the seat on the other side, also looked extremely nasty at this time.

Czech was the warrior he picked out. He never thought that Lin Xiu would deal with him so easily.

He didn’t feel pity for Czech’s death, but felt that Lin Xiu had embarrassed him.

“very good!”

Hu Ling also laughed out loud at this time.

She thought that she had chosen the wrong warrior, but didn’t expect Lin Xiu to be a hidden expert.

Even a warrior like Czech could be killed with one hit.

In addition to the surprise, she was also a little curious about Lin Xiu’s strength.

Could he be a Respected warrior?

No, it’s impossible.

Hu Ling shook her head.

The realm of Respected warrior is not so easy to step into.

Otherwise, why are there so many warriors at the peak King warrior level, but so few warriors at the Respected warrior level.

“Lin Xiu, very good, you’ll join my team.”

Hu Ling said to Lin Xiu at this time.

Lin Xiu nodded slightly.

“Stop.”

Just when Lin Xiu wanted to leave the battlefield, An Nengxing looked at Lin Xiu and said coldly.

“An Nengxing, what do you mean?”

Hearing An Nengxing’s words, Hu Ling frowned slightly.

“Oh nothing, I just thought that there are still so many warriors over there. Should we make it more fun?”

An Nengxing pointed to the many warriors under the platform and said.

“Hahaha, An Nengxing is right, we should play some interesting games.”

Zhang Jin and Luo Kun on the other two sides also laughed and said at this time.

“How do you want to play?”

Hu Ling frowned slightly, but still said aloud.

“Let’s do this, whoever can kill him, come up. If you succeed, you can choose to join one of our four teams and go to the secret realm!”

An Nengxing smiled, then pointed at Lin Xiu and said.

As soon as he said his words, the eyes of the surrounding warriors all looked towards Lin Xiu.

There was killing intent in their eyes.

“Why, Hu Ling, don’t tell me you’re afraid?”

Zhang Jin also laughed at this time.

“I’m afraid?”

Hu Ling snorted coldly.

Her eyes looked toward Lin Xiu.

She saw that Lin Xiu was still very calm at this time.

There was no panic at all.

This made Hu Ling more curious about Lin Xiu.

What is the origin of this man?