Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 910: Divine Spark

?

“Can you do it?”

At this time, Hu Ling looked at Lin Xiu and said aloud.

“Sure.”

Lin Xiu said lightly.

There was no trace of fear in his words.

Lin Xiu didn’t need to be afraid.

Because of the strength of these warriors present, under the inspection of the Analytic eye, he could analyze all of them.

“Okay! Those who can kill him, go to the platform and I will reward you!”

Seeing that Lin Xiu was still so ‘arrogant’, An Nengxing shouted loudly.

Hearing An Nengxing’s words, many warriors below also began to move.

“I’ll come!”

...

At the next moment, the shirtless man jumped directly onto the battle platform.

The muscles of this man looked very solid.

And there are many scars on the naked upper body.

At one glance, you could tell that he was a seasoned player.

“Luo Qiangshen, this person is also a warrior at the peak of King warrior.”

“And his swordsmanship is unparalleled.”

When the warriors below saw the man standing on the platform, they couldn’t help but whisper.

“Boy, that Czech guy was just careless. I’ll chop off your head off.”

Luo Qiangshen looked at Lin Xiu, stuck out his tongue and licked the sharp sword he was holding, then revealed a sinister smile.

“You talk a lot of nonsense.”

Lin Xiu spread his hands and said.

“Courting death!”

Hearing Lin Xiu’s words, the man’s expression changed slightly.

Luo Qiang let out a loud roar, then held the slender sword in his hand and charged directly toward him!

The moment he rushed towards Lin Xiu, his body instantly divided into five!

Five identical men holding swords!

“It has appeared! Luo Qiang’s clone skill!”

Some warriors were excited when they saw this scene.

It is said that every clone of Luo Qiang’s clone skill has the ability to attack!

“This kid, he’s dead!”

Just when those warriors expected that Lin Xiu would die, Lin Xiu’s figure suddenly disappeared!

How did he disappear!?

Seeing this scene in the eyes of An Nengxing and the others, they could not help but stand up from their seats in surprise.

bang bang bang-

At the next moment, a dull sound rang out.

Luo Qiang’s clones disappeared one by one.

And the head of the main body that rushed over was instantly chopped off and it flew out.

When the surrounding warriors saw this scene, they were also startled and exclaimed.

boom–

Luo Qiangshen, who lost his head, fell directly to the ground.

At this time, when he looked to the front, he could clearly see Lin Xiu’s figure in front of him.

“Next. Is there anyone else?”

Lin Xiu glanced at the warriors under the stage and said with a faint smile. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Hearing Lin Xiu’s words, the surrounding warriors recovered from the shock just now.

At this time, they couldn’t help but feel a chill down their spines.

Luo Qiangshen, such a powerful Luo Qiangshen, was killed by this kid so easily!?

And the most terrifying thing was that Lin Xiu didn’t seem to have any weapons in his hands, but there was a neat cut on Luo Qiang’s neck.

As if it was cut by some sharp weapon.

The middle-aged man who was standing beside Lin Xiu just now trembled.

Terrifying, this strength is really terrifying.

“How on earth did you do it!?”

Hu Ling also stood up from her seat, looking at Lin Xiu, her beautiful eyes filled with disbelief.

“secret.”

Lin Xiu smiled lightly.

For some reason, seeing Lin Xiu at this moment, Hu Ling felt her heart beating a little faster.

Mysterious, powerful, and handsome warrior, she has to admit that he was very attractive.

“Damn.”

An Nengxing’s face became extremely ugly at this time.

“Anyone else come up?”

Zhang Jin and Luo Kun also glanced at the warriors under the stage and said aloud.

Just as their eyes glanced over, the surrounding warriors instinctively took a step back.

They all seemed to be afraid because of Lin Xiu’s powerful strength just now.

Previously, Czech could be said to be careless, but now Lin Xiu’s powerful strength in killing Luo Qiangshen really made them feel scared.

One hit.

No one could even see what moves Lin Xiu used!

“A bunch of trash!”

An Nengxing saw that no one dared to come up and his face became gloomy at this time.

Looking at Lin Xiu, he felt increasingly unpleasant.

“What level are you?”

An Nengxing pointed at Lin Xiu and said aloud.

“can not say.”

Lin Xiu shook his head and said.

An Nengxing’s face became ugly and he said with a sneer, “Here, we are the king. Do you what are the consequences if you refuse to answer me now?”

“According to the rules, I can go to that secret realm without joining your team right?”

Lin Xiu ignored his words, looked at Hu Ling and said lightly.

“Yes.”

Hu Ling nodded.

Looking at An Nengxing, he frowned slightly and said, “An Nengxing, let’s end it here, don’t break the rules.”

“Rules? This kid won’t even report his own strength. He is so arrogant. Does this count as abiding by the rules.”

An Nengxing said with a cold snort.

“You didn’t take a fancy to this kid and now want to protect him, did you?”

“Shut up!”

Hearing An Nengxing’s words, Hu Ling’s face turned cold.

“What’s our mission this time, don’t you know? If you mess around again, be careful and I’ll report it to the top.”

Hu Ling said coldly.

“Humph!”

An Nengxing snorted coldly, his eyes were full of unwillingness.

Looking at Lin Xiu, he felt that Lin Xiu was not pleasing to the eye.

“Boy, do you dare to have a game with me?”

An Nengxing pointed at Lin Xiu and said.

“If you win, I can give you the Divine Spark.”

“Divine Spark? Is it that rare Divine Spark?”

When the surrounding warriors heard An Nengxing talking about the Divine Spark, their eyes showed surprise.

“Do you have Orchid of Heaven?”

Lin Xiu didn’t know what the Divine Spark was, so he asked An Nengxing.

“The Orchid of Heaven?”

An Nengxing was stunned for a moment, then sneered, “What is this, I have never heard of it.”

“But my Divine Spark is very rare. It probably can be exchanged for that Orchid of Heaven.”

“How do you want to play?”

Lin Xiu narrowed his eyes slightly and said lightly.

“If you beat my shadow squad, you win.”

“This Divine Spark is yours.”

As he spoke, he took out a flame-like flower from a strange box beside him.