Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 917: Sage Warrior Statue

Lin Xiu didn’t feel anything.

After swallowing these things, the increase in his physical strength was not great.

At most, it merely helped replenish his source strength.

“Let’s go.”

Lin Xiu looked at Hu Ling who was stunned and said aloud.

“Okay.”

Hu Ling also came back to her senses at this time and nodded.

Lin Xiu does seem to be a little too mysterious and it wasn’t a good time to probe.

As the saying goes, curiosity killed the cat. Although she was curious, she was able to suppress her curiosity.

boom boom boom —

When everyone continued to move forward, they heard a loud noise.

...

It seems that something is stepping on the ground.

“What’s in front of this?”

Some warriors couldn’t help asking.

The environment here was really weird and someone was directly burned to death just now.

Under such circumstances, they dare not move casually at all.

“I don’t know, every time you enter the secret realm, there will be some changes in the place you go.”

Hu Ling said lightly.

At this time, she was also holding a long sword, looking around, looking very cautious.

“Look over there!”

At the next moment, a warrior shouted in shock.

Hearing his voice, everyone’s eyes looked over at the same time.

There were a large number of huge black figures over there, rushing towards this side.

Those rumbling footsteps came from these things.

Name: Black Iron Bull

Rank: Beast king

Features: The surface skin is like black iron. It is a huge bovine evolved beast with extremely strong attack power and thick skin, which can withstand powerful attacks.

Under the Analytic Eye, Lin Xiu easily knew the identities of these evolved beasts.

“kill!”

The surrounding warriors looked at the black iron bulls rushing over and their expressions changed greatly.

These black iron bulls had two huge and sharp horns and they rammed directly towards them!

boom boom boom —

Some quick-responding warriors were already frantically holding the weapons in their hands, releasing various skills and attacking those evolved beasts.

Lin Xiu stood at the same spot and watched several black iron bulls attacking toward him as he directly threw his fists and attacked the heads of these beasts!

crackling-

There were a lot of lightning flashes on his fist.

The fist slammed on the heads of the black iron bulls that came over, directly smashing their heads and sending them flying out.

And because of the terrifying lightning bolt in Lin Xiu’s hands, the bodies of the black iron bulls that flew out all smelled as if they were cooked.

When the rest of the warriors were fighting very hard, Lin Xiu had already dealt with many of the black iron bulls with his bare hands.

“what!”

At this time, he looked towards the front and one or two warriors who seemed to be weak were directly penetrated by the horns of those black iron bulls.

After all, the number of these black iron bulls was too large and if you are not careful, you will be attacked.

Finally, after a while, all the black iron bulls were killed.

And these warriors are already a little tired and out of breath.

Even Hu Ling, who was also at the level of Respected Warrior, seemed to be relieved at this time.

“These evolved beasts came from that direction, let’s go there and see, there should be something.”

Hu Ling pointed to the front and said.

The surrounding warriors also nodded after taking a rest.

.

Because the space here was very wide and there were many passages. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

They didn’t know where to go.

“There are thirty warriors in total and now there are only twenty-five left.”

Some warriors said sadly.

They were in there for such a short time yet five warriors died.

They walked slowly to the front and found a white light appeared in front.

“It seems...there is something!”

A warrior said excitedly.

These warriors who had become a little afraid because of the deaths of those warriors just now became a little excited when they saw the white light that appeared in front of them.

There are many treasures in this secret realm.

In the front, it is very likely that the treasure is located!

Statue?

Lin Xiu, who has good eyes, can already clearly see a statue over there.

This is a statue that seems to be a warrior with a sword.

The whole statue looks lifelike.

“The statue of Sage warrior!”

As the crowd approached, Hu Ling couldn’t help showing surprise in his eyes.

“Is this a sword made from the Divine Black Rock?”

The knife held by this status was a real sword, not a sculpture!

When some warriors saw this scene, their eyes showed greed.

The Divine Black Rock is a really precious material.

The sharpness of a sword made of this material is beyond imagination.

Even the Sage warrior was using this kind of weapon.

And at this time, there are a large number of things like fire element stars around.

It is these things that make this place look so bright.

“In the secret realm, all the items obtained belongs to the Divine Domain.”

Hu Ling looked at the surrounding warriors, then said lightly.

When the greedy warriors heard Hu Ling’s words, they suddenly felt like a basin of cold water was poured over them.

Making these excited warriors calm down instantly.

But there were still some warriors who could not stop their greed.

“This sword is mine!”

One of the warriors roared and rushed over.

As long as he has this sword, his combat power can be improved even more!

At that time, he would not be afraid of Hu Ling, the leader of this team.

“this is mine!”

Some warriors who restrained themselves rushed over at the same time.

They wanted to get this weapon.

Whoosh whoosh—

But just as they rushed over, bursts of dazzling light suddenly erupted from the surrounding area!

One after another terrifying laser rays were ejected from the ground!

Those warriors who rushed over wanted to snatch the weapon were completely unprepared.

In the next moment, all those laser rays penetrated the body.

One after another, fresh blood sputtered out continuously.

In a short moment, these few warriors all died.

“This is the consequence of your greed.”

Hu Ling looked at this scene without the slightest hint of pity in her eyes.

She glanced at the other warriors and said coldly.

The surrounding warriors were all terrified at this time and secretly glad that they were not impulsive just now.

“Then, do we still need to take this weapon…”

A warrior looked at Hu Ling and said.

The ground is back to normal again and they had no idea how those laser rays shot out just now!