Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 922: Stepping on the Eighth Step

“‘Sphere’”

When Feng Zheng saw this scene, he immediately roared.

At this moment, a white light flashed from his body.

A ‘Sphere’ emitting white light directly protected his body.

crackling-

Those terrifying currents were all blocked by the ‘Sphere’.

Just when Feng Zheng thought his ‘Sphere’ was there and those currents had no effect on him at all.

He found that the electric currents could break through the ‘Sphere’ and directly impact his body!

how can that be!

He roared inwardly and in the next moment, those terrifying electric currents hit his body.

He fell directly to the ground and kept roaring.

Although he resisted most of the electricity, there was still a small part and the electricity made his body curl up like a boiled shrimp.

This electric current was really terrifying, even if he was a warrior at the level of Respected warrior, he feels so much pain.

......

The surrounding warriors all opened their eyes wide, watching this scene in disbelief.

Although Hu Ling knew about Lin Xiu’s strength, he did not expect that Lin Xiu’s strength was so powerful!

“kill him…”

While enduring the pain caused by these terrifying electric currents, Feng Zheng roared with difficulty.

Hearing his words, the surrounding black-clothed warriors also reacted and used some long-range skills to attack Lin Xiu.

boom boom boom —

With the use of their skills, a huge sound erupted in the entire space.

But those skill powers were all blocked by Lin Xiu’s “Sphere” just as they were about to hit Lin Xiu.

For Lin Xiu, they didn’t affect him at all.

At this time, Lin Xiu focused his attention on the stairs.

From the first step to the second step, the power bursting out of this ladder is even more powerful.

If he guessed correctly, every time he took a step, the power that emerges from this ladder will increase exponentially.

For ordinary warriors, this was simply impossible to bear.

However, Lin Xiu’s body was reshaped by the purple gold divine water and with the remodeling of hellfire, his physical strength was extremely powerful.

This was incomparable to ordinary warriors.

What’s more, there was the ‘Engulf’ system skill activated now.

Lin Xiu took a deep breath and continued to set foot on the third step.

Boom—

As soon as he stepped on the third step, a huge crescent-shaped light burst out directly.

It was as if Lin Xiu’s body was to be cut into two halves!

boom–

But this terrifying light, when it touched Lin Xiu, slowly disappeared at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Is he absorbing this energy!?

Hu Ling’s eyes widened when she saw this scene.

If you forcibly absorb such terrifying power, your body would probably explode!

Lin Xiu’s footsteps trembled slightly at this time.

His body was caught off guard and almost flew out.

“Humph!”

But the determination in his heart made him firmly step on the third step.

Bear the baptism of these energies.

The ‘Engulf’ skill of the system is constantly being used.

Now, the ‘Engulf’ skill has been upgraded to LV.8, which can swallow 8% of the energy that causes damage to oneself!

In addition, Lin Xiu used ‘Cultivation Technique’ and ‘Bodybuilding Technique’ to forcibly absorb these energies.

The terrifying energy from the impact just now was slowly absorbed by Lin Xiu at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Phew—

After a while, Lin Xiu took a deep breath and looked at the stairs above, with an extremely determined look on his face.

This stairs, although every step on it, you will suffer a huge energy shock.

But in the same way, as long as you endure the impact of the energy, your body will become stronger and stronger as if it had been tempered.

This stairs was not only a test of a person’s tolerance, but also has the function of tempering a person’s physical strength.

Go up, he must go up completely.

Above, in that ray of light, there must be something.

Thinking of this, Lin Xiu took a deep breath and continued walking up the stairs!

Fourth step, fifth step…

Under the shocked eyes of the warriors below, Lin Xiu walked up step by step.

Every time he walked, Lin Xiu had to endure a very terrifying energy washing over him.

But in the same way, after experiencing the baptism of those energies, Lin Xiu’s strength is also constantly improving.

“This guy…”

Feng Zheng also got up from the ground now and looked up at the stairs.

He saw Lin Xiu clearly, he was already standing on the eighth step!

Looking at this scene, his eyes were full of shock and disbelief.

Even he didn’t dare to set foot on the stairs easily, so he forced those warriors to walk up the stairs first.

However, after making so many warriors walk up, they could only reach the second step at most while Lin Xiu had already reached the eighth step!

“Go to hell!!!”

When Feng Zheng saw this scene, he was a little furious.

With a roar, he waved his hands.

A terrifying flame was released directly and charged towards Lin Xiu!

Boom—

But it was easily resisted by the ‘Sphere’ that Lin Xiu unfolded.

“Damn it!!!”

Feng Zheng was extremely angry. At this time, not only did he use various skills, he continued to attack Lin Xiu. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

But no matter how he attacked, Lin Xiu’s “Sphere” could completely resist his skill power.

He looked at the stairs and wanted to rush up to kill Lin Xiu, but when he thought of the terrifying power of the stairs, he didn’t dare to make any move.

“I dare you to come down.”

Feng Zheng roared with a grim expression.

The surrounding warriors in the Black troop all looked at Lin Xiu who was standing on the upper steps.

Once Lin Xiu comes down, they will attack Lin Xiu.

“Phew…”

Lin Xiu was now unfolding the ‘Sphere’, ignoring the people below at all.

.

Walking up to the eighth step in a row, he felt that it was a bit hard to bear already.

Blood also slowly flowed out from Lin Xiu’s lips.

There are some cracks on the skin of the body.

It’s really too terrifying.

He didn’t know who built this flight of stairs, but it has such terrifying power.

But fortunately, as long as he didn’t continue to move up, he won’t continue to bear these terrifying forces.

Without any hesitation, Lin Xiu closed his eyes and ran the “Cultivation Technique”, while continuing to absorb the surrounding energy, he repaired the wound on his body.

About half an hour has passed and as Lin Xiu opened his eyes again, those injuries on his body have been completely repaired!

The eighth step, the power that should be endured, should be more terrifying.

This time, Lin Xiu used the system skill!