Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 924: Flashing Soul

“You want to seize my body?”

Lin Xiu asked from deep inside.

He had already understood what an inheritance meant.

Plus, he really didn’t care about the sage warrior’s inheritance.

This was because with the system that he had, he would be able to achieve the rank of a sage warrior and even a warrior god on his own.

It was only a matter of time.

“Who are you?!”

The Balck Demon Sage Warrior screamed.

The energy that he had left behind was all being absorbed by this man’s body.

“No!!!!”

“I’ve made a mistake! I will just pass on all of my warrior skills to you...”

The Black Demon Sage Warrior screamed.

Lin Xiu had activated ‘Engulf’ which was why he could directly absorb the energy from the spirit.

“Goodbye.”

Soon, the energy from the soul of the Black Demon Sage Warrior has been completely absorbed by Lin Xiu.

PLease reading on Myb oxn o ve l. com

“Ding!”

“Congratulations Master!”

“You are not at level 62 and you’ve gained another chance at the lucky draw!”

Level up?!

When Lin Xiu heard the notification, he was a little surprised. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

At the same time, he was also delighted.

While he was walking up the stairs, he had absorbed an incredible amount of energy.

Other than that energy, he even absorbed the soul energy from the Black Demon Sage Warrior.

This was why he could directly jump to another level.

Level:62

EXP:0/4000000000

Strength:6500

Physique:480

Speed:2200

Skills:[Analytic Eyes][Rage][Disguise][Engulf][Mirror Image][Heavenly Array][Reset][Power of the Stars][Golden Body Immortality][Exotic Summoned][Sacrifice][Skill Enhancement]

Title: Respected Warrior ( unused title: Rank one warrior, Rank Two warrior, Rank three warrior, Rank four warrior, Rank five warrior, Rank six warrior, Rank seven warrior, Rank eight warrior, Rank nine warrior, Warrior Master, Respected warrior.)

Rage Build-up:0/100

Lin Xiu couldn’t help but laughed when he saw his newest statistics.

He initially thought that with his current state, it would be extremely difficult for him to level up.

But he didn’t think that within one day, he was able to get onto another level.

Level 62!

He was only 3 levels away from being a sage warrior!

Lin Xiu took a deep breath and tried to calm himself before returning to reality.

The bright light that was in front of him previously has already disappeared.

However, there was still something left behind the bright light.

“I knew it! It wouldn’t be that easy.”

Lin Xiu narrowed his eyes in suspicion.

It has been a tough journey trying to get up here and all of it wouldn’t only be for the inheritance.

Plus, the Black Demon Sage Warrior didn’t look like he was waiting for someone. It looked more like he was trapped.

That’s right!

When Lin Xiu could finally see what was ahead of him, his eyes lit up brightly.

As the bright light disappeared, there was another platform behind it and there was a warriors skills card on the platform!

The warrior skills card was floating in the air, shining so brightly that it could blind them.

Lin Xiu held his breath when he realised what it might be.

A warrior skills card! A sage rank warrior skills card!

He slowly walked towards the platform. Lin Xiu stood in front of the card and reached toward it.

Boom – –

However, when he was about to get close to it, there was a wall made of horrifying currents that suddenly appeared!

Lin Xiu could feel a sharp pain when he touched the current.

He quickly pulled his hand back.

“Current?”

Lin Xiu raised his eyebrows.

This must have been here to prevent the others from getting this warrior skills card.

“It’s a shame that the thing protecting this is current.”

Lin Xiu mumbled to himself.

His body was made to be resistant against current.

He took a deep breath before stretching out his arm once again to get the warrior skills card!

Crackling – –

The terrifying wall appeared once again!

The currents looked small and thin but the energy from it must be indefinitely painful.

Soon, Lin Xiu’s skin was already turning black.

If it were normal warriors like Feng Zheng, his body would have been burnt to crisp!

“Get out here!”

Lin Xiu gathered his strength, grabbed onto the warrior skills card and took it out!

He took a closer look and this sage rank warrior skills card seemed to be a little different from the ones that he had gotten previously.

” ‘Flashing Souls’?”

This warrior skills card was known as ‘Flashing Souls”.

“Motion-type warrior skills card!”

Lin Xiu widened his eyes in shock.

It was extremely rare to get a motion-type warrior skills card. He didn’t think that he could find one that was of sage rank!

Lin Xiu was excited.

He wasn’t even as happy when he got to a new level.

“Might as well cultivate it here.”

The entire place was covered with very strong energy and he has no idea who was the one who designed and built this place.

However, Lin Xiu did not care about it anymore. He sat on the ground with his leg crossed and placed the new warrior skills card over his forehead.

That’s when a large amount of information and energy entered into Lin Xiu’s mind.

At the same time, back on earth.

“I can treat your condition.”

Inside the Luo Mansion, there was a young woman, who was dressed in peculiar clothes, standing in front of Luo Yue.

“Are you telling the truth?!”

Luo Zhen stared at the woman and asked.

This woman called herself Nalan Ruo. She had suddenly ran into the Luoo household when she saw Luo Yue training with her sword.

Luo Yan stood next to Luo Yue and stared at her suspiciously.

“Of course.”

Nalan Ruo answered confidently and her voice was filled with pride.

“I am Nalan Ruo, a sage warrior from the Blue Fantasy World. I will tell you nothing but the truth.”

Her eyes were fixed on Luo Yue when she answered.

She was traveling through different planets, looking for source energy.

She didn’t think that she would be able to meet someone like Luo Yue on earth!

With just one look, she knew that Luo Yue has the physique of a warrior god.

This meant that warriors like these would have the highest chances of becoming a warrior god!

She immediately thought of taking her in as a disciple.

Sage warrior?!

Luo Zhen and Luo Yan were shocked when they heard her introduction.

But, they were still suspicious.

“Let me show you what I can do.”

Nalan Ruo was aware of the look in both Luo Zhen and Luo Yan. She waved her hand in the air and suddenly there was a hole in the sky.

When they saw what had happened, all of them were stunned.

She could break the space with her bare hands!

How did this woman become so powerful?!

“You....you can save my daughter?”

Luo Zhen asked with his voice shaking.