Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 929  Treasure Hunting Competition

"I see that the warriors of our respective forces have come in now. How about we hold a competition, huh."

At this moment, Zhao Ran, the Sage warrior of the Zhao family, glanced at the three warriors, who were also suspended in the air.

"What kind of competition."

Huang Fulin of Divine Domain spoke at this time.

"The four of us will send our own forces and the winner will obtain the treasure below."

"What do you think?"

"Interesting, I agree!"

Heilong laughed out loud when he heard Zhao Ran's words.

"I agree."

Bai Long snorted coldly.

The words between them were loud and those below were surprised.

Originally, they thought that they were not qualified to obtain the treasures around here, but now it seems that there is indeed a chance.

At this time, the four Sage warriors were already located in the four corners of the open space in front of them.

"I believe you have heard our conversation just now. That's right, we're going to leave the treasure to the younger generation. It's up to you whether you can get it or not."

Zhao Ran spoke at this time.

"Disciple of the Zhao family, come over here!"

As Zhao Ran's words just fell, a large number of warriors gathered there.

This Zhao family was not the Zhao family of Aoxue City, but the Zhao family of Wildfire City.

In Wildfire City, they were also an important existence.

"The people of Divine Domain come here!"

"The people from the white troop over here!"

"The people from the black troop here! "

As the four warriors shouted loudly, the surrounding warriors began to stand up quickly.

"Lin Xiu!"

Hu Ling and others also came here and when they saw Lin Xiu's figure, they seemed a little excited.

"You guys are here too?"

Lin Xiu looked at Hu Ling coming and said with a smile.

"En, let's go over there quickly."

Hu Ling nodded and said in a low voice.

The real purpose of this competition was that the four Sage warriors wanted to prove their power.

After all, the strength of these four Sage warriors was quite equal. If they really fight, it was hard to say what the result will be.

Moreover, the Odd Crystal of the Flooded Fire Dragon is the highlight.

The treasures around here are nothing to them.

As the warriors from all sides gathered around their leader, the competition began.

"Those to participate in this competition, we will not guarantee your life or death."

At this time, Heilong glanced at the surrounding warriors, then said sullenly.

Hearing his laughter, the surrounding warriors felt their bodies go cold.

The initial enthusiasm they had when they thought they could obtain treasures was like being poured over with cold water in an instant.

Cold from head to toe.

They want to obtain the treasure, but they didn't want to die!

"The first treasure, the sword of Aries Sage warrior."

Zhao Ran pointed to the statue in the front row over there and said lightly.

"If you want this, come to the middle."

Hearing Zhao Ran's words at this time, the surrounding warriors held their breaths.

"I'll come!"

A warrior from the Zhao family stood up straight at this time.

"I'm coming too!"

With that warrior standing in the middle, the warriors of the rest of the forces all stood on the field.

"The treasure belongs to whoever remains standing at the end. Of course, if someone is afraid and forfeits, hehe…"

At this time, Heilong smiled savagely, looking very strange.

Soon, the four warriors were fighting each other.

A large number of skills were continuously released and the whole scene seemed to be extremely chaotic.

"Hahaha, I won!"

In the end, the warrior from the Zhao family lasted till the end.

However, his body was covered in blood.

"Humph!"

Huang Fulin looked at the death of the warriors in the Divine Domain and the expression on his face was not pleasant at this time.

At this moment, he waved his hand and a flame burst out, directly burning all the corpses on the ground.

"Next up, the starry sky sword of the Hei Liang warrior..."

At this time, as Zhao Ran's words just fell, a new round of battle began.

The battle was very cruel, there was only one of the four could live.

But even so, there are still a large number of warriors on the stage.

After all, the weapons of these warriors were really attractive to them.

Lin Xiu stood there, looking at the scenes with a cold gaze.

He didn't need any of these weapons.

The Dark Edge spear he owns has surpassed all the weapons here.

"Holy level skill card, anyone wants?"

Zhao Ran continued to speak at this time.

As soon as his words fell, the warriors of the Zhao family, the warriors of the black troop and the white troop all stood in the middle of the field at the same time.

On the other hand, the warriors on the Divine Domain side were all bowing their heads and they didn't seem to dare to go up.

In the battle just now, too many people have died from the Divine Domain.

"Divine Domain, no one dares to go up?"

Hei Long of the black troop burst into laughter at this time.

Hearing his words, Huang Fulin's face became extremely ugly.

Although the power of Divine Domain can be said to be the greatest.

But because there are too many warriors, they are too scattered.

The more powerful warriors who came this time were really nothing.

"You guys, is anyone coming up?"

Huang Fulin looked behind him and said coldly.

"Domain master, we recommend Lin Xiu to play."

At this time, Zhang Jin and the warrior who took the place of An Nengxing spoke at the same time.

"Who is Lin Xiu?"

When Huang Fulin heard their words, he glanced at the people in the Divine Domain and asked.

As soon as Huang Fulin spoke, many warriors looked at Lin Xiu.

"You, go up."

Huang Fulin looked at Lin Xiu and immediately spoke in a stern tone.

Lin Xiu raised his brows, then nodded and walked straight up.

Zhang Jin and the man had a sinister look on their faces.

The forces of the warriors of the three opposing forces are all at the level of Respected warrior.

And they were also quite well known.

After all, it is a holy-level skill card, which is attractive to many people.

However, the Respected warrior-level warriors in Divine Domain felt that they were no match for them, so they did not play.

"This kid is dead meat."

At this time, Zhang Jin muttered to himself in a sullen voice.

And Hu Ling looked at Zhang Jin and snorted coldly.

Watching Lin Xiu stand on the field, she didn't think that Lin Xiu would be killed.

Instead, she felt unlucky for the other three Respected warriors.

When Lin Xiu comes on stage, he will definitely win!

"Tsk tsk, this is not a beauty contest, why did they pick such a warrior."

Heilong sneered when he saw Lin Xiu on stage.

His eyes were full of ridicule.

After all, Lin Xiu looked very handsome, with red lips and white teeth. He didn't look like a very powerful warrior.

"Stop talking nonsense, let's get started."

Huang Fulin said with a gloomy expression. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

"Start!"

Zhao Ran also said loudly.

As his words just fell, these warriors have already found their own targets and attacked!

"They all attacked Lin Xiu!?"

Hu Ling looked at the scene on the field at this time and suddenly exclaimed.