Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 931 Space Teleportation Ring

Not good!

The warrior was still resisting the flaming birds released by Lin Xiu.

At this time, seeing Lin Xiu rushing over with a Dark Edge spear, his eyes were full of fear.

But now in this situation, he can't dodge anymore!

'Torrential storm of rose flowers'!

Lin Xiu rushed over and used his skill directly.

Whoosh whoosh—

With the use of skill, thousands of spear shadows suddenly appeared.

One after another terrifying force struck.

The warrior's Sphere, which had been rammed by the flaming birds, was attacked by Lin Xiu's Dark Edge spear again.

bang bang bang-

With a loud noise, his 'Sphere' was directly pierced by Lin Xiu's Dark Edge spear!

Boom—

In the next moment, the entire 'Sphere' exploded directly.

pfft—

A mouthful of blood spat out directly from his mouth.

Roar--

But it wasn't over yet. Lin Xiu's Dark Edge spear in his hand, like a black dragon, rushed out.

Instantly bit his body.

"what!!!"

In the midst of his screams and screams, his body was directly bitten in half by the black giant!

Another warrior who was still struggling to resist the flaming birds, looking at the situation over there, the expression in his eyes couldn't help changing greatly.

Two consecutive Respected warriors died in Lin Xiu's hands, which had a great impact on him.

At this moment, he no longer wanted to fight against Lin Xiu.

Fear occupied his heart.

"Damn!"

Zhao Ran looked at the look of this Zhao family warrior and knew that they had already lost this match.

Sure enough, in the next moment, Lin Xiu pierced the warrior's head with one shot.

"Holy-level skill card."

Zhao Ran said with a nasty expression on his face.

Looking at the holy-level skill card over there, Lin Xiu walked over with his Dark Edge spear and directly accepted the holy-level skill card.

This is a double sword holy-level skill card, no wonder these four Sage warriors didn't want it.

Because there were almost no warriors with double swords.

Lin Xiu shook his head. Although it was a pity that it was not suitable for his own use, he still put it away at this time.

After all, it is a holy-level skill card. If you put it up for auction, you should still be able to auction it off for a good price.

Next, this so-called game continues.

The surrounding weapons and treasures continue to be divided up.

"This last item is the space teleportation ring."

At this moment, Zhao Ran pointed to a simple ring placed on a table over there and said lightly.

Space teleportation ring?

Hearing his words, everyone couldn't help exclaiming.

Generally, things that are linked to space are very precious.

"The space array is inscribed on it. It seems that it can be used three times and it will randomly teleport people to a location within a thousand kilometers."

Zhao Ran said lightly.

"Because it is the last treasure, all those who want it please come up. Whoever lives to the end can get it."

As Zhao Ran's words just fell, the surrounding warriors looked uncertain.

But without exception, they all want this space teleportation ring.

Because this space teleportation ring is a life-saving weapon!

Lin Xiu looked at the space teleportation ring, his eyes narrowed slightly.

The look in his eyes changed.

For him, this space teleportation ring seems to have some kind of use.

A bold idea occurred in Lin Xiu's heart.

At this time, Lin Xiu came out and stood in the field.

"Lin Xiu?"

Hu Ling watched Lin Xiu walk onto the court and couldn't help but be stunned.

It seemed that she was a little puzzled why Lin Xiu wanted this.

When the others saw this scene, their expressions changed slightly.

Lin Xiu wanted to fight for this thing, so many warriors were afraid to go up.

Because the strength that Lin Xiu showed just now is really terrifying.

To be honest, they didn't have much courage to fight against Lin Xiu.

"Why, no one dares to go up?"

Zhao Ran glanced at everyone and said lightly.

"I've said that as many people can enter, as long as the last person survives, he can get this treasure."

Hearing his words, the eyes of the surrounding warriors lit up.

Zhao Ran's words were obvious. This time, it was a multi-person match.

You can unite with other warriors first and kill the stronger warriors!

"Let's go!"

And at this moment, some warriors from the Zhao family have already entered the stage!

"We're going too!"

Soon, the Zhao family, the warriors from the black troop and the At this time, Lin Xiu came out and stood in the field.

white troop all stepped onto the field.

Their eyes all turned to Lin Xiu.

It seems that they wanted to deal with Lin Xiu first.

"Do you need someone from our Divine Domain to play?"

Huang Fulin looked at Lin Xiu and said lightly.

"No, I can deal with them."

Lin Xiu shook his head and said.

"good!"

Hearing Lin Xiu's words, Huang Fulin burst out laughing.

The stronger a person in the Divine Domain is, the more face is given to him.

"Extremely arrogant, kill him!"

Zhao Ran sneered at this time, then said loudly.

As soon as he finished speaking, in the next moment, all the surrounding warriors attacked Lin Xiu!

The Zhao family, as well as the black troop and the white troop, sent a total of fifty or sixty warriors from the three families, all of them attacked Lin Xiu!

A large amount of skill power was released, as bright as fireworks.

The pupils in Lin Xiu's eyes shrank slightly. At this moment, he directly used 'Heavenly Array', then used 'Fury'!

With the simultaneous use of the two system skills, Lin Xiu's power reached its highest point.

And at this time, with the triggerign of Lin Xiu's thoughts, the 'Sphere' unfolded directly.

Because of the increase in the strength in the body, the 'Sphere' that Lin Xiu has unfolded has become extremely powerful.

All the skills released in all directions were blocked by Lin Xiu's 'Sphere'.

The Dark Edge spear in his hand shook slightly.

Looking at those warriors, Lin Xiu wanted to use 'Heaven Breaking Strike' to kill them all.

But at this time, Lin Xiu restrained himself.

After all, that skill belonged to the Ye family, so it was too special.

If it is seen, his situation would probably be very dangerous.

[Thousand Thunder]!

Lin Xiu raised the Dark Edge spear in his hand and a large amount of lightning burst out from the Dark Edge spear as the center.

"what!!!"

Some weaker warriors could not resist the power of lightning at all and they all let out a wail. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Lin Xiu continued to wave the long spear in his hand and flaming birds released one after another.

These flaming birds did not directly charge toward them, but all converged.

Combined into a huge flaming phoenix!

This flaming phoenix has a huge body like it covered the entire space!

"This kid..."

When the four Sage warriors saw this scene, their expressions changed.