Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

932  Fighting for the Beast Saint Odd Crystal

The power that Lin Xiu unleashed at this time was really terrifying.

It was so terrifying that the expressions of the four Sage warriors changed drastically.

With the appearance of the flaming phoenix, the surrounding air became distorted.

"What kind of skill is this?"

Heilong frowned and said aloud.

He has lived for so long and he has never seen any skill. This is the first time he has seen such a huge and terrifying skill.

"Who the hell is this kid?"

Zhao Ran looked at Lin Xiu with murderous intent in both eyes.

Is there such a powerful existence in the warriors of Divine Domain?

boom boom boom --

This terrifying flaming phoenix, vibrating its wings at this time, charged directly towards the warriors in front of it!

"Quickly expand the 'Sphere'!"

Those warriors are not fools. At this moment, these warriors all shouted loudly.

Then they unfolded their 'Sphere' directly!

Every warrior around can clearly feel the horror of the flaming phoenix and all want to use the 'Sphere' to resist this terrifying flaming phoenix.

"go!"

As Lin Xiu violently waved the spear in his hand, the flaming phoenix charged down at an even more terrifying speed!

Boom—

As the flaming phoenix hit the ground below, the entire ground immediately shook.

Although those warriors spread the "Sphere", under the impact of the terrifying power of the flaming phoenix, their "Sphere" quickly melted at a speed visible to the naked eye!

As the 'Sphere' was melted away by the terrifying flaming phoenix, the bodies of those warriors were also directly melted into bones, then the bones were annihilated by the flames.

After a while, the flames of this terrifying flaming phoenix slowly dissipated.

The entire surrounding area was burned into a huge pit by the flames.

There was still a burning smell on the ground.

"All dead... dead!?"

When the surrounding warriors saw this scene, their eyes widened.

This skill is so terrifying, so terrifying that the bodies of those who did not participate in the match trembled slightly.

"very good!"

Huang Fulin laughed loudly at this time.

"It seems that in this last round, our Divine Domain won."

Because in the previous competition, very few people on the Divine Domain side were able to win the treasures. Lin Xiu's appearance can be said to be a relief.

Meanwhile, the expressions of the other three Sage warriors were a little ugly.

There were many warriors sent out by their forces.

But what they didn't expect at all was that all of them were killed by Lin Xiu's one skill.

"Give."

Zhao Ran's face was gloomy, but she still waved her right hand.

The quaint ring over there flew straight up.

It flew towards Lin Xiu.

boom--

Lin Xiu moved his right hand and directly caught the space teleportation ring.

"Okay, this game is over, next, it's our turn."

Zhao Ran stood up at this moment, glanced at the other three Sage warriors and said lightly.

When the three Sage warriors heard Zhao Ran's words, their eyes changed slightly and they stood up at the same time.

The rest of the warriors also seemed to understand what they wanted to do and at the same time looked in the distance.

Flooded Fire Dragon!

The corpse of the Flooded Fire Dragon was still lying there.

Moreover, the flooded fire dragon was not an ordinary thing.

Even Sage warrior-level warriors wanted it.

"How about each of us get a quarter of the corpse of this maddened flood dragon?"

Zhao Ran looked at Huang Fulin, Hei Long and Bai Long and said lightly.

"no problem."

"These are all small things, it's just that odd crystal…"

At this time, the corners of Heilong's mouth were raised, revealing a sinister smile.

"That odd crystal, I want it."

"What a joke, it's given to you just because you want it? That's a Saint-level odd crystal!"

When Bai Long heard Hei Long's words, he immediately laughed.

"Old guy, want to fight?"

Hei Long's eyes were full of killing intent, he looked at Bai Long and said.

These two people, because of their hatred from a long time ago, are at odds even now.

"My Divine Domain also needs this crystal."

Huang Fulin said lightly at this time.

"It seems that everyone wants this odd crystal."

Zhao Ran said lightly at this time.

"But I want it too."

"Otherwise, how about you guys make an offer and Zhao Ran just treat it as a purchase?"

"Zhao Ran, are you kidding me? Do you think that only your Zhao family is rich?"

Huang Fulin burst out laughing at this time.

"I think we shouldn't be fooling around, whoever grabs it first... it's whoever gets it!"

"I want to see, who can snatch it from me!" Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

21:16

While fighting with them, Hei Long let out a huge roar.

This odd crystal was very tempting to the Sage warriors. At this time, Hei Long showed a wicked smile.

In the next moment, his figure seemed to have turned into a black mist and he flew directly towards the flooded fire dragon!

"Heilong, do you think you can grab it!"

At this time, Bai Long also moved and charged directly over there.

Zhao Ran and Huang Fulin were not far behind.

These four Sage warriors had used up a lot of power after fighting all day and night.

The match just held was actually just a 'game' they did to regain their strength.

For the many warriors present, they were just pawns in the game.

At this time, Lin Xiu looked into the distance, his eyes narrowed slightly.

Now the time was almost up for 'Fury'.

Without any hesitation, Lin Xiu directly used the 'Reset' skill, then used the 'Fury' again!

Because in the next few minutes, it will be very critical.

At this moment, Hu Ling looked at Lin Xiu who was standing over there. For some reason, she felt that Lin Xiu was a little weird now.

Lin Xiu had always been in a restrained state before and his whole person looked very dull.

It was impossible to see that he possessed such a powerful strength.

But the current Lin Xiu, the power of his whole person seems to be bursting out without any concealment.

Just looking at his back from such a distance makes one shiver.

These four Sage warriors were already fighting frantically in front of the corpse of the flooded fire dragon.

They didn't use exaggerated skills, but with such simple skills, loud noises could already be heard.

It was as if the space had to be punched out of a hole.

"I want to see, who can snatch it from me!"

While fighting with them, Hei Long let out a huge roar.

A large amount of black mist was released from his body.

At the next moment, that cloud of black mist appeared over the head of the flooded fire dragon, then slowly gathered together to form the body of Hei Long.

swoosh—

Hei Long swung his sword in the air and with a flash of cold light, the head of the flooded fire dragon was slashed away!

A bright red light burst forth directly!