Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 937: The huge ‘Sphere’

Wu Jie suddenly said loudly.

There was also a sense of powerlessness in his heart.

If ‘Sphere’ works, he doesn’t have to be afraid at all.

He could just unfold the ‘Sphere’.

But the most terrifying thing about this devouring rat is that it can devour all the ‘Spheres’.

And now that he used his skills to attack, he could only kill a few devouring rats at most.

But there were simply too many devouring rats.

It’s impossible to kill them all!

“I’ll just have to expand the ‘Sphere’ and we’ll be fine.”

Seeing that those devouring rats were about to rush over, Lin Xiu said lightly.

Wu Jie was stunned. Just when he was at a loss, Lin Xiu’s body suddenly burst into a dark blue light.

The light pierced Wu Jie’s eyes, making his eyes squint.

Just when those devouring rats were about to rush in front of Wu Jie and the others, Lin Xiu’s “Sphere” had already fully unfolded!

Moreover, the unfolded ‘Sphere’ was so huge that it directly enveloped Wu Jie and the others!

bang bang bang-

Those devouring rats that rushed over immediately turned into a ball of fire as soon as they touched the ‘Sphere’ and disappeared.

“This… how is this possible!”

Wu Jie’s eyes widened and his eyes were full of disbelief.

‘Sphere’, Lin Xiu unfolded ‘Sphere’!

This ‘Sphere’ was incomparably huge, not only covering Lin Xiu, but also covering them all!

And what’s even more shocking is that Lin Xiu’s “Sphere” is different from the ordinary “Sphere”.

On the surface of the ‘Sphere’, there is a strange dark blue flame that is constantly burning.

There are also some lightning bolts!

This ‘Sphere’ was originally a defensive skill, but now Lin Xiu’s ‘Sphere’ is like an attacking skill!

The thousands of devouring rats were still charging towards Lin Xiu’s ‘Sphere’.

But there is absolutely no way to break through the ‘Sphere’.

As soon as their bodies touched the ‘Sphere’, they immediately vanished into ashes.

“Brother Lin, you…”

When the other warriors saw this scene, their eyes widened.

There was only shock in their hearts.

They always thought that Lin Xiu was ordinary and didn’t expect that he was so powerful!

“move!”

Lin Xiu directly interrupted their words at this time, then said directly.

“Come on!”

Wu Jie reacted at this time and shouted loudly.

The surrounding warriors also quickly came to their senses at this time.

They thought they would die just now, but now, they have a feeling of crawling back from hell.

They stood up and followed Lin Xiu to the front.

Looking around now, all of them are a large number of devouring rats.

In all directions, all of them!

These devouring rats obviously wanted to break through Lin Xiu’s ‘Sphere’ and bite them.

However, as soon as their bodies touched the ‘Sphere’, before they had time to open their mouths and bite down, they were directly burned into slag by the flames of hell.

After they continued to walk forward for some time, the number of devouring rats began to gradually decrease.

In Lin Xiu’s head, the prompts of gaining experience decreased as well.

“Finally…Finally they’re gone.”

Walking to the front, after the last devouring rats were directly annihilated by Lin Xiu’s ‘Sphere’, Wu Jie and the others sat on the ground with a sigh of relief.

At this moment, their faces turned pale.

The scene just now was too terrifying for them.

The feeling of facing death is really uncomfortable.

“Brother Lin, thank you very much.”

After Wu Jie heaved a sigh of relief, he looked at Lin Xiu and said respectfully.

“thanks.”

When the other warriors heard Wu Jie’s words, they also looked at Lin Xiu with gratitude.

After all, if it wasn’t for Lin Xiu just now, they would be dead!

“By the way, Brother Lin, which sect are you from…”

A warrior said curiously.

After all, the power that Lin Xiu showed just now is too powerful and amazing.

Especially this ‘Sphere’, they have never seen one that can expand to such an extent.

This can only be done with such terrifying and strong source strength!

“shut up.”

Wu Jie glared at them at this time.

These warriors only reacted at this time.

Lin Xiu didn’t show great strength before. Obviously, he didn’t want his strength to be exposed.

This was his privacy and they really should not probe.

And Lin Xiu shouldn’t have any ill intention towards them, otherwise they would have died a long time ago.

“You guys also saved me, don’t have to thank me.”

Lin Xiu looked at them and said with a smile.

Wu Jie also smiled, then said with a bit of emotion, “I didn’t expect that we would encounter both the most terrifying Akash Sandworms and Devouring Rats in the Black Wind Desert.”

“It’s really unfortunate.”

Uncle Fu also said with emotion.

He nearly died there.

“We’re reaching Sand Sea City soon, Brother Lin, why don’t you follow me back to my clan first, we will be a good host to you and you can change your clothes.”

“The clothes made by my Wu family are top-notch in Sand Sea City.”

Wu Jie said to Lin Xiu.

“okay.”

Lin Xiu did not refuse either and followed them directly to Sand Sea City.

Not long after walking, Lin Xiu could clearly see that there was an ocean in front of him!

There is an ocean in the desert, which was unbelievable.

And in the middle of those oceans, there is a huge city suspended in it.

“Do you see it, Sand Sea City is in front.”

Wu Jie pointed to the front and said with a smile.

The seawater around Sand Sea City is very strange.

Because things on the sea won’t sink!

At this time, his feet walked on the seawater and the seawater just submerged his shoes a little.

The whole person didn’t sink at all.

Seeing this scene, Lin Xiu also had a look of surprise on his face.

Sure enough, the vast world is full of wonders.

Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Walking on the water, Lin Xiu, Wu Jie and others soon arrived at the gate of Sand Sea City.

There are no special rules for entering Sand Sea City and they entered easily.

Entering the city, Lin Xiu looked around, everything was similar to other cities.

It’s just that the surrounding environment outside the city is amazing.

“How did you get the water source here?”

Lin Xiu saw that there was no shortage of water in the Sand Sea City and suddenly said out of curiosity.

“Of course, it was transferred from other cities. You can’t drink the seawater outside.”

Uncle Fu said with a smile.

Lin Xiu nodded. With Wu Jie and others leading, he quickly saw the huge mansion in front of him.

Wu’s residence.