Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 939: Extremely Powerful

“So what if you’re a respected warrior?!”

Wu Jie screamed loudly and wanted to get up on his feet.

There was blood coming out of his mouth at the same time.

But, he was not filled with rage and did not care about the pain that he was feeling.

“Alright then. I shall annihilate the entire Wu family!”

Xu Ba had a twisted look on his face as he raised the machete that he had in his arm.

Boom – –

As he gathered the strength in his body, the entire ground beneath his feet started shaking!

With the large amount of energy transferred into the machete, the machete glowed brightly.

It was such a scary thing to watch!

Wu Jie’s parents as well as those working for the Wu family looked frightened.

They knew that with this strength, they would all be killed!

They never expected Xu Ba from the Xu family to be so powerful!

“Go to hell!”

Xu ba had a hideous smile on his face and swung the machete that was raised above his head!

Koong Loong – –

There was a huge ball of energy that was released from the machete and was heading towards Wu Jie and his family.

The strength of it was overpowering and even with their ‘sphere’ released, they still felt threatened.

“Leave.”

That’s when a familiar voice suddenly appeared.

That scary ball of energy suddenly disappeared!

What happened?!

Xu Ba, who was crazily laughing, was prepared to see Wu Jie and his family getting destroyed by his skills when he suddenly paused, looking confused.

He wasn’t the only one as Wu Ji and the rest were stunned as well.

All of them quickly turned towards the direction from where Lin Xiu was at.

Lin Siu was standing amongst the crowd, looking at Xu Ba.

“Brother Lin...”

Wu Jie called out subconsciously.

“I’ll settle this for you.”

Lin Xiu said casually.

“Brat! Who do you think you are?!”

Xu Ba laughed instead when he heard what Lin Xiu said.

“Kill him!”

Soon, with his command, all of the warriors standing behind him rushed toward Lin Xiu!

Xiu xiu xiu – –

They were running quickly and used the strongest warrior skills that they had to attack Lin Xiu.

“Be careful!”

When Wu Jie saw what was happening, he quickly warned Lin Xiu.

That’s when Lin Xiu gave a sarcastic smile in return.

He swung his left hand and the long spear instantly appeared in his hand.

The skills that were coming at him were blocked by the long spear that Lin Xiu had. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

‘Torrential Storm of Rose Flowers’!

Lin Xiu did one small sweep with his long spear and within a blink of an eye there were countless bloody holes that appeared on those men.

Seckill!

It only took seconds and dozens of the warrior kings got killed!

Wu Jie’s parents stared at Lin Xiu in shock.

Although Wu Jie had already told them about how Lin Xiu was the one who saved them and that he was extremely powerful....

They didn’t feel shocked or surprised

However, what they had just experienced was truly shocking.

“You...”

Xu Ba’s body trembled as he saw how his men were now lying dead on the ground. His eyes were staring at them with disbelief!

Although he could also kill the warrior kings, it would be impossible for him to do it so quickly.

Lin Xiu had killed all of them within seconds!

“How dare you offend the Xu family?! Aren’t you afraid of death?!”

Xu Ba screamed in rage.

“Goodbye.”

Lin Xiu ignored him and swung his long spear into the air!

A huge, bright arc appeared in the air before being struck out!

Boom – –

The entire roof was destroyed and a deep, bottomless gutter was formed on the ground.

As for Xu Ba’s body, it was instantly torn into two!

‘Heaven Breaking Strike’!

All of them were utterly shocked!

At that moment, it looked like all of them were frozen.

Xu Ba, who was a respected warrior, was now dead?

“I’m so sorry that I destroyed the ground.”

Lin Xiu apologised to Wu Jie.

“No, it’s fine.”

Wu Jie finally came back to his senses after hearing Lin Xiu’s apology.

Seeing how there was a deep, long gutter before them, Wu Jie was stunned.

What on earth was that?! That skill was terrifying!

It only took him one skill to kill Xu ba.

“Let’s go!”

Lin Xiu held onto his long spear before saying it to Wu Jie.

“Where are we going?”

Wu Jie had no idea what Lin Xiu was saying.

“Your fiance? Are you going to just leave her?”

Lin Xiu asked.

“Oh! Right!”

Wu Jie was still in shock because of what had happened and only managed to remember what was important after being pointed out by Lin Xiu.

In the Su House.

“Please tell Master Xu that my daughter is already engaged to Wu Jie, from the Wu family and she won’t be able to enter the Xu family.”

The head of the Su family shook his head when he noticed who it was standing before him.

“Su Jian, you ought to think about it clearly.”

The young man looked at Su Jian coldly as he warned Su Jian repeatedly.

“I’m sure.”

Su Jian replied flatly.

“Our master, Xu Ba, is now a respected warrior.”

“Wu Jie is now merely a warrior king! There is a huge gap between them!”

The young man let out a cold laugh.

“Please pass the message to Master Xu.”

Su Jian was firm with his decision.

“I will never marry Xu Ba. You don’t have to come back again.”

Xu Xue’s figure appeared from another corner.

Seeing how the men from Xu family kept coming back, she rejected hem in a cold tone.

“Are you sure?”

The young man asked once again.

“Leave now.”

Xu Xue felt uncomfortable with how the young man was staring at her and told them to leave immediately.

“You’ve had your chances. Get her!”

The young man’s face turned dull before instructing his men.

With that command, all the warriors standing behind him headed towards Su Xue!

“Don’t you dare!”

Su Jian’s pupil trembled. He quickly moved and stood in front of Su Xue.

The warriors from the Su family came forward as well.

However, it was useless as the warriors from the Xu family were much more powerful.

Soon, most of the warrios from the Su family were already lying on the ground; some injured while the others died.

“I don’t mind telling you that we already have three respected warriors in the Xu family. The Wu and Su family has come to an end.”

The young man got closer to them as he spoke.

This man was definitely a respected warrior!

“You...”

Su Jian looked at the warriors on the ground and he felt heartbroken.

Suddenly, he spat out a mouthful of blood.

“Dad...”

“Run! Quickly!”

Su Jian screamed loudly to his daughter, Su Xue.

“Where do you think you’re going?!”