Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 940: Clipping the Sword With His Fingers

Translator: Dragon Boat Translation  Editor: Dragon Boat Translation

The young man roared.

Then, he threw a firm palm towards Su Jian!

The look in Su Jian's eyes changed as he put out his palm as well.

As both the palms collided, there was a huge explosion.

This young man was a respected warrior and his strength was much stronger than Su Jian's.

Su Jian's body was like a kite that had been broken as he flew backwards and hit the tree behind him.

Pfft – –

The intense pain came from his back and it caused him to spat a mouthful of blood.

"Dad!"

Su Xue quickly ran outwards, trying to help her father stand.

"Leave! Quickly!"

Su Jian looked around with his eyes open wide. When he saw those from the Xu family that were slowly surrounding them, he quickly told his daughter to leave at once.

"Leave? Did you really think that you'll be able to go anywhere?"

The young man gave a cold laugh.

"Aren't you afraid that the City Lord Council will demand for an explanation for what you are doing now?!"

Su Xue glared at the warriors from the Xu family who were walking towards them.

There was no warrior federation on the Namir Planet. The only thing that they had was the City Lord Council

The warriors from the City Lord Council were responsible for the safety of the city.

"Hmph! The City Lord has been wanting to get rid of the Wu and Su family!"

The young man laughed out loud.

"Who's fault is it that both these families are the ones responsible for the economy of the Sand River City?!!"

After hearing what the man said, Su Xue had a bad feeling about this.

The Wu and Su family owned the largest enterprise in the entire Sand River City.

Therefore, they have been targets to the other families for a very long time.

"If I'm right, our young master, Xu Ba, would have already killed that young boy, Wu Jie."

"Perhaps I should be more accurate. The entire Wu family would be dead by now."

The young man continued laughing.

"That would be impossible!"

After hearing what the man said, Su Xue's face turned ghastly white.

"Nothing is impossible. My young master is already a respected warrior. So, just stay put and be my young master's mistress. Maybe then the Su family would be able to survive just a little longer."

The young man continued.

"Nonsense!"

Su Xue screamed in rage.

There was a bright light that appeared on her forehead and a terrifying, cold breath headed towards the young man.

"Hmph!"

The young man sneered and released his 'sphere', completely blocking the energy coming from Su Xue's sourcemark.

"You're the one asking for it when I already gave you a chance!"

He got furious as well and pulled out his sword, pointing it at Su Xue!

"Stop!"

At that crucial moment, there was a loud cry that came from outside.

"Hmm?"

The man paused when he heard the sound turned the other side and he could clearly see Wu Jie and the rest of the Wu family.

He couldn't help but frowned.

If everything happened as planned, Xu Ba should have already gotten rid of the entire Wu family but why are they here now?

"Wu Jie!"

Seeing how Wu Jie was here, Su Xue looked surprised.

"Xue Er!"

Wu Jie was delighted as well. He quickly ran towards her and gave her a tight hug.

"Hmph! Those from the Wu family are rubbish!"

The man finally had an awful expression on his face.

"Get rid of them!"

Then, he glared at the rest of the warriors that belonged to the Wu family.

Then, without any hesitation, all of the warriors standing behind him picked up their weapons and dashed towards the Wu family!

"Kill them!"

Uncle Fu and the rest of them noticed what was happening and reacted quickly as well, ready for a fight.

Soon, both parties were tangled with each other.

"I would get rid of all this rubbish with one sweep of my sword!"

The man warned Wu Jie and Su Xue with a cold glare from his eyes.

As he spoke, he was taking a good look at the warriors from the Wu family and there was a murderous intention in his eyes.

He lifted up his hand and was ready to attack the warriors of the Wu family.

Go to hell!

As he raised his sword, there was a horrifying sword aura released from the sword!

The difference in strength between a respected warrior and a king warrior was more than one could imagine.

This sword aura could immediately kill all of these warrior kings in one blow!

Boom – –

However, at that moment, something happened and the sword aura was stopped.

It immediately disappeared into thin air.

What on earth has just happened?!

The man who had a hideous smile on his face suddenly stopped smiling.

"A respected warrior should stay out of this fight."

Lin Xiu narrowed his eyes as he spoke to the man.

"Who are you?!"

The man looked at Lin Xiu after hearing his voice.

He did not feel the presence of Lin Xiu at all amongst them when Wu Jie and the rest of the Wu family arrived.

"It doesn't matter who I am."

Lin Xiu shook his head.

"I just have to intertwine this matter due to some personal matter."

"Hmph! You brat! You look too highly upon yourself. Do you know who you are up against?"

The young man sneered when he heard what Lin Xiu said.

"You are fighting against the City Lord Council and the Xu family!"

"Seeing how you are quite strong as well, make the wise decision and join us."

"Perhaps, you may still be alive after this."

The young man continued.

"You really talk too much."

Lin Xiu answered flatly.

"Go to hell!"DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Lin Xiu's words caused the man's face to turn awful.

Then, at the next moment, he raised the sword in his arms and swept it toward Lin Xiu!

Xiu xiu xiu – –

As the long sword was released, there were multiple shadows that appeared and it was extremely difficult to figure out which was the real one.

You're dead!

Just when the young man thought that his warrior skills would be able to kill Lin Xiu, something surprising happened instead!

Clang – –

As the loud, crisp sound rang into his ears, the man noticed that Lin Xiu had caught the tip of his sword with both his fingers!

"You..."

The man widened his eyes in shock and he couldn't believe his eyes.

This brat caught his sword with merely two fingers!

It should be noted that his sword has a horrifying sword aura. Forget about touching, just by being one metre close to it, he should have been injured instead.

However, the young man before him was able to catch it with his fingers!

When he took a closer look, he noticed that there was a layer of energy source surrounding Lin Xiu's fingers.

"You're weak."

Lin Xiu looked at him and said bluntly.

"You..."

The man's expression changed and he tried to pull out his sword.

Just when he was trying to put force into pulling his sword, Lin Xiu applied force onto his fingers as well.

Crack – –

Suddenly, a loud crack was heard and the sword was instantly broken into two!