Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 948: The Imperial Order

Translator: Dragon Boat Translation Editor: Dragon Boat Translation

“This…..this is the entrance.”

The man was carried by Lin Xiu as he continued walking and his body was shaking uncontrollably.

He pointed to the path in front of them and there was a dark, long alley before them.

Compared to the surrounding outside, this place was much messier.

There were also a few other warriors who kept staring at Lin Xiu.

All of them were looking at them with an evil intention.

“It’s here?”

Lin Xiu narrowed his eyes.

The Dark Shadow was considered one of the largest intelligence agencies in Wildfire City.

He just didn’t expect for it to be in such a desolated corner of the city.

“It is! It’s here!!”

The man no longer had the balls to be arrogant.

This was because he realised that he couldn’t use any of his source energy in his body while Lin Xiu was carrying him like a basket.

He couldn’t use anything!

For a warrior like them, it was definitely something scary.

“So, it would be taken away from you this time?”

Lin Xiu stopped his android horse by the side and placed the man on the ground, before asking him.

“No…..We won’t.”

The man, who had an oily face, quickly shook his head.

“Lead the way.”

Lin Xiu said flatly.

“Sure.”

He let out a breath of relief and nodded his head.

They walked down the path for some time and they could see that by the end of it, there was a huge opening.

There was a bright light coming from inside the hole and they could clearly see the staircases around them.

There were people walking in and out of the place for quite some time and they didn’t bother looking at Lin Xiu.

“There are thousands of people here in the Dark Shadow who come here for information…”

The man continued walking next to Lin Xiu and started explaining himself.

He kept looking at Lin Xiu, who was wearing a mask, worried that Lin Xiu might do something to him.

As they continued walking, Lin Xiu couldn’t help but feel surprised.

This was because compared to the environment above, the environment here was much cleaner and neater. The difference between both places was like heaven and earth.

The place looked like a huge high tech company.

Beep beep – –

The man held onto his card and swiped it near the door which was followed by a loud sound.

The door that was locked earlier was immediately opened.

“This….this is the headquarters of the Dark Shadow.”

“If there’s anything that you need, you can ask for help at the counter and they will be able to help you.”

The man continued speaking.

“Hey. Get your highest authority here.”

Lin Xiu nodded his head before commanding the man.

“Alright.”

“What are you saying?”

The man suddenly realised something about what Lin Xiu said.

“I said get your highest authority here to meet me.”

Lin Xiu repeated himself.

“That’s impossible. The head of the Dark Shadow will not meet you.”

The man shook his head.

The head of the Dark Shadows ws someone who was always missing. He was only a small member of the place, it would be impossible for him to meet the head of the group.

“Really?”

Lin Xiu glared at him.

“I’m telling the truth. I don’t have the authorities to find him.”

Lin Xiu stared at him and the man felt chills running down his spine.

The look in his eyes were terrifying and with one contact of it, he felt as if he was already in hell.

It caused his legs to turn weak.

“Then….who would have the authorities then?”

Lin Xiu took a look around before asking.

“Should I….get help from another person?”

He hesitated for a moment before saying.

“Sure.”

“I’ll be waiting for you here.”

Lin Xiu said flatly and sat on one of the chairs.

The man let out a breath of relief before leaving.

Soon, he returned with a huge group of men.

“I am one of the person in charge here, Dong Shang.”

The man in the centre stepped out and spoke to Lin Xiu who was casually sitting on the chair.

He took a good look at Lin Xiu.

Lin Xiu had a mask on and they couldn’t detect the source energy in him.

He has hidden his source energy.

This meant that he would be a powerful person.

With only one look, Dong Shang could already feel that Lin Xiu was a powerful man.

A peculiar look appeared in his eyes but it soon disappeared.

“Let’s talk somewhere else.”

Lin Xiu stood up before saying.

“Of course.”

Dong Shang did not hesitate and waved his hands. The rest of the warriors behind him dispersed immediately.

The man from earlier let out a breath of relief as well.

The pressuring feeling from Lin Xiu was too much and he regretted trying to steal Lin Xiu’s android horse.

Lin Xiu entered another room with Dong Shang and he put on a smile, “I still don’t know your name yet.”

“Lin Xiu.”

Lin Xiu said casually.

“Mr Lin?”

“Our leader isn’t here today. Is there anything that we can help you with today?”

Dong Shang asked Lin Xiu instead.

“Are you in charge of the business here?”

Lin Xiu did not answer his question and asked another one instead.

“Yes.”

Dong Shang nodded his head.

“Do you perhaps remember the Ye family?”

Lin Xiu looked into his eyes before asking.

The Ye family?

The look in Dong Shang’s eyes changed.

Soon, he thought about something else and answered Lin Xiu.

“There is no such family in Wildfire City.”

Dong Shang continued smiling as he answered.

“Mr Dong, I think you’re well aware of what I’m talking about.”

Lin Xiu answered flatly.

“Aren’t you aware of how the Dark Shadows came about?”

“I’m not too sure about the history of it.”

Dong Shang continued shaking his head.

“It’s impossible that you haven’t heard of it.”

Lin Xiu narrowed his eyes.

Lin Xiu took out the Imperial Order from his pocket.

When the Imperial Order was taken out of his pocket, the expression on Dong Shang’s face changed.

“The Imperial Order?!”

“I already told you that you would know this.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Lin Xiu asked flatly.

“Do you perhaps remember your promises ?”

“Young Master, the Dark Shadows have not forgotten our promises.”

Dong Shang kneeled on the ground and answered respectfully.

“The Dark Shadow would have to help the man who holds the Imperial Order and to rebuild the Ye family!”

“Good.”

“Where is your leader?”

Lin Xiu continued saying.

“I will get him here now. Please give us some time.”

Dong Shang said to Lin Xiu as he stood up.

When he turned around, there was a peculiar look in his eyes.