Chapter 1000 - I Don' Want To Get The Two Of You In Trouble

Princess Sidonie oversaw the placement of the different Demon Clans after knowing each of their specialties.

The lands that William had given them surrounded the Deadlands, which William had taken from the Void when he returned to Hestia. His general plan was to let the nine Clans that had sworn allegiance to him slowly rebuild the city, with the techniques that he would teach them after they had settled down.

The Half-Elf knew that rebuilding the Deadlands from scratch would be a time consuming process. He could use his God Points to fix it completely, but the cost would be astronomical. Because of this, Optimus gave a suggestion that William only use the God Points for an electrical grid and plumbing, so there could be light and a clean source of water that would allow the city to regain its basic functions.

William decided to follow Optimus' advice, but there was one part of the city that the red-headed teenager fixed properly using God Points, and that was none other than the theme park.

He decided to let the children of the demon races have fun and enjoy the rides that were available inside it.

When his wives learned about his plan, they got very curious about it, so they decided to follow William to the theme park to become its first customers. When Princess Sidonie, Ashe, and Chiffon tried the Bump Cars, the three got addicted pretty quickly and fought William in a three versus one battle by ramming him with their cars.

The Half-Elf had enlarged the Bump Car area to thrice its original size, so it was pretty spacious. Since the theme park was closed to the general public for the time being, the four enjoyed the rides as they waited for the three other Clans that William had accepted under his wing to finish their preparation for migration.

The red-headed teenager had a satisfied smile on his face as he watched his wives enjoy all the rides in the theme park. This was a first for them, so they really enjoyed the experience.

After several hours, the four of them sat on the Giant Ferris Wheel overlooking the sunset.

Optimus had fixed the settings of William's Domain long ago, so that it would have night and day. Since they needed a fixed point to use as an anchor, they had used the town of Lont in the Southern Continent as the base, so the positions of the stars in the sky, as well as the sun wouldn't change even if William went to the different places in the world.Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

After a fun-filled time with his wives, William returned to the Demon Realm just in time to hear Polox's report about the Greenskin Clan.

"As expected, they refused to follow you, Lord William," Polox stated.

William smiled as he patted Polox's shoulder. "It doesn't matter. They're not important."

After talking to the Patriarchs of the different Clans, as well as getting Princess Sidonie's thoughts about the matter, William decided to not take the Greenskin Clan under his wing. There was no need for him to expand his forces in the Demon Continent because that wasn't his main goal for coming.

"Still, I will still go and see them," William said as he ordered Polox to call for Vesta, Kira, and Athrun. Because of the things he had done with the Demon Clans, he hadn't talked to his new friends for a while.

William had asked all three of them to stay in the city of the One-horned Clan in order to prevent them from getting involved in the struggle for territories. The three of them had nothing to do with this, and he didn't want any rumors flying around that they were supporting him from the shadows.

Although it didn't show on his face, William really liked Kira and Athrun. Knowing that they were having difficulties with their families, he knew that getting them involved would only complicate things.

As for Vesta, she was a special case. As the daughter of a Demigod, she couldn't side with anyone because doing so would involve her father. When a Demigod became involved in the affairs of mortals, things usually got pretty dicey, so William made sure the three of them remained inside the city to wait until he finished everything on his end.

—---

Fifteen minutes later…

"You finally have time to see us?" Vesta asked with irritation. "We're not your lackeys, who are at your beck and call."

"Calm down, Vesta," William replied as he made a gesture for the green-haired beauty to sit down. "I called the three of you here to discuss how all of us will proceed from here."

William paused to ensure that the three Demons were properly seated and that he had their full attention.

"As you already know, nine Demon Clans have become my vassals," William stated. "I don't have any plans to add more for the time being. However, since this matter has already spread among the Major Clans around this area, we can expect that our movements will be monitored from this moment onwards. AʟʟFuʟʟ ɴ ᴏᴠᴇʟ

"Because of this, I ask that you stop referring to me as William. My new name is Raymond, and my surname is Parker."

Kira and Athrun had complicated expressions on their faces as they looked at William. The two of them didn't know if they should be relieved or sad that Wiliam wasn't planning on adding more Demon Clans under his influence.

The two of them had made plans together, and were planning to talk to William about it. However, after hearing his words, they decided to postpone it for the time being.

Vesta, on the other hand, looked at the black-haired teenager with a frown on her face. Although he had already stopped adding more vassals under him, the fact still remained that he had antagonized several Clans in the process.

"Where are the Clans now?" Vesta asked. "Are you planning to create a grand exodus from here up to the North? That move will only slow us down. The reason why we are traveling by flying carriage is to get to our destination as fast as we can. If we carry baggage with us, our journey will take several more months than we initially intended.

"Also, caring for them won't be easy. We will need a lot of resources like food, water, and many other things. Not to mention, we will be treading through the territories of different Clans, whose Patriarchs might think that you are planning to invade them. Are you sure you are going to take them all with you?"

William smiled because Vesta thought that he would be traveling alongside the other Clans like merchant caravans do. If he didn't have the Thousand Beast Domain, he would have never done such a thing as accept Demon Clans to become his vassals.

Fortunately, he had his own portable Domain, so taking several clans wasn't an issue for him.

"You don't have to worry about them," William replied. "Aside from the One-horned Clan and three other Clans, the nine Clans serving under me have already migrated. You don't have to worry about them."

Vesta looked at William in confusion because she couldn't understand what he was saying. The Half-Elf didn't bother to explain and simply waved his hand to push the issue aside.

"You will understand tomorrow when the One-horned Tribe migrates in full," William explained. "I called the three of you here to inform you that we will be leaving this place tomorrow night so we can resume our journey.

"Also, Kira, and Athrun, I apologize to both of you because I got you indirectly involved in this conflict. If you wish to clear your names, it would be best if we part ways here. I don't want to get the two of you in trouble."

Kira and Athrun glanced at each other because this was one of the other things that they had talked about a day ago. Unlike Vesta, who had the backing of her father, the two teenagers didn't have a strong backing.

Kira was the third son of the Patriarch of the Sand Clan, while Athrun was the fourth son of the Patriarch of the Sky Clan. Both were medium-sized clans and held considerable influence in their respective territories.

The Half-Elf was afraid that if the two boys continued to travel with him, they would be excommunicated from their families and have to live a life of exile.

"Bro, don't worry. I've already decided to go with you all the way to your destination." Kira patted his chest with confidence. "I am only the third son of my Clan's Leader. I am not that important."

"The same goes with me," Athrun replied a few seconds after Kira finished his statement. "I have already broken away from my family and, aside from my trading business, I don't have any familial attachments. I won't be missed by my Clan."

William had a calm expression on his face, as he handed the two Demons a contract.

"Sign this first," William said. "This contract states that anything I tell you will not leave this room. Otherwise, both of you will lose the memories of the time we've had together."

The Half-Elf had been in cahoots with the God of Contracts ever since he agreed to let Donger stay in his mailbox. Right now, all the contracts that William made were backed by his Divinity.

Since that was the case, the Half-Elf decided to get some form of insurance so that the two Demons wouldn't be caught up in the storm that he might stir up in the Demon Continent. He had long felt that Kira's and Athrun's perception of him had changed after he had shown them one of his trump cards.

William was afraid that they would misunderstand things and think that he was planning to create a new rising force in the Demonic Continent. In order to prevent misunderstandings in the future, he planned to make the two understand just who the person that they were referring to as brother really was.