Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1002 - Talking To The Big Boss

Caspian, who had retreated all the way back to his Domain, had locked himself up in his room, leaving his steward to manage the daily affairs of the Clan for the time being.

His confrontation with Raymond Parker (A.K.A William) had left a lasting impression on him. He didn't regret ordering a retreat because he knew that if he and his Clan had stayed even a minute longer, all of them would have definitely been charmed by the Incubus Progenitor that had appeared in front of them.

Looking at the mirror on the wall, Caspian forced himself to stand up from the bed and gaze at his own reflection. He could still hear the teasing voice of the black-haired young man, and it made him wonder if his subordinates had heard him.

"Tell me, are you a man or a woman? How are you able to command the Impundulu if you're not a Witch? Don't tell me, you're a woman pretending to be a man?"

Caspian clenched his fist when this memory surfaced inside his head. The Impundulu was his greatest trump card, and for someone to recognize its true name only meant one thing. That person either studied Witchcraft or Dark Magic.

"Is he a Vampire or an Incubus?" Caspian muttered as he continued to stare at his reflection in the mirror. In the end, he shook his head to clear the thoughts that were starting to consume him.

"Vampires and Incubus can both practice the Dark Arts, so it is not impossible for him to know about Impundulu's identity," Caspian stated as if trying to reassure himself. "That's not the real issue. He knows that I practice Witchcraft. There is also a possibility that he knows Impundulu's weakness."

Caspian sighed as he pressed his hand over the mirror's surface. "I only have two options. One is to kill him, the other is to silence him…"

Caspian knew that the first option would be hard since his opponent could charm his army if given the chance. Even if he commanded three Myriad Beasts, he had a feeling that it would still not be enough to defeat the black-haired teenager who had pushed him into a corner.

"Silencing him might be the best option," Caspian muttered. "I need to keep this secret and not let anyone discover it."

After making up his mind, he decided to wash up and leave his territory under the cover of the night. He didn't bring any of his men with him because doing that would be suicidal. He was confident that he could resist the Incubus Charm to a certain extent, but his subordinates were unable to do that.

"It is better to be safe than sorry," Caspian said as he flew in the sky, while riding on the back of a winged tiger. Right now, the agents of the Demon Lord were scouring the lands in search for anyone who had an ounce of Dark Magic in them.

As one of the Patriarchs of the Major Clans in the Demon Realm, he was able to hide his ability well. If news reached the ears of the Demon Lord that he had evaded the selection for the candidates of the Dark Prince, things would become difficult for his Clan and he didn't want that to happen.

Right now, the Rajah Clan was stable under his rule. However, if he was forced to go to the Ancient Ruins where the other wielders of Dark Magic were gathered, he would have to hand his authority over to one of his relatives, which would definitely be a bad idea.Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Internal struggles in Clan Politics were quite common, and if those who had evil intentions managed to sniff out this piece of information, they would be able to use that excuse to send him away, and usurp his position while he was being detained in the stronghold where the chosen candidates were gathered.

He had no intention of becoming part of the prophecy. All he wanted was to secure the position of Patriarch that his mother had sacrificed her life for. Even if he had to plead he would do it. During the battle, one of the Patriarchs, as well as his aides, who now served under William was present during the battle.

He was afraid that William would conspire with these Patriarchs to send news about his ability, which would immediately make the sleeping vultures in his own Clan wake up from their slumber and swoop down from the sky to grab this juicy opportunity.

"I need to find him," Caspian said with determination. "And I need to find him fast."

—---

Meanwhile inside the residence of the Greenskin Clan's Patriarch…

"Oh? The Patriarch of the Gremory Clan wants to talk to me?" William arched an eyebrow when he heard Dozedar's words, who was missing his left arm after Medusa had eaten it.

"Yes," Dozedar replied hatefully. "His messenger is here, and waiting for you in the conference room."

Dozedar then pointed at his three subordinates and ordered them to take William to see the messenger of the Patriarch of the Gremory Clan. After his arm was bitten off by the purple-haired girl who had appeared out of nowhere, his hatred for the black-haired young man grew to unprecedented heights.

However, since the gap in strength was so wide, he had no choice but to smolder the anger in his heart, and try his best to not provoke the Vampire who had barged inside his residence.

Unfortunately, the hatred in his heart could not be controlled so easily, so he wasn't able to stop himself from glaring at the man who could end his life with a single slap. He knew that this was complete suicide, but he wasn't able to stop himself, even though he tried to hide it.

He had never suffered such grievances in his life before, and he was finding it hard to adjust to his new circumstances. As one of the satellite branches of the Gremory Clan, he had received plenty of benefits from them.

This was why they were able to subdue two Minor Clans in a short period of time. The One-horned Clan was supposed to be his third conquest, but all of it came to an abrupt halt when the young Vampire appeared in his life.

He had become Dozedar's nightmare and, if possible, he didn't want to see him ever again.

William ignored the hate-filled gaze that was directed at him. If this was any other occasion, he might have slapped the Demon and sent him flying towards the wall. But right now, he wasn't in the mood for that.

After entering the conference room, a handsome demon with two small horns protruding on his head gave William a respectful bow before stating his name.

"I apologize that I am unable to give my name to you, Lord Raymond Parker," the handsome demon said with respect. "My Patriarch sent me a message that he wants to talk with you in private."

The handsome Demon then placed a round mirror on top of the conference table and bowed his head to William before leaving the room.

The Half-Elf glanced at the mirror and shrugged. Although he knew that there was going to be some kind of negotiation, he didn't expect that he would be talking to the Big Boss of the Gremory Clan.

Deep inside, William was quite curious to know the identity of the current Patriarch of the Gremory Clan, who had ensured that one of his own was seated firmly on the throne of the Demon Lord.

Depending on the outcome of their conversation, William might have to change his plans in order to reach the results he was aiming for.