Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1003 - There Will Be No Next Time

"It's a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Raymond Parker," Alvah, the Patriarch of the Gremory Clan, said with a smile. "I've heard of your grand exploits, and I am quite honored to talk to you face to face."

William gave Alvah a brief nod. He had expected that the Patriarch of one of the Major Clans, who the reigning Demon Lord's family belonged to, would use threats or intimidation to deal with him.

He didn't expect that the latter would treat him in an amicable manner, which made the Half-Elf click his tongue internally.

'This person is a schemer,' William thought. 'As expected of one of the Big Shots of the Demon Realm.'

Alvah observed the black-haired young man in front of him. He had been to several gatherings between prominent clans and families, and he was doing his best to try to remember the person in front of him, but no appropriate match came to his mind.

Seeing that the young man didn't plan on saying anything, Alvah decided to continue the discussion, and settle the matter with the Greenskin Clan as peacefully as possible.

"I've heard that the One-horned Clan had become one of your vassals," Alvah stated. "The only reason why the Greenskin Clan tried to make them submit to their rule was because they weren't affiliated with any Demon Clan.

"Now that they had their own Lord to serve, I don't see any more reason for the Greenskin Clan to provoke them. Don't worry, Mr. Parker. From this moment onwards, the Gremory Clan, as well as our Vassal Clans will no longer look trouble for them. All I ask is that you leave the Greenskin Clan alone. That way, we can continue to be good friends. What do you say?"

William smiled in his heart because Alvah still used a subtle threat to tell him that if he touched the Greenskin Clan, the Gremory Clan, as well as their Vassal Clans would not like it.

'In the end, he wasn't able to stop himself from using his position to threaten me,' William mused.

Dozedar, who was standing at the corner of the room, clenched his fist as he stared at the young man's face to see any kind of change in his expression. Unfortunately, William's calm expression didn't give him the answers he was looking for.

A few minutes passed in silence as William stared at Alvah without blinking. The latter stared back at him with a confident expression on his face. Alvah had dealt with all the Patriarchs of the Major Clans in their realm, so he knew that person in front of him was testing his resolve.

After who knows how long, William chuckled as the corner of his lips curled up into a smile.

"You blinked first," William stated.

"Excuse me?" Alvah replied.

The Half-Elf crossed his right leg over his left, as he gave Alvah a winning smile, which made the latter arch his eyebrow.

"I only deal with smart people," William declared. "Those who play dumb are people I despise the most. Being sour must be a trait of the Gremory Clan."

Alvah smiled after hearing William's words. He then briefly nodded his head as he eyed the young man in front of him.

"You're right. It is unbecoming of someone of my status to play dumb," Alvah replied. "I apologize, Mr. Parker. I did indeed blink first."

"A man who admits his wrongdoing is an admirable person. It seems that there is still a possibility for negotiations."

"If you have any conditions, I am willing to hear them, Mr. Parker."

William was quite impressed by how eloquent the old man in front of him was. Instead of saying he was willing to hear his demands, Alvah said conditions, which had a softer tone, indicating that he would listen to conditions and not demands.

'This is the type of person that my Grandpa likes to bully.' William's smile widened as he thought fondly of James, who disappeared after taking the two little pink-haired girls, Maple and Cinnamon, with him.

William lightly tapped his armrest before stating his conditions to Alvah, who reminded him of a traitorous snake that would sneak attack him if given the opportunity.

"First things first, I'd like to inform you that I no longer have an interest in the Greenskin Clan," William declared.

"Oh? That is quite reassuring," Alvah replied as his mood became a bit better after hearing William's words. "But, allow me to sate my curiosity. What made you change your mind?"

"Because they are weak."

"Weak? I don't understand what you mean, Mr. Parker. Can you elaborate?"

Dozedar, who was standing at the corner of the room, gritted his teeth in anger after hearing William's words. His clan was a rising force in the Southeastern Region of the Demon Realm. Although his Clan wasn't at the level of a Medium-Sized Clan at the moment, he believed that he would reach that status in two to three years time.

"I smacked him once with my staff and he was sent flying," William replied with a shrug. "I have no need for weaklings."

Dozedar's face turned beet-red after hearing William's explanation. He cursed the black-haired young man inside his heart up to his tenth generation for being shameless.

'Anyone who got hit by a staff that was as big as a castle would be sent flying! Even Polox suffered the same fate as me back then! You shameless bastard!'

Those were the words that Dozedar wanted to shout so badly, but didn't have the courage to do so. In the end, he almost suffered an aneurysm for holding his anger in, making the muscles on his head bulge under his skin.

"I only came here to inform you guys that I don't plan to take this second rate Clan as one of my vassal," William stated before standing up. "Well then, I am a busy person, I will be taking my leave."

William didn't even bother to hear Alvah's reply as he left the room, leaving the Patriarch of the Gremory Clan deep in thought.

'Raymond Parker… this person is not simple,' Alvah thought as he watched William's retreating back. The happiness he felt earlier had long disappeared because it was replaced with uncertainty.

He had tried to probe William's goal in the Demon Continent, but the latter ended the talks on his own accord without even giving Alvah time to gauge his character.

"Dozedar."

"Yes. My Lord."

"Don't provoke this person again," Alvah ordered. "There will be no next time. Do I make myself clear?"

Dozedar felt cold sweat stream down his face because Alvah's expression was menacing. He bowed his head in fear, and was only able to breathe in relief after the connection was cut.

—---

William boarded his carriage, and a few seconds later, it soared in the air while being pulled by Maximus.

Flying beside him were Vesta's, Kira's, and Athrun's carriages.

The two Demons had decided to continue their journey with William because they wanted to know more about him. The Half-Elf didn't mind their company because he could tell that the two were sincere in their decision.

With this small incident finally over with, their group once again returned to their journey to the North. They were not aware that the rumors of William's deeds had already traveled far and wide. This made the Major Clans weary, while the Minor Clans felt hope.Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

In the end, this small interlude had caused the Major Clans to treat their vassals better, so they wouldn't choose to rebel against them. Although it was a small change in the policy of these Major Clans, it still made the lives of the Minor Clans more bearable.

The weak and oppressed Clans then started to worship William, and prayed fervently that he would one day cross their paths. That way, they would be able to ask him for his help, and allow them to live better lives, that were free from the daily suffering that they were forced to endure.