Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1004 - Making Vesta Fall

"What is this?!"

"What is that?!"

"How is this possible?!"

"How can this possibly exist?!"

"This tastes so good!"

Vesta had been asking questions left and right after she was taken to the theme park by Princess Sidonie, according to William's orders.

After experiencing the things that the theme park had to offer, as well as the delicious food that was unique to Earth, the green-haired beauty suffered a case of culture shock, which blew her common sense away.

"Fufufu, just a little more, and she will fall," William grinned evilly as he held Princess Sidonie's hand. "Good job, Sidonie. This little girl will soon be in our hands."

They glanced at Vesta who was currently eating a cake with Chiffon, which was baked by the Elves using a recipe book he had given them with devilish looks on their faces.

"Fufufu, I'm very happy that you think that way, Will," Princess Sidonie replied. "How do you want me to train this girl? Do you want her as a pet? A slave? Or a bed warmer? As long as you wish for it, I will make it happen."

"Hahaha… I think I'll pass," William replied because he could feel Ashe's and Princess Sidonie's fingers resting on his waist. He was sure that if he said the wrong answer, his succubus and mermaid wives would pinch and twist the skin on his waist, making him feel a world of pain.

"Seriously, are you planning to make her your wife as well?" Ashe asked. "She's the daughter of a Demigod from the Demon Continent. You might be biting off more than you can chew this time, Will."

"I agree with Ashe," Princess Sidonie replied. "I'll be fine if you treat her as a pet, a slave, or a bedwarmer, but a wife's position musn't be taken lightly."

"Don't worry," William said as he kissed both of their cheeks in order to pacify them. "Even if she begged to become my wife, I won't even consider it."

"Awww, I love you, Darling!"

"As expected of my husband. You understand me."

Vesta, who was eating her cake, almost choked because the three were talking about her, while sitting right across from her. They didn't even bother to lower their voices, and let her hear everything, which pissed her off.

Chiffon giggled as she offered Vesta a cup of water, which the latter gratefully accepted.

"Don't mind them, Vesta," Chiffon said with a smile. "They are just joking."

"R-Really? It felt as if they weren't joking, especially the part about me becoming a pet, a slave, or a bedwarmer."

"Haha, don't worry. I promise you that I will eat you before that happens. So, rest assured."

Vesta looked at the smiling, adorable pink-haired girl that had accompanied her since she entered William's Thousand Beast Domain.

After introducing herself as one of William's wives, she took Vesta on a tour of the theme park, which was still closed to the general public. There, the green-haired beauty enjoyed the rides, and ate the unique foods delivered to them by the Elves like chocolates, potato chips, crepes, and milk tea.

"Eat me?" Vesta blinked. "How?"

Chiffon covered her lips and giggled. "You will only need to worry about that if you fall in love with my husband. So, don't fall in love with him, okay?"

"Fall in love with him? How is that even possible? I have high standards, you know?"

"I'll believe you for now. However, if you ever feel that you are starting to develop feelings for him, come and see me. I'll eat them for you, okay?"

"Um, I don't really understand what you're saying, but okay?"

Vesta asked for another slice of chocolate cake, which she found quite delicious. She had eaten many desserts in the past, but this was something that she had never tried before. As someone that had been born with a golden spoon in her mouth, she enjoyed the best of everything in the Demon Continent.

This was why seeing and eating things that she had never tried before was a luxury that made her happy.

"Vesta, after you finish eating that cake, you need to return to the outside world," William replied. "Your two servants were pestering me earlier to let them see you, but I refused. You have to come out and deal with them yourself."

The green-haired beauty sighed as she nodded her head. She had asked earlier if she could bring her two shield maidens, Ali and Ari, with her to the Thousand Beast Domain, but William refused.

The Half-Elf only allowed Vesta to enter because she was a potential ally that he could work with while he was in the Demon Realm. Although he didn't mind letting her shield maidens enter the Thousand Beast Domain as well, he needed to make an impression that only "his" people could enter it.

Since that was the case, the two shield maidens were forced to remain in the outside world and look after the flying carriage, while their Master was away.

Half an hour later, Vesta finally left the Thousand Beast Domain, in order to pacify her two retainers, who had been worried sick about her because she had been gone for almost a day.

After the Greenhaired beauty left, another presence appeared inside the Villa, which made William smile.

"Lilith," William stood up as he walked towards the Amazon Princess, and gave her a hug before kissing her.

Lilith returned his gesture because she was quite happy with the reception she was getting.

She was currently in the Amazon Empire taking care of her duties as one of its Princesses. She had also talked to her mother about the good news, and asked her to not send any more Amazons to William, with the goal of taking his seed, so that they could give birth to strong children.

Empress Andraste was quite happy that her daughter was able to snag William and make him her fiance. Although she was a little disappointed that she couldn't let her warriors enjoy the Half-Elf's affection, she still respected Lilith's wishes, and promised that she would no longer insist on having her warriors sleep with her daughter's fiance.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

"Is everything settled in your end?" William asked.

Lilith nodded. "Yes, but I have to stay in our empire for the time being. The recent movements of the Demons have also alerted my mother. Our warriors are preparing for any unexpected moves from the Demon Continent. The Elven prophecy isn't helping either, and the Aiur Empire, which is closest to the borders of the Demon Lands, is currently on high alert."

William nodded his head in understanding. Lilith then took this opportunity to whisper something in his ear, which made the Half-Elf grin mischievously.

Lilith blushed before burying her head on William's chest. She had told her beloved that she missed him terribly, and asked if he would be staying in the Villa later in the evening, so that they could spend some quality time together.

William was more than happy to shower his Amazon Princess with his love and make sure that she is watered properly. Lilith still hadn't given up on her desire to give birth to her daughter, Raizel, as soon as possible.

While the two were whispering words of love in each other's ears, Princess Sidonie cleared her throat, which made Lilith glare at her.

The two of them still hadn't fully worked out their rivalry with each other. In fact, it had even intensified after Lilith became William's fiance. Only Ashe and Chiffon treated Lilith as one of their sisters who loved William just as much as they did.

"Oh, before I forget, Mother asked me to pass a message to you," Lilith said with a serious expression on his face. "In the North of the Demon Realm, an ancient ruin was unearthed recently.

"According to my mother's informant, all those who wield Dark Magic have been brought to that place. It seems that it was some kind of Holy Land for users of Dark Magic in the past. She added that you should stay away from that place as much as possible."

William nodded as he kissed Lilith's forehead, and thanked her for the news.

He then bid his wives, and lovers goodbye before returning to the real world. Truth be told, the moment he stepped into the Demon Continent's borders, there had been a faint, but steady, feeling of attraction coming from the North.

After hearing Lilith's news, he finally understood the reason for the weird sensation that he was feeling out of late.

'Holy Land for Dark Magic users?' William thought. 'Sounds like a pain in the butt.'

Although he was curious, he had no intention of visiting that place, which was now heavily guarded by the forces of the Demon Lord.

As for the movements of the Demons? He didn't care much about these things either. William didn't think of himself as a hero, or a policeman, that was responsible for keeping the peace of the world.

He had his hands full with his wives and the people important to him. Worrying about the affairs of the Central and the Silvermoon Continents was not his problem. That was the responsibility of those who wore crowns on their heads.

For others, they would jump at any opportunity to gain riches, influence, and power. William was not one of those people. If possible, he wanted to live a simple and happy life free from the struggles of war with his wives.

This was the wish he had wanted long ago, but the circumstances had forced him to fight again, and again, for the sake of those he held dear in his heart.

William sighed as he stepped outside of his carriage. Their journey to the North would be a long one. He just hoped that when he arrived at his destination, he would easily find his first crush, after reincarnating in the world of Hestia.