Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1007 - This Is Why You Are A Late Bloomer

Celine's delicate hand, that was about to drop a red crystal to the cauldron, stiffened as she glanced in the direction of the North.

The Dark Magic inside her body started to stir, and it made her feel slightly uneasy. A few seconds later, an ugly hag with a wrinkled nose, and skin barged into her room without even knocking on the door.

"Did you feel that, Celine?" Baba Yaga asked with an anxious expression on her face. When she saw Celine's shaking hand, hovering her cauldron, she waved her hand extinguishing the flames to stop the alchemical process that her Disciple was performing.

She then pulled Celine to her arms and gave her a hug.

"Are you alright?" Baba Yaga asked as she patted Celine's back. "Don't worry. I am here. I will not allow anything to harm you."

Celine's shaking hand dropped the crystal as she hugged her Master's back. Her whole body started to shudder, as she tried to calm the powers inside her, which were starting to run amok.

Baba Yaga hummed as she unleashed her own Dark Powers, creating a protective dome, shielding both of them from the influence of the Ancient Ruins, which was several miles away from their location.

A minute later, Celine was finally able to regain full control of her powers as beads of sweat formed on her forehead.

Baba Yaga who had extended her senses on the outside world, removed the dome of darkness after the ominous feeling had subsided. As the strongest Dark Magic user in the entirety of Hestia, she had discovered the Ancient Ruins many years ago.

However, she didn't do anything about them, and simply allowed them to remain buried under the ground.

However, a year ago, a strong earthquake shook the entire land, allowing the Ancient Ruins to rise to the surface. It created a bizarre phenomenon in the sky, which alerted the nearby Demon Clans, forcing them to investigate the area.

When they found the Ancient Ruins, their first reaction was to explore it on their own. But, their plans were thwarted after they read the runes of the entrance, which said that only users of Dark Magic were allowed entry.

Of course, they attempted to break in by force, but it was futile. In the end, they were forced to report the incident to the Demon Lord, who had sent his son, Felix, to investigate the ruins under his name.

Felix was immediately fascinated by the ruins and decided to build a stronghold on its outskirts to better study it. After understanding how the Ruins worked, the first son of the Demon Lord asked his father to issue a decree, calling those who could wield Dark Magic to come to the North and cooperate with the great undertaking of exploring the Ruins.

Of course, Felix also went to Baba Yaga's place to respectfully ask for her help, but the Great Witch refused him.

Baba Yaga even warned Felix that he and his father shouldn't mess with something that was beyond their control. However, both turned a deaf ear to her warnings, and left her alone when they deemed that she didn't want to cooperate with them.

Baba Yaga then placed a protective barrier around her Domain, to prevent anyone from entering without her permission, with the exception of her one and only disciple, Celine.

Baba Yaga had received her message that she was planning to visit her, so the strongest Demigod of the Demon Realm left her home, and went to fetch her, after Celine had passed through the stronghold of the South.

Since then, Celine had been living with her.

Seeing that her Disciple was finally feeling better, the old hag made the beautiful Elf stop whatever she was doing. She then prepared tea for the two of them before sharing the news that one of her subordinates, who were scattered about the Demon Continent, had reported to her earlier that day.

"There is some news going around in the South," Baba Yaga said with a smile on her face. "A Vampire who goes by the name Raymond Parker has just poached a few Minor Clans, and it is causing a stir among the Major Clans in the area."

Celine listened with half an ear as she drank her tea. Frankly, she didn't care about the affairs of the Demon Realm. Baba Yaga also knew this, but the smile on her face didn't disappear as she told her beautiful disciple about the things that had left her quite interested in this troublemaker who had appeared out of nowhere.

"According to my subordinates, the daughter of Joash is accompanying this person," Baba Yaga said like an old Auntie who was on the lookout for juicy gossip. "Out of curiosity, I used a long distance call to talk to that black lizard and heard some veeeeeeeeeeeeery interesting things about this Vampire."

Celine continued to sip her tea because she knew that her Master really liked gossip. When she was still training with her when she was younger, the Old Hag would often tell her what was happening in the Demon Continent.

This was how Celine had become knowledgeable about the Major Clans that ruled it, as well as the geo-politics that were shared when it came to each Clan's borders. It was one of the things they did to pass the time while they took breaks from training.

"This Vampire has black hair and light-brown eyes, and is very young too," Baba Yaga stated while looking at Celine's indifferent expression. "What do you think? Do you want me to catch him and pair you up with him?"

"Master, don't be silly," Celine replied. "Don't make things difficult for other people."

The Old Lady knew that her Disciple was not really interested in what she was saying, but the old hag was sure that her current expression would change after she finished relaying the news to the Elf who was about to finish drinking her tea.

"Don't be so quick to turn him down, Celine," Baba Yaga said while shaking her head. "This is why you are a late bloomer. Now, where was I? Oh yeah… you see, this young man originally didn't have black hair and light-brown eyes. His name is also not Raymond Parker, but William…"

Celine's hand that was holding the tea cup shook briefly as she gazed at her Master in disbelief.

Baba Yaga chuckled as she clapped her hands happily

"Well then, my little Princess, it seems that your Prince has come to get you," Baba Yaga said in a teasing manner. "Are you going to wait for him, or should I kidnap him and bring him back here? Your call."

"Master, are you sure that you're talking about my Disciple?" Celine asked. "Could there have been any mistake?"

"Well, I don't really trust that lizard, so I might as well see this troublemaker for myself," Baba Yaga replied with a smile. "Also, I've heard that he is traveling with Vesta, Joash's beloved daughter. It seems that the black dragon is trying to fish in troubled waters, using his daughter as bait. What do you think we should do about her, Celine?"

Celine had a complicated expression on her face the moment she heard that Wiliam had appeared in the Demon Continent. Half of her was happy that William had come to the continent that treated his father as their mortal enemy to find her.

The rest of her was very worried because once his identity became known, he would be besieged on all sides, with no place to escape to. Baba Yaga knew how deep the hatred of the Demon Lord was to the enemy that had stood in his way.

Although William wasn't even born when the great war between Lucien and Maxwell was fought, his fate was sealed the moment he became the Dungeon Conqueror's son.

"Master, I have a favor to ask," Celine said with a serious look on her face.

"Well, I'm all ears," Baba Yaga grinned as she eyed her Disciple with a mischievous gaze.

More than anything else, the Old Hag wanted to see the son of the Dungeon Conqueror, as well as the man that had conquered her Disciple's heart and body.

Celine wore a cold and indifferent persona in the outside world, but deep inside, she was a warm and loving person. As someone who had raised her, and treated her like her own daughter, Baba Yaga swore to protect her from those who wanted to take advantage of Celine.

Since that was the case, it was only natural for her to see this possible son-in-law that had come from distant lands to find Celine.

Baba Yaga had heard many things about the Half-Elf from Celine, and she could tell that her Disciple was very fond of the red-headed teenager who had become the talk of the land, ever since he conquered the 51st Floor of the Tower of Babylon.

Baba Yaga wanted to know if William really had the ability to protect her Disciple, as well as daughter, from the Prophecy that bound her mind, body, and soul. If the Half-Elf didn't meet her standards, she would then take Celine and leave the Demon Continent with her.

Everyday that passed, the darkness inside her body was getting stronger, and the Old Hag knew that these happy days of theirs were numbered. In truth, she wished that the Bride of Darkness was Celine's twin sister, Celeste, and not her Disciple.

That way, the beautiful Elf who had lived with her during her younger years, would not be involved in the struggle that was brewing within the Demonic Lands.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

A struggle that would make their happy, and peaceful lives… come to an untimely end.