Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1010 - The Price For Freedom

Hestia Academy…

Princess Aila was walking back and forth inside her room while contemplating many things.

The first one was her duty, as the princess of the Zelan Dynasty.

The other was her feelings towards someone who was making her feel restless. Although she already had feelings for him in the past, those feelings only became stronger after she started having dreams about her past life.

Night after night, she would dream. Dreams of days long forgotten, in a world that had long ceased to exist. After talking to Conan and Elliot, she found out that William only planned to have nine wives (10 including Belle).

Right now, only one spot was missing, and Conan told her that if she didn't hurry, that last spot would be taken by another.

'What should I do then?' Princess Aila wondered as she pressed her head against the wall of her room. 'I'm not a strong warrior. The only thing I can use is Life Magic. If I go to the Demon Continent, I'll only get in his way."

Princess Aila knew this. She had told herselves these words for the upteenth time already. The angelic beauty had forced herself to accept that it was impossible, and there was no way she could cross that gap between her and William, who only treated her as a fellow Disciple of Owen's.

Although the Half-Elf didn't call Owen one of his Masters, he treated him as one in his heart. Without the old cow "who liked to eat young and tender grass" to train his stamina, and teach him "da wae" to fight and win battles in the bedroom, he might have not been able to satisfy his wives and lovers.

Although it might sound ridiculous, William was very thankful that Owen and the Goddess Eros, taught him how to be peerless in the arts of love making.

Princess Aila didn't know these details because when Owen taught her, he was a wise, and dedicated, teacher who could do no wrong.

'Master, I wish you were here,' Princess Aila thought as she remembered the hen-pecked-old-man, who couldn't say no to his beautiful, and young wife, who was fifty years younger than him.

It was at this moment when she heard a soft knocking sound on the window. Princess Aila smiled when she saw Conan waving at her from the window.

"Is there any news?" Princess Aila asked after opening the window to let the devil familiar in.

Conan smiled as he landed on Princess Aila's shoulder. Due to her request, Conan and Elliot decided to help her better understand her feelings, while there was still time for her to secure the final seat in William's heart.

"Well, Elliot managed to convince Chloee to come with us to the Demon Continent," Conan explained. "The only hurdle is trying to convince Celeste to agree to let her go there."

"I see. Thank you," Princess Aila replied. "If she comes with us, we will be able to overcome most obstacles."

Conan chuckled and nodded his head in agreement. If they had Chloee by their side, even if a Myriad Beast, or a Pseudo-Demigod appeared, they would be able to stand their ground, and beat it to a pulp.

"Are you sure about this Aila?" Conan asked. "The Demon Continent is a dangerous place. Once we step on it, there will be no turning back for us."Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

"Yes. I am sure," Princess Aila answered. "I'm sorry for making things difficult for you and Elliot."

"Kekeke. Indeed, it is a very difficult thing to do." Conan chuckled. "But, if you don't do it, you will regret it for the rest of your life."

The little devil then sighed. As a being born from William's soul, he knew the regrets, and unfulfilled promises that William carried from his two previous lifetimes. This was why he didn't want Princess Aila to suffer with the same.

Sometimes, one must take a leap of faith, and push ahead regardless of the outcome. By doing so, they would not remain in the same place for eternity. A life of stagnation was a life worse than death.

"But, there is still one more problem," Conan stated. "Even if Chloee comes with us, going to the Demon Continent will not be easy. We have two options. One of them is to travel the Black Sea, and the other is to use one of the teleportation gates that leads to the Demon Continent.​

"If we don't want to get detected, traveling by sea is ideal, but the journey is longer. If we use the teleportation gates, we will be able to arrive faster, but getting past the stronghold that protects its borders is quite hard. Not to mention, you are very beautiful, Aila. If those Demons see you, they will definitely do their best to capture you. Are you sure you want to do this?"

Princess Aila nodded. Just like Conan said, she didn't want to have any regrets in her life. Even if she failed in the end, at least, she did her best. She would be able to accept this kind of outcome, unlike the one where she did nothing and simply waited for a miracle to arrive.

"You want to go to the Demon Continent? I can help you, you know?"

Princess Aila and Conan almost jumped in fright after hearing a soft, and silky voice behind them. The princess immediately turned her head to look at what was behind her, but she saw nothing.

Conan immediately summoned his deathscythe and stood in front of his best friend in order to protect her. However, both of them saw nothing.

"Where are you two looking at?"

The voice once again came from their back, so the two immediately faced that direction with grim expressions on their faces. But, just like the first time, they saw nothing behind them.

"We can do this all day, and the result will be the same," the voice said in a mischievous tone. "Worry not. I meant neither of you any harm. I just overheard your discussion and thought that I should lend a hand."

Conan hovered above Princess Aila's head as he scanned his surroundings.

"Who are you?" Conan demanded. "Show yourself!"

A giggle sounded inside the room, which made Princess Aila feel like the person talking to them was doing this on purpose in order to make them feel anxious.

"I am willing to show myself, but you will not be able to handle it," the voice replied. "So, for your sake, how about we just chat instead?"

Conan frowned, but he no longer said anything. Instead he whispered to Princess Aila that she would be the one to talk to the voice, while he guarded her from any possible sneak attacks.

"Will you really help us get to the Demon Continent?" Princess Aila asked. "What do you want in return?"

The voice didn't reply right away. It was as if its owner was pondering on what it really wanted. A few minutes passed in silence as both Conan and Princess Aila kept their guard up. Although they had not been given any reply, the two of them were sure that the person talking to them was still inside the room with them.

"Well, I guess you can say that what I want is freedom," the voice said after a long sigh. "Although I can go anywhere I want to, my hands, and feet are tied. That's why, you will take me with you when you go to the Demon Continent."

"And if we refuse?" Conan asked as his eyes, and ears scanned the room for any signs of the elusive person that was talking to them.

"You can refuse if you want to," the voice replied calmly. "But, your chances of catching up to him are slim. With my help, I can bring you to exactly where he is without fail. This offer isn't too bad, right? All I ask… is for you to help me gain my freedom. Is it too much to ask?"

Princess Aila and Conan glanced at each other. They could hear the traces of sorrow, and loneliness in the voice that was talking to them.

After pondering for a moment, Princess Aila gave her answer, which made the owner of the voice smile.

"Thank you, Princess Aila of the Zelan Dynasty," the voice said. "I will forever remember this favor."

"Don't thank me yet," Princess Aila replied. "So, tell me. Where can I find you?"