Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1011 - Elliot's Disciple

"This might be a bad idea," Conan said while seated on Princess Aila's shoulder.

"I agree, this is a very bad idea," Chloee commented as she bit into a chocolate bar. "Taking her out is like taking a weapon of mass destruction. I can't do this with good conscience. I don't want to dirty my hands with the deaths of the innocent."

Princess Aila remained silent as she sat quietly on her chair. After finding out who the owner of the voice was, she felt as if she was making a deal with the devil.

Elliot, who was seated beside Chloee on the table, had his arms crossed over his chest. His eyes were closed as if he was in deep meditation. I

An awkward silence descended inside the room as the four of them stopped talking. Only the chewing sounds coming from Chloee could be heard from time to time.

"All of you are thinking too much. It is going to be just fine~"

Chloee snorted as she raised her chocolate bar towards the ceiling of the room.

"Shut up, Shannon!" Chloee shouted. "Only fools will set you free. We're not gullible children, you know!"

Suddenly, a small purple cloud appeared in the place where Chloee had pointed her chocolate bar. This was Shannon's way of communicating with people outside of her room, but she rarely used it.

Only when she saw things that could potentially harm the academy's interest, would she use this ability to talk to the Headmaster of the Academy, Byron, to inform him of the things that were happening in the world.

"Chloee, it's not what you think," Shannon replied. "I have Divine Artifacts that can keep my Divinity from leaking out. If I wear them, I would be able to step into the outside world for a month without endangering anyone."

Chloee snorted unconvinced. "Let's say that I believed you. What happens after a month? Would you return to the academy and allow yourself to be bound by chains once again? I think not. Don't try to sweet talk us into this, missy!"

"... You know, I'm starting to dislike you," Shannon replied. "I promise that I will return to the academy before the power of the artifacts wears off. I swear it upon my true name."

Chloee ignored her words and returned to eating her chocolate bar. The little fairy knew that the outside world was a very tempting place to explore, especially for someone who had been stuck inside a shrine since the day she was born.

Many people had already died trying to find ways to help Shannon control the power of her divinity, but all of them failed in the end. Even William wasn't able to last long when facing her, even after Chiffon merged with his body.

Aamon wanted his daughter to experience happiness as well. If she could live her life like a normal girl, he would be extremely happy. This was why he had asked William to set Shannon free as his final request.

Not as a God, but a father who dearly loved his daughter.

While everyone was pondering their next course of action, Elliot opened his eyes as he breathed a sigh of relief.

"It can work," Elliot declared. "We can take Shannon with us."

Chloee, who was eating the chocolate bar, almost choked after hearing Elliot's words, who was seated beside her.

"Are you nuts?!" Chloee shouted as she pointed her little finger at Elliot's face. "Do you plan to commit mass murder? Wait. forget about a mass murder. What you want to happen is a mass genocide, right?"

Elliot chuckled nervously because Chloee had raised the chocolate bar in her hand. From her posture, it was very obvious that she was planning to swat Elliot with the snack in her hand.

"Relax, Chloee," Elliot said with both of his hands raised in surrender. "Believe me when I say that Shannon would be able to help us. Also, she would indeed be harmless for a month, if she keeps the artifacts she has in her possession on."

"No means no!" Chloee stated before shifting her gaze to Princess Aila. "If you persist with this folly, I will tell Celeste and the Headmaster about your plans. Let's see if you can leave the academy then!"

Princess Aila's face became grim because she could tell that Chloee's threat was genuine. Because of this, she shifted her gaze towards Elliot, who was wearing a serious expression on his face.

This was the first time that Princess Aila saw Elliot with this appearance because Conan's twin brother always had an angelic smile on his face.

"William's life is in danger," Elliot stated. "I don't care if you agree or not. You can stay here in the academy if you like, but I will go. We will all go!"

Chloee raised the chocolate bar and swatted Elliot without holding back. However, the angelic familiar had turned into a small lightning bolt and easily escaped her attack.

"Chloee, I will say this again. William's life is in danger," Elliot declared. "You know about my ability. I don't care whether you believe it or not, but we are going. With, or without you."

"Hmp! Let's see if you can do it then!" Chloee shouted before flying towards the window.

None of them stopped her, because none of them could.

"Oh, no! What should we do if she tells Ms. Celeste or Sir Byron about this matter?" Princess Aila asked in a worried tone.

Elliot turned his head to look at Princess Aila with a smile. "Don't worry. She won't tell anyone. However, we need to make preparations."

The little angel then looked up at the purple cloud that was hovering on the ceiling before voicing his plan.

"We will leave at this time three days from now," Elliot announced. "Make the necessary preparations on your end, Shannon. Make sure to bring your brush and canvas with you."

"I don't plan on leaving them behind," Shannon replied. "But why should we leave in three days? Leaving tonight is better, no?"

Elliot shook his head. Although leaving now would indeed be a good decision in Shannon's eyes, it would in fact have the opposite effect.

Although he knew that Chloee wouldn't tell anyone about what they talked inside the room, that could change if they really tried to free Shannon tonight.

Elliot knew that Chloee was still feeling angry, and angry people couldn't think properly in their current state. If they did anything that might provoke her, she would definitely head straight to Celeste and Byron in order to get the two of them to stop Alia and company from freeing the one person that could cause mass genocide by simply existing.

Elliot understood that Chloee was only thinking of their safety, which was why she was against the plan to work with Shannon. Also, he still had loose ends that needed tying up, and he wouldn't leave until they were done.

"For now, don't go anywhere near the shrine," Elliot ordered. "Heck, it would be best if you don't leave this room for two days. Let Conan bring your meals to you, Aila. We mustn't do anything to provoke Chloee right now."Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Understood." Princess Aila nodded her head in acknowledgement. Right now, she was depending on everyone to help her go to the Demonic Continent. If this was the only way that she could see William and understand her true feelings, then she was willing to risk it all.

—-

"What?! You're leaving, Master?!" a chubby boy with blonde hair and blue eyes looked tearfully at Elliot who was standing in front of him.

"Yes." Elliot nodded. "I leave in three days time. Thorfinn, you should continue your training while I'm not around. Do you understand?"

"B-But Master, without you around, how will I be able to practice lightning magic?"

"Silly boy. Even without me, welding lightning for you is the same as breathing. Believe me when I say that you are far stronger than me, once you unleash your full potential."

The chubby boy wailed as he hugged the twelve-year-old boy, who had saved him from being bullied by his classmates in Hestia Academy. As one of Wiliam's familiar, Elliot enjoyed the prestige that the Half-Elf had achieved after conquering the Tower of Babylon.

Because of this, many people didn't want to be on his bad side. Contrary to his angelic looks, the little familiar carried grudges, and these grudges were paid in full when it was least expected.

When Elliot declared that Thorfinn would become his right hand man, all the bullies stopped pestering the chubby boy, and made peace with him. This event made Thorfinn indebted to Elliot.

After discovering that the person he had saved on a whim had an innate talent for learning lightning magic, Elliot didn't spare any expense and started to train him.

Lightning magic was a very rare magic, and anyone who possessed it was treated with great respect by the other races, and hated by the Demon Race.

The only problem with Thorfinn was that the magic veins in his body were not functioning properly. Because of this, the only thing that Thorfinn could do was make some small sparks, with his hands, which was only good for parlor tricks.

Fortunately, Elliot was a wielder of lightning magic, and the first thing he did was revitalize Thorfinn's innate talent by electrocuting his body everyday.

After a month of electrotherapy, the lightning veins inside Thorfinn's body healed at a rapid rate, which allowed him to shoot lightning from his fingertips, which made him incredibly happy.

However, before he could even rejoice, Elliot told him that he should keep his ability as a secret, or the Demons would come and kill him.

Thorfinn treated Elliot's words like the words of a Messiah, and didn't show his ability in public. The two of them would often go to secluded places together in order to train Thorfinn's ability until he had complete mastery over it.

"Thorfinn, listen to me, and listen well," Elliot said as he reached out to pat the crying teenager's shoulder. "I have nothing more to teach you. However, in the two days that I am here, I will give you one final test."

"No, Master, don't leave me!" Thorfinn pleaded as he hugged Elliot tighter. "I still have many things to learn. You still haven't taught me on how to peek into the girl's changing room without being seen.

"You still haven't told me how to take a girl out on a date, and ensure that she will give me a kiss before we go our separate ways. Master, there are still many things that you need to teach me."

Elliot sighed. He had indeed not taught his disciple on how to snag a beautiful lady and sweep her off her feet, but he didn't have the time to do that.

"Thorfinn, listen to me," Elliot said as he patted the head of the crying teenager. "While it is true that I still haven't taught you how to make girls fall in love with you, that is not important. What is important is that you never waver in the face of adversities. Life is full of challenges. You know that famous saying, right?"

"What famous saying, Master?"

"What doesn't kill you…"

"Will kill me another time?"

Elliot nodded. "So, in order to prevent that from happening, I will give you the magic words to make all your dreams come true. Listen well, because I will not repeat it a second time."

Thorfinn pulled back and wiped the tears from his eyes. He then looked at his Master with a serious expression, as he listened to the words he was going to say to him.

Elliot smiled as he said the magic words that would make his Disciple's dreams come true. However, he added that he should only say these words as a last resort, or risk Divine Punishment from the heavens.