Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1012 - Through Damnation And Beyond

Two days after Princess Aila, Conan, Elliot, Chloee, and Shannon had their meeting…

"Why have you called me to this secluded place, Elliot?" Chloee asked with her arms crossed over her chest. "If you plan to convince me, don't bother. My answer will not change."

Elliot smiled bitterly after hearing Chloee's words. Although his purpose for bringing her here wasn't for the sake of convincing her to collaborate with them, her outright rejection still gave him a headache.

"I didn't call you here for that," Elliot answered. "The reason why I ask you to come here is to fight."

"What? You plan to fight?"

"Yes. Fight."

Chloee grinned evilly as she transformed into a twelve-year-old girl, making the ground under her feet crumble due to the force she was releasing.

"Good," Chloee stated. "I've always wanted to punch that face of yours. Have I told you before? I hate looking at your smile. It looks so fake."

"My goodness, such a barbaric lady." Elliot wiped the smile from his face, because he knew that the young lady in front of him wasn't joking. "I said that I asked you to come here to fight, but I didn't say that I would be the one to fight against you."

"Hah? What kind of b*ll crap are you spouting all of a sudden?!" Chloee shouted. "If you want to fight then fight! Who dares to challenge me?!"

Elliot struck a pose as he pointed his finger at Chloee. "Come out, Thorfinn."

A lightning bolt descended in front of Elliot, and from it, a chubby boy stepped forward.

"I am the one who will fight you," Thorfinn said. "You ugly little piece of sh*t!"

"Hoh… you sure have some guts, Porkchop," Chloee said as took a fighting stance. "Do you know who I am?"

Thorfinn nodded. "The Juggernaut of Hestia Academy. I've long known who you are, you pathetic little twerp. Remember my name, and remember it well. My name is…"

The chubby boy wasn't able to finish his words because Chloee had vanished from where she stood. Immediately, she reappeared right in front of him, and delivered a blow that was enough to turn a Millennial Beast into meat paste.

Fortunately, Thorfinn had expected this to happen, so he immediately turned into a lightning bolt and evaded Chloee's deadly attack.

"Is that your best?" Thorfinn taunted. "My grandma moves faster than you, little b*tch!"

"You f*cking pig, I'll murder you!" Chloee shouted as she once again charged at Thorfinn, this time using her ability to break the laws of the world in order to double her speed.

For a brief second, the world slowed down in front of Thorfinn's eyes. He could clearly see Chloee's hate-filled expression as well as her fist that was only inches away from his face. In that moment of life and death, Thorfinn once again turned into a lightning bolt, barely evading Chloee's attack by a fraction of a second.

'That was close!' Thorfinn thought anxiously as he appeared several meters above the ground. 'I almost died in that clas—'

The chubby boy wasn't able to finish his words because he once again turned into a lightning bolt, barely evading Chloee's attack for the second time.

Soon, Thorfinn found himself backing away as he tried to keep himself alive from Chloee's relentless attack. He didn't have any time to counter-attack and was doing his best to evade the juggernaut whose bloodshot eyes spelled his doom.

Every second that passed, had made him realize that death was only a mistake away from happening.

Every minute that passed, felt like he was living years of his life.

This one-sided dog-fight in the air continued for a quarter of an hour. All Thorfinn did was evade, and all Chloee did was attack.

Even though she was indeed very powerful, she couldn't close that gap. The chubby boy was faster than her by a heartbeat.

Soon, the two challengers reappeared in the air, facing each other.

"My name is Thorfinn El Hazzard," Thorfinn declared. "Remember the name of the man who will teach you that you can't kill, what you can't hit. Remember that, Chloee Dy Wisteria!"

The smile on Chloee's face widened as she increased the power output of her body.

"I admit that I underestimated you, Porkchop," Chloee replied with a devilish smile on her face. "But you see, I was only using thirty percent of my power right now. I thought that it was enough to crush a bug like you. But, I guess I was wrong."

Golden lightning snaked around Chloee's body, as her long blonde hair fluttered in the breeze, making her look like a War Goddess.

"It's not only you who can use Lightning Magic," Chloee said. "I can use it too."

Chloee turned into a golden lightning bolt as she shot towards Thorfinn without any warning.

"Now die!" Chloee shouted as she punched without holding back.

Thorfinn had already turned into a lightning bolt, but Chloee's speed has surpassed his. Just as her punch was about to smash his face, it was met with a punch that contained as much destructive powers as hers.

A powerful shockwave spread across their surroundings, and Thorfinn was blown away by the impact.

"Hmp! I knew that you would not stand by and let that Porkchop die in my hands," Chloee snorted as she tried to push Elliot, who had faced her attack head-on, back.

"Thorfinn is my only disciple, so I can't possibly let him die under my watch," Elliot stated.

"Good. Then I guess I'll just have to kill you first, Mr. Fake Smile. That way, I can finally rid you of that mask you always wear."

"My goodness. Fine. Bring it on, Pancake Girl. Let's see if your puny fist can reach me. Don't think that using William's remnant powers, that you absorbed after we merged last time, will do you any good."

As soon as Elliot finished talking, two golden lightning bolts zigzagged across the sky. Each time they clashed, a blinding flash of light would spread across the heavens, followed by a thunderous roar.

Thorfinn watched the battle from afar with a serious expression on his face. Every move the two made, he remembered. Every exchange of blows, he embedded them in his soul.

As the two familiars fought for what they believed in their hearts. A certain girl, who was trapped inside the shrine that had served as her prison for nineteen years, drew on her canvas.

"Beautiful," Shannon said softly as she painted the two familiars that were making a commotion in the skies near Hestia Academy.

She had seen many battles before.

Battles that were fought amongst the truly powerful in this world. Although Chloee's and Elliot's battle wasn't at the level where it could demolish entire cities, their battle was simply too beautiful in her eyes.

Two familiars, fighting for what they believed in, and staking their lives on the line to overpower each other, made her heart skip a beat. In their original forms, they were quite small, only as big as a hand.

But right now, in her eyes, they were like two massive stars, whose light illuminated the entire world.

"More," Shannon muttered. "I want more. I want to see things I've never seen before. I want to feel things I've never felt before. This world is my canvas, and I want to paint the greatest masterpiece that would be idolized for eternity! Bring me to that brand new world… make me a part of that world!"

The young lady's hair color, and fox ears turned black as her eyes turned golden. Her brush danced in front of her canvas, never missing even the smallest detail of the battle that was currently being waged in the heavens.

On the ground, Conan who sat on Princess Aila's shoulder stared at his twin brother who was giving his everything to fight for what he believed was right.

"Kekeke," Conan chuckled softly. "Beautiful isn't it, Aila?"

"Yes," Princess Aila replied. "Sometimes I wonder if love is worth fighting for, but then I remember his face and I'm ready for war."

"Good. Because that is where we are headed… we are going to war."Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"Take me there, Conan. Bring me to his side."

The little devil grinned as he nodded his head. Princess Aila's heart-felt request made the fire in his little heart burn brightly, like it did a thousand years ago.

"I will take you there, Aila," Conan vowed. "Even if I have to go through damnation, and beyond."