Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1015 - Our Daughter Might Have Developed A Crush On Him

Aamon sighed as he massaged his face with both hands. He had heard from his significant other that their daughter had escaped from Hestia Academy, and was headed to the Demon Continent.

After regaining his calm, he closed his eyes as he pondered on the things that he could do for her daughter, which was very limited. He was the patron God of the Kraetor Empire, and yet, there was no one that he could ask to go look for his daughter in the Demon Realm.

Although he was a God, there were certain restrictions that were placed over him that prevented him from directly interfering with the affairs of the mortal realm. Because of this, Aamon's hands were tied.

"Is there really no other way?" Aamon muttered as he tapped the arm rest of his throne with his hand. After pondering for ten minutes, he realized that there was nothing that he could do for his daughter at this point in time.Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

He then looked at the image of the beautiful woman in front of him, who had a sad expression on her face.

"Don't worry, no one can harm our daughter," Aamon said with a serious expression on his face.

The beautiful woman shook her head. "I am more worried about the people that will be unlucky enough to cross her path. We both knew that this would happen sooner or later, so we prepared the artifacts for her. For the time being, the worst case scenario is not going to happen… probably."

Aamon nodded his head in understanding. Fate worked in mysterious ways and even they, as Gods, were subject to its whims. What more could ordinary mortals do against it?

"You said that she was headed to the Demon Continent," Aamon stated. "Do you know why exactly?"

The beautiful woman was about to shake her head, but stopped mid-way.

"I only have a hunch, but I guess she plans to meet with William."

"Him? Why him?"

The beautiful woman sighed as she closed her eyes.

"Her recent drawings are all about him," the beautiful woman answered. "Although I am not a hundred percent certain, I think our daughter is interested in him."

"Only interest?" Aamon arched an eyebrow. "Nothing more than pure interest?"

The beautiful woman shrugged because she also didn't know the answer to his question. Her daughter had no chances to interact with the Half-Elf on an extended basis, aside from her paintings.

William had tried, but her daughter's Divinity was too much for the Half-Elf to handle, even if he merged with one of his wives.

"Wait, let me call someone who is more knowledgeable in this thing," Aamon said as he sent a message to a friend of his through telepathy.

A few seconds later, Sancus, the God of Contracts, appeared in Aamon's throne room.

"What's wrong? Do you need me to prepare a special contract for you?" Sancus asked.

"No, my friend," Aamon replied. "I called you here to ask for your help. I know that you are very knowledgeable, so you are my best bet in this matter."

"Fumu, indeed. I am one of the wisest Gods around."

"You forgot to add the word scheming in your introduction."

Sancus chuckled as he made a gesture for Aamon to continue what he was planning to tell him.

"You see, my daughter has gone to the Demon Continent," Aamon stated. "And, we highly suspect that she has gone there to see William."

"Are you talking about Gavin's follower? That William?" Sancus asked as he played with his beard.

"Yes. I don't want to say this, but our daughter might have developed a crush on him."

"Mmm, that's fairly normal for girls her age, no?"

Aamon and the beautiful woman nodded. However, the thing that bothered them was how William would react to their daughter's feelings.

The beautiful woman told Sancus of the possible reason why her daughter found William interesting, and the God of Contracts smiled when she finished her story.

"Isn't this just a common fangirl scenario?" Sancus asked. "I think in your daughter's eyes, William is one of her favorite actors. You see, in William's previous world called Earth, there are these famous young actors, and boy bands that girls go gaga about.

"Whenever they see them, they can't help but feel excited and want their autograph. I think your daughter's feelings are similar to this. She decided to sneak outside of the house to meet her favorite actor and get to know him better."

Aamon and the beautiful woman were finally enlightened about their daughter's actions after hearing Sancus' words. Just like the God of Contracts said, for Shannon, William was her favorite actor and she was dying to meet him in real life.

"But our daughter carries a powerful ability in her body," the beautiful woman stated and proceeded to tell Sancus about Shannon's peculiarity.

"Interesting, but there is no need for concern," Sancus replied. "After all, William had Donger with him. Actually, I am more scared about your daughter meeting with William. Who knows? The next time you see her, she might be carrying a little William in her belly."

Aamon, who was seated on his throne, immediately stood up and grabbed hold of Sancus' collar, almost choking him.

"What did you say just now?!" Aamon asked with a serious expression on his face.

"The next time you see your daughter, she might be carrying a little William in her belly?" Sancus answered with a confused look on his face.

"No! Before that!"

"William had Donger with him?"

Aamon's and the beautiful woman's faces turned pale when they heard Sancus' words. All the Gods knew what Donger was, and its reputation was something that all the Goddesses abhorred.

Because of this, Sancus was forced to seal Donger and prevent it from appearing in the Multiverse again. However, the seal wasn't omnipotent and the chances of Donger breaking through it were getting higher with each passing year.

"Take Donger back now!" Aamon said. "If that filthy thing touches my daughter, I'll fight you to the death!"

"Now, calm down," Sancus replied as he patted Aamon's shoulder. "Although William has Donger, the boy has refused to use it. Because of this, he stored it in a place where it doesn't pose any threat to anyone. Your daughter will be just fine."

"Are you sure about this? Are you sure that William will not use it?"

"Sure I'm sure. Donger has been with him for several years, and it is still safe and sound. Your daughter will be fine."

Aamon and the beautiful woman breathed a sigh of relief after hearing Sancus' confident answer. Although they wanted their daughter to be happy, they didn't want her to suffer any harm. Donger was an existence that all Goddesses loathed. Even the Goddess of Lust, Eros hated it with a vengeance. This was how dangerous Donger's existence was to the world.

After having a bit of small talk, Sancus finally left Hell and returned to the Temple of the Gods.

'Oh! I forgot to tell them that Donger has one unusual ability and that is to immediately come to its owner's rescue during unusual circumstances,' Sancus thought. 'Well, I guess it's going to be fine. As long as that girl Shanon doesn't do anything reckless, Donger will continue to be locked up inside William's mailbox.'

The God of Contracts hummed as he returned to his stall, which was managed by a few of his followers. As the God that presided over contracts, he had a duty to uphold all the terms that were written in them.

Just like the contract that Donger made with him, Sancus would do everything in his power to ensure that the promise he had made with Donger hundreds of years ago would finally become a reality.