Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1017 - Special Aromatherapy

(Disclaimer: Don't eat, or drink when reading this chapter. You have been warned.)

William returned to his carriage and summoned a grumpy Vesta out of the Thousand Beast Domain.

The green-haired beauty had completely become a game-addict, and she was not pleased to have her gaming time disturbed.

"Sorry, but we have a situation," William said as he explained the details to the green-haired beauty who had a frown on her face.

"The Rhanes Clan? They are one of the Clans that had a pacifist mentality," Vesta stated. "It's quite unfortunate that the apples that were born from a fine tree turned sour. Fine, I'll handle this."

Vesta disembarked from the carriage with an arrogant look on her face. As the proud daughter of one of the Demigods in the continent, her persuasive ability was the real deal. Very few would deny her what she wanted, and those who did found themselves face to face with an angry Black Dragon, who spoiled his daughter very much.

"I am Vesta Cy Agni," Vesta declared as she stood beside Kira. "Who dares block my path?"

Orryn, who had a haughty attitude earlier, immediately narrowed his eyes as he looked at the young lady whose beauty and fame reached far and wide.

"I am Orryn Di Rhanes," Orryn bowed as he introduced himself. "It's a pleasure to meet the gem of the South. If Lady Vesta wished to enter the city, I would gladly open the gates for you and become your host. However, only you may enter. The rest are not allowed to step foot inside the city."

"I am not asking you to let me enter the city, I am ordering you to let me enter the city along with my entourage," Vesta replied crispily. "You have no qualifications to block my way. If you really insist on making things difficult for me, I will be more than happy to tell my father to visit your Clan's Main Residence and have you punished with your Family's Laws."

Orryn kept the smile on his face as if Vesta's threat wasn't a big deal. He even chuckled as he fanned himself with the fan in his hand, as he looked down on the green-haired beauty who was glaring at him in irritation.

"I'm afraid I can't do that, Lady Vesta," Orryn replied. "The Gremory Clan and our Rhanes Clan have formed a partnership. This partnership has the blessings of the Demon Lord, and I would greatly appreciate it if you don't intervene in these political affairs."

"So, you mean to say that you won't let us enter the city?" Vesta asked.

"Lady Vesta, like I said earlier, you are more than welcome to enter the city," Orryn answered with a smile. "But, only you alone are welcome. The rest should just stay here at the gates and wait for your return."

"Okay." Vesta nodded as she walked towards William. "I did my best. Now let me go back."

The corner of William's lips twitched before nodding his head. The green-haired beauty then hurriedly climbed the carriage to enter the portal that William had created inside it.

In truth, she didn't really want to intervene in the geopolitical situation of the continent because her father had told her not to stick her hands in politics. Since that was the case, she didn't put much effort in trying to convince Orryn to let them enter the city.

"Okay, time for Plan B," William muttered with a smile.

Without warning, William turned into a lightning bolt and appeared behind Orryn who was standing proudly on the top of the city gates.

The Half-Elf kicked the arrogant young man, and sent him flying off of the gates and out of the city, where he landed face first on the desert sand.

"You bastard! How dare you hurt me?!" Orryn shouted in anger and shame. "Do you know who I am?!"Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

William appeared in front of the young man and clapped his hands together.

"Spoken like a true third rate villain," William replied. "I don't care who you are, or who your daddy, mommy, grandpa, or grandma is. Since you refuse to let us enter, I will make you pay the price of your arrogance. Sha, will you do the honors? Just tie up his hands and feet, so he can't move."

Sha nodded and waved his hand. As a Demon that specialized in manipulating sand, the desert was like his home turf. Even Myriad Beasts would have a headache fighting him if they fought in a desert.

"Stop! What do you think you're doing?!" Orryn shouted at Wiliam before turning his head towards the guards who were watching the commotion from on top of the city gates. "Oi! You bastards! Come here and help me!"

William chuckled as he summoned the most horrifying weapon in his arsenal. He was certain that after he was done with Orryn, the latter would flee if he caught sight of the Half-Elf.

"You know, I am a very kind person," William said as he walked towards Orryn while holding a chamberpot in his right hand. "But, there are times when I can be evil beyond comparison. This is one of those times. Your name is Orryn, right? Well, congratulations! You will be the third person to experience this out of this world experience."

"W-Wait! Why are you holding that thing?!" Orryn felt the scalp of his head turn cold as he looked at the chamberpot in the black-haired teenager's hands. "What are you planning to do?"

"The time for talk is over," William grinned evilly as the chamberpot's lid opened. "It's time for you… to eat sh*t, motherf*cker!"

The guards who were about to help Orryn all froze from where they stood, when they saw the small hill of night soil that buried the second oldest son of the Rhanes Clan.

"So vile!"

"How evil!"

"S-Sh*t!"

None of the guards dared to help Orryn because William had glanced in their direction.

The Half-Elf's eyes were smiling as if he was inviting them to join Orryn in his special "aromatherapy" treatment that made everyone who saw it uncontrollably shudder due to how horrifying William's method was.