Chapter 1018 -Desert Battle [Part 1]

"Sir, please hurry," one of Orryn's aides said pleadingly to the sharp-eyed young man, who seemed to be in his mid-twenties. "That person is so disrespectful. His actions alone make it seem like the Rhanes Clan is nothing in his eyes."

"Nothing in his eyes?" the sharp-eyed young man snorted. "He must be a foreigner. In the Fortaare Desert, there is no one that doesn't know who the Rhanes Clan is."

"It is as you said, Young Master. He is simply a barbarian who knows nothing of the world."

"Let's hurry along then. I want to see this person who dares to disrespect my clan's name."

"Yes, Young Master!"Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

As the sharp-eyed young man headed towards the gate, an old man with a long-white-beard watched him from afar.

The corners of the old man's lips were raised with a smile. Although he was old, his features were still prominent, which showed that he was once a handsome man who made all the girls swoon over him.

'Kira, you've brought some interesting people,' the Patriarch of the Sand Clan, and Kira's grandfather, Zeph Al Wrynn, mused. 'It seems that Walric and his brother Orryn are going to suffer some losses today.'

Zeph narrowed his eyes as he made a beckoning gesture. A few seconds later, a middle-aged man appeared beside him.

"Father, is it fine to leave things the way they are now?" Kira's father, Favian, inquired in a respectful tone. "The Patriarch of the Rhanes Clan is currently very ill. If Walric and Orryn suffer some grievances in our territory, they might get even with us after they become the next Patriarch of their Clan."

Zeph hummed as he played with his beard. "The first and the second son are allies. The third and the fourth son have also recently formed an alliance to fight against them. In this two-way struggle for the seat of Patriarch, I am leaning more towards the third child, but our family has remained neutral all this time. It is in our best interest to keep it that way."

Favian nodded his head with a bitter expression on his face. They had already told the two brothers that they didn't plan to choose any faction in this power struggle, and yet, they were powerless against them. Walric had somehow managed to get the token of the Patriarch of the Rhanes Clan, and used it to declare martial law in their city. The oldest son of the bed-ridden Patriarch, was a very bull-headed person. He was someone that wouldn't take no for an answer, and had already considered himself to be the new heir of the Rhanes Clan.

Anyone who defied his orders would be punished. This was why the Sand Clan was forced to go into lock-down with no one coming in or going out of the city. Walric vowed that the lock-down would be in effect as long as the Sand Clan refused to become part of his faction.

He had also mentioned that any uprising would be quelled by execution, so the Sand Clan had issued a decree to their citizens to remain in their houses for the time being, until their current, yet dire, predicament passed.

"Father, are we going to the city gate as well?" Favian asked. "I'm afraid that Kira might get into trouble if we don't go to mediate things."

"It's fine. Let's stay here," Zeph answered with a smile. "Kira will be safe. Also, I am not confident that I will not be able to hold back my laughter if I see Orryn's sorry state up close. Even now, I am doing my best to prevent myself from laughing."

Favian sighed before nodding his head. Just like his father, he could also see what was happening outside the city gates. It was one of the special abilities of the Wrynn Family. They were able to see great distances, as long as they used their bloodline power alongside their vision.

'I wonder how this little farce will end?' Zeph smirked as he placed his hands behind his back. Although he was a carefree person, the two brothers had made things difficult for him and his Clan. Even though he kept a respectful stance on the surface, deep inside, he was giving the two annoying brats the middle finger in his heart.

—--

"S-Stop! Please! I beg you!" Orryn pleaded as his head poked out of the small hill of night soil. "I apologize for what I said earlier. I give you permission to enter the city!"

William smirked as he stood over a dozen meters away from the arrogant young man, who was having the time of his life.

"Nah, I'm good," William replied as he waved his hand. "I don't mind staying here for a few hours. It has been a while since I smelled some fresh air."

The Half-Elf took a deep breath and smiled, which made the city guards, as well as Zhu, Sha, Kira, and Athrun have the strong urge to spit at him.

What fresh air?

You call that fresh air?

Bruh, do you live in the sewers or something?

The Half-Elf had disabled his sense of smell with the help of Optimus, so he wasn't too bothered about the smell around him.

His friends on the other hand had moved a hundred meters away from him, and Athrun even used the power of the wind to blow the annoying smell towards the city gates, as per William's orders.

The guards' faces were already turning green due to the diabolical fragrance that was lingering around them. Some of them were even holding their breaths, for long periods of time, in order to endure the "aromatherapy" that they were being subjected to.

Suddenly, a cold and demanding voice spoke from the Ramparts, which made Orryn's expression change drastically. It was as if he had seen his savior who would save him from the situation he was in.

"Stop this at once!" Walric shouted. "In the name of the Rhanes Clan, I order you to stop!"

William turned his head to look at the sharp-eyed young man, who was quite charming in his own right. The Half-Elf's first impression of the oldest son of the Rhanes Clan was a true militant, who would declare war on his neighbors if he had the opportunity to do so.

"Are you this guy's brother?" William asked as he used his thumb to point backwards at Orryn who was currently shouting to his brother for help.

"I am," Walric answered. "My name is Walric and I'm the oldest son of the Patriarch of the Rhanes Clan. State your name and affiliation!"

"Sorry, but you don't have the qualifications to know," William replied. "Are you also the one responsible for declaring Martial Law in this city?"

Walric sneered. "You don't have the qualifications to ask me that, Mongrel. I order you to release my brother and surrender yourself to receive your punishment."

William smirked as he turned into a lightning bolt and appeared behind Walric.

"Since you are also responsible for this mess, go and join your brother," William said as he kicked Walric's back that sent the latter flying towards the hill of night soil. "Eat sh*t, motherf*cker!"

Everything happened so fast that Walric didn't have to react. The next thing he knew was that his head was only a few inches away from the hill his brother was buried in. A few seconds later, a squelching sound was heard as Walric smashed onto the night soil, face first."

Kira's jaw almost dropped to the ground when he saw the unbelievable scene in front of him. To him and the Sand Clan, the Rhanes Clan were people they couldn't afford to offend. However, his Bro, William, didn't give a f*ck and treated them like trash.

'Damn! I wish I could do that as well!' Kira could feel his blood boiling inside his body, as he looked at the two arrogant brothers who were currently buried in a hill of the most smelly sh*t in the multiverse.

Somewhere in the city, a loud roar of laughter reverberated in the air. It sounded so amusing, that William couldn't help but laugh alongside it. The laughter that came from the heart, reminded him of his Grandpa, James, who would often laugh like this when he was in a good mood.

ρꪖꪁⅆꪖ ꪁꪫꪚⅇꪶ Suddenly, the hill of sh*t exploded, sending the filth flying everywhere.

Sha raised his hand and a wall made of sand blocked the approaching projectiles, keeping them at bay.

William raised his hand and a small tornado appeared, sucking up the filth and sending it in a different direction. He then gazed at the two brothers, whose entire bodies were covered in sh*t and smiled.

"So, sons of the Rhanes Clan, are you going to scram, or do you want to get buried a second time?" William asked as he showed them the chamberpot in his hand. "There's more where that came from, you know?"

Walric glared at William, while Orryn's body shuddered uncontrollably.

As a proud member of the Rhanes Clan, he had never been humiliated like this. However, for some reason, Orryn had developed some kind of fear toward the smiling black-haired teenager, who was holding the cursed chamber port in his hand.

Walric, on the other hand, was raging in anger. As the oldest son of one of the three Major Clans that ruled the desert, he would not allow anyone to treat him in this manner.

"You're dead!" Walric shouted as he raised the token of the patriarch of the Rhanes Clan in his hand. "Come forth and kill this ignorant fool in front of me. Tear him to pieces, Fortaare Death Worm!"