Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1019 - Desert Battle [Part 2]

A thousand-meter-long giant desert worm materialized behind Walric, whose anger had reached its peak.

The Fortaare Death Worm couldn't see, but it was able to use its powerful sense of hearing, as well as its uncanny ability to detect every living creature in its environment.

Anyone who held the token of the Patriarch of the Rhanes Clan, would be able to order it around, and since Walric had designated William as its target, the Death Worm opened its gigantic mouth to utter a deafening shriek towards the Half-Elf.

"This reminds me of my battle with Apophis," William muttered as he rubbed his chin. "Peak Myriad Beast. Not bad."

Walric and Orryn expected that William would panic and beg for forgiveness after seeing their clan's powerful summon. However, William was unfazed. In fact, he even looked amused as he looked at the Desert Worm, whose entire body could easily crush the city that belonged to the Sand Clan.

—--

< Fortaare Death Worm >

– Devourer Beast of the Desert

– Threat Level: Myriad (High)

– Peak Myriad Beast

– Cannot be added to the Herd

– The Fortaare Death Worm is the largest and most powerful monster in the Fortaare Desert. According to legend, It is said that this monstrous beast, who moves in the desert like a fish in water, is as old as the very desert itself.

– Do not be fooled by its massive size, because it can move very fast in the sand. It is the Apex predator of the desert, and no other beast within the desert is able to challenge its sovereignty. Even flying wyverns are no match for this creature, and are treated as its snacks. Dragons, on the other hand, steer clear of its territory in order to avoid unnecessary conflicts.

– It is highly resistant to physical, and magical attacks, which makes fighting against it a hurdle even for Myriad Beasts of the same rank.

– When angered, this monster can cause earthquakes, destroying entire cities in a span of a minute.

—--

"Not bad," William muttered as he continued to rub his chin. "I still have one pocket cube with me. This beast will suit me nicely."

The Half-Elf turned into a lightning bolt and headed towards the giant monster with a wide grin on his face. Although the Death Worm was a peak Myriad Beast, he had nothing to fear, because his Vampire Progenitor Prestige Class was of the same rank.

Cassey watched William with her arms crossed over her chest. She had seen how William fought in the past, but she wasn't able to truly gauge how strong he was.

'This is a good opportunity to see what you are made of,' Cassey thought as a smile appeared on her pretty face. 'The Death Worm is not an easy opponent. I wonder what tricks you will pull from your sleeve?'

Zeph, the Patriarch of the Sand Clan, had a frown on his face as he looked at the Death Worm in the distance.

'This could be a problem,'' Zeph thought as held his own token in his hand. He was no longer laughing, and his expression was grim.

The Giant Desert Worm was how the Rhanes Clan had become one of the three overlords of the desert. If the current Patriarch wasn't a pacifist, he would have already united the desert Clans under the banner of his family.

This was why Walric wanted to become the Patriarch of his Clan so badly. He knew that once he had unleashed this monster from its long rest, he would become the one true master of the desert.

Suddenly, a resounding clap echoed in the desert as Wiliam's fist connected with the scaled head of the Death Worm which made the Half-Elf wince.

'This is harder than I thought,' William thought as he followed up with a kick that sent the head of the Death Worm swaying to its right side.

William didn't hold back in his attack, but the Death Worm was a pure physical beast. Its defenses, as well as its physical prowess, were at the peak of the Myriad Realm. The Vampire Progenitor was a balanced type that was good in both physical and magical attacks.

However, because of the Giant Worm's near immunity to magic, and strong defenses that could withstand his physical attacks, the Half-Elf knew that he had to be resourceful if he wanted to beat his opponent.

'Optimus, can you modify THAT thing?' William asked.

< I can, but it won't be enough to make your plan work. You need to weaken it a lot first. >

'I know, just modify it for now. I will think of a way to deal with this thing.'

< Understood. >

William swapped his Job Class to his prestige class, Champion of the Sun, which was the second form of the Sun Knight Job Class. Although this Job Class was weaker than the Vampire Progenitor, William was confident that he would be able to use its ability to the fullest, given his current circumstances.

Stepping on Soleil's body, William zigzagged across the desert to avoid the Death Worm's furious attacks. He was luring it away from the city in order to prevent Kira's Clan from getting entangled with the battle he was about to wage against the most powerful creature of the desert.

The jewel on his chest glowed brightly, and several tablets came flying out of it. They then encircled William's body as he continued to dodge the attacks of the giant monster, who had resorted to spitting some kind of acid, because it was unable to land a decisive blow on the slippery Half-Elf, who was using Soleil as a surfboard in the air.

"When the heavens above did not exist,

And earth beneath had not come into being --

There was Apsu, the first in order, their begetter,

And demiurge Tiamat, who gave birth to them all."

William chanted and the tablets around him started to shine brightly.

"Mother of Creation, ruler of every creature in the world, I call upon your mercy," William said with determination. "Come to my aid, so my enemies will get a taste of your overwhelming might. Support me with your heavenly blessing, and grant me your sacred favor."

The tablets flew towards the sky to create a seven-pointed star that encompassed the clear blue sky of the desert with its radiance.

"Let the world tremble at your greatness!" William roared as he raised his hand towards the heavens, while looking down on the Giant Death Worm on the ground.

"Enuma Elish!"

An overpowering presence descended upon the battlefield, as a creature of Myths and Legends made its appearance.

A gigantic beautiful lady with two, long, curved horns on her head, emerged from the magic circle that appeared in the sky. Her figure was quite seductive, with eight pairs of wings on her back. The lower half of her body ended in a serpent's body, and its length was at least two kilometers long.

She was more than twice the size of the Giant Death Worm whose aggressiveness suddenly disappeared when she made her appearance.

Tiamat, the Primordial Goddess of Chaos, opened her mouth and screeched, which made the Giant Death Worm cease all hostilities.

Although the Goddess in front of him wasn't the true Tia-mat, her will had been embedded among the seven tablets of creation, allowing William to summon her avatar for a short period of time.

The Primordial Goddess stared down at the Great Death Worm whose body had started to shudder. It didn't need eyes to see because its bestial instincts recognized Tiamat as someone that it couldn't defeat no matter what.

Tiamat made a humming sound, and the Giant Worm bowed its head in submission. It had surrendered completely to the being in front of it, and didn't dare resist whatever the Primordial Goddess planned for it.

< Modification is complete. You can now use it, Will. >

'Thank you, Optimus,' William replied with a smile as he took out the modified pocket cube from his storage ring.

The Half-Elf then tossed it towards the Death Worm whose body shuddered from time to time. When the pocket cube hit its body, the giant monster was sucked up inside the cube, which also grew to the size of a small house.

When the entirety of the Death Worm had been captured, the pocket cube glowed faintly as if waiting for the beast to resist the overwriting of the contract that had been placed on it by the Patriarch of the Rhanes Clan.

The pocket cube had the ability to terminate contracts. However, it would take time for it to do that. The Great Death Worm was a Myriad Beast, and not a Centennial Beast, so it wasn't supposed to be captured by the pocket cube.

However, since Tiamat was there and made the Giant Worm submit, it didn't resist the process of the contract being overwritten, which would have easily destroyed the pocket cube if it had tried.

After twenty grueling seconds, the pocket cube shrank and flew towards William.

The Half-Elf held the cube firmly in his hand as he turned around to bow deeply towards the Primordial Goddess, Tiamat.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

The beautiful lady snorted before turning into particles of light. Just like its owner, the will that resided within the tablets still retained the Primordial Goddess' personality, even after her death.

The seven tablets once again flew towards the gem on William's chest in order to recharge their Divinity. The Half-Elf couldn't help but be grateful for his luck at that time, when he saw the black box in the Treasure Vault of the Vanquished Warlord.

'If I hadn't taken it back then, I might not have defeated Apophis,' William thought in hindsight.

According to Optimus, there were seven wills embedded in each tablet. This also meant that William would be able to summon seven different kinds of Gods, to come to his aid at the right moment.

"Let's see how fast the two of you can run, sons of the Rhanes Clan," William said with a devilish smile on his face. "It's time for payback."