Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1020 - The New Overlord Of The Desert

Due to Tiamat's appearance, a powerful pressure descended on the desert, which made everyone within five miles away from her suffer from an effect that was similar to Dragon's Fear.

Cassey, and Zeph, who were observing the battle from afar, felt that if they continued prying, their eyes would be gouged out of their sockets. Because of this, they immediately lowered their heads, and refrained from looking at the battlefield.

Only when the overwhelming pressure disappeared were the two of them able to muster their courage enough to raise their heads and look at the result of the battle, which they were unable to see until the very end.

However, what they saw made them think that there was something wrong with their eyes.

William stood on top of the Giant Death Worm's head with his hands behind his back, and his robes fluttering in the wind. It was a very surreal sight, which made Cassy and Zeph doubt their eyes for a second.

However, what they were seeing was the reality, so they had no choice but to accept it, no matter how unbelievable it was.

A minute later, the Giant Worm arrived at the city gates, with a smug-faced Half-Elf riding on its back.

"I have returned," William declared as he looked down on the two brothers who were still covered in filth from head to toe. "So, tell me, how do you want this worm to eat the two of you?"Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Orryn, who was the weaker-willed between the two brothers collapsed on the ground as he looked up at William who was smiling at them like a devil. He was so scared that he wasn't able to control his bodily functions, and peed himself on the spot.

Walric, on the other hand, looked up at William with a dumbfounded expression on his face. He never expected that their clan's most powerful protector was now at the beck and call of the black-haired teenager whom he had met for the very first time today.

"Y-You, just who are you?!" Walric stuttered in anger as he glared hatefully at William. "Return our family's protector! Return it to me!"

William took out the fan that he had stolen from Orryn, before covering him in filth, and fanned his face like an aristocraft.

"It seems that you still don't understand your current situation," William said with a sneer. "Right now, this beast belongs to me. Originally, I did not wish to interfere in the affairs of the desert Clans, but since you sent this monster after me, I am more than happy to accept your gift!"

The Giant Desert Worm screeched blowing, the two brothers off the ground and sending them crashing towards the city gates, where they slid down like puppets whose strings had been cut.

William then glared at the guards manning the gate as he pointed his fan in their direction.

"Your Young Master, Kira, has arrived home," William stated. "Are you going to open the gates, or must I open them for you?"

The Giant Death Worm moved its enormous head near the gate, which made the city guards jump back in fright.

"What are you fools doing?! Open the gate and let His Excellency in!"

The Guard Captain hurriedly ordered his men to open the gates, lest they annoy the black-haired teenager, who was now in control with the Lord of the Fortaare Desert. Right now, no one in their right mind would disobey William.

Having the Fortaare Death Worm as his subordinate was akin to owning the entire desert. No one, not even the three Major Clans would dare to close their doors on him.

"Ah, before I forget, take these two pieces of trash away and send them back to where they came from. Also, send a messenger to the Rhanes Family. Tell them that the new Boss of the Desert will give them a visit in a few days. Do I make myself clear?"

"Y-Yes!" The Guard Captain bowed respectfully as he ordered his men to carry the two unconscious troublemakers away.

William smiled as he turned around to give Kira a brief nod.

"Little Bro, let's go," William said. "I am looking forward to your Clan's hospitality."

"O-Okay," Kira stuttered but managed to catch himself just in time. "I will give you the grandest welcome! Food, wine, and women! I will prepare them all for you!"

Charmaine, who happened to be standing beside Kira, stomped her foot on his, which made the young Demon cry out in pain.

"My Master is already married," Charmain stated in a voice that carried a trace of killing intent. "If you value your life, make sure that you remove the women from your plan, got it?"

"Y-Yes! I'm sorry."

"Hmp!"

Charmaine took a step back and lowered her head. She didn't dare to look Wiliam in the eyes because her cheeks were currently burning in shame.

William didn't notice the blush that was creeping on his personal maid's face. He was still in a very good mood because he now had a peak Myriad Beast under his control. Truth be told, Optimus and he had also arrived at the same guess that the Fortaare Death Worm was the strongest Beast under the Demigod Rank in Hestia.

There could be no other beast stronger, or more ferocious than it. Even Dragons wouldn't stand a chance against it even if they worked together. This was why William didn't bat an eye when he decided to capture it for his own.

With the addition of this mighty beast in his King's Legion, William now had the entire Fortaare Desert in the palms of his hands.

Although this wasn't his original intention, the reach of the Gremory Clan was starting to get on his nerves. As the family that was behind his adorable wife's suffering, how could he possibly let them do as they pleased?

This was why William thought of a plan to bring the entire desert region under his command. That way, even if the Gremory Clan decided to stick their hands in their affairs, the Patriarchs of the three Major Clans, as well as their Vassals, would not listen to their commands.

After all, the Gremory Clan's main base was in the North, and they were in the South East. With such a great distance between them, they would be hard-pressed to ignore William's presence, even if they lowered their heads and closed their eyes.

Due to Walric's and Orryn's high-handed methods, the prestige of the Rhanes Clan, that had been kept for nearly a thousand years, had finally come to an end.