Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1021 - Will Of The Desert People [Part 1]

"Welcome to our humble residence, Lord Raymond." Kira's grandfather, and the Patriarch of the Sand Clan, bowed his head respectfully. "I have heard many good things about you."

"Really? What have you heard of me?" William asked back out of curiosity.

They were currently inside the guest hall of the Sand Clan, and several servants were busy placing dishes on the table for their VIP Guests.

"Although we are people in the desert, I have many friends all over the Demon Continent," Zeph replied. "One of them is Polox, who has become your vassal. We talked at great length how you suddenly appeared out of nowhere, and saved their Clan from being annexed by the Greenskin Clan.

"Truth be told, I am very impressed by how valiant you were for choosing to take the Minor Clans under your wing, and protect them from the slave-like treatment that they were enduring from their former Lords and Masters."

"Hahaha. I just did the right thing," William replied as he flipped his hair, "but feel free to praise me more. I like getting flattered."

"Your battle against the Rajah Clan has also earned you quite a bit of renown around these parts." Zeph was more than happy to stroke William's ego in order to form a good relationship with him. " At first, I thought that you were just some random newcomer, who was trying to make himself known, but after hearing of your achievements, I realized that you are indeed very formidable.

"Even the most formidable Myriad Beast in this territory is now your contracted monster, a feat that even the Demon Lord wouldn't be able to accomplish. You are truly an exception among exceptions, Lord Raymond."

William smiled in satisfaction after hearing Zeph's flattery. Although the name being praised was his father-in-law's, he didn't think much of it. After all, right now, he was Raymond Parker. The new Overlord of the Fortaare Desert.

"That gaze of yours Lord Raymond is like the sun shining upon the world with its radiance.

"Your presence is quite calming. Just sitting beside you makes me feel as if I have reached enlightenment.

"If only my grandson had half of your looks, I might already have several great grandchildren. Such a useless fellow."

The corner of Kira's lips twitched as he listened to his grandpa's flattering words towards William. Right now, Kira was more handsome than William when it came to the aesthetics department because the Half-Elf was using his previous appearance from when he lived back on Earth.

Even so, Zeph still said that if he only had half of William's looks, he would be surrounded by ladies. Kira didn't know if he should laugh or cry about his grandpa's antics, so he decided to consult his father who was beside him.

"Dad, is Grandpa unwell?" Kira whispered to his father, Favian. "The old man is really going above and beyond in his flattery. He is putting our family name to shame."

Favian sighed as he poured some wine into his son's cup, before raising his own cup to give him a toast.

"Flattery is a skill that not many can accomplish," Favian said in a volume that only Kira could hear. "You're still young and do not understand the hidden meaning behind his words. The moment your friend entered the residence, a subtle battle of negotiation had already begun between him and your grandfather."

"Really?"

"Yes. how do you think we were able to keep our neutrality till now? That's because the old man is willing to bend his back to make sure that our VIP guests feel good about themselves. That is how he's kept our clan safe all these years."

Favian drank from his cup before adding a few more words that made Kira realize how much his grandpa had sacrificed over the years.

"You have no idea how much he is ridiculed behind closed doors because of his attitude," Favian sighed for the second time. "But, even so, the fact still remains that we are able to enjoy our current standing because of his efforts. Remember this well, Kira, not all battles are fought with weapons."

Kira nodded his head in understanding. He then glanced at his grandpa, who was still praising Wiliam's good points. For a brief moment, he felt that even if Zeph spent an entire day praising the black-haired teenager, the old man wouldn't break a sweat at all.

William placed his wine cup on the table as he smiled at the old man beside him. He was sure that if his Grandpa James and Zeph met, the two of them would hit it off right away and become best buds.

"I want to ask a serious question to you, Lord Zeph," William said with a calm expression on his face. "If I unified the Clans in the desert, will I receive stiff resistance?"

"Are you planning to have all the Clans migrate, like what you did with the One-horned Clan and the others?" Zeph asked back. "If the answer is yes, I'm afraid that many will not take this in a good way, Lord Raymond."

William shook his head. "I don't have any intention of having the Desert Clans migrate. I know that all of you are rooted in this territory, and have long accepted your way of life. The desert is an unforgiving place.

"Those who wish to leave will leave, and those who want to stay will stay. Since the Clans decided to stay, this means that they are already satisfied with their current way of life. I have no intention of changing their culture. All I want is their loyalty."

Zeph played his beard as he digested the black-haired teenager's words.

"First, tell me why you wish to put all the Clans that live in the desert under your banner," Zeph stated. "Do you wish to create a civil war against the reigning Demon Lord?"Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

"Civil war? Not really," William answered. "I don't need the Demon Clans to fight my wars for me. What I want from you guys is to stay out of the hands of the Gremory Clan, as well as those of their allies."

"Ah… so, it's about that. I understand," Zeph crossed his arms over his chest as he pondered. "The Gremory Clan has indeed been quite active as of late to spread their influence beyond their borders. Since the Demon Lord is backing them, not many Clans have dared to resist the olive leaf that they were giving away. Only the Major Clans had the power to put a stop to their growing greed for dominion.

"I'm sure if you used the Fortaare Death Worm as a deterrent, the Clans will begrudgingly lower their heads in submission, but if a stronger faction appears, these clans will immediately jump ships to save their lives."

William arched an eyebrow. "Including you?"

"Yes," Zeph answered in a heartbeat. "Including us."

The Half-Elf nodded his head in understanding. He couldn't stay long in the Fortaare Desert because he still had to go to the North. Just like Zeph said, once he left the desert, the other Clans would change their allegiance if someone powerful were to appear in William's absence.

This was how they had preserved their culture all these years, and nothing would change that for as long as the Demons lived in the desert.

"What do you propose I do in order to keep the other Clans from aligning themselves with the Gremory Clan?" William asked.

His battle with the Demon Lord was inevitable because this was something that he had decided to do after watching how Chiffon had suffered while they were in the Tower of Babylon.

The Demon Lord was like the head of the spider, and William wanted to cut off his legs in order to weaken his forces. For this to happen, he would need to keep the other Clans from supporting the Gremory Clan, which was the Demon Lord's backer.

As long as he was able to do that, the title of Demon Lord would be stripped from Lucien, and another one would take his place. Such was life in the Demon Realm.

Only the strong were able to sit on the throne that lorded over all the Demon Clans, and turn them into a sword blade that could unite all of them under one banner.

A blade that was pointed at the Central Continent, where the majority of the people lived in peace and harmony.