Chapter 1023 - Times like this, I Wish You Were Here, Grandpa

"Is what you say true, Old Man Zeph?" a sickly old man asked as he leaned on his chair. "My sons did that?"

Zeph sighed before nodding his head. "It is true, My Lord. Young Master Walri and Young Master Orry offended someone that they shouldn't offend no matter what."

Kira's grandfather had a serious expression on his face as he gazed at his Liege, whom he had sworn loyalty to for the past few decades.

As soon as William left the City of Altan, Zeph immediately contacted his Lord through a communication crystal to tell him of William's impending arrival, as well as what had happened in his territory.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

"My Lord, I'm afraid that the balance of power in the desert has tilted," Zeph said with a sigh. "The best we can do is support Lord Raymond, and ensure that the two other Major Clans will not use this opportunity to divide the Fortaare Desert between the two of them."

Lorcan Di Rhanes, the patriarch of the Rhanes Clan, sighed as he closed his eyes. All these years, he did his best to keep the status quo among the three Major Clans, by using the Fortaare Death Worm as a deterence.

Now that it was no longer under his control, the two clans would certainly use this golden opportunity to shake the delicate balance that he had maintained all these years.

"I've grown old, my friend," Lorcan replied. "If I hadn't fallen ill, the Gremory Clan might not have been able to entice my grandsons to join their ambitious plan to reign in the other Clans in the continent."

"My Lord, while it is presumptuous of me to say these words, I am afraid that the Demon Lord is preparing for war," Zeph said with a serious expression on his face. "For this to happen, he needs to get the approval of the Major Clans. Ever since we lost the previous wars, our race has licked the wounds of failure, and decided to just remain in our respective territories.

"Our numbers have also decreased, and continue to decrease due to the infighting. Only the Gremory Clan had retained their strength because they have kidnapped talented individuals from the other continents, and used them as stud and breeding horses, to keep their bloodline strong and their population in check."

Lorcan opened his eyes as he gazed at the old man that had refused to become his right-hand man on the surface, but agreed to become his trusted agent in the shadows. In the past, both of them just wanted a place to call their own home.

Because of this, they had endured the hardship of living in the desert because very few Clans would dare to live in such a harsh environment.

If he wanted to become its Supreme Overlord, he would have done it long ago, but he didn't. Doing so would only make him a nail that stuck out too much, and the Gremory Clan would stop at nothing to make them bow their heads in submission.

"I think this is Fate as well," Lorcan commented. "Tell me, Old Friend, Is this person's name really Raymond?"

Zeph shook his head. "My Lord, this person, who will soon come knocking on your door, is a very special individual. If we play our cards right, we may be able to benefit from this misfortune."

"Who is he, Old Friend? Why do you think so highly of him?" Lorcan inquired.

Zeph smiled bitterly as he faced his Lord and told him the truth.

"He is none other than the son of the mortal enemy of the Demon Lord," Zeph answered.

Lorcan's eyes widened in shock as he looked at his sworn brother in disbelief.

"You mean he is that man's son? Old Friend, please, don't tease this frail old man."

"How can I possibly do that, My Lord? Even now, this young man is riding on top of the strongest Myriad Beast in the desert and headed to your residence. The Dungeon Conqueror's and the Saint of the Worldtree's one and only son.

"The one who conquered the 51st Floor of the Tower of Babylon, as well as one of the candidates for becoming the Prince of Darkness. He is none other than… William Von Ainsworth."

—--

"So, this is the city of the Rhanes Clan." William arched an eyebrow when he saw the gates wide open and several men, wearing the Rhanes Clan clothing, lining up along the sides of the gate, as if they were waiting for his arrival.

The banner of the Rhanes Clan fluttered high on the walls of the ramparts, as all the officials, as well as the Walric's and Orryn's two remaining brothers, stood just within the gate with their heads bowed in respect.

"Welcome Lord Raymond to the Rhanes Clan," a young man who seemed to be in his late teens greeted. "My name is Hector Di Rhanes, and the Patriarch has asked me to welcome you to our humble city."

Cassey who was standing beside William giggled. "It seems that they were waiting for your arrival. The Patriarch of the Rhanes Clan is truly formidable."

Kira gulped as he nodded his head in agreement. He thought that the scene he would see when they arrived was the entire city panicking, but looking at the current situation, it seemed that everyone had been briefed of their arrival.

"Yes. Truly a formidable man," William commented with a smile. 'For him to be able to gain the loyalty of Zeph already proved that he has at least some backbone. It seems that I am about to meet someone very formidable.'

William understood that he was the dragon that was riling up the local snakes. However, the fact still remained that this was their Domain. He was just a passerby, who decided to play politics on a whim.

Compared to the old foxes who had spent their entire lives in politics, he knew that his abilities were not on par.

'Times like this, I wish you were here, Grandpa,' William thought. 'I wonder what he is doing right now?'

—---

Deep within the void…

James chewed on a gummy bear as he traveled the vastness of the void. He had parted ways with his great granddaughters a few days ago, and resumed his journey.

As he was passing through one of the countless pathways of different worlds, he saw a hundred giants marching together along a path that was several layers below his own.

James frowned as he hid his presence. He waited until all of the giants had passed before removing his camouflage.

"Just where are these giants headed next?" James muttered. "Also, that robed man standing on the shoulder of that giant… he is at the Pseudo-God level. I have a bad feeling about this."

James pondered for a bit before making his decision.

"Sleipnir, follow them, but make sure we are outside of their detection range," James ordered.

Sleipnir nodded its head as it descended towards the lower layers in order to stalk the giants from a distance. James had always been blessed with unnatural instincts, and his gut instinct was telling him that the giants he had seen passing just a moment ago might be headed to a place that was very dear to him.