Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1024 - William’s Unexpected Proposal

"Are we on the Demon Continent?" Princess Aila asked as she stared at the vast expanse of land that looked no different from the Southern Continent, where she had grown up.

"Yes," Shannon replied. "I can't be wrong. I drew this very place not long ago."

The place where they were currently standing was the location where the One-Horned Tribe and the Greenskin Clan almost fought due to the latter's declaration of war.

"Hmm… we are indeed in the Demon Continent," Elliot said as he gazed towards the North. "I can sense William's whereabouts in that direction. However, the distance between here and there is great."

"We forgot to bring a carriage," Conan commented from the side. "We can't possibly let Aila and Shannon travel by foot, right?"

Shannon smiled as she summoned her paintbrush. "There's no need to worry. I have us covered."

The young lady with silver hair and fox ears, started to draw something in the air. A minute later, an image of a carriage appeared, and it was being pulled by a Gryphon with its wings spread wide.

"Veni ad vitam!" Shannon made a final brushstroke and the image she had painted came to life.

An ink-like carriage, and Gryphon, appeared in front of everyone. Elliot couldn't stop himself from whistling because he didn't expect Shannon to have this kind of ability.

"Everyone get in," Shannon said as she opened the carriage door. "Let's try to catch up to Sir William soon."

Princess Aila nodded her head as she boarded the carriage. Conan, Elliot, and Chloee followed after her. Shannon was the last to board, and the carriage started to move as soon as all of them had taken their seats.

The Gryphon flapped its wings as it ran across the ground in order to gain momentum. Soon it started to rise, carrying the carriage behind it.

"Aila, it will be best if you wear a robe at all times to cover your face," Shannon said as she glanced at the angelic beauty in front of her. "You possess strong life magic, and are also very beautiful. If the Demons see you, they won't think twice about capturing you and making you their plaything. Be very careful."

Princess Aila nodded. "Thank you for the advice. I will do my best to not stand out."

Conan crossed his arms over his chest, and simply sat on Princess Aila's shoulder. He would do his best to ensure that the Princess would get the opportunity to meet William, and tell him about the dreams she was having.

Deep inside, Conan understood that Princess Aila already had feelings for William. She was just not bold enough to take that final step to make her feelings known.

Elliot sat on the ink-like couch in a carefree manner. Chloee had done the same. But, unlike the angelic familiar who had a relaxed expression on his face, she busied herself with eating a chocolate bar.

Shannon watched this group with a sweet smile behind the mask that she wore. These were her benefactors, and she would do her best to ensure that they were safe during their journey. She just hoped that they would be able to catch up to William as soon as possible.

She no longer wanted to be a spectator who drew his adventures from a distance. Shannon wanted to become part of that scenery, and experience what it was like, to live in a world that she had only seen through the eyes of others.

—---

"I apologize for not being able to stand and show you my respects, Lord Raymond," Lorcan, the patriarch of the Rhanes Clan said apologetically.

"It's fine," William replied as he gave Lorcan a brief nod. "There's no need for formalities. I already knew of your circumstance before I came here."

Hector, and his young brother, Horace, sat beside their grandfather with their heads lowered. Although they had been warned beforehand, they still felt vexed when they saw their Protector Beast being commanded by others.

Because of this, they didn't dare to raise their heads and look at the black-haired teenager in front of them for a very long time. Both of them were afraid that they might not be able to control their emotions, and get in the way of the discussion between their guest and their grandfather.

"May I know your purpose for coming, Lord Raymond?" Lorcan asked.

"Hasn't Zeph told you everything already?" William asked back.

Lorcan smiled, but still made a gesture for William to speak his purpose for coming.

"Although I have already been informed, the others have not been," Lorcan replied. "It would be best to let my sons, grandsons, as well as my aides, hear what you have to say personally."

Lorcan didn't even try to deny William's allegations because playing dumb in this critical moments would just invite unneeded trouble. As someone that had kept the balance of power in the desert for decades, he knew that what he should prioritize right now was gaining William's trust.

Only by gaining his trust, would they be able to reach a result without the need for shedding blood.

William nodded his head in understanding. Just as he was about to say his purpose for coming, two men burst into the hall with determined expressions on their faces.

"Grandfather, please, punish me for my stupidity," Walric lowered his head and knelt on the ground. "I have done a great sin to you and our family. I will take full responsibility for my actions."Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"Grandfather, punish me as well! We have committed a grave mistake!" Orryn kneeled as well. But, unlike his brother, he didn't lower his head and met his grandfather's gaze. After that, he pointed his finger at William, who didn't even bother to turn his head to look at the two newcomers.

"Grandfather, I ask that you punish this person as well!" Orryn shouted. "Not only did he not show respect to our Clan, he even dared to oppose us openly. Someone like him should not be shown any mercy!"

Right after he finished his words, he felt a hand on the back of his head. Not long after, Walric pushed his brother's head down, until it was only a few inches away from the ground.

"Shut up!" Walric said with a serious expression on his face. "This is the Great Hall of our Ancestors. Do not further disgrace our family's name!"

"But, Brother!"

"I said, shut up!"

Orryn felt wronged as his forehead was forcefully pressed against the ground by the brother that he trusted and loved the most. However, he no longer uttered a word and simply gritted his teeth in frustration.

Lorcan stared at his two grandsons and sighed. He then looked at William apologetically, and the latter simply shrugged to let the old man know that it wasn't a big deal to him.

"Lord Raymond, I apologize for the sudden disturbance," Lorcan said. "Please, let us know your reason for coming to our Domain."

William rubbed his chin for a brief moment before asking Lorcan the question that he had thought on the spot. This was not his original purpose for coming, but for some reason, he felt that he was in the mood to ask this question.

"Tell me, Lord Lorcan, what do I need to do in order to become the Demon Lord of this realm?"

Gasps of shock speared throughout the hall as William finished asking his question. Even Cassey and Kira, who was seated by his side, looked back at the black-haired teenager as if he was someone crazy.

William, on the other hand, remained calm as he stared at Lorcan who was looking back at him in disbelief.

Although he only thought of it on a whim, he realized that this was the most effective method to make the Gremory Clan, as well as the current Demon Lord, Luciel, suffer a setback that they didn't see coming.