Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1026 - Days Of Bitterness And Suffering [Part 1]

Jasper frowned after hearing the black-haired teenager's words. At first, he thought that he had just misheard things, but after seeing the reaction of the Rhanes Clan Patriarch, as well as his family, he knew that something was amiss.

"Sir, I think he just asked the Patriarch how to become a Demon Lord,'' one of Jasper's trusted subordinates whispered in his ear.

Jasper nodded and looked at William with narrowed eyes. He was currently a guest inside the Rhanes Clan, and had already forced his way inside the Ancestral Hall, where an important discussion was being held.

However, he didn't expect that the discussion involved something similar to an uprising. Truth be told, he knew that some of the Major Clans were very disappointed with their current Demon Lord, Luciel.

They had sent many of their elite warriors, only to have them die on the battlefield, and no form of compensation was granted to their Clans or their families. This had given Luciel incredible pressure in the past, so he was forced to not do anything too reckless, that would give the Major Clans cause to look for the other faults that he had made.

As the years passed these hidden grudges started to simmer, which worried the Gremory Clan. This was why they had sent several of their ambassadors to each Major Clan in the continent in order to negotiate, and reach a compromise.

To those that didn't want to budge, they would then issue mild threats, using Luciel as deterrence. Although he had lost an arm in the battle against the Dungeon Conqueror, the fact still remained that he was one of the strongest demons in the continent. This was enough to make the other major clans think twice about rebelling against his orders.

As if sensing his gaze, William glanced at Jasper and gave him a mischievous smile filled with killing intent. It was at that moment when Jasper realized that he and the delegations of the Gremory Clan were in danger.

Without missing a heartbeat, Jasper took out a round mirror and activated it. This created a dome of protection around him and subordinates.

"What's wrong, Jasper? Why did you call for me?" The Patriarch of the Gremory Clan, Alvah, asked as his image appeared on the mirror's surface. "Did something happen to the Rhanes Clan?"

"Lord Patriarch, the Rhanes Clan is planning to rebel!" Jasper said anxiously, while looking at the black-haired teenager, whose smile widened after hearing his words.

"Properstrous! Who dares to rebel against the Demon Lord?!" Alvah asked.

"Raymond Parker," Jasper replied. "He is here in this room, My Lord!"

Jasper turned the mirror around to make it face William, which made everyone inside the hall feel their heart tremble inside their chest.

Lorcan could only curse William and his ancestors for putting his entire family in this mess, but he didn't dare to voice his frustrations out loud. While the Demon Lord was indeed powerful, he was very far away from their location.

Right now, William controlled the Fortaare Death Worm and he was sure that even before the forces of the Demon Lord could arrive in the desert, their family would have long been wiped out, if they annoyed the black-haired teenager whose smile was giving him an aneurysm.

Alvah's expression became serious as he stared at the pale-faced vampire whom he had met not long ago.

"Lord Raymond, what is the meaning of this?" Alvah asked. "Are you planning a rebellion?"Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"A Rebellion? Nonsense," William replied. "This is the law of the Demon Realm. Are you saying that you don't conform to the laws set up by our ancestors?"

Lorcan held back the strong urge to spit at William. He didn't expect the son of the Dungeon Conqueror to be this shameless!

Ancestors? What ancestor? You're not even a Demon, damn you! Pitui!

"Lord Raymond, this is a serious matter," Alvah's tone became cold and chilly. "If what you say is true then I have no choice but to report this to the Demon Lord. He will be the one to make you understand that there are some things that you shouldn't joke about."

"Wow, I'm scared," William sneered. "Do you think I'm afraid of that crippled loser? If I see his face, I'll clap his cheeks so hard he will start seeing stars."

"Just because you managed to acquire some Minor Clans, you already think you're a Big Shot?" Alvah sneered back. "You have no idea who you are dealing with, mongrel!"

William chuckled. "Well then, I guess we'll just have to see who among us doesn't have any idea of who he is dealing with."

William stood up and walked towards Jasper and his subordinates who were currently protected by a barrier. He then raised his hand and punched it, causing cracks to appear on its surface.

"Lord Alvah! Save us! Please save us!" Jasper pleaded as he looked at William in horror.

The Half-Elf laughed like an evil villain as he punched the barrier for the second time.

"That's right, Alvah, save your subordinates," William mocked. "Show me how powerful you are."

"Raymond Parker, I can still turn a blind eye to your actions if you leave my subordinates alone," Alvah said with a serious expression on his face. "Do you really want to wage war against the Gremory Clan?"

"Yes," William replied as he smashed the barrier, making it shatter like crystal glass. "Let's rumble!"

Without another word, William smashed the mirror in Jasper's hand, making the members of the Gremory Clan scream in fear. They had long enjoyed their status as members of the family that was backed by the Demon Lord, and had abused their power wherever they went.

Now that someone dared to rise up against them, they were caught by surprise and didn't know how to respond.

William easily knocked all of them unconscious and threw them one by one inside his Thousand Beast Domain. Medusa had long pestered him for Demons to eat, so he didn't mind letting the little Gorgon have her fill with the members of the Gremory Clan.