Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1027 - Days Of Bitterness And Suffering [Part 2]

"You were too reckless, Lord Raymond," Lorcan was finally able to regain his composure and voiced his thoughts out loud. "By declaring war against the Demon Lord, you will turn this land into a battlefield. Tell me, do you hate us Demons this much?"

William shook his head before sitting back on his cushion. "No. I just intend to put a new person in charge of this continent. Don't worry. None of your family members need to fight. All you need to do is sign a contract."

The Half-Elf smiled as he took out a contract from his storage ring and made it fly over towards Lorcan.

The patriarch of the Rhanes Clan grabbed it and read its contents. A few minutes later, he looked at William in disbelief before shifting his gaze back to the contract and read it a second time.

A quarter of an hour passed before Lorcan placed the contract on his lap and stared at William with a serious expression on his face.

"If you do this, there will be no turning back," Lorcan said. "Also, by doing so, you are forcing the Demon Clans to make a hard choice."

William shrugged as he rested his right cheek over the palm of his hand.

"We both know that the Demon Lord is already preparing to launch an attack on the Central Continent," William replied. "Sooner or later, your people will also be conscripted into the war, whether you like it or not. I don't know when Luciel will attack, but I'm sure of one thing. It will certainly happen, and it will happen soon."

The frown on Lorcan's face deepened because he couldn't refute his words.

"Did Zeph tell you that?" Lorcan asked.

William nodded. "He had no choice after I told him that if he didn't confess everything he knew about the Demon Lord, I would bury him in night soil, just like I did to your two grandsons."

The corner of Lorcan's lips twitched as he glanced at his two grandsons, who had lowered their heads, not willing to meet his gaze.

"Then, let me ask you this. According to the contract, we don't have to help you fight against the Demon Lord," Lorcan stated. "All we need to do is continue to remain neutral and not meddle in politics."

"That's right."

"Also, those who have signed this contract are not allowed to fight against those who have signed it as well? Including their vassals?"

"Yes," William replied. "There will be a permanent non-aggression pact between those who have signed this contract of mine. He may be a Demon Lord, but if he didn't have the support of more than seventy Major Clans of this continent, he can't start his selfish war against anyone."

"True, but even if I sign this, you will just have one Major Clan supporting your cause," Lorcan argued. "That will not be enough."

"That's fine. Just leave the rest to me," William said as he patted his chest. Originally, he only planned to take Celine and leave the Demon Continent. However, after hearing Zeph's confession, he knew that this was something that he couldn't turn a blind-eye to.

Wars were never a good thing. As someone who had taken part in one, he knew the devastation and loss that war could bring to the people. He didn't want that to happen again, so circumstances had forced him to take a stand.

When he visited the Rhanes Clan, he already planned to make them the first Major Clan to join his cause. In truth, William didn't know if he was playing right into Zeph's plan, but he didn't mind it one bit.

The main reason why he declared his intention, while the envoy of the Gremory Clan was there, was to bait Luciel to come to him. He was very confident that he could fight the Demon Lord in a head-on confrontation.

The spider may have many legs, but if you cut off its head, all the legs would shrivel up and die. With so many trump cards in his disposal, William was confident that he could take Luciel down.

The sooner he dealt with him, the better. Also, he knew about Cassey's ambition as well. Although she tried hard to hide it, her hatred for the Gremory Clan was obvious.

Since she was already powerful, and had enough Myriad Beasts to create problems for them, he decided to push his plan to deal with the Gremory Clan forward, while also enacting his plans for the Demon Lord.

"Can I refuse to sign this?" Lorcan asked with a serious expression on his face.

WIlliam nodded. "You can, but do you really think that the Gremory Clan, as well as the Demon Lord, will believe that you are not part of this scheme to bring them down?"

"I can make them believe if I try hard enough."

"Well then, suit yourself."

William stood up and walked towards the exit of the hall. However before he left, he glanced back at Lorcan with a smile.

"If things go south, don't come running to me for help," William stated. "I can also guarantee that if your Clan joins the Demon Army in their attack on the Central and Silvermoon Continents, I will show you no mercy when we meet on the battlefield."

After saying what he had to say, WIlliam finally left with Kira and Cassey in tow.

Only after one of the family members confirmed that they had left the residence did Lorcan sigh deeply.

"I'm too old for this," Lorcan said as he gazed at the contract in his hand with a bitter expression. "Regardless of the choice I make, the Rhanes Clan will have no choice but to take part in this battle for supremacy."

Lorcan glanced at the desert sky, which was now covered in storm clouds. Rain was very rare in the desert, especially raging storms.

Whenever the parched land received a sudden burst of rain, a flood would happen and sweep away everything in its path. More than anything else, Lorcan didn't want to be swept away by this sudden change which was outside of his control.

The only thing he wanted was to live a calm and peaceful life, free from politics. Unfortunately, the one sitting on the top didn't want to live a peaceful life.

Yes. The Demon Lord, Luciel, had stopped licking his wounds, and once again decided to restart a war that would allow him to regain his honor and prestige.

However, this was not a simple war, but a war that had been prophesied by the Oracle of the Demon Race. The Heir of Darkness would be born and would make the entire world his kingdom.

None would be able to stand against his might, and those who dared would only suffer a devastating defeat at his hands. Luciel was waiting for the promised day to arrive, as he started to rally the Major Clans under his banner.

Unfortunately, very few answered his call, and the majority of the Major Clans didn't want this war to start. This was why the Gremory Clan had tasked their subordinates to go to the territories of these Major Clans in order to reach a compromise.

—-

Back in the City of Atlan…

Zeph leisurely sipped a cup of tea as he glanced at the round mirror by his side.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

"Your Excellency, should I inform the rest?" Zeph asked as he stared at the person who had told him that Raymond Parker was just an alias that Wiliam Von Ainsworth used to fool the people of the Demon Continent.

"Yes," the man answered. "The time is near. The prophecy is about to be fulfilled. We'd better make our own preparations."

"Your Excellency, are you sure that he is the one?"

"No, but I'd rather think that he is the one."

Zeph sighed as he shook his head. "And, if he really does end up not being the one in the prophecy?"

The man on the surface of the mirror quieted down before crossing his arms over his chest.

"If he isn't the one in the prophecy then we will go with Plan B," the man replied. "However, without my signal, none of you are allowed to make your move. Do I make myself clear?"

Zeph nodded before finishing up the tea in his cup. The man in the mirror also gave Zeph a brief nod before cutting off the connection.

Kira's grandfather walked towards the window of his room and stared at the storm clouds that had covered the entirety of his city.

"I sure hope that you are right, Your Excellency," Zeph muttered. "If he is not the one then I'm afraid that our days will only be filled with bitterness and suffering."

Zeph sighed deeply. He couldn't count how many times he had sighed after meeting William. For him, his appearance in the Demon Realm was both a blessing and a disaster. A blessing because with him around, they had a chance to make a difference.

A disaster because he also brought trouble wherever he went. The son of the Dungeon Conqueror and the Saintess of the World Tree was no ordinary young man. It was also because of this fact that his life had never been easy.

"I don't know what is happening at the Rhanes Clan right now, but I'm sure that My Lord is suffering from a headache at this very moment." Zeph allowed a bitter smile to appear on his face as he thought of his currently ill Sovereign. "May the Gods have mercy on us all. Or else, all of us will take the fall."