Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1031 - Dozedar's Nightmare [Part 1]

"Halt! State your names, and the reason why you are here in the territory of the Greenskin Clan!" a Demon with green skin shouted as he walked towards the two hooded figures who were currently buying some fruits and other food supplies from the food stalls in the plaza.

One of the hooded figures, who was wearing a fox mask, turned around to look at the Demon who was looking at them in a suspicious manner.

"My name is Shane, and this is my companion Zelan," Shannon said. "We just came here to buy some supplies for our journey. Is there something wrong, mister?"

Hearing the smooth, and silky voice that was coming from the hooded figure, the Demon from the Greenskin Clan glanced at his men, and gave them a brief nod.

Immediately, over a dozen members of the Greenskin Clan surrounded the two hooded figures, in a tight encirclement.

"The city is currently being monitored for potential spies that have come from our rival Clans," the Demon, who seemed to be the Captain of this patrol group, replied. "Both of you are to come with us, so that we can inspect your belongings and make sure that you are not spies sent by our enemies."

The Captain had very keen senses and after hearing that the voice belonged to a young lady, he immediately thought of a sinister plan to capture them, before the other groups found them.

After William had left their territory, their Patriarch, Dozedar, issued an order that all foreigners must be interrogated at all cost when they are found inside their Domain. Since very few individuals visited their city on a regular basis, the two robed figures stood out.

At first, the Demons only wanted to steal their belongings, but after hearing that the voice belonged to a young lady, their goals changed. The Demon Captain immediately planned to capture both of them, so that they could enjoy a good time.

Just as the Demons were about to capture the two robed figures, three little familiars appeared and stood in front of the two girls.

"Kekeke, I'll protect them," Conan said. "The two of you can teach these idiots a lesson."

Elliot flipped his hair as he raised his chin arrogantly. "My goodness. Can't people shop quietly nowadays? Why must there always be morons who think with their lower heads, instead of their main one?"

The sound of knuckles being cracked reached the ears of the Demons who were just a few meters away from Shannon and Princess Aila. Chloee grinned evilly at the green-skinned demons who were unlucky enough to meet her.

"It's been a while since I punched someone," Chloee stated. "I'll make this count."

The Demon Captain took out his sword and gave his order.

"Take care of these annoying flies, but don't hurt the goods!" the Captain shouted. "We will enjoy them later."

""Yes!""

The Demons charged with faces filled with high expectations. It had been a while since they had played with a young lass, and they wouldn't waste this opportunity to fully enjoy the offerings that were in front of them.

Half a minute later, the sound of pained screams and cries for help reverberated in the plaza. Chloee smashed the Demon's faces, and sent them flying in every direction.

Elliot, on the other hand, electrocuted those who tried to come close to their group. The smell of charred flesh permeated the plaza as the little angel shot lightning bolt after lightning bolt from his small fingers, toasting those who dared to come in their direction.

After a minute had passed, all the Demons had been dealt with. Elliot and Chloee had held back, so none of them had died. However, the injuries they received from the two familiars was enough to cripple them for half a year without proper treatment.

The Captain of the Demon Patrol stared at this scene in horror as he tried to run away to escape the two little monsters that he had unknowingly antagonized.

"Too late, punk." Elliot sneered as he aimed his finger at the running demon. A few seconds later, a lightning bolt that was bigger from the previous ones that he had shot earlier shot out of his fingertips and sailed across the street in a heartbeat.

The Demon Captain cried out in pain before falling face first on the ground, losing consciousness.

Princess Aila, who had ignored the entire scene from start to finish, was busy counting the coins in her magic bag.

"Here you go, thirty-two gold coins for everything in your stall," Princess Aila said as she handed the coins towards the owner, who accepted it with shaking hands.

"T-Thank you, My Lady for your generosity," the stall owner replied. In truth, he just wanted to get the trade over with in fear that the little familiars would beat him up, if he refused to sell his goods to the robed lady in front of him.

"Glad to do business with you," Princess Aila nodded as she stored the food supplies inside her storage ring. "Shane, should we just buy everything we see? That way we don't have to make a lot of stops along the way."

"That's a good idea," Shannon replied. "Let's just buy everything."

The stall owners shuddered when they saw the robed figures split up, so that they could buy things faster.

Conan and Elliot went with Princess Aila, while Chloee accompanied Shannon. The two young ladies busied themselves with stocking up on food supplies and clothes that would help them blend in with the inhabitants of the Demon Realm.

While this was happening, word of their deeds arrived at the main residence of the Greenskin Clan, which made Dozedar red with anger.

"Who dares to hurt my people in my own turf?!" Dozedar shouted as he slammed his left fist on the armrest of his chair.

His mood had been very bad ever since his right arm had been bitten off by the Gorgon Willam had unleashed on him. Because of this, he had long wanted to get his revenge, but he also understood that his target could easily crush him like a bug.

Because of this, he vented his frustrations on the foreigners that visited his city, and made things difficult for them. Now that there was someone who decided to openly defy him, Dozedar felt that this was a good opportunity to vent out his frustrations once and for all.

"So, the suspects are two women and three strange creatures?" Dozedar asked his aid who hurriedly reported the incident that had just happened in the plaza.

"Yes, My Lord!" The aid bowed his head. "They are still buying things in the plaza. If you hurry now, we can still catch them."

Dozedar nodded and issued a command to close off the entire city. Although he was certain that he could easily capture the two troublemakers, he decided to close off the exits just in case they decided to leave before he could get to their location.

"Do they really think that the Greenskin Clan is just a Minor Clan that they can anger as they please?" Dozedar sneered. "I'll make those two women understand that they are messing with the wrong Clan!"

The Patriarch of the Greenskin Clan stormed out of his residence, while being followed by a hundred elite guards. He wanted to send a strong message to everyone that no one could look down upon them, because they had finally succeeded in being recognized as a medium-sized Clan by the Gremory Clan.

With the help of their backing, Dozedar was sure that it wouldn't be long till he annexed his neighbors, and made his Clan a full-fledged Major Clan that had several vassals under his command.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

For now, he would deal with the two troublemakers that had come to his domain with suspicious motives. After that, he would coordinate with the Gremory Clan to take his revenge on the black-haired teenager, whose devilish smile always appeared in his dreams.