Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1032 - Dozedar's Nightmare [Part 2]

Dozedar had been traumatized by his encounter with William, and everytime he slept, he would see the young teenager's disdainful smile in his dreams. He knew that there was only one way to overcome his fear and that was to get even with William, no matter what.

To his surprise, the patriarch of the Gremory Clan, Alvah, told him in great detail that William planned to start a rebellion in the Demon Realm. Because of this, the Alvah had issued a command that the black-haired teenager would become their enemy, and ordered his vassals to ambush William on his journey.

This was the good news that Dozedar was waiting for, so he immediately pledged the participation of the Greenskin Clan, and vowed to help in the subjugation of his mortal enemy.

While these thoughts played inside Dozedar's head, he and his men finally arrived at the plaza. Most of the stalls had closed because the two ladies had bought everything they had in stock, which made the stall owners very happy.

However, after seeing the Patriarch of the Greenskin Clan, as well as his entourage, they all bowed their heads and anxiously prayed that none of them would be involved in this tricky incident.

"Where are they?" one of Dozedar's men approached one of the stall owners and asked. "Don't even think about lying. If you do, you will be punished for treason!"

"T-They are in the Pay to Win store," the stall owner replied. "It seems that they are going to buy several sets of clothes, as well as consumable items for their journey. They just entered the store five minutes ago, and I'm sure that all of them are still inside."

Dozedar's man snorted as he tossed a gold coin in the man's direction before turning back to his lord.

"Let's go," Dozedar ordered. "I want to see these two b*tches who think they can hurt my people in my Domain."

—--

"Look at this Zelan," Shannon said as she showed Princess Aila a cute two piece dress that she thought would look good on her newfound friend. "I'm sure that this will look great on you."

Princess Aila looked at the flowery dress that Shannon had presented to her. She had to agree that it was indeed quite cute, and even imagined how William would react after seeing it.

"You have good eyes, dear customer!" one of the shop assistants commented with a smile. "These clothes were made by one of the Clans in the West. they are known for producing high-quality clothes, and our boss needed to travel great distances in order to procure some of them.,"

"This is indeed a good choice," Conan, who was seated on Princes Aila's shoulder, nodded his head in approval. "Let's buy it, Aila."

"Very well," Princess Aila said as she held the clothes in her hands. "Thank you, Shane."

Shannon smiled sweetly. "You're welcome."

This was her first time shopping with a person who was the same age as her. She had long treated Princess Aila as her friend, and the two hit it off right away after they escaped Hestia Academy. Unfortunately, they weren't able to stock up on a lot of food for their journey, so they decided to stop by the nearest city that they could find to buy some supplies.

Both of them thought that it would be a simple process, but the incident in the plaza made them realize that the Demons were very similar to Humans as well.

There were good Demons, as well as rotten ones. Originally, they thought that every Demon was bad and had their guard up the whole time, but after buying a few things in the plaza before the incident happened, they had a better grasp of the Demon's society, which was almost the same as Human society.

Just as the two were about to purchase more clothes, several Demons stormed inside the shop and looked in their direction.

"Is that them?" Dozedar asked one of his aides.

"Yes, My Lord," the aid replied. "That lady wearing a fox mask, as well as those three little things beside them are the ones that were seen in the plaza. The hooded figure next to them is part of their group as well."

"Good." Dozedar nodded as he walked towards the two young ladies, while releasing his blood lust.

Shannon frowned inside her mask, as she stared at the bulky Demon that was almost two-meters-tall, who was walking in their direction. A single glance was enough to tell the fox-eared lady that he was trouble, so she took a step forward and stood in front of Princess Aila, in order to protect her from any sudden forms of aggression on the Demon's part.

"Are you the ones responsible for hurting my Clan members in the plaza?" Dozedar asked.

"They were the ones who started to harass us," Shannon replied. "We were merely protecting ourselves."

The staff member who was assisting the two ladies with their purchase, hurriedly took several steps back as she distanced herself away from her two patrons. Although she wanted to help them, she was no match against the Patriarch of the Greenskin Clan who was known to be brutal to his enemies.

"I don't care who harassed who first." Dozedar grunted. "All I care about is that you hurt my people, inside my own city."

Elliot and Chloee had already flown in front of Shannon as they prepared to attack. However, Princess Aila's voice stopped them in their tracks.

"Let's talk about this calmly," Princess Aila said. "Everything can be solved if we just talk things out. We are willing to compensate for the damages we caused, as well as pay for the healing expenses for the men we injured."

Dozedar, glanced at the robed figure who had spoken and his sharp senses made him frown.

"Take off that hood," Dozedar ordered. "I am the Patriarch of the Greenskin Clan and talking to me without revealing your identity is disrespectful."Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Princess Aila pondered for a bit before lifting her hood, just enough to show her angelic face to the Demon in front of her. She didn't take it off completely because she didn't have any horns, or any other distinct feature that would mark her as a Demon.

Dozedar took a whiff of her fragrance from where he stood, which made his eyes widen.

"You're a Human?" Dozedar's expression changed as he looked at the angelic beauty in front of him with an intimidating smile. "It's been a while since I have seen a Human without a slave collar on their necks, or bound by chains. Looks like I got lucky today. You're one high-quality beauty, I'll give you that, young lady."

Shannon adjusted where she stood to make sure she still stood between Princess Aila and Dozedar before glaring at the Demon.

"You better not touch a single strand of her hair or else you'll be sorry." Shannon declared.

Dozedar snorted as he looked down at the lady in front of him who was wearing a fox mask.

"Sorry? This word is not in my vocabulary," Dozedar replied. "It would be in the best interest of both of you to just surrender yourself peacefully. That way, neither of you will get hurt. It will be a great loss for me if your delicate bodies are injured. How can I have fun if the dolls that I plan to play with are broken?"

Shannon sighed as she raised up her right hand to hold the side of her mask.

"I'm sorry Aila, it seems that talking in a civil manner doesn't work on these brutes," Shannon said. "I'll deal with them myself. Just close your eyes, okay?"

Princess Aila took a step back and turned around. Shannon had told Alia about her ability, and cautioned her to never look at her directly if she wasn't wearing her fox mask.

Elliot and Chloee also backed away, leaving Shannon to face Dozedar as well as his hundred elite warriors, who always accompanied him wherever he went.

"Just what kind of nonsense are you planning here, missy?" Dozedar asked with a lecherous grin. "Stop resisting and I promise that I will send both of you girls to heaven."

Shannon slowly moved her mask to the side, showing half of her beautiful face.

"What a coincidence," Shannon replied as the corner of her lips curled up into a smile. "I also planned to send you and your men somewhere, but I'm sorry to say that you won't be going to heaven."

Dozedar's body stiffened when he saw Shannon's face. It was not only him, but all the men that the patriarch of the Greenskin Clan had brought with him.

Dozedar gritted his teeth as he slowly raised his hand. Without any warning, he started to claw at his throat, as if he was trying to tear all of the flesh off his neck.

The shopkeeper and his staff watched in horror as the Patriarch of the Greenskin Clan mutilated himself without any rhyme or reason. Suddenly, the Demons that had accompanied Dozedar did the same thing and clawed their own throats, tearing their flesh in the process.

Two minutes later, Dozedar collapsed on the floor with his eyes staring straight at the fox-eared lady who was looking down on him.

"Be sure to become a better person in your next life," Shannon said as she slipped her mask fully over her face once again.

Those were the last words that Dozedar, and his men heard before they took their last breath. All of them died with their eyes open, while looking at Shannon with horrified expressions on their faces.

Several hours later, news of Dozedar's death spread within the Greenskin Clan. Shannon and Princess Aila visited their Clan's Main residence and told Dozedar's Clan members that the two of them were part of Raymond Parker's entourage.

They even gave the Greenskin Clan an ultimatum that if they opposed Lord Raymond then the two of them would return and finish off their entire clan without mercy.

As someone who observed William on a regular basis, Shannon was quite aware of his current situation. She knew that the Gremory Clan and the Half-Elf were at odds with each other, so she decided to lend him a hand in eliminating a possible threat to his life.

Because of this, the elders of the Greenskin Clan broke off all ties they had made with the Gremory Clan, which made Alvah smash his fist on top of his table after hearing the news. He never expected William to have some reinforcements that he didn't know of, and immediately sent his men to investigate what had truly transpired within the city of the Greenskin Clan.

Unfortunately, the men he had sent to investigate also died at Shannon's hands, leaving Alvah unaware of what was happening in places where his eyes, and influence, could no longer reach.