Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1033 - Did You Really Miss Me?

Ten days had passed since William had left the desert in order to continue his travel towards the North. Along the way, he subjugated two Major Clans, who were also cohorts of the Gremory Clan in the Southeastern Regions of the Demon Realm.

Kira's grandfather, Zeph, had provided him with a list of Clans, and individuals who were under Alvah's control along the route that they were taking. In order to prevent news from spreading, William decided to use a low-key method to start his conquest.

The Half-Elf's subjugation plan was very simple. All he needed to do was ask Optimus to tell him where the Patriarch of the Major Clan was located. After that, he would toss the said Patriarch to his Thousand Beast Domain, where Princess Sidonie was waiting to charm him.

After the Patriarch had been charmed, he would immediately call for a family conference in order to gather all of the important members of his family.

Once everyone was gathered, Princess Sidonie would make her appearance and charm everyone, making all of them William's pawns.

These people had now become the Half-Elf's double agents, which he used to gather information about the movements of the Gremory Clan. This in turn gave William a better understanding of the scope of Alvah's plans, which made him realize how domineering the Demon Lord's family was.

'I should have done this sooner,' William thought as he gazed out the window of his flying carriage. 'This way, Alvah wouldn't know what hit him until it was too late.'

The scary part about Princess Sidonie's Charm Spell was that her subordinates would act normally as if nothing had happened. Even if someone with strong mental powers were to scan their minds to check if they were under a mind-affecting spell, they would find nothing.

This made Princess Sidonie's method the optimal choice when it came to slowly turning Alvah's allies into William's pawns.

A few hours later, William's entourage landed beside a river in a valley to take a break. Unlike Vesta who had holed herself up inside the Thousand Beast Domain, Kira, Athrun, as well as their retainers remained in the outside world.

Since the journey was exhausting, they would take breaks from time to time in order to rest their mounts as well as to stretch their bodies.

Ali, and Ari, Vesta's two shield maidens busied themselves with fishing in the river in order to serve as lunch for their Young Lady. Much to William's surprise, Vesta would always dine with her two maidservants, which made the Half-Elf realize that the green-haired beauty treated the two girls kindly.

Charmaine felt competitive as well and hunted fish for William to eat. Half an hour later, the three girls were catching one fish after the other, while Kira and Athrun, observed from the side.

"How many have you caught, Kira?" Athrun asked as he sat with a fishing pole in his hand.

"Just one," Kira sighed. "Those girls are scaring all the fish away."

Athrun chuckled as he looked at his still empty bowl. Unlike Kira who managed to catch one, the scholarly demon hadn't caught anything.

William, on the other hand, was busy reading the book in his hands. This was one of the novels that he had brought back from Earth. The only reason why this particular novel caught his eye was because the Main Character was also a Half-Elf with red hair, and green eyes just like him.

Just as he was about to turn to the next page, his sharp senses heard the sound of several disgruntled birds who seemed to have been disturbed from their peaceful rest on the outskirts of the valley.

Suddenly, a notification appeared on William's status page which made him pause whatever he was doing.

"No way…," William muttered as he flew towards the sky. 'Optimus, are you sure that you didn't make a mistake?'

< Well, you will see soon enough if I made a mistake or not. >

Optimus' reply had a teasing tone to it, which made the Half-Elf's heart beat wildly inside his chest.

Soon, a black dot appeared on the horizon, and headed straight for his location. Although it was still far away, William's eyesight was very good, so he was able to identify who it was from the get go.

"Well, you look quite perky, Will," Oliver said as he circled the Half-Elf twice before landing on his shoulder. "It seems that life has been good to you as of late."

"Second Master, I missed you," William said as he rubbed Oliver's chin.

"Hmp! Did you really miss me?" Oliver asked. "Or are you missing someone else?"

"Of course, I missed you, Second Master," William replied. "How can I possibly not?"

Oliver chuckled as he gazed in the distance. "I guess I'll just have to tell My Lady that you didn't miss her."

"What are you talking about, Second Master? Of course I missed Master as well."

"What did you miss about her?"

"Everything!" William replied in a heartbeat. "From the top of her head up to the tip of her toes. I missed everything about her."

Oliver nodded his head in satisfaction. "Good answer. My Lady also missed you."

William's eyes held a hint of happiness inside them as he tried to pry answers from Oliver's lips, but the Parrot Monkey ignored his attempts.

"Listen to me, Will, there is something that I need to tell you," Oliver said with a serious expression on his face. "Actually, my Master didn't come alone. She brought her Master with her. Tell me, how much do you know about Baba Yaga?"

William blinked once then twice before giving Oliver an honest answer.

"I only know that she is the strongest Demigod of the Demon Continent," William replied. "She is also a master of the Dark Arts and prefers to stay in seclusion."

Oliver nodded because this was the common knowledge that people had of Baba Yaga. The Parrot Monkey wanted William to act properly when Baba Yaga arrived because she was the Mother that Celine never had.

Although the ugly old hag seemed like a carefree individual, she was a very vengeful Demigod. This was also why no one dared to offend her, unless they wanted to have their entire bloodline eradicated from the face of the world.

"Will, Baba Yaga is Celine's Master, and mother," Oliver explained. "You'd better be on your best behavior when talking to her. Master also respects her very much, and she would be angry at you if you acted discourteously in front of her second mother."

William nodded his head seriously after hearing Oliver's explanation. It was also at that moment when an idea popped inside his head.

"Second Master, since you said that Master considers Baba Yaga as her second mother, does that mean that I can ask her for Master's hand in marriage?"

"Marriage? Um… I guess you can. But, it will be difficult at this point in time."

William arched an eyebrow as he looked at Oliver with a questioning gaze. The Parrot Monkey sighed before giving the Half-Elf a vague answer.

"Just wait until she arrives," Oliver stated. "Don't have any high expectations. Celine has a lot on her plate right now, and marriage is the least of her concern."

William reluctantly nodded his head as he looked in the distance where Oliver was looking.

Somehow, he was feeling anxious about his unexpected reunion with the beautiful Elf that had taught him many things in life. He thought that he would have to travel for a few more weeks in order to see her, but Fate was a fickle lady and decided to let the two of them meet sooner.Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

As to what the outcome of their meeting would be, William could only hope that it would be on a positive note. After all, now that he had an opportunity to talk to Celine once again, he believed that he could talk about their relationship, and how both of them would proceed from this day onwards.