Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1034 - Master, I Missed You

William watched the sun slowly set on the horizon with Oliver on his shoulder.

Originally, he had planned to travel to the Wicked Thorn Forest, located in the Northeast Region of the Demon Continent, to meet his Master, Celine. However, he didn't expect that Celine and her Master, Baba Yaga, would take the initiative to look for him on their own accord, which made the Half-Elf very happy.

When the sun was nearly out of sight, William's ears picked up a sound that was coming from the North, and was nearing his location.

Slowly, but surely, the silhouette of a wooden house, nestled on top of what seemed to be two giant bird-like legs, traversed the valley in a steady manner.

William could feel his emotions stirring up inside his chest, as he stood rooted on the spot, waiting for Baba Yaga's house to reach its destination.

"She's finally here…," William muttered softly as his eyes focused on the wooden house in the distance, hoping to see a glimpse of the beautiful Elf who had played an important role in his life.

Sha, Zhu, Kira, Athrun, as well as their retainers looked at the approaching behemoth with serious expressions on their faces. Although William had already warned them of Baba Yaga's arrival, they were still unable to hide the nervousness, as well as a bit of fear, from their faces.

Baba Yaga's reputation preceded her. She was well-known in the Demonic Continent, and many parents used her name to scare the children who misbehaved all the time.

They would mention things like "If you are a naugthy boy, Baba Yaga will come to get you and eat you!"

This alone was enough to make those mischievous children cry a river of tears in fear that the old hag from the North would really capture them and feast on their bodies.

A quarter of an hour later, the giant walking treehouse stopped a hundred meters away from William's encampment.

The door of the tree house opened, and a wrinkly old lady stepped outside to look at the people who had gathered around to meet them.

"You must be the infamous Raymond Parker who is wreaking havoc in the South of the Demon Realm," Baba Yaga chuckled like a witch after seeing the black-haired teenager, who was eyeing her with a curious gaze. "Well met, child."

William smiled and gave Baba Yaga a respectful bow. This was the bow that he gave to his Masters whenever he would meet them to show his gratitude for their teachings.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

"Disciple William meets Grandmaster Baba Yaga," William replied courteously. "It is my greatest honor to meet you, Your Excellency."

"Oh my~ you get eight points," Baba Yaga smiled as she nodded her head in satisfaction. She then glanced behind her and beckoned her hand. "Celine, you chose your partner well. His manners are good"

"Master, he is not my partner," Celine said as she walked out of the door. "At least, not yet."

"Not yet?" Baba Yaga chuckled. "Well then, Will my boy, it seems that my Disciple doesn't recognize you as her significant other. At least, not yet."

William felt slightly hurt due to Celine's response, which he wasn't able to stop from appearing on his face. Although it only lasted for a brief moment, Baba Yaga, and Celine saw it, but they pretended that they saw nothing.

"Master, I missed you," William said.

"Well, I missed you a bit," Celine replied as she looked at William with a disapproving expression. "You're still the same as ever. Always causing trouble wherever you go. Can't you be more lowkey? The way things are going, it is not impossible for the Demon Lord to leave the capital city in order to hunt you down."

William raised his chin in arrogance before replying. "I'm not scared of him. If he comes, I'll whack him silly and have it recorded in a recording crystal to be kept as a family heirloom."

"Oh my~ he is very brave, and very stupid," Baba Yaga commented as she rubbed her wrinkled chin. "Child, don't think that the battle you experienced in the Southern Continent is a good standard to measure the might of the Demon Army.

"You were still not born when that great battle took place two decades ago, so you don't understand the sheer magnitude of the forces, and powers involved. Do not wish for something like that to happen, because battles of that level are enough to wipe the forces of the entire Southern Continent from the face of the world."

William didn't refute Baba Yaga's words because he had seen that great battle briefly when he gained the power of the Dungeon Conqueror.

"You are right, Grandmaster," William replied as he pressed both of his palms together and gave a respectful bow. "I also do not wish for that kind of war to happen. The one I experienced in the Southern Continent was enough to tell me that wars don't prove who is right or wrong, it only shows whose left."

Baba Yaga nodded and her impression of William went up by another notch.

'This boy is good. He knows when to advance, and knows when to retreat,' Baba Yaga thought. 'Or maybe, he is just buttering me up since I am his Grandmaster. Either way, he is quite eloquent in the usage of his words. Not bad.'

William shifted his attention to Celine, and his gaze became affectionate as he gazed at the woman who had made him a man.

"Master, can we have a serious discussion?" William said. "There are some things that I want to clarify. I hope that you can provide me with the answers that I am looking for."

Celine didn't reply right away to William's proposal. Instead, she stared at him for a full-minute before nodding her head.

"A serious discussion? Very well," Celine made a gesture for William to fly towards the treehouse. "Master, I will be in Eternity for a bit."

"Okay," Baba Yaga replied. "Take your time to have your serious discussion with him. After that, it will be my turn to ask him some questions."

Celine nodded. "Understood."

William, who had gained Celine, and Baba Yaga's permission to enter the wooden house, flew towards it with a smile on his face.

He had long wanted to have a talk with Celine about their relationship and although she was giving him the cold shoulder, he believed that everything could be solved if the two of them could sit down and have a heart-to-heart talk.