Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1035: A Kiss Filled With A Silent Promise [R-18]

(Disclaimer: This chapter is Rated-18. You guys already know the drill).

Clothes littered the floor, as the sound of kisses spread inside the artifact, Eternity.

This was where Celine had trained William when he was still young, and still learning on how to effectively control the power of Dark Magic.

A sigh escaped Celine's lips as William buried his head in her chest. The Half-Elf lovingly kissed, and nibbled on her right breast, while his other hand, kneaded her left breast, and lightly played with its pink tip that had perked up, and started to become firm under his touch.

The beautiful Elf was currently straddling William, and his strong, and hard manhood was pressing at the entrance of her womb.

Celine didn't move, and simply allowed her Disciple, who had returned to his original form, to have his way with her.

After a while, William's right hand rested on the back of her head, and pulled her towards him. There, both of them shared a passionate kiss as their tongues intertwined with one another.

Only after a minute did Ceilne pull back, as she panted for breath. William stared at her beautiful eyes, and said the words that had wanted to tell her for a very long time.

"Master, I love you," William said. "I love you." Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Celine wrapped her arms around William's head as she planted a kiss on his head. She didn't reply to the red-headed teenager's words of love, but still surrendered her body to his whims.

The beautiful Elf's silence made William's heart skip a beat. Just as Oliver had said, Celine seemed determined to not respond to him verbally, or make a promise that she couldn't keep.

"Master, even if you say nothing, I know that you also care for me," William said as he once again buried his face on her chest, kissing the crevice between her two breasts. "Still, your silence hurts me. Can you at least say something? A yes, or a no is enough."

Celine lightly patted Wiliam's head, as she guided his lips to her left breast, where her pink nipple was waiting for his affection.

William complied as he sucked, and lightly bit that firm tip, with the intention of marking it as his property. After giving it his love and affection, William raised his head and kissed Celine's neck, making her body shudder subconsciously.

"Go on," Celine whispered. "Drink my blood."

William lightly bit and sucked on Celine's neck, living a mark on it. However, he didn't extend his fangs to draw her blood.

Instead, William's hands supported Celine's buttocks, and raised her up a bit, until his mouth, and her breast touched each other.

Suddenly, Celine felt a prickling pain, as William bit her right breast, drawing blood. It didn't take long before a euphoric feeling washed over her body, making her body shudder for the second time.

After the tingling sensation became bearable Celine, held unto William's head as she voiced out her complaint.

"Why do you always suck my blood from that place?" Celine said in a voice that carried a trace of helplessness. "Have you developed some kind of fetish?"

William didn't reply and just continued to drink her blood happily. Although Celine's blood wasn't as delicious as Cathy's, it was still the blood of his first love in the world of Hestia.

It was the blood of the woman, whom he wanted to become his wife. Unfortunately, Celine refused to budge, and simply kept her silence, allowing him to indulge his wildest fantasies with her seductive body that had tasted no other man, but him.

After William had his fill, he kissed the wounds on Celine's breast, healing them in the process. Once it was fully healed, William lowered her body until his manhood slid inside her maidenhood.

Although she didn't say anything, Celine enjoyed the feeling of William's member opening her up inside, and pressing against the entrance of her womb. It was a very intimate feeling, and it allowed her to feel William's warmth, and love, as it was being conveyed by their union.

The two basked in that feeling of intimacy that no words could describe. This time, Celine took the initiative to cup William's face, and raised it up. She then kissed his lips, using her tongue to invade his mouth. The red-headed teenager had just drank her blood, so she was able to taste some of it.

Even so, she didn't stop because doing so would be lying to herself. Just as William had said earlier, even if she didn't say anything, he knew that she deeply cared for him. Her body had already been marked by him their first night together, as he shot his essence deep inside her womb, marking her as his woman.

But, even if that was the case, she still held back and didn't deny or affirm his words. She was one of the two candidates who would become the Bride of Darkness. A part of her wanted William to become the Prince, and the other didn't want him to be the one in the prophecy.

According to the Prophecy, the Prince would be born after much hardship and suffering. Celine would never want William to experience something like that, so she kept her lips shut tightly. She was afraid that if he said that she belonged to her, the thing she dreaded the most would become a reality.

Celine had resolved within herself that, if William wasn't the one in the prophecy, she would burn her life to kill the so-called Heir of Darkness in order to protect herself, and her sister, from becoming his so-called Bride.

Even then, Celine still didn't reject the possibility of William becoming the Prince in the Prophecy. If he really became the chosen one, then the beautiful Elf would stand by his side and offer her everything to him to soothe his heart that had been completely corrupted by darkness.

As these thoughts passed acrossed Celine's mind, William lightly pushed her back, and stared straight into her eyes.

"Master, since you won't answer then I have no other choice but to make sure that you conceive my child,," William said with a serious expression on his face. "That way, you will belong only to me. I don't care who the Prince will be. I will not allow him to steal you from me."

Celine stared into William's clear, and beautiful eyes, only to see her reflection on their surface. She understood that he wasn't bluffing, and he was really planning to make love to her until she was pregnant with his child.

"Do your best," Celine said as she wrapped her arms around William's neck and pressed her entire body against his lean and strong body. "I dare you to make me pregnant."

This was the first time that Celine allowed a trace of her desire to reach William's heart, making the Half-Elf smile as if a weight had been lifted off from his shoulders.

"As you wish, My Love," William said tenderly as he started to move his hips. He held the beautiful Elf firmly in his embrace.

The Half-Elf took his time and used soft, and strong thrusts, to make Celine sigh in pleasure. This in turn, fanned the burning passion, love, and lust in his heart, making their lovemaking reach greater heights.

A few minutes later, both their bodies shuddered at the same time, as Celine felt William's hot essence shoot into her womb. The feeling of ecstacy was so great, the beautiful Elf's vision momentarily turned white, due to how powerful her climax was.

William continued to press his still hard manhood against the entrance of her womb, preventing any of his seed from leaking out of it.

As the afterglow of their first lovemaking started to wane, both of them stared at each other passionately. They had done this several times before, but this time, their eyes revealed what they really felt for each other.

"Master, are you ready?" William asked as he stared into Celine's purple eyes that glowed faintly with power.

Celine didn't answer but she gave William a sweet smile before kissing his lips.

It was a kiss filled with a silent promise that only both of them could understand. Perhaps due to her acceptance of William's idea to have her give birth to his child, the kiss they shared tasted very sweet.

An hour in the outside world was a day inside the artifact Eternity. The Half-Elf was willing to spend many days inside of it in order to make sure that the beautiful Elf conceived his child.

Celine had also given him her silent approval, and allowed him to do as he pleased. Deep inside, she still wanted to fight against Fate. If having William's child would allow her to escape it then she would gladly accept it.

William no longer said anything and carried Celine to the bed. He wouldn't mind missing an entire day in the outside world, as long as he could spend twenty-four days with Celine inside Eternity.

Soon, only sweet sighs, and grunts of pleasure, permeated in a world where two people's hearts only beat for each other.

Free from the troubles of the outside world, and the attraction of the Holy Land of Darkness, William held Celine in a loving embrace. For a brief period of time, he no longer worried about the Demon Lord, or the schemes of the Gremory Clan.

All he cared about was the time that he spent with one of the beautiful Brides of Darkness, whose heart and body were slowly being conquered by him.