Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1036: A Relationship Of Benefits And Gains

(Disclaimer: This chapter contains Rated-18 scenes. You already know the drill).

Celine knelt in the bathtub as she used her seductive lips and tongue to service William to the best of her ability.

Although she was older than him by a few years, her appearance was similar to a young woman in her early twenties. Celine's body was fully developed, which would make any man, and some women, look at her with infatuated gazes.

Her bodily curves could be considered perfect, and many would fight for the opportunity to make her their lover.

Unfortunately for them, this beautiful and mesmerizing Elf was currently using her hands, lips, and tongue, to clean the manhood that had brought her to the peak of ecstasy for the past few days.

William could be considered peerless in the arts of lovemaking because his stamina, and skills in bed was second to none. Even so, after making love to Celine everyday, his desire for her never waned.

Naturally, they took plenty of breaks in between. They dined, and talked to each other, sharing stories of the things that they had encountered while they were apart.

Celine was captivated by William's tale, especially the events that had happened in the Seventh Sanctum, the Deadlands, as well as his time on Earth. The Half-Elf didn't hide anything from her, including the memories of his past lives.

The beautiful Elf was able to control her emotions really well. She had been holding herself back, so that she wouldn't fall for William completely, in fear that what would happen in the future would break both of their hearts.

Their constant lovemaking as well as William's honest words of love were slowly, but surely, loosening the knots that she had placed in her heart. There was even a time during their lovemaking when she almost said she loved him too, in reply to the words of love that the Half-Elf had whispered in her ears.

Fortunately, she had caught herself in time, and masked the incoherent words that escaped her lips as a sigh, not of pleasure, but of relief.

The two of them had just finished making love to each other, and went to take a bath to clean each other up. However, Celine told William that she intended to lick him clean, as a thank you for making her feel loved.

Celine had teased William's manhood with her seductive lips, tongue and hands for half an hour, always stopping just as he was about to reach his climax. This torture was Celine's payback for almost blurting out the words that she had long suppressed inside her heart.

William's face filled with helplessness, each time he was denied release, stroked her sadistic tendencies.

'You think you can conquer me that easily?' Celine thought as she planted a kiss on the throbbing gland in her hand. 'This is payback for what you did earlier.'

It was at that moment when Celine felt William's hand rest on the top of her head. She looked up at him with a questioning gaze as she released his manhood from her sensuous lips, causing an audible popping sound.

"Master, please," William said with a flushed expression. "Give me release."

"Fine," Celine relented. She knew that William was already at his limit, so she decided to end his sensuous torture, so that they could finally clean themselves up and have lunch.

Within a minute, a grunt escaped William's lips as Celine held his member firmly inside her mouth. Soon, William came, and the beautiful Elf took it all in, not letting a single drop spill from her mouth.

Celine made sure to use her hands to properly squeeze William until the last of his essence had been taken in by her. Although she didn't want to admit it, she had grown very fond of William's strong, and manly member, that filled her up to the brim, with the intention of making her conceive.

A few minutes later, Celine washed William's body, scrubbing every nook and cranny. William did the same, and both of them went to the dining room to have their lunch.

While the two immersed themselves inside Eternity, certain things were happening in the Demon Continent.

The Patriarch of the Gremory Clan, Alvah, was listening to the reports of the spies and agents whom he planted in the Southeast Regions, but none of them had seen any trace of the black-haired teenager who went by the name Raymond Parker.

This was something that perplexed Alvah because he thought that William would bulldoze his way towards every Major Clan he passed through, and force them to submit to his will, but it never happened.

Everything was so peaceful that it was making Alvah feel paranoid. For him, he would rather have William take bold actions that would allow the Patriarch of the Gremory Clan to know his whereabouts and where he might strike next.

That way, he could plan properly and set up an ambush in the future, which would deal a devastating blow to the newcomer, who dared to challenge the might of his Clan.

"Are you sure that you haven't seen him?" Alvah asked the Patriarch of the Senka Clan, which he assumed would be one of the first Major Clans that William would visit after leaving the Fortaare Desert. "He should have entered your territory by now." Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

"No. We haven't seen him yet," the patriarch of the Senka Clan replied. "I even placed my scouts along our borders to ensure that we would be warned as soon as he and his entourage appeared, but none of my scouts have seen hints of their shadows. Maybe he changed his mind?"

Alvah shook his head. "Impossible. He's an arrogant person. I'm sure that he will take this opportunity to make his name known to the world."

"Still, the fact remains that he's not here. Maybe he changed his route?"

"It is a possibility. However, continue to stay on your guard."

The patriarch of the Senka Clan nodded. "Understood."

Alvah cut the connection and immediately looked at the map of the Demon Continent in front of him.

He narrowed his eyes and he scanned the map for possible routes that the black-haired teenager might have taken after leaving the desert.

"Did I calculate incorrectly?" Alvah thought as he eyed the map. "Could he have gone to the West? But he has been traveling towards the North all this time…"

As the old man made his speculations, he heard a knock on the door which made him stop his pondering for the time being.

"Enter!" Alvah commanded.

The door opened, and one of his trusted subordinates entered the room. The subordinate walked towards Alvah and only stopped two-meters away from him before kneeling on the floor.

"My Liege, the Demon Lord has sent a message to you," the subordinate reported.

"Where is it?" Alvah asked.

Alvah's trusted subordinate took out a communication crystal from his pocket and presented it to him. In truth, Alvah and Luciel didn't have a close relationship. Both of them were just using the other for benefits, but they were fine with this arrangement.

In truth, Alvah had used Luciel's influence many times in the past to allow the Gremory Clan to reach unprecedented heights under his management. This in turn strengthened the Demon Lord's faction, so Luciel turned a blind eye to Alvah's machinations.

Both of them understood that they needed each other, so they tolerated each other to a certain extent.

Alvah channeled his magic power to the communication crystal, and Luciel's image appeared in front of him. This was only a recorded message, so the only thing he could do was listen to the Demon Lord's reply to his concern about the black-haired teeanger, who was causing a ruckus in the Southern Regions of the continent.

"I have already sent people to investigate his identity and whereabouts," Luciel's cold and domineering voice spread inside Alvah's office. "Once I get a better grasp of his intention, I will send one of my generals to assist you in dealing with him.

"This is a crucial time, and I can't leave the Capital. I will leave the matters concerning this newcomer to you. I don't care how you deal with him, but make sure not to ruin the bigger picture. The clans who support me are becoming fewer in number, and it is mostly due to your greed.

"It will be best if you control your expansion for the time being. I don't want the Major Clans to turn their back to me, especially since I have received credible information that someone is plotting to overthrow me. If you don't have any other important matters to tell me, it is best that you just communicate directly to my general. I don't like getting letters signed by you."

Alvah controlled his urge to spit on his carpeted floor because he also didn't want to interact with Luciel as much as possible. Their relationship was purely about benefits and gains, so they didn't feel the need to flatter each other.

'Fine, I'll handle this on my own,' Alvah grumbled as he once again stared at the map of the Demon Continent in front of him.

Just like Luciel had said, he couldn't risk the bigger picture. This was something that both of them had wanted these past two decades. Even if they hated each other, he would still send every able-bodied member of the Gremory Clan to rally under Luciel's banner.

That was the only way for their clan to regain their honor and dignity, which had been torn apart by the Dungeon Conqueror, who had blocked their way to victory.