Chapter 1038: Hit The Demon Lord Where It Would Hurt The Most

Princess Sidonie and Lilith stared at Celine as if she was their mortal enemy. For the first time, the two ladies agreed on something, and that was to be wary of the purple-haired woman, who was calmly drinking tea in front of them.

William had invited Celine inside his Thousand Beast Domain, so they could have breakfast together, and the latter accepted his invitation. When the seductive Succubus, and the Amazon Princess saw the beautiful Elf beside their lover, both of them felt threatened, as if their position in William's heart was about to be kicked away by the intruder that had come to their Villa.

Ashe and Chiffon sat on William's left and right sides, and hand fed him with biscuits, even though they had just finished eating breakfast.

Unlike Princess Sidonie and Lilith, Chiffon was quite happy that another one of her sisters seemed to be interested in William. As for Ashe, she had long known that the Half-Elf had feelings for Celine, so she wasn't surprised about this outcome.

Vesta, on the other hand, observed the subtle tension in the air with a smile on her face. For some reason, her inner Demon wanted to see a confrontation between the three ladies, who were calmly drinking tea, as they eyed each other.

"Will, who is she?" Lilith, who still hadn't met Celine, asked. "At first I thought that she was Professor Celeste. But, after careful observation, I realized that her aura is different from hers."

William smiled as he looked at the Amazon Princess who rarely appeared inside his Domain due to her responsibilities as Princess in the Ares Empire.

"She is my Master, Celine Dy Wisteria," William replied as she introduced Celine to his fiance. "Master, this is Princess Lilith of the Amazon Empire. She is my fiance."

Celine looked at Lilith and gave her a brief nod. "I have heard that the Amazon Warriors are always looking for eligible men to bring back to their Empire, so that they can give birth to strong warriors. So, you chose my Disciple as your partner?"

"That's right," Lilith answered.

"You have a weird taste in men."

"... I can't refute that."

The smile on William's face stiffened when he heard Celine's casual jab, as well as Lilith's agreement. For some reason, he had the strong urge to throw the two ladies into the artifact Eternity, and fight them there with two hundred rounds in bed.

"What do you like about him?" Celine asked. "I'm very curious about how the Amazons grade their seed donors."

"Actually, I didn't like him at the start," Lilith replied as she gave William a side-long glance. "I just wanted his seed, but after a series of events, I discovered that I have a thing for redheads, so I decided to make him my life partner."

"That's quite unfortunate. You got the short end of the stick."

"Yes. Truly unfortunate."

The corner of William's lips started to twitch because he didn't know if the two girls were praising him, or making fun of him.

Chiffon, who was listening on the side, giggled as she placed a biscuit against William's pouty lips. The Half-Elf took a bite and chewed it angrily.

'Just you wait, both of you,' William thought. 'I'll make sure to stick it in until the two of you beg for forgiveness.'

Celine and Lilith chatted for a while longer before the Amazon Princess reluctantly left the Thousand Beast Domain to return to her duties. However, before she left, she made sure to give William a passionate kiss and whispered an "I'm sorry" to him, which made William hold back his plan to let Lilith experience the full course of the Kama Sutra in a single night.

After Lilith left, William's expression became serious as he discussed his next plan of action with the ladies in the living room. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"My main goal for coming to the Demon Continent was to find my Master, Celine, and bring her to Hestia Academy. However, I have a feeling that if we let the Demon Lord, and the Gremory Clan continue with their schemes, another war is going to break out. I'm sure that none of us want to see this happen, so I've decided to put our return trip on hold, and throw a wedge in their plans."

Princess Sidonie who played a key role in William's plan nodded her head in agreement. "Although the forces of the Central Continent may seem united on the surface, in truth, they are all waiting for the right opportunity to cut each other's throats.

"An attack by the Demons would allow them to break the delicate balance among them, and use this time to expand their Domains. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if some of these Empires and Kingdoms have already had dealings with the Demons. To be perfectly honest, I am afraid that the Kraetor Empire might have dealings with them as well."

Princess Sidonie sighed as she glanced at Chiffon. The pink-haired girl met her gaze and nodded her head. The fact that she was able to study in the academy for a few months meant that her father, Luciel, and Emperor Leonidas, of the Kraetor Empire had some sort of connection.

Even so, Chiffon didn't regret coming to the human empire to study. If she didn't, she wouldn't have met William, and might have fallen into the corruption of her Divinity.

William lightly patted Chiffon's head as if to reassure her that she was currently safe beside him. The pink-haired girl rested her head on William's chest and wrapped her arms around him. She had no intention of being separated from her husband, even if the entire world were to become her enemy.

"I'm sure that the Gremory Clan are on the lookout for any information regarding me, but I already thought of a fool-proof way to hide my whereabouts from them," William explained. "The only problem is that the Demon Continent is vast. I'm afraid that we won't have enough time to Charm every Major Clan, and make them our double agents before the war starts."

Princess Sidonie nodded because this was also one of her concerns. Traveling the continent took days because there were very few teleportation gates within the continent. All Demons were wary of each other, and they would never build a teleportation gate that could be used by their enemies to amass their troops and attack their territories.

According to one of the Patriarchs that they had charmed, the preparations for the war were underway. He added that the mobilization could start in a month at the soonest, and three months at the latest.

The Gremory Clan had already laid down the groundwork with the backing of the Demon Lord. All they needed was the approval from over seventy of the Major Clans' Patriarchs and this war would commence as soon as possible.

"I asked for Grandmaster's input about the war, but the only thing she told me was that she hated politics," William said with a bitter smile. "However, she did promise that she wouldn't assist the Demon Clans if they crossed their borders to wage war on the Human and Elven lands."

Kenneth, who was listening to their talk with his eyes closed, lightly tapped his fingertip on his armrest.

In truth, William's Mother, Lady Arwen, was also worried about the happenings in the Demon Realm. This was why she asked Kenneth to send her reports about the movements of the Demon Army.

"So, what are you planning to do now?" Vesta asked as she placed her tea cup on the table. "One month is not enough time to cover the entire Demon Realm. If you really want to keep the Demon Army from crossing our borders, you need to come up with a plan to make them reconsider their decision."

William nodded his head in agreement.

"You're right," William replied. "This is why I've decided to attack a place that will leave an impression on all the Major Clans in the Demon Continent."

Vesta narrowed her eyes as she waited for William to continue his statement. She was very curious about what the Half-Elf could possibly do with the limited time that he had.

"Everyone, we are going to the North," William declared. "We will bring down the Gremory Clan, and remove the Demon Lord's one-true-backer. Doing this will be like hitting two birds with one stone. Both of them are inseparable, so this is the best option that we have right now."

Princess Sidonie smirked because she liked William's bold plan to hit the Demon Lord where it would hurt the most. As long as they could take down the Gremory Clan, the other Major Clans would think twice before sending their men to the battlefield.