Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1040: The Forces Under Alvah's Command

"Okay, let's start our strategy meeting," William said as he scanned the faces of everyone that would be participating in the attack against the capital city of the Gremory Clan, Lexicon. "Cassey, tell us everything you know about our opponents."

The Patriarch of the Rajah Clan nodded her head as she explained all the information that she had gathered over the years.

"The Gremory Clan is recognized as the strongest demon clan in the continent. They have a total of seven cities, and have twenty Vassal Clans," Cassey explained. "Five of those twenty are medium-sized Clans, which all have their own Vassal Clans under them.

"There are no Major Clans in the northern regions of the Demon Continent who dare to challenge their authority. This has allowed them to set their sights on other places, and expand their territories from there."

Cassey paused as she took a crystal out from her storage ring and activated it. Immediately, the image of Alvah, as well as the forces under his command appeared on the list.

"Aside from his personal army, Alvah also has three Myriad Beast under him," Cassey said as she waved her hand, showing the three monsters that served as Alvah's trump cards.

The image of a six-meter tall monster with thick white fur, and sharp fangs appeared in front of everyone.

"The Great Yeti, Banffa, is the Protector Beast of the frozen north, and is said to call upon the power of blizzards when battling against its opponents," Cassey stated. "Please note that aside from the names of the Beasts, and their ranks, everything else is just rumors that I've gathered over the years. Meaning, whether this monster is capable of summoning blizzards or not, is something that is not confirmed."

Cassey waved her hand again and the image of the Great Yeti disappeared, this time, a five-hundred-meter long Snake with nine heads appeared in the projection.

"This monster is called a Xiangliu. It is a very venomous monster whose regeneration abilities wouldn't lose to that of a Hydra. It participated in the great battle against the Silvermoon Continent, but it was grievously injured when it fought against the Ancient Golem Drauum."

William crossed his arms over his chest when he heard the name of the Ancient Golem who had become a nightmare to him during the war in the Southern Continent.

Since it was an ancient golem, it was immune to poison, so it is quite understandable that the Xiangliu wasn't a match against it. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"Lastly, Argus Panoptes," Cassey frowned as the image of a Giant, with over a hundred eyes on its head, was projected in front of them. "This Giant is often referred to as All-Seeing because it can see through disguises, as well as invisible things, for miles. It is also the one that guards the Capital City of Lexicon.

"With it standing guard, any plans to attack the capital city will be thwarted long before the attackers reach the walls of the city. You could even say that it is the greatest hurdle that we must overcome if we plan to take Gremory Clan's stronghold by storm."

William stared at the giant monster, but he wasn't too concerned about it. With the plan he had in mind, it wouldn't matter whether the hundred-eyed monster saw them or not.

"How about the defenses of the City of Lexicon?" William asked. "How large is the army that protects it?"

Cassey pondered before giving an answer.

"According to the spy I planted in that city many years ago, they have at least three-hundred thousand troops guarding the capital city," Cassey answered. "The weakest among them are in the Mithril Rank (Grade A Monster). They were personally handpicked among the strongest warriors that were born among the vassals of the Gremory Clan.

"The rest of the Gremory Clan's army is stationed along the borders of their territory. If given time, the number of their forces could triple if the reinforcements from the different clans arrive to help defend the city."

Cassey snapped her fingers and a map of the city appeared in front of everyone.

"Lexicon City is also the second biggest city in the Demon Continent, its size is roughly a hundred square miles, and home to at least two to four million demons.

William nodded in understanding. He was quite impressed by Cassey's knowledge about the Gremory Clan, which meant that she had been paying close attention to them ever since she became Patriarch of her Clan.

"So, where is the residence of the Gremory Clan located?" William asked.

Cassey sighed as she looked at the projection of the city.

"The residence of the Gremory Clan can't be found in the city," Cassey explained. "The first Patriarch of the Gremory Clan was a cautious individual, so he decided to keep the main residence of their Clan hidden and use a fake residence in the city to meet the dignitaries and other officials of the different Clans that visit Lexicon City."

William arched an eyebrow because he didn't expect that even Cassey didn't know where the residence of the Gremory Clan was located.

He understood that as long as they were not aware of its location, they wouldn't be able to deal a devastating blow to the strongest clan in the Demon Continent. This was the only way that they could think of in order to make the other Major Clans reconsider their decision to join the large-scale war that the Demon Lord was planning to execute.

"Are there other things that you liked to add?" William inquired just in case Cassey had forgotten to say any important information that she currently had.

Cassey nodded. "There's one more thing that I think you should know. The Ancient Ruins that have been recently discovered are just fifty miles away from Lexicon City. I have no idea how many troops are stationed in that place, but I heard that all those who possess Dark Magic in the Demon Realm are now gathered in that location."

William and Celine exchanged a glance at each other before shifting their attention back to Cassey. When they were still inside Eternity, the two of them had talked about the strong attraction that the Ancient Ruins had over the two of them.

The Half-Elf would be lying if he said that he wasn't tempted to visit the place. However, his gut instinct was telling him to never set foot in that place. Celine also didn't want to go to that place because she felt that going there would endanger her life.

This was why the Master and Disciple pair decided to never go to that destination, where the pull of darkness was strong enough to make them lose control of their senses for a brief period of time.