Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1042: Clash Of Clans [Part 1]

Alvah stared at the map in front of him with a determined gaze, as if gazing at it was enough to let him know exactly where William was currently.

It had been almost two weeks since he had last heard of his exploits and, since then, not even his shadow had been seen.

Alvah had used all of the manpower and connections at his disposal to find the black-haired teenager who dared to challenge his authority.

However, it had not yielded any results. The Patriarchs of the Major Clans who were close to him even told him that he was being paranoid about an Upstart that just wanted his name to be known to the world.

This was a very common occurrence in the Demon Realm, so the Patriarchs of the Major Clans didn't think much of it. Some even assured Alvah that the one who went by the name Raymond Parker had already gone into hiding because he was afraid of the Gremory Clan's, as well as the Demon Lord's, wrath.

If this incident had happened half a year ago, Alvah would definitely not think much of it as well. However, the mocking gaze that Raymond Parker gave him not long ago was etched in his memories.

'Those were not the eyes of an Upstart,' Alvah thought. 'Those were the eyes of someone that is not afraid of me, or the Demon Lord. I'm sure that he is planning something and I'm sure that, whatever it is, it will not be simple.'

Just as Alvah was thinking of calling his spies, in order to check if they had heard any news about Raymond Parker, he received a message from his Myriad Beast that continually kept a lookout in his territory.

"Something very bright is shining in the sky over the city?" Alvah asked with a frown. "Are you sure?"

"Yes," the Myriad Beast, Argus, replied. "It is at least a dozen miles up in the sky. I can't see it clearly because it is shining brightly."

"Could it be a meteor?"

"I don't think so. Whatever it is, it's not moving."

Argus had been the protector of Lexicon City for many years. During its watch, it had seen several meteors fall down from the sky, but most of them burned up and disintegrated before they ever touched the ground. This was why it was confident that whatever it was looking at right now, was not a meteor. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"At least a dozen miles in the sky?" Alvah's frown deepened. "I don't know of any beasts that can fly that high. Even Dragons don't go to such lengths when they fly in the sky."

Suddenly he received another message from Argus. This time, the Myriad Beast declared that whatever was in the sky was now falling towards the city.

"Activate the city's barrier!" Alvah ordered.

The defenses of the city were being controlled by Argus, so he wasted no time ordering his Myriad Beast to protect the city with the barrier that had been placed long ago.

A dome of blue light enveloped the entirety of Lexicon City, as the unidentified object descended from the heavens at a very fast rate.

Argus followed its trajectory and when it had confirmed where it would land, it immediately left its post and fled. To his surprise, the angle of the falling object shifted and it was once again locked into its location.

'Impossible!' Argus thought as he ran away again.

Since it was a giant, its strides allowed it to traverse great distances in a matter of seconds. But, no matter where he went, the trajectory of the falling object remained locked onto its body.

In desperation, Argus summoned its giant Spiked Mace and braced itself for impact. Although the city was enveloped in a very powerful barrier, it felt that it wouldn't be enough to stop whatever it was that was targeting it.

Using all of its concentration, Argus focused its hundred eyes on the meteor-like object that was about to fall into the city that he had protected for many years.

"A stick? No… a spear?" Argus muttered as he firmly planted his feet on the ground, and raised his weapon high.

It was at that moment when a powerful shout echoed throughout the entire city of Lexicon.

"Bloom in the battlefield!"

"Fleur Du Soleil!"

The spear of the Sun God shone radiantly like it never had in the past. William had allowed it to soak up the power of the sun in the stratosphere for three-full days, raising its might to unprecedented levels.

The moment its tip descended upon the barrier, a powerful explosion, similar to that of a nuclear warhead, thundered in the surroundings. For a few seconds, the world turned very bright. It was so bright that everyone was forced to cover their eyes, so that they wouldn't go blind.

Unfortunately, for the Hundred-eyed Giant, it only had a single hand to cover its eyes because the other hand was holding a weapon in a tight grip.

Argust screamed as his eyes went blind due to the brightness that burned them to the core, but his scream was muffled by the thunderous explosion that shook the entire city.

Moments later, the barrier shattered and Soleil descended towards the giant, who was struggling in pain.

Due to its searing hotness, the spear pierced through Argus' spiked mace, and went straight into its head, burying itself deep inside it before unleashing its fiery might.

Suddenly, Argus' head exploded like a watermelon. Its body then collapsed on the ground deader than dead.

That was how the Hundred-Eyed Guardian of Lexicon City died, which made Alvah, who felt the backlash of its death, hold his head in pain.

William hovered above the city as he watched the barrier crumble underneath his feet.

"Go!" William said as a portal appeared behind his back.

The two Flying Armored Elephants, Gluteus and Maximus, trumpeted their arrival. Riding on top of Maximus was none other than Cassey, who still had a dumbfounded expression on her face.

She thought that they would have a hard time breaking through the city's defenses. However, all it took was one attack from William and the barrier, as well as one of the Myriad Beasts under Alvah's control, was demolished under his overpowering might.