Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1043: Clash Of Clans [Part 2]

William held Soleil in his hand as he gazed at his surroundings.

He had ordered Gluteus and Maximus to trample the Gremory Clan's fake residence, in order to make Alvah, and his subordinates show themselves to him. He didn't like senseless killing, so he prohibited the two Flying Armored Elephants, as well as Cassey, from attacking the civilians.

Soon, the sound of horns reverberated in the air as the army of the Gremory Clan mobilized to fight off the invaders.

William then threw Soleil back towards the sky to let it absorb more sunlight. It had depleted its firepower after breaking through the barrier and killing the Hundred-Eyed Giant. The Half-Elf had often wondered what Soleil would be able to do if it was allowed to absorb sunlight for a very long time.

The destruction that it had caused earlier made him realize that the longer the spear soaked in the sunlight, the more devastating its attack. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Since that was the case, he needed to let it charge in as much sunlight as it could, before he used it again for another lethal strike.

Cassey, who was currently mounted on top of Maximus, gave William a side-long glance before shifting her gaze back to the army that was in front of her.

In truth, she was quite happy that she and William were on the same side. Her most powerful Summon, Impundulu, had only one weakness and that was Divine Flames. As far as she knew, Alvah didn't have any of that in his arsenal, which made her resolve stronger.

"Slaughter them, Impundulu!" Cassey ordered.

A powerful shriek answered her call and a giant black bird with dark-purplish streaks on the tips of its wings appeared above her. Tendrils of lightning snaked around its body, as it charged towards the approaching army with the intention of drinking all of their blood.

Just as the giant vampiric bird was about to start its slaughter, a giant nine-headed snake materialized in front of it, and spat poisonous fumes in its direction.

Impundulu didn't even bat an eye at the deadly attack and charged forward. It then unleashed a powerful lightning AOE skill that made the giant nine-headed snake, as well as the army behind it, scream in pain.

Suddenly, gray clouds covered the sky, and a strong gust of wind blew over the city. Soon, it started to snow heavily, reducing the visibility.

The Great Yeti, Banffa, gave a resounding roar as it unleashed the power of a blizzard to wreak havoc on its foes.

William sneered as he changed his job class to Ice Sovereign and manipulated the blizzard to his advantage.

Soon, hail as big as bowling balls crashed down on the Gremory Clan's army. The soldiers didn't expect the Blizzard that their Protector Beast had summoned to be used against them. This had caught them completely by surprise and, in less than a minute, most of them had suffered injuries due to the powerful barrage that seemed unending.

Banffa roared in anger because it had never faced anyone who was able to manipulate its elemental storm to such an extent. After realizing that his opponent also held the ability to wield the power of ice, the Great Yeti once again took control of the Blizzard and used it to attack William and his allies.

William pressed his palms together as he tried to wrest control of the Blizzard from the Myriad Beast, but Banffa's hold on it was secure. Since that was the case, William did the next best thing and that was to create a blizzard of his own!

The already heavy snowfall became heavier, and visibility had been reduced to zero. No one could see anything, except the vast whiteness that was in front of them.

Aside from the whistling sound of snow and wind, only the screech of Impundulu, as well as the shriek of the nine-headed snake, Xiangliu, could be heard.

Perhaps, only William was able to see the current status of the battlefield thanks to Optimus, who was monitoring the battle and the city in real time.

< If you keep this up, the Gremory Clan's army will be buried in snow in five minutes tops. >

'How about Alvah? Have you found him?' William inquired as he continued his battle with Banffa, who was also strengthening its Blizzard to unprecedented levels.

Although no one could see it, William and the Myriad Beast were attacking each other with Glacial Spears, Icycle Shards, and several other ice elemental attacks in order to prove which of them was superior over the other.

Their battle has become so intense that Gluteus and Maximus had no choice but to take shelter from the icy torture that they were experiencing. Although they had very sturdy bodies, both of them were still beasts at the peak of the Millennial Rank.

A battle between powerhouses could easily turn them into ice statues. Fortunately, William had encased them in a protective barrier that prevented them from freezing over.

Cassey's lips had already started to turn blue due to the sheer cold that she was experiencing.

Even so, she didn't retreat and summoned her Ancient Fire Elemental to keep her, and the two Flying Armored Elephants warm.

As powerful as it may be, the Ancient Fire Elemental was also having a very difficult time. It if was fighting against Banffa then it could definitely fight it to a tie. However, with William summoning a powerful blizzard to contend with the Myriad Beast, the only thing the Ancient Elemental could do was to keep itself, and the three creatures beside it warm and toasty.

—---

Alvah smashed his fist on the table as he gazed at the grayish world in front of him. Even if his consciousness was connected with the Great Yeti, he was still unable to overpower the black-haired teenager that had come uninvited into his domain.

Originally, he mocked William for trying to fight his Myriad Beast using the power of ice. He didn't expect that not only did his opponent resist his attack, the invader even summoned his own Blizzard to make the situation much worse.

'My soldiers will be buried in snow at this rate,' Alvah gritted his teeth as he ordered his Great Yeti to cancel the Blizzard that it had conjured. This was the only thing that he could do in order to preserve his army's fighting strength.

William noticed that the force that had been pushing against him had disappeared completely, and only the Blizzard he summoned continued to rain hail and snow everywhere he pleased.

"Heh, do you think I'll stop because you stopped?" William sneered. "Not a chance!"

The snow and hail had almost buried the army in front of him. He would be a fool to stop now and give them some time to recover from his devastating attack.

As William was about to strengthen the power of the blizzard to the next level, a whistling sound reached his ears, and it was not a whistle that came from the wind.

It was at that moment when Wiliam's sixth sense kicked in, so he hurriedly jumped to his right side.

At the corner of William's vision, he saw something red flash amidst the white world that he had created. Suddenly, the place where he had just been earlier exploded, sending snow flying in every direction.

The attack was so powerful that it seemed to have cut the blizzard in half, making it dissipate as if it was just a dream.

William gazed at the red, whip-like weapon that had broken his spell so easily before shifting his gaze to the still-whistling creature that was at least four meters tall.

It was carrying a sack behind it, and from the bones sticking out of its holes, William knew that this opponent was not something he could brush aside completely.