Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1050: I Am Looking For My Prince [Part 1]

Two days later, a lightning bolt descended from the sky and landed at the residence of the Patriarch of the Sand Clan.

William lightly stretched his arms, body, and neck waving at the old man, who had dark circles under his eyes.

"Yo! Old Zeph. I'm glad to see you're still alive," William said with a smile.

"You imp! How dare you do this to me?" Zeph asked as spittle flew in every direction. "Do you think it's funny to let someone that could potentially annihilate my entire Clan inside our main residence? You bastard! How dare you do this to me?"

"Calm down. I didn't even know that they decided to go sightseeing in the Demon Continent. This is not my fault."

"Well, they could have chosen to sightsee somewhere else! I don't want my Clan to suffer the same fate as the Greenskin Clan!"

William chuckled, but deep inside he was feeling sorry for the old man. After experiencing what Shannon was capable of, he understood where he was coming from. Even so, the Half-ELf thought that since the old coot and him were on the same side, it was fine to share his burdens with him, right?

"It's fine, aren't you still alive?" William commented as he tried to pacify the old Demon whose veins were bulging at the corner of his head. "Besides, both of them are good girls. Did they make things hard for you? Of course not. That is how confident I am in their character."

"Well, I guess you're right." Zeph wasn't able to refute William's words because Princess Aila and Shannon had been very cooperative with them. They didn't even leave their room and just waited for the Half-Elf to arrive, which took a load off of the old man's shoulders.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

The two talked as they walked together. William mostly asked about the recent news that was happening around the Demon Continent.

After dealing a devastating blow to the Orkish Clan, William also visited another Clan, which also had strong ties with the Gremory Clan, and demolished their city to the ground. This was part of the strategy that Old Zeph had come up with, so it was crucial for William to ensure that the attack would be a success.

After doing these two things, the Half-Elf immediately returned to the Fortaare Desert to know why Princess Aila, Shannon, Conan, Elliot, and Chloee, decided to come to the Demon Realm in order to find him.

As soon as William arrived at the temporary residence where his friends were staying, a little fairy came flying in his direction with a mighty shout.

"Stupid Disciple! What took you so long?!"

"It's nice to see you again Sixth Mast-argh!" . ᴄᴏᴍ

Chloee didn't bat an eye and gave William's chest a powerful kick, which sent him smashing towards the wall of the residence, breaking it completely.

Zeph, who was standing right beside the Half-Elf half a few moments ago, made a fist pump and gave Chloee two thumbs up in his heart. He had long wanted to slap the black-haired teeanger silly, but only held back because he was afraid of retaliation.

Seeing William suffer from the little fairy's kick made Zeph feel that the VIP Treatment that he had given Chloee's group wasn't wasted.

'This feeling is good,' Zeph mused as he pretended to look concerned at what had just transpired in front of him. He didn't even pay attention to the damaged wall in his residence. If possible, he even wanted to urge Chloee to continue beating William up, even if the entire place goes down.

Losing a small residence as a price to see Wiliam getting beaten up was something that he would pay to see.

"You're still the same, Sixth Master," William said with a face filled with injustice as he stood up from the rubble, while clutching his chest. He had just finished using a healing spell to cure his injury, so he did not feel any pain from the blow he had just received.

"Hmp! This is what you get for making me wait!" Chloee crossed her arms over her chest and glared at William. "If you want to compensate me. Give me more of those chocolate bars. I know that you stocked up on a lot of them."

Seeing the little fairy's attempt at extortion made the corner of William's lips twitch. Even so, he still agreed to his request. A happy Chloee was a Chloee that doesn't randomly attack people with a flying kick.

Right after giving the little fairy over a dozen chocolate bars, the Half-Elf noticed two figures standing on the balcony of the residence.

One of them was an angelic beauty. One that would make any guy want to protect her smile.

The other was another beauty, whose gaze was enough to literally send you to the afterlife.

"It has been a while, Aila, Shannon," William said in greeting. "Sorry for making the two of you wait."

"I'm glad to see you again, Sir William," Princess Aila replied with a smile.

Shannon, on the other hand, only nodded her head in greeting. No one knew that underneath her fox mask, the young lady could feel her cheeks burning, as she gazed at the black-haired-teenager, whose exploits had made her heart skip a beat.

Five minutes later…

William sat on a chair and casually sipped on his tea. On his right shoulder, Chloee, who was holding a chocolate bar in her hands, sat and ate without a care in the world.

Conan sat on Princess Aila's shoulder, while Elliot took this opportunity to get some fresh air. For the past three days, the angelic familiar had been keeping a close eye on Shannon to ensure that she wouldn't cause any trouble for the Sand Clan.

It was a very taxing duty because Shannon liked her newfound freedom. She would often try to sneak out of the residence, just to go sightseeing, but Elliot couldn't let this happen. If Shannon was attacked by a foolish Demon from the Sand Clan, and she accidentally killed them in the process, the harmonious relationship between Zeph and William might become strained.

In order to prevent this from happening, he took it upon himself to guard Shannon 24/7 and thwart her attempts to escape from the residence in order to satisfy her curiosity.

When William arrived, Elliot was finally able to breathe a sigh of relief because he was sure that the Half-Elf could reign her in. Since that was the case, he left the residence to wander around the city, in search of something interesting to help him pass time.

"Okay. I think it's about time that the two of you tell me why you are here in the Demon Continent," William said as he placed his tea cup on the table. "Let's start with you, Shannon. How did you manage to escape, and why did you escape?"

The fox lady turned her head to look at William. Although she was still wearing a mask, the Half-Elf could feel a pair of determined eyes looking back in his direction.

"I came here in the Demon Continent to find my Prince," Shannon said.

"You're looking for your what?" William asked. "A Prince? Here in the Demon Continent? Are you out of your mind?"

Shannon smiled underneath her mask as she eyed William with an amused expression on her face.

"Yes. I am looking for my Prince," Shannon answered. "In fact, I am looking at him right now."