Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1052: I Want To Sleep With You Tonight

William stared towards the North with his arms crossed over his chest, while Conan sat on top of his shoulder.

He had told Princess Aila and Shannon that he would seriously think about his answer to their confessions after he finished dealing with the things he needed to do in the Demon Continent.

Originally, he planned to politely reject both of them, but before he could do that, Conan told him via telepathy that the two of them should have a talk in private first, before he gave the two ladies his answer.

As a familiar born from a quarter of the Half-Elf's soul, Conan understood William the best. He knew that William had no time to entertain any other women aside from the ones he currently had, but he still wanted to let William know about Princess Aila's dreams.

Because if he didn't do this, it would just be a tragic thing for both William and Princess Aila.

"Conan, what do you want to talk about?" William asked via telepathy. "You know that my decision has already been made. There is no use trying to talk me out of it."

"I know," Conan answered, "but like I told you earlier, there is something that I need to tell you before you give your answer to Aila and Shannon."

"Is it that important?"

"To the present you, no. However, to the past you, it is fairly important."

William's eyes widened in shock as he glanced at the little devil on his shoulders. He didn't have to be a genius to understand what Conan was trying to say.

"Are you telling me that Aila and I shared a connection in my life in Asgard?" William inquired.

"Maybe," Conan answered. "I'm not entirely sure, but she kept having these dreams about a silver-haired Einherjar. It will be best if you use your Dreamwalker skill, and see for yourself whether you really have a connection with her or not."

"But, I don't have any memories of her?"

"You also didn't know of Acedia's existence until you entered Ashe's dreams for the first time, right? Why don't you give it a try first. This will also bring closure to a part of our past."

William remained silent for a full minute before reluctantly nodding his head. Conan managed to convince him, and he was also very curious about the dreams that Princess Aila had. Perhaps, by entering her dream, some unanswered questions that he had of the past, would finally open up to him.

—--

On the rooftop of their temporary residence…

"So? How did it go?"

"He ignored me."

Elliot chuckled as he gazed at the grumpy Chloee who was currently munching on pancakes.

"Of course it's not going to be easy," Elliot answered. "If I was in his place, I would have said the same thing."

"But you told me that he loves me," Chloee stated while glaring at him. "Was that a lie?"

Elliot sighed as he glanced at the North. "It was the truth. However, just like you, William is burying that feeling in the corner of his heart. He understands that the two of you are not meant to be together because he is a Half-Elf and you are a familiar."

Chloee snorted as she resumed her savage eating of her pancakes. She thought that by taking advantage of Shannon's confession, she would also be able to express her feelings as well, but it just backfired on her.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

William treated her words as a joke. Just as he had thought Shannon's words to be before the Fox Lady told him how serious she was.

"Then, what should I do?" Chloee asked. "Is there really no other way?"

"Um? I'm not a love advisor. Why are you asking me?" Elliot asked back.

Chloee looked at the angelic familiar with a dumbfounded expression on her face before nodding her head.

"You're right. Sorry, I made a mistake," Chloee said. "How can you be a love advisor after I rejected your confession?"

"Ouch," Elliot pressed his hands over his chest as a pained expression appeared on his face. "You don't hold back, do you?."

Chloee ignored him and returned to eating. Since the no-good-Elliot was of no help to her, she decided that talking with him was just a waste of time.

The angelic familiar sighed as he once again shifted his gaze to the North.

In truth, he wanted to tell Chloee that she had a chance, but after seeing how that chance appeared, he would rather not say anything about it.

'Sometimes being able to see the future is a curse,' Elliot thought. 'I've never felt so helpless in my life.'

—---

Shannon visited Princess Aila and apologized for the outburst she had made earlier. She said that she didn't mean to hurt the Princess feelings, and only wanted to let her feelings known, so that she wouldn't have any regrets in life.

Princess Aila said that there was nothing to apologize for because Shannon and her were in the same boat. After talking for a while, the two girls decided to have a heart-to-heart talk about what they would do while they waited for William's answer.

The Half-Elf had told them that there were many things that he needed to do in the Demon Continent, and he couldn't give them an answer right away. Princess Aila and Shannon knew that they couldn't press William for an answer,

When Shannon asked Princess Aila how William and she met, the angelic Princess didn't hold back and told her everything.

"Back then, when I was about to be married off in the Kyrintor Mountains, I thought that this was something that I should do as a Princess of my Dynasty," Princess Aila said as the memories of the past flashed through her mind. "However, just as I had resigned myself to my Fate, he came along and pulled me out of that helpless situation."

Shannon listened intently because this was something that she had not witnessed in the past. There was a very powerful barrier that shielded everyone's eyes from what was happening on the Southern Continent, and even Shannon's vision was obscured back then.

Not being able to draw that war was one of the regrets in her life, so she pressed Shannon to continue her story, so that she could paint it inside her mind instead.

The hours passed by without their knowledge. Only when Princess Aila's stomach grumbled in protest did the two realize how late it had become.

As the two walked towards the dining hall, they came across William who seemed to have just finished eating his dinner. The moment the Half-Elf saw the pair of beautiful girls, he walked towards them and whispered something in Princess Aila's ears.

After saying what he needed to say, he left in a casual manner without even turning back.

Shannon glanced in William's direction before shifting her attention back to Alia. Even though the hallway was not that brightly lit, the Fox Lady could see a tinge of red that was slowly creeping up the angelic Princess' face.

Princess Aila then lightly rubbed her face as she tried to regain her composure. She didn't know if she just misheard William or not, but the words that he had told her resonated inside her mind, over and over again.

"I want to sleep with you tonight."

Those were the words that made the angelic beauty's heart skip a beat. She didn't know why the Half-Elf she liked said those words to her, but one thing was certain.

She wouldn't be sleeping alone in her bed tonight.