Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1054: Aila's Dream [Part 2]

The first thing that William heard was the sound of a river flowing freely in the distance.

Slowly but surely, the white world in front of him disappeared, and was replaced by beautiful scenery.

These scenes were not new to him because he had seen similar things in Midgard, Asgard, and Alfheim.

As he scanned his surroundings, he noticed a silver-haired teenager lying unconscious beside the river. A single glance was enough to tell him that it was the Einherjar William that he was seeing.

'So, it's true?' William thought as he looked at the self who seemed to have received serious injuries from a battle.

As one of the Einherjars, he would often be sent into the battlefield, alongside his comrades, to keep the forces of Jotunheim and Muspelheim at bay. William was no stranger to these battles, and he had almost died in several of them.

Fortunately, he could be considered lucky, as well as unlucky, for being able to see the end of the world and be the last one standing, out of all those who stood up against the forces of destruction.

As these memories played inside his head, he saw several giant, flying manta rays in the distance. The Half-Elf thought that they would just pass by his location, but one of the manta rays broke out from their formation and headed in his direction.

It was then when he saw her. A young lady with long purple hair that fluttered in the breeze. Her eyes, that were of the same color as her hair, had a worried look in them as she urged her flying mount to descend from the sky.

William watched as the angelic beauty jumped off her mount, and went to check the condition of the fallen warrior who was seriously injured.

After checking his condition, she immediately cast a healing spell to heal his injuries. Only when the last wound on his body closed up did she breathe a sigh of relief.

"Is that person still alive?" a seductive beauty with long blonde hair and purple eyes asked in a lazy manner. "It's probably one of those Einherjars fighting at the borders. He might have fallen in the river and drowned. What a pitiful way to die."

"He's not dead," the angelic beauty replied. "You shouldn't talk like that about the warriors that are keeping our realm safe, Hnoss."

The seductive beauty simply shrugged as she stared at the unconscious teenager in the purple-haired lady's arms.

"So, what are you planning to do with him?" Hnoss asked. "Although you have healed his wounds, it is only on the surface. Judging from his life energy, he will probably be in a coma for a month or two.

"Why don't you just leave him here, Aila? His body would allow the wild beasts to have their fill. Also, the Aesirs are a rowdy bunch. I'm sure they won't notice if one of their Einherjars is missing, right?."

Aila frowned as she made her decision. Using her wind magic, she lifted the silver-haired teenager towards her flying mount and laid him gently on top of it.

"I'm taking him back," Aila said with a determined expression on her face. "You take their sacrifice too lightly, Hnoss."

Hnoss shrugged as if Aila's words didn't mean anything to her. "Well, I guess he is good looking enough. He would make a good pet. Just make sure that you don't let your parents know that you're keeping him. You know that they look down on the Aesir's cannon fodder."

William glanced at the seductive lady whose name was Hnoss. For some reason, he had the strong urge to spank her bum until she cried for her mama and papa.

Suddenly, the world in front of Wiliam's eyes faded.

He found himself standing on a small hill overlooking a field of flowers. At the center of it, two figures were laying on the ground with their hands intertwined with each other.

"Are you really going back?" Aila asked. "Can't you just stay here, with me?"

"I'm sorry, but I need to go soon. My men as well as my wife might become worried if I don't appear on the battlefield," William replied. "But, I promise that I will come back after the fight at the borders ends."

"Do you think that Wendy will like me?"

"I don't know. But, I'm sure that she will not treat you harshly. After all, you were the one that saved my life."

The angelic beauty sighed as she rolled towards William, until she was on top of him.

"Don't go dying on me, okay?" Aila said as she caressed William's face.

"I won't," William replied. "If I died, you and Wendy would probably cry rivers for my sake."

"At least you know."

"Mmm."

The angelic beauty then lowered her head to peck on William's lips once before raising her head again.

"I gave you my first kiss, so you better come back to me," Aila said softly.

"You call that a kiss?" William asked in a teasing tone.

"It's not?"Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

"Well, technically it is. But, I know a better one."

"Show me."

"Okay."

In that field of flowers, the silver-haired teenager taught the innocent young lady how to kiss. When their kiss ended, both of them were out of breath.

—--

After dinner, William started to pack his belongings as he prepared for his trip back to the border, where the war was still being fought. No matter how much Aila tried to convince him to forget about the war and stay with her, his resolve was firm.

This was his last night in Aila's Villa, and he was also feeling sad about it. After being saved by her, she nursed him back to health and kept him company until he recuperated.

Because of this, the two became close. They went from strangers, to friends, to lovers in the span of two months, and William knew that he would miss her dearly after he left.

Just as he was about to sleep on his bed, he heard a knock on his door.

William didn't need to ask who it was because he was very familiar with Aila's presence. After opening the door, the angelic beauty threw herself into William's arms with tears in her eyes.

"I won't stop you from leaving, but please, just for tonight, let me stay here with you," Aila pleaded.

"Okay," William replied as he wrapped his arms around Aila and kissed her forehead. "But, are you sure you want to stay with me tonight?"

"Yes."

"I won't be able to hold back and embrace you. Are you really fine with that?"

"... Un."

William knew that Aila had resolved herself to take their relationship to the next level. Although he was happy because of this development, he was also sad because circumstances had forced her to act this way.

Seeing his hesitation, the angelic beauty wrapped her arms around William's neck and tiptoed to kiss his lips.

That kiss broke the last restraint that was holding the silver-haired teenager back. He no longer hesitated and led Aila to his bed.

Soon, the rustling of clothes was heard, as Aila's celestial dress, as well as William's robe, fell to the floor.

Both of them knew that this was going to be a long night, and they would do everything they could, to ensure that it would be a memorable one.