Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1055: Aila's Dream [Part 3] - R-18

(Disclaimer: This chapter contains R-18 scenes. If you're not comfortable reading them, feel free to skip this chapter.)

"You're beautiful, Aila."

"T-Thank you."

As their clothes fell down from their bodies, William and Aila stared at each other for a half a minute, before sharing a passionate kiss.

She was no longer ignorant to what a real kiss was because they had already kissed each other countless times over the past few weeks. That was all they did, and nothing else. Aila knew that William had been holding back because he thought that she wasn't ready.

However, since he was about to leave her, Aila gathered all of her courage to visit him, so they could share a memorable night together.

It was then when she felt the silver-haired teenager's right hand that was resting on her waist, slowly moved upwards. This sensual action sent shivers down her spine, fueling something inside her that she had never felt before.

William's hand then cupped Aila's well-shaped breast that perfectly fit his hand. Slowly, but surely, he started to knead it, while lightly pinching its pink tip, making it firm under his touch.

Aila was surprised by the numbing sensation that suddenly washed over her body, but she didn't find it repulsive. Although she was feeling nervous and her heart was beating wildly inside her chest, she continued to kiss William, and allowed him to do as he pleased with her body.

After their kiss ended, William sat on top of the bed, and pulled Aila close to him.

"Wrap your arms around my neck," William said as his hands rested on Aila's backside, pulling her close to him.

Doing as she was ordered, the angelic beauty wrapped her arms around William's neck, and waited for her beloved's next move.

William started to kiss, and nibble Aila's firm and pink tips that were eager for his love. Whenever he sucked on them, Aila would bite her lips subconsciously as she felt William's tongue play with it inside his mouth.

Still, that was the least of her worries. William's hands weren't being idle either. They kneaded and squeezed Aila's backside, making her gasp. Soon, she was finding it difficult to maintain her legs' firm hold on his waist as William's two-pronged attack, from the front and behind, made her legs weaken.

If not for the fact that she was leaning against his body for support, she might have long collapsed on the floor.

Her body, that had not been touched by any man, was starting to feel sensations that she had never felt before. After several minutes passed, William finally stopped, allowing her some room to breathe.

Soon, Aila found herself lying on the bed, and staring up into a pair of beautiful blue eyes that looked at her with love and affection.

She knew what he wanted, because it was also the thing that she wanted.

"Please, be gentle."

"I will."

William kissed her forehead before raining kisses on her body. The moment William's tongue tasted her forbidden fruit, Aila's body uncontrollably shuddered.

"You're quite sensitive, Aila," William commented as he continued to prepare her for their long awaited union.

When he felt that she was ready, William kissed her one last time before claiming her maidenhood, dying the sheets with the proof of her purity.

Her cries of pain didn't last long and soon turned to sighs of pleasure. William could feel his breathing getting rough as he listened to her innocent moans that fanned the fire in his loins. He wanted her so badly that holding back pained him.

Her purple eyes looked at him with love.

Her soft lips tasted like heaven.

Her beautiful body was now under his own.

And her maidenhood had been surrendered to him.

He was more than happy to claim them all.

Soon, a grunt escaped his lips, as he released his essence inside her innocent womb, marking it as his own. Aila's body shuddered for the umpteenth time as something hot seeped inside her body, making her feel faint.

Her first time had been too intense, and it was more than she could handle. Even so, Aila remained conscious as the waves of pleasure washed over her body. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"I love you, Aila."

"I love you too, Will."

The night was still young, and William had to leave when morning came. Because of this, the two made love again and again, until they could no longer move their bodies.

—--

William looked at the two sleeping people on the bed with a complicated look on his face. He was merely an observer in this dream, and yet, he could sense the feelings both had for each other.

Soon, this scene disappeared and was replaced by another then another. This continued until William was dragged onto an altar with his arms and legs bound in chains.

"Aila, you don't have to listen to them," the silver-haired teenager said with labored breaths as he looked at the maiden who had sacrificed many things for his sake.

"Aila, it is better to put an end to his suffering," Hnoss, the seductive beauty with long blonde hair and purple eyes, said with a smile. "Your relationship with him will never be recognized by anyone. If you resist, the elders will just continue to torture him until you agree to end this farce."

Aila lowered her head as a single tear streamed down the side of her face. She knew that her friend, Hnoss, was right. If she continued to be stubborn, the only one who would suffer would be the silver-haired teenager whose entire body was now covered with wounds.

"Will, I'm sorry," Aila said as she pressed her hand over her lover's forehead. "Even if you forget about me, I promise that I won't forget about you. Not now, not until the end of time."

Her hand glowed with power as she activated her unique ability that could erase people's memories.

"Aila, please don't do thi-" the silver-haired teenager tried to resist, but he still lost consciousness after Aila used her ability on him.

William collapsed on the floor, as the angelic beauty covered her face with both of her hands and sobbed because she knew that she had lost someone very important to her today.

"It's not that hard, right?" Hnoss wrapped her arms around Aila's body and whispered in her ears. "Because of what you did, he doesn't have to suffer anymore. You made the right choice."

It was at this moment when the neighing of a horse was heard from the heavens.

Clad in lightweight armor, and carrying the flag of Asgard, a valkyrie landed on the altar. She glared hatefully at the Vanir who had tortured her Beloved, after what he had done for them.

Using her supernatural strength, Wendy broke the chains that bound William. She then supported his body until he was firmly mounted on her winged horse before mounting it herself.

Wendy's left arm supported William's waist and held him in place, while the Half-Elf's head rested on her chest.

She had traveled a great distance in order to arrive at Vanaheim to rescue her beloved from the stuck-up Vanirs who thought highly of themselves.

"Wendy, I'm sorry," Aila said as she looked at the Valkyrie Captain who was supporting William's body.

"You don't have to apologize." Wendy sneered. "From now on, never show yourself in front of him again. He doesn't need you in his life."

The dream ended after that.

When William opened his eyes, he found himself lying beside Princess Aila who was still sleeping. As he gazed at her angelic face, he noticed that the Princess was crying.

The Half-Elf didn't know that this wasn't the first time that Aila had cried whenever she saw that parting scene in her dreams. It was as if her entire soul was crying out for the relationship that she and William had lost on that day.

"What am I going to do with you?" William muttered softly as he used his fingers to wipe away the tears from her eyes.

Only when Aila stopped crying did the Half-Elf sigh in relief. He didn't want to admit it, but seeing her cry like that made his heart ache. After making sure that all her tears had been wiped dry, William covered her with a blanket, and lightly patted her head before leaving the bed.

He had many things to think about, and he was afraid that staying in the same room as her would make things difficult for him.

"Goodnight, Aila," William said before closing the door. Little did he know that a minute after he left, The tears that he thought were no more, were shed once again.