Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chpater 1059: Let The Killing Begin!

"Where are we?" William asked as he scanned his surroundings.

"How should I know?" Chloee replied with a frown. "Wherever this is, I sense a dark presence in our surroundings."

"We're probably inside the Ancient Ruins," Celine answered. "Do you feel something?"

"No. How about you?" William answered.

Celine pointed in the distance where a black pyramid-like structure could be seen. "I feel something calling out to me in that direction."

William frowned as he gazed in the direction she was pointing in. Try as he might, he couldn't feel anything in his surroundings, or feel any particular attraction to the pyramid in the distance.

'Optimus, can you scan that pyramid for me?' William asked.

The Half-Elf waited for the System's answer, but no answer came to him. This was not the first time that this had happened to William, so he understood that he was in a place where Optimus was blocked by some kind of powerful law, just like had happened in the Deadlands.

"What kind of feeling do you get from that pyramid?" William inquired of the beautiful Elf that was standing beside him.

Celine narrowed her eyes as she tried to understand the faint feeling that was calling out to her.

"It's not hostile, or threatening," Celine answered after a while. "I feel… I feel that if I go there, I will be playing an important role. A role that was given to me by birth."Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

The frown on William's face deepened. Alarm bells were ringing inside his head, telling him that going in that direction was a very, very, very bad idea.

Making up his mind, he held Celine's firmly and looked her in the eye.

"Let's not," William said as he shook his head. "Don't go there, Celine."

Celine immediately understood what William was trying to say. She glanced at the pyramid in the distance one last time before shifting her gaze towards the red-headed teenager who was looking at her with a worried expression on his face.

"Okay, I won't go there," Celine replied.

Just as the two of them were about to discuss what they were going to do next, a hoarse laughter was heard behind them.

William immediately stood in front of Celine as he faced the Dark Wraith who was hovering several meters away from them.

"Welcome…" the Dark Wraith bowed towards Celine in a respectful manner. "I have been waiting for you… Sacrificial Bride of Darkness."

After gazing at Celine for a few seconds, it then shifted its attention to the black-haired teenager who was now holding a golden staff in his hand.

"Tell me… boy," the Dark Wraith said in a teasing voice. "Do you… believe… in Dark Magic?"

Chloee flew in front of William and transformed into a fourteen-year old girl. She no longer had a playful expression on her face, as she took a guarded stance against the creature that was in front of them.

"Yes," William replied. He had a feeling that if he said no, something terrible would happen to him.

Beads of sweat had formed in his forehead as he gazed at the apparition in front of him. Although he didn't have the system to help him gauge the level of the Dark Wraith whose golden eyes were looking straight at him, he knew, with utmost certainty, that he was looking at a Pseudo-God.

An existence that was just as strong as Apophis.

Chloee also understood this. Although she was violent and stubborn by nature, she knew when to speak up, and when to shut up.

William had a feeling that if the Dark Wraith were to really attack them, even his Heroic Avatar would not stand a chance against it. The only thing he could do was summon Sun Wukong, so the Monkey King could fight in his place.

Right now, Enuma Elish, the Seven Tablets of Creation, was only charged halfway. Its divinity was not enough to deal with the being in front of him, so he had no choice but to call upon his trump card if things went south.

Fortunately, the Dark Wraith didn't seem to have any intention of attacking him. It just laughed hoarsely as a devilish grin appeared on its horrific face.

"We will know… soon enough… if you truly believe," the Dark Wraith stated. "You may do as you please… but know this… the chosen one… will have his bride. Since you are also a candidate… it will not be fun… if you don't participate in the selection."

The Dark Wraith snapped his fingers, and William disappeared from where he stood.

Celine glared at the Dark Wraith as she channeled the Dark Powers in her body.

"Where did you take them?" Celine asked with a trace of killing intent.

"To a game," the Dark Wraith replied. "A wonderful game… of life and death. The Winner takes all… and the Losers, lose everything. Worry not… Destiny's Bride. You will soon… meet… your Destined One."

—---

William found himself in what seemed to be an open plain.

Several Demons were also standing near him, as they, too, looked around them in confusion.

On a raised platform overlooking them all, over a dozen young individuals stood. They were looking down on the newcomers with complicated looks on their faces, as the dark stars on their shoulders glowed faintly.

Recognizing one of the people on the platform, Felix stepped forward and voiced his question.

"Adam, what is going on here?" Felix answered. "Where is this place?"

This was the question that was on everyone's mind at the moment. Together with Felix, all the Demons that were stationed outside the ancient ruins stood with their weapons at the ready. Although they didn't know where they were, their sense of danger was telling them that things were about to get messy soon.

"This is a Slaughter Domain," Adam answered. "Today, the Heir of Darkness will be chosen from among all of us."

Adam then raised his weapon and pointed at the glowing red dot on the horizon.

"Whoever gets there first, will be the Heir of Darkness," Adam said with a serious expression on his face.

Felix glanced at the direction Adam was pointing and nodded his head.

"So, all we need to do is get there, right? Easy enough," Felix answered. "If we all work together, we can overcome this obstacle."

Adam snorted as he gazed down at the firstborn of the Demon Lord.

"Only those that have the qualifications can reach that place," Adam stated. "Right now, all of you gathered here are not qualified to be the Chosen One."

Felix frowned as he looked up at the Demon whom he thought he had made his loyal subordinate.

"What do we need to do to become qualified?" Felix asked.

Adam, as well as the Demons standing by his side smiled as the Power of Darkness inside their bodies burst forth.

"Simple," Adam replied. "All you need to do is believe in Dark Magic."

A few seconds later, a scream of pain came from one of the Demons that was standing at the very back of Felix's group.

A dark blade could be seen sticking out of his chest. A few seconds later, the Demon's body collapsed on the ground. He was no longer breathing, but his body quickly turned completely black.

Everyone gazed at the killer who resembled a Dark Knight, who was wearing black armor and wielding a dark sword.

Soon, more Dark Knights emerged from behind them, until they numbered a hundred.

Although there were almost ten thousand Demons present in the scene, they had a feeling that even if they all worked together, they would still fall prey to the Dark Knights who were pointing their swords at them.

"Go," Adam ordered. "Let the killing begin!"