Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1060: Finally, All The Chess Pieces Are In Place

The Black Knights charged at the thousands of elite Demons that made up the bulk of the army that had been stationed near the Ancient Ruins.

At first, William thought that the Black Knights would overwhelm the Demons with their strength, but to his surprise, the Demons easily subdued them with their teamwork and battle formation.

The Half-Elf then glanced at Adam who was standing on top of the raised platform to see his reaction. When he noticed the sneer on the young Demon's face, he knew that something wasn't right.

'I have a bad feeling about this,' William thought as he whispered in fourtee-year-old Chloee's ear, "Sixth Master, don't engage the enemies. We will just observe for the time being."

Chloee frowned, but didn't argue with William. She too felt that something was wrong, so she decided to stay put and observe for the time being.

Naturally, it was not only the Half-Elf who were thinking of the same thing. Felix, as well as the two ladies who were standing near him, also felt that something was amiss.

"Adam, I'm giving you exactly twenty seconds to explain everything to me," Felix stated. "If you don't give me the answer I am looking for, I'll make you regret making a fool out of me!"

Adam ignored Felix as he looked down on the defeated Black Knights who had been dismembered, their bodies scattered across the ground. He and those that had entered the ancient ruins had fought these knights for many days, and had witnessed how terrifying they could be when the right conditions were met.

"If I were you, I'd pay more attention to what's behind you," Adam replied. "Turning your back on your enemy is a foolish thing to do on the battlefield."

"What are you talki–" Felix wasn't able to finish his words because he felt something ominous behind him.

After turning around, he noticed that the dismembered Black Knights had put themselves back together and doubled their height. If in the beginning they were only two meters tall, now they were four meters tall.

Without waiting for Felix's orders, the Demons once again attacked the Black Knights, but this time, they had a harder time subduing them.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

The Black Knights were now twice as strong as they were originally, and even though the Demons had a numerical advantage. The hundred Black Knights were able to kill over two hundred of them before collapsing on the ground.

However, before the Demons could even take a breather, the Black Knights once again reformed themselves. This time, their bodies were oozing a black mist.

"Damn you!" One of the Demons, alongside his squad, attacked one of the black knights. However, something unexpected happened. ꜰʀᴇᴇ wᴇʙ ɴovᴇʟ. coᴍ

With just a single slash of the Black Knight's dark sword, the members of the six-men team were cut in half, as if they were nothing more than bamboo trees that were standing idly in the forest.

The Demons who died turned into black mists that were absorbed by the Black Knight that killed them.

"Do not falter!" the Vice-Commander of the Stronghold shouted. "Magicians, bombard them with magic spells!"

The Demons that specialized in magic unleashed their most powerful spell with the hope that they could decimate the Black Knights that numbered in the hundred. Powerful explosions made the ground tremble, as the destruction created dust clouds in front of them.

"Fools," Adam mocked the army that didn't have any idea what they were facing. "No matter what you do, it's all futile."

Just as soon as his words left his lips, clanging sounds that resembled the movement of armored warriors reverberated in the surroundings.

Several Black Knights emerged from the dust clouds. Thick, dark mists covered their bodies.

"Didn't I tell you earlier?" Adam said in a teasing voice. "All you need to do is believe in Dark Magic."

Felix frowned as he looked up at the Demon who had an amused expression on his face. "What do you mean?"

"Felix, are you really stupid or pretending to be stupid?" Adam answered in a teasing tone. "Must I repeat myself? All you need to do is believe in Dark Magic."

"You mean… these creatures can only die from Dark Magic attacks?"

"Exactly."

"But, none of us have Dark Magic," Felix stated. However, right after he said his words, a realization hit him. "No! Don't tell me!"

Adam smirked. "I guess you're not stupid afterall."

"Sh*t!" Felix cursed out loud as he gave out an order to his men. "Only Dark Magic can kill them! Do any of you know how to wield it?!"

Truth be told, Felix already knew the answer. Everyone who practiced the Dark Arts had already been sent to the Ancient Ruins. The army he had with him was composed of the Elite Army of the Demon Race.

None of them practiced Dark Magic, so the outcome of this battle had been set in stone before the fight had even started.

"As the firstborn of the Demon Lord, I order you, Adam, as well as your compatriots, to deal with the Black knights!" Felix ordered. "I promise on my name that all of you will be rewarded handsomely for your services. If you choose to reject this order, you will be punished with the crime of treason and my army will stop at nothing to kill all of you!"

Adam chuckled after hearing Felix's high-handed order. For him, this was the funniest thing he had heard in a long while.

"I think you still don't understand your situation, Felix," Adam said after he had his fill of laughter. "You have no power here. Just patiently wait for your death, and sacrifice your life to the God of Darkness."

"Bastard!" Felix summoned his sword and pointed it in the direction of the raised platform. "Everyone, kill that ungrateful mongrel as well as his cohorts!"

""Kill!""

The Demon Army charged at the raised platforms with their weapons held high. Their bloodshot eyes locked on the smug expressions of the candidates who were looking down on them as if they were bugs that they could stomp on anytime.

Powerful spells were fired in the direction of Adam and the others, but none of the practitioners of the Dark Arts even bothered to bat an eye. It was as if they couldn't even be bothered to raise a hand to defend themselves from the barrage of spells that was about to rain on them.

As if passing through an invisible veil, the spells that targeted them disappeared without a trace.

The Demons who had charged towards the raised platform, found themselves colliding with an invisible barrier that prevented them from moving forward.

"Didn't I say it earlier? It's not good to turn your back on your enemies," Adam said with a smile. "But since all of you are going to die anyway, I guess my remainder is unnecessary."

"Curse you!" Felix shouted as he gazed at the Black Knights that had now started to charge in their direction. "Form your ranks! We have the advantage in numbers. Destroy them!"

The Demons shouted their battle cries as they heeded their Commander's orders. As soon as the two forces collided, several Demons were instantly dismembered by the Black Knights, whose strength was growing with each minute that passed.

William, who was observing the battle from the side, didn't move. His hand was resting on Chloee's shoulder, as if preventing her from joining the battle.

He didn't care if the Demon Lord's entire Army was annihilated. For him, this was a good thing. Since the Demon Lord had the intention of invading the Central Continent, reducing the strength of their Army was something that he had already planned to do in the beginning.

After observing the brutal battle that was unfolding in front of him, the Half-Elf shifted his attention towards the teenager named Adam who was standing at the raised platform.

Surprisingly, Adam was also looking at him.

As their gazes met, a smirk of ridicule appeared on the young Demon's face.

'So, you are the son of the Dungeon Conqueror,' Adam thought as he looked down on the black-haired teenager with contempt. 'Since he is here, it means that the Bride of Destiny is also here. Finally, all the chess pieces are in place. Lord Joash, I will prove to you that I am superior to him. I will be the one to inherit the power of darkness, and make this world submit under my rule.'