Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1061: Who's Your Daddy Now?

Shouts of anger and despair reverberated in the surroundings as a one-sided slaughter ensued.

The Black Knights had all stepped into the ranks of peak Millennial Beasts, making them a menace to anyone that faced them. What made things worse was that they were immune to any kind of magic.

Even if physical attacks work on them, they would just rise up from the ground after a few seconds and resume their rampage. It was truly a helpless scene, and Felix gritted his teeth in anger as he watched his army slowly, but surely, get pushed back and massacred helplessly.

"Adam, stop this!" Felix shouted after he could no longer take the helpless situation. "We are on the same side! You don't need to do this. We can talk things out!"

Adam arched an eyebrow after hearing Felix's words. He rubbed his chin as he pondered whether he should listen to the Demon Lord's Crown Prince or not.

"Very well" Adam raised his hand and the Black Knights immediately stopped their assault and stood where they were. "Since you want to negotiate, I'll give you a chance to do it. However, before we have our discussion, I have a condition first."

"State your condition," Felix replied. He knew that he was the one at a disadvantage, but he really couldn't do anything except accept whatever condition Adam was planning to ask of him.

"Do you see those two people over there?" Adam asked as he pointed at William and Chloee who had separated themselves from the Demon Army.

Felix glanced in their direction and frowned. He had noticed the two individuals just as the Black Knights attacked, but since they weren't hostile, he completely ignored them.

"What about them?" Felix asked back.

"I want you to kill them. If you succeed, I promise that I will leave you guys alone. Do we have a deal?"

"That's it? If I kill them, will you spare all of us?"

Adam nodded. "Of course. You have my word."

Felix wasn't a fool. He knew that the two individuals that Adam wanted to kill were not pushovers. However, if he were to choose between the Black Knights, or the two people in the distance, he would definitely choose the latter because he believed that he had a higher chance of killing them.

The Demon Army felt the same, so they shifted their gaze towards William and Chloee as if they were their last lifeline to leave this place alive.

"Oh? They want to kill us?" Chloee smiled sweetly. "This will be fun."

"Sixth Master, they are looking down on the two of us," William said softly. "I think it's about time we make them realize who really is the hunter, and who is the hunted."

"Sounds like a plan. Shall we?"

"Sure. Let's rumble."

Chloee and William stomped their right foot forward at the same time before disappearing from where they stood.

A second later, both of them reappeared in front of Adam who was still looking in the direction that they had been a mere moment earlier.

Chloee gave a powerful shout as she smashed her fist towards the young man's face. However, a barrier appeared to block her punch.

As soon as Chloee's fist collided with the barrier, a resounding cracking sound filled their surroundings. The barrier shattered like a crystal glass, taking Adam by surprise.

Just as he was about to use his Dark Magic to protect himself, William's foot stomped on his face, sending his whole body flying off the raised platform.

Everything happened so fast, that nobody was able to react in time. The only thing they heard was the shattering of the barrier, and Adam's pained scream as his body flew several meters away from the platform before crashing into the ground, creating a crater around his body.

"Y-You!" Adam hatefully glared at William as he spat out a mouthful of dark blood.

"Me, what?" William asked back with a sneer. "You've been looking down on us from the very beginning. How does it feel to eat the dirt under my feet?"

Chloee crossed her arms over her chest as she raised her chin in arrogance. "Who's your daddy now, huh?"

Adam could feel his cheeks burning due to anger and humiliation. He was confident that nothing could break past the barrier that protected the platform, and kept all the candidates of the Dark Arts safe from the final phase of the selection.

He didn't expect the young girl's punch to be strong enough to shatter it completely, which made him unable to react in time.

"I'll kill you!" Adam shouted. "I'll kill you, William Von Ainsworth!"

Adam's hateful shout was like the sound of thunder that reached everyone's ears. All of them gazed at the black-haired teenager who had stomped on Adam's face and was now standing on top of the platform.

"I guess there's no need for me to hold back then," William replied as the color of his hair and eyes changed.

"I-It's really him," Felix said with a solemn expression on his face. "The son of the Dungeon Conqueror and the Saintess of the World Tree."

As someone that belonged to the current ruling clan of the Demon Realm, there was a family name that they hated the most. There is no Demon Clan in the Demonic Continent who hadn't heard of them, especially since it was the name of the family that was responsible for denying them of their ultimate goal of world conquest.

"Ainsworth," Felix muttered. "William Von Ainsworth."

All the Demons looked at William with bloodshot eyes. If earlier, their hatred had directed at Adam, now it was all locked onto the red-headed teenager who was arrogantly looking down on all of them.

"To those who want my autograph, please line up," William said in a teasing tone. "There's no need to be shy, I won't be going anywhere."

"Kill him!" Adam ordered and the Black Knights who had remained stationary in the distance all flew towards the raised platform like wraiths, with a black mist trailing behind them.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"Kill him!" Felix ordered.

The Mages in the Demon Army hatefully fired their spells at the Half-Elf who had now gathered the aggro of everyone on the battlefield. Even the candidates of the Dark Arts unleashed their Dark Spells in order to end his life.

"You sure are popular," Chloee said as she flashed William a mischievous grin.

"They're just jealous of my good looks, Sixth Master," William replied as he grabbed her waist. "Being handsome is a sin."

As soon as he finished his words, he immediately disappeared from where he stood as he transformed into a lightning bolt that streaked across the sky, flying in the direction of the red dot in the distance that Adam had pointed out earlier.

Although he didn't know what he would find in that place, he still went because he still needed to look for Celine.

Unknown to him, the Dark Wraith watched his every move from a corner of the Holy Land.

"Things are… getting interesting…," the Dark Wraith said. "Still… no matter where everyone runs… no matter where everyone hides… their fate was already sealed… the moment they entered our Holy Land."

The Dark Wraith then glanced at the beautiful Elf, who was now standing on top of the altar waiting for her destined partner to arrive.

Dark mists oozed out of Celine's body as she stared into the distance. After Wiliam and Chloee had disappeared, she found herself standing on top of what seemed to be an altar.

There were no chains that bound her, and yet, she couldn't move her body. All she could do was stare at the battle that was happening in the distance, like a spectator that was watching a stage play.

"Will…," Celine said softly as she felt the power of Darkness inside her body start to go out of control. "Please, leave this place. They are out to get you."