Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1062: The Demon of Demons

"Why are we running away?" Chloee asked. "If we work together, we can beat the crap out of them!"

"I know, Sixth Master," William replied. "However, something doesn't feel right."

"Something doesn't feel right?"

"Mmm. It's like, someone is purposely trying to reduce the number of people inside this Domain. I noticed that every time a Demon died, the power of Darkness in the surroundings became more profound."

As someone who had attained a high level of proficiency in the Dark Arts, William was able to notice the subtle changes in the surroundings during the battle.

Chloee frowned because she didn't understand such things. She was confident that no matter how powerful their enemies became, she was confident that she could send them all to kingdom come.

Even so, she trusted William, so she no longer argued about his intention to escape.

"We're almost there," William said as he saw the red portal that was hovering above a black pyramid.

According to Adam, this was the place that they needed to go. However, he didn't specify whether they should enter the portal or not.

"What do you think, Sixth Master?" William inquired. "Should we enter the red portal or not?"

"Let's enter," Chloee answered. "Don't worry. Whatever is inside it, I promise that I'll protect you."

William smiled. Chloee's words were quite reassuring, so he no longer hesitated and flew into the red portal.

—--

Adam clenched his fist as he tried to reign in his anger. After overcoming so many trials inside the Holy Land, the Dark Wraith had finally recognized the eighteen survivors and deemed them worthy of challenging the final trial.

However, for the final trial to open, they needed to sacrifice as many lives as possible as a tribute to the God of Darkness. The souls of the previous candidates, who had died during the trials, had all been absorbed by the artifact that was inside the red portal.

But, it was still not enough for it to awaken the power inside it. More lives needed to be sacrificed in order to activate its powers. Because of this, the Dark Wraith had activated the Seal of the Holy Land and allowed the power of darkness to manifest in the outside world.

'Dammit!' Adam cursed internally when he saw William enter the red portal before them. The only reason why he was still able to hold back his frustration at the moment was due to the artifact not having enough power to activate.

"I'm going," one of the candidates declared as he flew towards the sky and headed towards the red portal.

Although the remaining candidates understood that entering the portal right now would not yield the desired results, the mere thought of someone getting ahead of them made them anxious.

One by one, the candidates flew towards the portal, leaving Adam behind.

The young Demon looked at them with a calm expression on his face, as he quickly thought of a way to take advantage of the situation he was in right now.

After staying inside the Holy Land of Darkness for a long time, all the candidates' hair had turned completely black. They also grew two, short, crimson horns on their heads. These changes had made them more powerful, and their Dark Arts more pure.

Even so, they still underestimated the Half-Elf, as well as the young lady that was accompanying him. They thought that as long as they stayed on the platform, they would not be harmed in any way. But, their belief was shattered when William stomped his foot on Adam's face, trampling on his pride and dignity.

"Felix, do you want to live?" Adam asked as he stared at the first born of the Demon Lord.

"Yes," Felix replied.

Adam nodded "Very well. Your goal will remain the same. Kill that Half-Elf, and I will allow you and your army to leave this place alive."

Felix knew that he had no choice in the matter, so he simply nodded his head. However, deep inside, he was already thinking of ways to make Adam pay for treating him in this manner after he had given him his trust.

—---

"What in the world?" William muttered as he gazed at a gigantic black throne that was right in front of him.

Seated on it was a giant Demon with long black hair, and two crimson horns protruding on the top of its head. On its back was a pair of red-wings that were lightly spread out, showing his magnificence.

The giant demon had his eyes closed, but even then, the overwhelming power that was radiating on his body was enough for William to understand that he was in the presence of a very powerful God.

"Will… is that thing alive or not?" Chloee asked as he stared at the giant Demon in front of her with a guarded expression. As someone that pursued strength, she had fought many adversaries, as well as helped William fight against Apophis in the Void.

However, compared to the Giant Serpent, who had regressed its rank to a Pseudo-God, the being in front of them was a bonafide God. Apophis was nothing more than a little worm, compared to the being in front of them.

"I don't know," William said in a volume that was only loud enough for Chloee to hear. It was as if he was afraid that his voice would awaken the God in front of them and make it pinch them to oblivion.

"Don't worry, he is currently in a very deep sleep. He won't wake up no matter what you do to him."

A voice spoke behind William, which almost made the Half-Elf as well as Chloee jump up in fright.Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

They hastily looked behind them only to see two beautiful ladies, who were looking at the giant demon in front of them with reverence.

"Who are the two of you?" William asked. For some reason, he could sense a similar power coming from the two ladies that resembled the divinity of his wives.

"It's an honor to meet you, Son of the Dungeon Conqueror and Saintess of the World Tree," one of the ladies with long dark-green hair and eyes, replied. "I've heard that my sisters have become your wives. Ah. Before I forget, you may refer to me as Invidia for now."

The young beauty with dark-green hair appraised William from head to foot as a mischievous smile appeared on her face.

"Well, I can tell why they are smitten with you," Invidia said with a smile. "Your face is not half bad." ꜰʀᴇᴇwᴇʙɴovᴇʟ.coᴍ

Suddenly, Invidia spun around. When she once again met William's gaze, the Half-Elf was surprised because Invidia had taken on his appearance.

"I wonder if my sisters will be able to tell the difference when I stand next to you," Invidia chuckled using William's voice, which made Chloee frown.

"Oi. Ugly. It will be best if you return to your original appearance before I smack your face," Chloee declared as she raised her fist.

"How barbaric," Invidia shook her head. However, she still spun around and returned to her original appearance. After doing so, she winked at William which made the Half-Elf arch his eyebrows.

William then shifted his attention to the other beauty that was standing next to Invidia who was standing as straight as a sword. She had long purple hair, which was similar to Princess Aila. however, her eyes were golden in color, which made anyone that looked at her feel her overpowering presence.

"You must be Superbia," William commented after taking a good look at the purple-haired beauty, whose prideful demeanor didn't escape his eyes.

The purple-haired beauty didn't affirm or deny William's words. She continued to stare at the Giant Demon, who seemed to be fast asleep. A minute later, she opened her lips and a confident voice who seemed to ridicule the entire world reached William's ears.

"His name is Ahriman," Superbia stated. "He is the Demon of Demons, and dwells in an abyss of endless darkness in the North, the traditional home of those who wield Dark Magic. Ignorance, harmfulness, and disorder are the characteristics of Ahriman.

He can change his outward form and appear as a lizard, a snake, or a youth. His aim has always been to cover the world in Darkness, and make all of creation submit to his will."

"Ahriman creates death; for health, he produces disease; for beauty, ugliness. All man's ills are due entirely to Ahriman. He is also the reason why the Era of Darkness began, as the Gods fought against each other in order to decide which race would sit on the top of this world, and rule everyone."

Superbia then pointed at Ahriman's right hand that was resting on his lap. Hovering above the palm of his hand was a Crimson Crown. William felt the dark magic inside his body fluctuate the moment his eyes laid on the Divine Artifact that belonged to one of the strongest Gods in creation.

"According to the prophecy of the Demon Race, he who wears the Crown of Darkness will become Ahriman's heir," Invidia commented. "Go on. Take it. If you wear that on your head, you will gain his power. Isn't that why you came to this place?"

"No," William replied as he shook his head. "I have no intention of putting that Crown on my head."

"Is that so?" Invidia smirked. "Well, if you don't wear it then I guess that you will just have to die."

William frowned as he turned his head to look at the green-haired lady who was looking at him with a teasing smile.

"What do you mean by that?" William inquired.

"Do you really don't know? Or are you pretending not to know?" Invidia answered with a gaze of ridicule. "Since you don't want to wear it then one of the Demons here will do. When that happens they would definitely kill you. Did you forget? All Demons hate your father. Well, I suppose not all Demons. I for one don't hate your father. How about you, Superbia?"

Superbia gave William a side-long glance before turning her attention back to the Giant Demon in front of her.

"Although Demons hate his father, it will not change the fact that they also respect and fear him," Superbia replied. "As a race that worships the strong, I have no ill will towards the person that defeated the Demon Lord. Also, I was not even born back then. I am not concerned about what happened in the past. All I care about is the present."

Invidia nodded her head. "Well then. We're just here to watch the show. Whether you wear that Crown or not, I'm sure that we will see something interesting once everyone gets here."

As if waiting for that cue, several Demons appeared in the sky after passing through the red portal.

They were the Candidates of Darkness who were vying for the Crown who would make them Ahriman's successor.

All of them glanced in William's direction and breathed a sigh of relief after seeing that the Crown was still there. If the Half-Elf really took the Crown before them, they would do everything in their power to take it back for it was the legacy that belonged to them.

"He's here," Superbia said as she shifted his attention to the sky. "The one that has the highest chance of becoming Ahriman's successor."

Adam appeared in the crimson world, with the Demon Army behind him. His gaze locked on William's body as he gritted his teeth in hatred.

"I swear that you will not leave this place alive, William Von Ainsworth," Adam declared. "I will make you regret that you were ever born in this world."

William shook his head after hearing Adam's word as he shifted his gaze back at Superbia.

"Is there really no other way aside from taking that Crown?" William asked. "Does the prophecy mention anything else?"

"No," Superbia replied. "You should decide while you still can. Once the conditions are met, it will be too late for regrets."

William glanced at the floating Crown in the distance. He could feel a subtle attraction coming from it, and the Dark Powers in his body were urging him to wear it.

Although he was left with a difficult choice, the Half-Elf had no intention of wearing the Crown of Darkness. Something was telling him that the moment he wore that Crown, he would lose something very important to him.