Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1063: Desperate Struggle [Part 1]

"Sh*t," William muttered.

In front of him, a God which held the crown that could potentially bring the entire world to its knees slumbered.

Behind him, the disciples of the Dark Arts, as well as the Demon Army stood at the ready. William had faced many dangerous situations before, but right now, he had to admit, he was in a pinch.

"Sixth Master, no matter what happens, don't leave my side," William said as he gazed at the Giant Demon in front of him.

Chloee nodded, but she had already raised up her guard, ready to react to whatever was going to happen next. Celeste's Familiar also understood that they were in a very tricky situation. However, if she were to pick between the two evils, she would rather attack the Demon Army behind her, than face the wrath of the sleeping God in front of her.

Taking a deep breath, William narrowed his gaze as he resolved himself to execute the plan he had in mind.

"Let's go, Sixth Master!" William stated as he charged towards the sleeping Demon, while wielding Ruyi Jingu Bang.

After pondering for quite a bit, William realized that the Demon Army wasn't his true enemy but the Crown in front of him. As long as he could destroy it, the so-called prophecy would cease to exist.

"Break all the walls that stand before me!" William gritted his teeth as he swung the staff in his hand with the intention to obliterate the Crimson Crown who was the source of everyone's struggle. "Ruyi Jingu Bang!'

The red-headed teenager had activated his Heroic Avatar and decisively swung his weapon towards the sleeping Demon's hand. However, just before the golden staff smashed unto the Crimson Crown, a word of ridicule reached his ears.

"Fool."

That was the last thing that William heard before he found himself crashing towards the ground, and spitting blood.

"Hyaaah!" Chloee's shout that was filled with anger reverberated in the surroundings as she appeared right in front of the Crown, and punched it with everything she had.

However, just like what happened to William, she found herself slamming towards the ground as if she had been swatted away like a fly.

"Sh*t." William wiped the blood from his lips as he stared at the Giant Demon, whose eyes remained close. However, on its forehead, a third eye slowly opened up and focused its attention on the Half-Elf who was gritting his teeth on the ground.

"Thousands of years have passed since I saw a mortal dare to raise their weapons against me," a voice filled with ridicule and contempt was heard inside everyone's head. "It seems that everyone has forgotten about me."

"My Lord, Ahriman, we have not forgotten!" Adam shouted as he knelt to show his reverence to the God that had sired the Demon Race into existence. "We still take to heart the sacrifices you have made for the Demon Race!"

Ahriman's third eye, that was looking at William, shifted its gaze to Adam, who had prostrated himself in front of him.

"I see. You are one of my people," Ahriman said via telepathy. "Good. The power of your Darkness is very pure. You are worthy to become one of the candidates whom I will choose as my heir."

Adam bowed his head in reverence. "I thank you, My Lord, for your benevolence!"

"As for you…" the Giant Eye once again focused on William who was gathering his power for one full-powered attack. "Well, you also have the qualifications. If you kneel and worship me as your Lord, I will turn a blind eye to your transgression and allow you to compete fairly to become my heir."

William ignored Ahriman's words as he thrust his golden staff forward for the second time.

"Sweep away all adversaries!" William roared. "Ruyi Jingu Bang!"

The staff extended, and increased its size becoming as big as a castle. For some reason, William had a nagging feeling that Ahriman wasn't in the capacity to fully use his powers, due to the chains that bound his body to the throne.

At first, William didn't notice it, but after activating his Heroic Avatar, the invisible chains that held the Giant Demon in place became visible. They were unable to escape his fiery-golden-eyes, which could see through all falsehoods.

"Insolent mongrel!" Ahriman's disdainful voice was like a thunderclap that descended on everyone's head. "Know your place!"

Ahriman's third eye glowed, and a barrier enveloped the Crown that was resting on his hand. He had waited thousands of years for this Fated Day, and he would not allow anyone to disrupt his plans no matter what.

A metallic ring spread across the domain as Ruyi Jingu Bang collided with the barrier that Ahriman had summoned to protect the Crown in his hand. A few seconds later, cracks started to appear on the barrier as William willed his staff to shatter the barrier.

Just as William was about to succeed, he felt something dangerous coming from behind him. At first, he thought of stopping his attack to dodge, but decided against it.

He had complete faith in his partner, so he continued to push the golden staff forward to destroy the Crown, and end all the madness.

A powerful shockwave erupted behind him, as Chloee clashed against the Dark Wraith who had tried to sneak attack William from behind.

Both held their ground as the barrier shattered into a hundred pieces. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"Break!" William shouted as his weapon headed towards the Crimson Crown that was on Ahriman's upturned palm.

Just as the red-headed teenager was about to succeed, the Crimson Crown glowed and disappeared from the Giant Demon's hand. A few seconds later, it reappeared in front of Adam who stared at it in shock, and disbelief.

The Half-Elf knew that things had gone South, so the next thing he did was turn around in order to help Chloee deal with the Dark Wraith that she was facing. However, just as he was about to do that, he felt the Fairy's body slam against his back, sending both of them flying several meters away from where they originally stood.

"Hah…" Chloee propped herself after rolling on the ground for a few seconds and stared hatefully at the Dark Wraith that had overpowered her in their clash.

'A Pseudo-God,' Chloee thought as she fully realized that she and William were in a hopeless situation. 'Celeste, I might not see you again after this.'

Chloee knew that If she really wanted to escape this place with William, she had no choice but to use 100% of her powers. However, if she did that, she would only be able to live for a day, before her body crumbled into pieces.