Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1064: Desperate Struggle [Part 2]

"Will, I have a plan," Chloee said as she clenched her fist tighter. "But, I don't know if it will work."

"No." William shook his head as he rested her hand on Chloee's shoulder. "I know what you're thinking, Sixth Master. However, even if you unseal your powers it will be useless if we don't find the method of leaving this place.

"Also, don't worry. We're not out of options just yet. We can still overcome this obstacle as long as we work together."

Chloee didn't agree or disagree with William's words. Deep inside, she understood that as long as they didn't find the exit of this Domain, everything they tried to do would be for naught.

Fighting against a Demon Army, a Pseudo-God, as well as a chained God, was too much for the two of them to handle.

'What do you suggest that we do?" Chloee asked.

"Our objective still hadn't changed," William replied. "No matter what, we need to destroy that Crown."

William's gaze was locked on the Crown that was currently in Adam's hands. The young Demon sneered at the Half-Elf whose dire circumstances almost made him laugh out loud.

"Felix, order your army to kill him," Adam ordered. "That is the only way for you to survive this place alive."

Felix nodded as he raised his hand to command the Demon Army.

"Everyone, it is time for us to end the grievances that we've felt all these years," Felix shouted as he pointed at William. "Kill him, so that we can display his corpse for all of Demonkind to see! Kill the son of the man that denied us victory!"

""Kill!""

The Demon Army charged en masse towards the Half-Elf who was doing his best to think of his next move.

The Dark Wraith chuckled before reappearing beside Adam, who was currently holding the Crown of Darkness. It was born to protect the crown and help Ahriman filter through which candidates would be worthy to wear it upon their heads.

Since the crown was now safe, It no longer needed to attack the Half-Elf and the young lady beside him. Although things might have not gone according to plan, the fact still remained that the trial was still ongoing. Amongst the thousands of Demons within this Domain, one of them would be wearing the Crown of Darkness before the day was over.

"Sixth Master, please, conserve your strength as much as possible," William said as he twirled the staff in his hand. "This battle might take a while."

Chloee nodded. She could feel a powerful suppression descending upon her and William that was coming from the Giant Demon whose eyes were locked unto their bodies.

"I will handle them for now," William stated. "When the duration of my Heroic Avatar is over, it's all on you, Sixth Master."

"Understood," Chloee replied. "Be careful."

William briefly nodded his head before stomping his feet on the ground. He then flew high up in the air as he aimed his golden staff at the Demon Army whose spells were now flying in his direction.

"Quick Shot War Art Fourth Form!" William increased the size of his staff to several meters as he braced himself for the recoil of his attack. "Grand Bazooka!"

A powerful explosion shook the Domain as William's attack descended upon the Demon Army. Before any of them could react, a raging inferno engulfed their bodies, instantly incinerating those who stepped into the point of impact.

The other Demons didn't fare either because the fire quickly spread out, immolating everything in its path. Blood curdling screams and cries of desperation resounded across the battlefield, as William bombarded all of them without mercy.

Adam, and the Dark Wraith smiled when they saw this scene because it was the goal that they were trying to achieve.

The souls of the Demons that died turned into dark mists that flew towards the crown in Adam's hands. It was an artifact that could only be activated by devouring the souls of thousands.

Originally, their plan was to have the Black Knights decimate the Demon Army in order to activate the Crown of Darkness. However, since William got in the way of their plans, the fastest way to achieve their goal was to have the Half-Elf and her comrade, Chloee, kill the demons so that their souls would be sucked up by the Crown, so they could activate its powers.

Ahriman's eyes never left William's body as the Half-Elf unleashed a one-sided slaughter against the Demon Army. As a God that started the Era of Darkness, he had seen his fair share of battles that surpassed the standards of mortals.Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

For him, William's performance was solely for entertainment. If he really wanted to, he could have easily ended the Half-Elf's life by using the Divinity that he had stored over the years, but he had no intention of doing that.

In order to hasten his recovery, he needed someone to inherit the power of Darkness, and make all of creation submit to him. Only when the Power of Faith was tilted in his favor would he be able to break free from the shackles that bound his body.

'This is bad,' William thought when he noticed the hundreds of dark mists that were congregating inside the Crown in Adam's hands.

"Quick Shot War Art First Form!" William roared as he pointed his staff in Adam's direction. "Destroy everything in your path!"

"Railgun!"

The Dark Wraith who was hovering beside Adam felt the threat of William's attack, so he immediately teleported Adam away from where he stood.

A second later, a powerful shockwave blasted everything away within a hundred meters from where Adam once stood, which sent the other Dark Practitioners flying in different directions.

William's strong senses scanned the entire battlefield. After feeling a disturbance in the surroundings, he decisively aimed his golden staff in the direction of the Giant Demon's body.

"Railgun!"

Adam, who reappeared on the Giant Demon's palm, didn't know that William had already predicted his location.

William sneered because he knew that he had succeeded, however, the sneer in his face disappeared when he saw a beautiful Elf appear in front of the young Demon who he had targeted.

"Disperse!" William ordered and the railgun that he shot disappeared mere inches away from Celine's chest.

The Dark Wraith chuckled when it saw that its plan had worked. It knew that William cared for the Bride of Destiny, and would never hurt her no matter what. Since that was the case, it was more than happy to use her as a shield to achieve his means.

"You bastard!" William cursed loudly at the Dark Wraith, which made him almost kill his lover.

Celine, who couldn't move her body, shouted at William with all of her might.

"Don't mind me, Will!" Celine shouted. "Destroy the Crown! Otherwise, you will not be able to leave this place alive!"

Adam, who stood behind the beautiful Elf, panted for breath. If the Dark Wraith hadn't used Celine as a shield to stop Wiliam's attack, he might be dead already. Anger burned in his chest as he glared at the Half-Elf who was looking at him with killing intent.

Feeling that he needed to return the favor, Adam planned to molest Celine in front of William in order to get back at him. Reaching out towards Celine's chest, the young Demon wanted to see the despair on William's face.

However, before he could even do that, his hand was repelled by a barrier that sent a sharp pain in his body.

"Only my chosen heir can touch the Bride of Darkness," Ahriman's voice echoed in Adam's consciousness which made his body uncontrollably shudder. "You still don't have the qualifications to have your way with her."

"I-I'm sorry, My Lord, I was wrong," Adam stuttered as he kneeled and looked up at the Giant Demon's face. "Please, forgive my transgressions!"

"Just this once," Ahriman replied. "Never again."

"Thank you for your mercy!" Adam bowed his head fervently. He knew that he narrowly dodged a death sentence for his attempt to rile up the Half-Elf who almost took his life.

With Celine being used as a shield to prevent William from attacking the crown in Adam's hand, the Half-Elf was running out of ideas.

His Heroic Avatar wouldn't hold out for long and when it disappeared, he would lose an edge against the powerful enemies that he was facing against.

Chloee, who was watching him from the ground, was clenching and unclenching her fists in frustration. Right now, they were at a great disadvantage, and she had no idea how they could turn the situation around.