Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1065 Desperate Struggle [Part 3]

'If only Celeste were here, then maybe we'd stand a chance against him,' Chloee thought with a grim expression on her face.

She could feel William's frustration as he stared at Celine who was now being used as a hostage against him.

To make matters worse, the Demon Army was still bombarding him with spells, forcing him to dodge their attacks while thinking of a way to overcome his current situation. The practitioners of Dark Magic also started to move, and unleashed their Dark Art attacks in William's direction.

'What do I do?' William thought as he desperately evaded all the attacks that were aimed in his direction. 'What can I do?!'

Although William hated to admit it, fighting against a Pseudo-God, and a God at the same time was pure suicide. Although both seemed to not wish to take his life, their presence was enough of a deterrent force to force the Half-Elf to rethink his strategy.

The red-headed teenager felt that attacking the Demon Army would only hasten the activation of the Crown of Darkness, which would make things extremely difficult for him when the requirements for its activation were met.

'I need to do something, and I need to do it fast!' William firmly held the golden staff in his hand as he eyed Adam, who stood behind Celine.

Right now, he was in desperate need for a solution to his problem. Unfortunately, no matter how hard he thought, no answers came to him.

Standing on Ahrimans' palm, Celine felt her heart ache as he saw the helplessness in William's eyes. If she could end her life to make him go all out to destroy the Crown of Darkness, she would have done it already.

Unfortunately, her life was no longer in her hands. Ahriman had made sure that she wouldn't be able to do anything that would harm herself. This made Celine very anxious because slowly, but surely, she could feel a mark appearing on her chest.

The more the crown absorbed the souls of the demons in the surroundings, the clearer the emblem on Celine's chest became. It was the mark of Darkness, which proved that she was the destined Bride of Ahriman's successor.

'Let her wear the crown,' Ahriman ordered Adam. 'Do it now!'

Wanting to please the God of Darkness, Adam immediately placed the Golden Crown on top of Celine's head.

The moment the crown touched her head, Celine's thoughts scattered like dried leaves blown away by a gust of wind.

Her eyes lost their luster as she stood in a daze. A second later, four pairs of black angel wings sprouted from behind her back.

She then flew towards the sky and stared at the Demon Army under her feet with an indifferent expression on her face.

Celine then raised her hand and a giant Black Fireball appeared above her head. Celine said in a cold and unfeeling voice before hurtling the Fireball towards the ground.

The Demons immediately scattered to evade Celine's attack, but to their surprise, the Black Fireball split into dozens of smaller Fireballs, which incinerated those who were unlucky enough to get hit by her unholy attack.

"Master! Stop it!" William said as he flew towards Celine with the intention of taking the Crown off her head.

Unfortunately, the beautiful Elf paid no heed to his words. In fact, she just casually took a step forward and reappeared hundreds of meters from where she originally stood.

"Die." Celine stated as she unleashed several devastating Dark Art attacks that killed the Demons in the dozens.

Dark mists flew towards the Crown on her head, which made one of the three jewels embedded on it glow crimson red.

"The first seal… has been unlocked." The Dark Wraith nodded its head in satisfaction after seeing the gem on the crown light up. "Two more… to go."

Fading away from its location, the Dark Wraith reappeared in front of William and used its Deathscythe to stop the Half-Elf from interfering with Celine's one-sided massacre.

"You are… one of the candidates… why are you… getting in our way?" the Dark Wraith asked as it blocked William's desperate attempts to stop Celine's onslaught.

"Damn you! What did you do to my Master?!" William shouted in anger as he smashed Ruyi Jingu Bang on the Dark Wraith's head, but the latter easily parried it with the weapon on its hand.

"She is merely… fulfilling her role," the Dark Wraith answered. "If you become… the chosen one… she will belong… to you."

"She already belongs to me!"

"Hahaha… in your dreams."

William and the Dark Wraith zigzagged across the sky as they fought for what they believed in.

Suddenly, a scream of pain reached William's ears, and his blood turned cold when he realized who the owner of the voice was.

In order to sneak up behind Celine, Chloee reverted to her small fairy form and flew high in the sky. Due to the chaos that was happening around them, everyone had completely forgotten about her, so she was free to do what she wanted.

Her plan worked perfectly. No one was able to see her descend from the sky and grab hold of the Crown on Celine's head.

However, something unexpected happened after the little fairy took the Crown off Celeste's head.

The Crown of Darkness disappeared from Chloee's grip, and reappeared on top of her head.

Celine's body fell from the sky, but the Dark Wraith waved its hand and made her reappear on Ahriman's palm.

"Sixth Master!" William cried out in alarm after seeing the little Fairy squirm in the sky.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

A few seconds later, Chloee floated completely still. Her body then glowed briefly before transforming into her fourteen-year old form.

"Die." Chloee said indifferently as she descended towards the Demon Army like a meteor.

Fountains of blood rose up in the air as she cut through the Demon Army like a railgun, annihilating everyone in her path.

William stared in horror when he saw his happy go lucky Master kill the Demons in front of her with a coldness that didn't match her usual personality.

"Dammit!" William cursed as he flew in her direction.

The Dark Wraith didn't bother to stop him because it was also interested in how things would turn out. Although this was something unexpected, it didn't care as long as the end result remained the same.

—--

Hestia Academy… . coᴍ

Celeste clutched her chest, as a pained expression appeared on her face. It was a pain that came through her very soul, and it made her nearly faint due to how intense it was.

"What's wrong?" Claire asked as she looked at her Master with concern.

"It's Chloee," Celeste replied as she took deep breaths as she tried to endure the painful feeling in her chest. "Something happened to Chloee."

Claire's eyes widened in shock before a resolute expression appeared on her face.

"I think it's time," Claire said in a serious tone. "We need to make our move."

Celeste closed her eyes before resolutely nodding her head. Now that it had come to this, there was only one thing they could do, and that was to play their part in order to give their side a small chance at victory.