Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1066 I Am The Chosen OneÂ

"Sixth Master, snap out of it!" William shouted as he flew towards Chloee, who was currently under the influence of the Crown of Darkness.

Although she was strong, the demons weren't push overs either. They fought her with everything they had, which injured the young lady, who didn't have full control of her senses.

Her clothes were now stained with her own, as well as her enemies', blood as she fought like a robot that was devoid of feelings. Two glowing gems shone in the Crimson Crown on her head, signifying that its second seal was now unlocked.

"Sixth Master, stop it!" William appeared in front of Chloee and attempted to swat the crown off her head, but the young lady blocked the golden staff with her hand, before unleashing a quick kick in William's direction.

The Half-Elf managed to use the staff to block her attack, but it still sent him flying several meters away away from her, but towards the demons.

'I forgot that the more injury she sustains, the stronger she becomes,' William thought as he tried to regain his footing by skidding on the ground.

However, before he could try again to stop Chloee from her one-sided slaughter, the Demons around William shifted their attention to him and attacked him without a care for their lives.

Seeing this scene, Adam wasn't able to stop himself from laughing. It was quite ironic to see William desperately try to stop Chloee from killing the Demon Army, but the Demon Army wished to kill him as well.

The Half-Elf gritted his teeth as he blocked and dodged Chloee's attacks, as well as the spells that the Demon Army fired at him.

It was truly a helpless situation and William was being attacked on all sides.

"Sixth Master! Please stop this!" William pleaded. "Don't you recognize me?! It's me, William! Your Disciple."

Chloee's fist, that had managed to get past through William's defenses after he dodged a sneak attack from one of the Demons behind him, stopped mere inches away from his face.

"Why?," Chloee asked. "Is it because I am not Human that you don't think much of me?"

"Sixth Master?" William was shocked to see tears streaming down the side of Chloee's face as she looked at him with dazed eyes.

"Is it because I am not Human that you don't look at me the way that you look at your lovers?" Chloee asked once more as the two gems embedded on the golden crown on her head glowed brightly. "Unforgivable. I won't forgive you for not treating my love seriously!"

William instinctively felt that his life was in danger, so he immediately somersaulted upwards as he tried to create as much distance between himself and Chloee as possible. However, just as he was about to leave her attack range, a cold and chilling voice reached his ears.

"Duel [EX]!" Chloee declared as she took a pose to unleash her ultimate combo.

'Sh*t!' William cursed internally as his body was pulled back in Chloee's direction by an invisible force.

He watched as Chloee's right fist shone radiantly as she prepared to unleash one of her most powerful moves, which was the Overwhelming Strike. This was an attack that William was quite familiar with and, to be perfectly honest, he was very afraid to face it head-on, even if he was in his Heroic Avatar form.

"Sweep away all adversaries!" William roared as he steeled himself to meet Chloee's strongest attack with everything he had.

"Ruyi Jingu Bang!"

"Overwhelming Strike!"

A loud explosion made the entire domain tremble as the golden staff collided with Chloee's fist. William shot backwards like a cannonball due to the incredible power that Chloee's punch possessed.

He flew for hundreds of meters before crashing on the ground and rolling for dozens of meters before he came to a complete stop.

Chloee didn't fare any better since she also was pushed back by the destructive power of their collision.

The young lady's arm was bent in a weird angle as she rolled on the ground for dozens of meters.

Her clothes were already in tatters, due to the demon's attacks, but due to the explosion, her clothes could no longer be called clothes, but a rag that was torn to pieces.

The Crimson Crown that was on her head, lay harmlessly a few meters away from her. Clearly, it had been forced off her head after her powerful clash with William.

A few seconds later, a dark whip coiled itself around the Crown, and held it in a firm grip. One of the candidates to become the Heir of Darkness took this opportunity to steal the Crown, to the surprise of everyone.

"I will be the Lord Ahriman's Heir!" the candidate who was in his mid-twenties shouted as he flew towards the sky holding the golden crown in his hand. "All of you will submit to me!"

As everyone's gazes locked unto his body, the candidate placed the crown on his head without batting an eye. Although he had seen how the golden crown had controlled Celine and Chloee earlier, he thought that since he was once of the Chosen Ones, he wouldn't be affected by the corruption of Darkness.

A minute passed then two, but the candidate wearing the crown didn't lose his senses.

"I did it!" the candidate shouted. "I am the Chosen One!'Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Adam clenched his fist in frustration as he gazed up at one of his acquaintances whom he didn't think of much in the past.

"Impossible!" Adam couldn't believe what he was seeing. "This is impossible!"

The candidate gazed down on Adam who was currently standing on the palm of Ahriman's hand with a sneer. Truth be told, he had long wanted to put Adam in his place because he acted as their leader, even though all of them were candidates to become Ahriman's Heir.

"Impossible?" the candidate said with disdain. "The only thing that is impossible is your delusion. Did you really think that you alone can become the Heir of Darkness? I'm sure that you already thought that you got this in the bag, but jokes on you! Time for you to die!"

The candidate decisively flew towards Adam with the intention of taking his life.

The Dark Wraith chuckled as he watched this scene with great interest. Anyone with the power of Darkness inside their body could wear the golden crown without being corrupted. This meant that everyone had a fair chance to become Ahriman's Heir, as long as the right conditions were met.

While all of this was happening, William had forced himself to go to Chloee's location. Although he wasn't seriously injured, he did receive significant damage from the little fairy's "Law Breaker" ability, which passed through his defenses.

"Sixth Master," William said as he gazed at Chloee's disheveled form. He immediately took out several advance potions from his storage ring and poured it over her body. For some reason, he couldn't use his Job Class, Life Wizard, to help cure her injuries.

As the potions started to take effect, Chloee slowly opened her eyes and looked at William in a daze. The Half-Elf then took out a blanket from her storage ring and used it to cover Chloee's body, whose clothes were already in tatters.

Chloee couldn't muster any strength on her body, because the crown had drained most of her power when it took control of her. Even so, she still gazed at William as she felt her cheeks burn due to shame and embarrassment.

"About what I said earlier…," Chloee said softly. "You can for–"

William pressed his finger over Chloee's lips before shaking his head.

"Let's talk about that later, Sixth Master," William replied. "For the time being, wear these clothes first, and drink these rejuvenation potions. Our situation is not too optimistic at the moment."

Chloee knew that William didn't want to talk about her earlier outburst, so she decided to drop the topic for the time being. After drinking the potions that the Half-Elf had given her, she then wore the tight training clothes that Wililam had bought from the God Shop a long time ago.

They were the clothes he wore whenever he sparred with Celine, and since they had the auto-fit function, Chloee was able to wear them without any problems.

"I'm sorry," Chloee stated. "Even though I drank the potions, I can feel that it will take some time before my strength returns. I'm sorry for being a useless Master."

"You're not useless, Sixth Master," William replied as he gazed at the battle that was currently happening around him. "My Heroic Avatar is also about to end. For the time being, let us leave this place until you fully recover your strength. Since they are hell-bent on killing each other, let them kill each other as much as they want."

William carried Chloee like a princess and flew in the opposite direction of the battle. Right now, he still wasn't sure about what action he should take. All he knew was that whoever wore the crown in the end, would definitely massacre everyone else inside the Domain.

'Celine, wait for me.' William gritted his teeth as he glanced at the direction of his lover. 'I will come back for you.'

Now that the Dark Wraith had confirmed that Celine was indeed the Bride of Darkness, William would do everything in his power to take her away from this place.

What William didn't know was that there were four individuals that were paying extra close attention to his actions.

Invidia, Superbia, the Dark Wraith, as well as Ahriman were paying attention to every action he made. Although none of them made any move when William escaped carrying Chloee in his arms, all four of them knew that he wasn't the type to leave someone important to him behind.

'Do you think he will return?' Invidia asked Superbia through telepathy.

'I don't know,' Superbia answered. 'In front of overwhelming odds, my Pride won't allow me to back down and lower my head. Such is the Sin I carry. How about you?'

'Me? The moment things don't go in my favor, I will immediately leave. What's the point in dying a martyr's death when you can live to fight another day? At least, I am not delusional enough to think that I can win against a God.'

Superbia lightly nodded her head in acknowledgement of Invidia's words. She could understand that if anyone were in William's position, they would have done the same thing he did.

After all, how could they possibly fight against a God, a Pseudo-God, and an Army of Demons all alone?

'Still, if he really doesn't save Celine, I will look down on him for the rest of my life,' Superbia declared. 'I will never acknowledge such a man.'

'Mmm, I guess you have a point. I also feel the same.'

The two beautiful ladies who bore two of the Seven Deadly Sins of the world, shifted their gaze to the Demon Candidate who was currently fighting against Adam with everything he had.

The two of them were merely spectators in this battle that would decide the fate of the world. They just wanted to see who among the younger generation would become the Heir of Darkness, and make their wishes a reality.