Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1069 Over My Dead BodyUpd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"How?!" Adam roared in anger. "You are not one of the candidates! Why are you able to wear that crown without going crazy?!"

The green-haired boy with red eyes smirked as he looked at the black-haired Demon who was looking at him with shock and disbelief.

"Why? The answer is really simple," the green-haired boy replied in a teasing tone. "It's because I also wield Dark Magic."

"Impossible! If you really practice the Dark Arts then you should have entered the Ancient Ruins long ago!"

"And who told you that I didn't?"

The green-haired boy wagged his finger at Adam who was looking at him with bloodshot eyes.

"Did you forget? The ones that first managed the ruins when it was discovered was me," the green-haired boy stated. "Naturally, the first to enter was also me. You guys were summoned after I finished my exploration."

Adam couldn't believe what he was hearing.

No.

He decided to not believe what he was hearing. After all, if that was really the case then all of them were fooled from the very beginning.

"Are you saying that everything that happened was according to your plan?" Adam clenched his fist as he glared at the person in front of him. "Did you orchestrate everything from the very beginning?"

"You think too highly of me," the green-haired boy replied. "When I first entered the ruins, I barely escaped with my life. Because of that, I used an artifact to seal the Dark Magic inside my body, so I wouldn't be affected by the call of the ruins. It just so happened that an opportunity was presented to me to seize the crown. Everything else was just a series of coincidences. No… There's no coincidence. This was the act of Destiny."

Felix, the crown prince of the Demon Race sneered at Adam. The Crimson Crown was firmly planted on his head, and the Power of Darkness radiated from his body. Clearly, he wasn't lying when he said that he also wielded Dark Magic, for only those who had it could wear the crown without losing their sense of reason.

"What a shame, Adam," Felix said as he lightly rubbed his chin. "I was serious when I asked you to become my subordinate. Unfortunately, your ego was too big and you thought that you were the one and only one who was destined to wear this Crown on your head."

Felix words that were filled with ridicule made Adam wince. He couldn't refute that he had thought of it that way. For him, he was the one and sole Heir of Darkness, and everyone else was just a stepping stone that would take him to greatness.

"I'll give you one last opportunity, Adam," Felix stated as he gazed at the Demon that had betrayed him. "Submit to me, and I will turn a blind eye to your transgressions."

"Never!"

"Fine. Don't regret it."

Felix raised his hand as a devilish smile appeared on his face. A moment later, Adam's body trembled uncontrollably as black mists oozed out of his body.

"W-What are you doing?!" Adam asked as he endured the excruciating pain inside his body. "What are you doing to me?!"

Felix sneered as he looked at Adam with contempt. "I am just taking your power away. Since you wish to defy me then I will take your Dark Arts and make it mine. Don't worry, I will not take your life. I want you to see and regret the choices you made as I conquer this world and build my empire!"

Adam cried out in pain because he felt as if his very soul was being stripped from his body. A few minutes later, he collapsed on the ground, panting for breath as blood flowed out of every orifices of his body.

Felix chuckled as he gazed at his surroundings. The other candidates were also looking at him from inside the pitch-black world. Only those who wielded the Power of Darkness could navigate in this world bereft of light.

They had all witnessed what had transpired between the two, and the aftermath made them shudder internally.

"So, what will it be?" Felix asked as he arched an eyebrow. "Are all of you with me, or against me? Make your choice now."

The Candidates exchanged a glance at each other, before kneeling one by one in front of Felix.

"I hereby pledge my undying loyalty to you, Your Highness!"

"Command me as you will, My Prince!"

"My allegiance is yours, Your Highness!"

One by one, the candidates pledged their undying loyalty to Felix, which made the latter nod his head in satisfaction.

After receiving everyone's pledge, he then shifted his attention to look at the beautiful Elf, who was slowly, but surely, making her way towards him.

"You're finally here, My Bride," Felix said as he gazed at Celine with the eyes of a conqueror.

His gaze landed on her beautiful face, her womanly curves, as well as the black mark that was shining over her right breast, proving that she belonged only to him. Immediately, he could feel his body heat up, as he lustily looked at her body.

"As expected of my destined woman," Felix muttered. "You're perfect."

Felix really felt that Celine was perfect. He had already seen many beauties in the Demon Continent, but the Elf's beauty, which had been baptized with the Power of Darkness had become more profound, surpassing all the ladies that he had seen and bedded in the past.

"You will be my Queen, and I will be your King," Felix declared as he walked towards the beautiful Elf, whom he would force to bear his children.

Celine bit her lips, as she fought the command that was given to her. However, just like her earlier attempt, it was futile.

Slowly but surely, she knelt down on the ground to obey her new Master. However, before her knees could even touch the ground, a pair of strong arms wrapped itself around her body and pulled her up, preventing her from kneeling.

"My woman will not kneel to anyone."

William said with a cold expression on his face as he glared at Felix, who had stopped his advance.

"She is my Queen," William declared. "Always will be. Isn't that right, Celine?"

"Yes," Celien replied, as she endured the stinging pain on her chest. "I am yours, Will."

Felix chuckled as he looked at the beautiful Elf and the handsome Half-Elf in front of him.

"So, you like each other?" Felix asked with a mischievous expression on his face. "This is good. I will let you witness how I conquer your woman in front of you. I'm sure that it will be a very memorable experience for you, Ainsworth."

"Over my dead body," William replied.

"That can easily be arranged, but where is the fun in that?" Felix shook his head. "I will make you feel despair and helplessness for being weak and powerless. Consider this my family's revenge for what your father did to our entire race. Do you really think that I'll let you die easily? Perish the thought. Now, give her to me."

Felix made a beckoning gesture, and the mark on Celine's body glowed crimson red. The beautiful Elf bit her lips in order to prevent her pained cries from leaking out, but the tears in her eyes showed how much he was suffering.

"The only thing you'll get, is a smack on your head," William declared as he threw the golden staff in his hand towards the heavens."

A moment later, a powerful and fearless voice reverberated in the heavens, as the dome of darkness dispersed under his brilliant aura.

"Reject Humanity!" Sun Wukong roared. "Return to Monke!"