Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1070 Who Do You Think Will Win?

A dazzling light descended from the heavens and dispersed the darkness that blocked his way.

A moment later, a proud, and arrogant Monkey King stood between Felix, and William with a smile on his face.

"Will, I'll leave this boy to you," Sun Wukong said as he shifted his attention to the Dark Wraith, who was the biggest threat inside the domain. "You can handle him, right?"

"Of course," William replied with confidence. "I'll deal with him."

"Good. I don't really want to fight children. I'll just smash this Pseudo-God first."

"Understood."

Without another word, Sun Wukong somersaulted in the air. His powerful presence was strong enough to deter any opposition because, in his eyes, the only opponent was the Dark Wraith that was manipulating things from behind the scenes.

Now that he was here, Will no longer needed to worry about someone sneak attacking him from behind as he dealt with the so-called Heir of Darkness, who thought that he had already won the battle.

"Master, I'll handle him," William said as he handed Celine over to Chloee, who had appeared beside him. "Chloee, take her to a safe place. Leave the rest to me."

"Okay." Chloee nodded her head as she flew away, carrying Celine with her. Although she still hadn't fully recovered her strength, her strength was enough to deal with anyone who tried to take Celine from her.

This was the only thing that she could do so William could fight with everything he had, without worrying about their safety.

Felix crossed his arms over his chest, as he allowed Celine to be taken away from him. Right now, they were inside the Ancient Ruins. No matter where she ran off to, she couldn't escape his grasp.

Also, he was very curious to see what the red-headed teenager was capable of. His father had lost to William's father in the past, and now, he felt that it was time to reverse their roles, so that a new page of history would be written.

A history with his name on it, and how he triumphed over everything that stood in his way.

"Your father won against mine," Felix said. "This time, I will correct that mistake."

"No. It will be the same," William replied. "History will repeat itself, with you losing just like your father did."

"I see. You still don't understand who you are dealing with."

"No. it is you who does not understand who you are dealing with."

The moment William finished his words, both combatants disappeared from where they stood and clashed head-on.

William was wielding Soleil in his hands, while Felix held a Dark Spear in his. Although the green-haired Demon was proficient in using a sword, he was more of a threat when using a spear.

The two clashed several times as they both gauged each other's strength. Right now, William's strength was at the peak of the Myriad Rank, while Felix was the same. After gaining the acknowledgement of the Crown of Darkness, his powers had steadily increased until he had reached the peak of the Myriad Realm.

The only difference was that Felix's strength was still growing. Once the Crown of Darkness bestowed all of its power to its current owner, Felix's strength would reach the peak of the Demigod Realm.

This process would take a few days at the very least, but for now, letting its owner have the strength of someone at the peak of the Mortal Realm was enough.

"Well, I guess you're not all talk," Felix said after he distanced himself from William after finally realizing his current rank.

"You're all talk," William replied as shifted his Job Class to Champion of the Sun.

"Solar Flare!"

A miniature sun appeared above William before he smashed it towards Felix who had also summoned a giant orb of Darkness.

"Dark Void!"

The two powers clashed, creating a powerful shockwave in the air. Everyone within a thousand meter radius of both fighters were blown away helplessly due to the overwhelming power of their attacks.

William and Felix roared as they tried to push their attack against each other. After half a minute of struggle, a powerful explosion made the Domain tremble as both fighters were blown away from the aftermath.

Felix was able to recover right away as he hovered arrogantly in the air. A defiant smile was on his face as he clenched his fist tightly.

"Yes. This is it," Felix said with excitement. "This is how things are supposed to be. It will be boring if I beat you too easily!"

William, who was on his opposite side, took a fighting stance as he absorbed the power of the Solar Flare that remained in the surroundings.

Soleil turned dark red, as the power of the sun powered it up, but Wiliam knew that the spear was only half-way charged.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

The Half-Elf changed his Job Class to Thunder Emperor. Although the Prestige Class' strength was only at the early stages of the Myriad Rank, lightning was a Demon's worst adversary.

"Stormcaller, let's go," William stated as the Ainsworth Family's heirloom floated by his side.

Tendrils of lightning snaked around its body as the crisp sounds of electrical currents reached William's ears. It was as if the weapon was assuring him that it would perform to the best of its abilities in the Half-Elf's fight against his enemy.

Dark clouds covered the sky as the rumbling of thunder resonated in the heavens. The pupils in William's eyes glowed brightly as streaks of lightning streaked in its depths.

Felix frowned because he didn't expect Wiliam to be able to wield the power of lightning. Although he now had the Power of Darkness protecting his body, he had to admit that his race's inherent weakness was something etched deep in their bones.

"Armor of Darkness!" Feflix declared and his body was immediately coated with Dark Armor. This was the only defensive move he could think of in order to ensure that he wouldn't be caught by surprise by William's unearthly display of power.

Felix was like a Dark Knight, but with a Crimson Crown on his head. The Dark Spear in his hand blazed with unholy flames as he prepared to launch an attack at William.

However, before he could even make his move, William appeared in front of him without warning and thrust Soleil to his chest. The blow forced Felix's body to bend over as he was propelled backwards.

But William's attack didn't end there. As if waiting for its Master's attack to connect, Stormcaller unleashed a giant bolt of lightning, which sent Felix crashing towards the ground, creating a crater where he fell.

This extraordinary display of power didn't escape the two ladies who were watching the battle from a safe distance.

"If he wasn't wearing that crown, Felix might have died from that attack," Invidia said with a smile on her face.

"But, he is wearing the Crown of Darkness, so he should be fine," Superbia replied.

"Who do you think will win?"

"The stronger one."

The corner of Invidia's lips curled up with a smile. Her friend was right. Only the strong would be the last one standing between the two teenage warriors. Initially, she thought that it would be a one-sided beating, with Felix overpowering William from the get go.

However, she didn't expect the Half-Elf to not be as simple as he seemed, which surprised her greatly.

"It's hard to not be envious of her right now," Invidia said as she gazed in Celine's direction. "I mean, two handsome boys are fighting for her right now. If I was in her place, I would be thrilled. How about you, Superbia?"

"I don't feel envy or jealousy towards her," Superbia replied. "Only pity. Our sister is quite pitiful, isn't she?"

Invidia nodded her head in agreement. "Yes. but, she's still Our sister. I'm sure that when she is pushed into a corner, she will throw all caution to the wind, and fight back."

Superbia smiled. Unlike her sisters, she prided herself for being one of the chosen ladies that bore a Sin in her body. She believed that no matter what circumstances they found themselves in, they would always fight tooth and nail against the fate that was presented to them.

For that was also the sin that they carried. The Sins that were always present in everyone's heart.