Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1071 It's Time For You To Know Your Place

As an existence that had guarded the Holy Grounds for thousands of years, the Dark Wraith had never felt a single threat to its existence.

That was, until today.

For the first time in its long, and decrepit, life, the Dark Wraith found itself hard pressed against the intruder that had suddenly descended into the Dark Domain that it guarded.

"Is that all you've got?" Sun Wukong asked as he lightly slapped the face of the Dark Wraith that was lying on the ground. "I guess you can only bully little children. What a weakling."

"Kuh… Arrogant Ape," the Dark Wraith replied as it unleashed the Power of Darkness in its body. "I'll… kill… you!"

"Yeah, maybe after a hundred thousand years," Sun Wukong smirked as he swatted the Dark Wraith with a powerful slap, uncaring about the Dark Energy that assaulted his body. "You see, parlor tricks like this don't work on me."

As soon as he finished his declaration, the miasma that the Dark Wraith had unleashed at point-blank range disappeared completely.

"Why are you interfering in this matter?" Ahriman asked through telepathy. "Are you that bored?"

"Yes," Sun Wukong replied. "You see, my boy, William, over there is fighting you guys even though the odds are stacked up against him. I just figured that I'd join in the fun and balance things out a bit."

Ahriman snorted in contempt. "Balance things out? Very funny. Do you really think that your appearance will change anything? You only hastened the inevitable."

"Oh?" Sun Wukong cleaned his ears as he stepped on the Dark Wraith's head and pushed it towards the ground. The Monkey King had coated the Dark Wraith with his Divinity, and prevented it from morphing away like that ghost-like entity it was.

"I'd like to see what you're talking about." Sun Wukong stated in a casual manner.

Ahriman chuckled. "Very well. It's time for you to know your place, Monkey."

Sun Wukong was about to yawn, but he stopped midway after he felt thirteen powerful presences that were coming from the heavens.

Six of them were almost as strong as him which made the Monkey King frown, the rest were beings who were at the initial stages of the Demigod Rank, which made the frown on his face deepen.

Although the other seven Demigods weren't a threat to him, they were a big threat to William who was fighting all alone. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"It looks like you are having fun, Wukong," a Bull Demon laughed as he looked at his mortal enemy with a gloating expression on his face. "Do you mind if we join?"

"Dear, stop teasing him," a beautiful Demon with a fan in hand commented. "Since we're already here, wouldn't it be boring if we didn't teach this Monkey a lesson or two."

"Bull Demon King, and Iron Fan B*tch," Sun Wukong snorted. "Looks like you are both here to get beaten up."

"That's Princess Iron Fan to you, Monkey!" Princess Iron Fan shouted as she pointed her fan at the Monkey King. "Today will be the day we finally settle the score. Prepare yourself!"

"Shut up, B*tch," Sun Wukong replied. "You and that Bull is a match made in heaven. Both of you are merely dogs that wag your tail in front of your Master."

The Bull Demon King laughed as he rested his war axe over his shoulder. "We are a part of Ahriman's Faction. It is about time that the Demons finally show the world whose boss. You are a Demon yourself. Why not just join our side and drink wine with me like old times?"

Sun Wukong ignored the Bull Demon King as he gazed at the four other enemies that had encircled him.

"Da Peng, Kinkaku, Koriki, and you… I didn't know that you are also part of their faction," Sun Wukong spat on the ground as he glared at the Demon whose appearance resembled his.

"Why not? You already know that I hate you with a vengeance," the Fake Sun Wukong smirked before passing his right hand over his face. His transformation was undone, and he appeared using his original face in order to spite the Monkey King who had thwarted his plans in the past.

"Six-Eared Macaque, at your service," the Six-Eared Macaque made a curtsy filled with sarcasm before laughing out loud.

The six powerful Demons who had fought against Sun Wukong over the past hundreds of years looked at him with eyes devoid of mercy.

The Bull Demon King, a Demon whose strength almost equaled Sun Wukong's. The irony of it all was that although they were enemies, the two of them were sworn brothers as well.

Princess Iron Fan, a beautiful Demoness who was neither evil nor good. She cared deeply for her family, so when the Bull Demon King accepted Ahriman's offer to descend to the mortal realm and make him one of his commanders, Princess Iron Fan decided to come with him to ensure that he wouldn't cheat on her.

Da Peng, most commonly known as the Golden-Winged Peng—which was similar to a giant golden Eagle—was an ancient being and had immense powers. Even so, Sun Wukong had gotten in his way a few times in the past, which made Da Peng hold a grudge against him.

Koriki was a Demon that Sun Wukong had encountered in the past, and was also a troublesome one. He had almost been beheaded after losing to Sun Wukong, but he had somehow escaped in order to seek revenge against him.

As for the last, Sun Wukong had mixed feelings about the Six-Eared Macaque. This particular Demon liked to use the Monkey King's appearance to create havoc in the land, and make people think that Sun Wukong had finally gone crazy and turned against those who had believed in him.

Only the Buddha was able to tell who he really was, and prove to everyone that Sun Wukong was being conspired against.

Although he was not as brave or as confident as the Monkey King, the Six-Eared Macaque was definitely someone that even Sun Wukong had trouble fighting against.

Now, these six powerful enemies surrounded him, and ensured that he wouldn't be able to do as he pleased. The Monkey King sighed in his heart as he gazed at the seven other Demigods who were watching William's battle against Felix.

'This is a little troublesome,' Sun Wukong thought as he firmly gripped his weapon in his hand. Although he was confident that he wouldn't lose against the six demons surrounding him, he couldn't say the same about William's current circumstances.

The Monkey King had a feeling that if he tried to help the red-headed teenager fend off the seven Demigods that were eyeing the Half-Elf at the moment, the other six enemies would target the boy as well, which was something that Sun Wukong didn't want to happen.

"I told you, didn't I?" Ahriman's voice, filled with ridicule, reached Sun Wukong's ears. "You can't stop the inevitable. Just watch from the side like the good Monkey you are, and watch the defeat of your favored mortal."

Even the Dark Wraith who was under Sun Wukong's feet, laughed mockingly at the Monkey King's helplessness. This in turn, angered Sun Wukong causing him to repeatedly stomped his foot to torture the Dark Wraith, who was getting on his nerves.

The six demons that encircled the Monkey King didn't move, and allowed Sun Wukong to vent his frustration on the Dark Wraith who didn't know how to keep its mouth shut.

They knew that the Monkey King had already accepted his fate, and would not do anything reckless, or else they would no longer hold back and target the red-headed teenager, whose current circumstance had turned for the worse.