Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1072 I Will Wait For You At The Roots Of The World Tree

Why?'

'Why can't I beat him?'

These were the thoughts that passed through Felix's head as he clashed with Wiliam over and over again. Each and every time, the Half-Elf gained the upper hand and gave him a good thrashing. If not for the Dark Armor he was wearing, he might have already sustained grievous injuries due to their intense battle.

"Impossible," Felix muttered as he gazed at the opponent who was looking down on him from the sky. "Why are you so strong?!"

William ignored Felix's words as he threw Stormcaller towards the Demonic Prince, who was currently lying on the ground.

A thunderous roar spread across the heavens as hundreds of lightning bolts descended towards Stormcaller, painting their surroundings with their brightness.

What followed next was a powerful explosion that sent a dust cloud rising towards the sky.

Stormcaller returned to William's side as it crackled with power after delivering a powerful attack to its target.

'It's still not enough.' William clicked his tongue as his vision swept through the dust cloud, and locked onto the body of the green-haired Demon, who was encased in a pitch-black armor.

"No matter what you do, it's useless!" Felix shouted as he propped himself from the ground. "I am invincible! You can't defeat me!"

The green-haired Demon wanted to say more, but he could feel blood rising up his throat, so he decisively clamped his mouth shut, in order to prevent showing any kind of weakness.

After forcefully swallowing back the blood that had nearly escaped his lips, Felix raised his dark spear and pointed it at the red-headed teenager who had made him suffer so much.

"Kill him!" Felix ordered. "What are you all looking at?! Kill him!"

The Demon Prince couldn't accept that he was at a great disadvantage against the son of the Dungeon Conqueror that defeated his father. He thought that since he was already the chosen Prince, he would be able to trample anyone who stood in his way.

However, his current situation made him realize that he still didn't have enough power to overcome the person whom he had deemed as his rival.

Felix was considered to be a prodigy of the Demon Race. He had fought inside dangerous dungeons in order to gain battle experience. However, he had never experienced a fight where his life was on the line.

Even when he was challenging dungeons, there would always be elite Demons to guard him. These Demons would always step in when Felix was in a pinch, so he had never really suffered any hardships.

He was very different from William, who had risked his life several times in the past by fighting against strong opponents. What Felix lacked was true battle experience. He wasn't like William who had fought wars, Demigods, and Pseudo-Gods, and lived to tell the tale.

"What a disappointment." Invidia shook her head when she heard Felix's shout.

Superbia also nodded her head in agreement. Although she didn't say anything, the coldness in her gaze was enough to tell how disappointed she was due to Felix's incompetence.

The two beautiful girls watched as two of the Demigods that had encircled William made their move to attack the Half-Elf.

Aside from the two Demigods, tens of thousands of shadowy figures materialized on the ground. They were the Demons that had been corrupted by the Power of Darkness since time immemorial who had become Shadow Demons that answered the call of the Heir of Darkness.

The red-headed teenager immediately found himself assaulted on all sides, as he desperately evaded all the attacks that were headed in his direction.

William could have run away, but he chose not to. He knew that the moment he did, Celine and Chloee would be targeted by the Demons, so he decided to endure and look for an opportunity to land a decisive blow on Felix, who was laughing on the ground, while being guarded by the five remaining Demigods.

"Is that the person you chose to ally yourself to?" Sun Wukong spat on the ground as he gazed hatefully at Felix from where he stood. "Pathetic."

The Bull Demon King, as well as his wife, Princess Iron Fan, frowned. As beings that were almost as strong as Sun Wukong, they also felt disappointed at Ahriman's Chosen Heir. However, since they were on the same side, they merely kept their silence as they stood their ground and prevented the Monkey King from aiding the Half-Elf.

"Yes, quite disappointing, but so what?" the Six-Eared Macaque said with contempt. "It's not his fault that he is on the winning side. Since we already have the advantage, why not use it to the fullest? Do you really think that we will take pity on someone who opposes us? Wukong, I didn't expect you to still hope for a miracle to happen."

The Monkey King ignored the Six-Eared Macaque as he gazed at William's desperate struggle. He knew that it was only a matter of time before he was cornered due to the sheer disparity in numbers.

Celine and Chloee, who was observing the battle in the distance, felt an ache in their hearts as they gritted their teeth in frustration. The beautiful Elf knew that if William wished it, he could probably escape this place if he left her behind.

However, she also knew that Wiliam wouldn't do that. This was why she was hurting so much. Chloee, on the other hand, blamed herself for not being strong enough to help due to her weakened state.

They could only watch helplessly as William fought tooth and nail against his enemies. He was like a lone lightning bolt streaking across the dark sky. Although he was still shining brightly, it was only a matter of time before his brilliance faded.

Then it happened.

The two Demigods decided to become serious and collaborated with each other in order to trap William in place. Their plan worked, and the Half-Elf was bound with Dark Chains that held his arms, legs, and waist, preventing him from moving.

"Die!" Felix shouted as he threw his Dark Spear towards his adversary, who was unable to dodge his attack.

It was at that moment when time suddenly stopped. The dark spear, the shadow demons, as well as the Demigods had come to a complete stop.

The gem on William's chest glowed brightly and a silver-haired Elf materialized in front of him. Kenneth's long silver hair fluttered in the breeze, as he turned around to face William.

"Smile. The World is not ending just yet," Kenneth said as he looked at William with a smile on his face. "I will wait for you at the roots of the World Tree."

Before William could even understand what was happening, Kenneth's body slowly dispersed like ashes being thrown in the wind. Only an oval red gem that shone brightly remained behind.

"I will wait for you at the roots of the World Tree."

Kenneth's words reverberated for the second time, before William heard a dull cracking sound. The red gem shattered and ripple-like fluctuation spread across the surroundings.

Soon, time once again started to turn, as the Dark Spear, the Shadow Demons, as well as the two Demigods, charged towards William as if nothing had happened.

Suddenly, a pink haired girl carrying a mace in her hand, deflected the spear that was aimed at her husband's heart.

An Old Witch with a crooked nose, materialized behind WIlliam as she used her mortar and pestle to block one of the two Demigods who had intended to crush William's body.

"Bind the world in your embrace and hold it in place!" Lilith shouted as he lashed her treasured weapon at the second Demigod who thought that it could hurt the man she loved. "Devastate, Gleipnir!"

"Let's go, everyone!" Princess Sidonie ordered as she flew in the air throwing fireballs at the Shadow Demons with a hateful glare.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Several shards of ice pierced the body of the Demigod that Lilith was facing. The otherworldly beauty looked at the enemies around her with a chilling gaze as her long, light-blue hair fluttered in the breeze.

It was also at this moment when Hundreds of portals appeared just above the land, and in the sky as William's Herd and King's Legion came to protect him.

"Die Motherf*ckers!" B1 shouted as it unleashed a barrage of magic missiles towards the tens of thousands of Shadow Demons as soon as he appeared in the sky.

"F*cking pieces of sh*ts!" B2 unleashed several alchemist fire bottles that Celine had provided them when she was still doing her experiments in the Thousand Beast Domain.

"I'M ROLLING!" Kasogonaga steamrolled the Shadow Demons on the ground, as Erchitu, Psoglav, as well as the Antz Army descended from the sky to join him.

They had long wanted to help William, but the restriction in the Holy Land of Darkness prevented them from leaving the Thousand Beast Domain to come to his aid.

Surprise had flashed across Felix's face when his sister, Chiffon, materialized out of thin air and blocked the attack that was meant to take William's life. However, his surprise didn't last long as a look of disbelief appeared on his face when Baba Yaga, several beautiful ladies, as well as hordes of monsters appeared to protect the red-headed teenager whom he thought was a goner.

Sun Wukong's loud laughter reverberated inside the domain when he saw the sudden change come to the battlefield. He knew that this was no longer a one-sided battle.

The Monkey King was quite aware of the forces that served under William's command, and with this, he no longer needed to worry about the red-headed teenager, who had been freed from the chains that bound him, by the people who loved him.