Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1073 Please Remember My Name. My Name Is Acedia

Thousand Beast Domain, twenty minutes before William's King's Legion appeared to help him…

Ashe, Princess Sidonie, Chiffon, and Lilith looked helplessly at the sky. They were able to witness William's battle, but they could not go and help him.

Even the Beasts inside the Domain were getting restless as they watched him get encircled on all sides by his enemies.

"Is there really nothing we can do?!" Kasogonaga angrily stomped its little paw on the ground as it shouted in its adorable voice. "We need to help Will!"

Erchitu and Psoglav, whom he considered as his two best friends, also had grim expressions on their faces. All three of them wanted to aid William in his fight, but no matter what they did, an invisible barrier was preventing them from leaving the Thousand Beast Domain.

Even Ella, who rarely showed an expression of anger, looked at the sky with a frustrated look on her face. She kept on clenching and unclenching her fists, as she thought of a way to help Will overcome his current predicament.

When everyone was feeling depressed, Kenneth stepped forward as his silver hair started to extend until it reached the ground.

"I have a way for everyone to leave this place and help Will," Kenneth declared. "However, the chances of all of you dying if you come out of this place is very high."

Kenneth turned around to look at the people, and beasts, who cared about William with a calm expression on his face.

"Are you sure that you are willing to take this risk?" Kenneth asked. "Once we do this, there's no going back."

Ashe stepped forward as he looked at Kenneth with determination.

"If you have a way to break the barrier that prevents us from helping him, please, do it," Ashe stated. "I would rather fight by his side than watch him suffer all alone."

"I feel the same," Chiffon declared as she also stepped forward. "I would not be here if not for William. He is my husband. No matter where he is, that is my place."

"He still hasn't given me his babies," Princess Sidonie said as she crossed her arms over her chest. "I will not let him die on my watch."

"Although we are still not married, he is already my life partner," Lilith summoned Gleipnir and held it firmly in her grasp. "Also, Amazons don't shy away from battles. His fight is my fight."

Kenneth nodded his head. "Keep him safe for me. The moment I dispel the barrier, this body will immediately disappear."

"Disappear?" Princess Sidonie asked. "What do you mean, disappear?"

Kenneth glanced at her before removing his upper robe. Everyone looked at his delicate body, and noticed an oval shaped red gem in the center of his chest.

"I am a homunculus," Kenneth replied. "This is not my real body. I can only control it remotely with the power of the Philosopher's Stone in my chest. In order to break the barrier, I need to detonate it in order to cause a ripple in space and time. That is the only way to allow all of you to leave this place."

Kenneth once again dressed himself properly before scanning the faces of everyone in his surroundings.

"Are all of you ready?" Kenneth asked. "If the answer is yes then I will detonate the Philosopher's Stone after I leave this place."

"Wait."

A calm voice that was filled with authority called out to Kenneth.

Everyone turned their heads to look at Ella, who was currently walking in their direction with several goats following behind her.

"You said that you are a homunculus," Ella said. "Since that is the case, this also means that Kenneth is not your real name. As William's adoptive mother, I would like to know the name of the person who plans to sacrifice the precious Philosopher's Stone to allow us to come to his aid. Tell me, what is your name?"

Kenneth looked at the otherworldly beauty in front of him. To this day, he never expected that the goat whom William had called Mama, was actually someone whose powers even Kenneth could not fathom.

"Acedia," Kenneth said with pride. "Please remember my name. My name is Acedia. Please, save Will in my place."

—----

Silvermoon Continent…

Arwen sensed a fluctuation from the spring of life that was hidden within the roots of the World Tree.

William's mother hurriedly made her way towards the spring's location with a frown on her face. There was only one person that had made that place her home, and she was supposed to be in the Central Continent with William.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

When Arwen arrived at the spring, her gaze immediately landed on the beautiful Elf, whose entire body was submerged under the water. Her long blonde hair, that was as long as the roots of the World Tree, glowed faintly from under the water.

She had been sleeping peacefully in the spring of life for many years, and it was very rare for Arwen to see her awake.

Suddenly, the young lady's naked body slowly rose to the surface of the spring. Arwen didn't hesitate as she waded into the waist-deep waters, in order to go to her Disciple's side.

The young lady's eyelids fluttered, before they slowly opened. She lazily gazed around at her surroundings, until her sight landed on Arwen, who had arrived beside her.

"Acedia, what happened?" Arwen asked. "I felt the destruction of the Philosopher's Stone that I gave you. Did something happen to Will?"

Acedia looked at William's mother for a brief moment before closing her eyes.

"Yes," Acedia replied. "Tell the Council that he has been born. William, his wives, as well as his King's Legion are now fighting against the forces of Darkness. The prophecy has come to pass."

Arwen's lips trembled when she heard Acedia's report. She knew that her Disciple would only use the Philosopher's Stone as a last resort to help William. Since Acedia had done it, Arwen knew that her son's condition was very dire, but there was nothing she could do about it.

"Please, save him…," Acedia said in a drowsy voice. "I can't… stay awake… any longer."

As soon as her words left her lips, Acedia's body became completely still before it was once again submerged in the spring of life.

Arwen looked at her Disciple one last time before hurrying towards the Elven Council to tell them the news. Deep inside, she was very worried about her son, but since she was thousands of miles away from him, the only thing she could do was pray.

Pray to the Gods that her beloved son would be able to survive the calamity that he found himself in.