Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1074 The Two Of Us Will Always Be Together, Whether You Like It Or Not

"My dear sister, fancy meeting you here," Felix said as he looked at the pink-haired girl whom he had bullied for years. "What are you doing here? Have you come here to become my obedient doll who will follow my every wish?"

Chiffon looked at her older brother while holding Sharur firmly in her grip. If she said that she hadn't received any trauma during her childhood, she would be lying. Even so, she was surprised to find herself not shaking in fear when facing the brother that had made her life difficult when she was still in the Demon Continent.

"No," Chiffon replied. "I came here to pay you back for the suffering that I experienced during my childhood."

"Chiffon, my sweet little sister. Don't be too attached to the past. Your big brother is now a changed man," Felix stated with a smile. "I will no longer mistreat you. In fact, I am willing to make up for the years of suffering that you experienced. If you want to blame someone, you should blame our father instead. You already know that I also suffered in his hands, no?"

Chiffon looked at Felix with a calm expression on her face. She was no longer the gullible little girl that would do everything for pieces of scraps that she could eat when her hunger reached its peak. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Just like you, I'm also a changed person," Chiffon replied. "I am no longer that little girl you bullied long ago. I will no longer listen to your lies."

Felix arched an eyebrow as she gazed at his little sister who was now looking back at him with a defiant gaze. The old Chiffon would always cower whenever their eyes met. However, the pink-haired girl who was staring at him right now, didn't have any fear in her eyes. Instead, what he saw in her eyes was a defiance that she had never shown to him in the past.

"What is he to you?" Felix asked as he pointed at William. "He's the reason you're no longer listening to me, right?"

"He is my husband."

"Husband? Him? Are you joking?"

Felix laughed as he looked at Chiffon and William with contempt. However, after seeing that the Half-Elf didn't deny his sister's words, the Crowned Prince stopped laughing.

"I guess Half-breeds tend to like each other." Felix rubbed his chin with interest. "How about this, Chiffon. You come to my side, and I'll let your husband live after I strip him of his powers. As long as you obey my every word, I will ensure that the two of you can be together. How about it?"

Chiffon pointed Sharur towards Felix as her expression became cold.

"I don't need your permission to be with him," Chiffon replied. "The two of us will always be together, whether you like it or not."

"Hah! We'll see about that." Felix sneered. "I no longer need your protection. Bring that rebellious sister of mine to her knees. Make sure not to kill her. I will re-educate her that going against me is a bad idea."

Three of the Demigods nodded their heads, as they flew towards the sky. Two Demigods remained by Felix's side because Ahriman ordered them to do so.

The battle was getting intense as Baba Yaga and Lilith fought against the first two Demigods, while Ella shifted her attention to the two Demigods that were approaching their location.

"I unlock your seals," Ella declared. "Deal with the other Demigod, I will handle this one."

Aslan, Chronos, and the rest of the goats transformed into their Demi-Human forms. Although they were weaker than the Demigods, the twelve of them had a unique synchronized ability that allowed them to fight against one, as long as all of them were together.

It didn't take long for Felix to realize that even with four Demigods on his side, the battle was still at a stalemate.

William's King's Legion fought against the Shadow Demons using battle formations that they had used from their previous battles.

Although the Shadow Demons were strong, they were just fighting as individuals, so they were nothing compared to William's organized army that was outclassing them, even though they were fewer in numbers.

None of the Demon Clans that had joined William's ranks were present in the battle because Princess Sidonie had forbidden them from joining. She knew how dangerous the upcoming battle was going to be, so she ordered them to stay put and wait for their return.

While the others fought against the Demigods, Ashe, Princess Sidonie, Chiffon, Charmaine and the rest of the Elves joined the fight against the Shadow Demons.

At the present moment, no one had a clear advantage over the others. William's forces had quality, but Felix's forces had quantity. The Shadow Demons were no ordinary creatures. They were the souls that had been trapped inside the Ancient Ruins, and had been soaked in the Power of Darkness for hundreds of years.

They were not cannon fodders that could easily be defeated. William's forces had already suffered hundreds of casualties in the first few minutes of the battle, due to how strong they were.

Seeing that time was not on their side, William once again locked his attention on Felix, who was standing between the two Demigods that guarded him.

The red-headed teenager knew that, in order for them to win, they must defeat Felix first no matter what.

"Lightning Strider!" William charged towards the Crowned Demon like a lightning bolt.

The two Demigods guarding Felix immediately went to defend him, but just before the two of them could block William's path, both of them were blown away by an attack that they didn't see coming.

A beautiful Elf, wearing a white celestial armor, threw a green fireball at the head of one of the Demigods, forcing it to evade to the side.

A teenage boy with short black hair that had golden stripes in it that resembled lightning bolts, smashed Mjolnir at the chest of one of the Demigods, sending it flying in the opposite direction.

"Have no fear, Elliot and Conan are here," the teenage boy, who looked like William, declared as lightning crackled across the hammer in his hand.

The two of them had merged, and used William as a medium to teleport to his location.

The beautiful Elf, who was wearing white celestial clothes, glanced at her twin sister, who was currently being guarded by Chloee, with a relieved expression on her face.

"Looks like we made it in time," Celeste said as she gazed at the green-haired Demon who was now being pushed back by William's relentless attack.

She then threw a jewel on the ground, where a golden portal appeared.

Byron, walked out of it, as well as thousands of elite warriors that had been raised by Hestia Academy in secret.

They had been trained for this very day, and now they would fulfill their role to the best of their abilities.

"Push them back," Byron ordered. "Show them the might of Hestia Academy!"

""Yes!""

The warriors of the academy shouted a deafening roar as they joined the ranks of William's King's Legion to fight against the Shadow Demons that numbered in the tens of thousands.

Ahriman's third eye narrowed its gaze as it looked at those who had invaded his Domain. Although he was confident that he still had the upper hand in the battle, he still felt annoyed that several insects kept on getting in the way of his revival.

"Da Peng, Kinkaku, deal with these bugs," Ahriman ordered. "Show no mercy and don't let them leave this place alive!"

The Giant Golden Eagle, as well as the One-Horned Golden Demon nodded their heads as they left Sun Wukong's encirclement.

The Demon Bull King, Princess Iron Fan, Korkiki, as well as the Six-Eared Macaque took out their weapons and eyed Sun Wukong with determined faces.

They had one task, and one task only. To prevent the Monkey King from breaking out of their encirclement.

Sun Wukong sneered at them, but he understood that breaking free from the encirclement would only bring more harm than good in the current situation.

'William my boy, the rest is up to you,' Sun Wukong gazed at the red-headed teenager, who was currently attacking Felix without holding back.

The Half-Elf was like a mad bull on steroids, and his roar reverberated in the surroundings, as he tried to break the Armor of Darkness that protected Felix from his deadly blows that were meant to take the arrogant Demon's life.