Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1075 Time To End This Farce [Part 1]

Due to Acedia's sacrifice, the laws that protected Ahriman's Domain from outside interference were broken.

This allowed William's Herd and King's Legion to leave the Thousand Beast Domain to come to his aid, as well as allow Conan, Elliot, and Celeste to lock on to William's and Chloee's location. Using the time that the Domain was still in an unstable state, Celeste opened the portal that allowed the Elite Warriors of Hestia Academy to join the battle.

Although Ahriman and the Dark Wraith didn't want to admit it, the advantage they had earlier had decreased by a good margin.

Ahriman's third eye locked on William's body as he gazed at him hatefully. It was all because of the Half-Elf that things were getting out of hand.

'I guess I could risk it even though my revival would be pushed back once again,' Ahriman thought as he fought an internal struggle inside his head. Even as a God, he still needed to make difficult choices in the current situation that he was in.

What he wasn't aware of was that high above the Temple of the Gods, a Primordial Goddess was watching the battle with an amused expression on her face. Standing beside her was the cloaked figure that William had met in the Deadlands. He was none other than her son, the God of Death.

"Looks like Ahriman is getting impatient." The Primordial Goddess smirked before glancing at her son. "You already know what to do, right?"

"Yes," the God of Death bowed his head in respect.

"Go. Ensure that Ahriman won't get his way. If he really plans to break the Code of the Temple of the Gods then we'd better take advantage of the situation."

"Understood."

The God of Death disappeared, leaving the Primordial Goddess to continue looking at the battle with a sweet smile on her face.

"I guess I'll have to thank you in advance, Ahriman," the Primordial Goddess said softly. "Because of you, my wish will be finally realized."

—--

Ahriman slowly opened his lips and several glowing orbs of light came out of the bodies of those that had died in the battle. He was planning to consume their souls in order to give himself enough Divinity so he could use some of his powers.

Everyone that was on William's side could only grit their teeth helplessly as they saw the souls of their allies fly in the direction of the God of Demons.

—---

William couldn't count the number of times he had tried to pierce Felix's armor using Soleil and Stormcaller.

The Black Armor was like an impenetrable shield. After attacking it several times, not even a crack could be seen on its surface.

"It's no use, Will," Celeste's voice reached out to the Half-Elf via telepathy. "That armor he is wearing is one of the Divine Regalia's of the God of Demons. Only attacks that are backed with the Power of Divinity will be able to damage it."

William smashed Soleil unto Felix's headgear, sending him crashing towards the horde of Shadow Demons that were trying to protect their Crowned Prince.

He then panted for breath as he wiped blood from the corner of his lips. Although Felix wasn't as experienced in fighting as William, the green-haired demon took advantage of his armor's invincibility to counterattack the Half-Elf and deal injuries to his body.

"Understood," William replied as he firmly gripped Soleil in his hand. 'I don't know if it will be enough, but I have no other choice.'

After absorbing the remnants of the Sun Flare earlier, Soleil's divinity had been charged by half. William knew that it was not enough to pierce through Felix's armor, and using the Divinity to charge it the rest of the way seemed like a waste.

However, in the end, he decided to take a gamble and use the last trump card he could use in order to channel Divinity into the spear of the Sun God.

"When the heavens above did not exist,

And earth beneath had not come into being --

There was Apsu, the first in order, their begetter,

And demiurge Tia-mat, who gave birth to them all."

Several stone tablets flew out of the gem on William's chest, and hovered around him, forming a circle.

"Celestial God, ruler of the skies that has long been forgotten, may you hear my desperate prayer," William chanted. "Grant me your strength, so I may slay the enemies that bring Chaos upon the world. Support me with your Heavenly Blessing, and grant me your sacred favor."

The tablets shone brightly, imitating the rays of the sun with William at its center.

The Half-Elf then charged towards the horde of Shadow Demons who were instantly obliterated by the radiance that was being emitted by the tablets around William's body.

"Let your eternal light pierce through the darkness, and burn my foes in glorious flames!" William roared. "Obliterate all who stand before me!"

Felix's face immediately became pale when he sensed the Divine Powers that were being channeled through William's spear, which was now burning brightly.

"Spear of Lazarus!" Feflix shouted as he summoned the second Divine Regalia of Ahriman, which the Crimson Crown had bestowed upon him. The spear in his hand blazed with Hellfire as he charged forward and thrust his sword towards his enemy.

When the two teenagers were only dozens of meters away from each other, their powerful shouts resonated within the minds of those who heard them.

"Bloom in the Battlefield," William pulled back his spear as he prepared to unleash the attack to kill the Demon that threatened those who were important to him. "Fleur Du Soleil!"

The green-haired demon knew that if he didn't stop William's attack, his life was going to end, even though he was wearing the Armor of Darkness. Because of this, he also activated the strongest skill of the Spear of Lazarus and clashed with William's attack head-on.

"Ravager of the King!" Felix roared as he thrusted the spear on William's chest. "Bring an end to the living! Lazarus!"

Suddenly, several dark chains appeared out of nowhere and grabbed hold of William's left arm that was holding Soleil, preventing him from thrusting it towards his opponent.

Blood flew in the air as the Spear of Lazarus pierced through William's chest, surprising everyone who was paying close attention to the duel of the two teenagers.

"Noooooooooooo!" Ashe shouted as she ran towards William. The moment the spear hit Wiliam's chest, she clearly felt that her other half was slowly losing its vitality, which meant that her beloved was slowly dying.

A hate-filled cry spread across the surroundings as Chiffon suddenly turned into a giant, and smashed Sharur on Felix's body with all of her might, sending her brother flying in the opposite direction.

Princess Sidonie, and Lilith also ignored their opponents and went to their beloved's side, hoping to save him.

It was then when it happened.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"Time to end this farce."

Ahriman's chilling voice echoed across his Domain.

The first one to fall was Ashe, who was just a meter away from William's body when a spear pierced through her chest, pinning her to the ground.

"W-Will…," Ashe said as she tried to reach out to the red-headed teenager whom she had loved for a very long time. Soon, her hand fell down on the ground, as her blood pooled under her body.

The next one to fall was Princess Sidonie, who was pierced by two spears while flying towards William's direction. She fell from the sky and landed dozens of meters away from William. Her body lay motionless, for everyone to see.

"Damn you!" Chiffon shouted as she tried to block the rain of spears that was flying towards the three people that were important to her.

She was too preoccupied with protecting everyone from the spears that she didn't notice the One-Horned Golden Demon that had snuck up behind her.

"I do not like this, but it has to be done," Kinkaku thrusted his golden sword forward behind Chiffon's back, piercing through her chest. "Forgive me, little one."

The pink-haired girl's giant body slowly shrank in size before collapsing on the ground. A bloody hole could be seen in her chest, where her heart used to be. A single tear fell from the corner of her eyes, before they completely lost their luster, as they stared blankly at the dark sky above her head.

Lilith cried out in sadness as she deflected the dark spears that had tried to take her life as well. Fortunately, Gleipnir was powerful enough to keep her life safe as she headed in the direction of her fallen sisters who had tried to protect the man they loved.

A moment later, several dazzling orbs of light flew out of Ashe's, Princess Sidonie's, and Chiffon's bodies. All of them flew in the direction of the God of Demons who was eyeing their souls with greed.