Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1076 Time To End This Farce [Part 2]

'Divine Souls!' Ahriman rejoiced internally when he saw the souls that were giving off a radiance that couldn't be compared to ordinary souls.

They were the souls that held powerful Divinities inside them, or souls that had been chosen by the Gods to become their followers.

Although he had expended most of the souls he had absorbed to meddle in the fight between William and Felix, the payoff was worth it, for every Divine Soul was equivalent to tens of thousands of souls.

Although some Gods had many followers, they also had Core Followers to whom they gave special care, as if they were their own children. Princess Sidonie, and Chiffon, carried the Sins of the world, so their souls held a powerful Divinity.

Ashe, on the other hand, was one of Astrid's core followers, alongside Est and Isaac. Although the Power of Divinity inside her body wasn't as strong as the souls of the Seven Deadly Sins, it didn't change the fact that it still contained a part of Astrid's power, leaving her soul with a trace of Divinity inside it.

"No!" Celine shouted as she flew towards the sky.

Black flames erupted from her back and formed six pairs of black angelic wings. She flew towards the three souls and forcefully contained them using the Power of her Divinity.

"I won't let you have them you bastard!" Celine roared in anger as she allowed her sealed Divinity to burst forth from her body.

Dark flames raged for hundreds of meters around her as Celine's wrath intensified.

"Kneel before me you wench!" Felix ordered as he gazed at Celine hatefully from a distance. "Obey me!"

The dark mark on Celine's right breast shone crimson red, but the beautiful Elf was unmoved. She then stared at Felix marking him as her target as she descended from the sky.

"I'll kill you!" Celine shouted with hate. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Her Wrath had overcome the power of the Mark of Darkness that forced her to obey Felix's orders. The only thing she wanted to do right now was to rip the Demon to pieces, in order to avenge her sisters who had died in battle.

The two Demigods that were guarding Felix moved in to block her path. However, Celine didn't stop her advance. Instead, she even increased her speed as the fingernails on her right hand extended and began to blaze with Dark Flames.

"Scram!" Celine roared in anger as she clawed the one of the Demigods that blocked her path.

The Demigod calmly used his weapon to block Celine's attack, creating sparks after they clashed.

To his surprise, the beautiful Elf overpowered him and was even able to cut off the arm that was holding the weapon. Celine didn't follow up with another attack and instead used that opportunity to close the distance between her and Felix.

Celine swiped her hand through the air and five wind blades, that blazed with Dark Flames, flew in Felix's direction.

Naturally her attack was blocked by the other Demigod, but the impact still sent it flying away, leaving Felix undefended.

"Die!" Celine's hand turned into a claw as she hatefully swiped down at the Demon that dared to control her Destiny.

A scream of pain spread across the Domain as Felix's blood gushed out of his body. His right arm, which was still protected by the Armor of Darkness, fell on the ground before Felix disappeared completely.

Celine's attack created five deep fissures in the ground that extended for hundreds of meters.

Growling like an animal, she turned her head to look in the direction of the God of Demons and saw Felix's body lying on the palm of his hand. Blood was still flowing from the shoulder she had sliced his arm from with her last attack.

"B*tch! How dare you?!" Felix shouted as he propped himself up with his remaining arm. "You dare hurt your Master?! You dare hurt your Lord?!"

"You are not my Master!" Celine shouted. "I will kill you!"

However, just as Celine was about to attack again, several dark chains bound her arms, and legs.

"Give them to me," Ahriman ordered. "Give the souls in your possession to me and I will overlook your transgression!"

Three dazzling souls with different colors were encased in an orb of dark flames that held them in place. No matter what Ahriman did, he couldn't absorb the souls because Celine had used her own Divinity to block his actions.

"Never!" Celine shouted as she gathered the Dark Flames around her to form a giant fireball. She had infused the fireball with the power of her Wrath, which made even the Demigods that were on Ahriman's side frown.

None of them dared to block this attack which contained a powerful Divinity.

"Die for me!" Celine threw the giant fireball towards Felix who was in the midst of trying to reattach the arm that had been cut off from his body.

The third eye on Ahriman's forehead shot a red beam of light that pierced through the giant fireball and through Celine's chest.

The beautiful Elf's body was then set ablaze with Dark Flames, making her scream in pain.

"Fool," Ahriman said in a voice filled with disdain. "You dare challenge a God with this feeble power? Know your place. You are merely a pawn. MY Pawn! You just have to do what you were born to do, and submit to your destiny!"

Celine's body collapsed on the ground as the power that encased the three souls in her left hand dispersed.

The three Divine souls that Ahriman coveted once again flew in his direction. Celine gazed at them as her vision blurred due to tears. Although she could activate the power of her Divinity to overcome the Mark of Darkness, she still fell short when fighting against the will of one of the strongest Gods in the world of Hestia.

Ahriman's lips opened as the three souls neared him.

However, just when the souls were a dozen meters away from his mouth, they changed direction and headed towards the sky.

Ahriman's third eye widened in shock because he didn't understand what was happening. However, his shock turned into disbelief when he saw a cloaked figure hovering in the middle of the sky.

"These souls are mine," the cloaked figure said as he gazed at Ahriman in contempt. "You broke the Code of the Gods. You were not allowed to personally interfere with the mortal realm and you have done so repeatedly. Taking the lives of these three mortals was something that you shouldn't have done, but what is done is done."

The cloaked figure then glanced at Celine who was lying on the ground. He then casually made a gesture and Celine's body floated in the air then flew in his direction.

'I was planning to kill her to end her suffering, but I can't,' the cloaked figure thought as his gaze locked on Celine's body, particularly her womb. 'If it was only her, I would have killed her right away, but I can't take the life of an innocent.'

The God of Death then held Celine's body before entering a dark portal. However, before he passed through it, he gave the Half-Elf on the ground a side-long glance. This only lasted for a brief moment before he disappeared from Ahriman's domain.

A hate-filled roar escaped Ahriman's lips after he had been denied his prize. If he had absorbed the power of the three Divine Souls, at least two of the chains that bound his body would have easily been undone.

'How dare you interfere?!' Ahriman's mental shout made the entire Domain tremble as all living and non-living beings held onto their heads due to the pain that they were suffering. 'Just who are you?!'

The God of Demons didn't know the identity of the cloaked person that had intruded on his Domain. The only thing that he knew was that only those who had similar powers to him, when he was at his peak, were capable of breaking through the laws of his world.

"Everyone leave this place now!" Elliott shouted as he raised Mjolnir to the sky creating thunderclouds. "Hurry!"

He had already seen what was going to happen next, and the only thing he could do was buy everyone time before the God of Demons threw caution to the wind, and annihilated everyone that was inside his Domain due to his anger and frustration.