Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1077 Not Bad For A Half-Baked Goddess, Right?

Everything seemed to move in slow motion, as Chloee stared at William's body that was pierced through by the Spear of Lazarus.

As someone who was experienced in battle, she knew that there was no way William was going to lose in that clash, but at the last moment, several dark chains grabbed hold of his arm, preventing him from unleashing his attack.

The little fairy knew that the one that summoned the chains wasn't Felix. The Crowned Demon didn't have the leisure to do something like that in the midst of battle. It was then that Chloee glanced at the Giant Demon God that was seated on the throne.

Even though she was quite far from him, she clearly saw that the corner of the Demon's lips was slightly raised.

"You!" Chloee shouted as time reverted to its normal speed.

The first thing that she thought to do in that moment was to use 100% of her true power and smash the Giant God's head in with her full-powered punch. However, that thought didn't last long before she once again shifted her attention to William in the distance.

'I need to save him!' Chloee tried to gather what little strength remained inside her body in order to fly in William's direction. However, just as she was about to run forward, her legs gave out, and she found herself crashing towards the ground, facefirst.

Just as soon as she raised her head, what she saw next made her heart tremble.

William's wives, died in front of her, while attempting to go to his side. This scene made her heart turn cold, as she was momentarily frozen in disbelief that what she was seeing was real.

Beside her, Celine released a blood-curdling scream before unleashing the power of her Divinity.

The beautiful Elf's divinity was Wrath. One of the most powerful Sins in existence because everything that blocked its way would be burned to ashes.

Chloee's heart beat faster inside her chest when she saw that Celine seemed to be winning against Felix. The moment when the green-haired demon's arm was cut off, she thought that the next blow would definitely take Felix's life.

Unfortunately, the God of Demons didn't allow that to happen, and immediately saved Felix from the brink of death by teleporting him to his side.

'Dammit!' Chloee gritted her teeth as she forcefully propped herself to the ground. Although she was still feeling weak, the fire burning inside her chest was forcing her to move her body.

When the souls of William's wives, as well as Celine, were taken by the cloaked figure, the world suddenly trembled.

It was as if an earthquake was taking place, which forced Chloee to change back into her fairy form. She then flew towards William with the intention to keep him safe. Chloee knew that, at this point in time, the red-headed teenager's life was hanging on by a thread.

'No! I won't let that happen!' Chloee desperately flew towards William with tears blurring her vision. 'I won't let that happen!'

—--

"Everyone leave this place now!" Elliott shouted as he raised Mjolnir to the sky creating thunderclouds. "Hurry!"

Conan, who had separated from Elliot, immediately flew towards the ground in order to take William away and flee.

"Kill everyone!" Ahriman shouted as his bloodshot third eye locked on William's body on the ground. "Bring him to me! I will personally torture his soul for eternity!"

The Seven Demigods, as well as the two other Celestial Spirits, Da Peng, and Kinkaku, all nodded their heads simultaneously and headed towards William's location. The Shadow Demons also stopped attacking their opponents, and charged towards the fallen Half-Elf like a black tide that was planning to drown him completely.

"Scram you bastards!" A mighty roar filled with anger reverberated in the battlefield.

Suddenly, a giant golden cudgel sweeped all the Demigods and sent them flying in the distance.

Sun Wukong's entire body had turned golden, while blood seeped from the corner of his lips. His eyes burned with fury after witnessing everything that had transpired.

"Ahriman, you f*cking bastard!" Sun Wukong shouted hatefully as he swatted Da Peng and Kinkaku like little flies.

"Careful! He is burning his life force to boost his strength!" Bull Demon King warned his comrades as he prevented his wife, Princess Iron Fan from joining the battle.

"He has gone crazy!" the Six-Eared Macaque exclaimed. "This might get a little bit dangerous."

Ruyi Jingu Bang was set ablaze as Sun Wukong smashed one of the Demigods with his gigantic golden cudgel, turning it into meat paste.

The Monkey King's anger had gone off the roof that he no longer cared if he would suffer greatly once the effect of his blood sacrifice ended. All he wanted to do was to kill as many enemies as he could in order to avenge William's wives, as well as vent the hatred in his heart.

"Die!" Sun Wukong swept countless Shadow Demons away, making them explode into a shower of sparks before they disappeared completely.

Da Peng and Kinkaku wisely backed off because they knew that if they tried to fight Sun Wukong while he was in this state, their chances of dying were very high.

"Kuuh!" Sun Wukong was doing his best to hold back when it came to smashing Ahriman's face with his weapon. Since Ruyi Jingu Bang was a weapon that held Divine Power, it had the ability to injure, and even potentially kill Gods.

However, since Ahriman was an ancient God, the Monkey King knew that he couldn't take any chances. Although he didn't want to admit it, he was afraid that his attack on the God of Demons would break the chains that bound his body, freeing him from the seal that held him in place.

"Sh*t!" Sun Wukong shouted as he transferred his hatred to another Demigod and pierced its chest with his weapon, killing another one of Ahriman's minions.

Because of this, all the Demigods, as well as the Shadow Demons retreated in haste. The Monkey King wasn't moving from his place, and his intent to defend William could be seen in his face.

If Sun Wukong wanted, he could probably kill a few more Demigods, as well as his hateful enemies if he tried. However, he didn't do that. He was afraid that if he left William's side, the God of Demons would try to sneak attack the fallen boy again and end his life once and for all.

Ahriman grunted as he gave a new order to his forces. This time, the ones they attacked where Wiliam's King's Legion as well as the elite warriors of Hestia Academy.

Celeste and Byron faced the incoming threat together with William's King's Legion but they were no match for the quantity and quality of Ahriman's forces.

"Celeste, we need to retreat!" Byron shouted. "If we stay, our forces will be annihilated!"

Celeste nodded before glancing in William's direction. She could see Chloee desperately flying towards him, which made her hesitate.

"Headmaster, retreat with our forces," Celeste said. "I will rescue William first."

Byron glanced in William's direction and nodded his head.

"You still have the Group Teleport Scroll that I gave you, right?" Byron asked.

"Yes." Celeste nodded. "I know what to do, Headmaster."

The two once again nodded at each other before flying in opposite directions.

"Retreat everyone!" Byron ordered as he threw five crystal beads on the ground. "Return to Hestia Academy!"

The Warriors of the academy immediately entered the portals, while some of their comrades guarded the rear.

Ella pushed the Demigods back, alongside Baba Yaga and William's King's Legion. Although she wanted to go to the Half-Elf's side so badly, she couldn't leave the others behind. She and Baba Yaga were the only two beings that were preventing her adopted son's forces from being massacred by the Demigods who surpassed them in power and rank.

Ella had already sent Chronos, Aslan, and the rest of William's herd to rush to his side and protect him. In truth, she couldn't fight in her current vessel for long because it was not capable of handing her divinity.

With every passing second, she knew that she was a second closer to her body disintegrating.

'You can hear me, right?' Ella asked as he summoned several giant ice spears to repel the Demigods that had advanced in their direction.

'Yes,' the Primordial Goddess seated on the throne replied.

'That being that took the souls of William's wives, as well as Celline, he works for you, right?'

'You could say that.'

'Can you promise me one thing?'

Ella frowned as her left arm hung limply at her side. She could no longer move it because it had already reached its limit.

'What promise do you want me to make?' the Primordial Goddess replied. Although she was Ella's rival, she knew that both of them only wanted what was best for him.

'Don't let him die,' Ella replied as she summoned a dome of ice to allow the warriors of Hestia Academy to retreat safely.

'So, it's my win, right?'

'Yes.'

'Very well. Die in peace.'

Ella smiled bitterly as she ordered William's Legion to head in his direction. The Warriors of Hestia had now safely returned to their academy.

The Goddess of the World, Hestia, asked her to help them in return for a favor. Ella readily agreed to her request. Even though the Goddess Hestia wasn't as powerful as she was in the past, a promise made by her would be fulfilled without fail.

After the Warriors from the academy had safely retreated, the attention of Ahriman's forces was now focused on William's army.

"Kasogonaga, lead them to William!" Ella ordered as she activated the power of her Divinity. She then pulled the bell that hung from her neck and threw it in William's direction.L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

The bell left a trail of silver light behind it as it flew towards William. Soon, it landed on the gem embedded in William's chest, which had turned completely black.

"I'm sorry," Ella said softly. "This is the only thing I can do for you."

The silver bell merged with the gem in William's chest, creating a faint ripple within its darkness. A moment later, a small glow started to pulsate at the center of the black gem.

She also waved her hand and encased the bodies of Ashe, Princess Sidonie, and Chiffon in a thick layer of ice, stopping the deterioration, and corruption of their bodies.

Ella sighed after seeing this before facing the monsters in front of her. Both of her hands hung limply at the sides of her body now, but she didn't pay them any mind.

"Even if it's only for half a minute, I will make you understand that you shouldn't have made me angry," Ella said in a cold indifferent tone as her body glowed brightly.

Ahriman's eyes widened in shock as he shifted his attention from William to the otherworldly beauty who was looking at him with killing intent. He hadn't paid much attention to Ella earlier because he thought that she was just using an ability to temporarily boost her rank to the Demigod Level.

"I didn't know you were a Goddess," Ahriman's cold voice spread across the Domain. "Well, a half-baked Goddess. It seems that your vessel is not capable of holding your Divinity."

Ella smiled as the power she released intensified, making the entire world shudder under her majestic form.

"It's time for you to feel the power of this half-baked Goddess," Ella declared as the Domain's temperature dropped to freezing levels. Only William and his forces were not affected by this sudden change in temperature.

"Absolute Zero."

Everything in front of Ella turned into ice sculptures. The Shadow Demons, the five Demigods, as well as Kinkaku, were caught within the range of her Coup De Grace.

Only Felix, the Bull Demon King, Princess Iron Fan, Da Peng, Six-Eared Macaque, and the Dark Wraith were saved because Ahriman had used his own Divinity to shield them from Ella's attack.

"Not bad for a half-baked Goddess, right?" Ella sneered before her body started to disperse like ashes in the wind. "Wash your neck. William will come for it soon. I will laugh at your demise from the heavens."

Ella's parting words echoed through the heavens, making those who heard it feel their hearts tremble.

A prophecy that the Goddess of Tenderness believed would come to pass, regardless of how long it would take.