Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1078 You Are Never Alone

Before she disappeared completely, Ella encased her allies in a protective dome of ice that contained the power of her Divinity.

She had done this to give William's forces ample time to regroup, as well as think about how they were going to get out of their predicament.

Although she had greatly reduced the threat that they would have to face, they were still not out of danger just yet.

Lilith held unto William's body as tears streamed down the side of her face. Chloee was also beside him, and looking at him with a worried expression on her face.

"His heart is no longer beating," Celeste said as she crouched down to examine William's body. "I'm afraid that he's…"

"He's still alive," Elliot said with a sad expression on his face. "Barely alive. Ashe transferred what little bit of life force remained in her to him just before she died. Ella… Ella also transferred her remaining lifespan and Divinity to him, to ensure that he would live for one more day."

"Only a day?" Chloee asked. "What good will a day do?"

Elliot shook his head. "Not much, but it's better than nothing."

Chronos and the others had solemn expressions on their faces as they looked at their Master whose pale expression looked paler than when he equipped his Vampire Progenitor class. Ella had tasked them to protect him at all cost, and that was what they were planning to do.

"Don't worry, I have a teleport scroll in my possession. It can teleport a hundred people back to Hestia Academy…"

Celeste wasn't able to finish her words because she had completely forgotten that William's forces numbered in the thousands. She bit her lip and didn't utter another word as she looked at the pale-faced Half-Elf who was still unconscious.

"It's fine," Elliot said. "I will take everyone back to the Thousand Beast Domain."

He then turned to look at his twin Conan and patted his shoulder.

"I'll leave the rest to you," Elliot said in a serious manner.

"Understood," Conan replied as he lowered his head. "I'll do my best'"

Elliott nodded "I know you will."

Elliot then pressed his forehead on William's own and uttered a single word.

"Synchronize."

—----

"Where?"

William muttered as he gazed at his surroundings. He felt so light, as if he was floating. He felt sluggish and drowsy, and all he wanted was to close his eyes and return to sleep.

However, just before he did that, a small glowing ball of light suddenly appeared in front of him.

"So, this is where you are," Elliot said in a teasing tone. "You look beat up, champ."

"... Elliot?" William asked as he looked at the Angelic Familiar in front of him with eyes half open.

The feeling of drowsiness was too strong, that he felt himself being held in a soothing embrace. All he needed to do was close his eyes, and allow the comfortable feeling to wash over his body.

"Oi! Don't sleep!" Elliot shouted as he slapped William's cheeks repeatedly.

"That hurts."

"Good. it means that you're still alive."

The Angelic Familiar sighed as he pressed his hand over his forehead.

"Listen, Will. I don't have much time left," Elliot said. "There are many things that I want to say, but it is better that I just show it to you instead."

Elliot waved his hand and a projection appeared in front of William, who was doing his best to keep his eyes open.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

He saw how Felix managed to pierce his chest with the Spear of Lazarus, but he remained unmoved by it. Only when he saw how his wives died while trying to reach out to him did the drowsiness disappear from his body.

A rage that he had never felt before started to overcome him. However, the scenes didn't end there. He shouted in anger when he saw that the souls of his wives fly towards Ahriman.

He had seen how the Demonic God absorbed the souls of those that had died on the battlefield. The scene of the souls of his wives about to be absorbed by the hateful God made the Half-Elf cry out loud.

Then, the image of Celine forcefully saving their souls followed. William felt his heart tightening when he saw how his Master had activated her Divinity and went all out to kill Felix using the power of Wrath.

Unfortunately, Felix didn't die. Ahriman saved the bastard and tortured Celine using the flames of darkness. The Half-Elf felt helpless when he saw her fate, as well as the fate of the souls of his wives who once again flew in Ahriman's direction.

"I'll kill you," William clenched his fist as he looked at the Demonic God with hatred. "I swear I will kill you!"

However, just as before the souls were about to be eaten, they flew towards the sky. William's gaze locked on the cloaked figure in the sky because he had recognized him.

"The God of Death," William said in a chilling tone that made Elliot flinch.

He then saw how the cloaked figure kidnapped Celine while Ahriman could only watch helplessly from where he sat. However, just before the God of Death entered the portal behind his back, he gazed in his direction.

For a brief moment, their gazes met, and somehow, William could feel the God's arrogance as if taunting him for his weakness.

William thought that everything was over, but when he saw Ella's death. Something inside of him broke.

He stared at the image in a daze as tears streamed down the side of his face. Elliot sighed as he patted William's head.

"Will, not everything is over yet," Elliot said. "The people who care for you are still in danger. Conan, Chloee, Kasogonaga, Erchitu, Psoglav, Chronos, Aslan, and the rest. They are still outside and are just a few minutes away from dying."

William bit his lip as he forced himself to stand. Earlier, he felt as if he was floating. Now, he felt as if he was carrying an entire mountain on his back.

"Just tell me what I have to do, Elliot," William said as he gazed at his Angelic Familiar.

Elliot gave him a sad smile as he pressed his hand over his forehead. "Do your best to Live. As long as you are alive. There is hope."

Elliot's body turned golden and slowly turned into particles of light. He had expanded most of his power to look for William within the boundaries of life and death. This was the only way he knew of to be able to bring him back to the land of the living.

"Will, I will not lie to you. Dark and difficult times are up ahead," Elliot declared. "Perhaps, the only way for you to reunite with those important to you is to find Hope."

William's gaze blurred as he stared at the Angelic Familiar that was slowly disappearing in front of him. Elliot was part of his soul, so he understood what he was trying to do. In exchange for his life, his familiar was burning his own soul to bring William back to the lands of the living.

"Well, you might experience extreme pain when you wake up," Elliot chuckled. "After all, losing a quarter of your soul will definitely result in a backlash. Still, pain is a good thing. It reminds you that you are still alive."

William gritted his teeth as he burned Elliot's smile on his very soul. He knew that his angelic familiar was trying to comfort him, even in his last moments, which made it harder for him to accept what was happening.

"Remember, okay? Make sure to find Hope," Elliot said. "Perhaps, she is the only one who can turn this entire situation around."

"Hope? Hoping does nothing!" William angrily shouted. "Where was Hope when I needed it the most?! It doesn't exist, Elliot. Hope doesn't exist!"

Elliot wagged his finger as if he was trying to tell William that he was wrong. He was like a wise old man that held the knowledge of the entire world in the palm of his hands.

"I'm not talking about the word Hope," Elliot replied. "I'm talking about The Hope. The Eighth, and last member of the Virtues. Find her, Will… Wait, knowing her, she will find you first. Well, I guess it will probably work out… maybe."

Elliot chuckled as he scratched his head. When only half of his body remained, Elliot once again looked at William with a serious expression on his face.

"Goodbye, Will," Elliot said. "Make sure to take care of Chloee. She dumped me to be with you. Also, if you don't do anything, she might die today as well."

Wiliam stared at his familiar that was slowly disappearing in front of him. "Elliot, is there really no other way?"

Elliot smirked before his entire body turned into particles of light and flew towards the sky of the pitch-black world. Till the very end, a peaceful smile was on his face as if he knew what was going to happen in the future.

"Will, remember this. You are never alone."

Suddenly, a small spark appeared in the heavens and banished the darkness. A clear blue sky appeared above William's head, which was reflected by the clear blue sea under his feet. The Half-Elf found himself in a familiar place. A place where he had many fond memories of his wives, when they were helping him recover the power and stability of his spiritual world.

His Sea of Consciousness, that had died, was once again rejuvenated by Elliot's sacrifice. Ripples appeared in the clear waters under William's feet as his tears fell freely like raindrops.

Part of his soul had died in order to bring him back to life. He knew that from this day onwards, he would never see his Angelic Familiar ever again.