Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1080 Just Try Dying Once

Sun Wukong trailed behind the group and acted as a rearguard.

His mere presence was enough to deter Ahrimans' remaining forces, who could potentially eliminate William's group if they all worked together.

Baba Yaga was flying beside him. She was grieving what happened to Celine, and wanted to avenge her. However, she understood that even if she was strong, she couldn't possibly face the other beings—whose strength was similar to the golden Monkey King beside her.

The Old Witch was the second strongest in William's group. Sun Wukong had already told her that he wouldn't be able to stay for a long time, so he entrusted William's safety to her.

Halfway along their journey, a sigh escaped Sun Wukong's lips as he looked at William with regret.

"I'm sorry, this is as far as I can go," Sun Wukong said before stopping mid-air. "They're all yours, Baba Yaga."

The old witch nodded her head and hastened towards William's group. The Monkey King stood straight as a sword as he held Ruyi Jingu Bang firmly in his hands.

He only had a minute left before he disappeared completely, and he planned to use that remaining time for One Last Hurrah in an attempt to seriously injure or kill any of their pursuers.

Bull Demon King frowned when he saw Sun Wukong suddenly stop escaping and felt that something was wrong. He hurriedly grabbed hold of his wife's, Princess Iron Fan, body and flew backwards, retreating as far away as he could from the Golden Monkey who was giving him the feeling of impending death.

The Six-Eared Macaque was a cowardly being. The moment he saw the Bull Demon King backing away, he immediately followed suit.

A moment later, Sun Wukong's arrogant voice filled with killing intent resonated across the heavens.

"Annihilate all those who stand before me," Sun Wukong's fiery eyes blazed fiercely as his muscles bulged. "Slay the heavens!"

"Ruyi Jingu Bang!"

The giant golden cudgel in his hand blazed brightly like a burning sun, momentarily blinding his pursuers.

Da Peng and the Dark Wraith already had an idea of what Sun Wukong was planning, so they had already prepared their strongest defensive abilities to block his attack. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Da Peng covered his entire body with his wings, as he hovered mid-air like a giant golden ball. The Dark Wraith on the other hand, enclosed itself into a shield of darkness, preparing to resist Sun Wukong's attack.

The sky was split apart as Sun Wukong unleashed his strongest attack, catching Da Peng and the Dark Wraith by surprise.

The giant golden cudgel smashed both of them into the ground, destroying the geography completely, and creating a powerful earthquake, which was strong enough to make Ahriman's giant throne shake.

"Crazy Monkey!" Princess Iron Fan gasped as she looked at the destruction that Sun Wukong had unleashed. Almost half of Ahrimans' Domain was destroyed in that single attack, which proved that the Monkey King wasn't someone to be taken lightly.

She was quite thankful that her husband had noticed Sun Wukong's peculiarity and retreated as fast as he could.

The Six-Eared Macaque was also thanking his lucky stars for being able to escape such a terrifying onslaught. Although he was strong, he didn't have the confidence that he could take Sun Wukong's final attack head-on.

"Just you wait. I'll pay all of you back once you return to the Celestial Realm."

Wukong's threat reached their ears before his entire body dissipated.

The Bull Demon King flew towards Da Peng and the Dark Wraith to see if they were still alive or not. All of them were Pseudo-Gods, so, although they weren't Gods, their strength had surpassed the Demigod Rank.

Sun Wukong's weapon was one of the extremely few weapons that could harm Gods. Although the Bull Demon King felt that the Monkey King's wasn't able to use his full strength on that final blow due to his current circumstance, it was nevertheless a very deadly blow that could potentially deal serious injuries to beings of their rank.

Da Peng's golden wings had been completely crushed, and his body was bleeding all over. Although his life wasn't in any danger, he would take at least a month or two for him to make a full recovery.

The Dark Wraith didn't fair any better. Its entire being was flickering as if it could fade at any moment. As an Undead, it was weak against flames, especially flames that held the power of Divinities.

It was at that moment when a dark beam of light landed on its body, helping it recover at a very fast rate.

"Don't let any of them escape. Bring them back to me. Dead or alive."

Ahriman's bone-chilling order reached their ears, which made them remember the task he had set out for them.

The Bull Demon King, Princess Iron Fan, the Six-Eared Macaque, as well as the newly recovered Dark Wraith once again pursued their targets, leaving Da Peng behind.

At that exact moment, William's entourage had just passed through the red portal, leaving Ahriman's personal Domain behind.

"Where is the exit?" Celeste asked, as she scanned her surroundings.

Baba Yaga frowned as she channeled her senses to look for a possible exit within the Domain. Suddenly, she felt a very subtle fluctuation towards the South, which she determined to be the exit of the Ancient Ruins.

"To the South!" Baba Yaga stated. "Follow me!"

Everyone flew alongside Baba Yaga as they sped up in the direction she had pointed. They had just flown for a minute when they felt several strong presences behind them.

Baba Yaga turned her head to look at their pursuers and clicked her tongue. Even if her strength was at the Peak of the Demigod Rank, her opponents were Pseudo-Gods. It was impossible for her to defeat one of them, let alone four.

"Just keep on flying!" Conan shouted as he urged everyone. "Don't worry. We will be able to make it!"

It was at this moment when Kasogonaga, Erchitu, Psoglav, and Jareth exchanged glances at each other.

"Keep going!" Kasogonaga shouted. "We'll buy you some time!"

"Fools!" Baba Yaga rebuked the rainbow-colored Anteater who was riding on top of the Blood Eagle's back. "You can't block them even for a second!"

"It's fine, Granny," Psoglav's voice, filled with determination, reached Baba Yaga's ears. "We don't plan on dying."

Without another word, Kasogonaga, alongside his friends, flew towards the approaching Pseudo-Gods, fearlessly.

"Are you sure that we won't die?" Psoglav's determined expression suddenly collapsed as soon as he saw the Bull Demon King, as well as his cohorts in the horizon. "We won't die, right?"

"Don't worry," Kasogonaga replied. "Even if you die, William can bring you back as an Undead as long as I bring you back with me."

"*$&#*&$*#$&!" Psoglav cursed out loud as he tried to maneuver his flying cloud to turn around and regroup with William's group. "F*ck this I'm out!"

However, before he could even get away, Erchitu's hand grabbed his body and held him firmly in his grip.

"It's fine," Erchitu said as he gazed at his friend with his burning blue eyes that marked him as a revenant. "Just try dying once."

"F*ck you!" Psoglav shouted. "Our friendship ends here!"

Jareth glanced at his comrades with a complicated look on his face.

'I shouldn't have joined these three crazies on their suicide mission,' Jareth thought as he held the artifact that Elliot had given him earlier in his hands. 'Elliot, I hope you didn't f*ck us up.'