Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1081 I'll leave Will, In Your Very Capable Hands

"Are you sure they are going to be alright?" Charmaine asked in a worried tone as she looked behind her. "They are clearly no match for those guys."

Everyone in the Thousand Beast Domain had become her dear comrades, especially Kasogonaga and his group.

"They'll be fine," Conan replied. "Maybe."

William's face was still twisted in pain as he fought hard to contain the backlash of Elliot's death. Losing a quarter of his soul had almost paralyzed his body, and he was barely hanging on to his consciousness.

"We're almost there. Just hang on for a little while longer," Baba Yaga said. "Do you see those two statues over there? We just need to pass through between them and we are out of this place."

"And… you think that… I will allow you… to do as… you please?" 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

The Dark Wraith materialized in front of them and swung its Deathscythe towards the Black Qilin that was carrying William.

A metallic sound rang in the surroundings as the Dark Wraith's Deathscythe clashed with the Deathscythe of a black-haired teenager, whose crimson eyes glowed faintly.

"We don't need your permission to cross over," Conan replied firmly. "I will deal with you personally."

"Delusional… insect.," the Dark Wraith said with contempt.

A fearless smile appeared on Conan's face as his hair stood up, revealing golden stripes in it that crackled with lightning.

"Rulebreaker Full-Attack Mode On," Conan stated.

Particles of golden light started to radiate from his body, making the weapon in his hand turn crimson.

"N-No!" Claire shouted from within Celeste's sea of consciousness. "He activated his full powers! He is going to die at this rate!"

Before anyone could react, a burning fist smashed into the Dark Wraith's cheek, sending it tumbling hundreds of meters away.

A beautiful blonde fairy who seemed to be in her late teens hovered beside Conan. Her body was also radiating golden particles of light, proving that she had also used a hundred percent of her power.

"Chloee… why?" Celeste asked as she looked at her familiar with a shocked expression on her face. "Why?"

Chloee gave Celeste a side-long glance before shifting her gaze back at her opponent. "It's because I'm too weak. Go. Conan and I will handle this bastard."

"Sixth Master…" William said with a pained expression. "You shouldn't have."

"Just go." Chloee replied without even looking at him. "Don't let our sacrifice be in vain."

Lilith glanced at Celeste then back at William. In the end, it was Celeste who flew away first with tears in her eyes. She knew that Chloee had already resolved herself in fighting to the death with their enemies in order to keep them safe.

The Amazon Princess gritted her teeth as he urged Raiden to fly towards the two statues in the distance.

"You're not… getting away!" the Dark Wraith shouted as it phased out from its location in order to teleport towards William's location.

"You're the one that is not getting away," Chloee sneered as she kicked the space in front of her.

Immediately, a pained scream was heard as the Dark Wraith was blown away by the force of her kick.

"H-How?" the Dark Wraith wondered as it looked at Chloee in disbelief.

It had clearly entered the Ethereal Realm, which allowed it to pass through anything. It simply couldn't understand how the beautiful fairy's attack managed to pierce it from a different dimension.

"Rulebreaker Burst Mode Activated," Chloee stated. "All the laws of this world will shatter under my fists!"

"... You kicked me!" the Dark Wraith complained.

"Yes." Chloee nodded. "And there's more where that came from!"

As if waiting for that cue, Chloee and Conan simultaneously attacked the Dark Wraith giving it no room for a counterattack.

Both Familiars were burning their life force, which allowed them to reach the peak of the Demigod Rank. Although their opponent was a Pseudo-God, both of them had activated their Rule Breaker skills.

This allowed them to bend reality to their will, preventing the DarkWraith from having its way.

Three trails of light, zigzagged across the sky as they fought with everything they had.

Conan and Chloee were determined to bring the Dark Wraith to the afterlife with them, while the latter was doing its best to endure their repeated blows at high speeds.

"Insignificant… insects!" the Dark Wraith roared.

"Fool, we are not insects," Conan replied as he slashed at the Dark Wraith's arm, cutting it off completely.

"We are Familiars!" Chloee's shouted as she smashed her fist into the Dark Wraith's face, making all of its teeth shatter.

Conan's Deathscythe burned brightly as he prepared to unleash his ultimate attack. "Slice reality, Ataraxia!"

The Devil Familiar slashed at the Dark Wraith's body with all of his might. A moment later, its entire body was engulfed in crimson flames that made the Pseudo-God cry out in pain.

Chloee then smashed her fists together, coating them in brilliant golden flames. Fists of Eternal Damnation!" Chloee unleashed a flurry of punches that smashed every part of the Dark Wraith's body, making its existence crumble.

"Save… me! My Lord… Save me!" the Dark Wraith's hoarse pleading echoed within the ancient ruins.

However, instead of being saved, only words of disappointment answered his desperate calls for help.

"Useless thing!" Ahriman's voice thundered in the heavens.

A dark beam of light shot through the red portal at a very fast rate, headed for the Dark Wraith's location.

Seeing that Ahriman still chose to save it, the Dark Wraith was relieved. However, when he noticed the sneer on Conan's face, it felt that something was out of place.

Conan used his Deathscythe to block the black beam of light. To Ahriman's and the Dark Wraith's surprise, the beam was absorbed by the Deathscythe in Conan's hands, preventing it from reaching its intended target.

"Die!" Conan swiped his Deathscythe at the Dark Wraith that was on its last legs, dispersing its existence from the world.

Immediately, a hateful roar thundered in the heaven's as Ahriman's fury made the ancient ruins tremble. "You Dare!"

Conan faced the direction of the red portal and raised his middle finger. "I dare, B*tch. What can you do about it?"

The sky rumbled as a booming thunderclap resonated within the heavens. Conan only chuckled after seeing this scene. He knew that Ahriman's power was sealed, so he couldn't do much but vent his frustration somewhere else.

"You really are something," Chloee said as she looked at Conan's face.

Crack marks had already started to spread on his body, but the handsome devil only gave her a refreshing smile.

"I guess, I'll be accompanying Elliot soon," Conan replied. "Although he doesn't show it, he gets lonely quite easily."

"Sounds fun. I guess I'll be coming with you as well," Chloee smiled as cracks also started to appear on her hands before they traveled all the way to her main body.

"Um, about that, can you wait a few more days?" Conan asked as he approached Chloee. "William will suffer one hell of a backlash after losing Elliot and I. I don't think he will be able to take care of himself. You should do it in our place."

"Hah? What are you talking about?" Chloee asked as the cracks started to spread across her face.

Conan smirked as he rested his Deathscythe across Chloee's shoulders. "Destiny Bind."

Conan's Deathsctyhe turned into particles of light and merged with Chloee's body. The cracks on her face started to disappear at a rapid rate.

"Y-You…" Chloee looked at Conan with a complicated expression on her face.

"At most, you will be able to live for four more days," Conan said as the cracks covered his entire body. "Use that time to the fullest. Do not regret anything. I'll leave Will, in your very capable hands."

Conan closed his eyes as his body slowly dispersed like ashes blown by the wind.

"I kept my promise, Aila," Conan said softly. "The rest is up to you."

Chloee's vision blurred as she tried to grasp the ashes that were slipping through her fingertips.

Her pained sobs were drowned out by the thunderous roars in the sky. But, even then, the beautiful fairy's sadness made her feel numb to everything. She didn't care about Ahrimans' furious roars, nor did she care about his disappointment.

There were only four familiars that had been born in the world of Hestia. Now, there were only two of them left. Soon, only one of the four will remain.

In the beginning, she, Claire, and Celeste, dreamed of spreading the Familiamancer Profession to the world. Although it was fleeting, the happiness they felt, knowing that they were no longer alone, made even the most stubborn fairy look forward to a brighter tomorrow.

However, right now, that tomorrow was so far out of her reach.

"Thank you, Conan," Chloee said as she wiped away the tears from her eyes. "These four days that you gave me, I will not use them in vain."

Chloee flew towards the two statues in the distance with a heart that ached painfully. Now that William had lost half of his soul, she knew that he would suffer terribly.

If her life would lessen the pain he was feeling, Chloee would not hesitate to give her soul to him. If that was the only way that the two of them could be together, she would gladly offer her existence to the person that made her little heart understand how it felt to fall in love with someone.

Even if that someone was a person that couldn't love her back.