Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1083 I Am The Protector Of The Human Race! I Will Not Let Any Of You Pass!

"You! What did you do to us?!" the Bull Demon King shouted in anger. "Answer me you… weird looking Anteater!"

"Weird looking?!" Kasogonaga stomped its little foot angrily on the Blood Eagle's back as he looked down on the Bull Demon King and his comrades, who were locked in place by a powerful seal.

"Side characters like you have no right to call me weird looking!" Kasogonaga raised its chin arrogantly as its adorable voice resonated in the surroundings. "If all my fans spit on you at the same time, you'll be drowning in a sea of spit. I spit on you, weird looking bull!"

Psoglav chuckled as he watched this scene from the side. He was holding a pearl-like artifact in his hand that kept the Pseudo-Gods in a transparent diamond cage that prevented them from attacking any of them.

Erchitu and Jareth were holding similar artifacts, and they were outstanded by its capabilities to seal their pursuers.

Originally, they thought that this was a suicide mission planned by Kasogonaga. Although they didn't mind dying to help William escape, they believed that at most, they would only be able to stop their pursuers' advance for only a few seconds.

"Let us out of here, you weird looking Anteater!" Princess Iron Fan shouted as she tried to break the cage by mashing her fan against it. However, just like their earlier attempts, nothing happened.

The Pseudo-Gods thought that the barrier would easily shatter if all of them attacked together. To their surprise, no matter how much they attacked it, not even a scratch could be seen on its surface.

"Hah! Is that all you can do, you ugly b*tch?" Psoglav sneered. "You thought that you could overpower us because your rank is higher than ours? Well, surprise you ugly duckling. You f*ckers ain't going anywhere."

"Shut up you demonic mutt!" Princess Iron Fan lashed out in anger. "The moment I break free from this thing, I will skin you alive and make you regret that you were ever born!"

"Do it ugly. I dare you."

"Khh! You insignificant Demon. I'll tear you piece by piece later!"

Psoglav felt so smug at the moment because he never thought that he could curse Pseudo-Gods without fearing their counterattack. He then continued to irritate Princess Iron Fan with his contemptuous words, which made the beautiful Demon's face turn beet-red from anger.

Kasogonaga also had a triumphant look on its face before glancing at its friends. "You guys go back. I can take it from here."

"Huh?" Psoglav blinked his eyes as he looked at the arrogant looking Anteater who had the "Leave them to me" expression on its adorable face.

"Go back?" Erchitu asked. "Why should we go back?"

"Because you have already played your roles," Kasogonaga replied. "The moment the barrier was formed, there was no longer any need for the three of you to stay. I am more than enough to hold them all here."

Psoglav scoffed as he flew towards Kasogonaga. He was still mounted on the flying cloud that Sun Wukong had left them earlier, and he was quite surprised that they had stayed even though their Master had gone back to the Heavens.

"Oi, what kind of joke are you playing here?" Psoglav asked in irritation. "Are you trying to play the hero?"

"You can stay if you want to," Kasogonaga shrugged. "However, they will be free in ten minutes. You've irritated that lady from the very start. I'm sure that she will be more than happy to skin you alive once the barrier breaks."

"O-Oi! You're joking right?"

"Do I look like I'm joking to you?"

"F*ck!"

Psoglav wasn't able to stop himself from cursing out loud as he glanced at the Demoness who was surprised at the revelation that they would be free in a few minutes.

"Hahaha! Did you hear that you d*mn mutt?!" Princess Iron Fan shouted. "Just sit there and wash your neck. I will torture your soul for eternity!"

Psoglav gulped subconsciously as his single eye trembled due to Princess Iron Fan's threat.

"Okay, goodluck," Psoglav patted Kasogonaga's head before flying away in haste. "I'm out of this place!"

Erchitu and Jareth looked at Kasogonaga with a serious expression on their faces, but the rainbow-colored Anteater only nodded its head, telling them to leave everything to him.

"Don't worry. I have survived the Era of Gods," Kasogonaga said with confidence. "I can survive a few Pseudo-Gods easy peasy."

"Understood," Erchitu nodded. "Be careful. Let's reunite later in the Thousand Beast Domain."

"Got it," Kasogonaga nodded. "You too, Jareth. Make sure to keep a close eye on Psoglav. That fool can get carried away at times."

"I'll do my best," Jareth replied before flying away. "We'll wait for you."

"Mmm." Kasogonaga hummed as its gaze locked in on the Pseudo Gods that were currently eyeing him with contempt.

Erchitu was the last one to leave. Although he was reluctant, he felt that Kasogonaga had already made up his mind to face their opponents alone.

Scadrez, the Blood Eagle, also uttered a soft cry before leaving the Anteater on the ground.

"Don't worry," Kasogonaga patted the Blood Eagle's head after jumping off its back. "We will meet sooner than you think."

Scadrez nudged its head against the Anteater's face for a few seconds before taking off towards the sky. Although it didn't want to leave Kasogonaga behind, the rainbow-colored Anteater was adamant that he could handle things on his own.

The Pseudo-Gods watch them leave with renewed confidence on their faces. Now that they knew that they would be freed after a few more minutes, they prepared themselves to take vengeance on the insects that dared to block their way. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"Hahaha! Where did that smugness from earlier go?" Princess Iron Fan asked in ridicule as she looked down at the rainbow-colored Anteater who was currently snacking on a few gummy bears. "Are you ready to die, weird-looking anteater?"

Kasogonaga ignored Princess Iron Fan's words, as he continued to savor the gummy bears that William had given him long ago.

"I never thought I'd be fighting for the sake of a Half-Elf," Kasogonaga muttered as it glanced in the direction where his friends had gone. "It has been many years since I was freed from that block of ice, and, at first, the only thing I felt for you was resentment.

"Now, I can't think of a day passing without having fun with Psoglav, Erchitu, and my other friends in the Thousand Beast Domain. Fun times. Truly fun times. Will, I enjoyed the several artbooks that you gave me."

The sound of something cracking could be heard coming from behind him, but Kasogonaga didn't even turn his head to look at where the sound was coming from. It continued to look towards the South where it could feel William's existence.

"I believe that you called the story in that picture book a fairy tale, right?" Kasogonaga continued to mutter as he gazed in the distance. "It's quite unfortunate, but I wasn't able to finish the last story, Little Mermaid. I wonder, did that story have a happy ending or not?"

The sound of several crystal cups shattering at the same time reverberated behind the Anteater, making the latter smile sadly. It ate the last gummy bear in its paws and chewed it properly.

'I'll ask William to give me more when I see him again,' Kasogonaga thought as it enjoyed the unusual flavor inside its mouth.

Kasogonaga then turned around to face the angry Pseudo-Gods who wanted to skin him alive with a calm expression on its face.

"Pseudo-Gods who came to a world that is not your own, remember this and remember it well," Kasogonaga raised its head and faced them fearlessly. "I am the Deity of the Sky! I am the protector of the Human Race! I will not let any of you pass!"

Kasogonaga jumped towards the sky as it curled up its body transforming into a ten-foot tall spiked wrecking ball. Although it understood what fate awaited it, it didn't back down for the sake of those that were important to it.

The Deity of the Sky, Kasogonaga, charged fearlessly at the beings that invaded not only its world, but the happiness that it had experienced over the years. For them, the rainbow-colored Anteater was willing to do anything.

"I'M ROLLING!"