Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1085 It Looks Like Your Fate Has Been Sealed

High above the Kyrintor Mountains, a sigh escaped Takam's lips. He had been closely observing the battle that was happening in the Northern part of the Demon Realm, through the power of his artifact.

"Sometimes I wonder," Takam muttered. "The events of the world are often guided by those who wish for destruction. And yet, they unknowingly create someone who will destroy them in turn. I guess, this is part of the never ending cycle of destruction and rebirth."F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Takam gazed at the unconscious William and sadly shook his head.

"Ahriman, I don't know if I should thank you or hate you," Takam said as he stood up from his throne. He then disappeared from it and reappeared at the very top of his castle, high up in the frigid region of the Kyrintor Mountains.

"Ella, is there really no other choice?"

The first Demigod that William had met didn't know the answer to this question. However, one thing was clear.

"The Era of Darkness has begun," Takam stated. "Woe to those who choose to stand on the wrong side in this struggle."

The only thing that Takam was thankful for was that the Southern Continent was far from the struggles of the Demon and Central Continent. Even so, he still decided to pick a side. That was the only way to ensure that the chaos would not spread to his home turf, and in turn would keep any unforeseen events from happening.

—--

Somewhere in the Central Continent…

"Supreme Pontifex, the crystal!"

One of the elders of Deus pointed at the golden crystal that was floating in the middle of their conference room. Its radiance was slowly being consumed by darkness, and this was the sign that they had been waiting for, ever since their Organization was founded.

The Supreme Pontifex watched this with a calm expression on her face. She was wearing a mask, so no one knew what she really looked like.

All they knew was that she was the one that had built Deus from the ground up, and made it an Organization that could meddle with the affairs of the entire world.

"Look! There is an image over there!" another elder gasped as he pointed at the golden crystal.

A green-haired Demon wearing a golden crown on his head was shown in the projection that the crystal had made.

"Is that the rumored Prince?" one of the elders asked. "If so then we must immediately profess our loyalty to him."

"That's right! He must be the one!"

"So, he has appeared in the Demon Continent. We should immediately send word to our counterparts over there in order to seek an audience with him."

"We should strike while the iron is hot! Now is the time to make ourselves known to the world."

"Silence!"

All it took was a single word from the Supreme Pontifex to stop the discussion of everyone in the room. All of the elders, as well as the other high-ranking members of The Organization looked at her with reverence.

"Inform our men from the Demon Continent of this matter," the Supreme Pontifex ordered. "However, prevent them from making contact with that green-haired Demon."

"With all due respect, Your Excellency, but I believe that we shouldn't wait," one of the highest ranking Elders said. "The earlier we form a connection with the Prophesied Prince, the sooner we will be able to rule the world alongside him. Isn't this why our Organization exists in the first place?"

The Supreme Pontifex nodded at first, only to shake her head after a few seconds.

"While it is true that our purpose is to lead our Prince for dominion, that doesn't necessarily mean that we have to beg on our knees and ask him to take us under his wing," the Supreme Pontifex replied. "First, we will wait. We first need to confirm whether this… Prince aligns with our goal. If not then we can just negotiate at a later time."

"But, Your Excellency!" the Elder tried to persuade her, but before he could even continue what he wanted to say, the Supreme Pontifex raised her hand to silence him.

"Calm down. Do you think that he alone will be enough to bring down the entire world?" the Supreme Pontifex asked in a chilling tone. "The heroes of this world aren't that weak. If he wants to overcome such a hurdle, it will be necessary for him to work with us."

After hearing her explanation, the Elders of Deus nodded in agreement. They had completely forgotten that they shouldn't underestimate the heroes of the world, because there would always be someone who would raise up arms to fight when they were oppressed.

"Also, I have a feeling that there is another surprise waiting for us," the Supreme Pontifex said softly. "For now, inform our agents in the Demonic Continent to observe, but to not interfere. It won't be too late to seek an audience with this so-called Prince, once we understand what he plans to do with his newfound power."

""As you command!""

—--

Joash looked at the battle from afar with his arms crossed over his chest.

After getting confirmation that William had gone inside the Ancient Ruins, the Black Dragon secretly left his fortress and traveled towards the North. Along the way, Zeph had told him about the latest developments, and none of them sounded good to him.

Even so, he still wanted to see with his own eyes how the new era of the world would start.

Joash didn't even glance in Luciel's direction even once. He knew that if he did that, he would be unable to control his killing intent, and the Demon Lord would know about his whereabouts.

Right now, he appeared as an observer. He would decide his next course of action once he determined the strength of the opposing forces.

The Black Dragon had made plans over many years for the sake of revenge. Although he was very tempted to attack the Demon Lord right now, he understood that now was not the time to do that. Also, Luciel had El Sibon, and Mapinguari guarding him.

"It is more dire than I thought," Joash muttered when he saw the appearance of the Bull Demon King, Princess Iron Fan, as well as the Six-Eared Macaque. They were beings that far surpassed his current strength.

But, Joash wasn't afraid of them. What he was afraid of was missing the perfect chance to make his move, and ensure that the goal he had set out to accomplish would succeed.

'I guess you get to live for another day, Luciel,' Joash thought as he glanced at the battlefield in front of him.

His gaze once again landed on the unconscious Half-Elf who was coveted by Ahriman, as well as the Demon Lord.

'I wonder, who will be able to get him first?' Joash mused.

The Black Dragon didn't care for William's well-being because they had never been allies. The two of them were merely acquaintances, who happened to have a few things in common.

One of them was of course to make things difficult for the reigning Demon Lord, as well as to deal as much damage to their forces as possible.

Joash had no reason to interfere in the battle, or save William.

"Tough luck, kid," Joash said with a trace of pity as soon as he saw the Bull Demon King make its move to provoke William's companions. Which led a few of them to rush forward in the direction of the Demon Lord's Army. "It looks like your fate has been sealed."