Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1086 I Only Stand With The Winning Side

Psoglav's growl made its single eye turn bloodshot as he stared at his dead friend in the hands of the Bull Demon King.

Kasogonaga could be considered his very first friend, and seeing him in that state almost drove the Demonic Dog crazy.

"What? You want this?" the Bull Demon King asked in a teasing tone. "Fine. Since you are a dog, let's play catch."

The Bull Demon King wound up his arm as he threw Kasogonaga towards the Demon Lord's Army.

"Go catch your dead friend, little doggy," the Bull Demon King sneered. "This is what you get for angering my wife."

Princess Iron Fan smiled as she looked at her husband lovingly.

"Darling, I'll personally skin that dog alive later, okay?" Princess Iron Fan said. "Don't get in my way."

"Of course. He is all yours later."

"Mmm."

Just like the Bull Demon King, and Princess Iron Fan expected, Psoglav charged towards the Demon Army with the intention of acquiring Kasogonaga's body.

Luciel looked at this scene with a sneer on his face. He then raised his hand to order his Army to attack the Demonic Dog without batting an eye. The Demon Lord had already determined that Psoglav was on William's side.

Since that was the case, it was only natural to not give the Demonic Dog a single shred of mercy!

Several spells locked onto Psoglav's body, but he didn't care. His single eye was locked onto his friend's body, as it fell from the sky.

When the first batch of spells arrived in front of him, a mighty shield appeared to block the attacks.

Jareth, the Goblin Paladin, was pushed back as the first wave of attacks was negated.

The second wave was blocked by Erchitu, using his Adamantium Axe and body. The Revenant Bull's left arm was torn off due to the barrage of spells, but it endured in order to allow Psoglav the opportunity to achieve his goal.

Luciel was a sneaky bastard. He didn't only give the order to attack Psoglav, he also ordered his Army to attack the dead creature that the Bull Demon King had thrown.

The two of them were currently not allies, so the Demon Lord thought that the Bull Demon King had cast some kind of spell on the anteater's body that might cause harm to his Army, the moment it landed near their location.

To be on the safe side, he decided to destroy it once and for all, to stop any underhanded schemes that might have been thrown in their way.

A shriek pierced the heavens as Scadrez, the Blood Eagle, grabbed hold of Kasogonaga's body, and deftly dodged the spells that were headed in its direction. However, the concentration of the spells was thick enough that the Blood Eagle suffered from the attacks.

After one last desperate cry, Scadrez hurled Kasogonaga's body towards Psoglav, before it was blown from the sky.

Fortunately, it didn't become unconscious when it fell from the sky. Although it was difficult, the Blood Eagle managed to flap its mighty wings just in time to prevent it from crashing on the ground. It then flew towards Psoglav's group as they retreated from the barrage of spells that were being hurled in their direction.

Princess Iron Fan's loud laughter, that was filled with ridicule, reverberated across the skies. The Demonic Dog had taunted her too much, so seeing him suffer made her very happy.

"Keep running, Little Doggy!" Princess Iron Fan shouted after she finished laughing. "Come to me, so I can personally end your life!"

Princess Iron Fan waved the fan in her hand, and it sent several wind blades flying in Psoglav's direction.

With spells, and arrows coming from the Demon Army behind their back, and an attack of a Pseudo-God coming from their front, Psoglav's group could only grit their teeth as they tried to evade the attacks that were aimed at them.

"Such poor taste!" Baba Yaga conjured a black barrier to block Princess Iron Fan's attack.

Although she didn't want to become enemies with the Pseudo-God, she just couldn't stand idly by and watch her side's desperate attempt to keep the remaining shred of dignity that their dead friend had.

"Stand firm everyone!" Charmaine shouted as she, and the other Elves activated their Elven Magic to create a barrier to block the Demon Army's attack to the best of their abilities.

All of them had taken to the skies while riding their winged horses to ensure that they would be able to escort their companions back to safety.

Naturally, the Magic Shield didn't last long, and several of the Elves were injured during the exchange. Even Charmaine was hit in the chest by a ray-type spell, which forced her to be blown off of her mount.

Charmaine's winged horse neighed in anger as it hurriedly maneuvered in the air to save its rider. It was the Alpha of its herd, and William had personally entrusted Charmaine's safety to it. Although he didn't like how the Half-Elf managed to subdue it in the past, it had already forgiven the Half-Elf after spending time with the denizens of the Thousand Beast Domain.

Using its inherent magic, the Pegasus summoned a gust of wind that held the pretty Elf in place, which allowed it to bite her clothes to hold her in place as it flew in the direction of its unconscious Master, William.

"A life's last struggle is truly beautiful," the Six-Eared Macaque commented as he looked at the battered group that was working together in order to survive the onslaught from both sides.

"If you like it so much then why don't you join their side?" Princess Iron Fan sneered. "I have long wanted to slap you with my fan. This is a good opportunity to do so."

"No thanks," the Six-Eared Macaque waved its hand as it transformed to take on Sun Wukong's appearance. "I only stand with the winning side."

"Tsk!"

"Heh."VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

The Bull Demon King smirked when he saw that the Demonic Dog's group finally returned to their previous location. The reason he had thrown Kasogonaga away from its group and made Psoglav suffer was not because of the way he had taunted his wife earlier, it was because of the fact that killing them was too easy for him, and he wouldn't get any satisfaction from doing it.

So, in order to get some satisfaction out of their inevitable demise, he decided to make them suffer a bit, push them bit by bit until they fell into desperation. That way, everything they had suffered would be worth it when he dragged the unconscious Half-Elf, as well as the Dark Bride's twin sister, Celeste, back to Ahriman's domain.