Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1087 Let’s All Go Together

"Darling, can you deal with that annoying old hag over there?" Princess Iron Fan asked. "I can't wait any longer. I need to deal with that arrogant mutt once and for all."

"Very well," the Bull Demon King replied. "Six-Eared Macaque, you deal with those who are going to interfere with my wife's vengeance, okay? Just make sure to not hurt the Half-Elf or the Bride's twin."

The Six-Eared Macaque, who had taken on Sun Wukong's appearance, raised a thumb as he summoned a golden cudgel. This was the fake Ruyi Jingu Bang that he had asked a Master Smith from the Heavens to forge, just to spite Sun Wukong who had made its life difficult for hundreds of years.

Although it wasn't as powerful as Ruyi Jingu Bang, it was still a strong weapon that had the ability to increase its length depending on his will. Unfortunately, it didn't have the ability to increase its size like Ruyi Jingu Bang did, or else it might have made the Monkey King so mad that Sun Wukong would have hunted him down, even if he escaped to the Mortal Realm.

As if sensing that his final moments had come, Psoglav placed Kasogonaga beside William.

"Please, look after him for me," Psoglav said to Lilith with a serious expression on his face.

"I'll do my best," Lilith replied.

She had wanted to make a promise that she would keep Kasogonaga's body safe, but she was unable to do so because of the strength of their opponents. This was why she could only say that she would do her best.

Even so, for Psoglav, this was enough.

"Thank you." Psoglav nodded before shifting his attention to Princess Iron Fan who was showing him a very sweet smile that didn't reach her eyes.

"Have you said your prayers, Little Mutt? Princess Iron Fan asked.

"Yes," Psoglav answered. "I asked the Gods to give you a better looking face. The current one is so ugly that I can't even look at it without it making me want to puke."

The smile on Princess Iron Fan's face disappeared and was replaced with a cold expression filled with killing intent.

"Don't worry, I won't give you an easy death," Princess Iron Fan vowed. "Not untilI I've skinned you alive."

Psoglav didn't reply and summoned a black bastard sword in his hand. It was the same weapon he used when he fought William the first time. That incident had led to a series of circumstances that led to Psoglav becoming a part of the Half-Elf's King's Legion.

"Don't get in the way, witch," the Bull Demon King said as his gaze landed on Baba Yaga's body, forcing the wrinkled old hag to frown.

After a brief internal struggle, Baba Yaga sighed as she remained where she was. She didn't want to die because she still needed to find and save Celine from her captor.

"We will fight with you," Erchitu, who had lost its left arm, stood beside its friend while glaring at the demonic lady in front of it.

Jareth summoned its blade as it stood on Psoglav's other side. No words were spoken between them, but the Demonic Dog understood that they would fight with him till the bitter end.

'I guess this is not a bad way to go to the afterlife,' Psoglav thought as he gripped the weapon in his hands. 'As long as we are together, Hell would probably be a fun place to stay for the next hundred years or so.'

The Six-Eared Macaque scratched his cheeks as he walked casually towards Psoglav's group. However, a fan blocked his way, making him look at the Demonic Lady that had appeared in front of him.

"I changed my mind," Princess Iron Fan stated. "I'll deal with the three of them. It's more fun this way."

"Fine," the Six-Eared Macaque replied as he somersaulted towards the sky. He floated in the heavens as he gazed down at the ground with his arms crossed over his chest. "Although I'm one of the bad guys, this battle leaves a bad aftertaste in my mouth."

The Six-Eared Macaque was a cowardly being, and disliked fighting. He was just like Psoglav, who only fought as long as he was at an advantage. However, seeing the great disparity between each side, he lost interest in playing villain. He would rather watch how things unfolded, instead of needing to dirty his hands in this affair.

"Come at me with the intention to die," Princess Iron Fan said in a taunting manner. "I promise before this day is over, all three of you will be going to the afterlife."

"You talk too much," Psoglav sneered. "I don't know who the true dog is between us. Me or you, ugly little b*tch!"

Without another word, Psoglav, Erchitu, and Jareth, stomped the ground simultaneously as they charged towards the Demonic Lady whose face had contorted due to her anger.

As a Pseudo-God, Princess Iron Fan was confident that even if the three Millennial Beasts worked together, the three of them could do little to truly harm her.

Erchitu roared as it smashed its Adamantium Axe towards Princess Iron Fan's face with all of its strength. Although it knew that it was weaker than her, its desire to defeat her burned brightly in its chest.

Princess Iron Fan yawned before lightly tapping the edge of Erchitu's Axe to the side, forcing its trajectory to change. A loud explosion took place as Erchitu's attack created a fissure in the ground that extended for dozens of meters.

Princess Iron Fan teleported on Erchitu's back and whispered in his ear, "Nice try, but, you're just… too… weak!"

The Demonic Lady lightly tapped her iron fan on Erchitu's head, making him crash to the ground facefirst.

Princess Iron Fan giggled as she covered her lips with her fan, while standing on Erchitu's back.

Jareth appeared beside her and slashed his sword at her waist, with the intention of cutting her in half.

"A Goblin that is acting as a Crusader? How revolting!" Princess Iron Fan sneered as she blocked the sword with the fan in her hand. She then teleported and stepped on the flat of Jareth's sword, before slapping his face with her fan.

"Now, it's your… turn?" Princess Iron Fan scanned the surroundings, but she wasn't able to see the Demonic Dog, who was her true target.

After checking her surroundings for a full two minutes, the corner of Princess Iron Fan's lips curled up into a smirk.

"Oh? Are we now playing a game of hide and seek?" Princess Iron Fan asked as she casually fanned her face. "Very well, I'll make this little game more interesting."

The demonic lady then walked towards Erchitu who had just propped itself off the ground with its last remaining hand. However, just as it was about to stand up, it found itself falling back to the ground face first.

Although it was already an Undead Revenant, Erchitu felt pain coming from its legs. When it glanced over it to see what was wrong, it found that its two legs had been cleanly cut off from its body.

"Undead Beings usually don't feel pain, but I guess revenants are a different breed," Princess Iron Fan said as she lightly tapped her fan on the palm of her left hand. "Well then, Little Doggy, are you still not going to come out? If you don't then I will just have to cut your friend's body apart, piece by piece."

The Demonic Lady looked around and waited for Psoglav's reply, but the latter didn't answer her threatening words.

"I guess he doesn't think much of you." Princess Iron Fan chuckled. "I guess you chose the wrong type of friend."

Princess Iron Fan stopped chuckling and waved her fan in a slicing manner, chopping Erchitu's head from its body.

"I wanted to torture you more, but seeing that you and my husband shared the same ancestry, I gave you a quick death," Princess Iron Fan stated. "Oh. I forgot. You were already dead from the start. Well, no matter, dead is dead and what not."

Erchitu's entire body, as well as its severed head, suddenly blazed with a blue flame. A moment later, it disappeared completely, which is what happened to Revenants when they died a second time.

"Doggy, you're still not coming out?" Princess Iron Fan asked out loud as she walked towards Jareth whose roar of anger spread across the battlefield.

"Although I want to torture you, Goblins simply disgust me," Princess Iron Fan said as she covered her lips with her fan. She wasn't lying when she said that Goblins disgusted her because she believed that they were the ugliest existence in the world.

"Die!" Jareth howled as its entire body turned golden. It then charged towards Princess Iron Fan holding its shield in front of it, as if planning to use it to bash her body.

"Don't come near me, you disgusting Creature!" Princess Iron Fan made another slicing motion, which cut Jareth's shield, as well as its body, in half.

Green blood spilled on the ground, which made Princess Iron Fan back off due to disgust.

Jareth gazed at its killer with hatred as it forcefully pointed a finger at her head.

"Light…" Jareth said before its life left its body.

Immediately, a bright light shone behind Princess Iron Fan's Head, which made the surroundings bright.

"Huh?" Princess Iron Fan frowned as she lightly turned her head to look at the orb of light that was shining behind her. "What is this nonsense?"

Just as she was about to look back at the dead Goblin Paladin in front of her, a black sword materialized out of thin air and stabbed her eye.

"Ahhh!" Princess Iron Fan cried out in pain due to the sneak attack that Psoglav had patiently waited for when her guard was at her weakest. Although the sword trip was only embedded half an inch from her eye socket, it still caused her great pain due to how unexpected it was.

Erchitu, Jareth, and Psoglav all knew that they stood no chance against the demonic lady and had resolved themselves to die fighting her.

However, just dying didn't sit well with them. They wanted to make her understand that even insects like them could bite really hard, and leave her in a world of pain.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Erchitu used himself to draw everyone's attention away from the Demonic Dog, allowing him to slip inside Jareth's shadow.

This was similar to what Oliver (the Parrot Monkey) had done with William's shadow when it was guarding him in the past.

Waiting for the right opportunity, Psoglav weeped silently at the death of his friends. Although he was angry, he didn't want to waste the chance that they had given to him, so he waited, and waited, until he could travel to Princess Iron Fan's shadow, and launch a sneak attack, catching the Demonic Lady off guard.

"This is for my friends! Die, Bitch!" Psoglav shouted as tears blurred his vision. "Dark Flames!"

A dark flame erupted from the tip of Psoglav's sword that burned brightly, setting Princess Iron Fan's face ablaze.

The Demonic Lady shrieked as she desperately pushed the sword away from her eye.

"You lowly dog!" Princess Iron Fan used her sharp nails to pierce through Psoglav's chest, crushing his heart. She had completely forgotten her plan of torturing the Demonic Dog slowly due to her anger.

When Psoglav fell on the ground, his single eye looked up at the dark sky that was above his head. He could feel his body slowly turning cold, and knew that he was dying.

'I guess this is it,' Psoglav thought. 'I don't want to die, but it can't be helped, right?'

It was at that moment when it heard an adorable voice that seemed to brush away all the coldness he was feeling.

"I told you not to die, didn't I?" Kasogonaga asked with a pout on its adorable face. "But, um, knowing how weak you are, I guess this is an expected result."

The rainbow-colored Anteater chuckled before raising its paw as if giving Kasogonaga a thumbs up.

"Nicely done," Kasogonaga said with a smile. "You took one for the team and made us proud."

Erchitu and Jareth suddenly appeared behind Kasogonaga with smiles on their faces. Even if they didn't say anything, Psoglav knew that they were very proud of him.

Even though tears were blurring his vision, for some reason, Psoglav could see them clearly with his single eye that was slowly losing its luster.

"Come, Psoglav," Kasogonaga reached out its paw towards the Demonic Dog who was afraid of dying. "A new journey awaits. Let us all go together. I'm sure that we will have loads of fun."

"Yes," Psoglav replied as it weakly raised its arm to grab hold of its friend's hand. No matter what happens, even if his entire body turned to ashes, he would definitely go with them no matter what.

"Let's all go together."

A few moments later, Psoglav's lifeless hand fell to his side. His single eye closed forever.

The Demonic Dog, who had feared death the most, lay peacefully on the ground.

If one were to look closely, beyond its scary exterior, a tranquil smile could be seen on his demonic face.

He was no longer afraid because he was off on another journey with his dear friends.

A journey where all four of them would be together…

Forever.