Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1088 You Have No Power Here

Princess Iron Fan looked at the Demonic Dog's body and raised her fan. She wanted to turn the Demonic Dog into meat paste for what it had done to her face. However, before she could even vent out her frustration, a golden staff blocked her fan.

"What's wrong?" Princess Iron Fan asked. "Are you getting in my way?"

"It's already dead," the Six-Eared Macaque said. "Do not desecrate the dead."

"Since when did you start to have pity on lowly beings?"

"Just let this one go. It will be best if you treat your injury first."

"Shut up!" Princess Iron Fan glared at the Six-Eared Macaque. "I will do what I want. You can't stop me!"

Princess Iron Fan was about to wave her fan again to give her finishing blow when her fan was swatted away.

"I. SAID. STOP," The Six-Eared Macaque who was currently in Sun Wukong's form glared at Princess Iron Fan with his fangs bared open. His Fiery-Golden Eyes burned brightly, making Princess Iron Fan flinch.

For a brief moment, she had forgotten his identity and thought that she was facing the real Sun Wukong, due to how realistic the Six-Eared Macaque's transformation was. His voice, his temperament, as well as the boundless killing intent that was now aimed in her direction, felt so real that she was finding it hard to breathe.

"Enough!" the Bull Demon King's shout broke Princess Iron Fan from her daze as she hurriedly ran towards her husband.

"Darling, that Monkey is getting in my way," Princess Iron Fan whined. "Just look at my face, it was burned badly. I want to vent my anger on that Demonic Mutt!"

"It's already dead, what's the point?" The Bull Demon King's reply surprised his wife who turned her head to look at him in shock.

"D-Darling?"

"I said enough. This matter ends here. You need to take care of your face first."

The Bull Demon King lightly caressed his wife's burned face as he channeled his life force to help her recover from her injuries. Although it was just a minor injury, the gesture still made Princess Iron Fan feel that it was not a good idea to make her husband angry. She gave Psoglav's body one last glance before clicking her tongue.

The Bull Demon King then glanced at the Six-Eared Macaque who had already turned his back on them. The reason why he stopped his wife from continuing with her revenge was due to his gut feeling. He felt like if Princess Iron Fan really went ahead and turned the dead Demonic Dog's body into meat paste, the Six-Eared Macaque would turn on them both.

It was an impossible idea, but the idea felt real enough for the Bull Demon King to compromise and call his wife back to his side.

Charmaine and the Elves couldn't keep their tears from falling. After spending years inside the Thousand Beast Domain, they had treated everyone there as their close friends, especially Kasogonaga, Psoglav, Erchitu, and Jareth.

There were times when they all challenged the Dungeon of Atlantis together, and fought the bosses in life and death battles. It was very hard for them to watch from the side. They had been tempted to help them many times, but they knew that their friends would never want them to sacrifice their lives in vain.VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

For a moment, only their sobbing could be heard on the battlefield, as the Demon Lord's side and the Bull Demon King's side sized each other up.

The Bull Demon King knew that the opposing forces were not a match for them, so he wasn't too worried.

Luciel also knew that he was outclassed, so he didn't say anything and simply looked at William's group with a smirk on his face. After seeing what had happened to the red-headed teenager's companions, the Demon Lord was more than happy to become a spectator and see everyone on William's side killed without mercy.

Suddenly, a ripple spread across the black dome. A moment later, the giant golden eagle, Da Peng, appeared. Standing on top of his head was a Black Knight wearing a Crimson Crown on his head.

"Good. I came before the good part started," Felix said with a smile. His gaze then landed on his father in the distance. He looked at Luciel for a few seconds before shifting his attention back to William who was still in Lilith's embrace.

"Take them all," Felix ordered. "I want all of them alive, especially the women."

His greedy eyes landed on Celeste, who was the twin of his supposed Bride who was kidnapped right in front of his eyes. Since he didn't know where Celine was taken, he decided to just take her twin sister, who looked exactly like her.

Naturally, his gaze also fell on Lilith's lean and strong body. He had heard of Amazons before, but the Demon Race didn't dare capture anyone from their empire. Regardless of who they mated with, Amazons would always give birth to Human girls.

This was the blessing that they received from their Goddess, Astarte. Even the seed of the Demonkind wasn't strong enough to overwrite this blessing. Also, the Amazon Empress wasn't a push over either.

The Demon Lord knew that when she became angry, her entire race would launch a crusade against them, and this was something that Luciel didn't want to see.

'Snatching his lover from him will definitely be a fun thing to do,' Felix mused as he looked at the beautiful Amazon Princess who was looking at him with hate-filled eyes.

While Felix was appraising his soon-to-be-women, he heard Luciel's shout, all the way from where the Demon Army was located.

"Felix, is that you?" Luciel asked.

"Yes," Felix replied.

"I want the boy. You can have the women if you like."

"Sorry, but Lord Ahriman called dibs on him. If you want to negotiate, come and visit him yourself."

Luciel narrowed his eyes because he didn't like Felix's sudden change of attitude towards him. Back then, his son would happily grovel at his feet just to gain his favor, but now, he felt that Felix was being disrespectful to him on purpose.

"Are you now the Heir of Darkness?" Luciel asked.

Felix pointed at the Crimson Crown on his head. "Have your eyes turned bad old man? Can't you even see this thing on my head?"

"You sure have grown balls after putting that Crown on your head," Luciel sneered. "Do you think that having that Crown is enough for you to call the wind and the storm?"

Felix paused for a brief moment before laughing out loud. His laugh was filled with ridicule, which grated on Luciel's ears.

"As a matter of fact, I can now call upon the wind and storm," Felix said as he made a gesture of his hand.

Da Peng flapped its mighty wings and conjured powerful gusts of wind that swept across the Demon Lord's Army.

As a Pseudo-God, Da Peng could change the topography with one powerful attack. Just by simply flapping his wings, he had created several hurricanes which all headed towards the Demon Lord's Army, threatening to annihilate them all.

El Sibon whistled as he lashed his whip towards the hurricanes that were headed in their direction. Mapinguari also howled in anger as its single eye fired a beam of golden light at the hurricanes, dispersing them completely.

Da Peng and Felix weren't too bothered by it because they weren't doing things seriously. Luciel understood this as well, but he still felt very angry now that Felix had gained a power that was supposed to belong to his faction.

"Felix, my son, let us return to the Capital City," Luciel said. "I have almost finished gathering the army loyal to our family, and soon, we will march towards the Central Continent. With you as our banner, I'm sure the Demon Clans who decided to ignore our call will beg us to have them in our army. It is finally time to settle the score with the Silvermoon Continent. We should let the Prophecy's fulfillment come in full swing!"

Felix sneered when he heard Luciel's dramatic speech. The green-haired demon knew that he alone could rally all the Demon Clans to his side without his father's influence. For him, Luciel was someone that he didn't dare to disobey in the past. But now… now things were different.

He was now someone that no Demon, not even his father, could disobey.

"Shut up," Felix coldly said. "I will be the one to decide these things. Who gave you permission to tell me what to do?"

He then pointed his finger at the Demon Army in the distance as he unleashed the power of darkness from the Crimson Crown on his head.

"Those who wish to fight under my banner, step forward! Those who do not wish to serve me can stay where you are. I will make sure to personally deal with you all and sacrifice your souls to the Demon God! Now, make your choice!"

Luciel gritted his teeth because Felix was openly declaring that he wished to poach the factions that had sworn loyalty to him.

Just as Felix and Luciel suspected, the Demons all decided to take march in Felix's direction, not because they liked to do it, but out of fear due to his current status in the Demon Realm

Everyone knew the Prophecy of the Heir of Darkness. He was the one that would lead the Demon Race to conquer the world, and those who defied him would find themselves dead, not knowing how they died.

"Felix, don't go too far!" Luciel roared in anger. "Have you forgotten who I am?! I am the Demon Lord!"

"Too far?" Felix sneered. "I think you still don't understand your current circumstance, Father."

Felix spread his arms wide as if to encompass the entire Demon Realm. Under the sky of darkness, he could feel that the entire world was his for the taking.

"You have no power here," Felix stated. "You are an old man who is part of the past. You no longer serve any purpose. Demon Lord? In front of the Heir of Darkness… YOU. ARE. NOTHING!"

Felixl summoned the Spear of Lazarus and pointed it in Luciel's direction.

"This is the dawn of My Era!" Felix declared. "So, what will it be, Father? Will you kneel and submit to me? Or must I force you to kneel and submit to me? Your choice."

The green-haired demon had dreamed of this moment for many years. Now that he had the power to make the world tremble under his feet, his first goal was to see the Mighty Demon Lord kneel in front of him.

He would be the first, and definitely would not be the last ruler in the world that would submit to his will.