Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1089 I Will Have My Vengeance

Luciel gritted his teeth and clenched his fist so hard that crunching sounds were heard.

"Don't go too…"

"Kneel! I order you to kneel before me, Luciel!"

Half a minute passed and Luciel still stood glaring at his son, whom he could no longer control.

"Hah. So be it." Felix sighed as he glanced in the Bull Demon King's direction. "Make him kneel. You can be as rough as you want."

The Bull Demon King snorted. He didn't want to be ordered around by a mere mortal, but since Felix was now Ahriman's heir, he had no choice but to obey his petty wish to make his father kneel in front of him.

The Demonic Bull flew towards the blonde-haired demon, whose red-eyes were looking at his son with killing intent.

Half a minute passed and the Bull Demon King landed right in front of Luciel with his arms crossed over his chest.

"Are you going to kneel on your own, or should I make you kneel by force?" the Bull Demon King asked. "Your choice."

"I will never kneel!" Luciel shouted as he swung his sword towards the Bull Demon King after unleashing all of his might, using the artifact in his possession which temporarily raised his rank to the Demigod Rank.

Unfortunately for him, the Bull Demon King was not like Princess Iron Fan who underestimated her opponents. He deftly blocked Luciel's sword strike, and struck the Demon Lord's chest with his fist. Sending him skidding on the ground for hundreds of meters.

The Bull Demon King then appeared in front of Luciel and kicked him towards Felix's direction.

The Demon Lord, who had ruled the Demonic Continent for five decades, found himself eating dirt, under the gaze of his son, who looked at him with ridicule.

"I bet you didn't see this coming, did you, Father?" Felix asked in a teasing tone. "You thought that whoever became the Heir of Darkness would bow their head and serve as your lackey? Pfft! How delusional can you be? Did sitting on that ugly throne of yours dull your mind over the years? Take a good look, even El Sibon and Mapinguari know which side to choose."

The two Demigods didn't move from their position and simply observed from afar. Although they didn't deny Felix's words, everyone present knew that El Sibon and Mapinguari didn't want to stand against the Heir of Darkness.

"Just kill me!" Luciel shouted. "I will never submit to you!"

"Kill? Oh, no. I would never do that, dear Father of mine," Felix chuckled as he pointed his spear at his father's disheled body. "I will make you my dog, and show the entire world that even the Great Demon Lord had no choice but to become my pet."

A dark ray erupted from the tip of Felix's spear and hit Luciel's body, who was unable to protect himself. Soon, his body was covered with a dark miasma, which made the Demon Lord scream in pain.

His scream reverberated in the surroundings making the Demon Army, that once served under him, shudder in fear.

Luciel's pained cries lasted for a full five minutes, which was like music to Felix's ears. He had suffered so many years in his father's shadow, and seeing him in this helpless state felt so good that he couldn't stop himself from laughing out loud.

"Yes! That's it! Scream!" Felix's almost crazed words reached everyone's ears as he laughed at his father's pain and suffering. "All these years, you made me suffer like this. Now, it's your turn. Don't worry, your suffering has just begun. I will make sure to pay you back tenfold every humiliation, degradation, as well as pain, that you inflicted on me the last several years of my life!"

Felix watched until Luciel lost consciousness under his ministrations. The Dark Magic that he had aimed at his father would slowly corrupt his body and soul, making him an obedient slave that would only listen to his orders.

"Now, it's your turn," Felix pointed the tip of his spear towards Celeste. "Do you want the soft approach, or the rough one? Either way is fine with me."

Instead of answering, Celeste unleashed the power of her Divinity, which shone brightly amidst the darkness.

"If I'm not mistaken, your divinity is Chastity, right?" Felix asked with great interest. "Well, it won't be long before I take that away from you, and have you shaking your hips on the bed while lovingly calling out my name. I will make sure to train you properly while your sister is away."

Felix then glanced at Lilith before shifting his gaze to Charmaine and the other Elves.

"Turning all of you into my lovely pets one by one takes time," Felix said as the Darkness glowing at the tip of his spear intensified. "I'd rather… have all of you turned at the same time!"

Several dark beams of light erupted from the tip of the spear and rained upon the ladies who had taken a defensive stance. They had already erected a barrier, but it shattered, mere seconds before the dark beams were about to collide with them.

Just as the beams were about to fall on their bodies, a dark tornado suddenly appeared and enveloped all of them, blocking Felix's attack.

The green-haired Demon arched an eyebrow as he gazed upon the black tornado with surprise.

"Da Peng, disperse it," Felix ordered.

The Giant Golden Eagle screeched as it flapped its wings to blow the black tornado away.

Under his might, the black tornado dispersed, revealing the women he had targeted earlier. However, Felix wasn't looking at the beautiful ladies whom he had wanted to subdue.

No.

His gaze was now locked on the unconscious Half-Elf, whose body was floating several meters above the ground.

Dark lightning crawled all over William's body, as his clothes fluttered in the wind. The wind then started to pick up as a powerful gust of wind blew around him.

As if under a spell, William's body moved into a standing position. Dark mists oozed out of his body as the crackling of thunder reached everyone's ears.

It was at this moment when Felix heard alarm bells ringing inside his head.

"Kill him!" Felix roared. "Kill him before he awakens!"

Ahriman, who was sealed inside his domain, looked at William in shock. He could feel a great Divinity coming from the Half-Elf's body, and it was a Divinity that matched his own, which was absurd.

He was a Primordial God that had been born when the universe had just formed. It was simply unbelievable that a Divinity that matched, or perhaps even exceeded, his own would be present in the world of Hestia.

"Kill him!" Ahriman ordered. "Kill him now!"

Felix and Ahriman gave their order at the exact same time, which made the Bull Demon King, Princess Iron Fan, Da Peng, as well as the Six-Eared Macaque to all attack William together.

Suddenly, an ear piercing screech was heard and a giant Black Phoenix descended from the sky.

The Black Phoenix was twice as big as Da Peng, and didn't hesitate to unleash a cone of dark flame at those who tried to attack William.

The Bull Demon King and his comrades surrounded their bodies with a powerful aura to shield themselves from the dark flames that had descended on their bodies. Although the flames were powerful, they were able to endure its heat, and continue their charge towards the red-headed teenager, whose hair color was slowly turning black.

The Black Phoenix screeched once again as it used its body to wrap William's body in its fiery wings.

The Bull Demon King, Princess Iron Fan, Da Peng, and the Six Eared Macaque, all unleashed their strongest attack, making the Black Phoenix scream in pain. Its feathers scattered in the wind, but it continued to shield William from the powerful attacks that were aimed in his direction.

The Bull Demon King managed to punch a hole into one of the Phoenix's wings, but the mythical bird only rolled its body to the side, to prevent them from reaching the Half-Elf who was under his protection.

Princess Iron Fan and the Six-Eared Macaque simultaneously attacked the Phoenix's head, making it utter a pained shriek. But, no matter how much damage it received, the Black Phoenix held on.

Half a minute later, its whole wing was torn off by the Bull Demon King, making it fall towards the ground. However, even then, the Black Phoenix used its other wing to wrap William in its embrace, with the intention of using its life to protect him.

"Die!" Felix shouted as he threw the Spear of Lazarus towards the Black Phoenix's head, piercing its eye.

The Black Phoenix made one last shriek of defiance before its body collapsed on the ground. Its wings unfurled, showing William.

Seeing their target, the Pseudo-Gods charged in to deliver the killing blow.

It was also at that moment when William opened his eyes.

Time seemed to slow down as he saw his attackers' fists, fan, and staff about to land on his body.

This moment only lasted for a brief period of time before things started to move normally.

A powerful explosion was heard as the Black Phoenix's remaining wing was obliterated, creating a hundred-meter-wide crater from their point of impact.

When the dust cloud receded, the Pseudo-Gods looked at the crater in surprise when they noticed that the Half-Elf, who they had just hit, was nowhere to be found.

"Over there!" The Six-Eared Macaque was the first one to see where William went.

The Half-Elf had reappeared beside Kasogonaga and was looking down on it with a calm expression on his face.

"You've worked hard," William said softly as he picked up the body of the Deity of the Sky as if it was something precious. He then lightly patted the Anteater's head before shifting his attention to Psoglav's body.

A second later, the Demonic Dog's body turned into particles of light and shot towards the obsidian gem on William's chest.

Jareth's body also turned into particles of light and flew towards William, where it rightfully belonged.

"Master, I'm sorry," Charmaine said as tears fell down from her eyes. "I was powerless and could only watch them die from the side."

"It's fine," William replied without bothering to look in her direction. "There was nothing you could do in that situation."

Suddenly, a hazy, five-meter-tall purple portal appeared behind William.

A young lady, wearing a fox mask emerged from it and hugged William from behind.

"My Prince, I've been waiting for your arrival," Shannon said with a voice filled with reverence. "I am willing to swear my allegiance and loyalty to you."

William didn't reply, and didn't made any move to pry away the hands that were hugging him from behind.

"Charmaine, and the rest of you, return to the Thousand Beast Domain," William ordered.

The Elves nodded their heads as they turned into beams of light and flew towards the black gem in William's chest.

"Will, are you okay?" Lilith moved towards William as she looked into his eyes.

"No," William replied as he gazed at Lilith with a cold gaze. "Return to the Thousand Beast Domain. I will meet with you later."

Lilith felt her heart shudder, because the clear-green eyes that were filled with warmth and tenderness that she loved so much were nowhere to be seen.

Only a cold, and indifferent gaze now looked upon her, making her feel afraid.

"I'm sorry." William apologized when he saw the horrified look on Lilith's face. "I'm not in the best mood right now. Please, wait for me in the Thousand Beast Domain."

William's words, although no longer as cold and unfeeling as they had been, would not take no for an answer. The Amazon Princess knew that talking to him in his current state would be unproductive, so she just nodded her head and planted a kiss on his cheek before turning into particles of light, and merging with the gem on his chest.

Shannon giggled after seeing the scene because she found it very funny.

"My Prince, should I deal with them for you?" Shannon asked as she moved in front of William while holding her mask. "Don't worry, you don't have to do anything. I'll handle them myself."

Just as Shannon was about to remove the mask on her face, she felt a hand rest on her own and held it in place.

"No," William answered. "I will handle them myself, but not now."

"If that is your wish then I will gladly follow your will," Shannon clasped on William's hand as if it was the most precious thing in the world to her.

Celeste, who was standing not far away from William, could only look at him with a complicated look on her face, while her right hand was pressed over her abdomen.

As the one who held the Virtue of Chastity, she was well aware of the changes in her body. As soon as William opened his eyes, she felt a mark suddenly appear on her abdomen, making her body unconsciously shudder.

Even now, she still couldn't believe it. She thought that the prophecy had already been fulfilled, and her sister was the one chosen as the Bride of Darkness. However, it seemed that they had misunderstood the Demon and the Elven Prophecies.

The Demon's prophecy was about the Heir of Darkness, and the Elven Prophecy was about…

"The Prince of Darkness," Celeste muttered as she felt the strong connection she shared with William at the moment. "My Sister is the Bride of the Heir, while I was the Bride of the Prince…"

It felt as if all the answers to the questions she had about the two Prophecies finally fell in place.

"Go through the Portal," William ordered.

Although he didn't mention any names, Celeste felt her body moving on its own as it walked straight to the portal without another word.

Chloee, on the other hand, stood rooted in place, not knowing what to do. Her gaze shifted from Celeste to William and back again. In the end, she decided to follow Celeste because she felt that she would only be a hindrance to William right now.

Baba Yaga followed silently behind her because she also felt that her role had ended. Although she didn't know how powerful William was right now, she could feel the pure power of Dark Energy swirling inside his body.

When only Shannon and William remained on the battlefield, the Half-Elf stroked Kasogonaga's head one last time before teleporting it inside his Thousand Beast Domain.

He then shifted his attention to Felix, and ignored the Pseudo-Gods who had returned to his side.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

His bone-chilling gaze made Felix unconsciously take a step back, despite being surrounded by the strongest Demons that currently resided in the Demon Realm.

"Remember this, and remember it well," William said with a bone-chilling coldness filled with killing intent.

"I will have My Vengeance."

—--

End Of Volume 6: The Eighth Deadly Sin and the Advent of a Prince