Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1091 Things Would Never Be The Same Again

"I will have My Vengeance," William said in a voice filled with killing intent.

If looks could kill, Felix would have died a thousand times over already. William's gaze that contained his desire for revenge never left Ahriman's Heir, who had subconsciously taken a step back due to the intensity of his gaze.

After saying his parting words, William turned around to enter the purple portal behind him. He didn't look back as he resolutely left the battlefield. Right now, his newly obtained powers were unstable.

His patched up soul still needed some time to adapt to its new form. Forcing himself to fight would only damage his soul, and allow the corruption of the Darkness to take over it completely.

Also, he knew the price he had to pay in order for him to use his powers. Right now, he didn't want to lose any more precious things. He had already lost enough.

Shannon watched his back with reverence as she too stepped towards the portal. However, before taking the last step, she turned her head around as she gazed at the green-haired demon who was wearing a Crimson Crown on his head.

"I thought that having a crown on someone's head made them look like royalty," Shannon said as the corner of her lips curled up into a smirk behind her fox mask. "But when I look at you, all I see is a pig that is about to be slaughtered."

Shannon giggled before entering the portal, leaving Felix gnashing his teeth in anger.

The Black Phoenix turned into a beam of light and shot towards the purple portal before it disappeared completely. The Primordial Goddess had tasked it to remain by William's side and ensure his safety until his powers had awakened fully.

As a Phoenix, it was immortal. So, even if its body was destroyed, it would only take a little while before it recovered and could once again spread its wings to fly through the sky.

Felix stared at the portal with a grim expression on his face. Although he didn't want to admit it, William's words had left a very deep impression in his heart.

—--

'Interesting development,' Joash thought as he stealthily left the battlefield to head towards the Fortaare Desert. He knew that William would be there, so he increased his speed to get there as fast as possible.

He wanted to personally talk to the prophesied Prince of the Elves, and ask him about the details of his revenge. Joash was confident that the two of them could work together in order to reach each other's goals.

The Black Dragon's target was Luciel, and William's target was Felix. Since they were on the same side, he was sure that they would be able to come to an agreement in order to take revenge upon those who had wronged them.

'This is way better than I imagined,' Joash mused as he smiled evilly. 'The Prince of Darkness versus the Heir of Darkness. This is simply too good to be true.'

The Black Dragon wasn't too worried about Luciel becoming completely corrupted by the Power of Darkness. Every Demon Lord received Ahriman's blessing, so the Power of Darkness flowed in their body.

This was why Felix was born with the Power of Darkness, which allowed him to become Ahriman's heir.

Because of this, Joash's revenge would only be delayed until William decided that the right time had come to fight against the green-haired demon, who played a part in the death of the Half-Elf's wives and lover, as well as the deaths of his friends.

—--

Fortaare Desert…

Celeste, Princess Aila, Shannon, and the others all sat in the living room of the temporary residence that was provided to them by Zeph.

As soon as William arrived at the Sand Clan's residence, the first thing he did was to return to the Thousand Beast Domain to take care of the bodies of Kasogonaga, Psoglav, and Jareth who had fought for his sake.

William pieced Jareth's body back together using Life Magic before sealing it in a block of ice. He did the same for Kasogonaga and Psoglav because he had no intention of resurrecting them as Undead or Revenants.

For now, he placed them inside the cave filled with magic crystals, where the lifeless bodies of his wives were enshrined.

William looked at the ice that enclosed Ashe, and pressed his hand over the gem in her chest that had turned dark gray. He then pressed his lips over the ice to kiss her lips for a few seconds before backing away.

He did the same for Princess Sidonie and Chiffon.

Lilith watched this scene while biting her lip. The William she knew had changed completely, and yet, his love for his wives remained the same. Although his eyes looked cold and unfeeling, his actions proved that he still treasured those who held him dear.

After backing away, William moved towards the exit of the cavern. However, just as he passed Lilith, he reached out to hold her hand and gave it a light squeeze.

The Amazon Princess flinched because William's hand was cold. Although it wasn't ice cold, it was still enough to make her look up to him with concern.

"I'm fine," William replied as he led Lilith out of the cave. "I just need some blood."

As he pulled Lilith alongside him, the Half-Elf said something unusual that made Lilith wonder if she had misheard him.

"Times like this, I wish Cathy was here," William said. "She had an inexhaustible supply of blood. With her around, I can drink to my fill."

Lilith didn't know if William was joking or not, but she had a feeling that the Half-Elf was saying these things in order for her to not be too worried about him.

Although she still hadn't married him, she was already one of his lovers, and it was her duty to help him with his needs.

"Will, if you need my blood, you can take it," Lilith said as she increased her pace to match William's stride. "Take as much as you want."

"Okay," William replied. His words was still cold, but Lilith was able to detect a trace of affection in them.

After exiting the cave, the first thing William did was to summon the Elves, so he could heal their injuries. Charmaine and the others were in a very sorry state after their battle against those whose rank surpassed theirs by a huge margin.

"All of you drink these potions and rest for now," William ordered. "Tomorrow, I will drink your blood, so make sure to rest properly and recover your strength."

"Yes, Master," Charmaine replied as she drank the potion until none of it was left. She then went straight towards her room to rest. In truth, she was already using all of her willpower to stay awake.

The other Elves were in the same boat, so they took their leave after bidding their goodbye to William.

The Half-Elf then faced Lilith as he looked her straight in the eye. His golden eyes made Lilith think that he was looking straight into her soul, which made her shudder.

"Am I that scary?" William asked. If one were to look closely, the corner of his lips was raised slightly as if he found Lilith's reaction quite funny.

"Yes," Lilith replied honestly. "Your eyes scare me. Your touch makes me feel cold, and your voice makes me feel weak."

Lilith then cupped William's face as she stared back at him with a steady gaze.

"Your gaze has lost its tenderness," Lilith added. "Your touch has lost its warmth, and your voice is no longer affectionate. Tell me, Will, must you stay like this forever?"

The Half-Elf didn't answer right away, for he did not know the answer to Lilith's question.

"Perhaps," William replied after a minute of pondering. "I don't think I will be able to go back to the person you once loved, Lilith. Not until I hold Felix's severed head in my left hand, and Ahriman's on my right.

"Not until my hands regain those that I have lost, and can hold my wives in my embrace once more. Perhaps, only then, will I be able to feel the same thing I felt back then. But, Lilith, right now, I only want revenge."Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

William's golden pupil glowed briefly as he looked at Lilith's amber eyes that were filled with sadness.

"If you can't bear to see me like this, you can go," William said softly. "Return to the Amazon Empire until I settle my business with Ahriman and his puppet. For I will not rest until only one of us remains."

"I understand," Lilith replied as she moved closer to rest her head on William's shoulder. "I feel the same way as you do. I also want revenge, but I'm too weak to do it."

The Amazon Princess' body shuddered as the tears that she had been holding back fell freely.

It was at this moment when she felt a cold hand hold the back of her head and pull her closer to him.

That gentle motion was enough for Lilith to throw caution to the wind and wrap her arms around William before sobbing uncontrollably. Deep inside, she felt very ashamed of her actions.

First and foremost, she was a Princess and a Warrior. As a member of the Amazon Race, they would not openly show weakness to others. However, right now, she knew that her lover was suffering more than she was.

Unfortunately, William refused to cry. He no longer had tears to shed, which made Lilith feel that she needed to cry for both of them.

"Will, promise me that you will not give Felix and Ahriman a quick death," Lilith said through her sobs and tears.

"I promise," William replied as he wrapped his left arm around Lilith's waist.

Lilith then looked up at William before pulling on the back of his head to kiss his lips.

Just as she expected, William's lips were cold. However, she had no intention of backing away. Right now, what her beloved needed was her warmth, and she would give it to him.

It was Lilith who took the initiative to offer the nape of her neck, for William to drink her blood. The Half-Elf obliged and, for the first time in a long time, the sweet and euphoric sensation washed over Lilith's senses.

However, she found no joy in it. For she knew that things would never be the same again.

After pulling his fangs out of her lovely neck, William carried Lilith's exhausted body towards their bedroom.

He then covered her with a blanket before planting a kiss on her forehead.

"Sleep for now," William said. "I still have business to take care of."

Lilith nodded before closing her eyes. She could feel her consciousness falling into sleep's embrace, and she could no longer fight it.

William closed the door behind him before opening a portal to return to the Sand Clan's residence.

He still had important matters to take care of, and sleep could wait until he finished tying up the loose ends. Just as the Primordial Goddess had said, now was not the time to fight Ahriman and his forces.

William had an idea about what he needed to do. But, for that to happen, he would need to sink his fangs into those who wished to tie their destiny with his own first.