Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1093 Thank You For Not Leaving Me Behind

Night time…

Chloee sighed as she looked at the two full moons in the distance.

It was a few hours after William had ended his talks with them and disappeared without a trace. Chloee assumed that the Half-Elf went back to the Thousand Beast Domain in order to prepare for the mass migration that would be happening in three days.

Also, she kept thinking about the words that William had said before he left the room.

'He will meet with Aila tomorrow night?' Chloee mused. 'I wonder what they will talk about.'

Chloee was currently in her nineteen-year-old form, and stunningly beautiful. Unfortunately, she had a melancholic look on her face as she stared at the beautiful starry sky, which would make any stargazers on Earth squeal in happiness.

She was no longer able to return to her fairy form, and her days were numbered. The beautiful blonde Elf thought that if she saw William again, she would be able to talk to him and encourage him so he knew that everything would turn out well.

However, she didn't do that.

Chloee may be stubborn and often thought of as an idiot at times, by some of the students in the academy, but she wasn't stupid.

She knew that no words of encouragement would work on William right now, because his heart had turned cold, like the obsidian gem that was embedded in his chest.

"Four days…," Chloee softly muttered. "I can only stay in this world for four more days. Conan, maybe you shouldn't have extended my stay. Maybe it would have been better if I disappeared alongside you."

"Are you saying that what he did was useless?"

"No. I'm thankful for what he did. It's just tha–"

Chloee blinked before turning her head to the side. There, standing not far from her was William who was also staring at the two moons in the sky.

An awkward silence passed through them because Chloee didn't know what to say, and William was not in the mood to continue the conversation.

Minutes passed in silence as Chloee lowered her head and hugged her knees. She was not expecting William to appear while she was stargazing, and it made her feel nervous.

"Sixth Master, please, stand up," William's voice that suddenly came from behind her almost made her jump up in fright.

Fortunately, she was hugging her knees at that moment, or else, she might have fallen off the roof of the residence.

"S-Stand up, you say?" Chloee stuttered.

"Yes," William replied as he walked in her direction and offered his hand to support her to stand up.

Chloee looked at the pale hand that was offered to her, and hesitated for a while before placing her hand over it.

With a little tug, Chloee found herself staring back at William's golden eyes that glowed faintly in the moonlight.

"Your golden eyes looked majestic right now, but I still prefer your green eyes," Chloee said subconsciously.

"I see," William replied as his hands moved in front of Chloee's dress.

Before Chloee could even understand what was happening, her clothes had already fallen beside her feet, and her beautiful and delicate body was revealed in front of the person she loved.

At least, that was what was supposed to happen.

However, instead of seeing a beautiful body that would make all the single boys in Hestia Academy turn red as a tomato, what William saw was a body covered with cracks. It was just like a vase that had fissures all over it.

"Don't look," Chloee said as she tried to cover her body with her hands. "It looks ugly. Please, don't look."

William was unperturbed as he appraised Chloee's body that was in danger of shattering at any moment.

Chloee was about to run away due to her embarrassment, but for some reason, she was unable to move her body. It was as if she was frozen in place. She could only helplessly endure the shame and embarrassment as William's gaze wandered over every inch of her being.

After several minutes had passed, the black-haired teenager shifted his attention to Chloee's flushed face and asked her a question.

"Sixth Master, do you wish to live?" William asked.

"Stupid disciple! Are you planning to kill me with embarrassment?!" Chloee answered in anger. "Of course I want to live! Who wants to die? I don't want to die!"

Chloee's shout was so loud that it would have been enough to gather the attention of everyone in the residence. Fortunately, William had placed a sound proofing barrier around them earlier to prevent anyone from hearing the commotion that was currently happening on the rooftop of the residence.

Chloee had completely forgotten her previous nervousness towards William because of her embarrassment and angrily replied to his question.

William stared at her glaring eyes with indifference before continuing to say the things he wanted to say.

"I can save you, but after that, you will never be the same again," William stated. "You will become stained with darkness, and your soul corrupted by me. Are you sure you wish to take this path?"

"W-Will Celeste be affected by this?" Chloee asked. She knew that if something happened to her soul, Celeste would receive a backlash, just like what happened to William when Elliot and Conan died.

She couldn't bear to watch as her Master suffered pain due to the consequences of her decision.

"She will be," William replied, "but it is still better than the backlash she will receive after you die."

"Will it hurt me?"

"Perhaps. This is the first time that I am going to do it, so I can't answer your question."

Chloee closed her eyes as she took a deep breath. A minute later, she opened them and faced William's golden gaze with determination.

"I want to live," Chloee stated. "I also want to stay by your side. You can treat me as a tool if you like, but please, don't toss me aside like you are doing to Celeste."

"Very well," William replied as he held her chin and raised it up. "Just don't regret your decision later."

"I won't," Chloee said softly.

William could see how serious she was, so he no longer hesitated. In truth, even if Chloee refused his offer, he would still force her to make a pact with him.

He no longer wanted to lose those that were important to him. Especially those who had fought for his sake. Fortunately, Chloee agreed, so William lowered his head and kissed Chloee's lips, making her shudder due to how cold his lips were.

However, the coldness only lasted for a moment before she closed her eyes and accepted the kiss that William had given her.

It was at that moment when she felt something invade the core of her soul. At first she was going to resist it, but she remembered that William was trying to save her. Although she still felt afraid, she surrendered her body, and soul, to the person that she trusted the most, second only to her Master, Celeste.

Slowly, but surely, the cracks all over her body started to disappear.

Chloee felt her body, and soul being remodeled into something else, but for some reason, she didn't dislike it.

It was as if William was marking her as his own, which made her heart feel warm inside. Also, the connection between her and Celeste was still there. She could tell that her Master was feeling a slight discomfort at the moment, but she wasn't in pain, which made Chloee feel thankful to William.

Her long and beautiful blonde hair that was tied in a ponytail slowly turned black, and a pair of short horns grew out of the top of her head.

Suddenly a pair of black angelic wings sprouted behind her back, and a tail with a spade-like end, extended from behind her backside.

Chloee didn't know how long it was before William took a step back, stopping the kiss that filled her entire being with warmth.

Just like a newborn foal, trying to take its first steps on the world, Chloee walked towards William with shaky steps.

She no longer cared that she was practically naked, as she walked towards her new Master with a longing gaze.

"You did well, Chloee," William said as soon as the beautiful succubus wrapped her arms around him. "You did well."

William raised his right hand to lightly pat the top of her head, while his left hand held her waist to support her. The beautiful Succubus tried to bury her head deeper into William's chest, as if wanting to become a part of him.

Chloee sighed in pleasure after being held by the man she loved. Not long after, she lost her consciousness while leaning against William's body. Her transformation might have gone smoothly, but her soul was still adapting to the changes made in her body.

The Half-Elf held her firmly, and allowed Chloee's head to rest on his chest. After making sure that the beautiful lady in his arms wouldn't slip from his embrace, he glanced at the two full moons that illuminated the night sky for a brief moment before shifting his attention to his Sixth Master, who had decided to bind her destiny to his.

"Thank you," William said softly as he kissed Chloee's head. "Thank you for not leaving me behind, Chloee."

William then held her in a princess carry, before turning into a black mist. He returned to the room that was given to him by Zeph, instead of returning to the Thousand Beast Domain.

Right now, he was still on high alert, just in case Ahriman made his move. Although he knew that it would take a while for Felix, and his army, to know where he was, he decided to play it safe and remain in the Fortaare Desert, to ensure that he would be prepared for any situation.

—-

Celeste's room…

Celeste had her hands placed over her chest as she panted for breath.

She had felt the sudden change that came over Chloee's soul, but aside from a slight discomfort, she didn't feel anything too serious.

Deep inside, she knew that William might have done something to her Familiar, but for some reason, she felt that the Half-Elf would never harm Chloee, so she endured the anxiousness that she felt as she endured the coldness that washed over her body.

This lasted for several minutes before coming to a complete stop.

Claire, who was also clutching her chest, was lying beside her on the bed. Just like Celeste, what she only felt was a discomfort that she couldn't explain. After it receded, she finally found time to breathe and to stabilize her condition.

Celeste and Claire knew that Chloee's soul was no longer in any danger of dispersing. Both of them could feel the strong power that was coming from her connection to them. This gave the two of them some peace of mind because they were also at a loss about how to save Chloee from dying.

"Are you fine with this, Celeste?" Claire asked. "Although I can still feel Chloee's connection to us, I also sense something else from it."

"I'm fine with it," Celeste replied after she regained her composure. "William will not do anything to harm Chloee. So regardless of what he did to her, I can only thank him for saving her life."

Claire nodded her head in agreement. More than anything else, she didn't want her twin to die.

Truth be told, after Elliot and Conan died, she finally realized how much she took life for granted. Claire and Chloee had died several times in the past, but Celeste was able to summon them back because they hadn't used their full powers in battle.

Now that she had seen what true death was like, Claire finally understood how precious life truly was. The only thing that she hoped for right now was that William would take good care of her sister.

This was her honest wish for her twin, who finally had her wish granted by the person whom she treasured the most. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)