Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1094 Â Will, I Love You

(Disclaimer: R-18 Scenes. But, sorry, it's not who you think :P )

"I've waited for this moment, and yet, it was snatched away from me!" Princess Sidonie said with a pout as she pinched William's cheeks. "Why didn't you protect your first time from that Elf? I don't care if she is your Master, I already called dibs on your first night!"

William wasn't able to look at the beautiful Princess straight in the face because he was feeling very guilty. Truth be told, he had already agreed to make love with Ashe and Princess Sidonie on his eighteenth birthday in order to lose his V-Card in real life.

Unfortunately, the early bird got the early worm, and Celine managed to bite Little Will, before the others did.

"Calm down, Sidonie," Ashe tried to pacify the pouting Princess as she lightly pulled on William's ear. "I'm sure William didn't plan to break his promise with us, right Will?"

"Of course!" William replied in a heartbeat. "I swear I didn't expect that Master would make love to me. She said that we will just do training, and before I knew it…"

"You could have resisted," Princess Sidonie pinched both of William's cheeks before rubbing his face with both of her hands. "Admit it, you wanted her as well, right?"

"Y-Yes," William admitted.

The red-headed teenager didn't want to lie in front of the two girls that loved him, and admitted that he also wanted it to happen. Celine had been his very first crush in the World of Hestia. He would be lying if he said that he didn't dream of doing this and that with her.

"Kuh! I should have become suspicious when she appeared here." Princess Sidonie lightly hit WIlliam's chest with her first. "That thieving cat! I will not forgive her."

William sighed as he placed his hand at the back of Princess Sidonie's head and pulled her close to him.

"I'm sorry," William said as he kissed her forehead. "I know that I should have resisted, but I still went ahead and did it with her. How can I make it up to you?"

"... Make love to me with everything you have."

"Okay."

"How about me?" Ashe asked as he lightly patted William's head. "Am I not included in this?"

"Of course, you're in it too," William replied as he pulled Ashe close to him and gave her a kiss on the lips. "Tonight, I will make up for all the wrongs that I have done to both of you."

"Hmp! You're not sleeping tonight, Darling."

"Celine might have taken your first in real life, but I was your first in your Dreamworld, right?"CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Beads of sweat formed on William's forehead as he looked back at his beautiful mermaid lover who had a tender look on her face.

"A-Actually, my first time was with Wendy in my dreams," William stuttered. "We even did thirty roun–ahhhh!"

After several minutes of trying to pacify his two lovers, Princess Sidonie's and Ashe's sighs echoed within the walls of William's bedroom.

Both ladies were clinging on to William, as he kissed, and sucked their proud peaks that they had offered to him.

His hands were busy kneading the soft, and willing jade rabbits that his lips weren't servicing, making the two beautiful ladies cling to him tighter.

The red-headed teenager pinched, rubbed, flicked, and played with their firm tips making both ladies sigh. He was currently using his Incubus Job Class and used his powers to increase their sensitivity. Because of this, they were feeling every kiss, every caress, and every playful bite in a heightened state, which was not possible normally.

William allowed both ladies to catch their breaths, for a brief moment as his hands trailed down from their breasts, down to their bellies, all the way to their lower abdomen.

Ashe and Princess Sidonie were both maidens, so William made sure to prepare them properly for their union. Minutes passed as the two ladies shuddered together after reaching their climax.

Their breaths along with William's was ragged, especially the Half-Elf who was doing his best to control his urges.

Soon, Princess Sidonie, the one who was said to be the most beautiful in the world, laid on all fours on the bed. She raised her hips as she waited for William to plunge into her depths, and make her his woman.

Her wish came true not long after as William lowered his hips and pushed past her maidenhood. A gasp escaped the beautiful princess' lips as the power of her Divinity activated at the same time her chastity was taken from her.

Instead of pain, she only felt pleasure.

Genuine pleasure from the man whom she had chosen as her significant other. A pair of horns grew out of her head, a black pair of wings unfurled behind her back, and a tail with a spade-like tip at its end extended from her backside.

"Finally." Princess Sidonie sobbed, not in pain, but in happiness after William had made her his woman. "I've waited for this for so long."

William felt a fire burning in his chest as Princess Sidonie's Lust passed through their joined bodies. Soon, the sound of skin slapping skin echoed in the room as William tried to fight the nearly overwhelming feeling for conquest from taking hold of his senses.

Princess Sidonie was sinfully beautiful, and now that her power had awakened, her beauty became more profound. It filled William with the urgency to fill her up with his seed, to mark her womb as his.

Ashe was also affected by Princess Sidonie's Divinity and moved towards William to offer her breast to him as he continued to make love to the beautiful Princess, whose power was slowly and slowly dispersing throughout the room.

Soon, Princess Sidonie felt something hot shooting inside her. Her body subconsciously trembled as William's lifeforce washed over her senses. For a brief moment, she blanked out, savoring the afterglow of her first time.

"My turn next," Ashe said softly, and yet, her voice held an urgency that couldn't be denied.

She pushed William, making the Half-Elf fall down on the bed, looking up at her.

Princess Sidonie felt a sense of loneliness the moment William pulled out of her. Her Succubus senses craved for more, but she held herself back. She knew that she was not the only one that loved Will, so she decided to be patient as she waited for her turn again.

Ashe's beautiful body, whom William had held several times in the past, was just as smooth and as captivating as he remembered.

Perhaps due to the effect of Princess Sidonie's Divinity, Ashe took the initiative to hold William's manhood and guided it to her entrance that desperately wanted to have him.

In one swift motion, Ashe moved her hips down, feeling both pain and pleasure after the deed was done. The color of her purity dyed the white sheets with red as her hips moved up and down to satisfy the craving that had taken hold of her body.

Ashe was bold, but she was never that bold. The sudden change in her character, due to Princess Sidonie's Divinity, was such a contrast that William was greatly turned on by her current behavior.

The Half-Elf didn't become passive for long as he raised his hips to meet Ashe's rhythm, allowing him to reach the depths of her womanhood, and making her tingle all over.

His hands reached out to fondle her breast as she moved with more intensity. She could sense that William was about to reach his limit, so she lowered her hips, and shook her waist in a circular motion that made William grunt, releasing his essence deep inside her.

William felt a heartfelt pleasure when Ashe moved her hips in order to encourage him to release his seed at the entrance of her womb. It was as if she was begging for him to get her pregnant, and it made his climax so strong, that he wondered if he really did succeed in making her conceive his child.

"Darling, I hope you didn't think that this would be over after two rounds."

Morgana, who had suddenly materialized after Princess Sidonie lost her consciousness due to the pleasure, said with a smile.

"Sidonie is just resting, she will be up after you finish making me feel good." The lusty Succubus who had the exact same face as Princess Sidonie kissed Little Will before putting him inside her mouth to clean him up.

"That's right, Will," Ashe said lovingly as she placed her right hand over her abdomen. "The night is still young. You went thirty rounds with Wendy, right? I want to experience that as well."

William sighed as she reached out to lightly pat Morgana's head, who was currently in the middle of rejuvenating Little Will to make him fight for another thirty rounds. His other hand then held into Ashe's arm as he pulled her close to him to give her a loving kiss.

"Very well," William said after his kiss with Ashe ended. "I hope you girls are ready. All three of you will not be getting any sleep tonight."

"Darling, that is my line," Morgana replied after giving Little Will one last kiss. "You don't have to move. All you need to do is keep it up for me."

"Will, I love you," Ashe said as she lowered her head to initiate a kiss on William's lips.

That night, all four of them didn't stop until dawn. Only when the sun started rising from the East, did they fall asleep, while holding each other in a loving embrace.