Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1095 Forced To Embrace The Darkness, So That Others May See The Light

William abruptly opened his eyes and saw a black-haired beauty lying next to him.

She had a peaceful look on her face as she slept soundly without a care of the world. The Half-Elf frowned as he propped himself up the bed. He had no intention of sleeping, but for some reason, he fell asleep beside Chloee.

After she finished her transformation into a Succubus, William watched over her to ensure that he would be able to deal with any possible side-effects that might arise in the first few hours of her new life.

Fortunately, nothing happened. Perhaps it was that feeling of relief that had prompted him to relax his guard and fall asleep beside her.

'Times like this, I wish I could have kept dreaming,' William thought as he looked outside the window of his room. Although the sky on the east was starting to lighten, the sun was still not up.

He had dreamt of his first night with his wives, Ashe, Princess Sidonie, and Morgana. It was a memory that held significance in his heart because it had happened on the night of his eighteenth birthday.

William closed his eyes briefly to savor these memories before he walked towards the bed. He covered Chloee's beautiful naked body with a blanket. Although most men would lose control over such sights, the black-haired teenager wasn't even affected by it.

The Half-Elf didn't cover her the night before because he was paying close attention to any changes that were happening to her body. Also, Chloee was now a creature of the night, her resistance to cold was higher compared to most mortals. William wasn't worried about her getting sick and catching a cold.

After checking her condition one last time, William flew out of the window. He flew higher, and higher, until he was several miles off the ground.

Crossing his arms over his chest, he gazed towards the North where he had lost many important things to him. William wanted nothing more than to grind Ahriman's flesh and bones until there was nothing left of him. But, he knew that this was an impossible endeavor. At least, at this point in time.

It was at that moment when William saw a black speck over the horizon that was flying in his direction.

The black-haired teenager arched an eyebrow because he recognized the identity of the creature that had locked onto his location.

William didn't move, and simply waited for the unexpected guest to arrive. Although he had no idea why the Black Dragon was looking for him, he knew that the latter was currently in a rough spot due to the changes that were happening in the North.

"It's been a while, William," Joash said as he stopped a few meters away from the Half-Elf who had an indifferent look on his face.

"Has it?" William asked. "Did you grow bored spectating from a safe distance?"

"I did," Joash replied. The Black Dragon didn't even bat an eye and admitted that he had observed the events as they had transpired in front of him. "This is why I came to find you. I don't want to be a spectator any longer."

William eyed Vesta's father. He didn't find fault in Joash's decision to be a bystander because he didn't owe the Half-Elf anything. They were not allies, or collaborators. The two of them were just doing what benefitted them.

That was the extent of the relationship they had.

"What do you want?" William inquired.

"An alliance," Joash answered.

William nodded. "Tell me the specifics of this alliance. I will decide once you give me the clearcut details of how you plan to cooperate with me."

Joash remained calm as he observed the black-haired teenager whose presence had completely changed. If in the past, he could still gauge William's combat strength, now, he couldn't.

Although he had a feeling that the Half-Elf was still weaker than him, the Black Dragon dared not take his chances and offend him.

"The Southern Stronghold was not only built to keep the forces of the Central and Silvermoon Continents away," Joash explained. "It was also made with the intention of mounting an offensive towards the Demon Capital, and ensuring that there was a stable fortress that could block most armies.

"Can it block Pseudo-Gods?" William asked with sarcasm.

"Perhaps," Joash answered with a smile. "There hasn't been an opportunity to activate the Stronghold's defenses, but I am confident that it could block Tarasque even if it used its full strength against it."

"Oh?" William's interest was piqued by Joash's confident words.

Tarasque was the strongest Demigod of the World. It could be considered a Pseudo-God because no Demigods could beat it in battle, even if they all worked together against it.

It was the ultimate protector of the World of Hestia, which allowed it to go anywhere it wanted, as long as it wished. None of the Demigods feared it, for it didn't actively seek them out.

In short, Tarasque was a pacifist. Even the mortals of the world would come to look for it to ask it to share its vast knowledge with them.

"Since there was no opportunity to activate the Stronghold's defenses, how did you know that Tarasque couldn't break through it?" William wasn't too convinced by Joash's explanation, but because of how confident the Black Dragon looked, he still gave him the benefit of the doubt.

"It's because I asked it personally," Joash replied. "After asking Tarasque if it could breach the Stronghold's defenses within a day, it said no."

"Okay. let's say that it couldn't breach it for a day, how long would it take Tarasque to tear your fortress to the ground?"

"Two months. Tarasque knows that the Fortress stands on one of the leylines in the Demon Continent. Only when the leyline dries up will its defenses shatter. Even the strongest amongst us knows that it is a daunting task to drain a leyline completely."

"Two months," William muttered before shaking his head. "It's not enough. Sooner or later, the forces of Darkness will break through your Stronghold's defenses."

Joash nodded his head to acknowledge William's words. "I know that it will not be enough to stop their advance. Its purpose is only to stall them for time."

"Then, what do you plan to do in those two months?"

"Wait for you to become stronger. I will only use the full might of my forces once I am sure that there is a chance at victory."

William scoffed at the Black Dragon who was relying on him to turn the tables around. Even so, he didn't dislike the plan. What he needed the most was time. He couldn't use his full powers because it would completely wipe out the remaining memories he had of Belle from his head.

He had a feeling that once he lost them as well, he would never be the same again.

"Tell me, William Von Ainsworth. How much time do you need?" Joash asked with a serious expression on his face. Right now, he was relying on the power of one prophecy to beat another prophecy.

Although it sounded ridiculous, this was the only way for him to have his revenge against Luciel, his evil spawn, Felix, as well as the Gremory Clan, who had all played a role in the death of his wife.

"I don't know," William replied. "All I know is that before I fight against Felix, I need to awaken my full powers. Also, I will need an army to fight him."

"You can use my army," Joash volunteered.

William shook his head. "It's not enough."

"Hestia Academy will also come to our aid. Not only them, but I'm sure that the Human Kingdoms and Empires will not stand by and allow their lands to be conquered by the Demon Race. if we pool our forces together then we can push them back."

"Perhaps."

William didn't deny or confirm Joash's words. He didn't know how powerful the army of each Kingdom was, but he was certain that together, they still posed a threat to the Demon Army's expansion.

"Do what you must," William said as he glanced at the rising sun in the East. "I will be returning to the Central Continent two days from now."

"May I know where exactly in the Central Continent you are going? I can tell that you don't plan to go back to Hestia Academy."F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"I'm going to the Tower of Babylon. I need to talk with someone there."

Joash nodded in understanding.

"William, I will leave my daughter in your care," Joash said. "I hope you don't mind."

"Sure, I will keep her around so you can watch my movements. I also hope you don't mind if I have my way with her when I get bored."

"I don't mind. I'm sure my daughter wouldn't mind that either."

William snorted before flying back towards the Sand Clan's residence. The Sun had finally risen in the East, spreading its light to the world.

Even so, the black-haired teenager knew that the light would soon disappear from the face of the world. A New Era of Darkness was upon the world, and no light would be able to pierce through the veil of darkness that would soon descend upon the land.

Joash watched William's retreating back with a solemn gaze. The Black Dragon knew full well that if any of them had a chance to turn things around, it would start with the Half-Elf who was forced to embrace the Darkness, so that others may see the Light.