Chapter 1098 Once You Make Your Decision, There Will Be No Turning Back

Princess Aila had lost control of her senses.

The only thing she could think of was to take all of William's memories that belonged to the black-haired beauty that the Half-Elf wanted to entrust to him.

After absorbing William's first memory, the angelic beauty was bathed in warmth, love, and happiness that she hadn't felt in her current lifetime. It was so sweet, and so intoxicating that she couldn't stop herself from wanting more.

With every memory she took from him, her addiction grew.

With every kiss, she felt herself falling helplessly in love with him.

It was as if his memories of Belle were affecting her emotions, making her feel that the feelings of love were being directed to her, instead of the beautiful wife that William had left back on Earth.

Several minutes later, William was lying on the bed, with Princess Aila pinning him down. Their roles had been reversed, and the Princess was now like the groom who was planning to make love to his newlywed wife on their honeymoon.

The Half-Elf could no longer resist because he had fallen unconscious at this point in time. Only Princess Aila's kisses could be heard in the room as she took everything that the black-haired teenager held sacred.

Half an hour later, a pleasure-filled sigh escaped Princess Aila's lips as she basked at the afterglow of the warmth that William had given her.

Only after looking down did she realize how forceful she had been, while she was absorbing William's memories.

The Half-Elf had only been wearing a loose sleeveless black shirt, and pants when he went to Princess Aila's room. Now, that shirt had already been ripped apart, showing William's lean and toned body that made the angelic princess blush until the tips of her ears were red.

"I-I…," Princess Aila muttered as she looked at the aftermath of her passionate pursuit of the sweet feeling that had taken hold of her senses.

Soon, the angelic beauty's gaze landed on the black obsidian gem that was embedded in William's chest. Her hand subconsciously moved towards it and caressed its surface.

"It's cold," Princess Aila said softly as she touched the black gem that she believed served as William's heart. "It's so cold."

The Princess couldn't help but be surprised at the coldness she was feeling. It was as if she was touching a block of ice that would never melt.

For some reason, the angelic Princess felt sadness wash over her body. The warmth that she felt earlier instantly disappeared, and was replaced by a discomfort that made her shudder.

"D-Don't tell me, I took the last shred of warmth he had left in his heart?" Princess Aila's eyes widened in shock when this realization hit her.

For a brief moment, she almost returned the memories she had taken from William. The only reason why she was barely able to stop herself from doing so was because the memories were something that the Half-Elf had entrusted to her. If not for that then she wouldn't hesitate to return the precious memories that she had taken from him.

While the angelic Princess was still thinking of what to do next, William's eyes slowly opened. Since the Princess was paying close attention to him, she immediately noticed that he had awoken.

"How are you feeling?" Princess Aila asked.

"Hungry," William replied as she looked at the beautiful lady in front of him. "What am I doing here again, and why are you pinning me down?"

Princess Aila blinked once then twice before she understood the meaning behind William's question. The Half-Elf not only lost his memories of Belle, but also the reason why he met with her in the first place.

The angelic beauty's thoughts went blank for a brief moment because she didn't know how to explain the current situation to William.

"Well, it doesn't matter," William said as he held Princess Aila's arm. "Aila, your body is overflowing with Life Magic. Can you share some with me? I'm feeling really hungry right now. If I don't sate this hunger, I might lose control of myself and do something crazy."

Princess Aila nodded her head as she looked at William's face who was no longer indifferent and cold. In fact, there was nothing different from one of the usual expressions he always had before he became the Princes of Darkness.

It was as if… the damn finally broke, and he was able to act normally without restraining himself.

"Thank you," William smiled as she pulled the princess close to him.

For some reason, Princess Aila felt that she was being drawn into his smile. A moment later, she felt William's lips press over her own.

A few seconds later, the Half-Elf pulled back as he smacked his lips together.

"So delicious," William said as he caressed the side of Princess Aila's face. "I'm afraid that if I continue to do this, I might eat you until only your bones remain."

Princess Aila was about to ask if William had taken enough life force from her, when her world suddenly spun around her.

"Careful now." William held the angelic beauty who was now feeling weak. "Don't worry, I only took a quarter of your Life Magic. It will restore itself when you wake up tomorrow."

He then lay the princess on the bed and covered her with a blanket. After that, he planted a kiss on her forehead before moving away from the bed.

"Aila, let's talk about us tomorrow," William said. "I will give you the answer that you are looking for. But, before I give you my answer, can I ask you a question?"

"Yes." Princess Aila had circulated her Life Magic around her body in order to remove the discomfort that she was feeling.

"Are you sure you want to be with me in my current state?" William asked in a teasing tone. "Do you really want to become my woman?"

"I-I don't know," Princess Aila replied. "To be honest, I am afraid of you right now."

William chuckled as he nodded his head.

"Good answer." William nodded his head. "You can come and find me when you decide to become mine. However, I will tell you this. Once you make your decision, there will be no turning back. Do I make myself clear?"

"Yes."

"Goodnight. I'll see you tomorrow after the migration of the Sand Clan and the Rhanes Clan is finished."

William didn't wait for Princess Aila's reply before turning into a black mist and exiting through the window. The window closed by itself after the Half-Elf left, leaving the angelic Princess alone inside the room.

Her heart was still beating wildly inside her chest because the current William's charisma was so strong, that she felt that she could only say yes to whatever demand he asked of her.

Fortunately, the Half-Elf seems to have noticed this and held back his charm to allow Princess Aila to retain her willpower.

"Shannon might be pleased with the new changes in William's personality," Princess Aila muttered. "I'm sure that if he asked her if she wanted to become his woman, Shannon would definitely jump at the opportunity."

Princess Aila patted her chest as she tried to understand her current feelings for William. In truth, she really liked him, and she was willing to be with him, but she was afraid.

Very afraid that William's seductive words of love would make her fall in his embrace, and bring her to the heights of pleasure, until she wouldn't be able to live without him again.

—--

After leaving Princess Aila's room, William was still feeling hungry. However, he felt a sense of freedom that he had never felt before. It was as if a great burden had been lifted off of his body, and he was now free to do whatever he wanted, without worrying about the consequences.

William rubbed his chin as he pondered this incredible sense of liberation that he was feeling at the moment. For some reason, he felt as if he had forgotten something important.

"Well, if I can't remember it, it mustn't be anything important," William shrugged as he walked down the hallways without his shirt on.

He was only wearing black pants, and walked barefoot. Right now, he was craving blood and life, but had no urge to randomly attack people just to satisfy his cravings.

After making a turn, he came face to face with Celeste, and Claire who was seated on her shoulder.Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"You're still here?" William asked with a smile. "I thought you returned to the academy."

The Half-Elf walked towards Celeste in a casual manner that confused not only the beautiful elf, but also the little fairy on her shoulder.

"I'm worried about Chloee, so I'll be staying with her for the time being," Celeste replied as she eyed the black-haired teenager closely. "You seem… different."

"I also feel the same," William nodded. The smile never left his face as he continued to look at the beautiful elf in front of him. "Actually, I feel very hungry right now, but aside from that, I feel giddy for some reason. Also… I didn't notice this before but you look incredibly delicious right now."

William grinned showing his fangs. This scene made Celeste's body shudder as her hand subconsciously moved to touch the tattoo that had appeared on her lower abdomen.

The Half-Elf noticed this subtle gesture, but he only smiled and walked towards Celeste. However, before he went past her, he whispered something in her ear.

"Don't worry. I won't touch you," William whispered. "I have many willing women who would surrender themselves to me with just a single word. Also, I now have Chloee with me. She would happily take your place as my bride, so you can rest assured that your precious Chastity will remain intact. I have no interest in it."

William walked away from Celeste while humming. He really didn't feel anything for the beautiful Elf who looked exactly like his Master, except for the fact that the color of her hair was different.

Celeste looked at William's retreating back, and felt a dull ache in her chest, and in her womb. His casual words seemed to have affected her to a certain extent, making her breathe heavily.

Claire, who was seated on Celeste's shoulder patted her chest. During the Half-Elf's exchange with her Master, the little fairy felt a very strong attraction towards William. It came to the point where she almost flew towards him and knelt in submission.

This feeling scared her, because she never felt something like this before. Fortunately, William was already gone. If he had remained a minute longer…

The little fairy shuddered.

'I'd better stay as far away from him as I can get,' Claire thought. 'Celeste should do the same as well. If not, I'm afraid that the two of us will fall for his charms. The current William is like a walking poison that intoxicates those around him. If we are not careful, we might turn into his slaves, willing to do anything for him.'

Claire thought of her twin sister, Chloee, who had decided to stay by William's side. The Half-Elf had already said that he would substitute Chloee for Celeste and make her his bride. Although she was very happy for her twin, the same couldn't be said for Celeste.

'I think I should try my best to convince her to go to the Palace of Light,' Claire thought. 'That way, we will be far from Wiliam's influence.'

Claire didn't know if she was saying these things in her head for Celeste's sake, or for hers. The only thing she knew was that they should leave William's side while they could before they fell completely under the power of his charms.