Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1099 That Girl Is Trouble

After leaving Celeste behind, William came face to face with Shannon on his way back to his room.

The young lady, who was still wearing her mask, was standing in front of William's room and seemed to be waiting for him to return.

The moment their gazes met, Shannon looked closely at William's bare upper half, and for some reason, it awakened the artistic side of her.

"Lord William, what a coincidence. I was just taking a casual stroll and found you here," Shannon said. "This must be Fate at work."

William rolled his eyes at Shannon's nonsense excuse.

"Yes, it must be Fate," William replied with a smile, turning a blind eye to Shannon's sorry excuse for trying to meet him. "What can I do for you, Miss Shannon?"

"Miss Shannon sounds so distant. Just call me Shannon."

"Sorry, but I don't stick it in crazies."

"Huh?" Shannon tilted her head in confusion. "What do you mean, Lord William?"

William walked towards Shannon until he was only a meter away from her. He then lightly poked the mask on her face in a teasing manner.

"Girl, don't make me use Donger on you," William stated. "You might find him to be a mouthful."

"... Lord William, I don't understand?"

"Don't worry. I'm just talking nonsense. So, what do you want from me again?"

William crossed his arms over his chest as he eyed the Eighth Sin who was quite smitten with him. After finally awakening the Power of Darkness, now that his memories of Belle had been taken from him, the Half-Elf was able to identify things with a single glance.

This was how he was finally able to know the power that resided inside Shannon's body and why it had made things difficult for him when they met for the first time.

"I just wanted to ask if I could become one of your lovers, Lord William."

"... I'm very tempted to take Donger out right now, so I can test it on you."

"E-Excuse me?"

William chuckled. Right now, he was really in a good mood, which made him want to tease the young lady in front of him.

"You want to become my lover, right?" William asked.

Shannon nodded.

"Alright, I'll think about it," William stated. "Let's talk after we return to the Central Continent. For now, make sure to keep that mask on in order to prevent people from dying, okay?"

"Understood," Shannon replied with a serious expression on her face. Now that her Prince had promised to think about her proposal, she no longer felt anxious about being around him.

"Goodnight, Lord William," Shannon walked up to William and gave him a hug and breathed in his manly scent.

Shannon looked like every other human girl, with the exception of the two fox ears on the top of her head. As a Fox Lady, she was quite familiar with the power of charms. Right now, WIlliam's body was oozing with it. However, she was not affected by it.

William, on the other hand, felt a bit helpless about how he should treat the young lady who was hugging him at the moment.

Just like how he found out what Divinity Shannon had, he also found out who her mother, and father were. If not for the fact that Aamon had not made things harder for him and unsealed the curse on his Est's, Isaac's, and Ashe's bodies after his battle with Morax in the Deadlands, he might have used Shannon to blackmail the God in order to make him lift the curse on their bodies.

However, since his issue with Aamon was now over, he no longer felt the need to flatter the God who was also Shannon's father.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The only problem was Shannon's mother. William didn't want to antagonize the Goddess, not because he was afraid of her, but because they were on the same side.

Doing so would only sour their relationship, and he didn't want that to happen. This was also why he was keeping Shannon at bay in order to prevent misunderstandings between them. Although William was fond of women, that didn't mean that he would just take any beautiful women he saw, and throw them on his bed.

"Um, are you done?" William asked. He had kept his arms on his waist to not give the young lady any reason to continue hugging him. "I still have things to do."

"I'm almost done," Shannon replied as her hands moved all over William's upper half, as if she was an artist inspecting an artwork by hand.

William endured the young lady's sexual harassment, for half a minute, before holding her shoulders and gently pushing her away from him.

"Goodnight, Shannon," William said as he moved towards the door. "I'll see you tomorrow."

He didn't even bother to wait for Shannon's reply before firmly closing the door behind him.

As soon as he entered the room, a giggle reached his ears.

William glanced at the beautiful lady with long black hair that was leaning against the wall near the entrance of his bedroom.

"That girl is trouble," Chloee said as she looked at William with a grin. "Much more trouble than I will ever be."

"You're not trouble," William replied as he walked towards the beautiful succubus. "You're mine."

William kissed Chloee's lips, which made the latter's body stiffen.

"I'm still not used to this," Chloee said softly after William's kiss ended, "but I don't dislike it."

William smiled as he wrapped his arms around the beautiful succubus who had risked her life for him.

"Don't worry, I will teach you everything you need to know," Wiliam replied. "But first, I need to go back to the Thousand Beast Domain. I need Charmaine and the others. I am really hungry."

"Okay." Chloee nodded in understanding. "I am going with you."

"Mmm." William held Chloee's hand as he opened a portal in front of him.

Soon, William found himself being kissed all over by the Elves that had taken good care of him for the past few years. The Half-Elf accepted their advances, and returned their gestures in turn.

Although he refrained from making love to them, especially to Charmaine, who had already surrendered her heart and body to him, his affectionate touch had left her a promise.

"Soon," William whispered in Charmaine's ears, before lowering his head to kiss her right breast.

"I understand," Charmaine replied as William sank his fangs into her tender breast, drawing blood from it.

That night, Charmaine and the other Elves fell helplessly under William's soft kisses, and pleasurable touch. Not only did they feel the euphoria of having their blood taken from them, the unexpected intimacy left them craving for more.

William satisfied their desires until they lost consciousness one by one. In the end, only Charmaine remained.

She leaned her head on William's chest and kissed the obsidian gem in his chest with love, over and over again. The black gem that once was ice cold, now felt warm to the touch.

William hugged his personal maid that had served him faithfully for many years before closing his eyes to sleep. Now that his hunger had been sated, he was finally able to relax and allow himself to fall into sleep's embrace.

As the Half-Elf dreamed a dreamless sleep, the laughter of the Primordial Goddess echoed in the darkness. Although things didn't turn out the way she wanted with Belle's memories, she found William's compromise a step towards the path that she had paved specifically for him.