Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1102 I Will Do Things In Modedation

A Black Qilin soared through the sky and headed towards the main city of the Rahjah Clan.

After the Sand Clan and the Rhanes Clan finished their migration, William left the Fortaare Desert without turning back.

Naturally, he took the Fortaare Death Worm with him, and let the Monstrous Myriad Beast feast on the monsters that were located on the 61st Floor of the Dungeon of Atlantis. As a creature that now belonged to William's King's Legion, it had gained the skill Underwater Breathing.

Because of this, it was able to terrorize the ocean floor, and hunt down the underwater monsters that inhibited the floor that was made up entirely of water.

If not for the fact that William could bestow the Underwater Breathing skill to his subordinates, clearing the 61st Floor would have been a very time consuming endeavor.

—---

'Optimus, how far has the exploration of the Dungeon of Atlantis progressed?' William asked.

After leaving Ahriman's Domain, his connection with The System was once again established. The Half-Elf had tasked Optimus with the expansion of the Thousand Beast Domain to make room for the forces that had decided to serve under his banner.

For some reason, William found himself with a surplus of God Points that he had received out of nowhere. All in all, he had a hundred million God Points that were sent to him by the Primordial Goddess, who he now served.

There was even a playful note in the mail that said.

"Feel free to spend all the God Points at your leisure. I'll be sure to replenish them again once they are gone. Also, my avatar will be meeting you soon. Let's talk more when that time comes."

William couldn't help but think that he had somehow gained a Sugar Mama with enough God Points to drown him completely. The image of the otherworldly beauty with long black hair, and golden eyes appeared in his mind.

For some reason, he wanted nothing more than to lay down in her embrace, and feel the warmth of her body over his. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The Half-Elf's musings were suddenly broken when he heard Optimus' report on their current status in the Dungeon of Atlantis.

< We are stuck at the 78th Floor, right now. There is simply no way for our forces to proceed because every creature there is at the peak of the Millennial Rank. We lack manpower strong enough to be able to challenge them in group battles. >

'I see.' William nodded his head in understanding.

William's main vanguard in the Dungeon exploration was Kasogonaga's team which comprised of Erchitu, Psoglav, and Jareth. Now that the four of them are dead, all further progress in the Dungeon had come to a complete standstill.

The Half-Elf then glanced at the mark on the back of his right hand. There, a black phoenix tattoo could be seen, allowing William to summon the Pseudo-God to aid him in his battle. Unfortunately, the Black Phoenix had sustained serious injuries during the battle in Ahriman's Domain.

According to Optimus' calculation, it would take a month for the Pseudo-God to completely recover from its injuries.

Although he didn't know if the Black Phoenix would be able to fight properly in underwater battles, it was currently the strongest creature in William's arsenal, aside from the Fortaare Desert Worm, that could bulldoze through the obstacles that stood in his way.

As the Black Qilin flew towards their destination, William noticed something strange ahead of him.

Someone was leisurely sitting on top of what seemed to be a flying kettle, while holding a mug of mead in his hand.

The corner of William's lips twitched because he had recognized the Half-Elf, who was known to chase the skirts of women when he was not doing his job as an Alchemist in the Kraetor Empire.

"Yo, Will, been a while," the handsome Half-Elf said as he casually waved to the black-haired teenager who had decided to pay his respects to him.

"It has indeed been a while, Fifth Master." William gave the Half-Elf, who was known as the Full Kettle Alchemist, a respectful bow. "What brings you to the Demon Realm?"

"I came here to see my dear Disciple of course," Albert Antstein said as he eyed the Half-Elf from head to foot before taking a sip of the mead in his mug. "Seems like a lot of things have happened to you."

"A lot is an understatement, Fifth Master."

"Indeed. My bad. I'm sorry for your loss."

William arched an eyebrow. "What loss are you talking about, Fifth Master?"

Albert took another sip from his mug before giving William a sad gaze. His beautiful gray eyes, that could instantly captivate a chaste maiden into spreading her legs for him, were filled with pity, which gave William a strong urge to slap him in the face.

Of course, he didn't do that. Although Albert may be like a loose man chasing after skirts every single day, he taught William a lot of things when he decided to take him in as his Alchemy Disciple when he was still in the Kraetor Empire.

"Gavin told me," Albert replied.

Those three words made William's casual expression change drastically as a serious expression appeared on his face.

"You mean to say that you are my…"

"I am your Senior Brother. I was Gavin's only follower before you arrived here in Hestia."

William blinked once and twice before looking at Albert from head to foot, and back again. He didn't know that his Senior Brother, who was said to also be in Hestia, would end up being his Fifth Master, who had taught him Alchemy.

"What a small world," William said with a complicated look on his face.

"Indeed, but there is one more thing that I need to tell you," Albert replied before drinking everything in his mug.

After giving out a loud belch, the blonde-haired Half-Elf took a red gem out of his storage ring, and casually tossed it to William. The black-haired teenager caught the gem and appraised it before looking back at Albert in shock.

"I know it's a little late, but I am also your father's best friend," Albert stated. "I am here to help you unlock the full power of the Dungeon Conqueror and allow you to follow your father's footsteps."

"... Hah. If only you had come a little sooner, Fifth Master," William sighed as he held the gem in his hand firmly. "Things might have ended differently."

"I know." Albert nodded his head in agreement. "I thought that you were still too young to hold such a responsibility, so I decided to wait a year before I passed your father's memento to you. Looking back, it was me being petty for not being able to woo your mother like your father did."

"Um? Excuse me? You also had a thing for my mother?"

"Yes. I am more handsome than your father, but he's just more bold than I am. I mean, even I didn't have the guts to sneak to where the World Tree was and confess my love to your mother, after she found him peeking at her while she bathed in one of the hot springs around the World Tree. I mean… Bruh, what the f*ck?"

William rubbed his temple because the info dump was too much for him to handle. Aside from the projection, he hadn't been able to ever meet Max in his lifetime, so he didn't know what kind of man he was.

"So, did my mother beat him up after she caught him peeking at her?" William asked out of curiosity.

"Hah! I wish she did. But no. Arwen was too kind for that," Albert said with great regret and disappointment. "Anyway, let's not talk about your father. I'm here to help you break the restrictions on the Dungeon Conqueror class. I'm sure that you need this more than anything right now, no?"

William nodded his head firmly. Indeed. What he needed right now was a power that would shake the world to its very roots. Unlocking the powers of the Dungeon Conqueror would help him take the next step in his revenge, so he definitely wanted to use the inheritance that his father, Maxwell, had passed to him.

"Understood, but we need to return to the Central Continent and find a safe place for your breakthrough," Albert commented before looking at the Darkness that was expanding from the North end of the Demon Realm. "This is not a good place to do that."

"Okay, but there are still some places that I need to go, Fifth Master," William replied. "How about we meet up on the 51st Floor of the Tower of Babylon? I will wait for you there."

Albert shook his head. "No. I'm going with you. Although I don't like conflicts very much, I can't sit idly while my junior brother is getting bullied by a God."

William smirked. "Very well. Let's go, Fifth Master. Both of us are going to be busy."

"I knew you'd say that," Albert sighed before nodding his head.

With William in the lead, the two traveled Southwards towards the territory of the Rahjah Clan. This was William's last stop in the Demon Realm before he went back to the Central Continent to unlock the powers of the Dungeon Conqueror Prestige Class.

News of Ahriman's appearance, as well as the birth of the Heir and Prince of Darkness, had already spread all over the Central Continent.

The powers of the world were now moving behind the scenes. Those who didn't wish to be swept away by the waves had no choice but to escape, or be drowned by the approaching conflict that would shake the foundations of the world, and shatter the peace that they had taken for granted.