Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1103 After Everything Is Over, I Will Come To Find You

After leaving the Villa, William headed straight to the Magic Crystal Cavern where he had enshrined his wives.

When he arrived at his destination, he found Medusa, Gullinbursti, and Sharur leaning against Chiffon's ice block and crying their hearts out.

This was the first time that he had seen the trio together since the battle in the North.

William observed them from afar, and wished that he could cry the way they did. The little Gorgon had spent many days with Chiffon, and the pink-haired girl had taken good care of her. She never allowed Medusa to go hungry, and would always take her to the theme park to have fun.

Chiffon confided to him once, after one of their lovemaking sessions, that she had grown very attached to Medusa. At first, she treated the little Gorgon as a pet, but soon, their relationship became more close. In the end, although Medusa was older than her, Chiffon treated her as a little sister that she needed to take care of.

Perhaps, Medusa also felt this change in her relationship with the pink-haired girl, and also treated her like her family, aside from her two older gorgon sisters that she had left behind on the Island of Serifos.

"It's fine."VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Medusa felt a hand lightly pat her head as she hugged Chiffon's icy prison. Although the hand patting her head was a little cold, a warm feeling started to spread inside her chest.

"Will, promise me that you'll let me smash that bastard!" Sharur wailed as it pressed itself against its Master's body. "I was supposed to protect her, but I failed. I failed her!"

"Okay, I promise you," William replied as he also patted the crying mace who always kept his wife company whenever he was away. "I'll let you smash his face a thousand times."

"Yes…*hic* I will… *hic* smash him good!" Sharur replied in between sobs.

The little golden piglet also squealed as it rubbed its little head against William's foot. It greatly missed its Master who always carried it around and treated it well.

William picked up Gullinbursti and patted its head, while the latter buried itself in William's chest, bawling its eyes out.

'I'm sorry, Chiffon,' William said in his heart as he looked at his wife who had died for his sake. 'For the time being, these three will cry in my place. However, I will promise you, I will avenge you. It may not be today, it may not be tomorrow… but it will happen.'

William then reached out to caress the side of his adorable wife's face with as much love as he could muster in his current state.

"After everything is over, I will come to find you," William said softly. "Sidonie, Ashe, and Celine, I will come to find all of you. So until then, please, wait for me."

Medusa turned around to hug William as she buried her face in his chest next to Gullinbursti. Sharur also leaned its body on William, and bawled like there was no tomorrow.

William closed his eyes as he allowed his wife's loyal companions vent out the sadness in their hearts. For he knew that when all of their tears had dried up, it would be their enemies' turn to cry for forgiveness.

—---

Albert drank his mead as he lay on one of the branches of the tree that belonged to the Angray Birds.

The rainbow-colored birds, of course, didn't like what this uninvited guest was doing, but due to his relationship with William they didn't attack him.

They simply looked at the Half-Elf and cursed him, which the latter listened to with great interest.

"Wannabee Playboy!"

"D*ckface!"

"Small D*ck Bastard!"

"F*cking Simp!"

Albert laughed as he looked at the colorful birds who didn't hold back their curses for him.

"Go on, little birdies, give me your best shot," Albert teased the birds as he saluted them with his mug. "I can do this all day."

B1 and B2 exchanged a glance at each other before having a go at the arrogant Half-Elf who thought that he was immune to insults.

"There was a time when I read one of the letters that Lady Arwen had sent to William," B1 said as he talked to B2 who was looking at him with great interest.

"What did the letter say?" B2 asked.

Albert, who was drinking the mead from his mug, perked up his pointy ears because anything related to Arwen was important to him.

"She mentioned her husband's best friend, the Half-Elf one," B1 continued. "However, she said something that left an impression on me."

"Oh? What did he say about that Half-Elf?" B2 inquired.

"Come here, this is something that I can't say in public."

"Really? How curious!"

B2 moved closer to B1 as the latter whispered something in its ear.

Even though Albert was a Half-Elf and had very good hearing, he wasn't able to decipher the gibberish words that the two dumb birds were whispering to each other.

"She said what?!" B2 exclaimed before laughing out loud.

"I know, right?" B1 said as it too laughed and joined his friend.

"How can that be possible? Even MY… is bigger than his? Pfffft!"

"Hahaha! Not only that, she even said that *whisper whisper*."

"Holy Crap! So that's why Lady Arwen didn't choose that Half-Elf, it seems that he was *whisper whisper*".

Albert knew that the two dumb birds was just making things up, however, deep inside, he still held a tiny suspicion that what they were talking about was true.

However, before he could press the two birds for answers, he sensed William's presence headed to his direction.

A minute later, the Half-Elf landed on one of the branches with a smile on his face.

"Fifth Master, what are you doing here?" William asked with curiosity.

"Well, I just wanted some company," Albert replied.

"You could have visited the other Clans and talked to them if you wanted company."

"Well, I don't like 'that' kind of company."

William nodded in understanding because his Master had times when he just wanted to be alone to drink while reminiscing of old times.

"Fifth Master, we will be arriving at the Tower of Babylon in two days. Do I need to prepare anything for the unsealing of my powers?"

"No. I've already prepared the things you need. All you need to do is go through the motions."

William smiled as he sat on the branch. The Angray Birds decided to quiet down to let their Master have some peaceful moments because they knew that he had been through a lot over the past few days.

Albert glanced at his junior brother as he drank the mead from his mug. Truth be told, when Gavin told him that he now had a junior brother in Hestia, he was quite surprised. However, his shock knew no bounds when he discovered that his junior brother was also the son of his best friend and his unrequited love.

At first, he thought that Gavin was just joking, but after seeing William in the Kraetor Empire, Albert knew that his Patron God had told him the truth.

In truth, the Alchemist was feeling very guilty about what happened to William and his wives. On his way to the Demonic Continent, he blamed himself for not taking care of the task that was given to him by his best friend—to pass his legacy to his son.

Perhaps, it was also due to his jealousy of Maxwell that made Albert delay the unsealing of the black-haired teenager's Dungeon Conqueror Class, preventing him from finding an alternative to the dire situation that he had experienced.

Because of this, Albert was doing his best to make up for his shortcomings. For the time being, he decided to stick with William until he fought against the Heir of Darkness and the God of Demons who was prophesied to cover the world with darkness.

However, Albert believed that the black-haired teenager who was lying peacefully on the branch opposite his, was the one who posed the greatest danger to the world.

Even so, he liked to believe.

Believe in the boy who had become his Disciple, as well as Gavin's follower.

Because if his worst fears came to light…

Forget about Felix.

Forget about Ahriman.

William could single-handedly make all the nations of the world kneel before him in submission.

"Say, William, do you wish for Dominion?" Albert asked in a casual manner. He wanted to know the answer to his question.

"Dominion?" William chuckled. "I never cared about it in the past. Even now, I don't care about it."

"I see." Albert sighed in relief as he drank the rest of the mead in his mug.

The corner of William's lips curled up into a smile because he found Albert's question quite funny.

He never wished for Dominion because from the moment his soul was torn in half, and corrupted by the power of darkness, the world was already his for the taking.