Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1106 I Just hope I Chose The Right Side To Join

Eve sat cross-legged on top of the bed with her eyes closed. Several ducks lay down around her with their eyes closed as well.

A white goose lay on top of a chair and looked at Eve with concern. After its Master was abducted, he along with the ducklings were sent to the little girl's personal Domain, where they had been spared the attack of the enemies.

As David's chosen one, the God of Shepherds had also given Eve a portable Domain that she used to house her ducks, as well as the white goose, who was also one of her guardians, whenever she needed to perform rights in the Temple of Gods.

The White Goose thought that its Master was currently worried about her current state, and it had every right to think that. Not only were they captured by powerful beings, Its Master was also forced to become the High Priestess of Darkness, and her coronation would be held when morning came.

'This is too terrible,' the White Goose thought. 'Unfortunately, escape is impossible.'

Although the White Goose had no complaints about the Princess-like treatment that Eve was receiving from the Demon Race, it still couldn't come to terms with the current situation.

Felix, the green-haired Demon, who had been so arrogant in front of her in the past, had gone above and beyond to make sure that the two of them didn't meet each other. After being traumatized by David's one-sided beating, the Heir of Darkness knew that there were certain existences that mustn't be crossed, even with Ahriman backing him.

Because of this, Felix stayed in the West Wing of the Demon Palace, while Eve was in the East Wing. He had also sent people to watch her every move to make sure that their paths didn't cross no matter what.

Although he was very tempted to make William's cousin suffer, his near-death experience taught him that the girl was off-limits. Even Ahriman had made him understand that Eve's position in his eyes was equal to Felix, which solidified her position as an "untouchable".

Not only that, the Six-Eared Macaque had volunteered to become her personal bodyguard. Ahriman didn't see anything wrong with this proposal, so he agreed to it without batting an eye.

Truth be told, the Six Eared Macaque was a very cowardly Pseudo-God. Since his original home was the Celestial Realm, making a God his enemy was out of the question. This was why he intended to score some brownie points with David, so the latter would turn a blind eye to his transgressions when the time came for him to return to Heaven.

Even the Bull Demon King, Princess Iron Fan, and Da Peng had become very courteous of Eve, in the hope that David would also spare them once they returned to the Celestial Realm.

In short, no one in the Demon Realm dared to even touch a strand of Eve's hair, out of fear of facing the wrath of two Gods.

Although this was a very wonderful position, the White Goose couldn't find it in itself to be happy with their current situation.

"Don't worry so much, Zander," Eve said as she opened her eyes to look at her Guardian Beast, who was only at the peak of the Millennial Rank. "I'm fine. Also, His Excellency, David, talked to me just now. Big Brother has saved Big Sister Ariadne, along with Icarus and Daedalus. They are now recovering well."

"I see," Zander replied after breathing a sigh of relief.

Icarus and Daedalus had broken through the Myriad Rank, after getting the blessings from the Temple of the Gods, for protecting Eve and making sure that she completed her pilgrimage.

Back then, the White Goose was so smug because it felt that they were invincible. Although it knew of the existence of Demigods, the chances of meeting one were so little, that having two Myriad Beasts as bodyguards ensured that they could go anywhere unhindered.

In a way, Zander was spot on. No Demigods came to look for trouble for them.

Unfortunately, Pseudo-Gods did!

Zander still couldn't believe that its adorable Master would be coveted by existences never before seen in the World of Hestia.

Eve smiled as she lightly patted one of the ducks by her side. "Don't worry about me. Everything is fine."

"If you say so, Mistress," Zander replied as it closed its eyes to rest.

Judging by Eve's current expression, she had meant every word that she said. If she was saying that she was fine then it must be the case.

Eve disliked lying. In fact, whenever she lied, she felt that she had committed a terrible sin, which Zander found funny. For him, lying was as easy as breathing, so doing it didn't require too much effort.

In the end, the White Goose thought that Eve was still too young and innocent. She was still not aware of the Darkness of the Human Race, the Ruthlessness of the Demon Race, the Arrogance of the Elves, the Stubbornness of the Dwarves, as well as the different shortcomings of all the other races in the world.Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

For the most part, Zander was indeed correct. Eve was still young enough to not fully understand the complex world that she lived in.

However, Eve was certain of one thing. If anything bad happened to her, her family would part the seas, and move mountains in order to save her. This was something that she believed to be true.

A belief that was embedded in the very core of her being. This was also why she wasn't afraid. Even though she had parted from her caring, and doting, Big Sister Ariadne, due to circumstances outside of their control, she was still hopeful that they would be reunited again in the future.

The Six-Eared Macaque who was guarding outside her door, scratched one of his ears.

"If other girls were in her place, I'm sure that they would be crying, and panicking right now," the Six-Eared Macaque said softly. "It seems that their bloodline is quite formidable to produce a talent like this that is coveted by the Gods."

The Six-Eared Macaque had never seen such a child like Eve, and wondered if there was another one like her in the World of Hestia. If there was, the Pseudo-God was sure that they would also be treated as a special existence by the beings that stood above the Heavens.

"Still, I wonder, if that boy William will really be able to stand against Felix," the Six-Eared Macaque rubbed his chin as he pondered the future clash between the two.

One one side, Felix was now the Supreme Ruler of the Demon Realm. Behind him was a Primordial God that had made the world tremble when he was still at his peak.

On the other side, the black-haired teenager, who was now the Prince of Darkness, had no one to rely on. He found this match-up simply too one-sided and wondered if there really was a need to be too wary of such existence.

"I guess, I'll know this when the two of them meet again," the Six-Eared Macaque stated before scratching his ears. "I just hope I chose the right side to join. If not, well… I can always seek asylum as Eve's current protector. This would give me something to lean on when things go South. I'm such a genius!"

The Six-Eared Macaque flipped his hair like a gangster who was filled with confidence before it was caught by the cops. Even so, he believed that as long as he stuck with Eve, no matter which side won, he would still be safe from any repercussions.

This was the mentality it had developed long ago. As long as the possibility of survival existed, all bases must be covered to live that life peacefully. This was to ensure that even if the sky were to fall down when morning came, the Six-Eared Macaque would be able to stand tall, and laugh towards all adversaries, knowing that it had prepared for the worst.