Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1107 A Sublime Experience

"It's time," William said as he opened his eyes and lightly kissed Lilith's forehead that was resting on his shoulder.

The two were sharing a rare moment of intimacy after William had calmed down after learning about Eve's kidnapping.

"Soleil has arrived in the tower of Babylon?" Lilith asked as she looked at the black-haired teenager's haandsome face.

"Mmm. It just arrived."

"Understood."

The Amazon Princess stood up from William's lap and allowed him to stand. She knew that Wiliam needed to leave the Thousand Beast Domain, so that he could instantly teleport to the Tower of Babylon, bringing all of them with him.

In truth, Lilith was very curious about the floor that Wiliam had conquered. Back then, she thought that she was the strongest prodigy of the youngest generation after winning the Tournament of Champions.

Unfortunately, on that very same day, William's achievement gave her a slap on the face, overshadowing her victory, and making the entire tournament a lackluster event.

Back then, she didn't feel any resentment towards William. Instead, great curiosity welled up in her heart. The thought of giving birth to the strongest prodigy, as well as sharing him with her Amazonian sisters was the goal that she had set for herself when she went to find William.

Unfortunately, after encountering their future daughter in the Deadlands, Lilith scrapped her initial plans, and decided to monopolize William, no longer willing t o share him with the friends she had left back in her home country.

Lilith watched him go with a calm expression on her face. Although Wiliam had changed a lot after losing half of his soul, and becoming the Prince of Darkness, the love she felt for him remained the same.

For the Amazon Princess, that was all that mattered to her.

When William returned to the real world, he didn't waste a single second and instantly teleported to where Soleil was.

The spear hovered hundreds of meters beside the Tower, allowing William to see the sprawling city below it.

The Half-Elf was currently standing on top of Soleil's body, using it as some kind of floating platform. He looked down at the mortals that were happily living their lives, free from the knowledge that a powerful, and unstoppable wave—called war—would soon be sweepping over the land, making their happiness disappear like a fleeting dream.

"Ignorance is bliss," William muttered as he observed the people under his feet. "Enjoy it while it lasts."

Using his authority as one of the people who had conquered a floor of the tower, William instantly reappeared on the Floor of Asgard.

There, he found himself staring at the Bifrost Bridge, which led to the marvelous city that he had created from his memories.Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

"I'm home, Asgard," William said softly as he stepped on the Bifrost Bridge.

Instead of flying, or hurrying towards the castle, he took his time and walked on the shimmering bridge that had allowed him to meet Wendy, Chiffon, and Princess Aila in his past life. Although two out of the three women had become his wives, and the last one was still undecided, the Half-Elf was quite thankful that he was able to be with them in his current life as well.

"Me in my past life, believed in happy endings," William muttered as he walked steadily over the rainbow bridge. "Where did that lead me? A front row seat to the end of the world. Thinking back, I don't know if I was lucky or unlucky. Being the last one to see the world burn until nothing was left, was certainly a privilege that not many could witness."

The black-haired teenager chuckled after remembering that particular scene. He was dying in the arms of a beautiful blonde Elf, whom he promised to reunite with, but failed to do so because he died an early death.

"Acedia." William sighed. "That is certainly one regret that I should correct in this lifetime. So, you are waiting for me at the roots of the World Tree? What a coincidence, I plan to go there as well."

The Primordial Goddess had told him that the Spring of Life was located at the roots of the World Tree. There, he could place the bodies of his wives, and allow them to become revitalized. Although she didn't say anything else, the unspoken promise between them made William believe that all was not lost, and he could reunite with his beloved wives once again.

"But, for that to happen, I need to kill Felix first," William said in a cold and indifferent tone. "Ahriman will not be spared either. I wonder, what the blood of a God tastes like? It must be very nutritious to say the least."

It was at that moment when a teasing tone reached William's ears.

"It seems that your appetite has grown a lot. Now, you're thinking of drinking the blood of a God. Are you not afraid that all of your teeth will break if you attempt to do that?"

William smiled as he caressed the Obsidian Gem on his chest.

"Regardless of the outcome, it is still a worthwhile thought. Don't you think so as well, Your Excellency?" William asked as he continued to walk towards his destination.

"Perhaps," the Primordial Goddess replied, not agreeing to nor denying William's words. "Well, I don't know about the part of allowing you to drink my blood, but, my Avatar will be more than willing to offer you her blood.

"She is already in the city, but she will wait until you finish your awakening. Business before pleasure, my Prince. You can have all the pleasure you want once your business is finished."

The smile on William's face grew wider as he took the last step on the bridge, reaching land.

"Then, I look forward to drinking the blood of your Avatar, Your Excellency," William replied. "I'm sure that it will be a sublime experience. I am already looking forward to it."

"As am I, My Prince… As am I."

William's smile widened after seeing his Uncle Morgan waiting for him at the gates of Asgard. It seemed that the current Commander of the Red Plague had sensed his arrival, and immediately came to meet him.

Morgan's eyes observed his nephew from head to toe before nodding his head in greeting.

He was not aware of what happened in the North, and didn't know why William's hair color had changed. All he knew was that his nephew had returned to the Floor of Asgard, and his responsibility as its steward would now be over.