Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1109 You're Not Going To Join Us, Right?

Somewhere on the Floor of Asgard, a woman with long black hair, and a veil that covered her face, sat on the balcony of the room she was staying in. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

After William left the Floor of Asgard, James had struck a deal with different businessmen to help make the city prosper.

Although it was only in its infant stages, a small city had already been formed on the 51st Floor. With the Castle of Asgard in the backdrop, the city had attracted many hopeful individuals that had climbed the tower to challenge the floors of Babylon.

As the Floor that held the path that led to the 52nd Floor, those who once had lost their will to climb the tower again, felt their blood boiling in anticipation.

There was a one-year grace period before the floors beyond the 50th Floor would open after it was captured. Six months remained before the doors of the 52nd Floor opened, and many people had already gathered on the 51st Floor in preparation for their next adventure.

"Who would have thought that the Prophecies from the Demon Continent and the Silvermoon Continent were not the same as people believed it to be?" the veiled woman said softly. "Fortunately, my gut instinct told me to wait and prevented my Organization from siding with the Heir of Darkness."

Back then, the veiled woman felt that Felix was not the person that they were waiting for. She didn't understand why she felt that way, but due to her hesitation, her subordinates felt that they were just wasting time by not making contact with the green-haired Prince that was prophesied to rule over the world.

Even so, because of her authority as the Supreme Pontifex, her word was law. Even though they felt disgruntled about her decision, they did not dare to voice their opposition. Only fools would do that, and they were no fools.

"Strange… for some reason, I am feeling excited to meet this boy called William," the veiled woman couldn't understand why she was feeling such powerful emotions of longing for someone that she had only heard of in the past.

Her name was Nisha. She hailed from one of the Empires in the Central Continent. Although she was only of common birth, her beauty had caused many people to target her and her family. She was a Half-Elf born from an elven father, and a human mother.

Although they tried to live an almost hermit life, free from the troubles of the common folk, trouble seemed to follow them wherever they went.

One time, when she was young and still naive of the world, she defied her parents' reminder to not leave the mountains and go to the nearby town.

She didn't know that this single moment of rebelliousness would cause her to be kidnapped, and almost sold as a slave. Her parents were able to save her in time, and flee the town. However, the slave trader's organization hunted them down.

Due to this, her peaceful and happy life was ruined. Her parents died while fleeing with her to the next empire. Although they were both strong adventurers, the Slave Traders hired some powerful mercenaries that killed both of them without any mercy.

When it was Nisha's turn to be captured, she blacked out.

A few hours later, she woke up surrounded by the corpses of her parent's killers, as well as those who had ordered her capture. She didn't know who killed them, but growing up, she had similar episodes of losing consciousness and waking up only to find that her enemies had been killed.

In time, she built Deus with the noble cause of helping the oppressed and to strike back at those who wish them ill. Unfortunately, as time passed, the noble cause disappeared, and was replaced by the desire to bring chaos to the world, and watch it burn from the sidelines

"It's too late to go back," Nisha muttered as she stared at the castle of Asgard in the distance. "I hope that you don't disappoint us, My Prince."

—-

William sat cross legged in the center of a magic circle.

Smoke was oozing out of his body as several runic characters appeared on its surface. Albert watched this scene from the side with a calm expression on his face.

Soon more runic symbols materialized around William and danced around his body. Beads of sweat formed on his forehead as the unsealing ceremony reached its critical phase.

Half a minute later, the sound of peeling bells echoed inside the room. One by one, the runic letters dancing around William, embedded themselves in his body until none were left.

Albert rang the bell in his hand several more times, and a distinct cracking sound reverberated inside the surroundings.

Golden chains appeared around William, and cracks appeared on their surface. Soon, all the chains shattered like broken glass and fell to the ground, where they disappeared into nothingness.

Then it happened. A miniature shockwave, with William at its center swept through the room, making the clothes on Albert's body flutter.

"Congratulations, you are officially the only Dungeon Conqueror in Hestia," Albert stated. "How do you feel?"

William opened his eyes and looked at his Fifth Master with a smile that showed his fangs.

"Hungry," William replied. "Very hungry."

"Sorry, but my blood is very precious to me. Go bite someone else."

"Master, I only drink the blood of women. You're not even in my strike zone."

William and Albert stared at each other for a while before chuckling at the same time. Both of them were in a good mood because they finally accomplished the things that they needed to do.

"You go do your stuff," Albert said as he shooed William away with his hands. "I will go to the town at the base of the Tower to find something good to drink. Only find me if you are planning to leave the Floor of Asgard. I will come with you."

William rolled his eyes because he knew that his Master wasn't only leaving the tower to go find himself something to drink, he was also leaving to go look for some women as well.

'Well, it's not like I'm any better,' William thought wryly as he went to the Thousand Beast Domain to quench the sudden thirst he felt after unlocking the power of the Dungeon Conqueror.

Right now, William could sense the location of every Dungeon within a thousand-mile radius around him. Also, for some reason, he could feel that these Dungeons were feeling wary about him.

It was as if they were afraid that he would choose to visit them, and make them submit to his will.

'So, this is what it feels like to have power over the lives of others,' William thought as he walked towards his Villa. 'Not bad.'

As soon as he entered the room, he found Vesta, talking to a pretty lady with light-brown hair, and green eyes. The single horn on her forehead was enough to tell her what clan she belonged to.

"Anh, so you're here, perfect," William said with a smile as he addressed Polox's granddaughter. "I need your help with something."

"Of course, Lord William." Anh politely bowed her head. "As long as you wish for it, Anh is willing to do anything I can to help."

Vesta eyed William with a frown. "You reek of bloodthirst."

"Is it that obvious?" William sniffed the air around him because he didn't know how Vesta was able to tell that he was indeed feeling bloodthirsty.

"It's not about the smell." Vesta replied before covering her lips in disdain. "It's about the look in your eyes when you look at us. Clearly, those are the eyes of someone who wishes to eat something. Since the only thing you consume is blood, it was quite obvious what you need."

"Ah. So that's it." William nodded his head in understanding. "Um, Vesta, do you mind if I taste your blood too? I've always wondered what you taste like."

"In your dreams," Vesta rolled her eyes. "Do you think I'm that cheap?"

"Tsk! You're just a freeloader and you think you're some kind of a bigshot." William snorted. "Come, Anh. Let's leave this menopausal lady here and go to my room. "Don't worry. It will only hurt at first. Charmaine and the others will attest that it will feel good later."

Anh nodded her head with a smile. "Fret not, Lord William. I am here to serve you, so you don't have to be overly courteous with me. Anh understands her position."

William scratched his head because Polox's granddaughter had always been like this. She placed herself in a lower standing whenever she was in front of the Half-Elf, making him unable to know what to do with her.

"Charmaine, come with us as well," William said as his personal maid appeared in the living room.

"Should I call the others?" Charmaine asked with an expression that was filled with anticipation.

"No," William replied. "It is Anh's first time. I don't want her to be too conscious of her surroundings. Let's get her used to it first before we let the others join her."

"Understood." Charmaine nodded as she walked towards Anh to hold her hand. "Come with me, Lady Anh. I will guide you to Lord William's room."

"Thank you, Charmaine," Anh replied as she allowed William's personal maid to guide her.

William followed behind the two pretty girls, but stopped after taking over a dozen steps.

"Um, why are you following us?" William asked as he turned his head to look at Vesta who was right behind his back.

"I'm just going to observe," Vesta replied. "Charmaine would often say that having her blood drunk felt good, so I wanted to see if her claims were true or not."

"You're just going to spectate, right?"

"Yes."

"You're not going to join us, right?"

"I won't join."

"Okay." William nodded his head. He didn't mind allowing Vesta to observe because she and Anh had become friends. It was only normal for her to be curious about what would happen to her friend, so William didn't think much of it.

As the four people entered William's room, he made sure to close the door shut behind him. Right now, he only wanted to drink blood, and that was the only thing he would do until the thirst he felt had been sated.