Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1110 It Seems That You Won't Be Eating Rabbit Stew Tonight

(Disclaimer: Minor R-18 scenes.)

Anh's body shuddered after William's fangs sank into her neck. This was the first time that the Half-Elf had drunk her blood, and she thought that it would be terribly painful. However, she was willing to endure it for the sake of her clan.

After suffering for many years, Anh had vowed to herself that she would do her best to ensure that her family and her people would live peaceful lives, even if she had to sacrifice herself for it.

She had prepared herself for pain, but she wasn't prepared for the unexpected pleasure that washed over her body like relentless waves, making her feel a feeling that she had never felt before.

A minute later, she felt and heard William kiss her neck before pulling back.

"Anh, you are trembling so much that I was afraid that my fangs might go deeper than they should," William said softly as she looked at the pretty Demon with tender eyes. "Did it hurt you that much?"

Anh shook her head. "No. I only felt pain at the beginning then it felt really good. I'm sorry, Lord William. In truth, my body is more sensitive than others, so the stimulation made my body move subconsciously."

"Ah, so that's it." WIlliam nodded in understanding. "Look, even your clothes are now dyed in blood."

The upper part of Anh's clothes had a red stain on it because of the blood that trickled out due to her trembling.

Vesta, who was watching from the side, asked her friend if it really felt that good, and the latter nodded her head in affirmation.

"That must have been the best feeling I have felt in my entire life," Anh said with a face that was already as red as a tomato.

Charmaine, who was seated beside Anh on the bed, smiled before taking off her clothes, which surprised Anh and Vesta.

"It's my turn now, Master," Charmaine said with eyes filled with affection.

William nodded his head before kissing Charmaine's lips. He had already accepted her feelings for him, and although they still hadn't crossed that line, it wouldn't be long before the black-haired teenager did it with her.

After the kiss ended, William lowered his head to kiss Charmaine's right breast and lightly bit the pink tip that had started to perk up due to excitement.

Vesta and Anh, who were still chaste maidens, had different reactions to what William was doing to his personal maid.

Anh covered her eyes, but her fingers were parted in order to take a peek on what the handsome Half-Elf was doing to the pretty Elf that wore nothing on her body.

Vesta, on the other hand, looked without covering her eyes, with a calm expression on her face. However, if one were to look closely, they could see that her cheeks had reddened a bit.

Charmaine arched her body back, as if to offer herself to the Master that she had served for many years, and the latter accepted her offering with happiness.

The two maidens watched how William's fangs embedded themselves on the upper part of Charmaine's right breast and drew blood.

The pretty Elf sighed as she held onto William's neck, basking in the euphoria that she had grown to love.

Anh unconsciously gulped after seeing this scene. As someone that had experienced that wave of pleasure, she understood more than anything how it felt. However, a new thought appeared in the pretty demon's head.

If it already felt good being bitten on the neck, would it feel better if other parts of her body were bitten? This thought made Anh shudder because of her sensitive body. She didn't know what would happen if William were to do something similar to what he was doing to Charmaine to her.

All she knew was that if it felt as good as what she had felt earlier, she might lose herself in that feeling and clasp unto William, like Charmaine was at the moment.

Vesta lightly tugged on Anh's clothes catching her attention.

"Does it really feel that good?" Vesta asked.

"Yes," Anh replied honestly. "It feels really good."

The one-horned Demon could see that the tips of Vesta's ears had already reddened due to the scene that she was witnessing. After getting her answer, both girls shifted their attention back on the Half-Elf who seemed to be enjoying the blood offering that was being given to him.

William drank blood for five minutes, but for the two maidens, it felt like days. Finally after having his fill, Wiliam licked the wound clean before kissing it, healing it completely.

"Thank you," William said as he pulled Charmaine close to him to give her a kiss on the lips.

The two kissed passionately for a while before Charmaine became bold and pushed William back on the bed.

"Master, please…," Charmaine said as if possessed. She then cupped William's face, and lowered her head to kiss him repeatedly on the lips.

"Charmaine, at least, let's make the peanut gallery leave first," William replied with a mischievous look on his face as he used his chin to point at the two ladies whose faces had now turned a deeper shade of red.

Charmaine looked at Vesta and Anh absentmindedly before an "Oh" escaped her lips. She then moved to the side to allow William to prop himself up to a sitting position.

"Seen enough?" William asked as he looked at the two girls with a devilish smile on his face. "Are you going to leave, or do you plan to join the two of us? As you can see, my bed is big enough for all of us. I don't mind teaching the two of you the pleasures of being a woman."

Vesta and Anh exchanged a glance before standing up to go to the door. The two of them left, but Anh gave William one last glance before leaving the room. Her face was still beet-red but her eyes held a sense of curiosity that didn't escape William's and Charmaine's gaze.

"She might really have a sensitive body, Master," Charmaine said as she took off William's shirt. "It might be worthwhile to train her."VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"I don't know about that," William replied. "Drinking her blood is fine, but doing more than that… I don't think so. Also, Lilith, Chloee, and you, are enough for me."

The Half-Elf's voice became deep as she held onto Charmaine's body.

"Are you sure you want to do this?" William asked. "You can still turn back, you know?"

Charmaine shook her head as she met her Master's gaze steadily. "I have waited for many years for this moment, Master. Please, embrace me."

William smiled as she laid her gently on the bed. He then showered her with kisses, until every part of her body had been marked by his lips.

Soon, Charmaine's sweet sighs of pleasure echoed inside the room. The moment William took her maidenhood, the pain filled her heart with pleasure because she finally belonged to him.

As William and Charmaine tumbled on the sheets, the two ladies returned to the living room. The two of them still hadn't recovered from the scene that they had witnessed, and a seed of curiosity had started to grow inside their hearts and minds.

It was at this moment when Chloee entered the living room and asked if the girls had seen William. Thinking that it was a good opportunity to set William up, Vesta told Chloee where he was.

Chloee thanked her and headed straight towards William's bedroom. The green-haired lady then followed the black-haired succubus in order to see how the situation was going to turn out.

Out of curiosity, Anh followed her as well.

When Chloee opened the door of William's room, Vesta and Anh thought that William would immediately stop what he was doing, but Chloee didn't bat an eye and entered the room, closing the door behind her.

Vesta and Anh exchanged a glance before pressing their ears over the door in order to listen to the commotion that was happening inside.

"To the two little bunnies that are listening outside the door, you have two choices." William's teasing voice reached their ears. "Either you leave quietly… or I drag both of you here inside the room to join us. I'll count up to ten. One… two… three…"

Just before William was about to count to four, he heard the sound of running in the hallways. Chloee who was seated on the bed beside him covered her seductive lips and giggled.

"It seems that you won't be eating rabbit stew tonight," Chloee said.

"I don't mind," William replied as he pulled Chloee close to give her a kiss, while his hips continued to move to bring Charmaine to her limit. "I'll just eat Charmaine for now, and have you for dessert."

"Sounds like a plan," Chloee smiled as she hugged William's neck. "It seems that you will be taking our firsts tonight."

"You don't like it?"

"I like."

A minute later, a sigh of pleasure escaped Charmaine's lips as William released his seed inside of her. She had been waiting for this moment for many years, and her wish had finally been granted.

A wish that William would mark her, and her womb, as his own.