Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1111 Invitation For A Meeting

When William opened his eyes the next morning, he found two seductive ladies sleeping naked beside him.

The two girls held him in a firm embrace, as they slept soundly in his arms.

Originally, he hadn't planned to take their first time together, but somehow, one thing led to another and the Half-Elf was swept away by the flow and the passion of the two girls who loved him very much.

The black-haired teenager smiled mischievously as his two naughty fingers explored the forbidden fruits of the two beautiful ladies who were pretending to be asleep.

Just as he expected, his naughty fingers were able to get a reaction from Charmaine and Chloee, who had both still been maidens till a few hours ago. It only took William five minutes to make the two ladies squirm under his touch, which led to a beautiful spring morning.

Two hours later, William left the Thousand Beast Domain with a relaxed smile on his face. As he was about to look for his Fifth Master, Albert, he found Lilith talking with the Amazon delegation stationed on the Floor of Asgard.

The Amazon Princess had a serious expression on her face as she talked to her people about the current affairs of the Amazon Empire.

William thought that something was wrong, so he decided to ask what was happening. It was then when he learned that the Amazon Empire had sent a thousand of its warriors to the Kora Empire, which bordered several Demonic Teleportation Gates, just like the one Wiliam and his entourage used to arrive at Joash's Stronghold.

"I see." William rubbed his chin. "Did Joash communicate with the various rulers of the Central Continent?"

Lilith nodded. "Yes. He also asked us to give his forces peaceful passage once the defenses of his Fortress were breached. Although no signs of the Demonic Army can be seen at the moment, Joash said that it might only take Felix a month, or two, to gather an army to attack his Fortress."

William could only smile wryly because he knew that once the Fortress was breached, the Central Continent would be hard pressed to contain the Demonic Invasion.

Although Joash had already taken control of several teleport stations and assigned his men to guard them, it would still be useless in the end. The Demon Army had built several hidden teleportation gates that even Joash didn't know about.

Even if he were to destroy the ones that were under his control, it would still be in vain if he didn't destroy the hidden ones as well.

Joash knew this as well, but there was nothing he could do. Luciel didn't trust him enough to tell him all the locations of the portals that had been secretly built over the years. The only thing he could do was to buy time for the Central Continent to mount a defensive counterattack in order to push them back.

"How about you, Your Excellency. Do you have any plans for the Demonic Invasion?" one of the Amazons who had known Lilith for a long time asked. She also knew that their Princess was now William's fiance, and they were serious in their relationship.

"Of course, I have a plan," William replied, "but I can't tell you about it. For now, I will make my preparations, just like everyone else. I wish you all goodluck in your endeavors."

The Amazon could only nod her head to acknowledge William's words. She and her team then bid their Princess goodbye before leaving to send Lilith's message to her mother, Empress Andraste, back in the Amazon Empire.

When it was only William and Lilith left in the hallway, the Amazon Princess gave the black-haired teenager a hug.

"It seems that you had fun with Charmaine and Chloee last night," Lilith said as she held William in a firm hug.

"Yes," William replied. "It wasn't my intention, but it somehow ended up that way."

"I believe you."

"Thank you."

William planted a kiss on Lilith's forehead before looking at her with a serious gaze.

"Starting tomorrow, I will visit the dungeons around the Central Continent, especially the ones near the border," William stated. "How about you? What do you plan to do?"

"I will stay here on the Floor of Asgard," Lilith replied as she lightly touched her earring. "Since I can come to the Thousand Beast Domain anytime I want, it will be best if I stay here in order to stay updated with the news. That way, I can relay the recent events to you."

"Understood," William replied as he, too, lightly touched the earring in his ear. Both earrings allowed them to communicate with each other over great distances, and allowed Lilith to freely travel to the Thousand Beast Domain.

Not only that, they also had other special functions, but they only worked if they were near each other.

The two held each other for a few more minutes before they parted ways. They understood that they had their own roles to play, and both were important.

The rulers of each floor of the Tower of Babylon had also been informed of the current situation. William thought that it would be better to not leave them in the dark, so they could take preventive measures to keep their Domain from being invaded by Demons.

In the end, the Guardians of the Tower created a special place where all the leaders were to meet in order to discuss their course of action.

William was also invited, and the Half-Elf happily accepted it. During the meeting, the black-haired teenager was the one who told everyone about what had happened in the Demon Continent, which made the rulers doubt whether he was telling the truth or not.

Frankly, William didn't care what they thought because it was none of his business to know what they planned to do in their own Domain. He had already made a declaration that the Floor of Asgard would not allow anyone to enter its Domain a month from now.

This was to ensure that no Demon would be able to create problems for his Domain, while he was away. As long as the Floor Master willed it, no one could enter his Domain unless he gave his tacit approval.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Some of the other Floor Masters thought that this was a good idea, and imitated William's declaration. Of course, there were others who thought that he was just spouting off a bunch of nonsense, and treated the whole affair as a joke.

When the meeting ended, he decided to temporarily pass the authority of the Floor of Asgard to Lilith, while he was away.

After tying up the loose ends, William was about to call it a day when a black bird that materialized out of nowhere, landed on his shoulder.

William noticed that there was a note tied on its leg, so he took it, making the bird disappear without a trace.

The black-haired teenager arched an eyebrow after reading its contents. There were no greetings, or any other messages on the piece of paper except for two things.

A time and place.

William smiled because the Primordial Goddess had told him this information beforehand. Unlike Ella, the Primordial Goddess had managed to create her own natural born avatar in Hestia.

If she wished for it, she could descend into her avatar for a limited period of time. She could also use a fraction of her power during her possession, which allowed her to do many things.

However, she couldn't push her avatar's limit to that of a Pseudo-God, for fear of it breaking. Being able to wield the power of a Demigod was a simple matter to her.

William was curious about what kind of person the Primordial Goddess' avatar was. The Goddess had told him that her avatar had lived a normal life in Hestia, without knowing about her existence.

The Half-Elf found this method intriguing and looked forward to meeting the leader of the organization that had almost pushed the Southern Continent to the brink of collapse.