Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

A woman with long black hair, and wearing a veil to cover her face sat on the balcony as she sipped her tea.

She was looking directly at the magnificent castle of Asgard that looms in the distance. Although she had seen many castles in the Central Continent, she had to admit that it was quite a marvelous sight to see.

It was at this moment when she saw a black mist fly in her direction. The woman smiled because William had come earlier than their scheduled appointment.

"You're quite early, Lord Ainsworth, or should I call you, His Highness?" the woman asked in a polite, and respectful tone.

"Lord Ainsworth?" William chuckled as the blackmist gathered and materialized to form the handsome Half-Elf. "This is too formal. Also, if you call me Lord Ainsworth, I feel the hairs on the back of my neck stand on end. Just call me William or Will. No need to be formal since we are on the same side."

"No, Lord William," the woman corrected. "We're not on the same side. At least, not yet."

"Is that so?" William smiled as he sat in front of the woman that was wearing a veil. "Since you asked me out on a date, I thought that this is already a done deal."

"Hardly, this is just the start of our negotiations."Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

"Negotiations? Go on. I'd like to hear your proposal."

The woman stared at the black-haired teenager who had a relaxed smile on his face. Through her veil, she could sense that William was oozing with confidence. Also, he didn't even ask why she was wearing a veil, nor did he order her to take it off so that he could see her face.

Usually the rulers, the head of the families, as well as the Overlords, whom she had met in the past, would always ask this of her. Naturally, she declined their requests because she didn't want anyone to see her face.

Even her closest aides in Deus didn't know what she looked like.

"First, I would like to hear Lord William's plan," the woman asked. "What is it that you want?"

"What I want is really simple," William answered. "The first one is to find a way to revive my wives. The second is revenge, the third? Well that can wait after I'm finished dealing with Felix and Ahriman," William answered. "Unfortunately, the thing I wanted the most is impossible to achieve at this point. That leaves dealing with Felix and Ahriman first."

"I see…, love is a wonderful thing," the woman said dreamily as she eyed the Half-Elf.

"It is," William replied with a smile.

Nisha had been evaluating William with a critical eye. Right now, their Organization was torn on whom to support. The Heir of Darkness, or the Prince of Darkness. Both of their prophecies said that they would conquer the world, but if there are two conquerors, which one would triumph over the other?

"Tell me, Lord William, are you interested in creating a new world order?" Nisha asked.

"New world order?" William rested the side of his face on his right fist. "Sounds exciting. Are you planning to be the Empress of this world?"

"I don't dare to even consider that, Lord William," Nisha replied. "I only want to right what is wrong, and ensure that the innocent will no longer suffer. A world where everyone will be free and no slaves will be sold to and abused by their new Masters. I wish for that kind of world, Lord William."

"I see." William nodded. "You must be delusional then."

The Half-Elf chuckled as he took the teacup on the table and took a sip from it. After tasting it once, he returned the cup to its plate and eyed Nisha with eyes filled with mischief.

Nisha didn't even bother to look at her teacup that the black-haired teenager in front of her had taken a drink from. A frown had appeared on her beautiful face due to William's words. This was one of the rare occasions that she was thankful that she was wearing a veil to hide her current expression.

"Delusional? Such a harsh word, don't you think so, Lord William?" Nisha inquired.

"Not really," William answered with a teasing smile. "I'll tell you upfront, the world you want is not going to become a reality. Take for example Felix and Ahriman. All they want is to make the entire world submit to their will. Both of them are Demons, and their Demonic tendencies will be the law that rules this world… that is if they managed to conquer it.

"Do you honestly believe that someone like you, can make them change their minds? You're talking with the Primordial God that started the Dark Era of this world. If you really think that you can convince them to make your dreams a reality then you should really slap yourself in the face. That way, you will wake up from your delusions."

Nisha didn't reply, instead she took a sip from the cup that William had drunk from earlier. After emptying the cup, she shifted her attention on the castle of Asgard and sighed.

"The reason why I wanted to meet with you is because my instincts are telling me that what Felix and Ahriman can't do for me, you can make it a reality," Nisha commented. "But, looking at you, I can already see you just sitting on a throne, and ordering people to manage your Domain for you, while flirting with your wives. Such an irresponsible ruler. You don't have what it takes to rule the world."

"And that makes me the perfect candidate, right?" William asid with a smirk. "Since I'm the type that just allows my subordinates to manage things for me, that means that they can do whatever they want, while carrying out their goals, using my name. That must be a dream come true for you, no?"

Nisha chuckled before shifting her attention back to William.

"So, do we have a deal?" Nisha asked.

"That will depend if you can satisfy me," William answered. "What can you offer me in return?"

"I can give you everything."

"Where do I sign?"

The woman, and the black-haired teenager stared at each other. Although a veil stood between the two of them, both understood that each side was only being half serious with their words.

"I guess, it's time for another round of negotiation," Nisha said as she walked back to her room. "Come, Sir William. They said that talks of conquest are better discussed in the bedroom."

William chuckled as he stood up to look at the lady who had already removed the veil from her face.

"Whoever said those words, should be given an award," William said as he moved towards the black-haired woman, whose beauty could bring down nations. "I hope that we will be able to discuss a lot of things."

Nisha took off her dress and made an inviting gesture. "I hope for that as well, Lord William."

William smiled as he held the mature beauty in his embrace. Nisha's right pupil had started to turn a golden color. Clearly, a certain Primordial Goddess thought that this was a good opportunity to descend to Hestia, and have a taste of the fruits of all of her hard work.