Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1114 What Can You Tell Us About The Prince of Darkness?

For the first time in many years, all the Rulers of the different kingdoms, empires, and influential families were gathered in a magical conference, hosted by Hestia Academy.

Byron was an influential person, and had left communication crystals with all the leaders of the Central Continent, as well as the Silvermoon Continent.

Because of this, he was able to make this grand conference possible. None of the rulers had to leave their respective kingdoms. All they needed to do was activate the artifact that Byron had left them in order to participate in an important discussion regarding the looming crisis that was about to start in the Demonic Continent.

"I'm sure that all of you gathered here have already been told that the Demonic and the Elven Prophecies have come to pass," Byron said as countless eyes looked at him through the projections that surrounded him.

Although some were still skeptical, Byron's position as the Headmaster of Hestia Academy gave weight to his words. All of them listened to him with varying interests as he continued his explanation.

"The Heir of Darkness, Felix Gremory, is now in the midst of uniting the Demon Clans in order to raise an army to strike beyond the borders of the Demon Realm," Byron explained. "There are two possible targets, the first one is the Central Continent, and the second one is the Silvermoon Continent.

"Regardless of who he plans to deal with first, we should unite under one banner in order to prevent him from getting his way."

One of the king's, whose kingdom was located at the Southwestern edge of the Central Continent, chuckled.

"Headmaster, even if the Demons did manage to raise an army, I doubt that they would be stupid enough to attack the Central Continent," the king said. "Most likely, their target will be the Silvermoon Continent because they are easier to defeat."

The members of the Elven Council, who were also invited in the meeting, frowned at the Human king who had a carefree smile on his face.

"I'm sure that you wouldn't be smiling if your Kingdom bordered the Demon Continent," the Emperor of the Kora Empire, Fannar Kora, sneered. "It must be nice to be so far away from the immediate area of conflict."

The king of the Southwestern Kingdom gave Fannar a teasing smile as he replied to his words.

"Well, it can't be helped," the King replied. "It's not my problem."

Fannar snorted at the King who was quite far from his reach. Everyone in the conference knew that if the Emperor of Kora had his way, he would have already made plans to send an expedition to conquer the territory of the arrogant King who didn't know his place.

However, before the situation escalated, Byron's steady and firm voice reached everyone's ears.

"It is very easy to think that you will not be involved in the war that is about to transpire," Byron said. "However, now is not the time for conflicts. Naturally, I will not force any of you to help if you really do not want to, but know this…. Those who will not participate in this endeavor will be ignored by the Alliance, if and when they need help in any form."

The Headmaster of Hestia Academy smiled as he scanned the faces of the different people that were looking at him at the moment.

"Verbal agreements will also not be entertained," Byron added. "During this time, we need sufficient manpower to deal with this crisis. Saying your support, and not acting on it will be treated as a major offense in the Alliance. Isn't that right, Your Excellency?"

A middle-aged woman wearing a papal gown appeared beside Byron. She was holding a golden staff in her hand as she gave the King who had a carefree manner a side-long glance.​

"Yes," the middle-aged woman said. "Those who do not fully participate in this grand undertaking will be tossed aside. I will personally deal with them. If and when I deemed that they didn't have any goodwill in regards to the alliance, they will be labeled as heretics by the Holy Order of Light."

The King who had a carefree smile earlier suddenly became serious when he heard the Pope's subtle threat.

The reason he didn't take the matter seriously was because the Demon Continent was far away from his kingdom. Also, Byron was only the Headmaster of an academy. No matter how great its reputation, his Kingdom also had its own academy where the elites of his kingdom studied.

He didn't find it worthwhile to flatter the Headmaster who was known to be a pacifist.

However, the Holy Order of Light was a different matter. Every ruler knew that under their Righteous Cause was a darkness that wouldn't lose to the underworld criminals that lurked in their respective Domains.

Unlike Byron, the Holy Order of Light was not known to show any mercy for those who do not agree with their vision. Of course, during times of peace, their stance was through diplomacy, but, during times of war, they could easily send an elite force to assassinate any member of the royal family in order to make them align with their goals.

The middle-aged woman's appearance changed the atmosphere of the room, which made the rulers, especially those who were very far away from the borders of the Demon Continent, take this matter more seriously.

Byron took this opportunity to return everyone's attention to the strategy that they wanted to achieve. "Right now, several Kingdoms and Empires have agreed to send reinforcements to the Empire of Kora, which has the highest chance of getting invaded first. Our Academy has already fought against the forces of the Heir of Darkness in the North, and I will tell you what kind of enemies we will be facing against.

"According to the information we gathered, the Heir of Darkness has four Pseudo-Gods, and two Demigods under his command. Just as the name implies, they are stronger than Demigods and are much more dangerous. With them aiding the Heir of Darkness, resisting their advance will be extremely difficult."Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

At the mention of the Pseudo-Gods, everyone's faces turned grim. They were well aware of how strong Demigods were, and had treated them as the Apex Creatures of the world. However, after hearing that there were creatures that were stronger than the Demigods, they felt that the Heir of Darkness posed a serious threat to the world.

"Isn't the hurdle too big?" the Patriarch of one of the most influential families in the Central Continent spoke. "If we are really facing Pseudo Gods, then sending our armies to fight against them is a futile endeavor. We will just be slaughtered like pigs."

"True," Byron replied. "So, should we just allow Felix to conquer our lands unhindered? Should we just kneel and submit to him? I will assure you that once this is over, there will be no Kings, or Emperors in this world. It will only be the Heir of Darkness who will rule over us all."

As everyone pondered Byron's words, a light cough caught everyone's attention.

All eyes turned towards the Elven Council who had remained quiet until now.

"We already know about the Heir of Darkness," one of the Elven Elders said. "What can you tell us about the Prince of Darkness? Surely, you have information about him, right?"

For the Elves, the Heir of Darkness was already bad news because the Demons had long wished to conquer their Domain. However, the Prince of Darkness was a Prophecy that was made by their Elven Oracle. In their eyes, the Prince was just as troublesome as the Heir, and they needed all available information about him.

Byron glanced at the middle-aged woman beside him, and the latter just shrugged. Clearly, she didn't want to be the one to tell the news to the Elven Council.

"We do have information about the Prince of Darkness," Byron replied.

"Give us his name," the Elven Elder requested.

Byron sighed as he looked at the Elves who were watching him with serious expressions on their faces. He could understand their concern because they might be facing the brunt of two prophecies at the same time.

"The Prince of Darkness is none other than the son of the previous Dungeon Conqueror, as well as the Saintess of the World Tree," Byron said with a solemn expression on his face. "His name is…

"William Von Ainsworth."