Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1116 I Like To Break The Rules

A month passed since Celeste had left the Floor of Asgard to return to Hestia Academy.

So far, her search yielded no results, but she didn't stop searching. After she had read all the books in the restricted area of Hestia Academy, she went to the Palace of Light to seek the answers she was looking for.

—-

Somewhere in the Central Continent…

"Y-You heretic! Do you really think that the Pope will not avenge us?" a Crusader of Light shouted. "You should just surrender yourself! Perhaps our Pope will show you merc–argh!"

The pained cry reverberated in the plains as William crushed the crusader's hand with his foot.

"You devil!" the crusader roared. "You will be purged from your sin–"

The crusader wasn't able to finish his words before his head rolled across the ground. William then flicked his hand and the corpse was engulfed in black flames, turning it to ash in a matter of seconds.

"That's the fifth team that they tried to send to the Southern Continent," Chloee said. "I told you they were a nuisance."

"It's fine," William replied with a smile. "Just gather the heads and drop them off at the usual place.

"Understood. Do you know how many heads are adorning the gate of the Tower of Babylon now?"

"I don't know, and I don't care. I want those heads pierced by a stake and displayed for everyone to see. I don't care how many they send, I'll just kill each and everyone of them."

Just as Chloee was about to gather the hundreds of heads that had scattered on the ground, she sensed several presences flying to their direction.

"So, you are here."

A voice that was familiar to William said with killing intent.

"Yes," William replied as he turned around to look at the three beautiful ladies as well as the hundreds of flying ships that they had brought with them. "Took all of you some time to get here."

A young beauty with long, purple hair, eyed William with a sneer. She was none other than the Virtue of Justice, Ephemera, who had once joined the Tournament of Champions, but was defeated in the end.

The two other beautiful ladies standing beside her were the same ladies that had accompanied her to the banquet at the Misty Sect, they were the ones that carried the Virtues of Temperance and Fortitude

"Come with us peacefully, and you won't get hurt, Your Highness," Ephemera said in a teasing tone.

William ignored her and turned his attention on the black-haired beauty that had busied herself with collecting the heads of the crusaders that her Master had slain.

"Chloee, did these girls set up an appointment with me? William asked.

"No," Chloee replied as she picked up the last severed head on the ground. "I didn't receive a notice."

William nodded his head as he shifted his attention back to Ephemera who had an arrogant expression on her face.

"Sorry, but if you want a piece of me, you better get in line like everyone else," William said with a devilish smile on his face.

"Arrogant heretic," Ephemera sneered. "It seems that you still don't know your place. I will give you one last chance. Surrender and come peacefully, or we will make you sorry."

William gave an exaggerated sigh as he glanced at Chloee's direction.

"Don't send anything back to Babylon yet. Let's just collect the heads of the people here first."

"Understood."

Ephemera, who had heard William's words, looked at him with contempt before raising her hand.

"Capture him!" Ephemera ordered. "If he resists, It's fine if you cut a limb or two. As long as he is alive, we can drag him back to the Palace of Light."

""Yes!""

The Crusaders that were onboard the hundreds of flying ships jumped down and flew in William's direction.

They were an Elite Unit that was specially formed to capture William, and the weakest of them had the strength of a Millennial Beast. Although they were no match against the Prince of Darkness, they knew of a formation that would seal him, and his powers, allowing them to capture him alive.

The presence of four Demigods descended upon the battlefield, and two of them had locked on to William's body. They were the Demigods that belonged to the Palace of Light, which they had cultivated for hundreds of years. They were not part of the original Demigods that were known in the continent, but a secret force that belonged solely to the Holy Order of Light.

This was one of the reasons why they were feared by the various rulers in the continent. Any one Faction that could control more than two Demigods was a force that shouldn't be provoked at all cost.

Several magic circles appeared in the sky, enveloping an area of five miles around William. This was to ensure that he wouldn't be able to escape the encirclement that they had prepared for him.

Unfortunately, they made a mistake. William had no intention of running away from them.

"So, this is where your confidence is coming from." William nodded his head in understanding. "Not bad."

Chloee had already arrived beside William. However, her expression was still calm, and even looked at the Magic Circles in the sky with great curiosity.Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

"They're quite pretty," Chloee said softly.

"Indeed," William replied.

Ephemera and the two ladies that were standing beside her frowned. They expected William to panic after seeing the forces that they had prepared in order to capture him. However, instead of becoming fearful, the Half-Elf was looking at the four Demigods, as if they were cattle that were being sold in the market.

Suddenly, two shadows appeared behind William.

Baba Yaga and the Parrot Monkey, Oliver, came out from it and looked at the members of the Holy Order that had come to capture William.

"These annoying flies never change," Baba Yaga muttered.

"Yes," Oliver replied as his body transformed and became a six-meter tall chimera. "This is why the Mistress hates these bastards."

The Old Witch and the Parrot Monkey unleashed their Demigod Powers.

After losing Celine, Oliver had forcefully broken the seal that had been placed one his body by his creator and unleashed his true power as a Demigod. He was supposed to be Celine's protector, but due to the restrictions that covered the entire domain, he was unable to break the seal during that time.

This was why he decided to stay by William's side, in the hope that the Half-Elf would look for his Master, who was now carrying his child. Oliver knew that William would stop at nothing to find Celine, so, until their fateful reunion, he would protect the Half-Elf in her place.

"So what if you have two Demigods?" Ephemera asked. "You're still going to submit!"

All of the magic circles in the sky shone brightly and several golden chains emerged from them, wrapping William's, Chloee's, Oliver's, and Baba Yaga's bodies, preventing them from moving.

These were the special formations that the Holy Order had specially designed to capture powerful targets. Even Demigods would not be able to break free from these hundreds of chains that had the power to suppress their ranks and bring them down to the Millennial Rank.

"You're lucky I have strict orders to capture you alive," Ephemera stated. "Otherwise, I have no qualms in bringing back your corpse to the Palace of Light. Let's see how you break free from those chains. Capture them now!"

Wiliam chuckled as he glanced at Chloee.

"She wants to see how we break out of these chains," William said.

"Then, let's show her how," Chloee replied as she casually moved her arms to break the chains that bound her body.

William smiled and did the same. He then looked up at Ephemera and the rest of the crusaders who had shocked expressions on their faces.

"Sorry, your chains are so brittle that even the grandma living in our village can break it easily," William chuckled. He then waved his hand and freed Baba Yaga and Oliver from the chains that bound them.

"This is impossible!" Ephemera looked at the Half-Elf in shock and disbelief. "Those chains hold the power of the Seven Virtues! They can't be broken so easily. How can this be?!"

Chloee snorted as she spread her wings wide. "Well, Will and I like to break the rules. Now, it's your turn to suffer."

The black-haired Succubus was about to fly towards the sky when a hand held her in place.

"Don't kill the Virtues," William ordered. "Everyone else is fair game."

Chloee nodded. "Understood."

The Succubus flew towards the flagship where the three virtues were located with a fearless smile on her face. She had always liked to fight, so fighting against many enemies made her blood boil in happiness.

Baba Yaga and Oliver flew towards two of the four Demigods and engaged them in battle.

The two remaining Demigods on the Side of the Holy Order swooped down from the sky and headed in William's direction. Alongside the crusaders who were determined to capture the Prince of Darkness at all costs.

"Awaken," William ordered. "Flames of Darkness, burn my enemies to ashes. Go forth! Sepheron!"

Pitch-black flames emerged from the black phoenix tattoo on the back of William's right hand. Immediately the power of a Pseudo-God descended upon every living creature on the battlefield, making their movements sluggish.

With a deafening scream of challenge, Sepheron, the Ultimate Guardian of the Silvermoon Continent, which had been corrupted by Darkness, emerged from his hand.

Black flames rose up in the sky, and were about to burn the flying ships that were near its Master when William's orders reached its ears.

"Don't burn the ships," William ordered. "I can still use them. Just deal with these small fries."

Sepheron screeched in acknowledgement of its Masters orders and slapped the two Demigods with its wings, sending both of them crashing to the ground.

The Black Phoenix then looked at the thousands of Elite Crusaders that had come to capture its Master with a mocking gaze.

The members of the Holy Order of Light felt their blood turn cold as the Phoenix's gaze landed on their bodies. They knew then and there that they had made a mistake in trying to capture the Half-Elf who had become the Prince of Darkness.

Unfortunately, there was no time for regrets as they desperately flew in different directions in order to escape the monster that they couldn't defeat.

At that exact moment, William's laughter reached their ears. They thought that they were the ones that had set up a trap to capture him, but they were terribly wrong with their assumption.

It was the Prince of Darkness that had set a trap to capture them, and they had fallen for it, hook, line, and sinker.