Chapter 1117 A Wise Shepherd Once Said...

The flagship came crashing towards the ground with a single stomp from Chloee.

Ephemera, as well as the two other Virtues that represented Temperance, and Fortitude, jumped off it and hovered in the air.Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

They stared at the beautiful Succubus in front of them with grim expressions on their faces, while a battle raged in their surroundings.

"You are Celeste's familiar, right?" Ephemera asked as she summoned her golden sword. "You should be on our side. We are the side of Justice!"

"Yes, I am Celeste's familiar," Chloee replied, "and I am also on the side of Justice."

Ephemera stared at Chloee and attempted to use reason in order to make her change her allegiance.

"If that is the case then we shouldn't be fighting," Ephemera said. "We should work together to capture the Prince of Darkness who will destroy the peace of this world."

"Ah. That is where we disagree," Chloee commented. "My Prince doesn't have any intention of destroying this world. The only thing that he plans to destroy are those people who get in his way… that includes the three of you, and the Holy Order of Light."

"But Celeste is on our side!"

"So?"

Chloee gave the three beautiful girls a very sweet smile that made them shudder.

"You shouldn't have targeted his family, or anyone who is important to him." Chloee's voice became cold and deadly. "He has already lost so many things, and you people still wanted to take away the people that are precious to him? Unforgivable."

"It seems that we agree to disagree," Ephemera stated as the golden sword in her hand shone. "Very well, I will apologize to Celeste later that I had no choice but to kill her Familiar."

"There's nothing to apologize for," Chloee replied. "You don't have the ability to back your words."

As soon as she finished talking, the Succubus disappeared and reappeared in front of Ephemera with her fist posed to strike.

The Virtue of Justice had already anticipated this move, so she immediately used her sword to slash at the annoying Succubus whom she didn't like the moment they met.

A metallic sound rang in the air as Chloee's fist clashed with Ephemera's sword. The purple-haired beauty thought that her sword, which was blessed by the power of her Patron God, would send the Succubus flying.

However, what happened was the opposite. She was the one who was sent flying due to how powerful Chloee's punch was.

The two ladies that had accompanied Ephemera also summoned their weapons, but Chloee didn't even glance at them. She merely flew towards where Ephemera was, ignoring them completely.

"What should we do?" Temperance asked.

"Let's support Ephemera," Fortitude replied. "She's no match against that evil creature."

Temperance nodded, but before the two could even support their friend. A devilishly handsome Half-Elf appeared in front of them.

"Sorry girls, but I advise that the two of you just stay here," William replied. "If both of you are good, I can allow you to return to your Palace of Light unhurt."

"Do you think we will believe your words, you evil man!" Temperance shouted.

Fortitude didn't say anything. However she did something and that was to unsummon the weapon in her hand, which surprised her friend.

"What are you doing?!" Temperance asked in frustration. "He is the reason why we came here. All we need to do is capture him and our mission is done!"

William just smiled as he eyed the lady who carried the Virtue of Fortitude inside her body. Her Divinity had control over the strength of mind. She was someone who is able to face any adversity with a courageous look, but her current expression told the Half-Elf that she had no intention to fight him.

Temperance, whose Virtue represented restraint and moderation was the one who was not showing restraint at the moment. William even thought that their Virtues had been swapped, because the two of them were acting exactly opposite of their Divinities.

"I might be brave, but I'm not stupid," Fortitude replied. "The moment he escaped from the chains, and summoned that Black Phoenix, our Fates were already sealed."

The sound of screams reverberated in the surroundings as Sepheron burned the Crusaders until not even their ashes were left. The Two demigods were lying on the ground, with their limbs scorched to nothingness.

Although the two of them were still alive, they no longer had the power to fight against the Pseudo-God that was now enjoying a one-sided massacre.

Temperance glanced at her surroundings and realized that her friend was right. Dozens of flying ships remained floating in the sky, but there was no one inside them.

William had already killed them and left them unmanned for future use.

The rest of the ships had already crashed on the ground, unable to fly again.

Temperance bit her lip as she looked at the sorry state of their forces. They had left the Palace of Light, filled with confidence that they would be able to capture Wiliam with the forces that were with them.

However, they had miscalculated how strong he was. They didn't know that he had a Pseudo-God bodyguard with him, and thought that four Demigods was enough to capture him.

If they only knew that he could break the Chains of Virtue that they were proud of, they might have borrowed the power of the two Pseudo-Gods that had descended from the heavens to help them in the war against the forces of Darkness.

When Temperance finally raised her head to look at the Half-Elf in front of her, he found the latter looking at Fortitude with a curious gaze.

"What is your name?" William asked as she looked at the beautiful lady with long, blonde hair and blue eyes.

Fortitude hesitated for a while before introducing herself. "Audrey."

"I like you," William said. "Want to switch sides?"

Audrey shook her head. "No."

William chuckled, but he no longer asked the blonde beauty to change her mind. The Half-Elf then glanced in the direction where Ephemera and Chloee were fighting.

The Virtue of Justice had already unleashed the full power of her Divinity, and was fighting Chloee on equal grounds.

Temperance saw this as an opportunity to sneak attack William using the full might of her Divinity as well. Holding the two short swords in her hands, she stabbed William's back, making the two swords pierce through his body all the way.

Her ability allowed her to increase or decrease her speed, as well as the speed of her enemies, according to her preference.

This was similar to Kenneth's power, but Temperance didn't have the ability to stop time. What she could do was slow and hasten things, which made her one of the more difficult enemies to face in battle.

Audrey, who was too late to stop her friend, could only sigh helplessly at her recklessness.

"It's my win, Your Highness," Temperance said in a teasing tone. "You should have come with us quietly. That way, you might have lived to see the sunrise tomorrow."

"Your win? I don't think so," William said as he looked at the two swords that had pierced through his chest. "You are decisive, and your attack didn't have a shred of hesitation in it. Unfortunately, you stabbed the wrong target."

The William that Temperance had stabbed turned into black mists and disappeared.

Temperance's eyes widened in shock at the unexpected scene that happened in front of her. Suddenly, she felt something hit the back of her head, which made her eyes roll up into their sockets as she lost consciousness.

William grabbed the unconscious lady by the hand to prevent her from falling towards the ground.

The Half-Elf held Temperance with his left hand, while his right hand held a chamberpot. This was the weapon that William used to knock the living sh*t out of the aggressive girl, and make her sleep for a while.

The corner of Audrey's lips twitched when she saw this scene. She could tell that the chamberpot was bad news and didn't make a move to imitate her friend's reckless action, which made the Prince of Darkness deal with her personally.

"What are you planning to do with her?" Audrey asked.

"I'll just teach her a lesson and make her understand her place," William replied in a casual manner.

"Can you forgive her for her reckless action and allow me to take her back home?"

"No. Bad girls need to be punished. You're a good girl, so I'm letting you off the hook. Also, there is one thing that I need you to do for me."

William smiled at the blonde-beauty whose eyes were still looking at her unconscious friend.

"What is it?" Audrey asked.

"I want you to send my message to your Pope," William answered. "This message is very important, so you better say it to her word for word. Do you understand?"

Audrey took a deep breath before nodding her head. "Understood. What is it that you want to tell the Pope?"

The blonde-beauty was also curious on what kind of message William wanted to send to the middle-aged woman who lorded over the Palace of Light.

William smirked as he returned the Chamberpot inside his Ring of Conquest. He needed to make sure that the Holy Order of Light understood the consequences of fighting against him.

"Allow me to give you guys some words of wisdom that I learned over the years," William said with a smile. "Tell the Pope that a Wise Shepherd once said,..

"Eat Sh*t Motherf*cker."