Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1118 Do You Really Believe That I Give A F*ck?

Ephemera and Chloee exchanged blows without holding back.

Despite using the full power of her Divinity, Ephemera found herself being pushed back because Chloee was able to break through her attacks using her Rulebreaker ability.

"You traitor!" Ephemera shouted in anger as she brandished her sword to swipe at the black-haired Succubus whose attacks were becoming stronger and faster everytime they clashed.

Chloee ignored Ephemera's words as she unleashed a flurry of blows which forced the purple-haired lady to block it with everything she had. Unfortunately for her, Chloee's passive ability, which increased her strength due to the injuries she received during battle, had activated and increased her strength to a level that Ephemera's Divinity couldn't cope with.

With one powerful punch, Chloee sent her opponent crashing towards the ground.

Ephemera spat a mouthful of blood as she glared at the unreasonable opponent in front of her. She had long heard that Celeste's Familiars were very powerful. Back then, she thought that this was just hearsay. However, after fighting against Chloee, she realized that the rumors weren't an exaggeration.

The black-haired Succubus was indeed very powerful, and someone like her wouldn't be able to defeat her even if she put her life on the line.

"Are you going to surrender?" Chloee asked as she landed beside Ephemera who received a serious injury from her punch. "Or do you still want to continue?"

"You heretic… the Pope will deal with all of you later!" Ephemera said through gritted teeth.

Chloee snorted before kicking the side of Ephemera's face. She made sure to control her strength in order to not break the girl's neck, and make her die an untimely death. William had explicitly told her that killing the Virtues right now would become detrimental to the bigger picture.

The purple-haired lady skidded several meters on the ground, and rolled a few times before coming to a complete stop. Chloee's kick had knocked her unconscious, ending their battle.

The black-haired Succubus then glanced at William who was high up in the air and gave him a brief nod.

William nodded back before shifting his attention to Audrey, who had a grim expression on her face.

"Go back to the Palace of Light and deliver my message," William ordered.

"What about Justice and Temperance?" Fortitude inquired. "If you allow me to take them back, I will convince the Pope to no longer send anyone to attack you or your family."

"Miss Audrey, although I would love to believe your words, I have to decline your offer."

"But why?"

"Your Pope is not stupid. If she dares to hurt my family after this, I will just kill these two girls," William smiled as he lightly shook the unconscious Temperance in his hand. "I'm sure that she wouldn't want to lose two of the Seven Virtues at this point in time. After all, the war hasn't even started yet."

Audrey glanced at her two companions before shifting her attention back to William.

"What do you plan to do with them?"

"Teach them a lesson they will never forget."

The Virtue of Fortitude wanted to ask more, but she knew that if she didn't leave right now, William might change his mind, and capture her as well. After a brief internal struggle, she decided to return to the Palace of Light and pass William's words to the Pope.

"Is there anything else that you would like me to pass to the Pope? Audrey inquired.

William rubbed his chin for a while as he pondered. A minute later he smiled at the blonde-beauty in front of him.

"Tell her that right now, I don't plan to make the Holy Order my enemy," William said. "However, make no mistake. I am not afraid of your people. I am just someone who looks at the bigger picture. If she still wants to fight after this incident, I will make sure to visit your Palace of Light, and personally kick her out of it."

"Either you are very brave, or very stupid," Audrey replied. "Do you really think that this is the extent of the Holy Order's forces?"

William chuckled. "Then let me ask you back, do you really believe that I give a f*ck?"

Audrey glanced at her comrades one last time before turning her head to fly to one of the flying ships near her. She knew that the time of talking was over, and she needed to leave before William changed his mind.

William watched Audrey maneuver the ship away from their location with a smirk on his face. He then opened a portal beside him and tossed the unconscious lady, who had tried to sneak attack her earlier, through it.

Chloee appeared by his side and threw Ephemera inside the portal that William had created like a bag of trash that needed to be disposed of.

Sepheron uttered a mighty shriek before transforming into a black mist. He then flew towards the back of William's hand, leaving only a black phoenix tattoo that he could activate at any given time.

Baba Yaga and Oliver also appeared beside William as the Half-Elf stared at the devastation around him.

Except for the three Virtues, and the Four Demigods, everyone else had been killed. William decided to spare the Demigods as well, so they could return to the Palace of Light and be of use in the war against the Demon Army.

The black-haired teenager waved his hand and took all the flying ships that were still operational inside his Thousand Beast Domain. Since the Holy Order of Light had given him so many wonderful means of transportation, it would be a shame to not use them to his advantage.Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Although William could travel instantaneously, his army would still be able to put the flying ships to use.

"Let's go," William ordered as he summoned his Black Qilin, Raiden. "We still have places to visit."

William left the devastated battlefield with a sneer on his face. The Holy Order had annoyed him so much over the past few weeks because of their repeated attempts to send people to harm his family back in the Southern Continent.

If not for the fact that the Primordial Goddess told him their every move, they might have succeeded. Unfortunately for them, William had the Lighting Strider Skill. As long as he had a set of coordinates, he could travel to that location without fail.

This allowed him to dispatch the annoying bastards that the Holy Order had sent in order to try to use his family as hostages and make him submit. However, since he was growing tired of their repeated antics, he decided to stage an act where they could "ambush" him, which allowed him to get two valuable hostages.

The Half-Elf knew that it was only a matter of time before the war started. Because of this, he wanted to use his time to conquer as many dungeons as possible.

Now that he held the two Virtues in his hands, if the Pope continued to get on his way then he would make them his first target once he had gathered his army.

"I just hope that the Pope is not stupid," William muttered as Raiden soared through the sky. "If she is, I'll make sure to bury her and her Palace of Light in filth."