Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1119 Let's Plug Up That Beautiful Mouth Of Yours FirstFôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

(Disclaimer: Minor R-18 Scenes)

When Ephemera and the brown-haired lady who held the virtue of Temperance regained their consciousness, they found themselves hanging in the air and tied with chains.

The first thing they did was to activate their Divinities to break the shackles that bound them, but nothing happened. No matter how hard they tried, their shackles remained firm and didn't break.

"It's useless."

A teasing tone reached the two ladies' ears as a black-haired teenager materialized in front of them.

A black throne appeared behind him, and the Half-Elf sat on it in a leisurely manner. He then crossed his leg over the other as he rested the side of his face over his closed fist, while giving the two girls a devilish smile.

"You bastard! Free us right now!" Ephemera shouted. "You will not get away with this!"

"You beast! What do you intend to do to us?!" the brown-haired beauty screamed in anger. "If you let us go now, we can still turn a blind eye to your actions!"

William chuckled as he looked at the two beautiful ladies who seemed to not understand the positions they were in. He always thought that the Virtues had a good head on their shoulders like Celeste. But it seemed that his wives were far better than the Virtues, who had lost their composure in front of him.

"I'm going to ask the two of you questions, and you are going to answer them," William replied. "If you do, you will be treated better. If you don't then I will have no choice but to punish you so you girls can learn some discipline."

"We will not tell you anything!" Ephemera shouted.

"Do you really think that the Virtues are the same as those sinful whores that you married?!" Temperance shouted. "Don't compare us to those sinners!"

The smile on William's face widened, but no mirth could be seen in his eyes. Instead, a trace of killing intent passed through them. His wives were a delicate topic, and yet the ignorant lady had dared to call them whores in front of him.

This was something that touched the black-haired teenager's bottom line.

"Whores? Is that what you think of my wives?" William asked.

"Yes! Whores the lot of them!" Temperance sneered. "Filthy girls who will spread their legs for a bastard like you!"

William sighed as he shook his head in disappointment.

"My wives might carried the Sins of the World, but compared to your dirty mouth, they were angels," William stated. "You are one of the Virtues, but everything that comes out of your mouth is garbage. Such a shame."

William then casually opened his status page and clicked the mailbox of the Godshop.

"Sorry for ignoring you all this time, Donger," William said with a smile. "It's time for you to be free."

As soon as William opened the wooden box, a beam of light shot to the air and circled William twice before merging with his body.

William then felt a surge of incredible vitality in his body, making him feel extremely good.

With a pulling gesture, the tied up Temperance moved towards him without the ability to resist. The Half-Elf eyed the beautiful lady in front of him and used his appraisal skill. However, aside from her race, the black-haired teenager wasn't able to see her name, which surprised him.

"A half human, half angel." William arched an eyebrow. "This is the first time I've seen a Nephilim in this world."

"H-How did you know?!" the brown-haired beauty looked at William with shock. "Even the Holy Order doesn't know about it! Who told you?!"

Ephemera who was still tied up in the distance looked at her comrade in disbelief. She had known Temperance for a few years, but she never expected that the brown-haired beauty had such a background.

"Rest assured, your secret is safe with me," William said as he caressed the side of Temperance's face, which made her shudder. "Now, tell me your True Name."

Just like his wife, Ashe, who had a True Name, several beings in Hestia also possessed them. It was known that whoever knew of their True Names would hold power over them. This was why those who bore it, would never tell anyone, aside from the people they trust with their life.

There were even those who went as far as to carry their True Name to the grave, for fear that after they had left the world, certain Necromancers would use their names to summon them back as wraiths, or revenants that would serve them for eternity.

"I'd rather die than tell you my name!" Temperance shouted.

"Are you worried about Ephemera hearing your name?" William asked before waving his hand. "There, I sealed her sense of hearing. She will not be able to hear anything, so feel free to tell me your True Name."

"Keep dreaming!"

"Well, I don't mind doing this the hard way."

William sneered as he made the brown-haired beauty kneel in front of him. He then grabbed a handful of her hair, as he pulled her to him.

"Since you don't want to talk then let's plug up that beautiful mouth of yours first," William said as the clothes he was wearing disappeared. "You called my wives, whores, right? Filthy girls who spread their legs for a filthy bastard like me, right? I'd like to see how long a Half-Angel like you can keep that big mouth of your from spouting nonsense."

Without another word, William shoved his manhood inside the beautiful lady's mouth, while grabbing a handful of her hair.

The first thought that appeared inside Temperance's head was that this was the perfect opportunity to make the Half-Elf suffer by biting his filthy thing that was currently inside her mouth.

However, no matter how hard she bit, she couldn't seem to tear off the thing in half. She could only helplessly accept the punishment that the Half-Elf was giving her as he mercilessly moved her head up and down to suck on his manhood.

"What's wrong?" William sneered. "Donger got your tongue?"

Only gurgling sounds came out of Temperance's mouth as saliva spilled from her seductive lips that would make any man want to kiss them.

Ephemera watched in horror at the scene that was happening in front of her. William smirked and returned her sense of hearing to her, so that the purple-haired lady could hear the vulgar sounds that her friend was making, as William violated her mouth.

When William's and Ephemera's gaze met, her body uncontrollably shuddered. She knew, then and there, that they had made a mistake in angering the handsome Half-Elf.

William's deadly gaze was more than enough to tell her that their fate was in his hands, and there was nothing they could do about it.

Perhaps, due to fear, as well as helplessness, something wet trickled down Ephemera's legs.

The Half-Elf who saw this chuckled as he made a gesture for the purple-haired beauty to come to his side as well.

Since the two Virtues looked down on his beloved wives as if they were the dirtiest girls in the world, he was determined to make Ephemera and Temperance understand that they should never blaspheme the things that William held sacred inside his tainted heart, which had been consumed by darkness.