Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1120 Making A Fallen Angel Fall [Part 1]

(Disclaimer: R-18 Scenes Although mild, can be disturbing to others. Take note that the next chapter will be worse than this, so make sure to read the disclaimer I left there as well.)

Ephemera was forced to look at her friend who was currently being forced to suck on William's manhood at a very close distance.

The Half-Elf was holding onto Temperance's head as he moved her head up and down his shaft, while her saliva overflowed from her mouth.

"Isn't this nice?" William asked Ephemera who was kneeling beside her friend. "This is a good way to shut her up, no?"

"What will you get from doing this?" Ephemera asked. She didn't dare raise her voice like she did earlier because she was afraid that William might do the same thing to her. "Can't you see she doesn't like it?"

"Why?" William asked in a teasing tone. "This is punishment. Bad girls should be punished, especially this girl who dared to ridicule my wives. It wouldn't be a punishment if she liked it, right?"

"B-But…"

"If you are a good girl, you won't be punished. You don't want to suffer the same fate as her, right?"

Ephemera bit her lip and no longer said anything. William's gaze scared her. Although the Half-Elf had a smile on his face, his golden eyes were looking at her as if he was looking at a toy that he could play with at any moment.

"Boring." William waved his hand, forcing Ephemera to stand using the chains that bound her.

The purple-haired lady could only helplessly watch from the side as William gave Temperance a breather by pulling his manhood out of her mouth.

The brown-haired beauty coughed repeatedly as if she was trying to take in the oxygen that she had been deprived of due to William's repeated thrusts inside her mouth.

"How is the taste?" William asked with an amused expression on his face.

"Disgusting," Temperance answered. "Just like your face."

William nodded as the smile on his face widened. "Good. it is better this way."

William reached out and unceremoniously ripped Temperance's robes, revealing her body, which was free of imperfections. Her white skin was smooth and youthful, radiating a strength that was not seen in mortal women.

The Half-Elf reached out to caress it out of curiosity, which made Temperance's body shudder due to the coldness of his touch.

The black-haired teenager's hand moved from her arms, towards her neck, and down to her shapely peaks that stood proudly as if to defy him. The black-haired teenager smirked before he lightly squeezed Temperance's right breast that perfectly fit in his hand, in order to test its firmness.

"Not bad," William replied in satisfaction as his hand kneaded it lightly, making Temperance's breathing ragged. "I wonder if the milk you will produce in the future will be tasty."

"Get your disgusting hand off me!" Temperance finally lost her patience and screamed at the devilish man who was taking advantage of her chained state.

William ignored her, and continued to play with her right breast that was now starting to heat up due to the attention it was getting.

"Disgusting?" William chuckled as he summoned a ball gag out of thin air and flicked it towards Temperance's face.

The gag ball automatically forced itself on the latter's mouth, making the brown-haired beauty's eyes widen in shock.

"You won't get a boyfriend with how toxic your mouth is," William chuckled. "Come."

Temperance's body was kneeling just a moment ago, floated in the air, and moved towards William.

The brown-haired beauty's muffled screams spread inside the room, making Ephemera, who was watching her, close her eyes to prevent herself from seeing the fate of her friend.

"Don't close your eyes, and watch," William ordered.

As if he had full control of the purple-haired lady's body, Ephemera opened her eyes and locked at Temperance, who was now straddling William's waist.

The brown-haired beauty's body was raised, with her knees firmly holding onto William's left and right sides.

The chains that bound her, held her in place, ensuring that her well-shaped breasts were only a few inches away from William's lips.

"Tell me, what is the Pope's plan for the war against Felix?" William glanced at Ephemera, whose breathing was starting to get ragged.

"I-I don't know," Ephemera answered. "She didn't tell us anything about her plans against the Heir of Darkness. Our goal was to take your family hostage in order to make you submit to our demands."

"I see," William then lightly caressed the back of Temperance's body, sending shivers running down her spine. He was raising her body's sensitivity in order to prepare her for what was about to come.

Temperance's muffled shouts of protests were the only sounds that were heard inside the room, but William continued to caress her all over.Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

"You don't really have any body hair," William commented as his fingers moved towards her lower abdomen, up to the entrance of her maidenhood, making the brown-haired beauty panic.

Although she and Ephemera already knew what was going to happen next, Temperance still couldn't help but feel the sense of dread that was creeping up inside her heart.

As if reading her thoughts, William chuckled as he played with her slit with his fingers. He prodded it open, and teased its inside. He made sure to not push in too deep to ensure that her chastity would remain intact.

Ephemera, who was forced to watch the scene, suddenly shuddered. Although William wasn't touching her, and she was still wearing clothes, she could feel fingers prodding her own maidenhood, while the Half-Elf was doing so to her friend.

William had shared Temperance's feelings with her, using one of the abilities that Donger possessed.

As William continued his relentless assault on the brown-haired beauty's entrance, Ephemera felt her own body heating up as well.

"How indecent," William commented as he pulled back his fingers. He could tell that the brown-haired beauty's body was now ready to accept him despite Temperance's muffled screams of defiance.

"Don't worry," William said as his hands rested on the beauty's backside. "Soon, you will be singing a different tune. A tune where you will tell me your True Name."

William kissed her right breast before opening his mouth, revealing his fangs.

"I wonder. What does your blood taste like?" William asked as he squeezed Temperance's backside, making her body arch, pushing her innocent breasts towards him as an offering. "Thanks for the food."

Without another word, William sank his fangs on the brown-haired beauty's breast, making Ephemera gasp in fear.

Blood trailed down Temperance's white, and unblemished skin, streaming down towards her navel.

William bit hard, harder than what he did with his wives and Charmaine, sinking his fangs deeper than ever before.

The stinging pain made Temperance take in deep breaths, as she felt William's fangs push deep inside her body. Soon, the pain disappeared and what followed next was a sweet, and intoxicating feeling of pleasure that made her mind turn blank.

William sucked greedily, while allowing a trace of blood to spill out and stream down her angelic body, which was free from imperfections.

It was his own way of staining her unblemished body with her own blood, while she was assaulted by a feeling of pleasure that she never felt before.

Ephemera's body squirmed as the same feelings of pain and pleasure, that her friend was feeling, assaulted her body. William wanted her to understand what her fate would be if she opposed him, by sharing Temperance's feelings with her.

The purple-haired beauty tried to hold on to what little willpower she had left as she prayed to her Patron God, inside of her heart.

She prayed that William would be sated by the blood of her friend, so the Half-Elf would ignore her completely. However, deep inside she knew.

Ephemera knew that in this dark and miserable place, where she was currently chained, her voice, and prayers, wouldn't reach anyone, except for the black-haired teenager, who held their fates on his sharp and sinful fangs that brought them pleasure beyond their wildest dreams.