Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1122 Making A Fallen Angel Fall [Part 3]

(Disclaimer: The final part of the Fallen Angel Series. Still R-18)

In my hazy state, I was feeling warm and happy as I was embraced by the handsome black-haired teenager that they called the Prince of Darkness.

Perhaps, due to the euphoric sensation after he bit on my breast to drink my blood, I wasn't able to think properly and acted on impulse by kissing him on the lips.

It was an act that I had done of my own will, and the feeling of disgust and hate I felt earlier disappeared as my soft lips pressed against his, making my entire body shiver due to how good it felt.

"I can make you feel better. Do you want it?"

His words held the promise of pleasure, and it was all up to me to decide whether I want it or not.

"... Yes."

That was the reply I gave him through my hazy thoughts. The only thing I wanted was to feel good, to feel safe, and perhaps… to feel loved as well.

"Then, raise your hips."

Although the words he used to order me were a bit cold, my anticipation took hold of my body as I raised my body as he instructed.

It was at that moment when he held his throbbing member and rubbed it against the entrance of my maidenhood, making my heart skip wildly inside my chest. I knew that the moment that thing entered inside me, the chastity that I had protected till now, would be his.

"Do you want this? Do you want this inside you?"

The thought of saying No, passed through my head. The warning bells have been ringing non-stop, telling me to use my Divinity to break free from his control and protect my maidenhood from being taken by him.

But, my desire betrays me as I give him the answer that I wasn't supposed to give.

"... I want. Make me feel good."

The moment the words escaped my lips, I saw the corner of his lips curl up into a smile. I knew that I could still escape from his embrace, but my body didn't move. It only waited for the promise of pleasure that he was going to give me.

"Lower your hips, and I will give you happiness."

Once again, the choice was mine to make. I could reject his orders, or not. The haze in my head disappeared, as if he allowed me to regain my reason to make one of the most important choices in my life.

I looked at his handsome face, and his dazzling golden eyes. It made my heart melt at the thought of becoming one of his women. Although I had no intention of becoming his wife, as long as he treated me like a lover, I felt that I would be fine even with that much.

It was then when I heard a stirring behind me. I had completely forgotten about Ephemera, and the vile thing that this man did to her.

'Sharing our feelings of pleasure… that is downright criminal.'

That was the thought that passed through my head as I remembered the incredible pleasure that I had felt. Knowing that Ephemera felt the same made me unable to decide whether I should pity her or not.

"Snap out of it! Don't let him have his way!!"

Those were the words that Ephemera shouted using telepathy. The Seven Virtues were able to communicate with each other using telepathy, so we didn't have to talk most of the time.

Her words had reached me, and yet, I still decided to follow my desire. With my own volition, I lowered my hips, and felt the pain of having my chastity taken away from me.

Tears streamed down the side of my face, not because of the pain, but due to the joy that I was feeling. Although this person, whose cold face had started to show what I assumed was love and tenderness, was my enemy, he was able to conquer my heart. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Admittedly, he used foul tricks to do it, but in the end the one who decided to make the decision to hand my first time to him was me.

If there was someone to blame, I could only blame myself for being lost in the pleasure that he had made me feel. Even though a part of me knew that the tenderness and affection he was giving me right now was fake, and only make-believe, I still longed for it.

My body longed for it.

He had already conquered my heart… and now, he was about to conquer my body, which I willingly surrendered to him.

"You won," I said softly as I looked at his beautiful golden eyes that looked at me with pity.

I thought that I would see a trace of triumph, arrogance, or disdain in his eyes after making me submit to him by my own will. However, I didn't see any of them. All I saw was pity, and even a faint trace of apology.

To my surprise, a single tear slid down the side of his face. I didn't expect that he would shed a tear for my sake, and yet he did. Perhaps, it was the only real emotion that he had shown me until now, and it made my heart ache, knowing that despite being my enemy, he still felt sad for my sake.

'No good. I am falling for him.'

This was the thought that passed through my head as I used my lips to kiss that single tear that had been shed for my sake. It tasted a little salty, but I also felt a sweetness inside my heart that I never felt before.

It was then when I felt his strong hands hold my buttocks and slowly move it up and down.

With every thrust, his hard and throbbing manhood sent shivers down my spine. The pain slowly faded away, and was replaced by a pleasure that far surpassed the feeling of having my blood drunk by him.

"Does it still hurt?"

The Prince asked me softly. His demeanor had changed considerably after I had kissed his tear away. He spoke to me in a voice that no longer held tenderness and affection.

It was a cold voice that made my heart tremble. His cold eyes that looked down on my trembling body, were betrayed by the look of concern that I saw within their golden depths.

Instead of answering, I wrapped my hands around his neck and kissed him. This time, he kissed me back, and our tongues intertwined with each other. His cold body slowly became warm, as I moved my body with him, and not against him.

He never increased the pace of how he thrust his member inside me. He did it slowly, and gently, which made me feel the care he was giving me, making my heart feel full, and my body long even more desperately for his affection.

However, even if the movement was slow, it was starting to gain momentum. It was like the makings of a storm. I was like a small boat in the wide open sea, and in front of me, a storm was starting to form.

The clear blue skies disappeared, and were replaced by dark clouds where thunder rumbled, and lightning illuminated the dark sky.

In front of me, the lone boat on that vast body of water, I could see a gigantic wave, that I estimated to be at least fifty-meters-tall, started to make its way towards me.

I knew then and there that when that wave crashed down on me, I would be broken and destroyed beyond repair.

With each thrust, the wave drew closer, making me whimper. It was then when I looked up at him with a pleading gaze, and voiced out the words that made me tremble.

"I'm scared."

Only two words, and yet, it was what I truly felt.

My world, and everything I held dear for the past nineteen years of my life would be destroyed, the moment that powerful wave hit me. Although I'm sure that it wasn't his intention, I knew, with all of my heart, that if that giant wave hit me, I would fall and be broken completely.

I would never be the same again.

I thought that he would ignore me, and watch me break due to the stacked up pleasure that he had built up by thrusting his manhood inside me, shaping my insides to his shape.

But, he didn't do that. He stopped moving, and lightly patted my head. I could feel the tip of his member, kissing the entrance of my womb, and my womb, kissed him back, not out of love, but of longing for the promise that was still unfulfilled.

He didn't say anything, and only held me in a firm and warm embrace. The giant wave in front of me, froze completely, as if time had stopped. It was still there, but for the moment, I was safe.

A tear slid down the side of my face, followed by another. Soon, as if something snapped inside me, my tears came down in full. I wrapped my hands around his neck, rested my head on his shoulder, and cried.

I cried for my loss against him.

I cried for being played by him.

I cried for losing my innocence to him.

I cried, and cried, and cried.

'No good. I think I have already fallen.'

As I cried and hugged the Prince of Darkness, his strong arms wrapped around my body in a protective embrace.

As one of the ladies that held the Virtues of the World, I have no need to rely on others to protect myself. My Patron God was always there to give me sound advice, and my ability to increase and decrease my, and my opponent's, speed allowed me to triumph over all of my foes.

But against him, I lost.

I lost because I underestimated him.

I lost due to my arrogance.

And yet, here he was, holding me firmly, and keeping that giant wave at bay. Although I know that we had already gone past the point of no return, and that wave would come crashing down on me sooner or later, in this brief moment of time, I am safe.

He was keeping me safe.

Several minutes later, I regained my composure and looked at him straight in the eye.

"Lira Vi Vevila."

My True Name. The name that would give others total control over me. A name that I had protected, in fear that I would become someone else's belonging, and become their plaything.

However, for some reason, my heart told me that it was going to be alright. It was telling me that my name was safe with him.

I was safe with him.

With a touch filled with tenderness, he caressed the side of my face and gave me a loving kiss. When the kiss ended, he looked at me and said with eyes filled with warmth.

"Lira, please, accept me."

"... Un."

As if to answer his feelings, the entrance of my womb that was currently kissing the tip of his manhood opened up. It was no longer afraid of what was about to come, and even welcomed it with open arms.

As I leaned on his body, with his strong arms around me. I knew that even if the waves came crashing down, I would be safe. He will keep me safe.

Just as I expected, the giant wave in front of me moved once again. It came crashing down with a force that would destroy anything and everything in its path.

It was also at that moment when I felt a hot and burning sensation explode inside my womb, making me feel as if I was going to melt from the inside out.

Everything around me turned white. My mind blanked out as he released his seed inside me. The thought of becoming pregnant with his child passed through my mind and was gone as swiftly as it came.

But, for some reason, I didn't dislike that possibility.

As I was about to lose my consciousness, I felt something etch itself in my lower abdomen. Although I didn't know what it was, I felt happy because somehow, it let me know that he had marked me as his own.

Even now, I still remember that feeling very vividly.

It was the time that I, a child that was born between the union of a Human woman and an Angel, had been conquered by the man whom I treated as my enemy.

It was the day that I had fallen.

Fallen for the man, who wept for me when my world and my entire existence, came crashing down in a world of Darkness, where no light could be seen.