Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1125 From Now On, You Are My Justice [Part 2]

(Disclaimer: Minor R-18 Scene. This may or may not be the last sexy scene that you guys will have for a long time. If you have any complaints, feel free to find me in my Discord Server.)

It was at that moment, when the last shackle that bound Ephemera's heart shattered into pieces. She no longer looked at William as an enemy, but a man that she desired.

She didn't know that her Virtue, that represented Justice, was slowly being transformed, into William's own Justice.

Ephemera's ability was tied to the convictions that she held in her heart. If her heart wavered, the power she could unleash would also decrease, making her Divinity weaker than it usually was.

"Won't you reconsider?" Ephemera gathered all of her willpower and endured the helpless feeling in her heart. "As long as we are with you, the Holy Order will no longer target you and your family."

"I'm not afraid of the Holy Order," William answered in a heartbeat. "If the other Virtues come, I will make them understand the stupidity of their actions."

"W-Will you do the same thing to them, just like what you did to Lira?"

"No. I will do worse things. I originally planned to corrupt you and Lira, and make both of you fall into Darkness."

William lightly caressed Lira's back, and a pair of gray, angelic wings sprouted behind her.

"Endure it for a bit, Lira," William said softly and the beautiful lady in his arms nodded her head in acknowledgement.

The black-haired teenager then plucked a single feather from Lira's wing and showed it to Ephemera.

"This is the fate that should have fallen to the both of you," William commented.

Slowly, the tip of the feather turned black and slowly made its way up to its base. In a matter of seconds, the gray feather had become a black feather, which faintly radiated the power of Darkness.

Lira's and Ephemera's bodies trembled after seeing the black feather in Wiliam's hand.

"If any of the Virtues trouble me again, I will no longer hold back and corrupt them completely," William declared in an indifferent and unfeeling voice. "Their pride, their dignity, I will take them all, until they become lowly slaves that will live and die for my sake.

"They would no longer be called Virtuous Ladies, but whores, who will gladly spread their legs to any man if I wish it. That is the Fate that awaits them, so make sure to warn your sisters. My patience has a limit."

Ephemera subconsciously nodded her head, as she looked at William's gaze that contained no shred of mercy.

As if noticing that the angelic beauty in his arms was trembling in fear, William whispered an apology to Lira's ear and hugged her tight, until her body stopped shaking.

Ephemera bit her lip, as she stood up from the bathtub. Water droplets slid down her curvaceous body, as she bared it for William to see. If in the past, she would not dare show her body to any man, let alone to her enemy.

But at this point in time, she no longer cared. She had reached her limit.

The purple-haired beauty then walked towards William and used her right hand to cup his face.

"Unfair," Ephemera said softly as she lowered her head. "You are unfair."

The moment her soft lips pressed over William's, Ephemera no longer denied the fact that she had already fallen.

Since that was the case, she would fall completely, allowing this cold, and handsome man, whose subtle act of kindness, and gentleness, made her feel that being corrupted, and falling into the darkness with him, wasn't as scary as she originally thought it would be.

William was surprised when Ephemera chose to kiss him of her own volition. Lira, who saw this was also just as shocked as the black-haired teenager who was holding her in his arms.

She had known Ephemera for a very long time, and knew of her tendency to hate the opposite gender in general. In short, the purple-haired beauty looked down on men, and would usually use her Divinity to punish them, regardless if they committed a crime or not, because of what happened to her family in the past.

Ephemera had shared this secret to her in the past, and she had kept it hidden as a way to honor the trust that she had given her.

Never would Lira have thought that the man-hating lady of Virtue would kiss the Prince of Darkness.

In truth, when Ephemera said the word "Unfair", Lira already knew what she meant. Still, due to her shock, she just looked on in a daze as her friend kissed William clumsily.

Clearly, she had no experience because she was still a maiden that had not been touched by any man.

When their lips parted, the purple-haired beauty looked down at William's golden eyes, and said the same word again.

"Unfair," Ephemera said. "Why only Lira? You already marked me as well. Take responsibility for it."

William stared back at her with a calm expression on his face as he replied to her words.

"I don't intend to marry you and take you as my wife," William replied. "Also, I already said that you can keep your maidenhood. I'm not interested in it."

A hollow chuckle escaped Ephemera's lips as she crouched down and lowered her head. Her hand then moved to unplug the stopper of the bathtub, allowing the water to drain completely.

As the water levels fell, she gently pried Lira's body, who was still clinging to William, away and moved her to the side.

The brown-haired beauty was still in a state of shock, and wasn't able to resist Ephemera's action.

Lira just stared helplessly as the friend that she had known for many years, straddled William.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

The black-haired teenager was about to push Ephemera away when the latter looked at him with a determined expression on her face.

"Since you don't want to take responsibility, I will take responsibility for myself," Ephemera declared as she held William's manhood and guided it to the entrance of her maidenhood. "Don't worry, I won't ask you to marry me. Just make me your concubine, or your lover.

"Just for today, before I return to the Palace of Light, embrace me like you did Lira. That is all I ask, so please, do not push me away."

Just as she was about to lower her hips, and give her chastity to William, the black-haired teenager, stopped her.

Tears streamed down the side of Ephemera's face as she looked at William with dejection.

"Why?" Ephemera asked. "Am I not good enough?"

"No." William shook her head. "Don't misunderstand. I didn't stop you because you were not good enough. I stopped you because your feelings have reached me."

William pulled the purple-haired beauty towards him until their faces were just a few inches from each other.

"Are you sure about this?" William asked. "You don't have to answer. Just nod your head. However, know that once you do, there will be no turning back. I will ask you one last time, is this really what you want?"

Ephemera nodded as her tears fell on the black, obsidian gem, on William's chest.

The Half-Elf felt the warmth, and sadness in her tears, and for a brief moment, a faint blue glow, pulsed at the center of his blackened heart, acknowledging Ephemera's overflowing emotions.

"Fine," William said softly as she kissed Ephemera's lips for a brief moment before staring at her tear-stained face. "Until the sun rises tomorrow, I will treat you as my lover. However, after that, you will just keep this as a memory in your heart. Do I make myself clear?"

"Yes," Ephemera replied. "Just for today, make me feel loved. Make me feel your love."

The Virtuous Lady then kissed William as the black-haired teenager held her hips and lowered it slowly. Soon, a drop of blood fell inside the bathtub, where it bloomed like a flower.

True to his words, William made love to her.

Ephemera surrendered herself to the Half-Elf's passionate kisses, and warm embrace. The envy, and jealousy in her heart disappeared, and was replaced by complete, and utter happiness.

Soon, the young man brought her to the peak, making every fiber of her being shudder in anticipation. A few seconds later, she felt William's intense, and hot passion erupt inside her.

'From now on, you are my Justice,' Ephemera made an oath as she collapsed on top of the man that accepted her selfish request.

As her consciousness slowly faded while being held in William's loving arms, her lonely heart and innocent womb were filled to the brim with his tainted love.