Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1126 Words Don't Hold Any Value

William stared at the two beautiful women lying on the bed.

Ephemera, the Virtuous Lady of Justice, lay on the bed with William's seed overflowing from her secret garden which stained the white sheets. There were faint traces of blood mixed with it, proving that she had lost her chastity just a few hours ago.

William had made love with her for several hours, until she lost consciousness. The Half-Elf was quite surprised at how tenacious Ephemera was. A tenacity which matched that of his wife Princess Sidonie.

After staring at her for a minute, William then shifted his attention to the other beautiful lady that was laying beside her, Lira.

'Unbelievable,' William thought as he stared at the slightly bulging abdomen of the brown-haired beauty, which was similar to women in the early stages of their pregnancy.

Lira had a peaceful expression on her sleeping face, as she breathed softly after being embraced by William, alongside her friend, Ephemera.

'Did she want to get pregnant with my child that badly?' William mused as he lightly caressed Lira's abdomen that was filled with his seed.

For some reason, everytime he poured his essence inside her, Lira would use her Divinity to keep Wiliam's seed inside her womb, not letting even a single drop spill from it.

In truth, as someone who was born between a Human woman and an Angel, Lira had thought that she wouldn't like to bear a child and make them suffer just like she had—to always hide her angelic background from people, as well as always being on guard to prevent others from knowing her True Name.

No matter how corrupt William was, it was impossible not to be moved by Lira's cute attempts to bear his child.

'Sadly, her attempt was futile,' William thought as he planted a kiss on Lira's cheek before leaving the room.

After merging with Donger, William knew that he could practically impregnate any women and have them give birth to his child with just a single round of sex. However, he didn't want that to happen.

Because of this, he asked Optimus, as well as Donger, to work with him to prevent him from irresponsibly leaving offsprings behind.

After seeing his future daughters, William vowed to himself that he wouldn't become an irresponsible father. He was not the type of person that would wantonly impregnate a woman with his child, then toss her aside, leaving her to raise his child on her own.

Even in his fallen, and corrupted state, William would never do something like that. If in the future, Lira did become pregnant with his child, he would make sure to take care of her, as well as their unborn baby. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

But, since the possibility of that happening was zero, William left the room to allow the two beautiful virtuous ladies to rest properly.

The moment he left the room, William saw Chloee leaning on the wall and chewing on a chocolate bar.

"Did you corrupt both of them?" Chloee asked.

"No," William replied as he walked to her direction.

Only a towel was wrapped around his waist, revealing his upper body for Chloee to feast on.

After sharing a morning kiss in greeting, Chloee reluctantly pulled back and rested her hand on William's shoulder.

"Celeste talked to me last night through our connection," Chloee reported. "She said that the Holy Order of Light is willing to negotiate for the release of Temperance and Justice."

"Is that so?" William arched an eyebrow after hearing Chloee's report. "What is their condition?"

He already intended to release the two girls and let them return to the Palace of Light. Since they wanted to negotiate with him, he might as well hear their conditions as a side benefit for releasing the girls.

"A non-aggression pact until they have finished dealing with the Heir of Darkness," Chloee replied. "Celeste said that if you have any other conditions, they are willing to consider it."

William smiled after hearing the condition that the Pope had given him.

"A non-aggression pact until they finished dealing with Felix and Ahriman," William said softly. "Meaning, after they have dealt with them, they will deal with me next. Very clever."

Chloee smirked because she knew what William was thinking. Only William's trusted people knew that he was the Dungeon Conqueror. If the Pope got wind of this, she would definitely shift her attention to William and use every means necessary to capture, kill, or make him submit to them.

Someone who had the power to conquer all the Dungeons in the world, and use the monsters inside it as his personal army was truly a frightening opponent to fight against. Fortunately, they didn't know, which allowed William to build a formidable army, right under their noses.

"Tell them I agree, but they will have to sign the contract I formally draft," William stated. "Words don't hold any value. Everything must be settled under a contract or the deal is off."

William immediately bought a high-quality contract from the God Shop that belonged to the God of Contract, Sancus, who was also responsible for giving him Donger.

The Half-Elf wrote the terms of their non-aggression pact, stating that the Pope, as well as all the Virtues, must sign it in order for it to take effect.

The contents of the contract was pretty simple and straightforward. It stated that if the Holy Order of Light were to break the non-agression pact, in any way possible, before Felix and Ahriman were dealt with, all of them would become William's slaves.

On the other hand, if William broke the rules, he would become Celeste's slave for a year, and listen to her every command.

Although William's punishment was less severe than what the Pope and the other Virtues would suffer from if they broke the rules, it was still something that gave them assurance that the Half-Elf would not openly break the temporary truce between them.

He made sure to tell Chloee that this agreement was non-negotiable. The black-haired teenager even added that if they didn't agree to his conditions, he would send them Temperance's and Justice's severed heads as a gift.

As the Prince of Darkness, William wanted to make them think that he was a very ruthless individual. This would make it easier to get them to sign the contract in fear that he would do as he declared, and kill two of the Seven Virtues, which would greatly weaken the power of their Holy Order.

William signed the contract, and decided to let Lira and Ephemera sign it as well when they woke up.

Since he could just send the contract to Sancus, and ask him to become the middle-man between him and Celeste's Patron Goddess, he didn't need to worry about personally meeting with the beautiful Elf, who always made him remember of his Master, Celine, who was pregnant with his child.

William's eyes glowed faintly when he remembered the God of Death who had taken the souls of his wives, as well as his Master, Celine.

He knew that if he wanted to take them back, he must deal with Felix and Ahriman first. Once he had taken his revenge, he would then divert his attention in finding ways to save them from Death's grasp.

Seeing that William's mood had shifted to revenge, Chloee decided to change the mood and kissed him on the lips.

"Let's have breakfast together," Chloee proposed. "Medusa, Princess Aila, and Shannon will be waking up soon. It has been a while since all of us ate at the same table. What do you think?"

William smiled and nodded his head. As the Master of the Thousand Beast Domain, he knew everything that was happening inside it like a God.

"It will be a while before the three of them wake up," William stated. "Why don't you and I take a bath together first? I'm sure that they'll be up when we're done."

Chloee smiled as she playfully took off the bath towel that was wrapped around William's waist and let it fall on the floor.

"What are we waiting for?" Chloee said with a sweet, mischievous smile on her beautiful face. "I'll make sure to clean you up, reaaaaaally good."

William chuckled as he held Chloee's hand firmly and led her back to his room. It had been a while since the two of them shared some quality time together due to how busy he had become these last few days.

Now that a perfect opportunity had arrived, he would make sure to let her feel loved, as a reward for her love for him.