Chapter 1127 I Don't Want My Will To Become A Slave To Anyone!

A few hours later, Lira and Ephemera sat at the dining table and ate lunch together.Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

The one that was serving them was none other than Charmaine, whom William had ordered to take good care of them, and allow them to wander around the Thousand Beast Domain if they wished to do so.

"Excuse me, Do you know where Will is?" Lira asked after she finished eating.

Charmaine eyed the brown-haired beauty in front of her. Only her Master's wives, lovers, and close friends, called him in that endearing manner. The beautiful Elf knew that William had made the two virtuous ladies submit, but she didn't know how much they had fallen for him.

"Master is currently handling things and is not here in the Thousand Beast Domain," Charmaine replied. "Rest assured, he has ordered me to take care of your every need, as well as guide you if you ever wish to leave the Villa and look around."

"I see," Lira lowered her head with a dejected look. "Do you know when he'll be back?"

Lira's hand subconsciously caressed the slight bulge in her abdomen as she thought of the cold, black-haired teenager that made love to her in a gentle manner.

"No," Charmaine replied. "However, Master asked me to get both of you to sign a contract that he had left in my care once you are done eating."

Ephemera, who had just finished eating, arched an eyebrow as she stared at William's personal maid. "A contract?"

Charmaine nodded. "Please, head to the living room first while I clean the table. I will look for you shortly after I'm done and show both of you the contract."

Lira and Ephemera nodded as they followed Charmaine to the living room.

When they arrived, they found an angelic looking girl with purple-hair and eyes that were a shade lighter than Ephemera's.

"Princess Aila, these two are the Virtue of Temperance and the Virtue of Justice," Charmaine introduced the two ladies to her. "They are Master's guests."

Princess Aila glanced at the two girls before nodding her head in understanding.

"My name is Aila," Princess Aila said. "No need to call me Princess."

Charmaine then left the living room to help the other Elves clean up the dining room, before returning to her duty to watch over Lira and Ephemera.

As the three girls sat inside the room, Ephemera wasn't able to stop herself from talking to Princess Aila and asked her what her relationship with William was.

"Right now, William and I are friends," Princess Aila replied with a smile. "How about the two of you?"

"I am… Will's…," Lira paused because she didn't know how to answer Princess Aila's question.

She had already given her True Name to William, which gave him the power to control her life in any way that he wanted. She was no different from a puppet, and a slave that moved according to her Master's wishes.

Ephemera couldn't stand the pitiful look on her friend's face and decided to answer Princess Aila's question.

"We are his secret mistresses," Ephemera said with a calm expression on her face. However if one were to look closely, one would be able to see a tinge of redness creeping up on her face.

"S-Secret mistresses?" Princess Aila's eyes widened in shock as she alternated her gaze between the two beautiful ladies in front of her. "A-As expected of Will. Even the Virtues cannot hold a candle to him."

Lira covered her face with both of her hands in embarrassment when she heard Ephemera's answer.

Ephemera, on the other hand, could only sigh internally because her arrogant and stubborn friend had now been downgraded to a maiden in love, who would turn to jelly if William were to hold her in his arms.

It was at that moment when Charmaine returned to the living room holding a scroll in her hands. She had heard Ephemera's declaration and an amused smile was plastered on her lips.

Right now, she had already become William's woman, but she pleaded with him to only make her as a concubine and not a wife. If there was a hierarchy in William's harem, her position would be second only to his wives, while Lira and Ephemera were below her in rank.

"Excuse me, this is the contract that Master wanted both of you to sign," Charmaine respectfully handed the contract to Ephemera.

The lady of Justice unfurled the scroll and read its contents. Half a minute later, her eyes widened in shock after seeing the condition written in the contract.

"A non aggression pact in exchange for our freedom?" Ephemera asked. "I thought that he was going to free us without any strings attached?"

"This was not Will's idea."

A mischievous voice said, making everyone in the living room turn their heads towards the newcomer.

"Celeste talked to me last night while both of you were being embraced by Will," Chloee stated. "He had every intention to let both of you go, but the Holy Order thought that you girls were being tortured, so they decided to negotiate with him for your release."

Ephemera nodded her head in understanding after hearing Chloee's explanation.

"A non-aggression pact is also good," Ephemera muttered before taking the pen that was handed to her by Chloee. "As long as this will keep him safe. I am fine with it."

The purple-haired beauty didn't bat an eye and signed the contract before handing it over to Lira, who read its contents with a serious expression on her face.

Half a minute later, a pouting expression appeared on her face when she read the line that if William were to break the agreement, he would become Celeste's slave for a year.

"I won't sign this if this condition is not removed," Lira said with a serious expression on her face. "I don't want My Will to become a slave to anyone!"

'''My Will?'''

Everyone in the room exclaimed internally after hearing Lira's declaration. Chloee, Charmaine, and Ephemera wanted to reprimand her, but decided to just keep their thoughts inside their head, after seeing Lira's flushed expression.

'This girl is a goner.'

'Master might have accidentally released his seed inside her ear or something. It seems that her brain is not working properly.

'Fortunately, I didn't fall as far as she did. I'd probably kill myself out of embarassment if I called him "My Will" in front of everyone.'

Chloee, Charmaine, and Ephemera shook their heads helplessly. They couldn't look at the brown-haired beauty who was now hopelessly, and madly, in love with William.

Princess Aila's face, on the other hand, was already red as a tomato after hearing that both girls had been embraced by William last night. But, after hearing Lira's outburst, she could only cover her face with both hands as she felt her cheeks burn due to embarrassment.

Lira also immediately covered her face with both hands after realizing what she had just said. She was a maiden just a day ago, and had no experience with what it was like to fall in love. The only thing she knew was that she didn't like the idea of William becoming anyone's slave because it made her angry.

"I-I… I'm sorry!" Lira immediately ran away from the living room with a flushed expression on her face.

After William had stripped her of her clothes, arrogance, and dignity, she had become a maiden that had fallen in love with the man who had made her a woman.

Even Ephemera didn't expect this drastic change in her friend's behavior after she surrendered her body and soul to their enemy.

Chloee and Charmaine exchanged a glance, and the latter ran after Lira who had left the Villa on her own. They felt that the Virtue of Temperance was not in the right state of mind to wander inside the Thousand Beast Domain, so she mustn't be left alone at all cost.

"Let's follow her," Ephemera said as she stood up. "Although she isn't a klutz, she often finds herself in troublesome situations most of the time."

Chloee nodded her head as she followed Ephemera outside the Villa, leaving Princess Aila behind.

'S-Should I follow them?' Princess Aila thought before standing from the couch and running after them. For some reason, she didn't want to be left out by the four ladies, just in case something interesting happened to them.