Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1128 The Life Of My Granddaughter Ain't Cheap

Lira ran without a destination in mind. Her mind was a mess and the only thing she could think of was the black-haired teenager who held her in a warm and protective embrace.

Perhaps having been almost alone all her life and dealing with her problems on her own, she secretly longed for someone to depend on. Someone that would hold the sky when it falls, and someone who would tell her that everything was going to be alright.

As she kept on running, she found herself headed for what seemed to be a cave, not far from the Villa where she came from.

'That might be a good place to hide,' Lira thought as she continued to run straight ahead. 'Although she didn't know if the cave was dangerous or not, she wasn't afraid. She was one of the Virtues, and she wasn't a weak woman who could easily be killed by some random monster.

Even if a Demigod were to appear, she was confident that she could escape unharmed due to the unique power of her Divinity.

As she ran inside the cave, she noticed that several magic crystals hung on its walls, giving the path illumination.

After five more minutes of running, she found herself in a wide cavern, where the magic crystals were congregated, giving her a refreshing feeling as a strong wave of magical power passed through her body.

Then, she saw them.

Three blocks of ice stood at the very center of the cavern. In front of them, a small altar-like table was placed. Several fruits were laid up on top of the altar, as if they were some kind of offering, which made Lira wonder if she had come to a sacred place.

As she moved closer to the blocks of ice, she noticed that there was something inside them. She wasn't able to see it from far away, but after getting closer her heart skipped a beat inside her chest when she finally understood what she was looking at.

"Are they perhaps…," Lira muttered as her feet took her in front of the ice crystals.

Her gaze landed on the ice crystal that was at the very center and saw a pink-haired girl, whose clothes were stained with blood. Her eyes were closed and yet, her adorable face, that would make anyone want to protect her, held a sadness that made Lira's heart ache.

On her right, was an extremely beautiful lady, with long reddish-brown hair that was scattered like a waterfall. Her beauty, that was enough to charm countless men and women, was trapped—frozen in time. Just like the pink-haired girl, her clothes were stained with blood.

The ice crystal that was on the left showed another beautiful lady, with disheveled light-blue hair. Dirt smeared her face, and yet, it was not enough to make her any less beautiful. Frozen tears could be seen on the side of her face, that glowed faintly in the light that came from the magic crystals.

The three ladies inside the crystals had one thing in common. All of them looked as if they were grieving, and they carried this pain, even in death.

"They are William's wives."

Lira slowly turned her head to see Chloee, Ephemera, Charmaine, and Princess Aila walking towards her.

"They died trying to reach William and prevent him from being killed by our enemies," Chloee said softly. "The lady on the left with light-blue hair is Ashe, she is William's second wife.

"The one at the center is Chiffon, William's third Wife. She was one of the Deadly Sins and held the sin of Gluttony. Lastly, Princess Sidonie. She holds the Sin of Lust, and was William's fourth wife. She can be a bit possessive at times, and always asks William to give her his babies."

Lira's gaze shifted to the Lady of Lust with an understanding gaze. For some reason, she felt that the two of them might have become good friends because they wanted the same thing from the handsome Half-Elf, whose child they wanted to bear.

"I don't know how strong that girl named Ashe is, but I don't believe that Gluttony and Lust would die so easily," Lira stated. "Who has the power to defeat two of the Sins at once?"

"A God," Charmaine answered through gritted teeth. "The Lord of Darkness and Chaos, Ahriman. He was the one that interfered with William's duel with that bastard Demon Prince, and is the one who killed the three of them, while they were attempting to save Master."

Ephemera who was just listening to the side had her arms crossed over her chest. She had met Princess Sidonie and Chiffon during the banquet at the Misty Sect. Back then, she only had a profound dislike for them since they were the ones who bore the Sins of the World.

But now, she felt envious of them because she finally understood what kind of man they had married, and loved.

"Can you tell me more about them?" Lira turned her head to look at Charmaine. "I want to know what they were like when they were still alive."

Charmaine found Lira's request rather peculiar, but she still nodded her head to agree to her request.

"Let's go back to the Villa," Charmaine said. "I will prepare some refreshments and tell you everything I know about the ladies that my Master loved very much."

—--

Somewhere in the Kraetor Empire…

A giant ten-meter tall Purple Toad looked down at the black-haired teenager that had come to challenge it.

Four toads that were over three-meter-tall stood in front of the Boss as his lackeys in this battle.

"Sorry, but I have no time to play with you all," William said as he waved his arm. "Fortaare Death Worm time for you to eat."

A golden gate appeared behind William, and the head of a Gigantic Desert Worm passed through it.

The Boss Monster, as well as its minions didn't even have time to flee as the giant mouth, filled to the brim with razor sharp teeth came crashing towards them.

William didn't even bother to check the results of the battle as he walked deeper inside the dungeon where the Dungeon Core of the Mirage Caverns was located.

When William stepped into the Dungeon Core Room, the glow of the dungeon core pulsed as if seeing its mortal enemy.

"Are you scared?" William asked as he walked towards the core with an indifferent face.

The dungeon core glowed once, as if answering William's question. The Dungeon Conqueror was the mortal enemy of all Dungeons because he could conquer them and make them submit to him, regardless of whether they liked it or not.

"There's nothing to be afraid of," William said as he placed his hand over the Dungeon Core who trembled under his touch. "From now on, you belong to me."

The dungeon core room was bathed with golden light as William used the power of his Dungeon Conqueror to overwrite the Dungeon Core and absorb it inside his body.

A few minutes later, the light in the room receded, and the Dungeon Core was no more.

"One down… thousands more to go," William said as he disappeared from where he stood.

On that day, news of the Dungeon no longer producing Monsters reached the ears of Emperor Leonidas, who was also Princess Sidonie's grandfather.

"So, you have returned." Emperor Leonidas sighed as he closed his eyes. "You better put that Dungeon to good use, boy. The life of my granddaughter ain't cheap."

The Emperor of the Kraetor Empire who ruled above others had long suspected that William was the current Dungeon Conqueror of the World. Usually, when a Dungeon Conqueror dies, news of his replacement would be known far and wide.

Since there had been no news of anyone gaining the power to conquer Dungeons several years after the war in the Silvermoon Contenent, everyone thought that Maxwell still retained his power, even though he had already merged with the World Tree.

If Emperor Leonidas had made this information known, he was sure that everyone would shift their attention to William, instead of the Demons that were forming their armies in the Demon Continent.

Even so, he had no plans to tell anyone about this discovery.

"The blood of the covenant is thicker than the water of the womb," Emperor Leonidas muttered as he stood from his throne. "If you wish for revenge, the Kraetor Empire has your back. Let's show them that no one, not even the Heir of Darkness, nor the God of Darkness and Chaos, can overturn the fire that burns brightly within the hearts of the Human race!"Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

On that same day, the Emperor of the Kraetor Empire mobilized its army and ordered them to march towards the front of the battlefield.