Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1129 I Decide Whether Someone Is Guilty Or Not

A Hydra's giant body lay on the ground, shrieking in pain as black flames burned its body.

Among monsters, it had a very powerful regeneration ability that allowed it to regrow its heads countless times. However, right now, its regeneration ability wasn't working because the black flames prevented its body from regenerating.

Soon, its entire body was engulfed by flames, turning into particles of light.

A moment later, a purple Beast Core that was as big as a basketball ball rolled on the ground, but William ignored it.

Two Dumb Birds flew out of a small portal behind William's back and started pecking on the crystal, which made their bodies glow faintly.

They were none other than B1 and B2, and the two birds were hell-bent to increasing their ranks in order to get revenge for the enemies that killed their beloved friend, and Master, Chiffon.

William arrived at the Dungeon Core Room and absorbed his second Dungeon Core of the day.

Just as he was about to use the features of the Dungeon Conqueror to teleport to a random dungeon, Optimus told him that a day had passed in the real world, and it was now time for him to return in order to settle that matter with Lira and Ephemera.

'Have they both signed it?' William asked. Since he was too busy with his task, he assigned Optimus to monitor Lira's and Ephemera's movement inside the Thousand Beast Domain, just in case the two of them caused trouble for everyone there.

< Only Ephemera. Lira didn't like the contents of the contract and didn't want to sign it. >

William frowned after hearing Optimus' report.

"What part of it did she not like?"Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

< I made a recording. It is best if I just show it to you. >

A few seconds later, a projection appeared in front of Wiliam.

—--

"I won't sign this if this condition is not removed," Lira said with a serious expression on her face. "I don't want My Will to become a slave to anyone!"

—--

William sighed as he watched the brown-haired beauty run away with an embarrassed expression on her face after realizing what she had just said out loud.

"Fine. I'll deal with this matter first," William said as he opened a portal to return to the Thousand Beast Domain. No one noticed it, including William and Optimus, but the corners of the black-haired teenager's lips, when he entered the portal to return to his domain, were slightly raised.

—--

When William arrived at the Villa, he found Lira sitting on the swing outside of the residence.

The moment the brown-haired beauty felt William's presence, she immediately stood up and walked towards him with a smile on her face.

Lira then gave William a hug, before standing on tiptoes to kiss his lips.

"Are you hungry?" Lira asked as she looked up at William with a tender gaze.

"A little bit," William replied as he stared at the young lady whose Fate was under his complete control. "Were you waiting for me?"

Lira nodded. "I didn't know when you'd be returning, so I decided to wait for you here, outside. In truth, I want to apologize to you for what I said about your wives. I shouldn't have done that. They are all wonderful women, and while I didn't want to admit it, I feel envious of them because you love them so much."

"I see," William replied.

"Will… can we talk?"

"Aren't we talking right now?"

Lira glanced behind her and saw the several pairs of eyes that were looking in their direction from the Villa. Clearly, there were a few ladies who seemed to be looking for gossip and were paying close attention to the two who were hugging each other.

"In private," Lira tiptoed to whisper in William's ears. "There are so many flies here, and I don't want them buzzing around us as we talk."

William glanced at Chloee, Charmaine, Ephemera, Princess Aila, and the other Elves who were pretending to be wiping the windows of the residence, while their ears were perked up, waiting for juicy tidbits.

"Okay." William held Lira's body tightly as he teleported the two of them to the 20th Floor of the Dungeon of Atlantis.

This was the place that William and his wives used as a beach resort, before Chiffon ate the entire floor due to her Divinity going out of control. William had already remodeled it back to how it once was, and even reconstructed the small house that they'd use whenever they visited the place.

"Before we talk, I heard from a little bird that you didn't sign the contract," William stated. "I already mentioned that I planned to release you and Ephemera, but the compromise of the Holy Order came at a good time. This will prevent conflicts between our two factions, and we can focus on our own goals without the need to burn each other's backyard."

Lira didn't answer right away. Instead, she just stared at William's golden eyes, which were faintly glowing with power.

"Do you want me to sign it?" Lira asked after several minutes had passed.

"Yes. It will be more efficient this way."

"Understood. I will sign it later."

"That's good to hear." William kissed Lira's forehead. "I like good girls."

"Liar," Lira replied with a pout. "You don't like good girls. You like bad girls. This is why you married the Sins. You even dumped Celeste because she is part of the good faction, right?"

"You know that's not true, right?" William said as his hand lightly caressed the slight bulge in Lira's lower abdomen. "You are quite stubborn. Do you think you will get my baby by doing it like this?"

Lira's face reddened because William had guessed her intention. She thought that if she could keep the black-haired teenager's seed inside her, she would become pregnant with his child.

However, more than a day had already passed and she could tell that she still wasn't impregnated with William's seeds.

"Even though today isn't my safe day…," Lira muttered sadly as she lowered her head.

William then used his finger to raise Lira's chin and gave her a long and tender kiss on her lips. After the kiss ended, he pulled back and stared at her with a serious expression on his face.

"Silly girl, you are about to fight a large-scale war, and you can only think about making babies?" William asked. "Do you want to raise your baby when the world is about to fall into utter chaos? Is that the environment you planned to give birth in?"

"No," Lira replied. "I don't want that."

"Then in that case, fight," William stated. "Fight and create a peaceful world. A world where kids can grow up happily without worrying about wars happening around them."

Lira looked up at Will as she bit her lip. After a while, she asked him a question.

"If… If I help create that world, will you allow me to raise your child?"

William stared at Lira for half a minute before giving her an answer.

Tears streamed down the side of Lira's face as her vision blurred. She then pressed her hand over the slight bulge on her abdomen and activated the power of her Divinity. William's essences that were inside her womb were instantly converted into magical energy, making her abdomen return to its normal size.

The black-haired teenager looked at the crying young lady and sighed. He then stood up and teleported Lira and himself back to the Thousand Beast Domain.

The Half-Elf walked towards the villa carrying the Virtuous Lady of Temperance in his arms, under the scrutiny of the many eyes, who didn't know why Lira was crying.

"I won't have dinner tonight, Charmaine," William said as he walked past his personal maid. "Also, bring the contract to my room. Lira is going to sign it. After that, Chloee, make sure to keep in close touch with Celeste and see how the Pope reacts to my conditions."

""Understood."" Charmaine and Chloee replied in unison.

"Ephemera, follow me," William ordered. "We need to talk."

"... Okay," Ephemera nodded and followed behind William.

As if remembering something important, the black-haired teenager stopped walking and glanced at all the ladies inside the residence.

"The three of us will be discussing important matters," William declared. "So, unless something urgent happens, don't bother us, okay?"

Charmaine, Chloee, and the Elves nodded in unison. The black-haired teenager rarely gave them this kind of order, so since he was giving it now, it meant that he would not tolerate anyone disobeying his instructions.

That night, Lira and Ephemera were instructed by William about many things. He told him about everything he knew about Felix, and Ahriman, as well as possible ways to counter them. The black-haired teenager wanted the Holy Order, as well as their allies, to be aware of the kind of opponents that they were up against.

Lira had also signed the contract, so he immediately sent it to Sancus using the God Shop. The God of Contracts owed William a favor because he was taking good care of Donger. He knew that he would handle things discreetly and ensure that the contents of the contract would be honored.

After William finished his explanation he turned around to leave, but Lira held his hand and pleaded that he stayed with them, because when morning came, they would have to leave.

The Half-Elf didn't have the heart to push Lira away, especially after what he told her earlier, so he decided to agree to her last request.

That night, Lira poured her heart and soul into burning William's caresses, and his shape inside her body and soul.

Ephemera who was just watching from the side decided to go with the flow and embraced William from behind.

Soon, the three of them made love one last time, before the two ladies went to war on the front lines.

After the two ladies were sated with their love, and lust, they hugged William, and laid their heads on his chest.

"Will you miss me?" Lira asked William as she caressed the black obsidian gem on his chest.

"No," William replied. "Having you around is a pain."

"How mean," Ephemera commented from the side. "Can't you just say yes and let her leave this place in a happy mood? Why are you so stingy?"

"I don't want to lie, that's all."

"Tsk."

William sighed as he lightly caressed the new bulge that was swelling on Lira's abdomen with his left hand.

The brown-haired beauty was still taking her chances, and he didn't know if he should pinch her backside, or he should pour one more serving in her womb so that she would be satisfied.

"Me, too," Ephemera complained helplessly as William caressed her lower abdomen, which was bulging slightly as well due to his seed. "I don't want this. I look silly with this thing."

Lira had played a prank on Ephemera and used her Divinity to make her share the same fate as her.

The brown-haired beauty chuckled, as tears streamed down her eyes. This was the last time she would be with William, and she wanted to make it a beautiful memory.

Even though the Half-Elf had rejected her, she would not give up her feelings for him, and pursue him repeatedly until he said yes.

'I think I'll ask Lady Sphrosyne to help me in this matter,' Lira thought of her Patron Goddess who always supported her in whatever she did. 'Maybe she can give me some advice in love in order to succeed.'

The brown-haired beauty closed her eyes, while being wrapped around William's warmth with a smile on her face.

—---

Meanwhile, in the Temple of the Ten Thousand Gods…

The corner of Gavin's lips were twitching as he stared at the three beautiful Goddesses in front of him, who had come to his small hut to have some "tea" together.

However, it was not only tea they wanted from the God of All Trades, but a favor.

"Gavin, men should take responsibility for their actions, right?" a young and beautiful Goddess wearing a white dress asked after taking a sip from the cup of tea that Gavin had prepared for her. "Men who don't do that are called scum, right?"

Before Gavin could even answer, a powerful, and intimidating voice interjected.

"I agree with you, Sphrosyne," another beautiful Goddess, who held a scale in one hand and had her sword pointed at Gavin's face, commented. "I decide whether someone is guilty or not, and I find your Disciple guilty. What do you have to say for yourself, Gavin? You know that we can talk this out properly, or we can do it the hard way."

The third Goddess, who was quietly sipping her tea earlier, placed it on top of the wooden table and tried to pacify the two Goddesses, who were on the verge of stabbing Gavin if he said "No" to their request.

She was none other than the Goddess Artemis, who presided over wild animals, hunting, childbirth and chastity.

"Sphrosyne, and Astraea, please, do not resort to violence," Artemis said with a smile. "All of us are Gods, so we should discuss these… incidents in a civil manner."

Originally, Artemis wasn't supposed to come, but Sphrosyne, and Astraea, dragged her since she was one of the Goddesses that presided over the Seven Virtues.

The main reason why the two Goddesses decided to bring Artemis was due to the fact that she was Celeste's Patron Goddess. Since her daughter was also linked to William, the two thought that having her around would pressure Gavin into forcing William to take responsibility for their daughters.

"I agree," the Young Goddess in white nodded her head. "Let's talk about this civilly for now, Astraea. It won't be too late to descend to Hestia and cut off that boy's sinful member if he doesn't agree to take responsibility."

"I guess you are right." Astraea agreed as she lowered the sword in her hand and placed it to the side before sipping the tea that Gavin had prepared for them.

Gavin tried to keep a calm expression on his face as he looked at the two Goddesses while chuckling internally.

'You want to descend to Hestia? Go ahead!' Gavin thought. 'William currently had Donger with him. Let's see if both of you don't come back to the temple screaming your lungs out after William gives you a round or two.

'Still, I can't deny that this is a troublesome thing,' Gavin knew that the Goddesses of Virtues was an unreasonable bunch. Although they usually kept to themselves most of the time, they were like a pack of wild geese that banded together when their feathers were ruffled.

'William, my boy, please, keep Donger firmly secured in your pants,' Gavin sighed. 'If not, I will have no choice but to leave the Temple for a while and go into hiding. This trouble that you've caused is giving me a headache.'

The God of All Trades could only entertain his guests, by giving them vague promises. He neither approved or rejected their claims.

Artemis watched these exchanges with a smile on her face. Although she didn't particularly like or dislike William, she found the boy, who was supposed to be Celeste's groom, mildly interesting.