Chapter 1131 As Tiny As A Matchstick!

The trickling of water could be heard in the surroundings, alongside the chattering of young ladies who were trying to get answers from their two sisters, who had just returned to the Palace of Light.

"Your skin is still smooth and there are no signs of scars and bruises," a girl with long-silver head said as she rubbed Ephemera's skin with her delicate hands. "Did that bastard Prince really not do anything to you? Don't worry, I promise to avenge your death when I see him in battle."

"Can you please, not kill me off just yet?" Lira replied as she flicked the head of the Virtue of Charity, whose name was Cherry.

"Ouch!" The little girl immediately covered her forehead with her hands before applying some healing magic on it. "I knew it! The Prince of Darkness did something to you. You were not this violent in the past!"

The girl with long, reddish brown hair chuckled after seeing the youngest of them all getting bullied by Lira. She was none other than the Virtue of Faith, and her name was Melody.

"Come here, Cherry," Melody said with a smile. "I'll protect you from that bully."

"Big Sister!"

"There, there, calm down. I'll take good care of you."

The girl with shoulder-length blue hair, had her arms out and sighed as she soaked in the giant pool, while stead beside Ephemera. Her name was Shana, and she held the Virtue of Prudence.

"Are you sure that both of you are alright?" Shana asked. "He didn't do anything bad to either of you, right?"

"No," Ephemera replied. "More like, he didn't have time to do anything to us because Celeste managed to contact Chloee in time. Because the Pope was willing to negotiate, we didn't suffer much in his hands.

"That's good to hear," Audrey, the Virtue of Fortitude commented from the side. "I thought that the Half-Elf would torture Lira for trying to sneak attack him during the capture mission."

Ephemera only smiled. Deep inside, she wanted to tell Audrey that her hunch was spot on, and William did indeed deal with Lira in a manner that made the latter fall head over heels to William.

Naturally, she couldn't say this information because it would jeopardize the mission that William had given the two of them.

The purple-haired beauty then stared at all seven of her sisters that represented the Virtues of the World.

Prudence (Shana), Justice (Ephemera), Temperance (Lira), Fortitude (Audrey), Faith (Melody), Charity (Cherry), and Chastity, Celeste.

All seven of them were now gathered inside the Palace of Light, which made its radiance shine even brighter.

Originally, it was only Lira and Ephemera who wanted to take a long bath, and soak in the hot springs inside the palace in order to relax after their passion-filled-night with William.

Lira had already removed all traces of the bulge in their lower abdomen, which would have definitely caused a commotion if it was seen by their sisters. In order to prevent any mishaps from happening, the brown-haired beauty reluctantly turned the essences inside their womb into magical energy that could be stored inside their bodies.Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

"Big Sis Lira, can you tell me what the Prince of Darkness is like?" the little girl Cherry asked Lira while soaking a few meters away from her. She had heard many awful things about William, and she wanted to confirm if those rumors were true.

"You want to know what he is like?" Lira snorted at the image of the handsome, black-haired teenager appeared inside her mind.

"Yes! I want to know more about him."

"Very well. I will tell you what he is like, so listen up!"

The little girl gulped as she waited for the brown-haired beauty to tell her what the Prince of Darkness was like. Surprisingly, all the girls inside the hot springs were also paying attention to her, which made the corners of Lira's lips rise into a sneer.

"He is a selfish, stupid, idiot, fool, brainless, thick-headed dummy who doesn't treat girls with care," Lira stated. "Although I didn't see it properly, I bet that his little brother is as tiny as a matchstick!"

"Pffft!"

Ephemera covered her mouth with her right hand, but her body continued to tremble as she fought off the laughter that was bubbling inside her chest. A few hours ago, Lira had begged William for his "tiny matchstick", and the brown-haired kissed it repeatedly as if it was the most precious thing in the world.

Now that the Half-Elf was nowhere in sight, she started to slander him because he rejected her offer of giving birth to his child, which Ephemera found really funny.

"... What little brother are you talking about?" Cherry asked.

Although she was already sixteen years old, she had been raised in a temple with only nuns, so she wasn't familiar with the terms that Lira was using.

The brown-haired beauty blinked before lightly pinching the girl's cheeks.

"You don't have to know," Lira said as she gave Ephemera a warning glance, which the latter returned with a mischievous smile on her face.

Lira pouted as she stood up and left the hot springs without a backward glance. She was still very upset with how William treated her heartfelt proposal to bear his child once the threat of Felix and Ahriman was gone.

Even so, she vowed that she wouldn't give up and even hatched a plan. Part of that plan was to drag Celeste into an affair so that the Virtue of Chastity couldn't meddle.

Celeste, who was soaking peacefully in the hot springs, felt a chill run down her spine that came out of nowhere.

'Why did this place suddenly become chilly?,' Celeste thought as she scanned the surroundings looking for any open window where the air might have come from.

She was not aware that from the corner of her vision, Ephemera was looking at her with an amused expression on her face. Although William didn't order her to do anything to Celeste, the Virtue of Justice felt that it wouldn't be a bad idea to stick close to the beautiful Elf, who was prophesied to become William's Bride of Darkness.