Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1133 This Is One Slippery Dungeon Thief [Part 2]

Byron tapped his finger on top of the table after looking at the projection of the Central Continent in front of him.

Several blinking red dots could be seen in various locations of the map, and the frown on his face deepened when he realized that there was no pattern to the order of when these dungeons were conquered.

Although they had their suspicions, until they had confirmed that William was indeed the Dungeon Conqueror, there was still a possibility that this incident was completely unrelated to him.

What Byron and several rulers feared was that this person, whom they had labeled as the new Dungeon Conqueror, might be working under Felix's orders. This was why they had set some ambushes on some of the Dungeons in order to catch a glimpse of this mysterious Conqueror who was stealing dungeon cores under their noses.

However, they became frustrated when they noticed that their target could jump from the North, South, West, East, and Central regions of the continent in a heartbeat, making their ambushes futile.

Over twenty dungeons had been reported to have lost their cores for the past two weeks, and there was nothing they could do about it.

"This is one slippery Dungeon thief," Byron muttered as he shook his head helplessly.

The Headmaster of Hestia Academy then waved his hand and the red blinking dots on the map disappeared, and were replaced with green dots.

It showed a defensive line along the Central, and Northern Regions of the Central Continent that would immediately react once the Amberfang Fortress in the Demon Continent had been breached.

The Alliance was confident that they were more than ready to face anything that Felix and Ahriman could throw at them. Now that the Elves had also joined their alliance, several ships had left the Silvermoon Continent where a million of the Elves' Elte Warriors would work hand in hand with the other races in their fight against the forces of darkness.

"This is the biggest and strongest alliance ever made for the past hundreds of years," Byron muttered. "Still, why is there this nagging feeling at the back of my head that what we are doing is still not enough to contain this threat? Are we missing something important?"

The Headmaster of Hestia Academy pondered for several minutes, but the nagging feeling refused to go away. It was as if the feeling was mocking Byron for being unable to connect the dots together, which made him frustrated.

—--

Thousand Beast Domain…

Shannon sighed as she traced her fingers on one of the drawings that she had drawn more than two weeks ago.

It was the scene of William punishing Lira, and the silver-haired fox lady couldn't help but tremble whenever she replayed the scenes in her head.

Another painting materialized in the air, and this time, it was in the bath house where Wiliam had gently cared for Lira, which made Ephemera feel envious. She watched with a heated gaze as the purple-haired beauty offered herself to William, as she surrendered herself willingly to him.

Shannon was truly envious of them because Wiliam had embraced both of the Virtues, who had been subdued by his words, deeds, and charisma.

The young fox lady would be lying if she said that the thought of swapping places with Lira and Ephemera hadn't crossed her mind. However, that was just that. They were just mere thoughts, that would come and go like the passing breeze.

She knew, with utmost certainty, of the role that she had to play. Although she was tempted to reach out to William, and spend the night with him, she held back because now was not the time. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Although she didn't know when the right time was, she just knew that this was not the time to frolic with the handsome Half-Elf, who was currently conquering Dungeons left and right.

'But, I need him in a week,' Shannon thought. 'The power of the mask is fading, and its energy must be replenished or I might accidentally kill all of his allies. For the time being, should I go and look for Aila? The two of us are in the same boat, and she is a worthy ally for my future endeavors.'

The young fox lady smiled underneath her mask as she thought of the angelic beauty who was doing nothing all day but wandering around the Thousand Beast Domain, in search of things to do.

It was not like William was neglecting the Princess that had once been his lover when he was still an Einherjar in Asgard. He had just been too busy as of late, and most of their interactions were only when William was in need of treatment, or when the Half-Elf needed Princess Aila's Life Essence to stabilize the corruption in his soul.

Although the role Princess Aila played right now was a minor one, Shannon knew that this would drastically change in the future.

How did she know that?

She knew it through her Psychic Powers. Although she couldn't see the future like Elliot did, her heightened senses were able to predict the flow of one's Fate. Just like the colors she used on her painting, she was able to see the colors that surrounded a person's aura.

For her, the colors didn't lie, and right now, Aila's color was still a rich green, and filled with life. However, at the center of it all, there was a silver radiance that didn't belong to her.

Shannon had caught a glimpse of a familiar face inside it. She had drawn the black-haired beauty before when William went to a world called Earth, and wondered how Princess Aila was able to acquire it.

She knew the angelic Princess' character, and understood that stealing something important from William was something that she would never do. Since that was the case, there was only one explanation.

"William gave it to her." Shannon concluded. "Her role is to safeguard his heart and protect it from being corrupted completely."

A smile appeared on the young fox lady's face as she walked towards the door with the intention of looking for Princess Aila.

Since she now had an idea of what it was that the angelic princess was trying to protect, Shannon would do her best to ensure that William's heart didn't fall into the wrong hands.