Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1134 Stepping Into The Ranks Of Demigods

William closed his eyes as the corruption in his soul reached the next stage.

Dark mists were oozing out of his body, and swirling around him like a tornado. Right now, he was sitting on top of the Glory Stadium where he, Lilith, and Raizel once stayed.

The Deadlands had merged with the Thousand Beast Domain, and had given his Domain something unique that didn't belong to the world of Hestia. The Demon Clans that had joined William were doing their best to help restore it by following the guideline that William had given to them.

Although electricity was a foreign concept to them, there were many smart Demons, like Athrun, who were fascinated by the books that William had bought from the God Shop, and translated into the language of Hestia.

The construction of the buildings proceeded at a good pace as well since Demons had strong and sturdy bodies. To a certain extent, they were the perfect laborers.

Everyone was working together to restore the Deadlands into a city that would soon regain its former glory, similar to what it once was, before K-City was forcefully taken to wander in the void by powers that were beyond William's control.

Everyone watched in awe as a black tornado appeared at the center of the city. The Half-Elf had made sure that his breakthrough would not affect anyone in the vicinity and compressed the dark energy around him.

Black lightning snaked around the black tornado, and thunder roared like a hundred lions roaring at the same time.

Chloee, Charmaine, Princess Aila, Ariadne, Shannon, Vesta, Medusa, and Anh, felt the fluctuation of power in the air, as William took that final step and ascended into the Ranks of Demigods.

When the black tornado cleared up, Chloee immediately flew towards the roof of the stadium.

Shannon on the other hand, twirled her brush and a purple portal appeared in front of her to where the black-haired teenager could be seen sitting cross legged, with his upper half bare for everyone to see.

The young fox lady walked into the portal in a casual manner, which prompted the rest of the girls to follow her.

A minute later, everyone stood on the rooftop of Glory Shelter, while they waited for William to consolidate his new powers.

"With this, Master's conquest of the dungeons will be faster," Charmaine said with a smile.

"You're right," Shannon replied. "Because this time, I will help him conquer them."

Chloee arched an eyebrow after hearing Shannon's declaration, but she didn't say anything. For some reason, the beautiful succubus couldn't estimate if the fox lady was stronger than her or not. As someone who was a battle junkie, Chloee had fought a lot of strong people.

But, even then, something was telling her that when Shannon became serious, even her Rulebreaker wouldn't be able to stop her.

"I wish I can also help," Princess Aila muttered at the side.

Shannon rested her head on the angelic Princess' shoulder. "Do not think of yourself as useless, because there will come a time when Will will need your strength."

"Um, he absorbs my Life Essence on a regular basis."

"I'm not only talking about that. Just wait. You will understand how important you are to him."

Princess Aila truly wanted to be of more help to William. There was a time during their session when she told William that she was willing to give him her blood in addition to her Life Essence, but the Half-Elf firmly rejected her proposal.

When she asked him why, he said that he might get addicted to the taste of her blood. Not only that, William told her that he might not be able to hold back and embrace her, due to the fact that she had been his ex-lover in his past life.

Right now, the two of them were friends, and William wanted it to remain that way. Princess Aila understood this, but she still couldn't stop thinking that among the people inside the black-haried teenager's Thousand Beast Domain, she was the most useless.

However, Shannon kept telling her that she was probably the most important person close to William at the moment. The angelic beauty didn't know why her friend kept on telling her this.

"You always say this." Princess Aila pouted. "But, I don't feel the same as you do."

"Patience, my dear Princess," Shannon chuckled. "Your time will come, and when it does…"

Shannon's eyes twinkled for a bit as she whispered something in Princess Aila's ears.

"When that time comes… William will be ours for the taking," Shannon whispered. "So, until then, just do what you've been doing everyday, and leave everything to me."

Princess Aila reluctantly nodded her head as she pondered what Shannon was hinting at. But, no matter how much she thought, she just didn't understand where her friend's confidence was coming from.

Five minutes later, William opened his eyes. He then exhaled a wisp of darkness, which lingered for a few in front of him like smoke before disappearing completely.

"Congratulations on your breakthrough, Master!" Charmaine said as she congratulated the black-haired teenager, whose current strength made her heart skip a beat.

William gave his personal maid a brief nod before standing up slowly. "Charmaine, gather the maids later. Anh, you join them as well."

"Yes Master!"

"Yes, My Lord."

Charmaine and Anh both bowed their heads in acknowledgement of William's orders. When the Half-Elf saw Princess Aila, a flash of desire passed through the depths of his eyes before it disappeared completely.

The Power of Darkness inside William's body, wished for conquest, and among the ladies around him, his power strongly reacted to the angelic Princess, as if she possessed something that the darkness wanted so badly.

However, William's instinct was suppressing this desire to conquer the Princess, who was currently looking at him with a worried gaze.

At most, he would just kiss her during their Life Magic transfer session, in order to sate the overwhelming desire that wanted to hold the angelic Princess in a firm grip.

William knew that if he didn't vent his desire with simple kisses, it would stack up and burst out like a damn, completely devouring the angelic beauty, who was like an innocent lamb, in front of the big bad wolf.

As if sensing his thoughts, Shannon moved her body in front of Princess Aila to block William's view. This made the Half-Elf both thankful to and irritated with the masked fox lady, who seemed to be preventing him from eating until he was full.

Black-haired teenager shook his head as he tried to disperse the desire that was trying to take hold of his senses. In order to change the mood, he glanced at the beautiful succubus beside him and asked her a question.

"Chloee, what is the current progress in the Orc Dungeon?" William asked. "Did you reach the 70th Floor?"

"Yes," Chloee replied. "Only the boss room is left. I was thinking of letting you handle the Boss in order for you to test the new powers that you possess."

William smiled as he gave Chloee a kiss. "You are very thoughtful. Thank you."

"Anything for you," Chloee replied as she hugged the man she loved.

The people in Hestia believed that the Demigods that roamed the lands were the only Demigods in the world. What they didn't know was that in the dungeons with eighty to ninety floors, the final boss monsters were actually Demigods.

Since they were bound inside the dungeon, they were unable to step out into the outside world.

This was also the reason why Maxwell was able to overcome many obstacles. During his peak, the Dungeon Conqueror was in command of Ten Demigods, which stopped the Demon Army's advance completely.

However, in the Dungeons that had a hundred floors or more, like the Dungeon of Atlantis, the Final Bosses were actually Pseudo-Gods. This was why no one had been able to conquer them, let alone step out of the boss room alive.

After getting the power of the Dungeon Conqueror, this secret was acquired by William, which made him want to conquer them very much.

Unfortunately, he couldn't use the Black Phoenix, Sepheron, against the Pseudo-God of Atlantis. The battlefield was at the deepest part of the ocean, and the Black Phoenix's elemental affinity was simply no match to his opponent, who had the territorial advantage.Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

This left William no choice but to look for other dungeons with a hundred or more floors in them. Right now, he was the weakest among the forces vying for supremacy in Hestia.

Felix as well as the Holy Order had Pseudo-Gods under their command. William only had one, so he needed at least three, or more to allow him to move unhindered in the lands.

Although he could summon Sun Wukong to aid him in battle, he felt that always relying on the Monkey King would not be helpful to his growth. This was why he decided to only use the resources he currently had to even out the battlefield.

The Dungeons with Pseudo-Gods in them were quite special. They weren't found in ordinary places.

No, they were only found in Forbidden Domains, like the Seventh Sanctum.

Now that William had caught the attention of the rulers of the Central Continent. He decided to lay low and drop off their radar for a bit and visit the Forbidden Grounds one by one.

'I guess I'll go to the Seventh Sanctum for now,' William thought. 'Might as well stop at the Trade City of Alabaster to see Haleth.'

William then glanced at Vesta, Ariadne, and Anh, who he had seen in his dream alongside Haleth, Pearl, Priscilla, Amelia, as well as a Half-Ling that looked like a doll.

He had already met all of these ladies, except for the Half-Ling who was only a little more than three feet tall in his dreams.

He didn't know what would happen if all these ladies were gathered, but something was telling William that he would soon find out, once he had gathered all of these young ladies inside his Thousand Beast Domain.