Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1135 Are There Any Benefits?

Trade City of Alabaster…

Haleth sighed as she looked at the news she received from one of her friends that worked in a guild that specialized in information gathering.

Right now, the underworld was in an uproar since the different kingdoms had decided to mobilize their army. A never before seen grand-scale crusade against the Demons, who were rumored to be invading the Central Continent very soon, was currently underway.

This made the Underworld quite busy as some of them offered their services as mercenaries for hire. They really didn't care who won the war between the races. For them, profit was more important.

"Will, where are you?" Haleth muttered as she placed the document on top of her table. "I wish I could see you one last time."

"What a coincidence. I also want to see you, Haleth."

The Half-Elf lady jumped up in fright, but her legs hit the top of her table, making her crouch down in pain.

Her beautiful green eyes, that were similar to William's in the past, got teary-eyed as she looked at him with a face filled with injustice.

However, her body stiffened when her gaze landed on the familiar, and unfamiliar Half-Elf who was looking down on her with a devilish smile on his face.

"Y-You're William, right?" Haleth asked with a doubtful look on her face.

"Yes," William replied as he crouched down to use a healing spell on the lady Half-Elf's knees. "You should really be more careful next time, Haleth."

Soon, the pain that Haleth felt faded away like a dream, and she allowed William to help her stand up.

Haleth stared at William for a full minute before voicing out her thoughts.

"You've changed," Haleth said. "Even your aura has changed."

"Change is the only thing inevitable in this world," William replied with a smile. "You've also changed since the last time we met. The prim and proper Haleth looked good, but I like the current you better with your hair down.

Haleth blushed as she lowered her gaze. The reason why she decided to let her hair down was due to the fact that William liked girls with this kind of hairstyle. Almost all of William's wives, had this hairstyle, and the lady Half-Elf thought that it did indeed bring a more womanly charm to her face, compared to the ponytail she always had whenever he patroled the borders of their territory.

"I only have this hairstyle whenever I'm not on field duty," Haleth replied. "Do you really like it?"

"Yes," William nodded. "It brings out your natural charm."

The Half-Elf then sat down and made a gesture for Haleth to sit down as well. It was as if he was the owner of the place, and Haleth was the visitor who came to visit him.

Haleth seemed to have forgotten this fact, as she sat down, and even thanked William for inviting her to sit.

"Will, I've heard many things, but I don't know if they are true or not," Haleth said. "Are you really now the Prince of Darkness? The one in the Prophecy of the Elves."

"Mayhaps," William replied. "They refer to me as the Prince of Darkness, but I was not born royalty, nor am I wearing a crown. Don't you find that odd?"

"But, the one wearing the crown is referred to as the Heir of Darkness," Haleth argued. "So, technically, that makes you the Prince by default, right?"

There was some hesitation in Haleth's voice, which proved that the conclusion she had come to a while ago was easily influenced by William's words.

William chuckled. "See? Even you sound unsure."

"Stop teasing me," Haleth pouted. "Are you the Prince or not?"

"Like I said, I don't know. People refer to me as such, but in reality, I don't really know."

"... How can this be?"

Haleth pinched the bridge of his nose before looking at the handsome Half-Elf in front of her. After her initial shock faded, she was starting to feel butterflies in her stomach, as William's devilish smile seemed to pull her in.

"If only I was a few years younger… I would definitely give you a shot," Haleth muttered absentmindedly.

Only after the words escaped her lips did she realize that she had spoken her thoughts out loud.

The Half-Elf panicked and immediately waved her hands like a fish out of water. William just chuckled as he raised both of his hands to calm the panicking Lady Half-Elf, who was thinking of digging a hoel to bury herself inside it.

"I like Health's mature charms as well, so you don't need to look down on yourself," William assured her. "In fact, you're quite a beauty yourself. I'm impressed that no one has confessed to you till now."

"Many did, but I rejected them all."

"Why?"

"I just don't feel like they are compatible with me. After all, I'm a straight-laced lady," Haleth answered. "There are just some things that I can't stand."

William rested his chin on the back of his intertwined hands, as he looked at Haleth with a smile.

"How about me?" William asked. "Do you think you are compatible with me?"

"E-Eh? I-I don't think so?"

"Are you sure? I might not look like it, but I like straight-laced ladies as well."

Haleth blinked. "You do?"

"Yes," William replied. "How about it? Want to come over to the dark side?"

William didn't plan on inviting Haleth to join him when he wanted to visit her in the City of Alabaster. He just wanted to see her current circumstance because he had considered the Lady Half-Elf a friend, but his instincts were telling him that he should take her under his wing, while the war had not yet started.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"Y-You want me to join you in the dark side?" Haleth asked. "Why?"

"Good question," William replied. He didn't know how to answer this question, so he decided to just answer honestly.

"I have a feeling that if you are with me, I will be able to see something unexpected."

"Something unexpected?"

"Um, just like what happens when you gather the Dragoon Ballz."

"Dragoon Ballz?"

William smiled as he pressed a finger over his lips. "Don't say it out loud. The Copyright God might hear us. He is a pain when it comes to these things."

Haleth reluctantly nodded her head because she had no idea what William was talking about.

"Haleth, I know this is a bit sudden, but won't you consider joining me?" William asked.

Haleth stared at William with a serious expression on her face before giving her answer.

"What do I get for joining you? Are there any benefits?"

"Yes. You can be with me."

The lady Half-Elf then reached out to hold William's hand.

"I'm in," Haleth said with a determined look on her face.

Although William didn't say it explicitly, the promise hidden in his words resounded inside her very being quite clearly.

While it seemed like she was going to sell her soul to the devil, Haleth felt like the price was worth it.

After all, there was a time when she thought that the budding feelings in her heart would just remain as an impossible dream.