Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1136 Bitter Medicine - [R18]

(Disclaimer: R-18 Scenes. It is now Haleth's turn. I think you guys had enough of the sexy scenes, so I won't be writing them anytime soon. Enjoy this for the time being.)

"There's no need to rush, I'm not going anywhere tonight."

"Nnn… Kiss… Lick…"

"Fine… have it your way."

Haleth was busy kissing, licking, and sucking on William's member, which she couldn't get enough of. After making up her mind to be with the handsome Half-Elf, the first thing she asked was for William to embrace her.

In truth, the beautiful Half-Elf thought that she was just dreaming when the black-haired teenager appeared inside her room, and asked her to join him on the dark side an hour ago. She felt that since she had nothing to lose, she would say yes and confirm for herself whether William was lying to her or not.

Only after the two of them had taken a bath together did Haleth truly realize that she wasn't dreaming. So, here she was now, servicing William on her own bed, and kissing the manhood that would soon make her a woman.

After their talk in the bathtub, William was made aware of Haleth's insecurities that she had kept in her heart. First, it was her age, she was in her mid thirties, and thought that William didn't like older women, and preferred young and beautiful ladies like his wives.

Although she had no intention of becoming one of his wives, and was fine with being his concubine, the lady Half-Elf thought that she was too old for the young man in front of her.

As a Half-Elf, she looked like quite the exceptional lady, who only looked to be in her mid-twenties, instead of thirties. She had a mature vibe around her, but this maturity disappeared whenever she was with William.

In front of the black-haired teenager, she was just a maiden whose heart beat wildly for the Half-Elf who had conquered the Floor of Asgard.

For Haleth, William was like a beacon for their race. A Race that was Half Elf and Half Human. They were the half-bloods who was prosecuted by the Elves for not being pure, and coveted by the Humans as slaves, due to their exceptional beauty.

"Haleth, you think you are old, but in truth, you're not that old," William said softly as he lightly patted the lady Half-Elf's head, who was in a daze after tasting his member.

"... Nnn… Hah… so you say, but aren't I the oldest one in your harem?" Haleth asked as she stopped kissing William's member.

"No," William replied. "A certain black-haired beauty is older than you, and I find her womanly charms quite charming."

"You're not lying, right?"

"No. Her name is Nisha. You'll probably meet her sooner or later. However, she's a bit shy so she wears a veil."

"Is she?" Haleth inquired. She found this older woman quite interesting for William to tell her that she was quite charming in her own right.

"Yes," William answered with a devilish grin. "But, her shyness disappeared as soon as she took the veil covering her face off… just like you right now, when I took off your clothes."

Haleth blushed because she couldn't refute William's words. Back then, she couldn't even dream of going down on her knees, while clumsily licking, and kissing a man's thing because she had no experience whatsoever.

With William's guidance, she was starting to get the hang of things as she prepared her heart for what was about to come.

"I think that's enough," William said as she pulled Haleth up to sit on his lap and gave her a kiss. "You're beautiful, Haleth. Anyone who says otherwise is lying. Also, you're a Half-Elf, age is not something you need to worry about for the next one hundred years. Have more confidence in yourself."

Haleth nodded her head before taking the initiative to kiss William's lips. Since she was inexperienced, all she did was to repeatedly peck his lips, while the black-haired teenager held her waist, allowing her to do whatever she wanted.

He wasn't in a hurry to make Haleth his woman. What he was doing right now was letting her shed her inferiority complex, and gain more confidence as a woman.

"Teach me how to kiss," Haleth said softly after she had her fill of William's lips. "Teach me the way you like it."

"Okay," William replied as he placed his hand behind Haleth's head and pulled her closer.

Gently, and slowly, he pressed his lips against her soft lips and parted it with his tongue. Soon, the beautiful Half-Elf found herself being slowly taught by William's tongue, as it patiently guided her own tongue to intertwine with it, inside her mouth.

A few minutes later, their lips parted as Haleth tried to catch her breath.

"That was pretty intense," Haleth commented after she recovered.

William smiled as he pulled her close to kiss her right cheek before whispering in her ear. "Well, you can do it at your own pace… we still have time t–"Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Before the Half-Elf could finish his words, a loud knock was heard on the door, which made Haleth's body stiffen.

"Vice Commander, are you here?" one of Haleth's subordinate asked from outside the door. "The Commander wants to see you."

William smiled as he looked at the panicking beauty, who didn't know what to do.

"Why don't you answer him first," William said before lightly squeezing Haleth's right breast, making the latter gasp for breath.

"Will, now is not the time for thi… Nnn… Mgh!"

"Don't mind me, just answer the door."

William smiled wickedly as he carried Haleth outside of the bedroom until they arrived at the doorway.

"Go on," William whispered seductively in her red-tinged ears. "Answer him."

Haleth nodded as she replied from the other side of the door. Since she was naked, she didn't dare open it, and show her subordinate her indecent self, who was being caressed by the devilish hands of the handsome Half-Elf at that exact moment.

"I-I am here, what does the commander wan…ngggh!" Haleth said.

"Vice Commander? Are you alright? Your voice sounds a bit hoarse," Haleth's subordinate replied. "Are you not feeling well?

"D-Don't mind.. .Nnn… Me… just tell me…What hah… the Commander… Mmm! Wants!"

Haleth's subordinate could tell that his superior seemed to be not her usual self. He, as well as several other men, had a crush on their Vice Commander, but her straight-laced personality prevented them from pursuing her seriously.

Although she was beautiful, they felt that they would be forced to become a stickler to the rules if the gorgeous Half-Elf became their lover.

"The Commander just asked me to tell you that he is looking for you. However, if you're not feeling well, I will just tell him that, Vice Commander."

"Hah… A-Actually I caught a cold…," Haleth replied as she felt William's lick, and sucked the entrance of her forbidden fruit, while she leaned on the door. "I-It's hot… and wet… and it is making me dizzy."

"H-Hot and wet is it? Sounds like it's a serious illness. Do you need something, Vice-Commander? Perhaps some medicine to help you recover faster?"

"I want… Nnn… that hard thing in me… Hah…"

"A-Are you talking about a medicinal pill?" the subordinate asked. "Don't worry Vice-Commander. I will get you one right after I report to the Commander about your cold."

"T-Thank you, please, Nnn!... I can't wait anymore… Hah… I want it now." Haleth's hoarse voice made the young man outside the door blush due to her sexy… and steamy voice that seemed to be at her limit.

"U-Understood! I'll be back as soon as I can, Vice Commander!"

The sounds of footsteps could be heard running away from the door, but Haleth no longer cared. She just leaned on the wall beside it with both of her hands, as she raised her hips to prepare to accept what was to come from the man who was rubbing his manhood against her entrance.

"Did your switch get flipped on after talking to your subordinate?" William asked in a teasing tone. "Did you get excited about the possibility of being discovered by someone who has a crush on you?"

"Please, stop… Hah… bullying me," Haleth pleaded as she moved her hips to rub against William's thing that was pressed against her backside.

"Seriously, you're like a cat in heat," William smiled as he firmly held Haleth's waist. "Maybe I pushed you a bit too far while you were addressing your subordinate. Well, do you want this?"

"Yes. I want it," Haleth replied. "I've wanted it for a very long time. Make me yours, Will."

The wet, and sloppy sounds of Haleth's maidenhood echoed off the door as William teased it with his member.

The beautiful Vice-Commander of Alabaster City's defensive army, turned her head to look back at William with a debauche expression on her face, as her body trembled, and ached for him to become one with her.

William glanced at Haleth's mature, and gorgeous body with desire. Her wonderful breasts, her slender legs, and sexy thighs, they were now all his for the taking.

"I'm going to stain you now," William said softly as he slowly moved his hips forward to take Haleth's chastity which she had protected for many years. "Deep inside your womb."

A soft gasp escaped Haleth's lips as William's member pushed through the deepest folds of her maidenhood. Instead of pain, what she felt was happiness, because her dreams had now become a reality.

"Yes. I am yours," Haleth replied as a tear streamed down the side of her face. A few seconds later, a drop of blood also fell down on the floor, while William kissed the back of her neck making her feel loved.

Soon, her body shuddered as William moved his hips in a steady rhythm, which made her legs weak. Her hands were slowly sliding down on the wall, and the only thing that was supporting her body was William's hands, which were firmly holding her hips in place.

A few minutes later, the black-haired teenager kept his promise as he stained Haleth's womb with his color. As the beautiful Half-Elf's body slid on the floor, bathing in the afterglow of the pleasurable feeling that was still making her body tremble all over, a knock was heard on the door.

"V-Vice Commander, I've returned with a medicinal pill," Haleth's subordinate said through the door. "May I come in?"

William smirked as his gaze passed through the door to look at the good-looking young man who seemed to be in his early twenties.

The black-haired teenager's gaze then moved downward to look at the Half-Elf who reached out towards his manhood, and used her soft, seductive lips to clean the remnants of their lovemaking with her pink tongue.

After a minute had passed and hearing no reply, Haleth's subordinate knocked on the door once again and raised his voice. "Vice Commander? Are you awake? Can I come in?"

The door opened by a crack, and Haleth's flushed face appeared in front of her subordinate.

"Thank you, but I just drank my medicine," Haleth said in a seductive and hoarse voice that made her subordinate blush. "It's a bit bitter, but I am now feeling better because of it. Please, tell the Commander that I'll be taking a leave for the time being. I won't be reporting to the barracks for a while."

"U-Understood!" the young man said before giving Haleth a salute. "I'll see you in a few days, Vice Commander."

"Mmm," Haleth hummed before closing the door.

After firmly locking the door in place, she knelt on the floor and resumed cleaning the thing that made her a woman. Her body was still burning up, but she was burning with a different kind of fever.

Haleth knew that she needed to drink her bitter medicine again. But, for that to happen, she needed to make sure that the black-haired teenager, who was lightly caressing the side of her face, felt good too.

That way, he could inject her with the medicine she wanted inside her burning and feverish body, until her world turned completely white.