Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1137 l Won't Be Seeing Both Of You,Anytime Soon

Haleth slept soundly on the bed, while William looked at the city from the window of her room.

"So peaceful," William said softly. "But, how long will this peace last?"

The Half-Elf knew that the war wouldn't happen right away, because everyone needed time to prepare for the battle up ahead. According to his rough estimates, Felix and Ahriman would need a month to arm the Demon Clans to the teeth, in order to start their advance.

"Joash said that the Amberfang Fortress can hold them back for a month or two," William muttered. "But, that is only true if the Demons didn't have a way to bypass the fortress completely. At the very least, I have around two months to conquer one of the SS-Ranked Dungeons."

William knew that unless he managed to get another Pseudo-God as a subordinate, it would be impossible for him to win against Felix's army in a head-on confrontation. The Half-Elf was not only guarding against the Heir of Darkness, but the factions in the Central and Silvermoon Continent as well.

He was not delusional enough to think that none of them thought of him as an enemy. If the Holy Order of Light attacked him, then there were others who were itching to get their hands on him as well.

The rustling of the bedsheets sounded behind him, but William didn't turn his head and continued to look at the peaceful city of Alabaster.

Soon, two rough hands wrapped around his body, at the same time as two soft peaks pressed against his back.

"What are you thinking, Will?" Haleth asked as she held unto William firmly. Even now, she was afraid that everything that had just happened to her was a dream, and it would disappear the moment she woke up.

"I'm thinking that this city is very beautiful and peaceful," William replied. "I'm proud of you, Haleth. You were able to make the CIty of Alabaster thrive without worrying about the underworld criminals who were coveting it from a distance."

Haleth hugged William tighter because the Half-Elf's words made her feel very happy. Everyone liked to be praised, especially when the praise was coming from a person that you held in high esteem.

"Don't leave me behind, okay?" Haleth said in a trembling voice. "If this is a dream, don't ever wake me up."

William lightly tapped the hands that were hugging him from behind, as he turned around to face the gorgeous Vice Commander that he had claimed as his own.

"This is not a dream," William answered. "And I won't leave you behind. Didn't I tell you? You are mine. Besides, I just discovered that since both of us are Half-Elves, our bodies are very compatible. Is this a race thing?"

William's naugthy hands then caressed Haleth's backside, making the lady Half-Elf shudder.

"Will," Haleth said as she stared at William's eyes with a serious expression on her face. "I don't want a complicated relationship. I know that you don't love me as much as you love your wives. I am fine with that. All I ask is that you don't toss me aside after you get bored of me."

"Understood," William commented. "I promise I won't toss you aside."

"Thank you. That is all I ask."

"Mmm."Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

The two shared a kiss before going to the bathroom together. William planned to take Haleth inside his Thousand Beast Domain as he explored the Seventh Sanctum to search for the Dungeon that was hidden inside it.

In truth, the thought of going back to the Southern Continent to see Wendy and Est crossed his mind, multiple times. However, each time it did, he forced himself to shake off the idea.

To be honest, William felt scared.

He was afraid that he would unintentionally corrupt both of them and make them fall into the darkness with him. Wendy was his first wife, and held a special place in his heart, and Est was his first friend, and best friend, who had become his lover.

Both were special to him, and his desire to completely stain them and strip them of their innocence, like Chloee, was so strong that it hurt.

Because of this, he chose to stay away from them.

Haleth was right. His feelings of love for her weren't as strong as the feelings he had for his wives, and fiances. There were times when he wanted to corrupt Lilith, but he always held back.

Perhaps Lilith felt the same, so she chose to stay in the Floor of Asgard, to give William some peace of mind.

This was also why William would feel a strong urge to vent his body's desire with other women. The corruption in his soul, and perhaps due to having merged with Donger, his libido had grown drastically compared to how it was in the past.

In truth, the one who was in danger of his sudden urges was none other than Princess Aila, who was staying inside his Thousand Beast Domain. William had, on more than one occasion, almost sank his fangs on her, due to the whisper of darkness in his soul.

Because of this, he would make love with Chloee in order to sate the lustful thoughts in his head, before he would go to Aila to ask her to help him stabilize his soul. As a succubus, Chloee was more than capable of absorbing his desire, as well as the Darkness, without experiencing any side effects.

Surprisingly, he didn't think of the black-haired succubus as a substitute for his wives, and learned to love her as well. Although it wasn't as strong as his feelings for his wives, Chloee was now William's most trusted confidant, while his wives were not around him.

'I'm sorry, Wendy, Est,' William thought as he bit into Haleth's well-shaped breast to sate the bloodthirst that emerged from remembering his two wives that were waiting for him in the Southern Continent. 'I won't be seeing either of you, anytime soon.'

As Haleth's rich blood flowed inside William's lips, her arms wrapped around him as well.

The two Half-Elves, who were thinking of the people they loved, hugged each other in a tight embrace.