Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1145 l Need To Be With Him

A tear fell down the side of Estelle's face, followed by another after she heard what had happened to William and the others in the Demon Continent.Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Ashe was her loyal attendant that had served her for many years. Estelle allowed her to follow William to the Central Continent because she was worried about him. She didn't expect that her dear friend, whom she treated as her sister, had died while trying to save William from the hands of the Primordial God of Darkness and Chaos.

"H-How is he right now?" Este asked as the tears in her eyes blurred her vision.

"Broken beyond repair, and corrupted by darkness," Shannon replied. "Right now, he is busy raising his army for vengeance, and it won't be long before he faces Felix and Ahriman on the battlefield once again."

Estelle wiped the tears in her eyes as she made a decision. She would not allow William to fight alone, especially in a battle against a God.

"I need to be with him," Estelle muttered. "I need to go to the Central Continent."

Shannon nodded her head in agreement. However, her next words made the silver-haired lady look back at her with confusion.

"Before you go to the Central Continent, there are a few people that you should bring with you on your trip," Shannon stated. "You need to go get William's first wife, Wendy, Amelia, and Priscilla."

Estelle blinked once then twice before she regained her composure.

"I can understand why I should take Wendy with me," Estelle said. "She is William's… first wife."

Estelle said the words "first wife" through gritted teeth as if she didn't like saying it. She was the first one who found William, and the first one to love him. However, due to the curse on her body, she was unable to confess her feelings to him, which gave Wendy the opportunity to take first base, and secure the position of first wife.

This time, it was Shannon's turn to blink from under the mask. She then tilted her head in confusion as a thought appeared inside her head.

'Is there perhaps a Faction War going on among William's wives?' Shannon thought. 'This sounds interesting.'

A few minutes later, Estelle regained her composure as she shifted her attention back to the fox lady, and asked her to continue what she was about to say.

"Well, just like I said earlier, You need to bring Wendy, Amelia, and Priscilla with you on your journey. You can also bring Ashe's twin, Isaac with you. Is that still her name?"

"Amirah," Estelle replied. "Her name is Amirah."

Shannon nodded. "I'm sure that you will also bring her with you because she is your loyal attendant. But, does she look like Ashe?"

"Yes," Estelle replied. "Their only difference is the color of their eyes and hair."

"I see…"

"Why? Is that going to be a problem?"

Shannon rubbed her chin. "It depends on how much Will misses Ashe. Although I don't think he would go so far as to harm his wife's twin sister, their resemblance might make his corrupted heart waver."

Estelle thought about it for a moment before firmly shaking her head. "He will not do that. I don't know how much William had changed after his heartbreaking experience, but I still believe that the old him still remains inside him somewhere."

The corner of Shannon's lips curled up from under the mask, but she didn't reply to Estelle's statement. She had already noticed that William didn't care about Celeste even though she looked just like Celine.

Even Chloee, who resembled Celine in a way, was not treated as a substitute by William. This just proved that the Half-Elf would not reach out to embrace them, but this could change at any given time.

After all, William's concept of right or wrong was starting to change as well. Although he tried to act normal on the surface, his core character was slowly changing. The drastic change happened after the two Virtues were captured.

It was at that moment when William's darker tendencies surfaced, which almost ended up on Lira's and Ephemera's total corruption. If not for the fact that the remaining half of William's soul had taken a firm stance to prevent them from falling into depravity, the two Virtuous Ladies might have lost their true self, and become mindless slaves that would move according to his bidding.

"I also believe in him," Shannon replied with a firm tone. "However, it is still best to be careful."

Shannon then stood up from the bench and walked towards the purple portal.

"Time is almost up, and I need to go back just in case he comes to find me," Shannon said. "I will be waiting for you in the Central Continent."

Estelle also stood up from the bench as she looked at the mysterious lady that had come to find her to talk about William. Although this was the first time that she had met Shannon, she knew that she wasn't lying to her because she had an ability that detected whether someone was lying to her or not.

"Tell me, why did you choose to talk to me, instead of Wendy?" Estelle asked. "I believe that you would achieve the same results if you had talked to her instead of me."

Shannon stopped walking just before she was about to enter the portal. She then turned her head to look at the silver-haired princess who was looking at her with a curious expression.

"Because that girl is scary," Shannon replied. "From what I've seen, dealing with her will be troublesome, so I decided to talk to you instead. I know that you are someone who looks at the bigger picture. Talking to you is infinitely better than talking to that… lady, who can smash a boulder with a single punch."

"So, you're telling me that she's hard to deal with."

"Exactly."

Shannon chuckled before entering the purple portal she had created. A few seconds later, the portal dispersed leaving Estelle alone in the garden, staring into space.

"Will, wait for me," Estelle said softly. "I will come to you."