Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1146 What You Wish For,ls Almost Within Your Reach

When Princess Aila's and William's lips parted, the angelic Princess panted for breath, before weakly leaning her body on the Half-Elf's chest.

"Thank you, Aila," William said as he lightly patted the angelic beauty's head. "Rest for now."

Aila nodded. "Un."

William gently laid the Princess down on her bed, before covering her with a blanket. He knew that Aila needed some time to recover her Life Essence, so he would let her sleep for the time being.

Before the black-haired teenager could even leave the room, Aila had already fallen asleep due to her exhaustion. The Half-Elf gave the angelic beauty one last glance before closing the door behind him.

'Now I need to take care of replenishing the power of Shannon's Mask so no one will be forced to commit suicide.'

Originally, William was surprised when he saw Princess Aila and Shannonwho had escaped Hestia Academy. Now, he was quite thankful that the two ladies were with him because they aided him in many different ways.

Princess Aila helped him stabilize his soul, by giving him Life Essences on a regular basis, while Shannon would often tell him of recent events that even their spies in the Demon Continent, as well in the Central Continent, were not aware of.

Both of them were currently indispensable to William, so he would be more than happy to help them if they were to need his assistance.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

After walking for a few minutes, he finally reached Shannon's room and knocked on the door.

"Shannon, it's me," William said.

"Come in."

Shannon's voice replied from the other side of the door.

When William entered the room, he found the young fox lady in the process of placing a painting inside a small purple portal beside her. Shannon had her own personal space, similar to a miniature domain, where she could store her paintings when she had finished drawing them.

"Have you been painting?" William asked.

"Yes, I just finished drawing one," Shannon said with a mischievous tone, which made William wonder what she had drawn.

"I came here to replenish the power of your mask."

"I know. Thank you for coming. You are a lifesaver."

The fox lady then waved her hand and two chairs made of ink appeared beside her. She then made a gesture for William to sit, before sitting on one of the chairs by her side.

The black-haired teenager sat, facing the mysterious fox lady who had come to their rescue when they were in the Northern Regions of the Demon Continent.

"So, how can I help?" William inquired.

Shannon didn't answer William's inquiry right away. Instead, she slowly took off her mask, revealing only half of her face.

William looked at Shannon with a calm gaze, and the fox lady smiled before taking the mask off completely. Honestly, she didn't know if William would be able to resist her Divinity, so she only showed half of her face just to be sure.

However, after seeing that he was completely unfazed by her beauty, Shannon felt relieved so she finally removed the mask that kept her Divinity from leaking.

Shannon's hair was white, and her eyes were purple. Unlike Estelle's silver-white hair, the fox lady's hair was more lustrous and silky. When she visited the newly crowned Princess in the Hellan Kingdom, she had changed her hair color to black, so that she wouldn't scare Estelle away.

That was Shannon's other form, one that she used when she was about to go into battle. It was an ability that allowed her to change her specialty from magical attacks to a physical one.

"Take this mask and give its lips a kiss." Shannon said with a smile as she passed the mask to William's waiting hand. "Long kisses are good because it will help charge it faster."

The Half-Elf stared at the Fox Mask in his hand before raising it towards his face. He then kissed its lips, and instantly felt his power being siphoned towards it. Even so, William didn't stop the kiss and simply allowed the mask to absorb as much as it wanted.

Shannon, who was watching from the side, smiled because William didn't hesitate to listen to her request, even if it sounded a bit suspicious.

'Does he trust me that much, or does he simply not care?' Shannon thought. 'I hope it's the former.'

Five minutes later, William pulled his head back and panted for breath. He had allowed the mask to absorb almost half of his strength, but only a tenth of the mask's Divinity had been recharged. This made William understand how much energy the mask needed in order to prevent Shannon from accidentally killing his subordinates.

"This mask sure is a handful," William commented as he passed the fox mask back to Shannon. "How long will it take before its power dissipates?"

Shannon took the mask and carefully tested its power to suppress her Divinity.

"At most, this will last me for a week," Shannon replied. "We just have to recharge it on a regular basis in order to ensure that no accidents will happen."

William frowned because he felt that there might be another way to allow the Mask's Divinity to recover faster.

As if reading his thoughts, Shannon chuckled before shaking her head.

"There is another way, but now is not the right time to do it," Shannon replied. "Even if Lord William agrees, I will not agree to it. So this is the only method we can use right now."

William's gaze narrowed as he looked at the fox lady who was secretly eyeing the lips of her fox mask. "Tell me the other method. If it is more efficient, I don't mind doing it."

Shannon firmly shook her head as she stared back at William with a resolute expression on her face.

"As much as I wanted to give you the answer, Lord William, I'm afraid that I can't do it," Shannon replied. "Now is not the time, and I don't want to force things to happen before the time is ripe."

"You sound like some kind of farmer. Are you planting trees perhaps?"

"I am merely a garden, Lord William." Shannon chuckled. "It is Lord William who is busy planting seeds everywhere. Aren't you afraid that something might start to grow from them?"

William ignored Shannon's teasing words because what she said would never happen. Right now, no matter how many times he embraced a woman, they wouldn't become pregnant. This was his way of preventing himself from siring children that were not born out of love, but born from the needs of his body.

"Since you refuse to tell me the other matter, I will not insist on it," William said as he stood up. "I will return in two days to recharge your mask. Is there anything else you need from me?"

Shannon hesitated before nodding her head.

"I just want to ask you a personal question, Lord William," Shannon stated. "It will be fine if you don't answer this question. I'm just asking out of curiosity."

"What is it?" William inquired.

"Do you have any lovers from your hometown?"

"I do."

Shannon nodded. "Then, do you also plan to bring them here inside the Thousand Beast Domain, so that they can be by your side?"

"No," William shook his head before walking towards the door. However before he left the room, he gave Shannon a glance. "I will appreciate it if you don't mention them again."

"I'm sorry, Lord William," Shannon bowed in apology. "I will not ask anymore questions about them."

William nodded before leaving the room. He needed to check on the progress in the Dungeon of Tir Na Nog, so he decided to leave the Thousand Beast Domain for a short period of time.

Two minutes after William left the room, Shannon shook her head with a smile.

"The heart moves where the heart wills," Shannon said softly. "Even if you try to deny it, you still think of them, and they think of you as well."

The fox lady then sighed as she raised the fox mask and looked at it with a smile.

"Cheers, Lord William," Shannon said as she moved her lips towards the Fox Mask's lips. "May the future be the one I envisioned it to be."

Shannon kissed the fox mask's lips, and felt the lingering warmth that her Prince had left behind. She didn't lie when she said that the time she was waiting for wasn't ripe. For that to happen, they must first deal with the Heir of Darkness, as well as the Primordial God who sought to harm her Prince.

"Patience, Shannon," Shannon said softly after she pulled back from kissing the Fox Mask in her hands. "What you wish for, is almost within your reach. You just need to assist him for now, before you take everything… away from him."