Chapter 1147 Being Popular Sure ls Troublesome,Aren't l Right?

Silvermoon Continent…

Arwen sighed as she leaned her back against the trunk of the World Tree.

She could feel the restlessness and tension of the entire continent, because the entire Silvermoon Continent was supported by the life force of the World Tree. if the World Tree withered, so would the homeland of the elves.

This was why the Sacred Grove was the most important place, and most protected region, in the entirety of the Silvermoon Continent.

"This feeling didn't feel as bad when the Demons attacked almost two decades ago," Arwen muttered. "Now, even our son has been thrown into this mess. Just what did our family do to deserve all of this?"

The World Tree didn't respond and maintained its silence. It just allowed the beautiful Saintess to vent out her frustrations, until none were left. This had been a regular occurrence as of late, and Arwen didn't even care if someone were to walk into the Sacred Grove and see her talking to herself.

"Even Acedia hasn't awoken even once since she returned." Arwen sighed for the second time as she thought about her Disciple, who slept in the Spring of Life, located at the roots of the World Tree. "It seems that she exhausted herself trying to help our son in the Demon Realm. My poor Disciple… I better ask William to take responsibility when I see him."

Arwen sighed for the third time as she closed her eyes to listen to the beating life force of the World Tree. She had been listening and paying close attention to its heart beat because she knew that it was her husband's heart that was supporting their entire race.

"Maxwell, what should I do for him?" Arwen asked. "What can I do for him?"

Once again, no answer came. Perhaps Maxwell was sleeping, or perhaps something else was happening that prevented him from replying to his wife. Whatever the reason may be, Arwen felt very lonely and sad due to the current situation in the Demon, Central, and Silvermoon Continents.

Skyla watched Arwen from one of the branches of the World Tree. She sensed that her best friend's safety was under threat, so she was keeping close watch for her.

Aenarion had visited Arwen and told her that some of the Elders from the Elven Council proposed that she be offered as a sacrifice to the Demons to quell their anger.

Arwen only closed her eyes as she refused to think that those same Elders were part of her race. She even said that she was starting to doubt the intelligence of the members of the Elven Council.

Both she and Aenarion knew that regardless of whether Arwen was sacrificed or not, the Demons would not halt their advance towards their homeland, in order to get revenge for the defeat they suffered nearly two decades ago.

Suddenly, a falling ringing sound entered Arwen's and Skyla's ears. Near the entrance of the Sacred Grove, the Elven Princess, Princess Eowyn, as well as her guard, Pearl, could be seen.

"Master, I have come to see you," Princess Eowyn said as she walked towards the place where Arwen was seated. "Have you been well?"

The Saintess gave the Elf Princess a sweet smile that made the latter very happy.

"My Father asked me to give you these berries that I personally picked from our ancestral lands," Princess Eowyn stated as she happily passed the basket that was filled to the brim with red berries to her Master. "How is Elder Sister doing?"

Arwen accepted her Disciples' gift before patting the root beside her.

Princess Eowyn understood the gesture and sat beside her Master, whom she hadn't seen for quite a while.

"How is his Majesty doing?" Arwen asked.

"Overworked," Princess Eowyn replied with a sigh. "He is currently inspecting the quality of the weapons and armor that will be used in the defense of our homeland. We have already sent our promised aid to the Alliance, so we are now in the process of strengthening our border defenses."

Arwen nodded her head in understanding. She knew the basic things that were happening in the Silvermoon Continent because she could share her senses with the creatures that frequented the Sacred Grove and used them as scouts to check on the current movement of the Elven Army.

"Master, I heard that some of the Elders made a stupid proposal about you being a sacrifice, is that true?" Princess Eowyn said.

The Royal Family had allowed the Elven Council to decide several matters that affected the Silvermon Continent, and could act even without the Elven King's permission. However, that didn't mean that the Elven King had taken a "completely hands off" policy when it came to the welfare of his people. The Royal Family still had the strongest army in the Elven Empire, but they were mostly used to defend, and manage domestic disputes.

Now that the dangers of two Prophecies were looming above their heads, the Royal Army had been sent to strategic locations in order to resist any kind of invasion that would happen on their homeland, giving the Elves a sense of security, despite the anxiety that they were feeling.

"Yes," Arwen replied. "But, you don't have to worry about them. They're just senile old men who have long lost their way. It is just a waste of time to argue with them."

"Master, just say the word and I'll ask my father to delegate some of our forces to guard the Sacred Grove. I will guarantee that you will be safe under their protection."

"Thank you, but there is no need for that." Freewebnᴏvel.com.

Arwen lightly patted Princess Eowyn's hand, while the latter gave her a worried look.

"I'm not joking, the Sacred Grove isn't as defenseless as you think it is," Arwen stated as she looked up at the top branches of the World Tree. "Isn't that right? Dear Friends?"

Princess Eowyn looked up with curiosity to see who her Master was referring to. A few seconds later, two individuals appeared on one of the lower branches of the tree.

A lady with long silver horns on her head, and an old man, who was wearing a golden robe on his body gave Arwen a brief nod. Princess Eowyn's eyes widened in shock because she was quite familiar with the two individuals.

They were none other than two of the Guardians of the Silver Continent that protected it from harm.

The Guardian Deer, Zyphon, and The Golden Elder Dragon, Ezkalor.

William had met both of them in the Southern Continent, and had even fought them on the battlefield. Perhaps due to the danger that was about to fall on the Silvermoon Continent, the World Tree expanded a huge amount of power, and channeled it to its guardians.

The Ent King, Myrendor, and Drauum, had been blessed by its enormous life force, increasing their strength and allowing them to step on the realm of Pseudo-Gods.

The rest of the Guardians had reached the Peak of the Demigod Rank, making them a force to reckon with.

After expending more than half of its energy, the World Tree became dormant, and only the beating of Maxwell's heart assured Arwen that her husband was still fine.

Although the forces of the Demons were still stronger than the defenders of the Silvermoon Continent, they were not as helpless as many of the Elves thought they would be.

"With the two of them guarding the Sacred Grove, anyone who dares to kidnap me will have an untimely end," Arwen commented. "So, do not worry about me. Also, tell your father to take proper rest as well. We will need his guidance when Darkness knocks on our borders."

"I will, Master," Princess Eowyn replied. "Master, how is Elder Sister?"

Arwen chuckled. "Sleeping as always. You know how lazy Acedia is. She probably won't wake up even if she is hit by an earthquake."

Princess Eowyn smiled because her Master was right. Her Elder Sister only knew how to sleep, sleep, and sleep some more.

Sometimes, she even worried if too much sleep was bad for her Elder Sister's body, but since her Master told her that Acedia was fine, Princess Eowyn no longer insisted on visiting her.

"I'll come and see you again Master when I have the time," Princess Eowyn said as she stood up and gave her Master a respectful bow. "Please, take care of your health and be safe."

"Thank you," Arwen replied as she hugged her disciple. "Take care of yourself. We are going to face difficult times and, as a Princess, you have a lot on your plate as well. I hear that some Human ambassadors, as well as messengers from other races, have come to offer marriage alliances with you. Being popular sure is troublesome, aren't I right?"

Princess Eowyn's smile stiffened when she was reminded of the second reason why she wanted to escape the castle. In the end, she could only sigh inside her heart as she bid her Master goodbye.

If marrying people would ensure the safety of their lands, she would gladly do it. However, she knew that even with a political marriage, they would not be able to give her the safety that she was looking for.

She would rather marry the Heir, or the Prince of Darkness, if that would spare her people.

Unfortunately, those two individuals had no need for political marriages. They had the power to take everything from them.

Their lands, their people, and their future.Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

In the eyes of these two individuals, everything that belonged to the Silvermoon Continent, including her, were merely spoils of the war that would soon cover the lands with rivers of blood.