Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1149 Tomorrow,The Suffering Will Start

A week had passed since William had made a contract with Tiana.

In order to stabilize his soul, which had shifted due to the Fairy Queen's power, William spent three days recovering with the help of Princess Aila.

Although he knew that he was burdening the angelic Princess, there was nothing he could do because she was the only one that could help him. Fortunately, after three days, William's soul finally stabilized.

In order to play it safe, William stayed in the City of Alabaster for four days in order to fully recover. At the end of the week, he left the city in order to go to his next destination.

—---

Demon Continent…

"They're finally here," Joash said as he looked at the countless flags that fluttered three miles away from the walls of his fortress.

Standing at the very front of the formation was the Bull Demon King, as well as Princess Iron Fan. The two Pseudo-Gods' mere presence was enough to make the defenders inside Amberfang Fortress feel anxious.

The Black Dragon, Joash, stood tall at the top of the tower and gazed at the two beings whose ranks were higher than his. As if sensing his gaze, the Bull Demon King and Princess Iron Fan stared back at him.

The demonic lady even gave Joash a teasing smile before covering her lips with her fan.

"So, that is the little fortress that blocks our way?" Princess Iron Fan said. "How troublesome."

The Bull Demon King nodded his head in agreement. "Indeed. Even with our strength, it will take a while before we break the barrier that protects the fortress."

Princess Iron Fan chuckled as if she found the whole situation laughable. Her eyes turned into crescents as she internally sneered at Joash's pathetic attempt to hold them back.

At the center of the formation, Felix drank some wine from his golden goblet as he stared at the fortress in the distance, after emptying his cup, he tossed it towards the serving maid who deftly caught it with her hands.

"Messengers, hear my decree!" Felix ordered. "We will rest for today. Tomorrow, we will start our conquest!"

""Yes, Your Excellency!""

The messengers then passed Felix's message to the entirety of the army, telling everyone to prepare to make camp. They had been traveling for several days, and the majority of the warriors were exhausted from their long march.

Felix wasn't heartless enough to prevent his men from resting up before they started their assault. He had already envisioned the faces of those who planned to stop him from his conquest and a sneer appeared on his face.

"Fools, when morning comes, all of you will understand how stupid all of you are," Felix muttered as a devilish smile appeared on his face. "I can't wait for tomorrow to come."

Just as Felix was thinking of his inevitable victory, a red-headed little girl was busy feeding her ducks with bread crumbs. Although the journey from the capital to the Amberfang Fortress was long, Eve's body wasn't exhausted from the trip because her attendants had taken very good care of her.

The ducks had now all become very plump because, aside from Eve's feeding, all of them were being spoiled by her attendants.

"Are you guys still ducks?" the White Goose asked the ducks in disdain. "In my eyes, I don't see ducks but little piglets that are being fattened up to be roasted."

The ducks turned their heads at the annoying white goose and quacked at him to make him shut up.

Eve who was watching this scene giggled because she could see that the White Goose had a point. Her ducks were now very plump, and she wondered if they could still fly in their current state.

"Eve, I know you love these freeloaders, but do yourself a favor and lower their food intake." the White Goose complained.

The ducks quacked louder as they all glared at the White Goose as if telling him "Who are freeloaders? We're not free loaders!"

The White Goose looked at the ducks in disdain and was tempted to give all of them a slap. Although they were treated very well by the Demons, that didn't change the fact that their Master was forced to become Ahriman's Priestess against her will.

"It's fine, Zander," Eve said after she stopped giggling. "I will lessen their food intake as you suggested."

All the ducks moved towards their Master, and pressed their heads on Eve's legs as if telling her to reconsider.

"You guys should go on a diet," Eve said as she picked one of the ducks and lightly shook its belly. "See, you're so heavy now."

The duck looked at Eve with a face filled with injustice, before lowering its head in defeat. The little girl giggled as she placed the duck back on the ground before moving towards the exit of her tent.

She didn't go out, but merely peeked at the Demons who were busy doing their chores. She had already been informed that they would rest for the day, and start the battle in the morning.

If possible, Eve didn't want to see anyone die. She didn't care if they were Demons, Humans, Elves, Beastkins, or anyone from one of the other races. For her, war was just wrong.

Although she hadn't experienced it herself because the children of Lont were under Vlad's protection during the war, she felt very sad when her parents turned into crystals. She didn't want to experience that feeling of loss again.

The little girl knew that Felix was her cousin's enemy. Although Eve didn't like violence, she didn't mind if William beat the crap out of Felix, and fed him to the fishes.

She was still an Ainsworth.

Her cousin's enemy was her enemy.

"Your Holiness, are you perhaps hungry?" Eve's personal attendant, Carol, asked. "I can ask the cooks to prepare food for you. What do you want to eat?"

"Porridge will be fine," Eve answered. "Also, how many times should I tell you not to call me, Your Holiness, when it is only us, Carol?"

Carol bitterly smiled as she shook her head. "His Excellency, is paying close attention to your movements, Your Holiness. If they see me acting too familiar with you, they might remove me as your attendant."

Eve sighed before nodding her head. "Very well. I'd rather you call me, Your Holiness, than to have you replaced as my personal attendant."

Carol bowed respectfully to Eve. "Thank you for your understanding, Your Holiness."

"Carol, just tell me one thing. Do you wish for this war to happen?"Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Carol didn't answer, and only shook her head. She was afraid that if someone heard her reply, they would use it as a means to replace her as Eve's attendant.

"Understood," Eve nodded. "You may go now."

Carol bowed one last time before leaving Eve's tent to tell the cooks to prepare some porridge for her.

"Tomorrow, the suffering will start," Eve said softly as she sat on top of her bed.

The golden necklace on her neck glowed faintly as Ahriman told her that she didn't need to follow the army when they marched to battle when morning came. The God of Demons knew how precious Eve was, so in order to keep the peace with David, he didn't mind allowing her to keep her innocence a little longer by sparing her from seeing the bloodbath that would happen when morning came.

The God of Darkness and Chaos was the one that started the Dark Era in Hestia, thousands of years ago. He had many tricks under his sleeves, and a puny Amberfang Fortress was not enough to prevent him from having his way.