Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1150 The Day When The World Descended lnto Darkness [Part 1]

When the first rays of the sun rose from the East, the Demon Army started to stir.

They had properly rested themselves for a day, while the Pseudo-Gods kept watch over them. All of them knew that, regardless of whether they wanted to fight or not, they had no choice but to hold their weapons for the sake of their families and Clans.

The Demons ate their meal slowly, thinking that it would be their last on. They were supposed to bring down the mighty Fortress in front of them, but they were sure that it wouldn't be an easy task. The majority of them would probably die in the attempt.

Felix sat on top of his golden palanquin as he stared at the Demons who had resolved themselves to fight. A confident smile could be seen on his face, as he made a gesture for his aides to come to his side.

"Messengers, send my decree," Felix ordered. "An hour from now, we will march. Have everyone prepare themselves for war. Today, our army will prove to the world that we are unstoppable!"

The messengers bowed. ""Yes, Your Excellency!""

Felix nodded his head in satisfaction as he stared at the Amberfang Fortress in front of him with a smirk.

"Joash, you are a fool," Felix said. "You picked the wrong side."

—--

Amberfang Fortress…

Archers lined up along the ramparts of the Fortress as they held their weapons firmly in their hands. The armies of the Kraetor Empire, the Amazon Empire, the Elves, as well as the other reinforcements that hailed from the Central Continent, readied themselves.

They were the first line of defense against the Demon Invasion, so they planned to whittle their numbers down as much as they could to ensure that Felix would feel the pain of losing his army.

Joash assured all of them that the Fortress would hold strong, even if the opponents were Pseudo-Gods. His confidence stemmed from the fact that the Fortress was built to withstand any siege, whether it be from the Human Kingdoms or the Demon Realm.

"Do not show any mercy, for your enemies will show you none," Joash's voice spread across the entire Fortress as he stood on top of his tower. "Kill as many as you can. The more we kill, the more they will feel how futile their endeavors are!"

""Yes!""

Joash raised his sword high up in the air as it glinted in crimson light.

"For the Alliance!"

""For the Alliance!""

""For the Alliance!""

""For the Alliance!""

""For the Alliance!""

The Black Dragon looked at the united front that had gathered to face the forces of the Heir of Darkness. He found this scene quite funny because he never thought that he would fight for the side of the Humans and Elves, who had defeated them in the previous war.

"Fate sure knows how to make people, and Demigods, suffer," Joash muttered as he gazed at the Demon Army who had now started to blow their war horns and beat their war drums.

The sound of war spread across the land, making those who stood on the protective walls of Amberfang Fortress grip their weapons as if their lives depended on it.

—-

One hour later…

"Form Ranks!"

Zagarl, the Demon Commander, who had sent Carter to the Southern Continent to abduct the students of the Hellan Royal Academy several years ago, stood at the center of the army.

"Today, we conquer!" Zagarl shouted. "Tonight, we feast! Raise your swords and spears! Hold your axes and flails. We fight for the Heir of Darkness and our God Ahriman! Offer the blood of our enemies as sacrifices to honor them. I ask you, Warriors of the Demon Realm, are you ready to kill?!"

""Kill!""

""Kill!""

""Kill!""

""Kill!""

""Kill!""

Zagarl then raised his hand as he pointed at the structure that had been built overnight at the center of the Demon Army.

"Open the Gate!" Zagarl ordered.

Immediately, a giant red portal appeared in the center of the Demon Army, which surprised everyone, except for those who were aware of the true plan of the Heir of Darkness.

Joash, who was standing on top of his tower, felt his body shudder after seeing the giant red portal in the distance.

"T-This. No… we've been tricked!" Joash's eyes widened in shock because he knew then and there that the Demons had hidden their true motive well. Their target wasn't the Amberfang Fortress, their target was something else!

—--

"That annoying Headmaster and Pope," the King of the Zabia Kingdom, who had ridiculed the Alliance during the conference said with irritation. "Why do I have to send my army to the front lines when we are at the Southwestern Corner of the Central Continent? They can kill each other as much as they want, but I'm not joining their farce."

The King even laughed at the Emperor of Kora, Fannar Kora, back then because his land was the one that directly bordered the Demon Continent.

The King knew that if the Demons were going to step into the Central Continent, the Kora Empire would be the first Empire to resist their invasion.

He had also heard the news from the Alliance that the Demon Army had camped just outside the walls of the Amberfang Fortress in the Demon Continent. He, as well as the other rulers agreed that the Demons would attack the next day, which was today.

"Cheers to the fools who will be dying today," the King of the Zabia Kingdom said as he mockingly raised his golden wine cup to wish the Alliance goodluck. "May the Kora Empire fall faster and the Order of Light be wiped out from the face of the world. I'm sure that the world will be a better place without them."

The King then drank his wine leisurely as he sat on the balcony of his room.

Suddenly, his surroundings darkened which made him frown.

The King looked up in the sky and saw dark storm clouds gathering over his capital city.

"The court magician didn't say that it would rain today." the King frowned. "He might be losing his touch. I guess it's about time to find another magician to ser–"

The King wasn't able to finish his sentence because at the very center of his capital city, a giant red portal appeared.

"W-What in the world?!" the King felt a sense of dread from every fiber of his being as he stared at the red portal that came out of nowhere.

Half a minute later, the Bull Demon King and Princess Iron Fan emerged from the red portal and hovered in the air.

"Oh my~ What a peaceful city this is," Princess Iron Fan chuckled as she fanned herself. "Well, I guess we just need to renovate it a bit and color the walls with a redder hue. What do you think, Darling?"

The Bull Demon King smiled as he nodded his head. "How about we paint the walls red? That will certainly give this place a little more color."

"I agree," Princess Iron Fan happily replied as her gaze locked on the King of the Zabia Kingdom who was seated on the balcony of his castle.

The Demonic beauty didn't do anything and simply stayed where she was. A moment later, a hoard of Gargoyles flew out of the red portal and started to attack the city.

It didn't take long before a legion of Demons marched out of the portal and shouted their warcries.

The King of Zabia could only watch in horror as the Demon Army arrived at his doorstep. He stood up and looked at the scene with mouth agape as he tried to stop the trembling of his body.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"G-Guards! Anyone! We are under attack!" the King shouted. "Notify the Alliance! We are under atta—arggh!"

A three-meter-tall black Gargoyle descended from the sky and punched the King of Zabia's chest, sending the latter crashing towards the wall behind him.

It then gave a triumphant roar as it raised its claws and charged at the King who was looking back at it with despair.

"S-Stooooooop!" the king pleaded. "Don't kill meeeeee!"

The black Gargoyle heard the King's pleas, but it was not obligated to acknowledge it.

The king of Zabia struggled as the Gargoyle grabbed his neck and raised him in the air. It looked at him with a teasing gaze as it slowly tightened its grip on the Human's neck.

Half a minute later, a cracking sound was heard, as the Gargoyle crushed the King's neck before letting him fall to the floor.

The King's body fell on the floor with a loud thud, his eyes opened wide. Before he had taken his last breath, his gaze landed on his prosperous city that was being razed to the ground by the Demons who had appeared unannounced.

On that day, the Kingdom of Zabia fell, shocking the alliance and throwing all the plans they had made into disarray.