Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1151 The Day When The World Descended lnto Darkness [Part 2]

At a seaside villa in the Silvermoon Continent…

Four Elven Elders, who were part of the council, drank tea as they discussed the problems that they were facing. They were the Elders who secretly supported the invasion of the Southern Continent and hated the Human race.

The Elven Patriarch who proposed that they surrender Arwen to the Demons in order to appease them was also there, calmly drinking tea with his friends.

"Have you all heard the latest knews?" the owner of the seaside villa asked. "The Demons appeared in the Central Continent using a backdoor that was never heard of before. The Alliance is now in chaos, and those that border the Kingdom of Zabia are now panicking."

Although he hated Humans, there was no joy in his voice. The Demons stepping foot in the Central Continent was bad news for them. It meant that Ahriman had a method to traverse great distances, and send his army anywhere that he pleased.

"I heard about it," the Patriarch of the Nasir Clan, Gealan, who had proposed to offer Arwen to the Demons, replied. "I say that we stop wasting any time and kidnap the Saintess."

"Are you crazy?" one of the Elders asked. "That is tantamount to betraying our race!"

"Fool! Can't you see our current situation?!" the Patriarch of the Nasir Clan replied. "If we surrender the Saintess, the Silvermoon Continent might not be spared, but our Clans will receive the good graces of the Heir of Darkness!"

"Y-You mean to say that we switch to the Demons' side?!" another Elder gasped in shock.

"Yes. What of it?" Gealan answered with a snort. "Think about it this way. If we defect now, we will gain an advantage the moment the Silvermoon Continent is conquered. We can be the governors who will lord over the Elven Clans as well as the Royal Family. Although we have to bow our heads to the Demons, the rest of our race will bow their heads to us. Isn't that a nice tradeoff?"

"Madness! What you're saying is madness!"

"He's right. Gealan, you're going too far!"

"Old friend, has your greed for power corrupted your way of thinking? You will even betray our race just to get the right to enslave your countrymen?"

Gealan scoffed at his friends, who were still clinging to their noble mentality.

"If you don't want to help me then fine, I'll do it alone," Gealan said. "However, don't go begging for my help once I get a high position in the new empire that the Heir of Darkness will build. Mark my words, the time of Men and Elves is over. The time of Demons is nigh. Only fools and those who still refuse to accept reality will suffer in the end. I have given all of you a chance. Are you with me or against me? Choose now!"

The three Elven Elders glanced at each other with worried expressions on their faces. Fear was evident in their eyes because what they would do was akin to treason. They knew that Gealan was serious, and he would really try to capture the Saintess and offer her to Felix.

They were aware that the Sacred Grove was heavily guarded, but on the off chance that Gealan succeeded, and was indeed able to gain the good graces of the Heir of Darkness, then they would have lost their chance to let their Clans escape the cruel fate that would befall them.

Gealan scanned the faces of the other Patriarchs while sneering internally. He called them fools in his heart because they were still undecided even at this point in time.

Finally, after five minutes, one of the Elders reluctantly nodded his head.

"How confident are you that you will be able to abduct the Saintess?" the Patriarch asked.

"Very confident," Gealan answered in a heartbeat. He was afraid that if he didn't assure his allies, he would not get their support when taking Arwen into their custody. "I have a map of the Sacred Grove, and know of a backdoor that leads into it. This is the escape route that the royal family had built just in case the Elven Lands were about to fall. We can use it to enter the Sacred Grove, and capture the Saintess without anyone noticing."

The Elders exchanged a glance with each other because they didn't expect that Gealan had planned this far. If there really was a high chance of success then they would take that risk in order to support Gealan's plan.

"Very well, I will join you in this endeavor."

"I will join it as well."

"Just tell us when."

Gealan was overjoyed because he was certain that if the three other Elven Patriarchs helped him then the chances of their success increased dramatically.

Just before he was about to tell them more about his plan, he noticed that the surroundings had turned dark without him noticing it. At first, he thought that he was imagining things, but after gazing at the sky, he saw that it was covered with storm clouds.

Thunder boomed in the heavens, and flashes of lightning snaked across the sky.

Suddenly, all the patriarchs felt a chill run down their spine, which gave them a foreboding feeling.

"W-What is that?!" one of the Patriarchs' pointed in the distance as something big emerged from the dark clouds in the sky.

Within the storm clouds, where thunder and lightning roared in unison, black flames could be seen if one were to look closely.

It was as if the entire sky was burning, and it made Gealan and the other Patriarchs feel their hearts trembling in fright.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"I-It can't be," Gealan stuttered. "J-Just how?! We have our warships patrolling the borders of our continent. They would immediately send a signal if he…"

Gealan wasn't able to finish his words as a soul-shaking screech erupted from the heavens. A moment later, the head of a black phoenix peered from the storm clouds and flapped its mighty wings to head in their direction.

Behind the majestic creature, a handsome Half-Elf stood with his arms behind his back. His short black hair fluttered faintly in the breeze as his golden eyes locked on the body of the four Elders who had just been discussing the abduction of his mother.

Beside the Half-Elf, three gorgeous ladies stood.

One of them was the Fairy Queen, Titania, and the other two were Astrape, and Bronte, the twin Deities of Lightning and Thunder.

The Black Phoenix then landed on the ground and lowered its body to allow William to disembark. Behind him, the three Deities followed, as if all three of them were shield maidens, accompanying their lover to war.

William stopped a few meters away from the fear-stricken Patriarchs, who finally realized who he was.

"Good day, Gentlemen," William said in a teasing tone. "I am on my way to the Capital City, and seem to have gotten lost along the way. Would any of you be so kind as to point me in the right direction?"

The Half-Elf gave the other three elders a dazzling smile, which made them almost faint from fright. They were just discussing kidnapping the Saintess and presenting her to the Heir of Darkness a mere moment ago, so they could gain his good graces.

Gealan's body shuddered uncontrollably when William's gaze shifted in his direction. The Half-Elf had a devilish smile on his face as if telling the Elven Patriarch, "I know what you did last summer", which made the latter's eyes roll up into their sockets before he collapsed on the ground, unconscious.

"Oh, dear," William patted his forehead as he stared at the fainted Elf on the floor. "Astrape, would you be so kind as to wake him up? It's not good to sleep on the floor, you know?"

"Yes, Master," Astrape replied and pointed her finger at the old man, shooting a strand of black lightning bolt at his body, making him squirm on the ground as if he was suffering from epilepsy.

"F-Forgive me," Gelean pleaded as soon as he recovered his consciousness. "I-I was wrong. This humble servant made a terrible mistake!"

"Humble servant?" William chuckled. "You're not qualified to become my servant. I prefer beautiful ladies to serve me, and not an old bastard who would gladly betray his race just to gain a little advantage over his countrymen. Astrape, continue."

"With pleasure, Master." Astrape shot another lightning bolt at the Elf making the latter scream in fear, pain, and desperation.

The Half-Elf savored the Elf's scream, while looking at the faces of the three Elves kneeling in front of him.

"Raise your heads," William ordered.

The Elf Patriarchs dared not disobey as they looked up at the handsome Half-Elf, whose devilish smile scared them to death.

"So, tell me, who among you can guide me to the Sacred Grove?" William asked. "If you are nice, I'll be willing to give you this pack of gummy bears."

"I will guide you, Your Excellency!"

"No! I will do it!"

"Let me do it, Your Excellency! I know the Silvermoon Continent like it is my own backyard!"

William smiled as he nodded his head in satisfaction.

"Very well, since the three of you are so excited to help me, I'll let the three of you lead the way," William replied. "However, if you are going to try something funny…"

The black-haired teenager's words trailed off as he placed his right hand over Gealan's head. The old man then squirmed under William's touch as his skin color slowly turned black.

The Patriarchs watched in horror as Gealan's entire body had turned completely black, leaving only his hair a silver color, before his eyes turned crimson.

"D-Drow," one of the Patriarchs said in a fearful voice.

William chuckled as he eyed the three patriarch's who had all collapsed on the floor and looked back at him with fearful gazes.

"Hmm. I changed my mind," William said as a sinister grin appeared on his face. "I think I'll give your entire race a makeover."

Soon, three blood curdling screams erupted in the sea-side villa as William forcefully turned them into the creatures that they hated the most.

On that same day, dark clouds covered the entirety of the Silvermoon Continent, as William made his way to the Elven Capital.

Along the way, several Elves saw the Black Phoenix in the sky, and the Dark Prince who stood on top of it. However, they didn't do anything.

They couldn't do anything.

The only thing they could do was watch as he paraded across the sky, accompanied by the thunder and lightning. Their booming cries in the Heavens announced the coming of their Prince, letting everyone know that he had arrived in the Silvermoon Continent.

On that fateful day, Darkness descended upon the Elven lands, and those in the Capital City of Morne Entheas felt their hearts trembling, as they waited with bated breath for the Prince of their Prophecy to arrive.