Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1152 Wherever You Are,That will Be My Home

Elven Capital City, Morne Entheas…

"Can you repeat that?" The Elven King, Rydel Ashthalas Nienna, asked his trusted Aide to repeat his report because he couldn't believe what he had heard.

"Your Majesty, the Prince of Darkness, William Von Ainsworth, is currently headed to the Capital City," the Royal Aide replied. "According to our estimates, he will arrive here in two hours."

Rydel's face became serious after hearing his Aide's confirmation. He had placed Border Patrols, on both the land and the sea, and yet, the Prince of Darkness was able to make landfall in the Silvermoon Continent without causing any warning to come from the Elves patrolling their borders.

"Does the council know of this as well?" Rydel inquired.

The Royal Aide nodded his head. "They are currently having an emergency meeting about how to deal with the current situation."

Rydel closed his eyes for a few minutes before coming up with a decision.

"Call the Queen, the Princes, as well as the Princesses," Rydel ordered. "Tell them to wear their best clothes, and be ready to leave the castle in thirty minutes. Inform them that we will head towards the Sacred Grove in order to meet the Prince of Darkness."

"Your Majesty, won't you consider evacuating?" the Royal Aide pleaded. "There is still time. We can prepare a flying ship so that you and the rest of the Royal Family can escape."

"Escape?" Rydel asked in a helpless voice. "Escape where? There is no safe place to hide. Even if the Saintess' son chose to ignore our existence, the Royal Family can't leave its people behind. If the Silvermoon Continent were to fall today, the Nienna Family would fall alongside it. Send my orders to the army to be on standby."

The Royal Aide sighed as he bowed respectfully to carry out the orders of his King.

The only thing he could do now was pray.

Pray that their Saintess' son would be merciful and not enslave their people.

—--

"Aenarion, your grandson has arrived," one of the Elders said with a serious expression on his face. "Tell me, what should we do now?"

Aenarion scanned the faces of everyone inside the conference room before voicing his opinion.

"There are two options left for us," Aenarion replied. "The first one is to fight, and the other is to negotiate. I don't know what my grandson is thinking right now, but I'm sure that he isn't as bloodthirsty as the Demons."

"Not bloodthirsty?" another Elder mockingly chuckled after hearing Aenarion's second option. "Did you forget? He killed all the men that went to the Southern Continent, and only spared the women. Out of the millions that went, only a few thousand remained, and you call that not being bloodthirsty?"

Aenarion sneered at the Elder that spoke up. "We were the invaders who attacked his homeland. The fact that he even spared anyone is proof that he isn't bloodthirsty. So, what do you suggest? Do you want to fight him?"

"Yes!" the elder replied. "With our Guardians fighting alongside us, we still stand a chance! Isn't that what we had agreed to do last time? We chose to fight! Whether it be the Heir or Prince of Darkness that came to our lands, we would not surrender!"

The other Elders nodded their heads in agreement. They had indeed agreed that they would fight against those who wished to conquer their lands. This was why they sent some of their warriors to assist the Alliance in the Amberfang Fortress.

"Very well, if that is what you wish to happen then you can fight," Aenarion stood up from his chair and walked towards the exit of the conference room. "From now on, I am no longer the Head of the Council. All of you can discuss how you will fight against my grandson. I will have no part in this."

Aenarion left the conference room with a determined look on his face. He was quite certain that William wouldn't come to the Silvermoon Continent unless he could guarantee that he could overpower their forces.

Since his grandson had arrived, that only meant one thing.

The Half-Elf was not afraid of fighting head-to-head with whatever the Elf Defenders could throw at him.

"I need to go to the Sacred Grove," Aenarion muttered. "If my guess is right, the first thing he will do is visit his mother."

Although he hadn't interacted with his grandson in the past, Arwen did, and his daughter allowed him to read the letters that she had exchanged with William. After reading those letters, he had gotten a better understanding of what his grandson was like.

'If the council really plans to declare war against him, this place will become a bloodbath,' Aenarion thought. 'I just hope that William will hold back and show mercy. Or else, it will end up being a one-sided genocide. Arwen, make sure that you keep your son calm until I get there.'

Aenarion summoned his Hippogriff and immediately flew towards the World Tree that could be seen in the distance. Although he didn't want to admit this, he didn't have the qualifications to negotiate with his grandson for the safety of their race. The only one with the best chance of succeeding would be his daughter, Arwen.'Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Aenarion glanced over at the Horizon and saw the Darkness slowly creeping towards them. He knew that it was only a matter of time before William arrived, and when he did, the Silvermoon Continent would never be the same again.

—-

William stood on top of Sepheron's back as the Black Phoenix leisurely flew towards the World Tree.

The Half-Elf had ordered it to take its time flying towards their destination to give the Elves some time to understand that he had arrived in their ancestral home.

The four Elf Patriarchs, who had now become Drows under William's power, flew beside the Black Phoenix, while riding on top of Winged Scorpion Antz.

They were the ones that escorted William, and did their best to make themselves useful, so that the Prince of Darkness could revert them to their original forms.

"Charmaine, join me," William ordered and several portals appeared behind him.

Charmaine, and the Elves, who were led by William's personal maid, flew out of the portal. All of them were riding their winged horses, and formed a battle formation in front of the Black Phoenix.

'How does it feel to see your homeland after so many years?' William inquired via telepathy to the pretty Elf that was at the forefront of the Half-Elf's Valkyrie Squad.

'It feels nice,' Charmaine replied, 'but my place is no longer here. I now belong to you, Master. Wherever you are, that will be my home.'

'You're getting good in your flattery.'

'I'm not flattering you, Master. I'm just telling the truth.'

William smiled because he knew that Charmaine was telling the truth. He had already recognized the pretty Elf as his concubine, and intended to take care of her for the rest of her life.

The pretty Elf had also told William about her wish to build a family with him when the war was over, and the Half-Elf agreed to grant her desire. Since she was already his woman, it was only normal for him to ensure that she would be happy by his side.

As the two were chatting casually, the Half-Elf noticed that several strong presences had appeared in his path.

"About time you guys showed up," William smirked as he saw the Ancient Golem, Drauum, as well as the other Guardians of the Silvermoon Continent, appear before him.

In the past, he treated these beings akin to Gods.

Creatures that could easily end the life of his friends, family, lovers, and acquaintances, depending on their whim. Now, William looked down on them, as he ordered his forces to stop their advance.

He wanted to know what the Guardians of the Silvermoon Continent wanted from him.

If they came here for a fight then William would be more than happy to pay them back for the transgressions that they made in his homeland many years ago.