Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1153 The Half-Elf Who Holds Grudges

"We've met again, Half-Elf," Drauum said as he looked at the black-haired teenager who was seated on top of the Black Phoenix.

None of the Guardians said anything, but they already had an idea who the Black Phoenix was, and this discovery made their mood plummet.

"Indeed," William replied as he looked at the Ancient Golem that had made things incredibly difficult for him during the war in the Southern Continent. "Titania, would you be so kind as to give that golem a slap as a greeting?"

The Fairy Queen nodded as she jumped off the Black Phoenix's back. A moment later, she reappeared in front of the Ancient Golem and gave it a resounding slap that made it skid a few meters across the ground.

Drauum was now a Pseudo-God, but he was only in its initial stages.

Titania on the other hand, had been a Pseudo-God for thousands of years, and was already at the peak stage of the Pseudo-God Rank.

For her, slapping Drauum was just a trivial thing.

After carrying out Wiliam's orders, she flew back towards the Black Phoenix and landed beside William. She had pledged that she would serve him faithfully for three years, and she had no intention of breaking her promise.

The Guardians were all shocked when they saw William's "greeting". They didn't expect that the fairy-like beauty that was standing beside the Half-Elf was actually a Pseudo-God because they didn't feel an aura emanating from her.

Myrendor, the Ent King, stepped forward, and warned his comrades not to be reckless. He was currently the strongest creature in the Silvermoon Continent, and his strength was also at the Peak of the Pseudo-God Rank.

"Why have you come to the Silvermoon Continent?" Myrendor asked.

William scoffed at the Ent King. "Do you even need to ask? I'm here to conquer your lands, and make everyone submit to me. If you don't like it, we can fight. End of story."

The Ent King didn't reply right away, but appraised William with his ancient gaze. He could tell that the black-haired teenager had already stepped into the Initial Stages of the Demigod Rank, but something was telling him that if the two of them fought one on one, the victor would be none other than the Half-Elf in front of him.

"Will there be no compromise between us?" Myrendor inquired.

"No," William answered in a heartbeat. "From this day onwards, the Silvermoon Continent belongs to me. Meaning, all of you belong to me as well."

"You've grown too cocky, boy."

Drauum stared at William with a calm expression on his face. Although he knew that the lady that slapped him was stronger than him, she was just as strong as Myrendor.

The Black Phoenix, whom he knew was Sepheron, was only in the Middle Rank of the Pseudo-God Rank. Drauum believed that if they really fought, their side would have the advantage because they still had three Demigods on their side, not including the two hidden Demigods that protected the Elven Royal Family from the shadows.

"Titania, slap that nuisance over there," William ordered. "He thinks too highly of himself."

After hearing William's words, Drauum immediately merged with the Earth to prevent the Fairy Queen from dealing with him.

Unfortunately, he had greatly underestimated Titania, who commanded the power of Nature.

Holding her flowery staff in her hand, the Fairy Queen slammed it on the ground, creating a powerful shockwave that forced Drauum to reappear on the surface.

Before the Ancient Golem could even understand what was happening, a delicate looking hand appeared in his vision.

The next second, he found himself flying several meters away from where he stood. He landed on the ground, shattering into pieces.

"When powerful beings are talking, you better keep your mouth shut," Titania said as she flapped her beautiful butterfly wings to hover in the air. "You are not qualified to join their discussion."

Drauum roared in anger as he increased the size of his body until he was over a hundred-meters tall.

The first thing the Ancient Golem did was to summon a gigantic boulder the size of a mountain and threw it in William's direction. He might not be able to beat the Fairy Queen, but the Half-Elf was only a Demigod.

He was confident that once his attack connected, the arrogant Prince would understand that he wasn't someone that William could bully.

Just as the mountain-sized boulder was about to smash into the Giant Phoenix, Bronte, who was standing beside William hovered in the air and uttered a deafening roar.

The gigantic boulder shattered into pieces, and was blown away by the Thunder Deity's powerful sonic scream.

Myrendor spread his arms wide, and several roots jutted out of the ground, shielding themselves from the rain of falling rocks that were sent flying in their direction.

"So what if you're big?" a mocking tone said right beside Drauum's ears. "You know what they say, the bigger they are…"

"The stronger they are!" Drauum interjected as he tried to smash the fly that stood on his shoulder.

Astrape chuckled as she raised her hand, and summoned a black lightning bolt that crackled joyously in her hand. With one powerful throw, the black lightning bolt smashed through Drauum's chest, making it explode.

Drauum's upper half, as well as lower half crashed on the ground, creating a dust cloud that pushed his allies away due to the powerful shockwave that the black lightning bolt created.

"The bigger they are," Astrape said with contempt. "The harder they fall."

Drauum's head remained on the ground as he tried to forcefully re-attach his body, but his body was not listening to him.

"Y-You! What did you do to me?!" Drauum demanded in anger. This was the first time that he was experiencing something like this. Usually when he fought, whenever his body shattered, he could easily reattach the pieces without too much problem.

Because of this, Drauum had become arrogant because he couldn't be killed due to his cheat-like ability. He believed that even if his opponent was more powerful than him, they couldn't kill him no matter what kind of method they used against him.

However, right now, no matter how much he tried to recall his body parts, they weren't listening to him. The Ancient Golem stared at his arm that had fallen not far from his body. Tendrils of black lightning snaked around its surface, which prevented Drauum from reconnecting it to his body.Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

The same was happening to his other body parts. Right now, the Ancient Golem couldn't do anything but stare at the black-haired beauty who was playing with a black lightning bolt in her hand.

"Y-You are also a Pseudo-God?" Drauum asked. This time, his arrogant tone disappeared and was replaced with dread.

Astrape ignored him and simply shifted her attention to the Half-Elf who was looking down at her with satisfaction.

The Lightning Deity felt her cheeks burning as a blush appeared on her face. She could tell with a glance that William was very satisfied with how she had punished the arrogant Golem, that dared to call him cocky.

"Well done, Titania, Astrape, and you too, Bronte." William said with a smile. "Astrape, if that Golem says one more word, blast his head to oblivion. I don't like being interrupted when talking to people."

Astrape bowed respectfully. "I hear and obey, Master."

William then shifted his attention to the Ent King whose expression had become grim.

"So, do you still want to fight?" William asked the Guardians of the Silvermoon Continent that were standing in his way. "I have an important matter to take care of in the Sacred Grove. If you don't wish to fight then get out of my way. But, if you wish to fight then so be it. I still haven't fully settled the score with you guys when it comes to what you did in the Southern Continent. I am someone who holds grudges, you know?"

William gave the Guardians a devilish smile, which made them shudder.

In the end, the Ent King, Myrendor, who was currently the strongest being in the Silvermoon Continent, was forced to step aside and allow William to pass.

The Guardian Deer Zyphone, the Golden Elder Dragon, Ezkalor, the Winged Serpent, Drakon Nalzrig, as well as the Ancient Golem whose eyes stared hatefully at William, couldn't do anything but watch the black-haired teenager fly past them.

Ezkalor, the Elder Dragon that had thought highly of William back in the Southern Continent, sighed in his heart.

"It seems that the prophecy was right," Ezkalor said in a helpless tone as he gazed at the Black Phoenix that was flying further and further away. "It seems that the Silvermoon Continent can't fight its Destiny."

The Guardians of the Silvermoon Continent could only reluctantly nod their heads as they, too, gazed at the Black Phoenix that was flying straight for the World Tree.

They had already tried to stop him, thinking that they could overpower him with their might and numbers, but they didn't expect that the Half-Elf had come prepared. With four Pseudo-Gods by his side, who had the ability to immobilize Drauum, and thereby rendering him useless, they would be forced to fight an uphill battle against William.

Myrendor knew that the chances of winning were slim, so he was forced to eat his pride and step aside to allow the Half-Elf to pass through their blockade.

"What now?" Drakon Nalzrig, the Winged Serpent, who once fought the Arcane Spectral Lich in the Southern Continent, asked.

After a while, Myrendor raised his head and looked up towards the sky, which was now covered with dark clouds, blocking the sunlight and keeping it from reaching their ancestral lands.

"Now, we wait," Myrendor replied in a voice that had accepted their current circumstances. "We wait for the results of the negotiations that will happen in the Sacred Grove that will decide this continent's fate."

Drauum, who was now able to reattach his body, looked in the direction William had gone before merging with the ground. He had felt William's killing intent when the latter looked at him earlier, and knew that if their paths were to cross again, he would once again be subjected to another round of humiliation.

The Ancient Golem didn't want that to happen so he made the decision to make himself scarce and lie low for the time being.

Deep down, he felt a lingering fear in his heart that was made of stone. He never thought that the boy that he had bullied several years ago would swagger into his home turf, and put the Ancient Golem in his place.

For the first time in his life, Drauum regretted the decision he made back then. If he hadn't supported the Southern Invasion, the Half-Elf wouldn't have kept a grudge.

A grudge that he still hadn't paid in full.