Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1154 All For The Sake Of His Vengeance

As William approached the Sacred Grove, so did the dark clouds that covered the entirety of the Silvermoon Continent.

Sepheron landed a few hundred meters away from the World Tree as per William's order. The Half-Elf then flew towards his destination alongside the three Pseudo-Gods, and the Valkyries that were led by Charmaine.

'So, this is the World Tree,' William thought as he gazed at the gigantic Tree that was thousands of meters tall. As the Half-Elf neared his destination, he saw a White Crane hovering in front of him, blocking his path.

The black-haired teenager smiled as he ordered for everyone to stop, before flying alone towards the Crane that was eyeing him calmly.

"Sister Skyla, it has been a while."

"Krooo."Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

William reached out to give the crane a hug and patted her head. Skyla had always visited him in the Southern Continent, and even went as far as to go against the Elves in order to save the Half-Elf in his time of need.

The black-haired teenager only had love for the White Crane who served as his mother's best friend and protector, as well as the messenger who brought their letters to and from the Southern and Silvermoon Continents.

"Have you been well?" William inquired.

"Krooo," Skyla replied.

"Can you take us to Mother?"

"Krooo."

The White Crane then flapped its wings and flew away, leading William and his entourage towards the Saintess who was already waiting for his arrival.

A few minutes later, Skyla descended from the sky and landed beside a beautiful Elf, whose green eyes had locked onto the black-haired teenager, whom she was seeing for the first time.

As soon as William landed a few meters away from his mother, Arwen, wasn't able to control her overflowing emotions and ran towards him.

A moment later, the black-haired teenager found himself being held in a tight embrace, as the Saintess' warm tears fell on his shoulder now that she was finally able to see her son.

William closed his eyes because even though the fragrance was different, the feeling was the same. He had been held like this a few times in the past by his adoptive mother, Ella, whenever the two of them were together.

The Half-Elf could feel the same warmth and love coming from his birth mother, that he had received from his adoptive mother, as he was being embraced by the woman whom he was seeing for the first time.

In the end, William also hugged Arwen back as he savored the feeling that he had almost forgotten, due to Ella's passing in the battle that happened in the Demon Realm.

Everyone present in the Sacred Grove watched this scene with varying emotions, but none dared to interrupt in the reunion of mother and son.

After several minutes had passed, Arwen reluctantly took a step back as she took a better look at her son.

"Just as expected, you have all of my good genes," Arwen muttered. "Your no-good father only gave you his hair color, but aside from that, everything else was inherited from me."

William smiled after hearing Arwen's comment. Although Skyla had already told him what his mother was like during her visits, hearing her voice and seeing her for the first time still made an impact on him.

"You've suffered a lot," Arwen said softly as she lightly brushed William's hair with her hand. "Come, let me introduce you to your no-good father first. The rest can wait until then."

William nodded as he allowed Arwen to pull him towards the World Tree. He had already noticed several personages that were standing in the distance and recognized a few of them, like Princess Eowyn and Pearl.

The Half-Elf paid them no mind because he didn't come to the Sacred Grove to talk to them. He had more important matters to attend to, and their talks could wait until he was done with his business.

"Maxwell, your son is here," Arwen said as soon as she stood before the trunk of the World Tree. She then turned her head towards William and looked at him apologetically. "He has been dormant for quite some time, and no longer responds to my calls. I think he is in deep sleep after upgrading the Guardians to Demigods, in addition to turning Drauum and Myrendor to Pseudo-Gods."

William nodded his head in understanding as he pressed his right hand on the trunk of the World Tree and closed his eyes.

Immediately, he found himself in a radiant place that was brimming with life force.

"So, you have come."

A voice filled with happiness, as well as confidence, reached his ears. A few seconds later, a man in his early thirties appeared in front of William with a smug smile on his face.

"I knew that this moment would arrive, but I never expected that you would come before me in this form," Maxwell frowned as he eyed his son from head to foot. "Care to tell me what happened? Time flows differently here, so you don't have to worry about sharing your story. Perhaps, after you've told me everything, only a minute or two would have passed in the outside world."

The black-haired teenager smiled and nodded his head. When he saw Maxwell the first time, it was when he was passing on the power of the Dungeon Conqueror Job Class to William. Back then, his father looked so awesome, and so domineering as he stood on the shoulders of mighty beasts whose might and ferocity were second to none.

With their help, he was able to stop the advance of the Demons and ensure that the Silvermoon Continent wasn't overrun by their wish of conquest.

Maxwell remained silent as William narrated his tale. He listened to the battle between his son and the son of his enemy, Luciel, as well as the interference of the God of Darkness and Chaos in their duel.

He frowned when William told him that several of his wives died at the hands of the God of Darkness as they did their best to rush to his side.

The more Maxwell listened, the more his frown deepened. When he heard what happened to his niece, Eve, the former Dungeon Conqueror's eyes were already bloodshot. It was as if he was ready to immediately leave the sanctuary of the World Tree and raise an army to destroy those who bullied William and his family.

When William finished, Maxwell heaved a long and deep sigh as he patted his son's shoulders.

"You suffered a lot," Maxwell said as he looked at his son's golden eyes, brimming with the thoughts of revenge. "Now, tell me. What can I do for you? I know that I haven't been a good father because I wasn't there when you needed me the most. However, if there is something I can do for you, just say the word. As long as it is within my ability, I will make it happen."

William knew that Maxwell wasn't just saying these words to make him feel better. He could tell that his father was serious, and wanted to make up for the years that he hadn't been by his side.

"Actually there is a favor that I'd like to ask you, Father," William said. "But, doing this might not make Mother happy."

Maxwell crossed his arms over his chest. He could tell that whatever William was planning to do wasn't good if he was telling him that his wife, Arwen, wouldn't like it.

"I'll hear you out first," Maxwell said with his arms crossed. "Even if Arwen doesn't like it, as long as I think that it will be useful to you, I will make it happen."

After hearing his father's words, William told him about his plans for the Elves and the Silvermoon Continent without leaving anything out.

Maxwell didn't say anything, but after his son finished his explanation, he sighed internally. William was right when he said that Arwen wouldn't like it. What the black-haired teenager was trying to do was to force the entire Elven race to make a decision.

A decision whose answer would only work in his son's favor.

"You're right," Maxwell said in a helpless voice. "Arwen wouldn't like this."

William nodded in agreement, but he had no intention of turning back. Even if Maxwell didn't support him, he would still make it happen.

All for the sake of his vengeance.