Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1155 Have You Not Slept Enough?

"Are you sure about this?" Maxwell asked.

William nodded. "Yes."

"Very well, I need to prepare on my end. Give me an hour."

"Understood. Thank you father."

"Don't thank me. What I need you to do is prevent your mother from going ballistic and blaming me for listening to your request."

William chuckled because a part of him wanted to see how his mother would go ballistic after his plan came to fruition. Although he felt sorry for his mother, he had already made a decision, and would not change his mind even if it was her.

A moment later, William opened his eyes as he pulled his hand back from the trunk of the World Tree.

Arwen looked at him with a smile because she could tell that William was able to communicate with his father, even if only for a brief period of time.

"Mother, can you show me the way to the Springs of Life?" William asked. "There is someone I need to see there."

Arwen's smile widened and gave William a playful wink after hearing his request.

"I'd be happy to," Arwen replied with a glint in her eye. She looked like someone who was about to matchmake her son to her neighbor's daughter. "You know, I've always wanted to have a grandchild. I think it is about time you give me one, no? It just so happens that I have one good candidate for you. Don't worry, you'll be meeting her soon enough!"

Arwen excitedly grabbed hold of William's hand as she dragged him towards the entrance that led to the underground pathway that would lead them to the Springs of Life that nourished the roots of the World Tree.

The corner of William's lips twitched after hearing Arwen's request. He made a mental note to not let his Grandpa, James, and his mother meet because the two would definitely get along and join forces to ensure that William would start making babies for their sake.

—

"Arwen, can we have a chat with your son?" the Elven King, Rydel, said in a respectful tone as he called out to the Saintess who was currently dragging her son away. "It will not take long, I assure you."

Arwen stopped walking and glanced at the Elven King before shifting her gaze to her son.

William gave the Elven King a side-long glance before giving his reply.

"We can talk later," William replied. "Don't worry, I don't plan on leaving the Silvermoon Continent anytime soon. We have all the time in the world to talk, Your Majesty."

William's said these words in a teasing tone, mixed with sarcasm. Clearly, he didn't think too highly of the Elven King, especially after what happened in the Southern Continent. The only reason why he bothered to reply was because he could tell that Arwen and the Elven King were not in conflict with each other.

Since that was the case, he wouldn't antagonize him too much, so that his mother wouldn't feel conflicted.

"I see," Rydel replied as he decided to take a step back. "Thank you for hearing me out."

The Elven King could tell from William's stance that he didn't want to be distracted from whatever he was going to do. Right now, he didn't want to offend the young man, so he decided to just wait for him until he returned.

Arwen didn't talk again until they had entered the path that led them underground. Just as William had guessed, she and the Elven King had an amicable relationship with each other. This was also why she had accepted Princess Eowyn to become her disciple.

After walking for several minutes, they finally arrived at their destination.

"Well then, I guess I will leave you two young ones to talk," Arwen said in a playful tone. "Don't be shy, okay? That girl is my Disciple, and she's just a year older than you. I don't mind if you give me five or six grandkids. I promise to take good care of them for you!"

After saying those mischievous parting words, the beautiful Elf patted her son's shoulders and gave him a thumbs up before going back to the surface.

William could only shake his head helplessly as he stepped into the spring. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

He had already seen the person he wanted to meet, but the latter was submerged under the water. Her long blonde hair was scattered around her, and no matter how careful William was to not step on it, he found this quite a difficult task.

In the end, he decided to just float on the water's surface, so he wouldn't step on her hair. Back when he was still in Midgard, the blonde Elf didn't like it when others did something with her hair without her permission.

She could be quite petty at times and would always hang William upside down whenever he did something she didn't like.

"All you do is sleep," William stated as he looked at the beautiful Elf that was submerged underwater. "Have you not slept enough?"

As if in reply to his words, the delicate body that was under the water started to float towards the surface of the spring. The water droplets slid down the sides of her face, until none were left. Her white and wet dress hung to her skin tightly, revealing the curves of her body, which reminded William of the stubborn beauty whom he held in his loving arms a lifetime ago.

The black-haired teenager reached out to caress the side of the Elf's face, and gave it a light pinch.

"It has been a while, Acedia," William said softly. "I missed you."

The blonde beauty slowly opened her eyes and gave William a reproachful look before closing them again, which made the Half-Elf chuckle.

William slowly descended in the water until his feet hit the ground. The water reached up to his chest, and drenched his clothes completely, but he didn't mind.

The Half-Elf then hugged the beautiful Elf and closed his eyes. The memories of his past life flooded inside his mind. Truth be told, he felt very guilty because he wasn't able to keep his promise to her due to his untimely death in the war that happened in Midgard.

The blonde beauty didn't move, and simply allowed William to hug her. Since the Half-Elf's eyes were closed, he didn't notice the single tear that slid from the corner of her eye.

After thousands of years, the two of them had finally reunited and, perhaps this time around, they would never be parted ever again.