Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1157 Defy Me,And l Will Make YouRegret lt For Eternity

The moment William returned to the surface, Arwen took him to a small clearing within the Sacred Grove where the important people of the Silvermoon Continent gathered.

"Um, you see that no-good, middle-aged Elf over there?" Arwen asked as she pointed to the Elf that was seated closest to them at the round table. "That is your grandfather, Aenarion. He was the head of the Elven Council till an hour ago before he resigned from his position. Don't mind him too much, he's not too important, and is just about good enough to be a side character."

Aenarion, who heard his own daughter disparage him, didn't know if he should laugh or cry at Arwen's audacity. For the time being, he just smiled and waved at William, which the latter acknowledged with a nod.

"Mother, even side characters have roles to play," William replied. "Don't belittle Grandfather, even if he is just a side character. Relax, even if he is a side character, he is still family. I won't treat him any less even though he is a no-good grandfather."

"As expected of my son, you really inherited all my good genes!"

"Mmm."

The Elven King, as well as the other important Elves in the Silvermoon Continent glanced at Aenarion, who was doing his best to keep the smile on his face. The mother and son pair had made sure to say that he was just a side-character thrice, which made his heart weep bitter tears.

William scanned the faces of everyone in the clearing before making a gesture for Charmaine to come to his side.

The pretty Elf who also served as William's personal maid obediently followed her Master's orders and stood beside him.

"Charmaine, if you wish to speak to your sister, you can do it. I don't mind," William whispered. "There is also a chance that she might accompany us in our journey, so it would be best to patch up your relationship with her. In the end, Pearl is still your sister. Just like me, she is still part of your family."

"Understood, Master," Charmaine replied as she bowed her head respectfully to William. "I will talk to my sister, and do my best to brainwash her to become Master's concubine as well."

William blinked in confusion because Charmaine's response wasn't the one he was expecting.

"... That is not what I am asking you to do," William said.

However, before William could even continue his words, Charmaine cut him off and immediately told him about her plans.

"Don't worry, Master," Charmaine replied with words filled with assurance. "I will be discreet and apply Aphrodisiac to her food, and drinks before tying her up with a red ribbon, and tossing her in the Master's room to be enjoyed at a later time."

Arwen who was listening to the side reached out to hold Charmaine's arm as she looked at her with a serious expression on her face.

"Young lady, my son is not a vicious wolf who will eat any young lady he sees," Arwen said with a look of disapproval. "But, seeing how pretty your sister is, I will make an exception. Make sure to strip your sister butt-naked before tossing her into my son's bed. Men are weak to beautiful, naked, ladies. I know because my husband is the same. He was unable to take his eyes off me when he peeked at me while I was taking a bath."

Charmaine held Arwen's hand firmly as she looked at the Saintess with respect and admiration.

"Mother-in-law, allow me to introduce myself again to you. My name is Charmaine, and I am now Lord Williams's concubine," Charmaine said with a blush. "I will do my best to give birth to your grandchildren. How many do you want to have?"

Arwen lightly squeezed Charmaine's hand as she looked at the pretty Elf with a fervent gaze. "Girl, you are good. I expect you to give me two to three healthy grandkids after a few years. Don't let me down, okay?"

"Y-Yes! I will do my best, Mother-in-law!"

"Mmm. Now, go get your sister. The more the merrier."

"As you wish, My Lady!"

William pretended that he didn't hear the two ladies' conversation as he walked towards the seat of honor which was on a raised platform, overlooking the other officials of the Silvermoon Continent.

Truth be told, the seat of honor was where his mother would sit during conferences. Within the Sacred Grove, her authority was higher than the Elven King's, as well as the Head of the Council's. This proved how important the Saintess was to the Elves, and through her, they would be able to communicate with the World Tree that granted its blessings to their entire race.

The moment William appeared in the clearing, all the Elves that were seated stood up. They watched as he walked with steady steps towards Arwen's chair that held the seat of authority within the Sacred Grove.

Even after the black-haired teenager sat on the chair, all of them remained standing. William was radiating an authority that was no less than the Elven King, which made the high-ranking officials feel anxious.

"Everyone, please sit," William ordered after looking at the Elves who were looking at him with grim faces. "Relax, I don't bite. I just kill people when I'm annoyed."

William smiled as he crossed his right leg over his left leg, and rested the side of his face on his closed fist.

The Elves sat one by one as they stared at the Prince of Darkness who was said to be the one to cover the entire world in Darkness.

"So, why are all of you here?" William asked in a teasing tone. "Surely, all of you didn't come here to just look at my handsome face, right?"

Aenarion smiled because his grandson's dominating presence reminded him of the Dungeon Conqueror who had asked for his daughter's hand in marriage almost two decades ago.

Rydel, the King of the Elves, stood up and stared at William with a calm gaze.

"On behalf of my people, I have come to ask what His Excellency wished to do in the Silvermoon Continent," Rydel said. "If it is something that we can do then we are willing to offer you our assistance."

William smirked as he gazed at the Elven King who was looking at him with a calm expression on his face.

"The Heir of Darkness and I cannot co-exist under the same sky," William replied. "What I want from all of you is to fight him with all of your hearts, can you do that?"

Rydel nodded his head. "Actually, before His Excellency even came to our lands, we were already planning to do just that. We even sent over a thousand Elite Elven Warriors to the Amberfang Fortress to resist the Demon's Invasion."

"I know," William replied. "But your response is pretty lukewarm. Only over a thousand elite warriors? The other Kingdoms and Empires have sent hundreds of thousands of soldiers to support the Amberfang Fortress, as well as the Alliance's main army in the Central Continent.

"Well, not that it really mattered since Felix had used a backdoor to appear in the Southwestern regions of the Central Continent anyway. The alliance is now moving their forces to stop his advance, even as we speak."

Rydel wasn't able to refute William's words because what he said was correct. In order to show that the Silvermoon Continent was on the same page as the Alliance, he had sent around two thousand troops to help defend the Amberfang Fortress from the Demon Invasion.

Most of the Elven Elites were still in the Silvermoon Continent and manning their borders. Their goal was to fight against the Heir and the Prince of Darkness and prevent them from advancing deep into the Elven Lands.

However, for some reason, William was able to sneak past their defenses without their notice, which led to the current situation, making the King, as well as the Elven Council, feel helpless.

"We will put more effort in assisting His Excellency to win against the Heir of Darkness," Rydel said as he slightly bowed his head. "This time, we will give it our best and not hold back."

William chuckled after hearing Rydel's response. He knew that the King only meant half of what he said. The black-haired teenager knew what the King and the Elven Council were thinking.

They would watch as he and Felix fought against each other until their forces had diminished, giving them the opportunity to go for the kill. Unfortunately for them, William wasn't stupid, and had already formed a plan in order to make all of the Elves submit to his will.

"As it should be," William said in a teasing tone. "All of you will do your best and fight for me, right?"

"Of course, Your Excellency! As long as we all fight side by side, that Heir of Darkness is not a match against us!"

"He is just a pig waiting to be slaughtered."

"Agreed! This war is as good as won!"

One by one, all the Elven Elders showed their support to William's cause, which made the Half-Elf chuckle internally.

"I am very happy to see that all of you are very enthusiastic," William commented. "By the way, all of you look good in black."

Rydel and the rest of the Elves frowned because they didn't understand what the Half-Elf was saying.

A moment later, a loud scream broke everyone out of their daze. All the Elves looked in the direction of one of the Elf women who was part of the Elven Council.

"No! Don't look at me!" The woman cried out in fear as she tried to cover her face with her hands.

Rydel, Aenarion, as well as the rest of the Elven Council shuddered when they saw that the Elf woman's skin color had turned completely black. But, it was not just her. It took a few more seconds for everyone to realize that every one of their skin's color had turned completely black, and their hair had changed to a silver color.

"D-Drows!" Rydel gasped as he looked at his hands, which were now as black as coal. "Y-Your Excellency, what is the meaning of this?!"

William, who was watching the scene in front of him with a devilish smile on his face, only chuckled after hearing Rydel's question.

"Don't worry. Those who seriously fight for my cause will have their skin color reverted to what it once was," William said casually.

The Half-Elf knew that Elves prided themselves for their bloodline and the superiority of their race. They hated the Drows because they thought of them as their complete opposite. Cruel, sadistic, and treacherous, these were the qualities that the Elves hated the most.

For them to become the very existence that they hated, had given a great blow to their pride, which made them feel fearful.

It was at that moment when William's voice spread across the entire Silvermoon Continent as he made an announcement.

"Those who will fight for me will return to their original appearances, and those who don't will remain Drows for eternity," William declared. "Don't worry. I am not that evil and spared the young from this fate. However, that can still change depending on my mood. So, if you don't want your children, the next generation of Silvermoon Elves, to become drows, you better fight with everything you have."

William had left a brand of Darkness on the World Tree so that he could communicate directly to Maxwell. His Father had told him that his preparation was complete and was only waiting for the black-haired teenager to give him the signal to start.

After the Half-Elf gave the go ahead, the transformation of all the Elves in the Silvermoon Continent had begun. Of course, there were a few exceptions.

Acedia, Arwen, Aenarion, Princess Eowyn, Pearl, the children, as well as William's family in the Silvermoon Continent were unaffected by the change. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

They had retained their essences as Elves, while the rest of the population slowly transformed into Drows.

Screams of panic, and fear reverberated in many places across the Silvermoon Continent as the Elves looked at the changes that were happening to their bodies.

"You only have one chance at Salvation."

William's words spread across the entire land as if he was offering them an olive branch to turn the entire situation around.

"Fight for me, and I will give you salvation. Defy me, and I will make you regret it for eternity. I have given all of you a choice. If you don't like it then all of you can just stay Drows forever."

The black-haired teenager then raised his hand, compelling all the newly transformed Drows in the Sacred Grove to stand.

He then placed his hand down, and everyone knelt in front of him without even uttering a word of complaint.

Rydel and the Elders of the Council knew that William was dead serious. With such an overbearing method to compel them to fight for this side, they didn't have any leeway to take the matter lightly.

Either way, all of them were doomed to follow his orders, or suffer damnation for eternity. In the end, they had no other choice but to swear their allegiance to him.

All the Elves knew that once William gave the order to march to war, there would be no turning back for any of them.

Surprisingly, Arwen's expression remained calm even after he saw the transformation of the Elves around her.

She had recognized the three Drows that escorted William to the Sacred Grove, and knew that they were once part of the Elven Council. The Saintess already understood that her son didn't come to the Silvermoon Continent just to see her.

Arwen knew that no Elf could escape the curse that William had unleashed upon them until this war between him and the Heir of Darkness was over.

"And so it begins," Arwen muttered as she sighed in her heart. "In the end, people will not be judged by the Darkness they lived in, but by the Light they rejected."