Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1158 Sister, We Meet Again

The entire Silvermoon Continent was in upheaval as everyone, with the exception of those who were below the age of eighteen, all turned into Drows.

William didn't even spare the members of the Royal family, with the exception of Princess Eowyn and her protector, Pearl.

Only those that were important to him like his family on his mother's side, Acedia, his Valkyries, and the Elves who were stationed in the Amberfang Fortress were spared of the curse that William had placed on the Elven Race.

As William sat in the seat of honor, a smirk appeared on his face as he gazed at the panicked expressions of the High-Ranking Elves in front of him.

He knew that this was something that they would want to reverse at all costs, so they had no choice but to submit to him, or risk eternal damnation.

"Your Majesty, make sure to send your messengers to every corner of the Silvermoon Continent to pass on my message," William ordered. "I will give all of you exactly one month to make preparations for war. Those who choose not to participate in this fight can forget about reverting back to their true forms. They will stay as Drows forever."

"E-Everyone?" Rydel asked in surprise. "Even the non-combatants?"

"Yes," William replied with a smile. "Even the non-combatants have their uses. For example, they can help carry the army's supplies or help the wounded. They can also be in charge of kitchen duties, as well as other miscellaneous chores that the army needs done.

"In short, I want all able bodied men and women to prepare for war. There will be no exceptions. Of course, they can remain here if they want. I will not force them, but you already know what that means, right?"

William's cold and domineering voice reverberated in the surroundings making some of the Elven Patriarchs shudder.

"T-Then, what about the children?" Rydel asked. "Who will care for them while everyone is away?"

William sneered. "What about them? When the Southern Continent was invaded, and all the adults were turned into crystal statues, what do you think happened to the children they left behind? Actually, you guys are lucky. When the war started in my homeland, it happened suddenly without any warnings.

"No one was able to prepare for the calamity that followed. Many children died of starvation, in addition to being subjected to the merciless killing of the Elven Race. Don't you think I am being very merciful enough, Your Majesty? I even gave you a month to ensure that your 'children' will be able to survive even while their parents are away."

The Half-Elf then shifted his attention to Princess Eowyn whose face had turned pale the moment William made eye contact with her.

"How about you delegate Princess Eowyn to be the person in charge to take care of the Elf children," William smiled mischievously. "I'm sure that she gained plenty of experience while in the Southern Continent. She will be able to do it just fine."

In truth, this was also part of William's plan. Even without the King's orders, he would assign Princess Eowyn as the leader of the young generation and have her take care of the Elves that were left behind.

He couldn't be too cruel with the treatment of the young Elves because his mother, and Acedia, were still Elves. For their sake, he was willing to compromise, and not damn the entire race to oblivion.

The King as well as the Elders stared hatefully at William, but none of them dared to berate him out loud. Seeing their reactions, the Half-Elf couldn't help but chuckle because these were the just desserts that they deserved for turning a blind eye on what happened in the Southern Continent.

Arwen kept silent the entire time. Although she didn't like what William did to her race, this was not the right time and place to confront him about it. She would definitely talk to him, and complain in private. Something she would never do in front of the other Elves, in case they thought that they could use her to oppose the black-haired teenager who was hell bent on getting his revenge.

"I am a busy person, so if you will excuse me, I will take my leave," William said as he stood up from his chair. "Also, feel free to collude with Felix and overthrow me. The moment you do, I will burn the World Tree to the ground, and make all of you understand what it means to taste true despair."

The black-haired teenager walked away without giving the King, or his entourage, a backward glance. Arwen followed behind him, while Charmaine stayed behind.

She still planned to talk to Pearl because her Master had told her that Pearl "might" be joining them soon. Since that was the case, she would make sure that her sister had a smooth transition in her allegiance.

Just like her Master said, Pearl was still her sister. What William didn't know was that Charmaine and Pearl no longer had parents, and had to rely on each other to survive. However, after meeting William, Charmaine no longer felt like she lacked anything in her life.

She had food, shelter, friends, as well as a Master who treated her kindly. If possible, she wanted her sister to understand this. But, knowing Pearl, it would still take some time for her to accept that William was the ideal person to serve under the heavens.

"Sister, we meet again," Charmaine said as she walked towards her sister who was beside Princess Eowyn.

William's personal maid didn't even bow to the Elven King, and completely ignored his existence. In her mind, even Rydel had no choice but to bow to her Master. Since that was the case, she didn't find any reason to go out of her way to show respect to the Elven King, whose current status was lower than hers.

"Charmaine." Pearl looked at her sister with a complicated gaze. "What do you want?"

"I just want to talk in private. Do you have time?"

"Is it important?"

Charmaine crossed her hands over her chest as she looked at her older sister with amusement.

"Is talking to your sister not important?" Charmaine asked back with a smile. "Or, do you not think of me as a sister anymore?"

"Of course I still think of you as a sister, even though you've been brainwashed by that bastard!"

"Oh, that's true. I have indeed been brainwashed by him."

Charmaine nodded in acknowledgement which made Pearl look at her in shock.

"Y-You know that you've been brainwashed?" Pearl asked with a serious expression on her face.

"Yes," Charmaine answered. "I've recovered all of my memories."

Perhaps out of guilt, William had told Charmaine, along with the other Elves that they had been brainwashed several months ago.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

The Half-Elf even showed them the memories that had been sealed away by the Arcane Spectral Lich in order to make them submit to the Half-Elf whom they hated.

When Charmaine and the other Elves regained their true memories, in addition to their feelings, they felt angry. Although they held a grudge against William, it wasn't as intense as the hate they felt towards the Arcane Spectral Lich that had taken their precious memories away from them.

In the end, William had given them the option to return to their homelands. Since all of them were still chaste maidens, they could start anew and live their lives without being looked down upon by their race as William's used goods.

Surprisingly, all of them decided to stay with William in the Thousand Beast Domain. They still remembered how William cared for them and treated them with respect. Aside from drinking their blood, the Half-Elf hadn't done anything else.

Also, they had already gotten used to their current lifestyle. After serving William for a few years, they finally understood the kind of person that had been able to defeated them back in the Southern Continent.

"Here is a communication crystal," Charmaine said as she handed Pearl a red gem that William had given her. "You can talk to me directly using this artifact. Just remember that I may or may not reply if I am busy doing my duties. Also, it was nice to see you again, Big Sister."

Charmaine smiled before turning around to follow her Master. She knew that Pearl would contact her sooner or later.

'Sister, I am doing this for your sake,' Charmaine said as a portal opened in front of her. 'I just hope that you think twice before it is too late.'