Chapter 1159 You Want Me To Get That Lazy Bum Pregnant?

"Don't you think you went too far?" Arwen asked as she sat in front of William.

"No," William replied. "I can always do something worse."

Arwen sighed as she sipped the tea that Charmaine had prepared for her. They were currently inside Arwen's personal villa within the Sacred Grove. This was where she stayed whenever she wasn't doing her duties as the Saintess of the World Tree.

"Did you already have this idea in mind when you talked to your father earlier?"

"No. Actually, this was father's idea. I even tried to convince him that this wasn't the best course of action, but he insisted on doing it. It's not my fault."

"That damn bastard!" Arwen angrily slapped the armrest of her chair. "I'm going to give him a good nagging later!"

"Yes. Please, give him a good nagging. He actually dared to think of such a diabolical scheme? I couldn't even think of something this vile. Mother, it's all father's fault."

"Don't worry, Will. I will seek justice for your sake!"

William nodded as if to agree with his mother's words. If not for the fact that Maxwell was currently in a deep sleep after lending his aid to his son, the Ex-Dungeon Conqueror would have definitely used one of the roots of the World Tree to slap his son for being a big, fat, liar.

The Half-Elf chuckled in his heart as he imagined how his father would receive a tongue lashing from his mother without even getting the opportunity to explain his side of the story.

"Mother, Princess Eowyn will not be able to handle the task of taking care of the children on her own," William said. "As the Saintess, you should also lend your hand in calming them."

"... Is this your payback for me not having wiped your bum when you were young?" Arwen inquired as she looked at William with a face filled with injustice. "You're leaving me to clean up this mess for you?"

"Yes," William answered with a smile. "Please, do your best, Mother. I plan to leave a lot of messes." Freeᴡebnᴏvel.cᴏm.

Arwen snorted. "The only mess that I will accept you leaving are my grandchildren. Acedia is always sleeping. She's so lazy that even making her talk is a herculean task. However, I'm sure that even in her laziness, she would be an ideal candidate to conceive your child, no? Her body is also being nourished by the world tree, and is always fertile. You just need to do it once, and I'll take care of the rest."

William sipped his tea before placing it on top of the table. "You want me to get that lazy bum pregnant?"

"Yes. Even if she's asleep, my grandchild would still grow in her belly. She didn't even need to eat because the Spring of Life provides her body with the nutrients she needs. Between the two of us, I'm sure that the child that would grow in her belly would have a very powerful life force. Perhaps, he or she will even become a prominent figure like a Priest or an Oracle when they grow up."

"I'll think about it."

For some reason, Arwen's words sounded quite convincing. Since all Acedia did was sleep all day long, letting her give birth to his child might be a good idea.

'Well, I'll just ask her later,' William thought as he finished drinking his tea. 'If she doesn't reject the idea then I guess we can have Mother perform our wedding."

Arwen was the Saintess of the World Tree, and had enough authority to conduct weddings. However, she didn't do it for everyone, and only those whom she deemed worthy of her blessings would be given the opportunity to have her as the Master of Ceremony.

"Let's put aside the talk about my grandchildren for the time being," Arwen said as she changed the topic of their discussion. "Tell me about your plans here in the Silvermoon Continent."Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

William nodded as he placed his cup on top of the table.

"Mother, do you know about me being the Dungeon Conqueror?" William inquired.

Arwen didn't answer right away, as if she was organizing her thoughts before giving William an answer.

"I had a hunch that Maxwell would pass the profession to you one way or the other," Arwen said after a few minutes had passed. "However, I didn't have the evidence to back it up. The power of the Dungeon Conqueror was something that many coveted. It is a power that could potentially overthrow any ruling faction, not only in the Silvermoon Continent, but in the entire world."

The Saintess then looked at her son with a complicated gaze because she now understood how the black-haired teenager was able to have Pseudo-Gods serving by his side. Her husband, Maxwell, had once told her that his greatest wish was to capture the Dungeons that were found inside the Forbidden Grounds.

No Dungeon Conquerors had been able to conquer these Forbidden Domains, even though they already had armies of monsters that were more than enough to conquer any Empire they wanted.

It was every Conqueror's dream to conquer the unconquerable.

Maxwell, as well as the former Dungeon Conquerors, had set the Forbidden Grounds as their final conquest during their lifetime.

"Will, are you planning to go to Hyperborea?" Arwen asked. Her gaze never left her son's face, as if looking for any traces of hesitation in his eyes.

William nodded. "Yes."

He had no intention of lying to his mother because he needed her help to take care of the matters in the Silvermoon Continent while he was busy conquering the Forbidden Domain of Hyperborea.

"When are you going to leave?"

"Two days from now."

Arwen nodded as she stood up to give William a hug. "Be careful."

"I will, Mother," William replied. "Also, while I am away, please look after the bodies of my wives. I left them in Acedia's care in the Spring of life."

Arwen immediately pulled back as she looked at William in surprise.

"Why didn't you tell me earlier?!" Arwen immediately walked towards the door as if she was in a hurry. "I have to see my daughter-in-laws at all costs. Acedia may be lazy, but this is the first time that she's had company. Who knows what she might have done to those poor girls. I hope she didn't tie them up to one of the roots of the World Tree."

William stared at his hurrying mother with a frown.

"Acedia wouldn't do something as childish as that, right?" William muttered as he lifted the cup of tea on the table, but paused midway. "On second thought, she might just do that."

William stood up as he also left the villa in order to check on the bodies of his wives. Although she trusted Acedia, the sleepy Elf had a bad habit of playing pranks whenever she had the chance, when they were still together in the lands of Alfheim.

Charmaine watched her Master go with a smile.

Although William had a calm expression on his face, she had seen the faint trace of worry in his eyes, which made the pretty Elf feel warmth inside her heart.

'Master, your heart is still alive,' Charmaine mused as the door closed in front of her.

William might act cold and aloof in front of others, but behind closed doors, he would do his best to make them happy, despite the coldness that permeated from his entire body.

During those times, Charmaine felt how deeply he cared about the woman that loved him, and found herself blessed that she was now one of those women whom William cherished with his darkness-stained heart.