Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1160 I'll Come Back As Soon As l Conquer Hyperborea

When William and Arwen arrived at the Springs of Life they saw the Lazy Bum hugging a pink-haired girl in her arms, using her as a hug pillow.

Arwen pressed her hand over her forehead while muttering "I knew it", while the Half-Elf looked at this scene with a calm expression on her face.

Seeing the peaceful sleeping Acedia, with his wife, Chiffon in her arms, reminded him of the time when his wives were still alive.

Princess Sidonie and Ashe, would usually do the same because Chiffon's body was so soft, and small, which makes her the ideal hug pillow. The pink-haired girl didn't mind being treated this way because she liked to be hugged and cuddled. It was as if she longed for this kind of skinship with girls her age, and treated William's wives, and lovers, as her sisters.

William was also guilty of doing the same on several occasions. Chiffon was simply too adorable, and too hard to resist, so every night she would always be hugged by either him or one of his wives.

"Acedia, let go of my daughter-in-law," Arwen pleaded as she walked into the waist-deep water to approach the girl that was sleeping underwater. "Don't you know that I am also doing my best to make you my daughter-in-law? William might not like you if you treat his wives as your hug pillow."

"Um, I don't particularly mind," William commented.

"But I do!" Arwen looked at the adorable pink-haired girl and felt her heart breaking due to the fact that she had died saving William. "Oh… I wish I had met you sooner. I would have loved to hold you in my arms."

William smirked when he saw that even his own mother wasn't able to resist Chiffon's cuteness. He watched as the Saintess tried to gently peel Acedia's hold off her daughter-in-law, but the latter refused to budge.

In the end, the Half-Elf had no choice to assure his mother that this was a normal thing in his household, so she shouldn't worry about Acedia's treatment of his wife.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"I'm sure that if Chiffon was alive, she wouldn't mind being held by Acedia as well," William said. "It's fine, Mother. Let her hold her for a bit. I'm sure that she's just feeling lonely."

"Are you sure about this?"

"Mmm."

After seeing that her son was really fine with how Acedia was treating his wife, Arwen no longer made a fuss and walked towards her other daughter-in-laws to take a closer look at them.

"I have to give it to you, Will, you have great taste in women," Arwen nodded her head in satisfaction as she looked at the two beautiful ladies who were submerged at the bottom of the spring.

The Saintess then glanced at the Lazy Bum who was still hugging Chiffon before shifting her gaze to her son, who was calmly looking at Acedia.

"Will, Acedia is asleep most of the time so she won't notice if you make babies with her," Arwen said with a smile. "Well then, I'll leave the two of you alone for now, so make sure to let me see my grandchildren a year from now, okay?"

The Saintess then winked at her son before leaving the Spring of Life with a light chuckle. She didn't notice that the face of the blonde beauty, who was submerged under water, had turned red after Arwen declared that William should make babies with her.

Clearly, Arwen did that on purpose to tell Acedia that she got her seal of approval.

William could only shake his head as he watched his mother leave the Spring in a good mood. A few minutes later when he was sure that Arwen was no longer around, he walked towards Acedia.

A while later, William crouched down and submerged himself in the water. Breathing under water was not a problem with him, and he didn't mind getting his clothes wet.

The black-haired teenager was a firm believer that handsome men were not afraid to get wet.

"You heard her," William said as he laid beside Acedia and hugged her from behind. "Mother has been telling me since a while ago that since you are a good-for-nothing that only knows how to sleep, should I just embrace you so that you can raise my child in your tummy, while I am away. What do you think?"

Acedia's long hair moved and wrapped itself around William's body before throwing him out of the Spring of Life.

The Half-Elf gracefully landed on the ground and smiled at the blonde beauty's reaction to baby making.

"I will leave in two days," William stated as he placed both of his hands behind his back. "I don't know when I'll be back, but it should be in around a week or so. I'll come back as soon as I conquer Hyperborea. Until then, keep yourself, and everyone safe."

William then turned around to leave, but before he could even take three steps, a band of long, blonde hair wrapped itself around his waist and gently pulled.

The Half-Elf didn't resist and allowed Acedia to pull him back to the water. When the Half-Elf was submerged on the water, Acedia opened his eyes slightly as she turned her head to look at William.

The black-haired teenager lowered his head and kissed Acedia's lips because he was sure that this was why she had pulled him back into the water.

The two kissed, and kissed some more.

Finally after ten minutes, the hair that wrapped itself around William's body brought him back to the shore.

The Half-Elf glanced at the blushing beauty under the water before waving his hand to bid her goodbye. He knew that Acedia would protect his wives' bodies, so he could leave the Spring of Life without any worries.

"Well then, I guess I should have a long talk with the Guardians of the Silvermoon Continent before I leave this place," William muttered as he walked towards the surface.

The Guardians might have been intimidated by him, so they decided not to fight him. However, they were still tied to the Silvermoon Continent, so they wouldn't turn a blindeye to what Wiliam had done to the Elves.

The black-haired teenager knew that he needed to sort things out with them, so that they could be added to his legion. Having a few Demigods, and two Pseudo-Gods added to his roster would certainly create a deterrence that would make Felix, as well as the armies of the Central Continent, think twice before dealing with him.