Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1161 Ephemera's Suspicions

"What?! The Prince of Darkness is in the Silvermoon Continent?!"

"Why do you look so happy, Lira?"

The Virtuous Lady of Temperance immediately removed the smile on her face, and replaced it with a serious one.

"You got it wrong," Lira replied. "I've been dying to get revenge on that bastard, but no one knew where he was. Now that I know his location, I'm going there to give him a piece of my mind!"

"Oi, calm down," the Virtuous Lady of Charity, Cherry, said as she held Lira's hand and looked up at her with upturned eyes. Since she was just a little girl, she treated every one of the Seven Virtues as her Big Sister, and everyone treated her like their Little Sister as well, including Celeste who usually didn't mingle with the other Virtues.Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"You're right, I need to calm down," Lira breathed deeply as she tried to calm her senses. "I need to go to the Silvermoon Continent in order to calm down. Knowing that the bastard is there doesn't put me at ease."

The Virtuous Lady of Faith, Melody, heaved a long and deep sigh as she looked at Lira who was seriously planning to go to the Silvermoon Continent in order to meet the one that had captured her.

"Lira, did you forget? We have a non-aggression pact treaty with him," Melody said. "If you break the rules, we will become his slaves. I don't want to be that filthy man's slave."

Lira glared at Melody which made the latter winced. For some reason, hearing her Sister call William filthy ruffled her feathers.

"C-Calm down okay. How about I go with you so we can beat him up together?" Melody stuttered after being subjected to Lira's hate-filled glare. 'Wow! That's one scary glare. She must really hate that Half-Elf so much for her to stare at me as if she wanted to kill me.'

Ephemera, who was watching this scene from the side, could only shake her head helplessly. She knew that the reason why Lira was glaring at Melody was because the latter had unknowingly touched her reverse scale, which made her look at her with killing intent.

"Okay, everyone calm down." Ephemera decided to break up the tension in the air before Lira did something stupid and blow her cover. "Melody is right. We signed a nonaggression pact with the Dark Prince, so we shouldn't antagonize him, or we might just end up becoming his slaves.

"Lira, if you really wish to go to the Silvermoon Continent, I'm coming with you. But, only if you promise to not make a scene."

Lira nodded. "Okay. I agree with your proposal."

Just as the two were about to head out, they heard a strict voice, which almost made all the ladies jump up in fright.

"And, who said the two of you could go?"

The four Virtuous Lady turned to their heads to look at the Pope of the Holy Order walk in their direction with a solemn expression on her face.

"The Heir of Darkness has already taken control of the Kingdom of Zabia, and is moving to conquer the nearby territories," the Pope stated. "The Alliance has asked that we send our forces to the Southwestern Region of the Continent in order to contain their advance. It would be unwise to have the two of you leave when the Heir of Darkness is still at large."

Lira understood what the Pope was trying to say, but she still wanted to see William. Because of this, she decided to try her luck and ask the Pope a question.

"Then what about the Silvermoon Continent?" Lira asked. "The Kingdom of Zabia is only a small Kingdom. If you compare that to the entirety of the Silvermoon Continent then it is just like a drop in a bucket. Aren't we going to make any moves towards the Prince of Darkness?"

The Pope frowned after hearing Lira's words. However, she still stood her ground and gave her an answer.

"The territory of the Alliance is in the Central Continent," the Pope replied. "None of them have the spare manpower to deal with the Prince of Darkness, who is a continent away. Aside from having a non-agreesion treaty with that… Half-Elf, we also know that he hates the Heir of Darkness more than anyone in the world. For now, the best plan is to let the two of them duke it out with each other. It will not be too late to deal with whoever remains between the two of them."

Lira nodded her head in understanding, but deep inside, she was cursing the Pope for even thinking of trying to take advantage of her Prince. Fortunately, William didn't shoot his seed inside her ears, so her brain was still working properly.

The Virtuous Lady of Temperance knew what she should and should not do in regards to dealing with the matters of the Alliance. Naturally, she was on William's side, and would be more than happy to fight the Heir of Darkness for his sake.

"So, when will we make our move?" Lira asked as she clenched her fist.

She was itching to decimate as many Demons as she could to ensure that William would have the upper hand when he fought against Felix.

The Pope gave the brown-haired beauty a knowing glance before giving her reply. "Soon. So, none of you are allowed to leave the Palace of Light."

The four Virtuous Lady watched the Pope walk away with various emotions swirling inside their heads.

Ephemera, who was the most observant among all of the Virtues, felt a nagging feeling at the back of her mind.

'It can't be possible, right?' Ephemera thought as she looked at the back of the Pope that was moving farther away.

If the Pope really wished to end the war sooner, she would have definitely mobilized all the forces of the Holy Order of Light, including the four Pseudo-Gods that had arrived from the heavens.

Ephemera hoped that she was just overthinking things as she tossed the idea to the back of her mind. For some reason, she felt that the Pope wasn't that serious when it came to blocking Felix's advance in the Central Continent.

It was as if she was planning to let the Heir of Darkness Conquer more lands before they made a move. That way, their Order could easily replace the various Royal Families that Felix killed during his conquest, and put one of their men in to act as their new ruler.

By doing this, the influence of the Holy Order would expand, and they would obtain a bigger territory that would not be possible if the Heir of Darkness hadn't started his invasion on the lands in the Central Continent.