Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1163 lt's Quite Unfortunate That My Bride Escaped

A week after Felix had conquered the capital city of the Zabia Kingdom…

"This is the life," Felix said as he sat on the throne of the King of Zabia.

He had a very relaxed expression on his face, while his hands rested on top of the heads of the two beautiful Princesses who were busy servicing him. They were the previous king's daughters, who had been captured by his subordinates.

The Princes' had all been killed because Felix had no need for them. The Princesses were spared because they were suitable bed warmers, while his forces continued to spread outwards.

The two girls had already been soiled by Felix's darkness, and were already on the path of corruption.

William could have easily done the same to Lira and Ephemera, but he chose not to and allowed both the Virtuous Ladies to return to the Palace of Light in order to fight against Felix's forces that were currently expanding his foothold in the Central Continent.

A moment later, Felix grunted, and the two Princesses were showered with his seed. They look at the green-haired demon in a daze as his essence covered their faces. A moment later, they lowered their heads and started to clean his shaft, in preparation for what was next to come.

However, before Felix could proceed to embrace the two princesses, who had just finished cleaning his member, the doors of the throne room opened.

"Your Excellency, the last resistance of the Zabia Kingdom has fallen. This Kingdom now belongs to you," Felix's right-hand man reported. He kept his head bowed and didn't even spare a glance to the two ladies who were currently licking each other's face to clean the green-haired demon's mark from their faces.

"Very good," Felix replied. "Where are the Bull Demon King and Princess Iron Fan?"

"The two of them headed to the nearby Slovell Kingdom in order to kill the reigning king, as well as the male members of the Royal Family."Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"Perfect. I am in need of new bed warmers."

Felix smirked as one of the Princesses hugged his neck and straddled him, while the other princess took his right hand and used it to play with herself.

Soon, the sound of depravity echoed within the throne room, while Felix's right-hand man remained kneeling with his head bowed. After seeing this scene over the past few days, he had already gotten used to it and no longer paid any mind to his Master's new hobby.

"Where is the High Priestess now? Is she still in the Demon Realm?" Felix asked.

Ahriman had prevented Eve from participating in the bloody conquest of the Zabia Kingdom, and allowed her to remain in the Demon Continent, just a few miles away from the Amberfang Fortress.

The Six-Eared Macaque, as well as the two Demigods, El Sibon and Mapinguari, guarded her. With such a lineup, Joash, the Black Dragon, didn't dare to sneak attack the part of the Demon Army that chose to remain to protect their High Priestess.

"The High Priestess is still in the Demon Realm," the right-hand man reported. "The Main Temple in this city is being cleaned up in preparation for her arrival."

Felix snorted, but he didn't say anything else. Ahriman doted on Eve and allowed her to do as she pleased, on the condition that she didn't leave the Demon Army.

Although he didn't want to admit it, the Heir of Darkness was quite jealous of the treatment that was being given to Eve. Still, he made no move to make things difficult for her because he knew that he would only be antagonizing not just one God, but two Gods who had made the red-haired girl their Priestess.

"Any movement from the Alliance?" Felix asked.

Although he was confident that his current forces could overcome the disparity of numbers because of the Pseudo-Gods, he knew that he might still get pushed back if the full might of the Central Continent were to be pitted against him.

Felix's right-hand man nodded his head. "Their forces are now headed in our direction in an attempt to contain our expansion. However, because of the distance, it will take them at least a month before their main force reaches this kingdom.

A sneer appeared on Felix's face after hearing his subordinate's report. A month was still a very long time, and if his forces continued to expand till that time, then it was possible to annex three more Kingdoms, and possibly an Empire as well.

"Have our spies said anything about the Holy Order?" Felix inquired. "They should have made their move by now."

Felix's subordinate didn't answer right away because he was still organizing his thoughts on how to properly answer his Master.

The Heir of Darkness didn't mind waiting as he used his right hand to squeeze the breast of the Princess that was using his hand to make herself feel good, until her face winced in pain.

Eventually, Felix eased his hold on the tender breast that had now reddened due to his touch.

"Master, we still don't have any leads on where the Palace of Light is located," Felix's right-hand man answered after a few minutes. "There have also been no sightings of any movements from the Templars of Light or their flying ships. We simply can't track their movements because their forces are covered in mystery."

"I see," Felix replied as he used his palm to slap the backside of the Princess riding his lap, and pulled her closer to him. "Tell the spies to be alert and report to me immediately if there are any changes in the Alliance's movements. Also, tell them to pay extra attention to any sightings of the flying ships of the Holy Order. If they see even one of them, make sure to report to me as quickly as possible. Do I make myself clear?"

"Yes, Your Excellency!"

"You may go and pass my orders to everyone."

Felix's right-hand man nodded his head as he left the throne room.

He had been given complete authority when it came to the management of the lands that they had captured, while his superior enjoyed the spoils of war that were presented to him.

Not long after the doors closed, the Princess that was straddling Felix's body shuddered as the green-haired Demon's Darkness shot inside her. A moment later, she fainted, and was immediately dragged away by the second Princess, who was waiting patiently for her turn.

Soon, a lovely sigh escaped her lips, as she felt Felix's member push deep inside her.

"To think that you were just a chaste maiden two days ago, and now you're nothing more than a slut," Felix chuckled as he indulged himself in the pleasures of the flesh.

The princess didn't reply as she moved her hips desperately in order to sate the heat that was burning her from inside out.

Felix smirked as he allowed the beautiful girl to have her way with him, while he fantasized about the new batch of beauties that would soon be soiled in his depraved quest for power.

'It's quite unfortunate that my bride escaped,' Felix mused as he held the Princess' waist and started to move his hips faster, making her cry out loud in pain and pleasure. "If only she was here, I would definitely have plenty of fun with her."

The green-haired Demon regretted not being able to embrace his Prophesied Bride, because Celine was truly a beauty.

'No matter,' Felix thought as he felt the heat from his loins rising up to the surface, while fantasizing about the beautiful Elf, whose body he hadn't been able to taste.

'Her sister is still here, and holds the Virtue of Chastity. I'll make sure to capture her alive, and enjoy stripping her Virtue away from her. Isn't she William's Prophesied Bride? I'd love to see the look on his face after I make Celeste my woman.'

Felix grunted as the woman in his arms shuddered non-stop as his seeds of corruption seeped deep inside her body. A few seconds later, the Princess slumped limply in Felix's arms, as the latter immersed himself in the pleasure that had yet to subside.

More than anything else, Felix wanted to make William suffer, and one of the ways to do that was to corrupt the women that were important to the Half-Elf and mark them as his own.

Felix still had no idea that William had over the Silvermoon Continent. Only Byron, as well as the Pope of the Holy Order, knew that the Dark Prince had already taken hold of the ancestral lands of the Elves.

If the Heir of Darkness only knew that his rival had already captured territories that far surpassed the lands that he had conquered, he would definitely order his army to hasten their pace in order to conquer more lands.

Fortunately, he didn't know so he just focused on succumbing to the pleasures of the flesh, while he waited with great anticipation for the next batch of beautiful ladies that would soon come his way.