Chapter 1168 Have You Heard About The Nine Realms?

William sat facing the silver-haired fairy in front of him in one of the most famous inns in the city of Camelot.

Right now, he needed to gather information, and there was no better individual to ask than the person in front of him right now.

In the past, the beautiful enchantress had played a big role in his life. She was there when he was lonely, she was there when he felt sad. But, she wasn't there when his father exiled him from Camelot and sent him to Tintagel Castle to live out the remainder of his life.

"Do you still hold a grudge about what happened back then?" Morgaine asked. "There was simply nothing I could do about it, Will. I'm sorry, but my hands were tied back then."

(A/N: In order to prevent any confusion between characters in the story, Morgan Le Fay will be called Morgaine for dialogue segments in this arc.)

"It no longer matters," William replied. "The person you cared for died long ago. His corpse is with the Lady of the Lake. The person standing in front of you today is a different person. I would appreciate it if you don't call my name so fondly."

Morgaine shook her head in disappointment before looking at the black-haired teenager, whose golden eyes radiated with power.

"What you say is true," Morgaine replied. "My son has already died in battle, but even if you have taken that form, there is no mistake that you were the one that I gave birth to. Am I right?"

"Our connection was cut the moment your son died. I now have a different mother, in a different space and time."

"You say some very interesting things. Very well, since you don't want me to call you fondly, I will just refer to you as William. Will that be fine?"

The Half-Elf nodded. If he was still the William that hadn't been corrupted by Darkness, he might have still been polite to Morgaine who had raised him as a Godmother, instead of a mother. But now, these things were now in the past, and he no longer wished to dwell on the painful memories that he had forgotten when Wendy had taken his soul to Asgard.

"I have a question," William said. "Are you aware of the Time Loop that is happening in this plane?"𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"What Time Loop are you talking about?" Morgaine frowned.

Looking at her expression, William was sure that she really didn't know about the Infinite Time Loop that was happening in the world.

'I guess she really isn't the real Morgaine,' William thought. 'Everyone in this world are simply avatars that play their role according to the rules of this world. They are unaware that they are stuck in a time loop and just live their lives in the same vicious cycle.'

For some reason, William felt pity for the woman who was once his birth mother, and was considered to be one of the most powerful beings in Midgard.

Seeing the pitiful gaze that the black-haired teenger was giving her, the frown on Morgaine's face deepened, as she tried to figure out what the Half-Elf was trying to say. However, before she could delve deeper in his earlier words, William asked her another question that made her put aside the matter of the Time Loop for the time being.

"Has there been anything out of place lately?" William inquired. "Something that you've never noticed in this realm before?"

Morgaine nodded. "There is."

"What is it?"

"You."

This time, it was William's turn to frown. It then made him realize that he had phrased the question wrongly, so he decided to give it another try.

"Aside from me and the three Daemons that appeared recently, is there anything else that is different?" William inquired. "Any kind of abnormalities that looked wrong to you?"

Morgaine tapped the top of the table with her fingertip as she gazed at William with great curiosity. She no longer gazed at him with tenderness and affection, but as a sorceress who was looking at some rare artifact or ingredient that she had come across accidentally.

"There are several places where I sensed a different kind of power," Morgaine replied. "I went to one of them a day ago and discovered something interesting."

The silver-haired enchantress stared at William's face as if waiting for any changes to appear in his expression.

"I found the entrances to different worlds," Morgaine stated after seeing Wiliam's indifference, hoping that it would trigger some kind of reaction in him. "Have you heard about the Nine Realms?"

William nodded. "I know it."

"Well, those pathways lead to those very same realms," Morgaine explained. "I had visited Alfheim in the past, as well as Vanaheim… but looking at you, it seems that you have already been there as well, haven't you?"

"Yes."

"How interesting."

Morgaine's expression suddenly became serious as she looked at the direction of the castle of Camelot.

William also turned in the direction of the castle at the same time she did.

Both of them were powerful individuals, and could easily sense any magical fluctuations in their surroundings. Currently, inside the castle, a great magical formation was starting to go out of control. If it wasn't stopped or controlled soon, it could lead to the complete and utter destruction of the castle of Camelot.

"What is the old fool, Merlin, doing at this time?" Morgaine frowned as she stood up in haste. "Let's talk later, William. I better check things out before this place is turned to ashes."

A moment later, the enchantress turned into an owl and flew straight towards the castle in the distance.

After a brief internal struggle, William decided to follow her as well. Right now, he was looking for clues that would allow him to stop the recurring Time Loop, and any abnormality could be a clue that would give him the answers he was looking for.

Just as both the owl and the Half-Elf were about to reach the castle, the two were blown away by a powerful shockwave that erupted from the sky above the castle.

At the very last minute, Merlin had sent the out of control formation towards the heavens in order to spare the people, and the city, from complete and utter destruction.