Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1169 You Just Did lt To Scratch An ltch?

After the incident with Merlin, Morgaine invited William to come with her to the villa that was located in the eastern side of the city.

Since the Half-Elf had nothing better to do he decided to accept her invitation.

'Right now my priority should be to gather information,' William thought as he flew behind the owl that was slowly descending towards the ground. 'Might as well see what this enchantress is planning.'

Morgaine returned to her original form after she landed near the gate of a residence.

The black-haired teenager looked at the villa with a curious gaze. He was confident that he hadn't been to this place before. But, since he didn't feel any evil intentions from the beautiful sorceress who had once been his mother, he decided to trust her once and accept her invitation.

As soon as they entered the gates, the sound of a determined shout reached both of their ears.

In the distance, a young boy with blonde hair was swinging a wooden sword, while an old knight stood beside him. It was fairly easy to tell that the knight was teaching the young boy on how to properly use his sword.

Morgaine smiled and grabbed William's hand before leading him towards the young boy, who was still focused on his practice swings.

The knight had already noticed Morgaine and gave her a brief nod before taking a few steps back.

The black-haired teenager watched as the young boy practiced with a determined look on his young face. The boy's face was already flushed, and sweat trickled down on his forehead as swung, and shouted at the same time.

"Isn't he good?" Morgaine asked in a volume that only William could hear. "He will definitely be a great knight someday."

"Perhaps," William replied in a casual manner. "Or maybe he will die before he becomes one."

Morgaine pouted as he lightly pushed William to show her displeasure, but the Half-Elf didn't even budge after being pushed by the enchanting fairy, who could ensnare any man to devote his life to her.

Perhaps hearing William's words, the boy turned his head to the side. His flushed expression immediately beamed up when he saw Morgaine and hurriedly ran in her direction.

"Mother!" the young boy shouted as he spread his arms wide.

Morgaine smiled as she picked up the young boy and held him firmly in his embrace.

It was at that moment when he saw that the boy had gray eyes, similar to the color of his eyes when he was still in Midgard. Although the hair color of the boy was blonde, and his was silver, he had no doubt that the young boy in Morgaine's arms was his never-before-seen little brother.

"How old is he?" William asked.

Morgaine smiled. "Nine."

The boy looked at his mother before shifting his attention to the black-haired teenager that he had seen for the first time.

"Mother, who is he?" the boy asked.

"Him? He is none other than your Big Bro–," Morgaine stopped herself in time before correcting herself. "His name is Wiilliam. If you like, you can call him Big Brother. William, this is Modred. My son."

(A/N: In order to not create any problems in the names, I decided to just call Modred instead of Mordred).

"Big Brother," Modred called out to William with a smile.

However, the Half-Elf ignored the boy and stared at Morgaine, as if demanding an explanation.

The smile on Morgaine's face stiffened when she saw William's penetrating gaze.

"You go back to training, little one," Morgaine said as she kissed Modred's cheeks. "William and I have a few things to talk about."

"Un!" Modred kissed his mother back before running towards his mentor to continue his sword training.

Morgaine looked at her son with affectionate eyes before making a gesture for William to follow her.

The two walked silently in the hallways of the Villa until they reached the second floor.

"Modred is also his son," Morgaine said softly as if to change the current atmosphere between her and William. "Since the Queen was still unable to give him an heir, I seduced him a second time, and Modred was born. However, unlike you, The King decided to recognize him as his adopted son. That was done to let the Queen keep her dignity."

"Some kind of dignity," William snorted. "Just be honest, you just want to rub salt in the Queen's face that she can't give birth to a child."

"How rude. That was never my intention."

"So, what was your intention? You just did it to scratch an itch?"

Morgaine sighed because William didn't hold back his words as he made his opinion known.

"Even if you don't admit it, you still carry a grudge," Morgaine stated. "Is it because I lied and didn't tell you that I was your mother? Or was it because your father kept you at arm's length? That is also why you clashed with him at the gates, no?"

William shook his head. "The past me didn't carry a grudge against you or him. The me back then was stupid and believed in Happy Endings. He thought that if he worked hard enough and gained enough merits, the man sitting on the throne would praise him and recognize him as his son.

"Thinking back on it now, I felt disgusted with myself on how stupid I was. No. My past self didn't carry a grudge against you, or my father. The one who carries a grudge is the current me."

Morgaine didn't say anything and simply raised her hands to cup William's handsome face.

"You are deeply hurt," Morgaine said. "I know that it may be too late to say anything, but I am sorry. I should have told you who I really am. I should have cared for you more. I am sorry for hurting you."

William closed his eyes. Two minutes later, he gently pried the soft and delicate hands that were touching his face away.

"Fine, I will accept your apology," William replied. "But, our relationship ends here. You will no longer think of me as your son, and I will no longer think of you as my mother. Like I said earlier, the William you knew is already dead."𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Morgained sighed before nodding her head in understanding. "Understood. Now, let's talk about your reason for coming here. Are you planning to get revenge on your father for banishing you from Camelot?"

William shrugged. "That will depend on my mood."

Morgaine frowned as she and William arrived at the balcony of her residence.

"Earlier, you said something about a Time Loop," Morgaine said. "Can you elaborate?"

The corner of William's lips curled up into a smile. He was half tempted to tell the beautiful enchantress that this world that she was living in was not real, but only a fragment of a world that belonged to a distant past.

"Why not," William said in a teasing manner as he sat without any invitation on the chair that was overlooking the garden of the villa. "I will also need your opinion on this topic, so you might as well sit down."

William's teasing words made Morgaine feel that the black-haired teenager was making fun of her. Even so, her curiosity had won her over, so she decided to listen to what he had to say. She was a powerful sorceress and anything related to magical phenomena was a topic that she couldn't resist.

The Half-Elf watched with amusement as the fairy enchantress sat across from him to listen to what he had to say. In his heart, he wondered how the real Morgaine would react once she discovered that she, as well as the people in her world, only existed to become part of William's trial to reach the Forbidden Domain of Hyperborea.