Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1170 Settling Old Scores

"Let me get this straight, your friends are trapped in some kind of Domain and they need to find the key that will prevent the world from returning to a specific point in time," Morgaine stated. "Hence the time loop

William nodded. "Right."

"Then what are you doing here?"

"Because the key to fix that time loop is on this plane of existence."Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

The frown on Morgaine's brows deepened as he listened to William's answer. After a few minutes of silence, the Fairy Enchantress shook her head and leaned back in her chair.

"I find your story hard to believe," Morgaine stated. "How can the key be here in Midgard? Maybe you should go to Asgard or Vanaheim. The Gods may hold the answer to your problem."

"Ah. I plan to do that at a later time," William replied. "For now, I've decided to stay here in Midgard and investigate. Can I use your home as my base for the time being?"

"I don't mind. But, on one condition."

"Mmm?"

Morgaine smiled mischievously. "I want you to play with Modred once a day."

"No thanks."

"Then the deal is off."

William smirked before standing up. He just said that he planned to stay in Morgaine's residence on a whim, but that didn't mean that he didn't have other options.

Seeing that the black-haired teenager was planning to leave, Morgaine hurriedly stopped him by holding onto his arm.

"Please, just play with him for three days," Morgaine replied. "After three days, the Knight Tournament will be held in the castle, and Modred will be taken to the castle to be raised by Queen Guinevere."

"Oh? She doesn't mind raising a child that wasn't raised in her womb?" William arched an eyebrow. "The Queen sure is benevolent."

Morgaine shook his head. "This is just a compromise between both parties. Since she is childless, the King thought that it would be a good idea if Modred were to be raised by her since I am not always in Camelot. You already know that I can't stay in the Human Realm for long periods of time."

"I didn't know," William replied. "You never told me that."

"Yes. It's my fault. I am sorry for being a no-good-mother."

"At least you know your mistakes."

William turned to look at the Fairy Enchantress with a serious expression on his face. "You said that the Knight Tournament will happen three days from now?"

Morgaine nodded. "This tournament is held every three years, and the champion will become one of the knights of the Round Table. It just so happens that this is the third year since the last tournament was held."

The enchanting fairy's face then suddenly had a realization as she looked at William with a devilish smile.

"I can still remember that, back then, you were training hard in order to enter the Knight Tournament to become its champion."

"Right. If I can go back to the past, I would have kicked my old self and told him to stop being stupid and live his life for himself, and not for the man that sits on that stupid throne, who thinks that he is the center of the world."

Morgaine chuckled. "But, he is the center of the world. At least, in this country, his words are law. Everyone's livelihood will rise and fall depending on his whim."

The sorceress' laughter immediately stopped when she saw the smirk that was plastered on William's face.

"W-Wait! Don't tell me that you are planning to join the tournament?" Morgaine asked with a shocked look on her face.

"Why not?" William replied. "Just think of it as allowing my past self to realize his stupid dream. Also, the champion will gain the privilege of challenging one of the knights in a one-on-one duel, right?"

A chill ran down Morgaine's spine as he looked at William's golden eyes that glowed maliciously. Clearly, the Half-Elf planned to gatecrash in the tournament to create trouble for everyone.

Unfortunately for her, there was nothing she could do to stop him.

—-

The next day…

"Big Brother, Mother said that you are good at handling a sword," Modred said as he looked up to the black-haired teeanger who was watching him from a distance. "Can you teach me?"

"No," William replied. "You already have a mentor. You should ask him to teach you."

"But, today is his day off."

"Not my problem."

Modred pouted as he swung his wooden sword a few times to change his mood.

"Say, Big Brother, are you married?" Modred asked.

William arched an eyebrow because he didn't expect that the little brat would ask him this kind of question.

"Yes.," William replied. "Why?"

"It's because you are good looking like my father," Modred stated. "I'm sure that your daughters will be exceptionally beautiful as well. I have a great Idea. How about I marry your daughters when I grow up, Big Brother?"

The memories of Raizel, as well as his adorable daughters, Maple and Cinnamon, flashed in front of William's eyes. The mere thought of the blonde brat in front of him marrying his daughters made him want to give Modred a good spanking.

A moment later, a devilish smile appeared on William's face as he summoned his wooden staff that he hadn't used for a very long time, appeared on his hand.

"I changed my mind," William said. "I am going to teach you how to become a knight."

"Really?" Modred asked as he looked at William with anticipation.

William nodded like a good Big Brother, whose hands were itching to beat up a certain someone who was thinking of marrying his precious and adorable daughters.

"Of course," William answered. "But, a knight only learns about actual combat. If you want to learn, you must fight and learn from experience."

Modred nodded his head in understanding. "Actually, I already told my mentor that I have grown bored of practice swings. I wanted to experience a real battle, but he said that I was still too young for it."

"What a bunch of utter nonsense. True men learn from the battlefield. Those who swing their wooden swords in sheltered villas are considered garbage."

"Big Brother! You understand me!"

William flashed a smile that would put toothpaste models to shame. "Of course. Now, let's start your lesson."

"Un!" Modred took a stance before charging at the Half-Elf whose hands were itching to beat the crap out of the underage-little-playboy who dared to target his daughters.

A minute later, pained cries similar to a pig being slaughtered resounded inside the residence. The Half-Elf repeatedly whacked the blonde-brat's bum until it became swollen.

That night, Morgaine cursed the black-haired teenager as she applied some healing potions to her son's swollen backside. She never thought that William would stoop so low as to bully a child.

The Half-Elf's defense for himself was that he was just teaching Modred the reality of battles, so that he wouldn't be stupid enough to challenge someone that was leagues above his current strength.

Naturally, Morgaine didn't buy William's bullsh*t and kicked him out of the villa. The Half-Elf only chuckled as he walked away from the residence. He never thought that he would interact with his past life's "little brother" in such a way.

'Well then, I guess I'll kill some time while waiting for the Knight Tournament to start,' William thought with a smile.

His past self had once wanted to be the last man standing in the tournament and earn the recognition of his father. Now that a perfect opportunity had arisen, William thought that it would not be a bad idea to join the fun.

There was someone that he had wanted to challenge for a very long time, and this was the perfect opportunity to do it.

'Don't worry, past self of mine,' William said as he disappeared in the darkness of the night. 'I will settle our old scores, not only for your sake, but for mine as well.'