Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1171 Wash Your Neck, lt's Payback Time

Two days just outside the city of Camelot…

In a vast open field, thousands of people gathered to watch the Knight Competition that was held every three years.

This had been one of the most anticipated events within Camelot because, among the hundreds of aspiring knights, one of them would become one of the King's personal knights who served directly under him.

The Knights of the Round Table.

That was what they were called, and anyone who bore that title was respected all across the land, not only because of their skill, but because of the symbol they represented.

They were the King's Knights and through them the peace of the realm was ensured.

Since there were too many participants, everyone was divided into eight groups.

Each group had 100 participants, and only one of those 100 would proceed to the semi finals.

Morgaine and Modred watched the qualifiers from one of the best seats among the king's retinue. Although they were quite far away from the King, the place where they sat was within the "VIP" area that was allocated for the high-ranking nobles, as well as officials, of Camelot.

"Mother, there are so many knights!" Modred said with excitement. "I can't wait to participate in the next Knight's competition!"

"Silly child, you're still too young for that," Morgaine replied. "Just wait six to nine more years before you join the tournament. By then, your skills with the sword will be unmatched, and no one would be able to defeat you in battle."

"I can't wait that long!" Modred pouted. "I'll join the next competition!"

Morgaine sighed, and decided to talk to her son again when the competition was over. Right now, Modred's excitement was through the roof, and it would be counterproductive to talk him out of joining the next Knight's Competition with his current mood.

Suddenly, the crowds cheered when a black knight disarmed one of the aspiring knights in battle. The black knight then placed the tip of the blade on his opponent's neck, forcing the latter to concede and admit defeat.

"Wow!" Modred raised his fist. "So cool! Isn't he amazing, Mother?"

Morgaine nodded as she eyed the black knight in the distance. She, and the Knights of the Round Table, had deemed the mysterious knight as the dark horse of the tournament. Although he didn't show all of his strength, his ability to wield the sword was almost that of a Master.

"Mother, how about we hire that black knight to be my tutor if he becomes the champion?" Modred asked. "Can we? Please?"

"That might be a bit difficult, but it's not impossible," Morgaine replied. "I will need to ask your father about it, but only if he wins this tournament."

"Okay! I'm sure that he will win this tournament!"

"Really? How do you know."

"I just know!"

Morgaine chuckled as she lightly patted her son's head, who was looking at the black knight as if he had found his idol.

Several hours passed, and the number of participants dwindled at a rapid rate. Finally after sunset, only four hundred of the original eighty hundred remained.

The qualifiers would continue the next day until only one participant remained in each division. The moment that the tournament was over for the day, the black knight casually left the field to return to his lodgings.

Several people stalked him from the shadows because they were all curious about his true identity. Even the subordinates of the Knights of the Round Table were asked to find out where the Black Knight was staying.

When the Black Knight turned into an alley, his pursuers followed. However, after peeking into the alley, they discovered that their target was no longer there. It was as if the black knight had vanished into thin air, and it forced the pursuers to spread out in order to find his whereabouts.

Five minutes later…

"As expected, they were unable to keep their curiosity in check," William shook his head helplessly before taking off the helmet that covered his face.

The Half-Elf had entered the tournament and used the alias, Bruce Dwayne, and called himself the Dark Knight.

Usually, Knights had several titles like Knight of the Lion, Knight of the Wolves, and the most popular of all, Knight of the Round Table.

It was simply impossible for a normal mortal to defeat William in swordsmanship even if it wasn't his specialty. Even in his past life, William's favored weapon was the spear. Of course, he also knew the basics of swordsmanship, and was a decent swordsman in his past life.

Even so, his basic swordsmanship looked like it belonged to an expert due to how strong he currently was. The Half-Elf also made sure to match his strength with that of a normal warrior, so no one would know his identity.

"To think I would be joining the tournament in this matter," William chuckled as the armor on his body disappeared and was replaced by casual clothes.

The Knight tournament was held over the course of five days, and he still had four more days remaining before he gained the right to challenge the person he wanted to fight.

'Just to be on the safe side, I'll ask Astrape to return to me tomorrow night, so I can drink her blood,' Wiliam thought. 'I don't want to drink the blood of anyone here in the city because it may raise suspicions.'

The Half-Elf knew that things would get complicated if he was caught drinking the blood of others. Since that was the case, he needed to drink blood discreetly without alerting anyone else.

Earlier in the tournament, William felt several inquiring eyes upon his body, and among them were Morgaine and Merlin. Both were powerful sorcerers, so he played it safe and acted within the reasonable bounds of the tournament.

In order for his plan to succeed, he needed to act like an ordinary mortal for the next few days until he became the champion. After that, he could drop all pretenses and go all out.Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Since his subordinates were already looking for clues on how to stop the Time Loop from recurring in Midgard, he had all the time in the world to enjoy this perfect opportunity to get his revenge upon those that were responsible for getting him exiled from Camelot, as well as the person that had given the decree to make that happen.

'Wash your neck,' William thought as he stared at the castle in the distance. "'It's payback time.'