Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1172 You're Missing Out On A Great Opportunity

While William was inside Boreas' Trial, the Drows in the Silvermoon Continent had started to prepare for the war that they had no choice but to participate in.

Princess Eowyn had been tasked to become the leader of the younger generation and care for the children that would be left behind by their parents.

Although she had some experience in this matter when he was still in the Southern Continent, she was still overwhelmed by the sheer number of Elves that would have to fend for themselves when their parents left for battle.

'Did the Human children also feel this helpless back then?' Princess Eowyn thought as she watched the Elf Children enter the makeshift-shelters that the Royal Family and the Elven Council had prepared for them.

'No.' Princess Eowyn shook her head. 'They had it worse.'

When the adults had been turned into crystals, the children were left to fend for themselves. This was very different from the situation of the Elves where William had given them one month to prepare.

One week had passed since the Half-Elf had given his decree, and all the Drows worked hand in hand in order to safeguard the well-being of their next generation. Unlike Humans, Elves couldn't reproduce rapidly.

This was why the King, the Elven Council, and the rest of the adults went to great lengths to ensure their survival.

"Well, this is better than I thought."

An amused voice sounded from behind Princess Eowyn.

The Elf Princess' guards and maidservants all glared at the newcomer, who walked in their direction in a carefree manner.

"Good morning, Charmaine," Princess Eowyn greeted the pretty Elf who also served as William's personal maid. .

"Good morning, Your Highness," Charmaine replied. "Are those circles under your eyes that I see? That's no good. You should take better care of yourself. If you become sick, what would become of these children?"

Pearl, who was standing beside Princess Eowyn, couldn't take it anymore and glared at her sister. Although Charmaine was the only remaining member of her family, she still couldn't get used to the change in character that her sister had undergone since she had been captured in the Southern Continent.

"Sister, why are you glaring at me?" Charmaine asked with a pout. "I'm just worried about the Princess, you know? Sir William gave her an important duty and if she becomes sick no one will be able to take her place."

Just as Pearl was about to answer back to her sister's nonchalant statements, Princess Eowyn placed her right hand over Pearl's shoulder in order to calm her down. She then looked back at the pretty Elf who was looking at the Elf children with an amused expression on her face.

"Thank you for the concern, Charmaine," Princess Eowyn stated. "I will take heed of your words and take better care of myself."

Charmaine smiled as she nodded her head in satisfaction.

"That is for the best, Your Highness," Charmaine commented. "Sometimes, we only see things clearly when we are subjected to the same scenario. Back then, we treated the Human children as slaves, livestock, and toys. Just like everyone, I am also guilty for doing such atrocious crimes. This was why I wanted to atone for my wrong doings."

Charmaine then paused before glancing at the Elf Princess who had been given a great responsibility by the black-haired teenager who was currently not in the Elven Capital at the moment.

"You see things in a different light when the same slave collar you placed on others suddenly find itself on your own neck," Charmaine stated. She was no longer looking at the Elf Princess, but at the children who were being herded to the Grand Shelters that the Elves had built for emergencies.

"Now I understand why Lord William always wore the slave collar on his neck back then…" Charmaine's words trailed off as if she was reminiscing a wonderful memory. "Perhaps, it was to remind himself that enslaving others is not the right thing to do. It is quite unfortunate that he is now a changed man. Even so, I still love him the way he is."

Charmaine smiled sweetly before giving her sister, Pearl, a glance.

"Sister, have you thought about the proposal that I gave you after our talk a few days ago?" Charmaine asked.

"Yes," Pearl replied. "The answer is No."

"Really? Such a shame. You're missing out on a great opportunity."

"Opportunity to become what? A slave? No thank you."

Charmaine chuckled after hearing her sister's words as if they were the most laughable things she had heard in her life.

"Sister, you may not be wearing a collar right now, but I know that you can feel it," Charmaine said as he walked towards her older sister with a smile. "Even without a collar binding your will, you already know that you can't defy Lord William. The only reason why you're still not a Drow is because of his mercy."

Charmaine smirked before patting Princess Eowyn's shoulder as if they were the best of friends.

"Just to make sure that you don't get the wrong idea, Lord William is not interested in you, Your Highness," Charmaine stated before looking at her sister, Pearl, with a thoughtful gaze. "He is only interested in my sister, for reasons that I don't know about. One thing that I know is that he had no intention of making her his concubine or lover. He just wants her to be by his side… like a part of a collection, perhaps?"

Pearl glared at her sister because she had no interest in becoming part of "William's collection".

Seeing her hateful glare, Charmaine could only shake her head before walking away. However, after taking a few steps, the pretty Elf stopped and turned her head to look at Pearl, who was still glaring at her.

"Sister, let me tell you just one thing," Charmaine said as the smile on her face disappeared and was replaced with a serious expression. "Even in his corrupted state, Lord William is a good person. I don't want to see the day when his patience ends, and he turns you into a mindless puppet. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"I am only telling you this because I still care for you as my remaining family member. I am willing to do anything for him, but I will never do anything to harm you. So, take my advice with a grain of salt if you will, but know that this possibility exists."

Charmaine no longer said anything and left her sister, and the rest of the elves that were guarding Princess Eowyn, behind.

She still had important duties to do, like taking care of William's mother and keeping an eye on the sleeping beauty in the Spring of Life. Charmaine was also tasked to observe if the black-haired teenager's orders were being carried out, and everyone in the Elf Capital treated her like a plague that they didn't want knocking on their doors.

Even the Elf King wasn't comfortable being around Charmaine, which made the pretty Elf laugh with amusement in her heart.

'Master, everything is proceeding as you planned,' Charmaine thought as she looked in the direction of the Northern side of the Silvermoon Continent. 'Please, be safe, and return victorious in your conquest of the lands of Hyperborea.'