Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1175 Since You Wwant To Play,Let's Play

That night, William didn't return to the inn.

He went to a mountain overlooking Camelot, and looked at the setting sun, while seated on his black throne.

Looking at this familiar world, the Half-Elf was feeling a sense of Nostalgia. Back then, he had died at a very young age before he could even realize his dreams, and keep the promises he made.

As the darkness slowly crept across the land, and the last embers of sunlight illuminated the western skies, a streak of lightning descended from the sky and landed a few meters away from William.

Astrape, the Deity of Lightning, appeared kneeling in front of her new Master, who seemed to be deep in thought. She didn't disturb the black-haired teenager and continued kneeling, like a knight waiting for her King's permission to rise.

Fortunately, only a minute passed before William turned his head and made a gesture for Astrape to come to him. He then lightly patted his lap, making Astrape blush in understanding. A moment later, the beautiful deity sat on William's lap and rested her head on the Half-Elf's shoulder.

William in turn held her waist, and secured her in place.

"Did you discover anything?" William asked.

"No, Master," Astrape replied. "Aside from warring kingdoms on the other side of the sea, I didn't see anything unusual during my journey."

William nodded his head in understanding. It was truly difficult to look for something unusual, if you didn't really know what you were looking for. Right now, they were still trying to understand why the Time Loop that Astrape, Bronte, and Titania experienced had happened in the first place.

"Did you sense anything that was similar to the doorways to the other worlds during your journey?"

"No. It seems that the pathways to the other planes are exclusive in this particular land, Master. I found no such doorways during my exploration."

"How peculiar," William muttered.

The portals that led to the different worlds were discovered within the Domains ruled by King Arthur. The Half-Elf didn't know if this was just a coincidence or not, but he would have to wait for Bronte's and Titania's reports before he came to a conclusion.

There were still so many things that they didn't understand about the world they were in right now. Coming to a conclusion without doing any investigation would lead them to nowhere.

"Astrape, I called you here because I need your help," William said after a few minutes. "I can't open my Thousand Beast Domain here, so I am unable to summon the Elves to drink their blood.

"Although I can randomly capture any of the ladies in the city to drink their blood, I don't know if that is a good idea or not. In order to play it safe, I decided to drink your blood instead. Of course, I will not force you to do it. I give you permission to reject my request if you don't feel like doing it."

Astrape looked at William with a smile. "Master, I will do anything if it will be of help to you. I will gladly fight your enemies for you, let alone letting you drink my blood. Please, drink until you are satisfied."

"Thank you," William smiled back as he lightly caressed Astrape's right cheek before kissing her lips for a brief moment.

The Deity of Lightning then parted her hair, and moved it to the side, to show her slender, and captivating neck, to her Master who wanted her blood.

A moment later, a prickling pain assaulted her senses, which lasted for only a few seconds. Soon, Astrape felt her body tingling due to the feeling of pleasure that was washing over her for the first time in her life.

William, who was drinking Astrape's blood, immediately felt a difference between drinking her blood, and drinking the blood of his wives, lovers, and the Elves.

The beautiful lady sitting on his lap was a Pseudo-God. Her blood was very rich in magical powers, and it immediately sated the black-haired teenager's bloodthirst, after only drinking around a mouthful of blood.

Originally, William thought that he would need to call Bronte, and Titania as well because Astrape's blood might not be enough for him. To his surprise, his bloodthirst was quenched so easily, which had never happened before.

'I think I will need to drink Bronte's and Titania's blood to conclude whether this is merely a coincidence or not,' William thought as he kissed the wound of Astrape's neck to heal it completely.

Astrape, who was still basking in the afterglow of pleasure, didn't know what was happening around her.

The black-haired teenager simply pulled her close to him and rested the beautiful lady's head on his shoulder.

Only after ten minutes had passed did Astrape snap out of her daze and realize that she had returned to her previous position before her Master drank her blood.

"Thank you, Astrape," William said softly.

"You're welcome, Master," Astrape replied. Part of her wanted to tell William that if he needed to drink more of her blood, he should just call for her any time.

However, the other half of herself was feeling embarrassed to say those things to the black-haired teenager because he might think that she was overstepping her bounds.

When the darkness deepened, and the countless stars shone above the heavens, William finally told Astrape that he would be returning to Camelot, and she should return to her investigations.

The Lightning Deity nodded her head in understanding before reluctantly standing up from William's lap. She bowed to her Master one last time before turning into a lightning bolt that flew into the heavens.

The Half-Elf watched her disappear in the night sky before flying towards the city. However, halfway in his journey, he decided to just spend the night outside. He had a feeling that the moment he stepped inside the city, Merlin, and probably Morgaine, would confront him and ask him a multitude of questions that he didn't want to be bothered with.

—--

Several hours later…

The bell at the center of the city rang, telling everyone that the championship match of the Knight Tournament would begin in an hour.

William had arrived at the venue already wearing his black armor, and was just waiting for the battle to start.

What he didn't know was that his opponent had been called into the Castle of Camelot, while William was spending some quality time with Astrape.

Knowing who he really was, Merlin, as well as Arthur, decided to even things out and loaned the Relentless Knight, Izaak Bricot, some equipment that would allow him to increase his performance against his opponent.

At first, Izaak felt that the King and Merlin were asking him to break the rules. However, after the Grand Archmage insisted that William was someone who had come to threaten Camelot, the young knight finally agreed to receive some items that would boost his strength during the final battle.

Just as the two men faced each other, Izaak reached out to shake William's hand, which the latter accepted.

"I was told that you came here to endanger the lives of his majesty and his entourage, is that true?" Izaak asked.

"It's true," William admitted.

"I will not lose to you, Bruce Dwayne."

"That's what losers say, Izaak. Make sure to not repeat the same mistake again in the future."Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

The two teenagers ended their handshake and moved to their respective places.

When Izaak drew his blade, William noticed that this was not the blade that the Young Knight used in his previous battles.

The Half-Elf then gave Merlin a side-long glance before returning his attention to his opponent.

'Since you want to play, let's play.' The corner of William's lips curled up into a smirk.

Suddenly out of nowhere, a weapon descended from the heavens and landed beside the Half-Elf.

Since he couldn't magically pull out a weapon out of thin air, he decided to play a little trick to make it look like the heavens were on his side as he summoned the first weapon that he had bought from the God Shop to assist him in battle.

It was none other than the Lance that shines at the end of the World, Rhongomyniad.

The moment William held the handle of the spear and pointed its tip at the heavens, King Arthur's, Merlin's, and Morgaine's expressions, as well as the expressions of the Knights of the Round Table, changed completely.

How could they possibly not recognize the spear that the Dark Knight was wielding at the moment?

It was the spear that once belonged to Arthur Pendragon's father, Uther Pendragon, who was the supreme King before Arthur took over his position as the new King of Camelot.

William wanted to laugh out loud after seeing the King Arthur's, Merlin's, and the Knights' faces. All of them seemed to have eaten a fly, which made the Half-Elf nod in satisfaction because he chose the right weapon to get back at them for their dirty tricks.

Who was William? He was someone who literally threw sh*t at people. He was not afraid of playing dirty!