Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1176 Are You Prepared For The Consequences ln Challenging Me? Boy?

The people that were in the venue all gasped in shock when the shining spear descended from the sky. It was as if the Heavens had taken the Dark Knight's side and presented him with a weapon that would allow him to win the tournament.

The moment William raised the weapon and pointed its tip towards the sky, the people cheered because they thought that the Dark Knight was paying his tribute to the Gods that had bestowed upon him a majestic spear that they were seeing for the first time.

"Referee, I think it is about time to start the battle," William said as he pointed his spear towards Izaak who stood rooted on the ground. "The Gods are watching over this duel. Please, don't keep them waiting."

The referee as well as the people of that era were quite superstitious. They didn't doubt William's words, and the referee raised his hand to declare the start of the match, without even asking for the King's permission.

"Duel Start!"

As soon as the signal for the battle started, Izaak broke out of his daze and firmly held Clarent in his hands. This was King's Arthur other sword, that were on par with Excal

Merlin and Morgaine chanted and a blue dome surrounded the battlegrounds, keeping the two combatants inside.

Both sorcerers knew that this wouldn't be an ordinary battle, and they needed to ensure that the people that were watching the tournament would be safe from the attacks of the two young knights, who were both wielding magical weapons.

"His Excellency was right," Izaak said with gritted teeth. "You threaten the peace of this kingdom."

"You believe that old fool?" William asked in a teasing tone. "He can't even spell his own name right, and you think he is right? Very funny."

Morgaine and the other Knights all glanced at Merlin, as if asking him if what the Dark Knight was saying was the truth.

"Don't believe his hubris!" Merlin roared. "Whose stupid enough to not know how to spell their own name?!"

The Knights of the Round Table averted their gazes. Although they were all intellectual individuals, some of them weren't good when it came to writing things, especially writing their names. However, none of them would admit it, especially in front of their King.

A gust of wind blew across the battleground as the sword in Izaak's hands hummed.

Clarent, which was a sword that King Arthur used, glowed blood red as magical powers were gathered into its blade.

William smiled as the tip of Rhongomyniad radiated in a golden light, he was prepared to meet Izaak's strongest attack head-on. The Half-Elf was constantly observing Clarent's power, so he could match it with the same strength.

He was afraid that he might accidentally kill Izaak in their duel, which was something he didn't plan on doing because it would lead to complications later on.

"Enact justice upon the Guilty!" Izaak shouted. "Lay waste to my enemies, Clarent!"

At the same time the magical sword unleashed several crimson wind blades in William's direction.

"Illuminate the world!" William roared. "Rhongomyniad!"

Two powerful attacks collided with each other, which ended up in a powerful explosion sending dirt, and rubble flying in every direction.

The crowds gasped in shock because this was the first time they were seeing such an incredible display of abilities. Fortunately, the barrier that protected them from William's and Izaak's combined attacks held firm, and kept them safe from harm.

A moment later, the sound of weapons clashing rang within the dust cloud that blocked everyone's sight.

With each blow, Izaak could feel his body getting stronger due to the power that was being supplied to him by Clarent. Even so, his opponent was casually dodging, blocking, deflecting his attacks even though he was currently in a trance-like state that allowed him to surpass his limits.

'Why are my attacks not landing?!' Izaak felt anxious because something was telling him that no matter how strong he became in this battle, he would still not be able to even graze his opponent's armor due to the difference in strength.

When the dust cloud receded, everyone gasped in shock when they saw that Izaak was already kneeling on the ground, unable to raise his sword.

The young knight's hands were numb after unleashing a barrage of powerful blows that didn't even land on his opponent.

William on the other hand, just stood a few meters away from Izaak, with his weapon lowered to the ground. It was as if he was letting his opponent catch his breath, so that the two of them could fight again.

"Have you rested enough?" William asked after five minutes had passed. "You can surrender now if you don't want to continue."

Izaak didn't answer. Instead, he forced himself to stand by using Clarent to support his body.

"I'm not done yet," Izaak said in a hoarse voice. "I will protect, His Majesty. I will protect this Kingdom!"

"Okay," William replied as he walked towards Izaak in a carefree manner. "You can sleep now."

Without another word, William tapped the side of Izaak's head with his spear, making the young knight lose consciousness.

The referee ran towards the collapsed knight and checked if he was in any mortal danger. After seeing that the teenager just lost consciousness, the referee announced William's victory, making the crowd cheer in unison.

Modred, who was right beside his mother, shouted in joy as his favorite knight won the tournament. When the shouting, and cheering receded, William then walked towards the VIP Stands, and pointed his hand at a Knight who was seated just below the King's throne.

"I want to challenge the strongest knight of the kingdom," William declared. "Sir Lancelot, do you dare to fight me?"

The faint trace of ridicule didn't escape the Knight's ears, and it made Lancelot smile at the young knight who dared to challenge him.

The Strongest Knight of the Realm, emptied his wine cup before standing up from his seat.

"Are you prepared for the consequences in challenging me, boy?" Lancelot asked.

"Yes," William replied in a teasing tone. "Come. I have prepared a special wooden stick just for you."

William smiled and walked towards the audience who was watching him fight. After the Dark Knight left the barrier, a boy with freckles on his face handed him a wooden staff with a fawning look.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"Sir Bruce, I made sure to keep this wooden staff safe," the boy replied. "My friends tried to take it from me, but I made sure that they didn't even get to touch it."

"Good." William patted the boy's shoulder, which made the latter become ecstatic. "You are bound to become a great person someday. Someone who doesn't shy away from duties has the makings of a knight."

The children who saw this scene became jealous as William lightly patted the boy's head before he walked back to the battleground, carrying his wooden staff.

"This staff is very effective against idiots," William declared. "Let me test it on you, Sir Lancelot. I just want to know if you are an idiot or not."

Lancelot's smile remained on his face, but in his eyes, a trace of killing intent was oozing out. No one in Camelot dared to challenge his name and authority, and because of this, he planned to teach the young knight a painful lesson that he would not forget in his lifetime.