Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1178 That Was The Most Amazing Feeling Ever

In the venue where the tournament was held…

Merlin cried out in pain before collapsing on the ground unconscious. Just before King Arthur could come to his aid, a loud cracking sound was heard in the arena.

The crystal ball that the Grand Archmage had thrown earlier split in half, and the light that shot towards the Heavens from the crystal ball made everyone who witnessed it kneel on the ground.

Even King Arthur wasn't spared from this effect, and even though he tried hard to resist the overwhelming pressure that was coming from the light, it was futile.

For the first time since he became the King of Camelot, Arthur Pendragon knelt on the ground. No matter how much he resisted it, in front of that Holy Light that illuminated the entire world, no one had the strength, nor ability, to remain standing.

The people who saw it didn't feel any overwhelming pressure to make them go down on their knees, like Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table did. The common folk simply felt that it was a sacred light and, out of habit, they began to worship it as they had done with many supernatural things that happened in their world.

To their credit, the light didn't harm them. In fact, everyone who was suffering from disease or illness and who saw the light felt their ailments and pains melting out of their bodies.

Such was the effect when the power of the Eight Virtues of the World was unleashed in full.

"Mother, what is that light?" Modred asked as he kneeled beside his mother and looked at the dazzling light that parted the dark clouds that hung in the sky.

"It is Divine Light," Morgaine replied subconsciously. "This is the first time I've seen it with this much intensity, but I am certain that what we're seeing is Divine Light."

When the light finally receded after a full minute, the clear-blue sky once again appeared above their heads. The sunlight shone down on everyone. It wasn't hot, but warm and, to a certain extent, very gentle.

The wind blew past everyone, giving them a refreshing feeling as if taking their remaining ailments and woes away.

When the pressure forcing King Arthur and all his knights to kneel disappeared, all of them stood up at once.

The first thing the King did was check to see if Merlin was fine, but thanks to the Divine Light that had shot towards the heavens, the injuries that the Grand Archmage received had healed completely.

He was just feeling so refreshed that he felt that lying on the floor didn't seem that bad. It had been a while since he had taken a proper rest, and he was very tempted to just sleep on the ground and wake up a few hours later.

"Just five more minutes, okay?" Merlin said as Athur shook his body. "No. Make that ten minutes. I deserve the extra five minutes due to working overtime yesterday."

King Arthur was very tempted to slap the old man because he had completely forgotten what had transpired earlier. However, before he could even do that, Merlin's eyes opened wide after he remembered what happened to his precious portable domain.

"That damn brat!" Merlin stood up enraged. "He destroyed my Domain!"

As if calling the Devil's name, two figures reappeared in the battleground. On the ground, Lancelot lay with several wounds on his body.

His sword arm was bent at a weird angle, which signified that his arm was broken.

The Strongest Knight's clothes were in tatters, and were similar to a shredded rag. The proud Knight was nowhere to be seen. In his place, a person who was writhing in pain could be seen.

William walked towards the fallen Knight and looked down on him. A second later, he casually kicked him until Lancelot's body turned over, with his face facing the ground. William crouched down and raised his hand.

A resounding clap echoed in the venue, followed by Lancelot's pained howl.

William spanked the strongest knight on the bum a second time, as if he was disciplining a child that had done bad things.

"Stop this at once!" King Arthur shouted, as William was about to slap Lancelot's bum for a third time.

The Dark Knight gave the King a side-long glance before slapping the proud knight's backside for the third time.

The people, including the Knights of the Round Table, couldn't believe what they saw. Someone actually defied the order of their King. This had never happened in the past, and it made King Arthur feel that his face had been slapped as well.

After slapping Lancelot's bum thirteen times, Wiliam finally stood up and faced the King of Camelot.

When everyone's eyes were on him, the Dark Knight snuck in a kick to the Knight lying beside his feet, turning his body over so that it faced the sky.

.

A gasp escaped everyone's lips because they never thought that William would be so shameless as to openly sneak attack the fallen Knight under their gazes.

"Y-You!" King Arthur was doing his best to not make a scene in front of his subjects, but William's repeated acts of violence were challenging his authority. "You're not worthy of being a Knight!"

William's reply was to take off the helmet that covered his face.

Long-silver hair that reached his shoulders appeared in front of everyone. William's gray eyes stared at the King with a mischievous glint in them as if he was looking at something very funny.

"I know, right?" William replied in a carefree manner. "I was never meant to be a Knight, nor I was meant to be your son. The only thing that was meant to happen to me in this world was to die. So, f*ck you, Father. You're nothing but a f*cking piece of sh*t!"

William then laughed after hurling insults at the King whose face had gone livid out of anger.

The Half-Elf ignored him as he looked towards the clear blue sky. Although it was a lifetime ago, he felt as if all the frustrations and the grudges he kept in his heart melted away like snow on a sunny day.

For the first time since he was tainted by darkness, William felt so peaceful. He then closed his eyes and allowed the wonderful feeling to wash over his body.

When he opened his eyes, he found himself standing in a peaceful and beautiful world, where the sea under his feet reflected the clear blue sky on the heavens.

Standing in front of him was the silver-haired William who had a smile on his face.Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"Thank you," the silver-haired William said.

"You're welcome," William replied. "But, this is just the first step, right?"

The silver-haired William nodded with a smile on his face.

"I have so many regrets in my lifetime," the silver-haired William stated. "Promises that I was not able to keep. What you did to Lancelot, and to our father, felt great. That was the most amazing feeling ever… well, aside from making love to our wives."

William gave his other half a knowing smile. How could slapping Lancelot's backside even come close to slapping Lilith's bubble bum? Remembering the Amazon Princess that was waiting for him on the Floor of Asgard made William's cold heart feel warm.

"There are still grudges that we need to settle," the silver-haired William said as he patted William's shoulder.

"And promises that we need to keep," William replied as he patted the silver-haired William's shoulder. "Don't worry. I got this. I'll make sure to do it right this time."

The silver-haired William smirked before turning into particles of light and merging with William's body.

He now understood how to break the Time Loop that plagued the world.

It was not the world whose time had stopped, but it was his time that had stopped.

After defeating Lancelot, and giving an invisible slap to his father's face, William understood that the key to this world was himself.

Now that his grudges against Lancelot and his father were settled, it was now time to move to the next place, and keep the promise he made to the pitiful lady that held him until he drew his last breath.

"Although it is several lifetimes late, it is time for me to keep the promise I made," William said softly before turning his back to the King who once played an important role in his life.

The color of William's hair changed from silver to black, and his gray eyes turned golden in color. The armor he was wearing disappeared and was replaced by a princely robe that enhanced his handsome features.

Soon he disappeared from the venue and reappeared on the mountain where he had drunk Astrape's blood several hours ago.

"Astrape, Bronte, Titania, return to me," William ordered. "There's no need to look for clues anymore. I know where we should go next."

"""As you command, Master!"""

William summoned his throne and sat on it. He then rested the side of his face on his closed fist before closing his eyes.

Memories that he had once lost in Asgard flooded his mind.

Memories that he had managed to regain in his current lifetime.