Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1180 Acedia's Wish

Several hours passed before the beauty in William's arms stirred.

When Acedia opened her eyes, she looked sleepily at William for a few seconds, which the Half-Elf found amusing. This was not the first time that he had seen her in this manner, which made him remember of the times they spent together in the past.

Since the Half-Elf was in the mood to tease her, William kissed her on the lips, making the beautiful Elf's eyes open wide like saucers.

The kiss didn't last long, and when William pulled back he smiled at the blonde beauty whose eyes were still staring at him in disbelief.

"Good afternoon," William said. "Did you have a nice nap?"

"Will…," Acedia muttered as she stared at William's golden eyes that were very different from the ones she remembered.

"Sorry, should I revert back to my old appearance?" William asked.

Acedia then shook her head before hugging her beloved.

"Will… is… Will," Acedia replied. "Nothing… will… change."

William just smiled. He didn't want to refute Acedia's words, because that would not do any good.

Instead of replying, he just kissed her again. This time, Acedia returned his kiss.

Soft pecks slowly grew in intensity as they transformed into passionate kisses that lit a fire in their hearts. After five minutes, William was the first to pull back from Acedia's advances.

It seemed that being separated for a very long time had made the lazy Elf more bold when it came to exchanging kisses with him.

"I missed you, Acedia," William said softly. "I'm sorry that I arrived late."

Acedia shook her head before hugging William. No words were needed because she was already feeling very happy that he had returned to her side.

A few hours later, the two left the wooden cottage and wandered around the Violet Ever Garden like they had done in the past.

In order to not tire Acedia, William decided to carry her like a princess as he took a stroll around the familiar paths that they had both taken when he was still with her.

The two of them chatted as they did, making the stroll a lively one. Soon, Acedia was talking better. Her usual cheekiness returned and she even made sure to complain to William because he had made her wait for a long time.

"Sorry, I should have come sooner, but things got out of hand in Midgard," William apologized. "In return for making you wait, you can ask me for anything. Whatever it is that you ask, I will do it without fail."

"Are you sure?" Acedia asked back. "You're not allowed to take back your words later, you know?"

William chuckled. "Don't worry. I won't take back my words. Just tell me what you want, and I'll make it happen."

Acedia closed her eyes as if she was seriously pondering what to ask the black-haired teenager who was carrying her around like a princess.

The Half-Elf didn't disturb her and allowed her to think. In truth, William was very curious about what Acedia wanted. When they were together, aside from returning to her side, the sleeping beauty didn't ask him for anything.

Now that she was given the chance, Acedia took the matter seriously and didn't hurry to give William an answer.

Finally, after a good amount of time had passed, the sleeping beauty opened her eyes and told William what she really wanted.

"Ljosalfheimr," Acedia said. "I want to see the capital city of the Elves, Ljosalfheimr."

"Okay," William nodded. "Do you know where it is located?"

Acedia nodded before shaking her head.

"I haven't been there before," Acedia explained. "But, I was told that the Elven Capital is near where the sun rises in the East."

"I see," William commented. "Then, we'll go there tomorrow."

"Will you really take me there?"

"Didn't I just say that we will go there tomorrow? You should have more faith in me."

Acedia stared at William with a doubtful look on her face. Clearly, she didn't believe that William could take her to the Capital City of the Elves, which she had never seen before.

Seeing her reaction, William decided to punish the lazy bum who had no faith in him. A few moments later, Acedia found herself squirming and laughing at the same time as she was tickled relentlessly by the black-haired teenager until she begged him to stop.

Naturally, William didn't make things difficult for her and stopped his naughty hands from punishing the Elven beauty further.

As William carried his lover towards their wooden cottage, he ordered Astrape to head East and see if she could find the Elven Capital before morning came.

His loyal servant answered his call and did his bidding. Among the three deities serving under him, Astrape was the fastest of them all since she wielded the power of lightning. He believed that it wouldn't take long for Astrape to find the Elven Capital that was hidden within the Eastern Regions of Alfheim.

Just like Acedia, the black-haired teeenager didn't have the opportunity to visit other places in the Elven World, aside from the Violet Ever Garden. He was also very curious as to why Acedia was exiled by her people.

That night, William embraced his eager lover, who didn't resist his advances. Acedia's sighs filled with pleasure echoed within the walls of the cottage.

It had been too long since she and William had made love with each other. The passion that they had been holding back lasted until midnight. After their lovemaking ended, both held each other tightly as they closed their eyes to sleep.

When morning came, they would leave their small home for a short period of time and travel towards the Elven Capital.

For some reason, William felt that this time around, the one that needed to get closure in their life, was Acedia and not him. However, he didn't mind it. As long as he could make the sleeping beauty happy, he didn't mind taking her to the ends of the world and back.

William covered his lover's delicate body with a blanket and kissed her forehead, just like he did before he left her back then.

Words couldn't convey how guilty he felt after he had died in Midgard, and was spirited away to Asgard. He had repeatedly tried to return to Midgard, in order to be with her again, but it was simply impossible.

In time, his memories of her slowly disappeared from his head, until he had forgotten about her completely.

"This time, I won't forget," William said softly as he gently pulled the sleeping Elf to his side. "This time, I will keep my promise to you."Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

As if hearing his words, Acedia made a humming sound before snuggling up against his chest. William smiled before closing his eyes to rest a little longer as well, using the beautiful Elf as a hug pillow.

This was his payback for what Acedia was doing to his wife, Chiffon, back in the Springs of Life. for some reason, he found her body quite comfortable to hug, and decided to do the same when he returned to the Sacred Grove, once his expedition to conquer Hyperborea was done.