Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1182 Felix's Plan

Somewhere in the Central Continent…

A month had passed ever since Felix led the Demons to conquer the Southwestern Regions of the Central Continent.

In that span of time the Demon Army under the Bull Demon King, as well as Princess Iron Fan, managed to conquer two additional Kingdoms and an Empire, and place them under the banner of the Heir of Darkness, before their advance was stopped by the united army of the Alliance.

The Holy Order of Light had sent three of their four Pseudo-Gods, as well as four Demigods to stop the Demon Army's rampage. Knowing that they could no longer push forward, the Bull Demon King ordered his army to hold onto the territories that they had acquired, as they waited for Ahriman's next orders.

Felix, who had indulged himself in ravaging the Princesses and the Noble Ladies of the vanquished lands, finally decided to make his appearance.

His powers had grown through his use of the Demon Realm's unique method of Dual Cultivation. This method allowed him to harness the magical powers of the ladies that he had bedded, until their powers had almost disappeared completely.

The terror of this ability was that it allowed him to use the different powers that he had taken from those same ladies, who had been turned into his slaves.

With this, Felix had gained the power to wield all the elements of the world, in addition to other unique abilities that were considered to be Bloodline Legacies, exclusive to those influential families that belonged to the lands that he had conquered.

Even Bull Demon King and Princess Iron Fan had to admit that the green-haired Demon was starting to become the Prophesied Prince that would bring the world to ruin.

"What is the Alliance doing right now?" Felix asked. "Have they started to reclaim the territories that we conquered?"

The Bull Demon King shook his head. "I don't know what the Holy Order of Light is playing at, but the Pseudo-Gods under their command are only preventing us from spreading outwards. Without them, the Generals of the Alliance didn't dare to send their armies forward to become cannon fodder, which has resulted in the current stalemate."

"I see." Felix nodded as he looked at the big map in front of him.

Several chess-like pieces stood over the map, which represented their armies, and the armies of the Alliance.

When the Bull Demon King, and Princess Iron Fan attacked the nearby kingdoms and empire, they did as little damage as they could to the defending Armies. Their only goal was to kill the reigning King, as well as capture the members of the Royal Families in order to use them as hostages.

This prevented the Generals of the various Kingdoms and Empire from doing something reckless, in the fear that the lives of the heirs would be endangered.

In truth, Felix had ordered that all the male members of the Royal Families be killed in secrecy, leaving only the ladies behind. This was to ensure that none of them would be able to gather the army to rebel against him.

In the end, through Ahriman's powers, the Bull Demon King was able to forcefully enslave the armies of the lands that were now under their banner. This was why the Alliance was reluctant to send their troops to battle, because Felix's army had grown by leaps and bounds since he had stepped into the Central Continent.

"I guess we are stuck," Felix said with a smile. "At least, that is what they are thinking."

The Bull Demon King, as well as Princess Iron Fan smirked because this was exactly what they wanted the Alliance to believe.

Ahriman had built many hidden teleportation gates across the Central Continent during the Era of the Gods. He knew that the Gods would unite to bring him down, so he decided to secretly build these teleportation gates to escape their pursuit.

Unfortunately, he had been outwitted by them, and sealed away in the Northern Regions of the Demon Continent.

Even so, the teleportation gates that he had left were still very much active. All Ahriman needed to do was use his power to open these gates to allow Felix's army to bypass the blockade that the Alliance had made.

"Any news of William?" Felix asked. "You should have heard of something by now, right?"

The Bull Demon King and Princess Iron Fan shook their heads.

"Although we have captured several high-ranking members of the Alliance, as well as some of their Generals, no one knows where he is," the Bull Demon King reported. "Even the members of the Holy Order that we tortured were clueless when it came to his whereabouts."

"Strange," Felix rubbed his chin. "I'm sure that he would have made his move by now. Any word from our spies in the Silvermoon Continent?"

"Our spies said that nothing has changed in the Silvermoon Continent. They are still preparing for the arrival of the Heir or the Prince of Darkness."

"Really? Now this is odd. Just where did that Half-Elf go? Did he perhaps hide himself under a rock because he knows that he is unable to defeat me?"

Felix chuckled because he sincerely felt that this was the case. Although William had exceeded his expectations, and nearly killed him back in the Demon Continent, the green-haired Demon treated this as something that was no longer important.

He was not the same Demon whom William had fought back then. He believed that with the powers that he had acquired, from the ladies whom he had slept with, the Half-Elf didn't even stand a chance, even if he had a hundred lives.

"For now, tell our Demon Army to retreat to the Zabia Kingdom," Felix ordered. "Make the armies of the vanquished nations protect the border. We will use them as cannon fodder and as a diversion to hide our next move."

The Bull Demon King nodded because he very much agreed with this plan. Since they could no longer advance, it was time to change locations and terrorize the undefended areas of the Central Continent.

They would repeat this process in order to help Felix's power grow, until he reached the stage where no one under the realm of Demigod would be his match.Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Ahriman secretly told the Bull Demon King that in order for Felix to step into the rank of Pseudo-God, he must first establish himself as someone worthy of being worshiped in Hestia.

Only through the Power of Faith, would one manage to break free from the Demigod Realm, and become a Pseudo-God. Also, there was one last requirement for Felix's ascension, and that was to kill William and eat his heart.

Demons could also grow by eating the hearts of powerful opponents, and William's heart was the most important ingredient for Felix to solidify his rule.

"After we gather our forces in the Kingdom of Zabia, where are we going next?" the Bull Demon King asked.

Felix smiled as he pointed at the Southeastern Region of the Central Continent where a city was located.

"Our next target is the Trade City of Alabaster," Felix declared. "That will also be our gateway to the Silvermoon Continent. After we conquer the nearby territories, we will then set sail towards the Elven Continent, and temporarily leave the Central Continent behind.

"I'm sure that after we're done with that city, and its nearby territories, I will be tired of Human girls. It's time to change the menu, and dine on Elf beauties next."

Felix looked at the distant Elven Continent with anticipation. Since the Silvermoon Continent was prophesied to fall into Darkness, he wanted to be the one to make that happen.

'I guess you're not a big deal after all, William Von Ainsworth,' Felix chuckled internally as he remembered the black-haired teenager that declared that he would have his vengeance when he was still in the Demon Continent.

Felix was already looking forward to burning the Tree of Life that the Elves hailed as sacred. By doing so, not only would he fulfill the prophecy, but he would also accomplish the one thing that his father, Luciel, had failed to do in his lifetime.

'Don't worry, Father,' Felix mused as he thought of his father, who was currently locked up in the prisons of the Zabia Kingdom. 'I will let you witness the fall of the Elven Nation that you failed to conquer. By then, you will realize that you were not only a failure as a father, but a failure as the Demon Lord as well.'

Felix had once aspired to become his father, but after he had gained the power to make Luciel kneel in front of him, his desire to make his father suffer for life had become his second goal in his life.

His first goal of course was to capture William and make him suffer by forcing him to watch while everything he held dear was destroyed right in front of his eyes.