Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1183 Don't Worry, l Will Not Bully You ln The Future

Somewhere in Vanaheim…

William, and the three ladies beside him watched from a distance as a silver-haired Einherjar, and a purple-haired beauty made love on a sea of flowers, under the light of moonlight.

The black-haired teenager as well as his entourage arrived at this spot, and it just so happened that the two lovebirds were busy enjoying each other's warmth after they reunited.

The three ladies beside William didn't say anything and simply watched the scene in front of them, all the while giving side-glances to their Master, who had a calm expression on his face.

Astrea, Bronte, and Titania, recognized the girl as the angelic looking princess that they often saw inside William's Villa in the Thousand Beast Domain.

They were aware of how many women there were in William's life, but the Half-Elf had never made his move on Princess Aila, and only called for her whenever he needed his soul to be stabilized.

The three ladies knew that there was a time and place for everything, so they decided to not ask any questions as they continued to simply watch the sensuous scene in front of them.

The black-haired teenager's memories were recovering at a fast rate as he looked at his past self, and past lover.

Aila had erased all of William's memories of her when he was caught by her Elders and subjected to torture. Since she didn't want him to suffer, she chose to just let their relationship end, so that he could return to Asgard safely.

As the memories of the time he spent in Vanaheim was compiled inside his head, he realized that this particular scene was the prelude to William's suffering.

The day after Aila and him made love, the Elders captured him and brought him to the Silver City of Virdar, where he was imprisoned and tortured.

The Half-Elf sighed internally as he thought of how miserable he had been in the past. Tortured by the Vanirs, and his memory erased by his lover so she could save him. He was so pitiful back then that it wasn't even funny.

If not for the fact that he was a captain of the Einherjar, and the Vanir didn't want to have conflicts with the Asgardians over him, they would have long killed him in order to end the problem once and for all.

Truth be told, he no longer held any attachments to this distant memory. Since everything about his time in Vanaheim had been erased from his memories by Aila, his feelings for her weren't as strong as the ones he had for his other lovers like Wendy, Ashe, Chiffon, and Acedia.

"Let's go," William said when the love making session had ended. "I hope that the three of you were well entertained at my expense."

The three ladies didn't say anything and just followed William with their heads lowered. When they came to this particular world, their Master had told them that they should be ready to fight against Gods. This was something that confused them, but after seeing the purple-haired lady, they felt a strong Divinity inside her body, which made them understand what their Master was trying to tell them.

—--

The next day, William watched as his past self was dragged away by the Elders of the Vanir, despite Aila's pleading to let him go.

The one that ratted Wiliam to the law enforcers of Vanaheim was none other than her best friend, Hnoss.

The lady with long blonde hair and purple eyes was holding Aila back as the authorities took William away so he could be imprisoned in the Silver City of Virdar.

The black-haired teenager had no intention of interfering at this point in time. For some reason, he wanted to see his past self's suffering, in order to fuel the rage that had been lit inside his chest.

A few days passed, and the scene that ended everything finally arrived.

William was brought to the altar of the city, where Aila and Hnoss waited for him.

"Aila, it is better to put an end to his suffering," Hnoss, the seductive beauty with long blonde hair and purple eyes, said with a smile. "Your relationship with him will never be recognized by anyone. If you resist, the elders will just continue to torture him until you agree to end this farce."

Aila lowered her head as a single tear streamed down the side of her face. She knew that her friend, Hnoss, was right. If she continued to be stubborn, the only one who would suffer would be the silver-haired teenager whose entire body was now covered with wounds.

"Will, I'm sorry," Aila said as she pressed her hand over her lover's forehead. "Even if you forget about me, I promise that I won't forget about you. Not now, not until the end of time."

Just before she was about to erase William's memories, a hand gripped her wrist and raised it away from the silver-haired William's forehead.

"Y-You! Who are you?!" Hnoss shouted as she hastily pulled Aila away. "Arrest him!"

The law enforcers, as well as the Elders of the Vanir encircled the black-haired trespasser who had barged into their ceremony and pointed their weapons at him.

"Things will be different this time," William said as a devilish smile appeared on his face. "Kill them now."

As soon as William gave out his order, the law enforcers around him found themselves wrapped in thorny green vines. The thorns pierced through their bodies as the vines squeezed them until the only thing they could do was scream in pain.

.

A moment later, fountains of blood erupted around the altar as the law enforcers were crushed, with their blood dripping from the gaps in the vines that held them in place.

"You know, I never liked you in the past," William said as he moved towards Hnoss who was holding Aila from behind.

She was using Aila as a shield against him, which made the smile on the Half-Elf's face widen.

"You are like an annoying fly who hovers around good food and spoils it," William commented as he raised his hand. "It's time to put you into your place."

A powerful force blew Hnoss and Aila apart, leaving the blonde-beauty alone to fend for herself.

"N-No! Stay back!" Hnoss shouted. "I am the daughter of an Elder! You can't hurt me!"

William sneered. "Watch me."

The next time the Half-Elf took a step forward, he instantly appeared in front of the stricken lady. His right hand moved to hold her neck into a vice grip, preventing her from moving.

"Any last words, B*tch?"

"N-No! Don't kill me! I don't want to die!"

William chuckled as he used the power of Darkness to corrupt her Divinity. The blonde beauty screamed a blood curdling scream that made Aila, who was watching from a distance, hastily retreat towards the silver-haired William's side.

The Vanirs tried to rescue Hnoss, but they were met by staunch resistance from the three Pseudo-Gods who had started a killing spree.

In time, Hnoss' skin started to wrinkle as her Divinity was forcefully absorbed by William, whose eyes never left her fear-stricken face. The arrogant and prideful Vanir was gone, and was replaced by a lady whose face was stained by tears and snot.

"F-Forgive me! I don't want to die!" Hnoss pleaded. "I don't want to die!"

"I forgive you," William replied. "Now, die."

Hnoss screamed as her entire body turned pitch-black before crumbling into ashes.

Before his memories were erased by Aila, his past self wished that he could kill Hnoss and skin her alive. This was one of the ways he could fulfill that goal and, to his surprise, William truly enjoyed killing the Vanir, who had caused his relationship with Aila to fall apart.

After Hnoss' death, the Vanirs were enraged and immediately went all out to kill them.

William welcomed them all and joined his subordinates in killing as many as they could, while Aila, and the silver-haired William watched in horror as the vain Deities of Vanaheim died one by one.

"Enough!"

A shout that held a powerful Divinity forced William and the three ladies to stop their rampage immediately.

"So, you were also there," William muttered as he looked at a majestic chariot pushed by two giant cats. "Freya."

The Goddess Freya looked down at William with a complicated face, while a legion of Valkyries hovered beside her. Among them was Wendy, who was looking at the bruised, and chained, silver-haired William, who was being held by Aina.

"Stop this at once," Freya ordered as she raised her hand to stop the Vanirs from attacking William and his entourage. "If I knew that things would end up like this, I would have personally made my move."

The beautiful Goddess sighed. Her voice was filled with regret as she looked at the hundreds of Vanirs that had died on the altar.

"Well, this is what you get for abandoning your Einherjar," William replied in a voice filled with contempt. "Were you entertained?"

Freya glared down at William, but the latter stared back at her with a fearless gaze. Even though he knew that he wasn't a match against the beautiful Goddess, he would not step back and fight her head-on.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"Leave," Freya ordered. "Much blood has already been spilled. This conflict ends today!"

William chuckled as he made a gesture for the three ladies to follow him. However, before he left, he glanced at Aila who was holding unto the chained William with a smirk.

"Don't worry, I will not bully you in the future," William stated. "The grudge I have with you ends here today."

The purple-haired beauty looked at the black-haired teenager in confusion, but the latter only chuckled before turning into a lightning bolt that flew towards the sky.

William heard the distinctive breaking sound within his sea of consciousness that proved that the shackles, grudge, and helplessness that bound him in Vanaheim, had finally been broken.