Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1184 The Three Of You Will Make Great Valkyries

"M-Master. What is happening here? Where are we?"

Titania, who was the most level-headed among the deities that served under William, couldn't believe what she was seeing in front of her eyes.

Her body shuddered as she looked at the millions of Giants that walked the land, and the Gods that led them to battle.

Astrape and Bronte weren't doing well either. Both of them had grim expressions on their faces as they looked at the countless monsters in front of them that could easily trample any Empire in existence.

"We are in Asgard," William replied as he looked at the Monsters in the distance with a calm expression on his face. "What you are looking at is the prelude to the end of a world. Take a good look at it. Hopefully, you don't see the same scenery in Hestia."

Astrape, Bronte, and Titania, couldn't help but shudder at the mere thought of such a vast army appearing on their homeworld. There was simply no escaping or resisting against such forces even if all the races in the world worked together to stop it.

Sensing their anxiety, William didn't say anything and simply ordered them to watch. He had already personally witnessed this scene, so this wasn't new to him. However, for the three Deities, seeing such formidable opponents made them realize that the power they had was nothing compared to the power of True Gods.

As the battle unfolded, the three Deities saw how the All Father, Odin, was eaten whole by the World Wolf, Fenrir.

How Thor died after killing the giant serpent, Jormungandr.

How the gatekeeper of the Bifrost Bridge, Heimdall, died together with the God of Tricks, Loki, in the one-on-one duel that they had.

They watched until a single warrior stood at the forefront of the battlefield, resisting the unstoppable wave that threatened to drown him without mercy.

"Master…," Titania muttered as she gazed at the black-haired teenager by his side. "Are we not going to help?"

William snorted. "Will helping make a difference? Deep inside, you don't want to fight against those behemoths, right?"

Titania lowered her head because she couldn't look William in the eye. She only said these words, but in truth, she didn't really want to help. The mere thought of fighting against a God of Destruction made her heart tremble.

"The three of you don't have to do anything," William stated. "Just watch."

The last remaining Einherjar, lifted Thor's hammer, Mjolnir, and tried to stop the God of Destruction, Surtr, but all of his efforts were futile. In the end, he crashed on the ground, and watched helplessly as the Fire Giant raised his sword of destruction and slashed it towards Yggdrasil.

However, before the blazing blade could even touch the World Tree, dark flames collided with it, blocking its advance.

William stood in front of Yggradrasil, holding his wooden staff and unleashing the full might of his Demigod Powers.

"Puny Insect," Surtr stated. "Die along with this world!"

The flames on the sword intensified, as it slowly pushed William towards the tree of Yggdrasil. David's wooden staff was indestructible, so it was able to hold off that flaming sword, but the difference in strength was quite obvious.

A Pseudo-God was weaker than a God.

Right now, William's rank was only that of a Demigod, so there was no possible way for him to win against a God that even Pseudo-Gods couldn't defeat.

Suddenly, a black lightning bolt hit Surtr's chest, making him take a step back.

Astrape came to William's aid and unleashed a barrage of lightning bolts in order to help her Master.

Surtr roared and slashed his blade towards Yggdrasil, unleashing a hellish inferno that threatened to burn everything in its path.

Bronte appeared in front of the blaze and unleashed a thunderous roar that pushed away the flames that threatened her sister's and Master's lives.

A moment later, a gigantic thorny vine slapped Surtr's face, causing the giant to take another step back from the attack that came out of nowhere.

Titania stood in front of William with her butterfly wings spread wide, her green eyes that had been filled with fear a while ago, were now burning with determination.

"The three of you are going to die, you know?" William stated as he stood centered behind the three girls who were standing in front of him.

"I don't mind dying on a grand stage like this, Master," Astrape replied. "For some reason, fighting, knowing that the world will end after I fail, makes my heart skip a beat. It is as if I am the last hope that stands between destruction and survival. It's an amazing feeling."

"I feel the same," Bronte replied. "If this was Hestia, I'm sure that I would do the same. Even though there is no chance of winning, dying in this manner isn't half bad at all."

.

Titania didn't reply and simply held the green whip in her hand tightly. Although she wasn't really fond of battles, if push came to shove, she would put her life on the line in order to protect the world she lived in.

"The three of you would make great Valkyries," William said with sarcasm as he moved to stand in front of the three ladies. "I'm sure that all of you will be welcomed in Valhalla." VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Even though his words were filled with ridicule, if one looked closely, the corner of his lips was raised a little, forming a light smile.

"Let's go," William said as he summoned Stormbringer to fight by his side.

He then pointed his wooden staff at the God of Destruction and his minions, who had started to charge in their direction.

With unyielding determination, he charged right at them with the three ladies following not far behind him. Shouting the words that he had not spoken for a very long time.

"For Asgard!" William roared as black flames covered his body.

The flames of Destruction, and the flames of Darkness clashed against each other.

A moment later, a loud explosion shook the entire world which was headed down the path of destruction.