Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1185 Goodluck, Dark Prince, Don't Make Us Wait Too Long

William looked at the clear blue skies, as he laid down on the grass with tears blurring his vision.

These were not tears of frustration, but instead, tears of acceptance.

He and his three beautiful subordinates had fought valiantly, knowing that there was no chance of winning. The enemy was simply too strong, and the four of them couldn't change the fate of the world that was engulfed by the flames of Destruction.

The black-haired teenager allowed his tears to fall because it was part of the healing process. Boreas' trial was about settling the regrets that a person had faced in his lifetime. If he was unable to realize what they were and face them head-on, they would be trapped in an Infinite Loop until they drew their last breath.

Now he understood why only a single person was able to return to the Elven Lands after passing Boreas' trial. That person didn't even dare to challenge Hyperborea because what could a single person possibly do by himself?

After several minutes had passed, William finally wiped the tears from his eyes, as he propped himself from the ground.

Astrape, Bronte, and Titania stood a few meters away from him. They had recovered faster than William, and they allowed him to take his time to shake away his lingering attachments to the world of Asgard that had long been brought to ruin.

William scanned his surroundings and found himself on a riverbank surrounded by amber colored, weeping poplar trees. Several white swans could be seen on the river's surface, as they enjoyed the eternal spring that this place had.

In the distance, he saw a tall, snow covered mountain. At its center, one could see a giant, golden temple, which was very eye-catching.

"Master, is that Hyperborea?" Astrape asked as she pointed at the golden temple in the distance.

William nodded. "Yes. That is the reason why we came to this place."

After the Half-Elf answered Astrape's question, a loud screech was heard above their heads.

Sepheron, the Black Phoenix, made his appearance and descended from the heavens. He landed several meters away from William and bowed to his Master, asking him to ride on his back.VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

The black-haired teenager had wondered where Sepheron had been after he and the three Deities were taken into that dream-like world, which was filled with William's past regrets and grudges.

"Have you been here since the beginning?" William asked as he rested his hand on Sepheron's forehead.

The Black Phoenix nodded in reply.

"So, it was only us who entered the trial," William muttered before mounting the Black Phoenix's back.

Astrape, Bronte, and Titania did the same. Only when all four of them were firmly mounted on his back did Sepheron spread his wings and fly towards the sky before turning to head to Hyperborea, where the Dungeon of Appolon was found.

When they arrived at the entrance, they were met with three ladies, whose beauty didn't lose to the Deities in William's entourage.

"We greet you, Dark Prince," one of the ladies said before giving William a brief nod. "We welcome you to Hyperborea. My name is Opsis, and these are my sisters, Loxos, and Hekaergos.

"We are the Nymphs that guard the Temple of Hyperborea. We are also the final trial you will face in the Dungeon of Apollon. Your arrival was written in the stars, so we already know your reason for coming, and have come to welcome you."

"You have come to welcome me?" William asked with an amused smile on his face. "You said that you already know my reason for coming. Does that mean that I can take the Dungeon of Apollon with me?"

"No," Loxos, the other maiden beside Opsis replied. "We came here to tell you that when you reach the last floor of the Dungeon, you will be facing the three of us in battle. Do you still wish to continue?"

William glanced at the three ladies before realizing what they were trying to say. At first, he didn't sense it immediately because they were suppressing it. But now, he realized that the three beauties in front of him were Pseudo-Gods.

Right now, he had four Pseudo-Gods by his side, so he had the advantage in numbers. However, as if reading his thoughts, the last of the three Nymphs, Hekaergos spoke.

"The Black Phoenix will not be allowed to enter the Dungeon," Hakaergos said. "We will not allow those that have been tainted by Darkness to set foot in our Domain."

William frowned because he didn't expect the three Nymphs to impose a rule on them.

.

"Is that also the reason behind why Sepheron didn't receive Boreas' trial?" William inquired.

The three Nymphs nodded their heads in unison.

"He is not qualified to take the trial or step foot inside the Dungeon," Loxos stated. "The only reason why we even allowed him to step foot in this temple was because he didn't break any rules. As such, we tolerated his existence."

Sepheron, who was clearly hated by the three Nymphs, pretended that he didn't understand what they were talking about and just stared in the distance. Although his strength would significantly decrease without the Black Phoenix helping him clear the dungeon, the Half-Elf still thought that the battle was fair if it was 3 vs 3.

He was also curious to see what kind of abilities the three Pseudo-Gods had. He still had the capacity to make a contract with one more Pseudo=God. Because of this, he wanted to know who among the three Nymphs was the best, so that he could form a contract with her after he had conquered the Dungeon of Apollon.

"Now, please, enter the Dungeon," Opsis stated. "We will wait for you on the highest floor. Goodluck, Dark Prince, don't make us wait too long."

Opsis smiled before she and the two Nymphs by her side disappeared. Her words carried a trace of ridicule, as if she was taunting William to climb the dungeon as fast as he could in order to meet them.

The Half-Elf took Opsis' words as a declaration of war, so he immediately ordered for Astrape, Bronte, and Titania to enter the dungeon with him.

He was curious to see just how long the Nymph would ridicule him after he faced her in battle.