Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1186 Please Be Gentle.lt ls My FirstTime

(Disclaimer: You guys got pranked with the title. :P )

"I see. So, this is what they meant when they said good luck," William muttered as he looked at the first floor of the Dungeon of Apollon with contempt.

The Half-Elf then raised his head to look above him.

On the highest platform of the Garden of Apollon, the three Nymphs were looking down on him with ridiculing smiles on their faces.

"The three of you better wash your necks," William declared. "When I get up there, I promise that I'll give the three of you a beating."

"That is a Big IF, Dark Prince," Opsis replied. "Get up here first then we'll talk. All I hear from up here is the whining of a loser."

"You wench!" Astrape shouted. "How dare you talk to my Master that way?!"

Before Astrape could say more words, William raised his hand, signaling her to back down. The Lightning Deity held back her words as she glared at the three Nymphs in contempt.

"Let's get this over with," William said as he took a step forward. However, just as he took that one step, a beam was shot from the top of the Dungeon, which bounced off its walls.

The black-haired teenager was forced to take a step back just before the beam hit the place where he had stepped, creating an ice pillar.

"Shameless!" Bronte said through gritted teeth. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"Very shameless, but effective," Titania commented from the side.

The Dungeon of Apollon was just a tall tower with several platforms that could be considered as floors.

There was a wide open space at the center of it, which allowed the challengers to gaze at the highest floating platform where the Nymphs were staying.

From that platform, the Nymphs could freely attack the challengers, while dealing with the monsters and traps that were placed all around the dungeon.

The annoying part was that they couldn't fly directly to where the Nymphs were, because there was an invisible layer that prevented them from doing so.

There was one more problem. The attacks of the Nymphs bounced off the walls and instantly reappeared where they wanted them to go, making evasion very difficult. Simply put, the Nymphs could attack them anytime, anywhere, using their blindspots.

However, as long as they managed to step into the Safe Zone, the Nymphs were unable to target them, which allowed them to take a breather.

Right now, William and his subordinates were in the Safe Zone of the first floor. They still had half a platform to cross before they could reach the next platform which would bring them to the second floor.

"Master, what are we going to do?" Bronte asked. "I can probably take a few hits myself, but if the three of them were to attack me at the same time, I would find it very difficult to defend against them."

William closed his eyes as he pondered their next move. Even if his subordinates were to shield him along the way, they would still be eliminated before he reached the 50th Floor. When that happened, he would have to defend himself against the three Pseudo-God's attacks, in addition to all the monsters and other traps, without aid, which would lead to him being eliminated as well.

"If only we could break past the walls, we might have a way to reach the top unscathed," Titania commented.

"Break?" William muttered as he opened his eyes. "Let's give it a try."

William rested his hands on the wall of the Safezone in front of him. He then channeled his flames of corruption, alongside his Rulebreaker ability, to forcefully take over the first floor of the dungeon.

Little by little, the flames spread throughout the surroundings of the first floor. None of the monsters were hurt because he didn't target any of them. What he was doing was slowly corrupting the dungeon, one square meter at a time.

"I-Impossible!" one of the Nymphs, Loxos, gasped in disbelief. "He is trying to conquer the Dungeon by corrupting it!"

Opsis and Hekaergos also realized what William was doing. Although it was slow, his method was slowly enveloping the entirety off the first floor of the dungeon with the power of Darkness.

An hour later, the entire first floor was under the black-haired teenager's control, which made the three Nymphs lose their composure.

William then removed his hands from the wall and panted.

"That was harder than I thought," William said after he regained his composure. "Bronte, come I need your blood."

"Yes, Master," Bronte stepped forward as she brushed her hair away from her neck to allow her Master to drink her blood.

William didn't hesitate to drink as much as he needed, until he recovered his strength. Bronte was a Pseudo-God, and her blood allowed William to corrupt two more floors in a span of an hour.

The three Nymphs could only watch helplessly because their attacks failed to reach their targets because they were standing in the safe zone.

The black-haired teenager was using the rules of the Dungeons, which the three Nymphs were proud of, to fight against them without even moving from where he was.

After Bronte, it was now Astrape's turn to offer her blood to William. An hour later, two more floors were corrupted, raising the number of floors to five.

"Please, be gentle," Titania said as she hugged the Half-Elf. "It is my first time."

This was the first time that William was going to drink Titania's blood because the black-haired teenager had refrained from doing so.

The Fairy Queen, who looked like someone in her early twenties was an otherworldly beauty, and William had, on more than one occasion, fought the urge to make love to her.

However, right now, he didn't have the leeway to appreciate her beauty and charm because there was only one thing on his mind, and that was to make the three Nymphs, who had ridiculed him, kneel and beg for mercy.

Titania's legs gave way after William finished drinking his fill of her blood. The Fairy Queen's face was flushed after she had experienced the bitter-sweet-euphoria that washed over her body the moment William's fangs sank on her delicate neck.

Now she finally understood why Astrape, and Bronte, eagerly awaited their turn to have William drink their blood.

Even she, a Pseudo-God, whose resistance was far above that of an ordinary mortal, couldn't help but be addicted to the sensation that she had just experienced.

The Half-Elf didn't even bother to spare her a glance as he focused on corrupting the Dungeon, one floor at a time.

Two hours later, the number of floors that William had brought under his control were nine, making the three Nymphs feel as if a cold, sharp, blade was pressed against the back of their necks.