Chapter 1187 A Man of Character

"Shameless! If you are a man, challenge this dungeon fair and square!"

"That's right! What kind of Dungeon Conqueror are you? You should be called the Shameless Conqueror!"

"If you continue like this, you won't be popular with the ladies, you know?"

The Three Nymphs started to nag at William from the highest platform of the Dungeon of Apollon. Earlier, the three of them were taunting William because he and his group couldn't even take a step outside of the Safe Zone without receiving their attacks from their blindspots.

But now, they were like crazed cats whose tails had been stepped on, as they asked William to challenge the Dungeon fair and square, while they were the ones that were playing dirty tricks from the very beginning.

William turned a deaf ear to the three Nymphs that had lost their composure. After several hours, he managed to conquer twenty five floors in total before he called it a day.

He didn't think that conquering a Dungeon in this manner was possible. However, it took a lot of effort on his part to do so. If the three Nymphs didn't attack him or his subordinates, they might have already breezed their way up to the 50th Floor by now.

However, since the three Nymphs were playing dirty, he didn't have a choice, but to use a roundabout method to bypass their petty tricks.

Astrape, Bronte, and Titania had pale faces due to the loss of blood, but all three of them had satisfied looks on their faces as they laid down on the Dragon Emperor Size Bed that was capable of holding twenty people at a time.

This was the bed that William had installed inside his room, because the other beds were not big enough to hold him and his wives, whenever they all decided to sleep together.

The three Deities had already drunk a high quality Rejuvenation Potion, but the effect wasn't an instant one. It would take the potion a few hours to replenish the three Deities' strength because of their rank, so William decided to let them rest for the time being.

The black-haired teenager laid down in the center with Astrape and Titania hugging his arms on either side. Bronte, on the other hand, was hugging her sister, as she hugged William.

He made sure he cast a soundproof barrier around them, so that the noisy Nymphs couldn't disturb their sleep.

An hour later, even the Half-Elf fell asleep due to how tired he was.

—--

Day 2 inside the Dungeon of Apollon…

"Bastard! I challenge you to climb this tower all by yourself. Do you dare accept my challenge?!"

"What Dark Prince? From now on, you are the Shameless Prince! If I was your mother, I would have definitely cursed myself for giving birth to such a shameless child!.Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"Hmph! What a weakling. Only hiding under the skirts of girls and can't even man up? You've failed as a Human being!"

When that day was over, William had managed to corrupt the Dungeon up to the 50th Floor.

—--

Day 3 inside the Dungeon of Apollon…

"Hey, how about you climb the tower the normal way? We promise that we won't attack you anymore."

"That's right. It was just a misunderstanding earlier. All of us are civil beings. We can always talk things out, you know?"

"When I first saw you, I knew that you were a man of character. As expected, no ordinary person can be the Dark Prince!"

When that day was over, William had managed to corrupt the Dungeon up to the 70th Floor.

—--

Day 4 inside the Dungeon of Apollon…

"Such an amazing person. You sure have fortitude and endurance. Truly the makings of a great hero!"

"I agree! Look at how devilishly handsome he is. If I was her mother, I would have praised the Gods for allowing me to give birth to such a handsome son!"

"I've seen a lot of Humans, but you are the best by far. How about you and I get to know each other a little better?"

When that day was over, William had managed to corrupt the Dungeon up to the 80th Floor.

—--

Day 5 inside the Dungeon of Apollon…

"..."

"..."

"..."

When that day was over, William had managed to corrupt the Dungeon up to the 90th Floor.

—-

Day 6 inside the Dungeon of Apollon…

The Nymphs had long given up on trying to talk to William and just prepared for the upcoming battle with him.

Due to Boreas' Trial, no creature had managed to step foot inside the Dungeon of Apollon. Even if they did manage to arrive, they would have instantly been defeated and turned into ice sculptures by the Nymphs who guarded it zealously.

William had finally been able to corrupt the Dungeon up to the 99th Floor, which only left the final platform where the three Nymphs were located.

The Half-Elf didn't challenge them right away, but ordered his subordinates to rest. Right now, the three Deities were in no condition to fight because of the loss of blood. Although William had sparingly drank after the first day, it still took a toll on their bodies, even with the help of the high-quality Rejuvenation Potions.

William allowed the three Deities to rest for a few days, to ensure that they regained the ability to fight. The Half-Elf knew that if Astrape, Bronte, and Titania weren't in peak condition, their progress in the Dungeon would all be for naught.

This was why he allowed them to rest, and consume potions, while ignoring the three Nymphs who had grown silent the past few days.

Finally, on the tenth day since William entered the Dungeon, the three Deities finally recovered their full strength and were ready to fight against the three Nymphs who had annoyed them from the beginning.

When William and his entourage stepped onto the flying platform, they were greeted by a bombardment of spells, which heralded the final battle against the three Nymphs that had guarded Hyperborea since the day of its inception.