Chapter 1188 Dungeon Conqueror's Cheat [Part1]

Without any warning, the three Nymphs unleashed their attacks at William and his subordinates.

The Half-Elf had already anticipated this and warned Astrape, Bronte, and Titania beforehand. Although their enemy took the initiative, they were able to block the attacks because they came prepared.

However, it didn't take long for William and his subordinates to realize that the three Nymphs weren't going to be easy.

Opis, who was at the back of the formation of the three Nymphs unleashed several arrows without care if they hit or not. The Nymph who specialized in aiming, fired five arrows every second without stopping.

Loxos, who stood in front of her, made subtle gestures which caused the arrows that missed their targets to change their trajectories as if they were bouncing off an invisible wall, making sharp turns and curves that were normally impossible to do.

The Nymph, Loxos, specialized in trajectory. As long as she could sense her opponents, Opis' arrows would always find their target, even if they were able to dodge the initial attack.

The last Nymph, Hekaergos, specialized in distance. No matter how far away the targets were, or how fast they were moving, she would be able to mark them and allow Loxos to set their trajectories without fail.

William frowned because their enemy's teamwork was on a different level. There were no blindspots that he could exploit. Even Astrape and him, who could practically move at the speed of a lightning bolt would always find themselves facing a deadly arrow that was jam packed with the three Nymphs combined Divinities.

The Half-Elf also realized that the longer the battle progressed, the more disadvantageous it became for them. Titania had already focused on deflecting the arrows that were targeted at her and William.

Although the three Nymphs tried to disguise their attacks, the majority of the arrows targeted William, which forced the Fairy Queen to focus entirely on defense.

Astrape and Bronte were doing their best to close the distance between them and the Nymphs, but their opponent specialized in long distance warfare.

The three Nymphs flew away as they continued to pummel the invaders of their Domain with attacks that left no room for error.

'These girls are tougher than I thought they would be,' William thought as he pondered a way to reverse their current situation.

With Titania focused solely on protecting him and herself, the one-on-one scenario that he thought up at the beginning fell apart.

Astrape and Bronte, who were tasked with the role of attacking, were unable to close the gap between them and their enemies, making the situation worse with each passing minute. In the end, William was forced to order a retreat as they descended on the safe zone of the 99th Floor to rethink their strategy.

"Hahaha! Is that all?" Opis taunted. "I was expecting more from you, Dark Prince."

"Hmph! Just because you conquered the lower floors doesn't mean that you've won," Loxos sneered. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Hekaergos didn't say anything and simply stared at William with a serious expression on her face. After what had happened a few days ago, she no longer underestimated her opponent and was worried that the Half-Elf would be able to think of a way to defeat their strategy.

William sat cross legged on the safe zone as he and his subordinates discussed the battle that had just transpired.

Astrape, Bronte, and Titania were quite frustrated because, just like William, they thought that they would be fighting the Nymphs one-on-one. They never thought that their enemies' abilities perfectly complemented each other, forcing them to endure their barrage without managing to successfully pull off a counterattack even once.

'I hate to admit it, but they are strong,' William said via telepathy to prevent their enemies from listening to their conversation. 'We need to change our strategy in how we fight against them.'

'I agree,' Titania replied. 'We can't beat them because their teamwork is out of our league. We need to compensate for the lack of coordination between our attacks."

'There is also one thing I discovered during the battle,' Astrape commented. 'Although I am in my peak condition, I was unable to unleash my full power. It was as if the last floor had some kind of restriction that limits our strength.'

Bronte nodded in agreement. 'I noticed this, too. Although the decrease in strength isn't that big, it still feels uncomfortable not to be able to go all out.'

William rubbed his chin as he took in the observation of his subordinates. He also noticed the decrease in their fighting strength, but with the help of Optimus' calculation, they managed to gather enough data to prove that their strength had decreased by 10%.

It wasn't much of a decrease, but that was still enough for the Nymphs to gain a subtle advantage over his subordinates.

After discussing with Optimus, the System gathered the information about the Dungeon Conqueror Job Class and found a loophole that they could exploit. Although this hadn't been tested in the past, and no records of it was found in the continent, Optimus believed that all Dungeon Conquerors had this innate ability.

< My guess is that none of the Dungeon Conquerors revealed this secret to the public, which is why no one knew that this possibility existed. >

'Only a fool would expose this,' William replied. 'Although it is unfounded, it is worth a try.'

After letting his subordinates drink a rejuvenation potion and rest for an hour, they once again entered the 100th Floor and engaged in battle against the Nymphs.

Just like what happened earlier, Titania focused on defending William, while Astrape and Bronte were busy trying to attack the Nymphs using their long distance attacks.

William observed the battle from where he stood, but that was only a cover of what he was trying to do. With Optimus working with him, the two were busy trying to locate the key that would allow them to gain victory over the Nymphs who were nearly untouchable.