Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1191 Sweet Surrender [Part 1]

Chloee sighed as she closed the door on William's room.

After seeing Aila's outburst earlier, she decided to leave and guard the door to prevent anyone from interrupting the two as they had a serious talk with each other.

—-

"Are you sure about this?" William asked. "You can still turn back."

"I'm tired of being the one who is being protected all the time," Princess Aila replied as she stared stubbornly at the black-haired teenager in front of her. "Now, it's my turn to protect others. It's my turn to protect you."

William closed his eyes. The next moment, he found himself standing within his Sea of Consciousness. Half of it was shrouded in darkness, while the other half had blue skies, and a sea that was crystal clear.

The two halves of William's soul stared at each other with helpless expressions on their faces.

"What should we do?" the black-haired teenager asked his other half. "Are we really going to accept her proposal?"

"You're the one that is currently in charge, so it's up to you to decide," the red-headed teenager replied.

"What do you feel about Aila?"

"Do you even need to ask? Both of us were there in the Trial of Boreas. You should know by now how you feel about her."

The black-haired teenager sighed as he crossed his arms over his chest.

"Once we do this, there is no turning back," William said with finality.

The red-headed teenager nodded his head. "I understand."

"So, we both agree?"

"Yes."

The black-haired teenager nodded. "Say, tell me, if you were in my place, would you have made the same decision?"

"I knew you were going to ask me this question," the red-headed teenager smirked. "Just like you, I would have done the same. However, I just want to say one thing to you."

"And that is?"

"Do the right thing."

The black-haired teenager snorted at his goody-two-shoes half who was giving him a teasing smile.

"Let's do this together. No tricks."

"Fine."

—--

(Disclaimer: Slight R-18 scenes past this point. If you are not comfortable in reading this. Please skip the rest of the chapter). Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

When William opened his eyes, he felt something soft pressing against his lips. He didn't resist it and held the soft, and delicate body of the woman who had decided to sacrifice herself for his sake.

After the kiss ended, the Half-Elf stared at the angelic beauty in front of him and pressed her hand over his chest.

"Let's do this properly," William stated. "Come with me."

Princess Aila nodded and allowed William to take her to the bathroom. Once they were inside, the Half-Elf kissed the princess' lips, as his hands gently took off her robe, and let it fall down at her feet.

A blush crept on the angelic beauty's face, when William stared at her beautiful body, after he had removed her undergarments.

"If the second son of the Chieftain of the Kyrintor Mountains could see you now, he would probably die of regret for not being able to marry you," William teased, making the redness in the Princess' face turn a shade redder.

In the past, Princess Aila was supposed to marry into the Northern Tribes in order to create an alliance between them and the Dynasty that was planning to invade the Hellan Kingdom.

William got in their way and kept the marriage from happening.

What the Half-Elf didn't know was that Princess Aila had long felt indebted to him, and wanted to return the favor by learning how to wield Life Magic effectively, in order to help him in the future.

She just didn't expect that the help that the Half-Elf needed would require her to offer herself to him, in order to save his life.

The angelic beauty shuddered when the cold water fell on her body. However, William's hands, which were hot, made sure that her every nook and cranny was washed properly.

It didn't take long before the two soaked inside the bathtub, facing each other. The Half-Elf's hands fondled her soft curves, forcing the princess to close her lips to prevent herself from letting out a sound.

William felt reinvigorated by simply touching the angelic beauty's body because she was simply a vessel for Life Magic.

As he touched her, he could feel his body naturally absorbing the power inside her in small quantities. This was enough to stabilize his soul for the time being, as he prepared the beauty in his arms for what was about to come.

The next moment, a gasp of pleasure escaped Princess Aila's lips after William's naughty hand brought her to climax, the Half-Elf knew that she was now fully ready to accept him.

Carrying her in a princess carry, and using his magic to dry both of their bodies. The black-haired teenager took her to the bedroom.

There, he laid her down on the bed and kissed her lips once again.

Princess Aila liked William's kisses. She liked them so much that whenever their lips parted, she would feel a longing inside her heart, waiting for the next time he would press his cold, and devilish, lips over hers.

She didn't know if William was doing it on purpose, but everytime they kissed, she felt as if he wanted to corrupt her, but was holding himself back.

The thought of being tainted by the devilishly handsome man, whose strong and lean body was holding hers, made her innocent heart tremble.

The Half-Elf then used his hand to lightly knead her well shaped breasts, which had never been touched by any man in the past. Her pink tips responded to his touch, and enticed the Half-Elf to pay attention to them as well.

The angelic princess' body shuddered the moment William lightly bit her breast, drawing blood.

Immediately, a euphoric sensation invaded her senses, making her mind turn completely blank for a few seconds.

Princess Aila subconsciously held the back of William's head as she offered herself fully in sweet surrender.

In return, William enjoyed her offering as his right hand moved downwards to tease the gates of her garden, which were eagerly waiting to part for his seed, love, and affection.