Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1192 Sweet Surrender [Part 2]

[Disclaimer: R-18 scenes. If you are not comfortable with this, feel free to skip this chapter]

—------

Princess Aila's sweet sighs reverberated inside the room, as William's soft caress and gentle kisses made the angelic beauty shudder under his touch.

"Will… I can't take it anymore," Princess Aila pleaded. "Please…"

William licked the blood that streamed down on Aila's tender breast before kissing the mark to completely heal it. He then raised his head to look at the beautiful Princess whose lips moved as if they were inviting him to kiss them.

"You love kissing, don't you?" William asked as he kissed her forehead.

"I don't know if I love kissing or not," Princess Aila replied as she cupped William's face. "What I do know is that I love kissing you."

"Isn't that the same thing?"

"Perhaps."

William pressed his lips over Aila's soft lips and inserted his tongue inside her mouth. To his surprise, Aila's tongue eagerly intertwined with his, as if she had been longing for his kiss.

'Perhaps, this is the side-effect of drinking her blood,' William thought.

He knew that whenever he bit someone to drink their blood, they were filled with a sense of Euphoria, which made their bodies hot, and sensitive to his touch. This was why when he drank Opis' and Loxos' blood, he made sure to take his time and drink their blood as slowly as possible.

The two Nymphs, who had never been touched by a man, weren't prepared to face such a prolonged sense of pleasure, which turned their brains to mush. By the time William was done with them, the two had already lost consciousness with their tongues lolling out of their mouths.

He could feel the heat coming off of Princess Aila's body, as well as her Life Magic that made him feel very comfortable.

As he kissed her, William's right hand was busy caressing her other lips, which were now creating wet sounds due to his insistent touch.

Aila's body trembled as she reached her second climax.Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

The black-haired teenager allowed her to catch her breath, while looking at her young, angelic body, which seemed to be radiating a faint light.

"Aila, I'm going to take it now," William said softly. "This is your last chance to turn back."

Aila's face was flushed from the aftermath of the climax she had just experienced. However, she was still able to think clearly, and reached out to hold William's hand.

"I already made my choice," Princess Aila replied. "All I ask is that you do it gently."

William nodded as he lightly squeezed Aila's hand, before parting her legs.

The angelic princess looked at the man who was about to make her his woman with tender eyes. She didn't know if William would lose control of himself and corrupt her after they made love. But, she was not afraid.

Princess Aila knew that even if she was corrupted with Darkness, William wouldn't treat her as a slave.

A moment later, a gasp escaped her lips as William lowered his hips to and took away her chastity.

Due to how wet she was, Willam's member managed to reach deep inside her until it kissed the entrance of her womb.

Suddenly, William felt a strong surge of power enter his body. It was none other than Princess Aila's Life Magic, which she had gathered in her womb.

It was the place where life was born, and where the angelic beauty's' Life Magic reserves were stored.

Princess Aila was like a treasure chest that was waiting for someone to take the treasures that she kept inside her. That person was none other than William, who held the key to unlock her most precious treasure.

'This is so much,' William thought as Princess Aila's Life Magic nourished every part of his body, as well as his soul.

It felt so comfortable that he had almost forgotten that he was in the middle of making love with her.

After taking hold of his senses, he moved his hips slowly at first, until Princess Aila got used to it before increasing his pace.

Soon, Aila's sighs of pleasure, as well as the sound of their bodies joining could be heard inside the room.

In truth, the Princess was slowly starting to feel weak because William was absorbing all the power inside her body. The black-haired teenager noticed this too because he could feel the magic in her body decrease at a rapid rate.

Even so, that didn't stop the two from making love with each other. Slowly but surely, something strong was building up inside Princess Aila's body, which made her feel fearful. This was the first time she was feeling something like this, and the pleasure was so strong that she was afraid that she would faint the moment she reached her third climax.

William could also feel that he was reaching his limit. Just as he was about to release his seed inside her, a strong urge to corrupt her took hold of his mind.

At that exact moment, the gem embedded in his chest glowed faintly, erasing the dark thoughts that had taken hold of his body.

The next second, the black-haired teenager's body shuddered as he released his essence directly into Princess Aila's chaste womb, which made the angelic beauty's body arched upwards.

The princess' mind turned blank as her body twitched a few times before it lay motionless on the bed. Her climax was so strong, that even though she was unconscious, her body was still reacting to the aftermath.

When the last drop of William's seed was released inside her, a pink crest appeared on her lower abdomen.

This was the proof that the Princess had been conquered by William, allowing him to take her Life Magic from her at any given time, even though they were far apart.

Originally, the plan was to take two-thirds of her Life Magic in order to stabilize his soul.

But after sensing how weak Princess Aila was becoming as he drained her power, William decided to take the alternative route, and simply used a method, so that he could extract Life Magic from her gradually, instead of taking everything from her.

This method would allow the Princess to replenish her magic reserves safely.

Right now, William had absorbed a third of the angelic beauty's life magic, stabilizing his soul, and preventing it from collapsing.

When William pulled out after their union, his seed, mixed with the blood of Princess Aila's chastity, flowed into the white sheets. As the Half-Elf looked at the unconscious Princess, whose body was glistening with sweat, his heart stirred because he understood that the angelic beauty lying in front of him was now his woman.

William kissed Princess Aila's cheeks before hugging her soft, and delicate body.

"I will take responsibility," William whispered in Princess Aila's ear. "Thank you, Aila."

Just like Chloee, and Charmaine, he had already decided to make the angelic Princess his concubine. After kissing Aila's lips for the last time, William also closed his eyes to sleep. Although his soul had stabilized, he needed to rest in order to adjust to his newfound strength, which was given to him by the beauty in his arms, unaware that after he returned to the Silvermoon Continent, a surprise would be waiting for him.