Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1193 l Think l Got Addicted To Kissing You

—---

When Princess Aila opened her eyes, she found herself being held in a warm embrace.

As she turned her head to the side, she saw the black-haired teenager sleeping peacefully beside her.

Recollections of what happened a few hours ago flashed inside her head, making her face blush in embarrassment.

'That's right, I surrendered myself to him,' Princess Aila thought as she closed her eyes to inspect William's body.

Since the Half-Elf was hugging her, she was able to immediately check his condition through skin contact. The Princess sighed in relief after checking that William's soul had stabilized after their union.

She could even feel the faint traces of her life magic, wrapping his soul in a protective shell, holding it firmly in place.

For some reason, she felt a sense of pride that she was able to help the young man, who had made her a woman, just a few hours ago. It had always been William who was helping her. Now, she managed to return the favor that had accumulated over the years.

'I'm glad that you're fine.' Princess Aila moved her head close to the Half-Elf and kissed his forehead. 'A world without you, is a world without color.'

She wasn't afraid about waking up the black-haired teenager because the latter wouldn't be waking up anytime soon. Princes Aila knew that William had entered a form of hibernation, so that his soul could fully recover from the trauma that it had experienced.

Although she was reluctant, she still gently pried away the hands that held her in place. After propping herself up, she looked at the aftermath of their lovemaking and once again blushed in embarrassment.

William's seed had overflowed from her nether lips, and pooled on the white sheets, staining it with their combined colors. The traces of red that could be seen here and there reminded her of the unbelievable pleasure that she was subjected to.

Her eyes then moved to William's lower half, and was surprised to see that it was still lively, as if waiting for the chance to do another round.

'Unbelievable,' Princess Aila thought as she gazed at the thing that had taken her maidenhood from her. 'Are all boys like this after making love?'

The angelic beauty had no one to compare this situation to because Wiliam was her first man.

After a while, she decided that she should make the Half-Elf as comfortable as possible.

The first thing that Princess Aila did was wave her hand to clean the mess that was left after their union. A few seconds later, the sheets had returned to their pristine white, leaving no evidence of the events that happened a few hours ago.

The next thing she planned was to carry William's body to the bathroom. Originally, she thought that she needed to drag him there. But, when she lifted his body, she was surprised to discover that she could carry him easily.

Although he wasn't as light as a feather, his weight was just right. Not too heavy, and not too light.

Princess Aila could easily clean William using her Life Magic, but for some reason, she wanted to experience what it was like to wash him with her own hands, just like what he did to her last night.

William's body had now become warm, unlike the past where his touch was as cold as ice. The angelic beauty didn't know if this was a side-effect of her Life Magic or not, but the changes in his body were a big check in her book.

'How do I wash this thing?' Princess Aila thought as she stared at Little William, who was standing tall and proud. It was as if he was challenging the Princess to go two-hundred rounds with it, non-stop.

In the end, the princess just used her soft, and delicate hands to gently caress and clean the little guy, who twitched under her touch.

When everything was over, she took William to soak in the bathtub, while she washed herself.

A few minutes later, she joined him in the water and held him tight.

'You know, I can't help but feel jealous of Belle,' Princess Aila said. 'I can tell from my memories that you treasure her so much, even though the two of you are worlds apart. Sometimes, I want to return this memory to you, so that you won't look cold and unfeeling. But, since you told me that doing so would be dangerous, I will keep these precious memories in my heart, until the day you have once again embraced the light.'

Princess Aila kissed William's lips for a few seconds.

'I think I got addicted to kissing you,' Princess Aila thought. 'Just as I got addicted to taking your memories in the past. Also, I discovered something interesting…'

Princess Aila held the back of William's neck as she propped herself, kneeling on the bathtub. Aila moved her breast closer to William's lips, and the latter reacted by parting his lips to allow the hard, and rosy tip to enter his mouth.

A moment later, William started to suckle like a baby, which made the angelic beauty giggle.

"Since you like milk that much, I'll give it to you," Princess Aila said softly.

Her power was Life Magic, and anything that had the ability to nourish life was under her domain. A few seconds later, breastmilk entered William's lips.

'It's a pity that you're still asleep,' Princess Aila mused. 'If this was me a day ago, I'd probably faint from embarrassment if you were to ask me to do this for you. But now, I feel like I am able to do something that your other lovers couldn't do.

After her maidenhood and a third of her Life Magic was taken away from her, Princess Aila felt as if she had been liberated. She was now willing to try new things, and she felt that she gained more confidence as a woman.

'Okay, that's enough for now,' Princess Aila said as she pulled her breast out of the mouth of the big baby that was still eager for more.

Just as she was about to carry the Half-Elf back to the bedroom, the latter's eyes opened.

"You've become bold, Aila," William said as he looked at the Princess whose face had turned completely red from shock and embarrassment.

Aila jumped back and turned to flee, but before she could even jump out of the bathtub to run towards the bedroom, the Half-Elf's strong arms wrapped around her body, holding her in place.

"W-Will, I'm sorry," Princess Aila stuttered as she did her best to look down. "I got carried away."

"Yes. you got carried away," William agreed. "But, I don't dislike this new you."

"E-Eh? You don't think it is weird?"

"No. Not at all, in fact…"

William lightly squeezed Aila's breast, allowing a few drops of breastmilk to come out from her pink tips.

"I'd prefer if you let me drink this from time to time," William added. "You will let me drink it, right?"

"... Un."

"Good," William said as he stopped squeezing the angelic beauty's breast, and made her turn around to face him. "I said this when you were asleep, but I'll say it again. Thank you, Aila."

William kissed her lips for a few seconds before pulling back.

"I will take responsibility," William said. "From this day onwards, you are now my woman. Do you understand?"Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Princess Aila teared up after hearing William's words. When she helped him, she wasn't expecting anything in return. She even thought that this was only going to be a one time thing, and the Half-Elf wouldn't disturb her ever again.

"Why are you crying?" William asked as he wiped the tears that were falling down from her face. "You don't want me to take responsibility?"

"I want!"

"Good."

William smiled and carried the angelic beauty back to the bedroom and made love with her again. Only when the sun was at its Zenith did the two finally stop, and re-emerge from the room while holding each other's hands.

Chloee, who had stood on guard the entire time, gave William a look of injustice. Even so, seeing that the person she loved was now no longer in danger from going berserk made her happy.

"So, is Aila now your new concubine?" Chloee asked as she gazed at the angelic Princess, whose face had turned beet red.

"Yes," William replied. "Please, get along with her, Chloee."

"Okay, on one condition."

"Condition?"

Chloee whispered something in William's ear, which made the latter give her a gaze of "Are you for real?"

As a succubus, it was very easy for her to see such things, and she felt jealous because William still hadn't given her a similar mark, despite staining her soul with darkness.

However, seeing that Chloee wasn't backing down, the Half-Elf agreed to her request. The succubus had noticed the change that had come over Princess Aila's body, as well as the pink crest that had turned invisible.

"I'll do it with you tonight, okay?" William stated. "First, we will return to the Sacred Grove. We have been away from the Elven Capital for a long time. I just hope that nothing unexpected has happened while we are gone."

Chloee nodded her head in understanding. All communications had been cut off the moment they arrived inside the Forbidden Ground, so no news about the Silvermoon Continent reached them.

Now that the Half-Elf had added three additional Pseudo-Gods in his arsenal, those who dared to underestimate him would find themselves in a world of pain.