Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1195 William's Long Desired Mobile Fortress

"You don't have to worry about the High-Priestess. She is treated like a Princess," Superbia said. "Not even Felix dares to come near her in fear that he would suffer Ahriman's Wrath."

"That's good to hear," William replied. He had been quite worried about Eve's condition, so this was the first thing he inquired about after the two ladies had been served some tea and desserts by a grumpy Charmaine.

"Still, we didn't expect to find that you had put the entirety of the Silvermoon Continent under your thumb," Invidia commented after taking a sip of her tea. "Color me surprised. Compared to that degenerate, you're quite promising."

William ignored Invidia and continued to ask Superbia questions, treating the Sin of Envy like air. This in turn made the lady with short-green hair resent him.

Superbia could tell that William was doing this on purpose. Perhaps, the black-haired teenager found the teasing of her friend interesting, so he decided to purposely ignore her.

Because of this, Superbia stopped answering the Half-Elf's question and only looked at him with a sweet smile, that was enough to rot someone's teeth.

The black-haired teenager understood what Superbia was doing, so he gave the green-haired demon a side-long glance before standing up and leaving the room.

William understood that the two had come to seek asylum under him, so he was the one that had the advantage. For the time being, he decided to leave them hanging, and let his mother handle the rest.

Although he still had more questions to ask, he needed to make the two ladies understand that the one that needed him was them, and he didn't need them.

Superbia, who saw William's actions, shook her head helplessly.

'This person is indeed worthy of being the Dark Prince,' Superbia thought. 'Since he has the upper hand, he's decided to make us meet him on his own terms, and not the other way around. What a troublesome fellow.'

Invidia, who didn't know what her friend was thinking, just focused on eating, drinking, and chatting with Arwen. Since they had been penpals for a long time, they had plenty to talk about with each other.

—-

"Lilith, I need to talk to you about something," William said as he lightly tapped his earring, whose pair was on the Amazon Princess who was currently in the Tower of Babylon.

"Will? What's wrong?" Lilith's familiar voice reached him even though the distance between them was vast. "The Central Continent is in turmoil right now. Did you finish conquering Hyperborea?"

Even though they were far apart, William and Lilith would often talk to each other in order to exchange information. Since Lilith was in the Tower of Babylon, she was able to gather all the news from the continent through the City of Babylon that spread around the tower.

"I have conquered Hyperborea, and increased my forces once again," William stated. "However, I called you for a different reason. Superbia and Invidia are currently here in the Silvermoon Continent, and chatting with my mother. What can you tell me about them?"

"Oh, those two?? All I can say is that Invidia is like a honey badger that will attack anyone with words if they provoked her," Lilith answered. "Superbia, well, surprisingly that girl is quite level-headed. She's probably the smartest among all of us, and her fighting ability is nothing to scoff at. Most of us think of her as the de facto leader of the Deadly Sins."

"I see."

"What happened? Why are the two of them there? Did they come to spy on you? Will, even though they are my sisters, if the two of them are a threat to you, feel free to Jam it in."

William blinked because he thought that he had misheard his fiance's words. However, in order to change the subject, he no longer wanted to continue the discussion and asked her a few more questions relating to the Central Continent.

"As you expected, the Holy Order seems to be holding back its forces," Lilith reported. "It seems that they just focused on containment and not eradication. The excuse that they are giving is that the civilians are innocent, and the armies of the various conquered Kingdoms are under enslavement magic.

"They don't want to needlessly spill the blood of Humans, and only want to kill the Demons responsible for everyone's suffering."

William snorted. "The Pope will regret her decision later. If things continue like this, the unity of the alliance will break, and all of them will just focus on defending their own kingdoms. When this happens, they will just be easy pickings for the Demon Race, who have the backing of Pseudo-Gods."

Lilith became silent before she spoke her worries.

"Will, do you think the Tower of Babylon is safe? What if they decide to attack here."

"You have nothing to worry about. They will be making a big mistake if they poked the hornet's nest. Ahriman is not stupid. The moment his army marches towards the Tower, will be the moment they will all be erased from the face of the world."

Lilith didn't know why William sounded so confident, but decided to trust him for the time being.

"Aside from Superbia and Invidia, has anything else happened in the Silvermoon Continent?" Lilith asked.

William paused for a brief moment before answering her question.

"Aila is now my concubine," William answered. "Also, I will be challenging Atlantis in a few days. After that, I will mobilize all the forces of the Silvermoon Continent to head towards the Central Continent."

"Hah… I knew that Aila would become one of your lovers sooner or later, so that doesn't come as a surprise," Lilith commented. "However, the dungeon of Atlantis' final floor is very dangerous. Are you now confident that you can win?"

"I have at least a 60% chance of success," William replied. "With my current forces, I am confident that I will be able to subdue the Pseudo-God that guards the final floor."

Lilith fell silent when he heard Willliam's confident voice. She missed him terribly, but her Patron Goddess had told her to stay away from him for the time being because he might corrupt her soul.

William also didn't want that to happen, so when Lilith said that she would stay on the Floor of Asgard, he agreed to her request and left her behind.

"It's finally come to this," Lilith said after a few minutes had passed. "Will, be careful. I will be waiting for your triumphant return to the Central Continent."Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

"Wait for me, Lilith. I will be there soon."

"Mmm."

After their talk ended, William returned to the Thousand Beast Domain to make his final preparations.

The Dungeon of Atlantis was the first hundred-floor-dungeon that he had encountered. It was hidden under the ocean and was constantly on the move while being guarded by the Demigod, Leviathan.

However, what Wiliam didn't know was that Leviathan was also a Pseudo-God. The Guardian Beast had just lowered its strength because its existence alone would destroy the ecosystem of the surrounding area as Atlantis traveled aimlessly in the deep, and dark, waters of the world.

"Thanks to Aila's power, I have enough strength to put one more Pseudo-God under my command," William muttered. "Atlantis. It's time for you to once again rise up to the surface, and show the world a power that has long been forgotten."

William had long wanted to have a mobile fortress like Avalon, but since it was under Malacai's command, he couldn't get it.

However, Atlantis was different. It was a city that could be controlled by the person that gained the recognition of Leviathan. Although he didn't know how he was going to be able to do that, he would worry about it once he had conquered the Dungeon of Atlantis first.

He didn't believe that with the combined might of eight Pseudo-Gods, he would be unable to wrest the city of Atlantis from Leviathan's grasp.