Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1198 Experiencing A Different Kind Of Torture

'Master, you seemed to be in a good mood,' Astrape said through telepathy as she zapped a Giant Squid who attempted to sneak attack William from behind.

'No. More like, he looks very refreshed,' Bronte commented. 'Did something good happen earlier?'

Titania, who was standing beside William and busy shredding the other Giant Squids with her thorny vines, chuckled.

'It must have something to do with the Sin of Envy,' Titania stated. 'After Master left the room, there was a faint smile on his face. He must have tortured her silly until she fainted.'

'But, according to their agreement, he is not allowed to torture that b*tch.'

'Maybe it was a different kind of torture? After all, Master said that he would drink her blood.'

'As if you don't know what happens when Master drinks someone's blood. If that girl's brain didn't turn to mush, I'm afraid that her entire body is like jelly right now.'

The three Deities chatted more about the things that William might have done to Invidia after making him angry.

They had entered the Dungeon of Atlantis an hour ago and were currently bulldozing their way on the 80th Floor with the assistance of the three Nymphs, Opis, Loxos, and Hekaergos.

Sepheron was also there, but he was just hovering in the sky and doing nothing. The Ladies forbade him from attacking because his attacks were mostly AOE in nature (Area of Effect), and might accidentally cause friendly fire if not used properly.

"Loxos and Hekaergos, let's do an experiment," William ordered. "Manipulate Sepheron's attacks like you do Opis' arrows."

"But, Master, I don't know if I am able to do it," Loxos replied.

After being subjected to William's blood sucking, she had become more obedient, and didn't dare to offend him anymore, in fear that she would be severely punished again like last time.

"I'm also not confident," Hekaergos interjected. "I'm afraid that I might not meet Master's expectations."

Hekaergos was spared from being bullied by William because of the way she held back her words during her battle with the black-haired teenager. Because of this, she was also spared from having her blood drunk by the Half-Elf who had made her two sisters very obedient to him.

"Just try it," William replied with a smile. "I won't punish the two of you if it doesn't work out."

Everyone who saw William's smile almost did a double take because they had never seen their Master smile like this. Most of the time, William would just smirk, sneer, or look like an edgy villain.

However, right now, his smile looked so friendly and, to a certain extent, innocent, which made the ladies look at him in a different light.

"O-Okay! I will do my best," Loxos replied. "B-But, if I perform well, can I ask for a reward later?"

"Okay," William agreed. "As long as I am able to do it then I will."

"It's a deal!" Loxos immediately focused on the task in hand because she was afraid that William might change his mind.

Astrape, Bronte, and Titania, felt that they had missed a good opportunity to ask for a reward from William. Clearly, the Half-Elf was in a very good mood since he was smiling, and even allowed Loxos to request a reward from him if she did well.

'''Just what happened earlier?'''

This was the collective thought of the three Deities who had been serving William for quite some time. Seeing the Half-Elf smile so freely made his good looks even more endearing, which also piqued the interest of the three ladies.Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

His smile, which was like a refreshing breeze that blew away the exhaustion in their bodies, made them want to see him smile like that everyday.

'When we return, let's ask Invidia about it,' Astrape stated 'Maybe she found a way to make Master happy. If we can replicate it, wouldn't that be great?'

'I agree.' Bronte agreed. 'I want Master to also smile at me.'

'The two of you are hopeless,' Titania commented. 'But, knowing it is good as well. I might be able to decrease the length of my contract with him.'

'Do you really want to decrease the length of your contract with Master?'

.

'I don't believe you. Last time, you were even telling us that you were fine extending the contract's term after Master drank your blood.'

'Nonsense. Of course I want my contract to decrease. The Nymphs will only serve him for a year, while I need to serve him for three years, isn't that unfair?'

Astrape and Bronte exchanged a glance before looking at the otherworldly beauty with smirk on their faces.

""None at all.""

William observed while Sepheron's black flames were manipulated by Loxos and guided by Hekaergos.

The youngest of the three Nymphs, Loxos, transformed the Phoenix's Dark Flames into dark arrows, which she was familiar with, and unleashed them the same way she did with Opis' arrows. After a while, both Nymphs got the hang of it and managed to transform Opis' and Sepheron's attacks into a continuous barrage of light and dark flaming arrows that fell on their targets like rain.

"Excellent," William commented.

He didn't hide the trace of satisfaction and praise in his voice, which made Loxos more motivated to do well.

With this, they were able to clear the 80th Floor in a short period of time, and proceeded to conquer the 81st Floor.

—--

Meanwhile, back inside the Sacred Grove…

"What happened to you?" Superbia asked in a worried tone as she lightly shook her friend who was lying on her bed with a depressed look on her face.

She didn't know what had happened after William had taken her friend to his Domain. All she knew was that the black-haired teenager had only returned Invidia to her room an hour ago and, since then, her friend was like a vegetable who couldn't even lift a finger.

William had given her a rejuvenation potion to recover her strength, but Invidia only regained the ability to talk and move after an hour had passed.

"I don't want to talk about it," Invidia replied as she buried her head under her blanket. "Just let me sleep. I'm so tired. That bastard wrung me dry."

"Wrung you dry?"

"Yes. I hate him."

Superbia sighed as she patted her friend's head.

"Just endure it for now," Superbia said. "Right now, we need his protection against Felix. If that pervert catches us, we'd probably never see the sun ever again."

Invidia twitched under the blanket. Between Felix and William, she didn't know who was more of a pervert. But one thing was for sure, she was safer with the Half-Elf than the green-haired demon who had started to lust for the power of their Divinities.

"Fine, I will endure," Invidia replied after some time. "Just let me sleep for now, okay? I'm really exhausted."

Superbia nodded her head in understanding. Although she was curious about what had happened between her friend and William, she knew that this was not the right time to ask Invidia about it.

"Rest well," Superbia looked at the curled up shrimp under the blanket with a helpless gaze. "Just call me if you need me."

"Okay." Invidia poked her head out from under the blanket and stared at her friend. "Don't worry, Superbia. I will protect you from his clutches."

"T-Thank you?"

"Mmm."

The Sin of Pride left Invidia's room with a confused look on her face. She didn't understand why Invidia said that she would protect her. She and the Half-Elf had discussed things properly and even signed a contract. There was no way that William could hurt her because not only would it break their contract, but it would also undermine their cooperation.

'Pervert,' Invidia thought as she closed her eyes to rest. She could still see William's face even after she closed her eyes, which irritated her to no end.

'Even when I begged you to stop, you still kept on sucking. If you are not a pervert then what are you?'

The Sin of Envy regretted the fact that she had shown her ability of "Perfect Replication" to William. Because of this, she was subjected to hours, upon hours, of bitter-sweet, and pleasurable torture, which made her heart tremble in embarrassment and shame.

Right now, she was thinking of how to return the favor to the Half-Elf who made her experience a different kind of torture.

Even though she wasn't subjected to physical pain, her sinful heart, that only knew how to envy others, felt like it was wasted on the Half-Elf, who made her regret her decision to attack him using the faces of his women.