Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1200 ln Brightest Day, In Blackest Night [Part 1]

Two days after William entered the Atlantis Dungeon….

"We're finally here," William looked at the vast ocean in front of him.

Aside from the platform they were standing on, the entire floor was submerged underwater, and they would have no choice but to venture inside it in order to defeat their enemy.

Standing beside him were the seven Pseudo-Gods that had accompanied him to conquer the Dungeon.

He didn't want to admit it, but if he hadn't acquired the Nymphs, his chances of defeating the Pseudo-God that governed the last floor of Atlantis was only around 15%

Due to the Quick-Shot Shepherd's passive skills, everyone in William's King's Legion could breathe and navigate underwater. However, even with that, it would not be enough to defeat the Final Boss who had an overwhelming advantage inside his Domain.

However, with the three Nymphs assisting him, he could play by his own rules, and force the final guardian of the Dungeon of Atlantis to fight them on their terms.

"Let's start," William said as he rose up in the air.

"""Yes!"""

Astrape and Bronte held hands and created a thunderstorm above the ocean's surface. The clear-blue waters immediately turned murky black, as it reflected the skies where thunder roared, and lightning snaked within the darkness.

Sepheron opened his wings wide and conjured several black fireballs around him.

Opis knocked an arrow on her bow and drew it as far as she could. Loxos and Hekaergos activated their Divinities in order to guide everyone's attacks to hit their target.

Titania, as always, stood beside William as his protector. The Fairy Queen always played this role during battles because she could conjure powerful defenses that would not break easily.

Right now, William's chances of clearing the dungeon was around 65%. But, that was only on the condition that their attacks reached their target.

"Open fire!" William ordered.

Immediately, Astrape and Bronte unleashed hundreds of black lightning bolts towards the water's surface.

Sepheron also fired his fireballs without care if they would get through to their target or not.

Opis unleashed a barrage of arrows in quick succession.

In truth, none of them knew where their target was, except for Opis, who specialized in Aim. The rest were just blindly firing their attacks, and left the rest to Loxos and Hekaergos.

Loxos' divinity was Trajectory, and Hekaergos' divinity was Distance. Both of them manipulated Astrape's, Bronte's, and Sepheron's attacks in order to hit the Pseudo-God who had started to make his move.

Immediately, loud explosions reverberated under the ocean's surface, and bubbles rose up to the top, making it seem like the ocean was boiling.

The Pseudo-Gods didn't stop their barrage, and continued to unleash devastating attacks, allowing the two Nymphs to manipulate them however they wanted.

"Fly higher!" Hekaergos shouted.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

They listened to the Nymph's order and increased their distance from the water's surface.

Immediately after that, several water tornadoes rose up from the ocean and headed in their direction like live snakes, attacking their prey.

Titania harrumphed and summoned several vine whips to break the tornadoes apart, but they kept on coming.

"World End…" William roared as he gathered the power of all the elements in his hand and created a giant orb of light that held all the colors of the rainbow. "Tempest!"

Firing the giant energy ball towards the water tornadoes instantly blasted them away because it had been coated by William's Rulebreaker ability.

Now that he no longer had any memories of Earth to burn, he could use this ability without holding back.

Loxos gritted her teeth as she forcefully guided William's attack towards the Pseudo-God who was attacking them from under the water.

A moment later, a powerful explosion took place, creating a shockwave of water with waves reaching fifty meters high.

"Did we get him?" William asked.

"Yes," Loxos panted for breath as beads of sweat formed on her forehead. "He's coming."

A gigantic tornado appeared in front of them, which forced everyone to distance themselves.

When the water receded, William saw a man with long blue hair that reached his waist. The man was clad with armor that seemed to be made from the scales of aquatic animals, but the most noticeable equipment he had was a three-tined trident which was emitting electrical currents.

"You're finally here, Triton," William said softly as he gazed at the Pseudo-God that guarded the final floor of the Dungeon of Atlantis.

—-

< Triton >

– First King of Atlantis

– Ruler of the Lost Empire

– Pseudo-God

– The first King of Atlantis, Triton, was believed to be a very wise and benevolent ruler that pursued great innovations. Because he believed that his race was the superior race, he tried to conquer the entire world and become its one true leader.

– Unfortunately, the Gods decided that his ambition would destroy the balance of the world, so they sealed him inside a Dungeon, and made his people sleep within the city of Atlantis, waiting for the day that the Gods would grant them forgiveness.

—--

"I've been waiting, Dungeon Conqueror," Triton replied. "Took you a while to come here. It seems that you made ample preparations just to deal with little old me."

"Little old you?" William smiled. "I dare not underestimate the person that even Gods feared to the point that you and your people were sealed.

"Well, that's an old story," Triton sneered. "So, have you come to free us from the prison of the Gods in order for us to become your slaves instead?"

William shook his head. "I came here to fight against you. I know that you won't recognize anyone weaker than you, so a battle is inevitable."

"At least you got that right. Still, I'm at a great disadvantage right now. There are eight of you, and only one of me," Triton said casually. "How about we even the odds a bit?"

As if waiting for his words, the sky, which was covered with thunder clouds, cracked, and a giant eye peered down on William's group as if appraising their strength.

William was quite familiar with those eyes because he had seen them in the past. They were the eyes of the Guardian of the outer perimeter of Atlantis, the Demigod Leviathan, who had been forced to seal its power due to its ability to drive any marine creature around it into a frenzied state.

"We met again, boy," Leviathan said. "It seems that a lot of things have happened to you."

"Yeah," William replied. "Are you going to join this fight?"

"That's right."

"Fine. So be it."

William frowned as the crack opened wider.

Astrape, Bronte, Titania, Sepheron, as well as the three Nymphs couldn't help but shudder at the gigantic monster that descended from the sky, dwarfing all of them.

The Primordial Sea Monster, Leviathan, who was said to be as old as the ocean of the world, floated above the water's surface, looking at William's group with indifference.

"Come, boy," Leviathan said. "Show me what you are capable of."

William stared at the Dragon-like creature who was at least two thousands meters long with a determined expression.

Leviathan's appearance was not part of his calculations. Now that an unknown variable had appeared, it threw a wrench to his strategy of dealing with Triton.

William closed his eyes for a brief moment before taking a deep breath. When he opened them again, the golden glow in his eyes intensified and the entire sky suddenly became pitch-black. However, within that darkness, a few stars shone brightly, forming a constellation that watched over this battle from the heavens.