Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1201 ln Brightest Day, In Blackest Night [Part 2]

All the Pseudo-Gods on William's side looked at Leviathan with grim faces.

Although they were all Pseudo-Gods, all of them knew that the beings standing in front of them were at the peak of the Pseudo-God Rank.

Suddenly, the sky around them turned pitch-black, which made them all look at their Master in surprise.

"All of you, deal with Triton," William ordered. "I'll deal with Levithan myself."

Leviathan's eyes focused on the black-haired teenager, who had decided to face it alone.

Triton thought that the Half-Elf had become crazy due to despair because he planned to fight the monster that was said to have the ability to drown the entire world alone.

However, when he noticed the serious look on Levithan's face, he realized that the strongest Pseudo-God in the world of Hestia, was taking William seriously.

'Is he really that strong?' Triton thought as he looked at the black-haired teenager, whose strength was at the initial stages of the Demigod Rank. 'he must be joking, right?'

William's subordinates also had the same opinion as Triton, and hesitated to follow his orders.

"I said all of you deal with Triton," William repeated his order without looking back. "If he's not defeated by the time I'm done with Leviathan, I will punish all of you."

William then placed his finger inside his ear and pulled something out. Suddenly, a golden-metallic-staff appeared in the Half-Elf's hand which glowed so bright, that it became the primary light source within that dark world.

"Break all Foes that stand before me!"

A golden light bathed William from the heavens and coated the Half-Elf's body with its brilliance. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Let's do this, Kid," Sun Wukong descended from the sky and turned into particles of light. "Perfect Fusion."

A shockwave of light pushed William's subordinates away from their Master, making them gasp in shock.

—-

"In the brightest day, and blackest night,

Beware the Prince who shunned the light.

No enemies can escape this Monke's sight

Tremble before Sun Wukong's overwhelming might!"

—--

The black-haired teenager said in a voice that overlapped his and Sun Wukong's. A golden headband appeared on his head, and his wrists were covered with golden arm bands. A long red cape that fluttered in the breeze like a living creature had appeared behind his back.

And the aura he released made Triton almost take a step back.

"Peak Pseudo-God!" Triton exclaimed. "Impossible!"

After the battle at the North, Sun Wukong felt truly guilty that he wasn't able to save William in his time of need. Because of this, he went to the Buddah and respectfully pleaded to unseal his powers, allowing him to fight with his full might.

The Buddah granted his request, for he knew that the Monkey King had made up his mind to fight against an evil that threatened the peace of the world.

If William had this power back then, he wouldn't have been so helpless against Ahriman, and his minions.

"Are you ready, Leviathan?" William's and Sun Wukong's voices echoed inside the Dungeon of Atlantis as they pointed the golden staff at their opponent.

"Do your best not to die, Half-Elf," Levithan replied. "For I will show you no mercy."

"Good!" William smirked. "Let's go Nuts!"

Without another word, the Half-Elf somersaulted in the sky and landed on a cloud before charging towards the Gigantic Dragon who was the strongest being under the realm of Gods in Hestia.

"Reject humanity!" William's and Sun Wukong's voices roared as Ruyi Jingu Bang grew to the same size as their opponent. "Return to Monke!"

"Die!" Leviathan shouted as it unleashed the strongest Dragon Breath in existence.

The two attacks collided, blowing away the ocean around them, until only dry land was left.

Astrape, Bronte, Titania, Sepeheron, Triton, and the Nymphs were blown thousands of meters away from the collision that was as strong as a nuclear warhead's detonation.

"Devastate!" William and Sun Wukong shouted as they pushed the golden staff forward. "Ruyi Jingu Bang!"

The staff's size continued to grow until its size was twice as big as Leviathan's body. Even so, the powerful Dragon's Breath seemed unending and even increased its intensity.

A few seconds later, an explosion like no other shook the dungeon of Atlantis, a kaleidoscope of cracks in the sky.

The Pseudo-Gods had forgotten to fight against each other due to the unbelievable sight in front of them.

The explosion had pushed Leviathans' body back hundreds of meters, while William's was blown away like a ball that was hit by a baseball bat.

"Not yet!" William's and Sun Wukong's shout reverberated in the surroundings as they righted themselves in the air. They then aimed the gigantic golden staff at their enemy. "Quick Shot War Art Fourth Form!"

The tip of the golden staff glowed brightly as William unleashed one of his strongest attacks.

"Grand Bazooka!"

Leviathan summoned a barrier around its body to protect itself from William's follow-up attack. It hadn't fought seriously for thousands of years because of its duty, but now, it was already being forced to use an ability to protect itself from its opponent.

"To think that a mortal child had pushed me this far," Leviathan muttered. "The times have changed."

Another powerful explosion rocked the entire Domain, making the cracks in the sky widen. Leviathan looked at these changes with a frown before roaring towards the heavens.

Suddenly, heavy rain started to fall and the ocean's water rose at a very fast rate. It seems that Leviathan had decided to end the battle before the Dungeon, and perhaps the City of Atlantis, broke apart due to William's devastating attack.

"Hymn of the Seven Seas," Leviathan roared. "World Ender!"

The waves rose up towards the sky as if it was trying to drown even the Heavens with its torrential might.

William waved his hand and sent his subordinates back inside his Thousand Beast Domain to prevent them from getting fatally injured by Leviathan's all-out-attack.

"Quick Shot War Art Final Form…," William stated as he swung the giant golden staff around himself.

"The End."

The sound of tens of thousands of crystal cups shattering resounded within the Dungeon, as the cracks in the Heavens widened, making some parts of the sky fall towards the ocean as both Leviathan and William unleashed their strongest attacks, making all the floors of the Dungeon of Atlantis collapse on themselves which caused the world around them to fall into ruin.