Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1202 New Era Of Death And Rebirth

With everything collapsing around them, including the sky, the Giant Dragon-like Leviathan and William, who had fused perfectly with Sun Wukong, stared at each other.

Both knew that if they unleashed one more powerful attack against each other, the Dungeon of Atlantis, and perhaps the city of Atlantis itself wouldn't survive the aftermath.

"S-Stop this!" Triton, who barely managed to survive the clash of the two titans shouted. "If this continues, Atlantis will be destroyed!"

William and Levithan continued to stare at each other. Even if Triton didn't say anything, they didn't dare to continue fighting because Atlantis was precious to both of them.

The black-haired teenager needed to conquer the Dungeon of Atlantis, in order to have the city of Atlantis become part of his strength.

Leviathan, on the other hand, was bound by an Oath by the God of the Sea to protect Atlantis at all cost, and prevent its destruction.

"What now?" Leviathan asked.

"My purpose remains the same," William replied. "I came here to conquer Atlantis. But, If I can't take Atlantis then so be it. There are other Forbidden Grounds in the world."

William then aimed the gigantic weapon in his hand towards the "current" strongest Pseudo-God in the world of Hestia.

Aside from Leviathan, who controlled the vast oceans and seas of the world, there was one being that controlled the land of the world.

Both of them had sealed their powers to lower it to the Demigod Rank, in order to prevent calamities from happening in Hestia. However, the moment they unleashed their full powers, the seas would part, and the land would tremble.

They were the two true Powerhouses of the world, and they created the balance to counter each other's strength.

However, right now, the one that held dominion over all the bodies of water in the world was at a disadvantage.

William was using Atlantis as a hostage against Leviathan, and the other party was currently thinking of ways to diffuse the situation.

"I should have killed you back then." Leviathan lamented. "When you were still young and powerless."

"Why would you?" William snorted. "In your eyes, I was just a speck of dust. Would you really bother yourself with such a lowly being?"

"Hindsight is a bad thing."

"To that, I can agree."

Leviathan grumbled, and the Half-Elf smirked. It was clear who was the victor between the two of them.

One couldn't afford to have Atlantis destroyed, while the other could just look for another Dungeon to conquer. It was quite obvious who was on the losing end if they continued their battle.

"Your Excellency, since it has already come to this, I think it is best that we prioritize the safety of Atlantis," Triton said as he faced Leviathan with a pleading gaze. "Our people have already suffered for thousands of years. Having them killed in their sleep, although painless, would be a terrible thing."

Leviathan closed its eyes for a minute before heaving a sigh.

The world around them was still in the process of deterioration, with several floors of the dungeon collapsing as they talked.

Before William's attempt to conquer this Dungeon, he had ordered his forces to leave the Dungeon of Atlantis, and closed the entrance to prevent anyone from wandering inside it.

Because of this, many lives were saved as the lower floors, as well as the upper ones broke apart, killing all the monsters within.

A moment later, the body of the giant Dragon shrunk until it took a humanoid form. A man whose age was difficult to ascertain, due to his appearance, appeared in front of William.

He had long white hair that reached down to his waist, and was dressed in a gray robe, bereft of any color and decoration. The man's eyes had draconic pupils in them that shone a golden color, similar to the color of William's eyes.

The man waved his hand and a golden dungeon core appeared between him and William.

Leviathan knew that if William didn't take control of the dungeon soon, the Dungeon of Atlantis would collapse after an hour or two.

"The only one who will serve you is Triton," Leviathan declared. "I will not assist you in any way. My only duty is to keep Atlantis safe."

William nodded in understanding and made a gesture for the Dungeon Core to approach him.

The golden orb flew in his direction like a puppy that had seen its Master, without any form of resistance.

The moment the Half-Elf placed his hand over the golden ball, the turmoil of the seas as well as the cracking sounds in the sky stopped completely.

Slowly, but surely, the cracks slowly repaired themselves, which made Triton sigh in relief. Although he was now forced to become William's subordinate, as long as his people were safe, he could endure it.

After all, he had already endured for thousands of years, enduring a little more wouldn't change anything.

Five minutes later, the Dungeon Core glowed briefly before turning into particles of light and flying towards the gem that was embedded in William's chest.

"Don't worry," William said. "I will not mistreat you or your people."

"My people?" Triton asked with a frown. "What do you mean?"

William didn't answer and simply waved his hand. The world around them changed.

They had gone from a world filled with water to a dark world, where only a few sources of light could be seen.

"I, William Von Ainsworth, hereby declare that Atlantis is liberated from the chains that bound it!" William shouted.

As if answering his call, several flickering lights lit up around him.

A scene that Triton had not seen for thousands of years appeared around him as the Ancient City of Legends started to come to life.

The dome that protected the city from the overwhelming pressure of the ocean glowed faintly. The lights started to chase away the darkness as the various magical artifacts that sustained the city started to move once again.

< I have taken complete control of the AI of the heart of the city. What are your orders, Will? >

'Well for starters, why don't we rise to the surface first?'

< Understood. >

Giant glowing creatures swam around outside the glass dome of Atlantis, and looked at it with curiosity.

Tears fell down Triton's face as the city that he had ruled in the past illuminated the darkness of the ocean floor. He was once its proud king, but because of his greed he decided to try and rule the world.

However, the Gods didn't like his ambition and sealed him, alongside his people, in the deepest parts of the world, where no man, or beast, could save them from their fate.

Slowly, but surely, the City of Atlantis ascended from the depths, making its Guardian, close his eyes.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

'Finally, after thousands of years,' Leviathan said in his heart. 'Atlantis will return to the surface world.'

Leviathan felt relief, and sadness at the same time as Atlantis made its way to the surface. He knew that the moment the Ancient City made its appearance to the world of Hestia, a new struggle would begin.

A struggle that would usher in a new era to a world that was on the brink of destruction.