Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1204 The Peak Of Shamelessness [Part1]

Earlier, Morax was in a good mood because he believed that no one in the world of Hestia would be able to challenge the forces under his command.

After he escaped from the Deadlands and became part of the Army of Destruction, he had gone to several worlds and put them into ruin.

Morax was even hoping that one of the worlds on the list given to him would be William's world, so he could get his revenge on the Half-Elf that had foiled his plans in the Deadlands. He believed that the next time he met the Half-Elf, he would be able to torture him until he begged for forgiveness.

His wish had indeed been granted. The world he was in right now, was William's homeworld. But, the scenario he had in mind was very different from the scenario that he found himself in at the moment.

"That person is dangerous," the giant where Morax was seated said with a serious expression on his face. "He is probably as strong as you, Your Excellency."

"Not probably, he is as strong as me," Morax replied in annoyance. "But, that is the least of our worries. Those people around him are bad news. You already know what to do, right?"

The giant nodded and raised his hand.

There were times when the scouting teams of the Army of Destruction would encounter strong resistance that required backup from the main army, and that was what he planned to do right now.

Morax chuckled internally. Although he didn't expect William to reach a height that was equal to him, it didn't change the outcome of the battle. As long as their reinforcements were to arrive in the world, even if there were ten more Williams, it would not be enough to save the world from destruction.

A giant that was at the center of their group, saw their leader's signal and hastily took a gem out of his pocket. This was the artifact that would notify the main army that they had arrived in a world where the scouting army was unable to defeat those living on it on their own.

The giant tossed the crystal towards the sky, where it glowed bright red. However, just as it was about to enter the red portal where they came from, a silver light descended upon it and shattered it into pieces.

"Sorry boys," a teasing voice sounded from the red portal. "Not on my watch."

A moment later, an eight-legged white horse, carrying the Old Bandit of Lont appeared in the sky. With a wave of his hand, the silver spear, Gungnir, flew back towards him.

"None of you will be leaving this place," James said as he pointed his spear towards the red portal. "You'll all be going on a one-way trip to hell."

Gungnir shot a silver light towards the heavens and forcefully closed the red portal in the sky. He gazed down at the giants with a smile, but his eyes didn't contain any shred of mercy.

"Gramps, about time you make your appearance," William commented as he looked at his Grandpa with a smile. "Also, I give your entrance six out of ten points. It was not that impressive."

"Boy, you don't understand," James replied as he raised his chin in arrogance. "It's not about the entrance. It is about who is making the entrance. Since I am awesome, I get a perfect score by default."

The corner of Astrape's, Bronte's, and Titania's lips twitched as they looked at the old man who was talking casually with their Master. William had called him Gramps, so they were assuming that the old man was a family member.

Even so, they were quite surprised because they couldn't gauge the old man's strength, which was impossible since they were the Apex Beings of the world.

"Which one is yours?" James asked.

"The ugly one," William replied.

"Well, all of them are ugly in my eyes, but I guess you are referring to that d*ckwad over there that is sitting on that giant's shoulder."

"Yep. That's him."

"Okay, he's yours," James replied as the robe he was wearing changed into a golden armor. The horned golden helmet on his head reflected the sunlight, making his body glow a Divine radiance.

William blinked as he looked at his Grandpa who was wearing the same armor as the All-Father in his memories. However, he immediately tossed this idea aside in his head.

How could the immensely-wise, dignified, proud, and almighty All Father, who ruled the Aesirs, become his grandpa, who was a miser and liked to scam people?

Clearly, that was impossible.

Odin would never stoop so low and do such shameless things!

'I must still be tired,' William thought as he shifted his attention towards Morax. 'Gramps might have just stolen that armor from some wealthy antique shop in the past.'

The Half-Elf was convinced that his gramps was just fooling around, so he decided to focus his attention on Morax, whom he had a grudge with.

The moment the giants saw James, all of them felt as if their hearts were being squeezed by a hand. No one among the giants didn't know who the All Father was, for he was the God of War and Death that had reigned over the Nine Realms during his peak.

"Master, your orders?" Astrape asked.𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

"I don't really care if they are alive or dead," Willam replied. "But, I plan to do some experiments later. Spare those that surrender, and kill the stubborns ones. Also, don't get in my way. That bastard is mine."

William casually pointed the golden staff towards Morax, who had taken this time to stand up and start to hover in the air.

"Let's clap his cheeks!" Wukong, who was inside Wiliam's Sea of Consciousness, shouted.

The black-haired teenager smirked because that was what exactly he had in mind.

"I am Zotor!" the giant Zotor shouted. "One of the Captains of the Army of Destruction. State your name, mortal."

Instead of an answer, a black lightning bolt streaked towards the giant, which the latter blocked by raising the Axe in his hand. Even so, he still took two steps back due to the impact of the attack that came from the lady that was standing beside William.

"You have no qualifications to ask for my Master's name," Astrape shouted. "I'll personally deal with you for your insolence."

Bronte, Titania, and the Nymphs glanced at Astrape with a knowing gaze. Since Astrape attacked Zotor it could only mean one thing, she had the confidence to defeat him by herself.

"Tiana, you don't have to protect me this time around," William said. "Help the others clean up these giants instead."

"Understood, Master," Titania replied. It had been a while since William called her by her first name, and it made her smile.

Leviathan stared at the giant army and crossed his arms over his chest. His duty was to protect Atlantis, so he had no obligation to help William deal with the giants.

However, since the giants were foreigners who had invaded his homeworld, he felt that he could also offer his assistance, if there was a need for it.

'I'll just watch for now,' Leviathan thought. 'Although the giants are many, they are outclassed in quality. William's forces along with the Guardians of the Silvermoon Continent should be enough to handle these invaders.

Without another word William charged at the army of giants with his weapon raised high. The golden staff extended and grew in size as William smashed it towards Morax, who was glaring hatefully at him.

"Sweep away all adversaries!" William roared. "Ruyi Jingu Bang!"