Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1205 The Peak Of Shamelessness [Part2]

A resounding clap was heard in the battlefield as Morax blocked William's attack using his Axe, which was a Divine weapon that he always carried with him.

The impact between the two weapons was so strong that almost everyone in the immediate vicinity was pushed back, with the exception of James and Leviathan, who held their ground.

The battlefield became chaotic after that as William and Morax clashed repeatedly in the sky and on the ground.

The Dreadlord was feeling pressured because the weapon that William was wielding was something that could injure even Gods. Not only that, each strike was so heavy that even as a Pseudo-God, who was only a step away from Godhood, he was finding it hard to face his blows head-on.

'I need to change my strategy,' Morax thought. 'I'll deal with the World Tree first.'

After clashing with Wiliam, the Dreadlord momentarily phased out of reality, and hid himself in the Immaterial Plane.

This plane was located between the boundaries of life and death, and very few beings, with the exception of the Gods of Death, could traverse here freely.

Morax was one of the Gods that presided over Hell and had studied the Cycle of Death and Rebirth in the Deadlands for many years. Because of this, he was able to temporarily travel through the immaterial plane, for a full-minute, before returning to the real world.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

'Fool, you might be strong, but you can't catch me!' Morax sneered as he headed towards the Giant Tree in the distance.

However, just as he was about to move past the Half-Elf, a silver spear appeared in front of him and headed straight towards his chest.

Morax hurriedly raised his Axe to block the silver spear that had caught him by surprise. He never expected that something would cross the Immaterial Plane and attack him while he was phasing between the two worlds.

"Damn" Morax cursed out loud when the spear managed to push him back.

He thought that he could easily block it, but the force behind the attack was even stronger than William's attack which he was already having a hard time dealing with.

A moment later, Morax was pushed out of the Immaterial Plane, and returned to reality. Before he could even adapt to the sudden shift in reality, a golden staff smashed into the center of his face, sending him crashing towards the ground with a pained scream.

"Nice assist," William said before charging towards Morax whom he had no intention of letting go.

"Jolly cooperation," James replied as he raised his hand to retrieve the Silver Spear that had also materialized in reality. "We can't let Will hog all the spotlight. Let's go, Sleipnir, let's show these giants who the real boss is."

The eight-legged horse neighed as it ran towards the giant army, who was currently being attacked by lightning bolts, sound waves, Divine arrows, Water Dragons, as well as giant vines.

Drauum and Myrendor glanced at each other before joining the fray. Although they weren't William's subordinates, it was their duty to defend the Silvermoon Continent from the invaders that threatened to destroy their homeland.

Morax shouted in anger, but his anger wasn't enough to save him from a one-sided beating. After Ruyi Jingu Bang smashed his face, William didn't allow the Pseudo-God to recover his bearings and stepped into the offensive, going full throttle.

Mountains were destroyed, forests were devastated, and the land split apart as William unleashed his pent up grudges towards the person that had dared to hurt the people that were important to him in the Deadlands.

'This isn't supposed to be happening!' Morax screamed internally. 'Why am I being pushed back by this mortal?!'

As a former God, he felt that it was a disgrace for him to be reduced to his sorry state by the black-haired teenager whose powers almost reached his rank.

William was not as strong as Morax, but while wielding Sun Wukong's Divine Weapon, all of his attacks were magnified to unimaginable levels. Making it extremely difficult for the Dreadlord to mount a counterattack.

Also, the damage he received when he was kicked out of the Immaterial Plane dealt a significant blow to his pride.

"I'll make you pay!" Morax roared as he gathered all of his Divinity in a full-powered strike to annihilate the pesky Half-Elf that was trampling on his dignity.

However, just as he was about to execute his attack, he heard the whistling sound of the wind from behind him.

A moment later, a surprised "Ahh!" escaped Morax's lips as Gungnir stabbed his butt, making the Divinity he'd gathered disperse completely.

"Backstabbing bastard." Leviathan's lips twitched as he looked at the shameless Grandpa and Grandson pair who gave each other a thumbs up. "What part of this is a one-on-one match?"

He had never seen such a shameless duo, and wondered if the two of them knew what the meaning of a one-on-one battle was.

"Jolly cooperation," William said with a smirk as he once again smashed Morax's face with his own full-powered strike that sent him crashing towards the ground for the second time, creating a mile-long-crater.

However, it didn't end there.

William pointed the golden staff towards the fallen Dreadlord and unleashed the Coup de Grace.

"Quickshot War Art Fusion Attack…"

The tip of the golden staff glowed as William channeled the power of his, and Sun Wukong's divinity to launch an attack that would deal significant damage, even to a God.

""King's Railgun!""

A deafening blast that drowned the sound of everything for miles on end shook the entire Silvermoon Continent.

When everyone regained their sight and vision, they saw a black-haired teenager hovering in the sky, with a red-ribbon like cape fluttering behind his back.

They saw him looking down at the ground like a King of War that had just vanquished his foe. When they followed his gaze, all they saw was a gigantic pit that seemed bottomless.

James, who was riding on top of Sleipnir, rubbed his chin with a smile on his face.

"Not bad," James said in a voice that was heard by everyone on the battlefield. "But, not as awesome as me when I was his age. Back then, I had to take great care because I was afraid that I might accidentally destroy the world if I had farted in the wrong place."

The tip of William's ears twitched, while everyone looked at the old man with contempt. All of them, even Leviathan, had the strong urge to spit at the old fart for talking nonsense.

James, who had become the center of everyone's attention only chuckled as he gazed at the giant hole made by his grandson before shifting his gaze at the surviving giants that had thrown all of their weapons on the ground, and raised their hands in surrender.

After seeing William's might, and James butt-stabbing shamelessness, they lost their courage and decided to just surrender in order to save their lives.

What they didn't know was that the Half-Elf didn't plan to spare any of them. In William's eyes, all of them were the perfect cannon fodder to use in the inevitable battle against Ahriman's and Felix's forces that would be happening very soon.