Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1206 My Daughter ls Off Limits

"Y-You will not get away with this!" Morax said as he struggled to stand up after William had fished him out of the near-bottomless pit that he had created.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"That's what all second-rate villains say," William replied. "Now, I wonder how I shall deal with you."

"Why don't you let me deal with him in your stead?"

A familiar voice sounded above William, which made the Half-Elf look upwards.

There, he found four people floating dozens of meters above his head, and the one at the center was none other than the God, Ammon, who was also Astrid's twin. It had been a while since William saw him, and his appearance made everyone in the battlefield pause whatever they were doing.

(A/N: To those who don't remember Astrid, she is Est's, Ashe's, and Isaac's Patron Goddess).

"A-Ammon!" Morax stuttered in fear. "Beleth, Purson, and Asmodeus, you're also here!"

"We've come to ensure that you won't be able to escape this time around, Morax," Beleth said. "You have a lot to answer to."

"That's right," Purson agreed. "Don't think you will be able to escape this time."

"Take him," Asmodeus stated. "We can't stay here for long."

The two Gods nodded and made a gesture. Immediately, Morax's body was bound by several chains, sealing his fate.

"Hey, aren't you going to ask about my opinion?" William glanced at the Gods who were forcefully taking his prey.

"No," Asmodeus replied. "This is something between the Lords of Hell, but since we have inconvenienced you, we will make sure to compensate you at a later time. Our favor doesn't come cheap, Half-Elf. But, we will make an exception this time around, and help you deal with…"

"No need to continue," Aamon interjected. "The time is not right."

Asmodeus smiled and nodded his head in agreement. Even beings as powerful as Gods were bound by certain rules, and right now, they are able to descend on Hestia due to Morax's capture.

"We'll be going first," Beleth commented. "You handle the rest, Aamon."

Aamon gave his comrade a brief nod. He then watched as the Lords of Hell dragged the screaming Morax, who would suffer a fate worse than death.

After the four Gods disappeared, Aamon looked at William with a complicated gaze.

"Let's have a private talk," Aamon said.

William frowned, but he still nodded his head. Right now, he was dealing with a God. Even though he had merged with Sun Wukong, fighting against a bonafide God was still out of their reach.

With a snap of his finger, time stood still. Everyone, aside from the two of them, were frozen in time, and were unable to listen to their discussion.

"First, let me thank you for defeating Morax," Aamon replied. "We have long been searching for his traces, and now that we finally captured him, we will be able to make him pay for everything that he has done.

"Second, I would like to apologize because we basically took him from you without caring for your opinion. Morax is a criminal within the Temple of the Gods, and we cannot allow him to remain in the mortal realm."

William listened with his arms crossed over his chest. Although he wanted to interrogate Morax and ask him a few questions, that was now impossible to do because the Gods had already called dibs on him.

"Lastly, thank you for taking care of my daughter," Aamon stated.

"Daughter?" William asked in confusion. "Who's your daughter?"

Aamon smiled. He knew that the Half-Elf wasn't aware of who his daughter was, so he took this opportunity to tell the black-haired teenager who she was.

"Shannon," Aamon answered. "She is my daughter. If you harm her in any way I will kill you."

"Oh…" William blinked. "Now that you mention it, the two of you have similar hair colors, but she doesn't look like you."

"She takes after her mother."

"Good for her."

The Grand Marquis of Hell's smile stiffened because he had the impression that William said "Good for her" because he meant that if Shannon took after him, she would not look good.

Aamon and Shannon both had silver-white hair. However, Shannon's eyes were purple, and Aamon's eyes were blue. Also, her face was more delicate, compared to Aamon's sharp features, which—despite making him quite handsome—gave him a more devilish vibe.

"William, just remember, my daughter is off limits," Aamon replied.

"Do I look like someone who had the time to chase the skirts of fox girls?"

"I'm just giving you a reminder. Her mother is a bit conservative, so she would prefer her daughter to be wed first before… Why am I explaining this to you?"

Aamon glared at William who just shrugged his shoulders. The Half-Elf had the "it's not my business" expression on his face, which made the God have the strong urge to slap him.

"Well, that is all that I want to say," Aamon said as he glanced at James, who quickly averted his gaze and pretended that he was frozen as well.

The corner of the handsome God's lips twitched, but he no longer pursued the matter. He just disappeared completely to return to Hell and deal with the traitorous Morax once and for all.

The flow of time returned, and everyone blinked in confusion because the people that had arrived earlier disappeared without a trace.

James rubbed his chin as he appraised Astrape, Bronte, Titania, the Nymphs. A moment later, the old man nodded his head in satisfaction and gave William two thumbs up in his heart.

"Gramps, don't go anywhere yet," William said as he walked towards his Grandpa. "There is an important matter that I need to tell you in regards to our family."

"Oh?" James arched an eyebrow. Judging by the expression on William's face, he had a feeling that it was something serious.

"Let me first deal with these giants," William stated. "We'll talk after I'm done."

James nodded. "Okay. I need to have a chat with your other grandfather, and also visit your father while I am here, so I'll wait for you in the Sacred Grove."

"Understood."

"See you later."

James guided Sleipnir towards the Sacred Grove to see his daughter-in-law, as well as check on the condition of his son, who had merged with the World Tree. It had been several years since the old coot saw his in-laws in the Silvermoon Continent, and thought that this was a perfect opportunity to catch up.

William glanced at James' retreating back before flying towards the sky. Hundreds of giants had died in the battle earlier, while several had surrendered. The Pseudo-God, Zotor, also died in battle as he led his subordinates to charge at the World Tree, while the Half-Elf was busy dealing with Morax.

"It's a shame, but it can't be helped," William muttered as he raised his hand.

A moment later, the dead Pseudo-God rose from the dead, with its eyes burning with a bluish hue. After Zotor had been raised from the dead, his rank dropped to the peak of the Demigod Rank.

The other giants that had died were also raised from the dead. Fortunately, their ranks didn't regress.

Twenty-two Demigods had died in the battle, and William turned them all into revenants, retaining their strength.

The remaining eight Demigods cowered, as the black-haired teenager gave them all a side-long glance. His eyes were void with mercy, and they knew that if they resisted him, all of them would still serve him after their deaths.

A moment later, William instantly teleported in front of one of the giants and placed his hand over its forehead. A moment later, the giant' body shuddered and a mark appeared on its forehead.

The giant's hair color changed to black, and their eyes also became as black as coals. William had used the power of darkness to corrupt it, and make it one of his loyal subjects.

The Half-Elf repeated the same thing to the other giants, who had no choice but to accept his mark of darkness. They knew that even in death, they would not escape their fate, so they decided to submit and live for the time being.

Several hours passed, as William gazed at his new army that were all kneeling in front of him.

One Peak Demigod.

Thirty Demigods.

And Hundreds of Myriad-Ranked Giants.

More than half of them were revenants, but it didn't matter to him. The force under his command right now surpassed all the factions in the world of Hestia.

William waved his hand and sent all the giants inside his Thousand Beast Domain. He had no intention of letting Felix's Faction, the Alliance's, and the Holy Order of Light know anything about the forces under his command.

The Guardians of the Silvermoon Continent looked at this scene with complicated looks on their faces. They knew that if William truly wanted to make them submit, all he had to do was to corrupt, or kill them all to be raised as part of his Undead Legion.

William returned to the Sacred Grove without even sparing the Guardians a glance. It was not because he wasn't interested in adding them to his army. He just didn't want to make his mother sad, so he allowed them to remain free to protect the Elven Lands and the Sacred Grove from harm.

"I think it is time for all of us to make a decision," Myrendor said as he glanced at his comrades.

Drauum and the rest of the Guardians nodded their heads in understanding. Now that the world was embroiled in war, they no longer had the leisure to sit on the fence, and remain as spectators.