Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1207 William's Future Plans

James' killing intent oozed out of his body after William finished telling him what happened to Eve.

A few seconds later, the bandit of Lont closed his eyes and took a deep breath. When he opened them again, the anger, and killing intent he released earlier disappeared, making those around him breathe a sigh of relief.

"I planned to leave Hestia and return to the void after this short visit, but I've changed my mind," James said. "Tell me, what your future plans are."

"I will stay here in the Silvermoon Continent for two months," William answered. "After that, I will head to war."

James remained silent for a minute before nodding his head. "Eve might be in the enemy's camp, but she is safe for now. I have a feeling that it will remain that way, unless something unforeseen happens."

William nodded his head because these were also his thoughts.

"Two months, very well…" James looked to the west where the Central Continent was located. "There are a few people I need to find and talk to. I will join you when the time comes for your army to step on the Central Continent."

"Understood," William replied. "Be careful, Gramps."

James smiled before patting William's shoulder. He already had a long talk with Arwen and found out why his grandson's hair had turned black and his eyes turned golden.

He also went to visit the Spring of Life, where his daughters-in-laws were currently soaking in its restorative waters.

James sighed when he looked at William's wives, especially Chiffon, whose daughters he had met not too long ago. His heart ached at the thought of losing his beloved great granddaughters, Maple, and Cinnamon, whom he had spoiled a lot when they were together.

After bidding his goodbye, James once again took off towards the sky as Sleipnir turned into a streak of light, and ran towards the Central Continent.

William didn't know who the people James wanted to find and talk to were. Even so, he believed that his grandpa wouldn't do useless things.

'Let's meet again in the Central Continent, Gramps,' William said in his heart. 'Two months from now… I will have my vengeance.'

The black-haired teenager's eyes glowed with killing intent as he gazed at the West, where James had gone. He had waited for this moment, and he believed that he had made ample preparations.

The reason why he said that he would fight in two months time was due to the cooldown on his Heroic Avatar. He didn't know why it was extended to two months, but he assumed that it was due to the Monkey King regaining his full powers.

William needed Sun Wukong's powers in order to fight head-on with Ahriman. Although he was confident that he could beat Felix, he still had reservations when fighting against a Primordial God, even though most of Ahriman's powers had been sealed.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

The other reason was due to his soul. Although Aila had helped him stabilize it, his battle with Morax made him realize that the additional stress on his soul and Sea of Consciousness that came while he battled with powerful beings made it unstable.

In order to ensure that nothing problematic happened during the crucial battle, he intended to let Aila, and to a certain extent, Invidia, help nourish his body and soul, in order to accept Sun Wukong's full power.

Thinking of the Sin of Envy, William summoned his personal maid to ask her if she had seen the green-haired lady, who seemed to be keen on hiding from him.

"Charmaine, have you seen Invidia?" William asked.

Charmaine blinked innocently before answering her Master's question. "The last time I saw her, she was headed to the Spring of Life. This happened an hour ago. Maybe she's still there?"

"Thank you," William nodded. "Please tell mother that I won't be having dinner with her later. You and Chloee should join her instead."

"Can I really have dinner with Mother?"

"Yes."

William clearly heard Charmaine call Arwen, Mother, but he didn't think much about it. The pretty Elf was now one of his concubines, so it was not a problem if she called Arwen, Mother, because he planned to have Charmaine give birth to one of his children in the future.

Hearing William's reply, the pretty Elf smiled sweetly as a warm feeling spread inside her chest.

"Master, somehow, you seem to be regaining your former self," Charmaine said as she approached William and gave him a light hug. "I hope that after the fight with Felix, and Ahriman, you will recover what you have lost, and return to your warm, and caring self."

William pressed his lips against Charmaine's forehead to give her a kiss. Although his kiss was still a bit cold, it warmed the pretty Elf's heart completely.

He had also noticed the changes in his body after Aila's and Invidia's regular sessions, and although he believed that he wouldn't fully revert to how he used to be in the past, it was still a wonderful change to the people who loved him.

After giving Charmaine a short kiss on the lips, William headed towards the Spring of Life.

Although Acedia was guarding the bodies of his wives, and he didn't believe that Invidia would harm the bodies of her sisters, he still felt that he needed to go and check on them just in case.

When he arrived at his destination, he saw two Acedia's fighting against each other, and using their hair to strike their opponent.

"What's wrong? Is this all you got?" one of the Acedia's said with a sneer. "Just surrender them to me, and you won't get hurt."

"..." the other Acedia just looked at her opponent with a drowsy look on her face.

Clearly, she was too lazy to even give a reply and just changed her hair to a fist, and smacked her enemy head-on.

Naturally, the other Acedia turned her own hair into a fist and countered the attack directed at her.

William sighed as he looked at this scene before making a move.

He snuck behind the "noisy" Acedia, and wrapped his arms around her waist, preventing her from moving.

"Who told you to come here?" William asked in a cold and merciless tone that made Invidia's body shudder.

"I-I was just playing around," Invidia answered. "I swear I didn't come here to take your wives hostage so that you wouldn't drag me into your room. I don't want to be sucked again."

"But part of our contract is that you supply me with blood."

"Hello? It's not only my blood that you drink! You are taking advantage of my dazed state to have your way with me!"

William then whispered something in Invidia's ear, making the latter's body shudder uncontrollably. A few seconds later, she reverted to her original form and turned around to look at the Half-Elf with teary eyes.

"I-I'm sorry," Invidia said. "I-I will behave. I promise."

"I'll believe you just once," William replied. "Now, come with me."

The Half-Elf was about to take the Sin of Envy away from the Springs of Life when Acedia's long, blonde hair wrapped around his waist.

William glanced at the drowsy-looking girl who was floating above the water's surface before releasing Invidia from his grip.

"Go and join my mother to have dinner first," William replied. "I will deal with you later."

"Okay!" Invidia hurriedly left the spring as if her life depended on it.

William had threatened her that if she didn't obey, he would do something to her, which would make her wish that he was torturing her instead.

Acedia pulled William to her, and the Half-Elf didn't resist. When he was only a meter away from her, the blonde-beauty reached out to hold William in her arms, and kissed him on the lips before taking him under the water's surface with her.