Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1208 This Time,Let's Do This Right

An hour after Acedia took William under the water's surface, the Half-Elf finally returned to the Thousand Beast Domain in order to handle the aftermath of fighting against Morax and the Giants that belonged to the army of destruction.

The timing of Morax's appearance was simply too perfect.

William had just finished conquering the Dungeon of Atlantis, and he was still under the fusion form with Sun Wukong. Because of this, he was able to fight against Morax, despite the fact that the latter was still stronger than him.

In the end, it was Ruyi Jingu Bang that tipped the scale to his favor. Sun Wukong's weapon was truly amazing, and its ability to pound beings below the realm of Godhood was truly outstanding.

Of course, things would have ended differently if Morax had regained his Divinity when he arrived in Hestia. Fortunately, the injuries he received still hadn't healed and they prevented him from stepping into that realm, allowing William and Sun Wukong to deal with him with their combined might.

"How are the Giants?" William asked Chloee whom he had assigned to look after the Giant army that he had forcefully placed under his control.

"They're behaving properly," Chloee replied with a smile. "More than half of them were turned into Undead, and the rest was corrupted by the power of darkness. They wouldn't be able to defy your orders even if they tried."

William nodded his head in agreement. It was impossible for the Giants to rebel against him, now that he had turned them into his minions.

"In two months, the Heir of Darkness will be in for a nasty surprise." Chloee sneered as she gazed at the Giants in the distance. "I can't wait to see his face when his army is trampled under the Giant's feet."

William smirked because he shared the same opinion as Chloee. Unless the Heir of Darkness, the Alliance, and the Holy Order of Light joined hands to fight against him, there was simply no army in the world of Hestia that could rival his.

"Has Celeste contacted you lately?" William inquired.

Chloee nodded. "She often asks me if I'm doing well, and subtly inquires about you from time to time. But, aside from that, she hasn't mentioned anything of importance."

"I see," William rubbed his chin. "I guess we can't get any information from her about the current situation of the Central Continent."

"No," Chloee replied, "but she is not the only one that you can ask for information, right? I'm sure that Lira, and Ephemera will gladly give you the information you need."

"Ephemera is good, Lira is troublesome, so there's no need to mention her."

"So you say, but the reason why you are avoiding her is because you care about her. I don't think you should avoid her completely, Will. Sometimes, neglect can force people to do reckless things in order to gain the attention of the people they wish to notice them."

William hugged Chloee from behind as he rested his chin on her shoulder.

"Are you talking from experience?" Will asked.

"Yes," Chloee answered. "Back then, I held myself back. So, when the thought that I could be useful to you came to my mind, I decided to do reckless things. I don't want Lira to get to that point."

"Sorry."

"Why are you apologizing? It's all in the past."

Chloee had also noticed that the coldness of William's heart had started to thaw a bit. Just like all the ladies who loved the Half-Elf, she welcomed these changes because it made the man they loved feel more human.

"Understood," William said after a few minutes of silence. "I will contact both of them and ask them to meet me in secret.

Chloee smiled as she used her right hand to caress the side of William's face.

"That's good," Chloee commented. "It will be best if you hide the giants in the Dungeon of Atlantis first. Although they are our allies, there are things that we still have to keep a secret from them. This way, if the Pope becomes suspicious of their actions and tries to probe their memories, they won't see anything of importance."

William nodded his head in agreement to Chloee's words. The giants and the Pseudo-Gods under his command were his trump cards. Their identities must be kept hidden for as long as possible in order to retain the element of surprise, which he would unleash when he stepped foot on the Central Continent to wage war against Felix.

"I'll return to the Sacred Grove for a bit," William said before kissing Chloee's cheek. "I need to capture a naughty Sin who dared to sneak into the Spring of Life while I was not paying attention."

Chloee giggled because although she didn't know who William was talking about, she had a hunch that it would be none other than the Sin of Envy, for she was the only Sin that William had started to bully as of late.

"Take things slowly," Chloee commented. "She's an asset to our cause. The Sins may be a rowdy bunch, but once they set their hearts on a person, they become loyal for life."

"I know." William smiled.

Celine, Sidonie, Chiffon, and Lilith. They were William's wives and lovers, whom he cherished very much. In the past he had his fair share of trouble with them. But, after getting past their quirks, the Half-Elf had grown fond of them, and loved them with all of his heart.

It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that he had become an expert in dealing with the members of the Seven Deadly Sins. right now, Invidia and Superbia were his allies. He wouldn't do something extreme to chase these two ladies, whose abilities could change the outcome of the war that was happening at this very moment.𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

—--

Meanwhile somewhere in the Silvermoon Continent…

Invidia was dragging Superbia away from the Elven Capital to escape alongside her. She had seen how William dealt with Morax and the Giant Army and she knew that if the Half-Elf was serious in making her stay, he would have no trouble using force to do it.

However, Invidia, just like all the Sins, with the exception of Chiffon, had a rebellious heart.

They didn't like it when others forced them to do something they didn't like, and would fight back through direct and subtle ways if need be. Unfortunately, there was simply "no fighting back" against the Half-Elf, whose power, and army, exceeded those of the Heir of Darkness and the combined might of the alliance.

"Why don't you just apologize?" Superbia asked as she allowed herself to be dragged away by her friend who had an anxious look on her face. "I'm sure that William doesn't think much of what you did earlier."

"I don't care what he thinks," Invidia replied. "That guy is bad news. The sooner we get away from him, the better we will be."

"Okay. Let's say that we manage to escape the Silvermoon Continent, where do you plan to go?"

"Let's go to the Gunnar Federation! I know it's a long journey, but that is the safest place in the world right now."

Superbia frowned, but she could understand why Invidia thought that way.

The Gunnar Federation was located in the Western Continent of the World.

In the past, a great war took place that shattered the peace of the Western Continent, and almost brought it to the point of no return. Finally, in an attempt to stop the countless deaths, and woes of the people, all the Kingdoms and various states decided to form one giant Federation, where everyone had a say.

Their system was similar to the Elven Council, but this time, every state was represented by one person. All major issues were decided by a voting system, and since then, the Gunnar Federation prospered.

Ephemera, the Virtue of Justice, hailed from the Kingdom of Edelweiss, which was a member of the Gunnar Federation.

"That is going to be a very long journey," Superbia commented. "First we need to reach the Central Continent. After that, we'll need to journey West until we find a ship that will take us to the Gunnar Federation.

According to my estimate, it would at least take us four months, up to a year in order to reach our destination. If we get lucky, we might be able to reach our destination without being found. If we are unlucky…"

"Then we will either fall into the hands of the Alliance, or Felix's faction." Invidia completed Superbia's words for her.

"You're forgetting about the Holy Order of Light," Superbia commented. "We're not exactly on good terms with them either."

"Let's not talk about those b*tches. Just hearing their organization's name makes me want to puke."

"Hahaha."

Superbia looked at her anxious-looking friend with an amused expression on her face. Even if they ran away right now, it would be impossible for them to escape.

Why?

It was because they had a contract with William. In that contract, the two of them would provide support to him in exchange for his protection. Also, Invidia would regularly supply William with her blood, as an added condition.

If any of them broke the rules, the repercussions would be devastating on the side that broke the contract first.

"Do you hate William that much?" Superbia asked out of curiosity. She knew that the reason why Invidia was trying to get away from the Half-Elf was because she was afraid of him.

"Yes," Invidia replied. "I'm sure that if you experienced it yourself, you would be doing the same thing I am doing."

The latest_epi_sodes are on_the ʟɪʙʀᴇᴀᴅ.ᴄᴏᴍ. website.

"Running away?"

"Yes."

"Then what must he do to stop you from running away?"

"Well first, he must stop treating me like a tool that he can use whenever he wants. No one wants to be treated like a tool," Invidia replied. "I don't mind having my blood drunk, and using the faces of his wives, or lovers, to keep his loneliness at bay, but he mustn't do things without my permission. Trust and respect are needed to make our current alliance with him work."

"I see… very well. From now on, I will refrain from doing something that you don't like. That way, you won't have to run away again."

Invidia's body stiffened after hearing the familiar voice behind her back. She slowly turned around, only to see the black-haired teenager, looking at him with a smile on his devilishly handsome face.

"Let's go back, Invidia," William said as he extended his hands towards the green-haired beauty who currently hated his guts. "This time, let's do this right."

The Half-Elf didn't want the two ladies to treat him as their enemy, so he decided to compromise.

He knew that Invidia and Superbia really had no place to go. Even if they were to run off to the Gunnar Federation, the chances of them escaping Felix's, the Alliances', as well as the Holy Order's sights when they returned to the Central Continent was nearly zero.

So, for the sake of his wives, who were Invidia's and Superbia's sisters in Sin, he decided to treat them as equals, especially Invidia, and no longer treat her as a tool to further the goals he had in mind.