Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1209 Taking The Two Sinful Ladies Inside The Thousand Beast Domain

After William convinced Invidia, that he would no longer do anything untoward her, with the exception of drinking her blood on a regular basis, the green-haired beauty finally relented and returned to the Sacred Grove.

Superbia, who thought that her friend's escape managed to convince William to treat her better, smiled by her side and changed her opinion about the Prince of Darkness.

Initially, she thought that the Half-Elf would not compromise, but this sudden change of heart allowed her to understand him a little better. Truthfully, Superbia was prepared to suffer a little in order to gain the black-haired teenager's protection.

She even thought that Invidia's actions of defiance would only lead her to get punished more. Of course, Superbia wouldn't want her friend to suffer, and was planning to talk to William about it. Fortunately, it didn't arrive at that situation and the problem had been addressed.

Although Invidia was still half doubtful whether William was sincere in his attempt to win her over, she decided to give him one last chance, with the condition that she would no longer go to the Springs of Life and attempt to take his wives hostage.

"From now on, you two will be traveling with me at all times," William said to the two Sinful Ladies after they arrived at the Sacred Grove. "I am planning to meet some people in order to get a better understanding of what is happening in the Central Continent. But, before that, I intend to safely escort a few refugees from the City of Alabaster to ensure that they reach the shores of the Silvermoon Continent."

Invidia and Superbia nodded their heads in understanding. They were the ones that shared the news of Felix's plan to William, and the latter warned the people of the city to evacuate as soon as they could. If not for the fact that he was too busy with other things, he would have stayed with them, and personally escorted them back to the Silvermoon Continent.

"I've always been curious about your personal domain," Superbia commented. "That is where your army lives right now, right?"

"Yes," William answered. "And that is also the place where you will be staying now."

William waved his hand and a golden portal appeared in front of him.

"Please, enter," William made a gesture for the two ladies to enter his Domain. He had already hidden the giants inside the Dungeon of Atlantis, so there was no problem even if he brought Invidia and Superbia inside it.

In fact, she was curious to know how the two would react after they saw the city that was currently being rebuilt by all the Demon clans that had sworn their allegiance to him.

Invidia and Superbia were both Demons, and he hoped that the two of them could help manage the Demon Clans whenever he was too busy.

When the two sins saw the city, that was mostly populated by Demons, both of their eyes widened in shock.

"W-What kind of place is this?" Invidia stuttered as she looked at the majestic city that had appeared in front of her eyes.

"This place is called K-City," William replied. "It's a city that is very different from the ones that you see in the Demon Continent as well as the Central Continent. In fact, there is no city like it in this world. What do you think?"

"I-I think I need to take a better look at this city of yours," Invidia answered.

William nodded his head with a smile before calling out to a certain little girl, who was being accompanied by a floating mace and a golden piglet.

"Medusa, come. I have something to ask of you," William said.

"Master!" Medusa immediately perked up after seeing William, who she hadn't seen for a long time.

She immediately ran in his direction and buried her little head into his chest out of happiness.

"Master, where have you been?" Medusa asked. "The Theme Park is fully repaired. All the rides, including the roller coaster, are working perfectly!"

"Sorry," William replied as he patted the little-girl's head who had been working side by side with the Demon Clans to repair the city in order to forget her sadness of losing her first friend, playmate, and Master, Chiffon.

Medusa hugged William tighter with a big smile on her face. If she was a cat, she would be purring non-stop by now.

"Medusa, these two ladies are Invidia and Superbia," William introduced the two ladies by his side. "They are the Sins of Envy, and Pride. In a way, they are your Master's sisters, so treat them well."

Medusa perked up the moment her Master was mentioned and looked at the two Demons with curiosity.

"My name is Medusa," Medusa bowed her head. "It's a pleasure to meet you, Invidia, Superbia."

"Nice to meet you too."

"Pleasure to meet you, Medusa."

William then rested his hand on Medusa's shoulder and decided to leave the two Sins under Medusa's care for the time being.

Although William was the one that brought K-City inside the Thousand Beast Domain, he had a feeling that Medusa was more knowledgeable in the ins and outs of the city because the latter had spent most of her time helping the Demon Clans to rebuild it.

The latest_epi_sodes are on_the ʟɪʙʀᴇᴀᴅ.ᴄᴏᴍ. website.

"Medusa, take the two of them to the theme park first and let them unwind," William ordered. "After that give them a tour of the city. Also, tell the Patriarchs of the Demon Clans that from now on, the two of them will become their supervisors. If there are any issues that need to be addressed, they should all report to Invidia and Superbia, and they in turn will report to me."Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Medusa nodded her head as she grabbed hold of Invidia's and Superbia's hand.

"Let's go, Master's sisters!" Medusa said happily. "Let's all ride the roller coaster! It's my most favorite ride, and I'm sure that it will be your favorite as well!"

"Roller coaster? Ride?"

"Sounds fun. I'm looking forward to it."

Medusa giggled as her eyes glinted with mischief. She didn't lie when she said that the Roller Coaster was her favorite ride, but most of the Demons didn't share her opinion.

The majority of them would throw up after riding it once, and she was quite curious to know how the two Sinful Ladies would react after they had ridden it for the first time.

William watched them go with an amused expression on his face. He hoped that Invidia and Superbia would get along with Medusa, as well as the denizens of the Thousand Beast Domain.

He believed that in the not so distant future, the two ladies, and the Demon Clans under his rule, would join him in battle against the Heir of Darkness, who was currently the supreme overlord of the entire Demon Realm.