Chapter 1210 Saving The Best For Last

Three days after William had defeated Morax and the Giant Army…

"Will!" Lira shouted before running towards William. A moment later, she held the Prince of Darkness in a tight, and loving embrace, which made Ephemera helplessly shake her head.

"We were supposed to meet a few weeks ago, but you canceled at the last minute," Ephemera said in a disapproving tone. "I sure hope that you still remember your promise."

William nodded his head. "Things happened, so I was not able to meet you. As for the promise, of course I am going to keep it."

Lira, who was currently at cloud nine from having hugged her beloved Prince suddenly broke out of her daze. She then looked at Ephemera and William with suspicion as if she was a wife that had caught her husband cheating on her.

"The two of you planned to meet and I wasn't invited?" Lira asked with a dumbfounded look on her face. "Why am I excluded?"

Ephemera smiled as she pointed at the black-haired teenager, who was still being hugged by the Virtuous Lady of Temperance. "Don't ask me. Ask him."

Lira then shifted her attention to William and gave him a look filled with injustice.

"Why?" Lira asked as tears started to form at the corner of her eyes. "Am I not good enough for you to trust me?"

William shook his head as he wrapped his hands around Lira before kissing her forehead.

"The reason why I didn't include you in my meeting with Ephemera, is not because I didn't trust you," William replied before wiping the tears in Lira's eyes. "It is because you have fallen in love with me."

William's words rang out inside Lira's heart and although she wanted to deny it, she couldn't do it because she would only be lying to herself.

"Is that a bad thing?" Lira asked. She could feel an ache in her chest as she looked at William's eyes, which was reflecting her image back at her. "Is it wrong to love you?"

"I am your enemy, remember?" William replied as he lightly pinched Lira's face as if telling her something very obvious. "Don't tell me you have forgotten."

Lira pulled back and held William's hand. She then pressed it over her chest, where her heart was located and looked at him straight in the eye.

"You already know that I no longer think of you as my enemy," Lira said softly. "You already know how I feel about you. You have taken everything from me, including my True Name, and yet… you still turn me away. Why? Please, tell me the real reason."

William sighed as he pulled Lira to his chest and held her tight.

"It's because I don't want to corrupt you," William replied. "Do you know how hard it is for me to hold back? Knowing that you are devoted to me?"

"Then what about Ephemera? You turn me away, but you ask her to meet with you."

"Ah. That's because Ephemera isn't as important as you. I don't have any thoughts of corrupting her. She's just a side character, unlike you."

"Oi! What a rude thing to say!" Ephemera, who was just listening to the side, pounded William's shoulder with her fist. "What side character are you talking about? I am obviously part of the main cast!"

Lira chuckled as tears streamed down from her eyes. She felt as if a great burden had been released from her shoulders as she rested her head on William's neck, while the latter held her in a warm embrace.

Ephemera snorted as she crossed her arms over her chest. A part of her felt envious of William's care for Lira, whom he had conquered not long ago.

The Virtuous Lady of Justice wouldn't admit that she also had started to fall in love with the Prince of Darkness, to whom she had offered her maidenhood, as well as her loyalty, of her own free will.

"Come here," William said as she reached out his hand towards the pouting Ephemera.

"It's good to know you still have some sense in you," Ephemera grumbled as she joined Lira in embracing the black-haired teenager, who had made them his women, and marked them as his own.

—--

Fifteen Minutes later, William and the two Virtues reached the floor inside the Dungeon of Atlantis where the Sea-side Villa was located.

William had been pleased to know that once he had taken control of the Dungeon, all the destroyed floors were returned to their original appearance. As for why he brought Lira and Ephemera inside the Dungeon of Atlantis, it was due to the fact that time moved slower there.

A day outside the Dungeon was equivalent to two days inside the Dungeon of Atlantis. This allowed William to spend more time with the two Virtuous Ladies who hungered for his touch.

—-----

(Disclaimer: Scenes past this point are R-18. You already know the drill).

—----

The moment they entered the Sea-side Villa, Lira immediately dragged William to the bathroom, so she could personally clean his body.

Naturally, Ephemera followed behind. For her, the bathroom was a special place because this was where she had given her first time to William.

A few minutes later, William's lips were busy suckling on Lira's right breast, while the latter held onto his neck for support.

Ephemera, on the other hand, busied herself in licking William's throbbing member, which awakened the burning desire inside her body that had been sleeping since the Half-Elf had last embraced her.

William pulled back his mouth and stared at the aching, pink tip that had turned firm under his care, and gave it a light pinch, making Lira gasp.

Her near-perfect body that was free from any blemish was smooth, and the pink tips that were at the center of her white breasts had risen fully, begging him to put them inside his lips, and play with them with his tongue.

"Have they grown a bit bigger?" William asked as he kneaded both of Lira's breasts, making the latter sigh in pleasure.

"I don't know," Lira replied after catching her breath. "I don't really pay attention to them. If they have become bigger then the fault lies in you. So, you better take responsibility."

"I'll think about it."

"How cruel."

William smirked before opening his mouth to sink his fangs on Lira's right breast, drawing blood. After drinking the blood of many women, he knew that some of them had richer blood compared to the others.

The members of the Deadly Sins, and the Virtues contained powerful Divinities inside their bodies. William was very fond of drinking his wives' blood because their taste was exquisite, and he couldn't get enough of them.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

As William drank his fill, he suddenly felt the water of the tub start to decrease before something warm wrapped around his manhood. The purple-haired beauty had unplugged the stopper in the bathtub, to allow the water to drain. Clearly, she was unable to hold back her desire and decided to take William's manhood inside her.

Although Lira's breasts were blocking his view, he knew what Ephemera had done. He didn't reject her advances, and simply enjoyed the warm folds that were wrapping around his member, making him feel good.

Lira, who was immersed in the euphoric feeling, didn't even bother to turn her head to look at her friend who had decided to take him before her.

Now that she finally knew that William cared for her as well, she didn't mind going last.

After all, she believed that the best should be saved for last.