Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1211 Do You Want Me To Love you?

(Disclaimer: Still R-18.)

A few minutes later, William gently kissed Lira's breast, healing the injury that he had caused.

"Care for her," Lira whispered in William's ears before kissing him passionately in the lips. When the kiss ended, she stood up from the bathtub with a mischievous smile. "I will wait for you in the bedroom."

Lira gave her friend a side-long glance before leaving the bathroom. She wanted William to focus only on Ephemera for now, so that she could get his undivided attention later.

The Half-Elf held onto Ephemera's waist and stopped her from moving her hips. The Virtuous Lady of Justice looked at him with a debauched expression on her face, which was far from the dignified lady that stood in front of the army of the Holy Order Of Light.

"You have grown quite impatient, Ephemera," William said as he pulled the beauty close to him. "Did you miss me that much?"

Ephemera averted her gaze and refused to answer the Half-Elf's question. However, William gently held her chin and slowly turned her head to face him.

"Fine, you don't need to answer," William commented. "I'll just interrogate both your upper, and lower lips, until they become honest."

Without another word, William kissed Ephemera's lips. He then inserted his tongue inside her mouth, which caught her by surprise. She had tried to pull her tongue away, but the Half-Elf didn't allow her to do that.

His tongue followed her own, and lightly prodded on it until it was helplessly captured, and tortured lovingly by William's tongue.

When the Half-Elf pulled his mouth back, Ephemera's tongue followed and licked the side of his lips, until William sucked on it, drawing her tongue inside his own mouth.

Three minutes later, Ephemera panted for breath after pulling away from William. She never thought that there were so many types of kissing, and the one she shared with the Half-Elf was something that she had only experienced today.

Of course, this was only natural because William was Ephemera's first man, and she had never kissed a man before in her life.

"Move your hips," William whispered seductively in her ears. "Show me how much you want me."

Instead of answering, Ephemera started to move her hips as she was told. Her movement was still clumsy, showing her inexperience, but for William, the Virtuous Lady's attempt only made his desire burn brighter.

As her first man, he knew more than anyone else that Ephemera now longed for his body, after discovering the pleasures of the flesh. She was like a student who was curious to learn new things, and William was her teacher who held the knowledge she desperately sought for.

"Not bad," William said softly. "Let me take over."

"Yes," Ephemera replied as she leaned her entire body on William's strong, and lean body. Her voluptuous breasts were pressed over his chest, and her hands, wrapped around his neck, waiting desperately for the promise of relief that would sate the burning ache that had now taken complete control of her body.

William, slowly but surely, moved his hips so that he could push his member deep inside Ephemera's forbidden fruit.

With each thrust, she could feel her womb aching for release, but William wasn't in a hurry to give her that relief, making her frustrated.

"Stop bullying me," Ephemera said.

"You're a strong lady," William replied. "How can I possibly bully you?"

"You are bullying me right now."

"That's just your imagination."

Before Ephemera could say anything else, William placed his hand at the back of her head and pulled him close for a deep and passionate kiss.

The kiss immediately silenced Ephera, as her upper, and lower mouths received Wiliam's soft, and gentle attacks, making her feel as if her brain was turning to mush.

"Did you miss me?" William asked as he pulled away from the passionate kiss.

"Yes," Ephemera replied. She could no longer deny that she had missed William since the last time that they were together. "Are you happy now?"

"I am," William answered. "Now, time to give you your reward."

After saying those words, William moved his hips faster, which made the beautiful lady pant for breath.

Although he didn't know if Ephemera liked rough sex, he decided to test the waters, in order to better understand the purple-haired lady who had already submitted to him.

He didn't lie earlier. Unlike Lira, who had made her love known to him, Ephemera hadn't made any declaration that she would devote herself to him. Although the Virtuous Lady of Justice had offered herself willingly to him, that didn't mean that she felt the same way as Lira.

Truth be told, Ephemera didn't know if the feelings she had for William were indeed love. She thought that since Wiliam was her first man, it was only natural for her to feel a strong attraction to him.

Only when the two of them were far apart from each other did she realize that not only had he marked her as his woman, he had also made her feel more conscious of him. Even in her dreams, she would think of him.

When she asked her Patron Goddess about the budding feelings in her heart, the Goddess of Justice only told her that if she wished for it, she would descend to Hestia and tie William up for her, so that she could keep him close to her at all times.

Naturally, Ephemera knew that her Patron Goddess was only joking. Even so, she wanted to confirm her feelings for William. This was why she decided to meet him again, and see whether the feelings she had for him were love, or something else.𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

"Hey, do you love me?" Ephemera whispered in William's ears when she felt that the Half-Elf was about to reach his limit.

"Do you want me to love you?" William replied as he continued to push deep inside her, sending her closer to ecstasy.

"I do."

"Okay. I'll consider it."

"Thank you," she whispered, missing the second part of what he said.

With one final thrust, the tip of William's member, kissed the entrance of Ephemera's womb before releasing his seed inside her.

The purple-haired beauty's body shuddered as the hot essence filled her up completely, making her feel as if her womb was on fire.

A minute later, she collapsed on William's body, panting for breath.

Now that she had made her feelings known to him, she had hope in her heart that the black-haired teenager would also treat her like Lira, who was slowly, but surely, inching towards William's closed-off heart.