Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1213 l-l Don't Taste Good.I'm All Bones. l Don't Have Much Meat ln Me

Cherry found herself sitting on a couch with Lira and Ephemera on her left and right side.

William had taken the Virtue of Charity to the Sea-Side Villa, while thinking of how he could prevent the little girl from telling the Pope about his and her sisters' collaboration.

"Will, don't worry, I will look after Cherry and make sure that she doesn't say anything," Lira pleaded. "Isn't that right, Cherry? You will not tell anyone about what you saw, and heard, right?"

"I-I will not tell anyone!" Cherry replied. "I promise."

William smirked after hearing the little girl's answer. In fact, he had already thought of a good way on how to make Cherry shut up, and this method was many times more effective than threatening her.

"B-Big Bad Brother, I don't like the way you look at me," Cherry stuttered. "I-I don't taste good. I'm all bones. I don't have much meat in me."

"Will, don't tell me you're planning to…," Ephemera saw the devilish smile on William's lips and felt her scalp tingle. "C-Cherry is still too young for this. If you do this to her, she will break."

"Don't worry," William replied. "I will not break your precious sister. I'm not a bad person, right Cherry?"

"Y-Yes! You're not a bad person, Big Bad Brother!"

"See?"

Lira and Ephemera had a very strong urge to tie Cherry up, and cover her lips to prevent her from talking. Although they had spoiled her rotten, they didn't think that doing that would also turn her brain rotten.

"Will, this is our mistake," Ephemera said with a serious expression on her face. "We were too careless."

William nodded. "If this little girl became suspicious of your actions then it is safe to say that your other sisters, and perhaps even the Pope, also have their suspicions. Both of you need to be careful the next time you leave the Palace of Light."

Lira and Ephemera hung their heads in shame. They had no rebuttal for William's words, which made them wonder what would happen if the little girl beside them spilled the beans of their meeting with William.

A moment later, the door of the Sea-side Villa open, and the angelic beauty, Princess Aila, appeared in front of everyone.

"Will, you called for me?" Princess Aila inquired before glancing at the ladies that were seated opposite Wiliam's. "Who are they?"

"Aila, I'd like you to keep everything you see in this room a secret," William replied. "These three ladies are the Virtue ladies of Temperance, Charity, and Justice. Lira, Cherry, and Ephemera."

"Hello."

"H-Hi, Big Sister."

"Nice to meet you."

Princess Aila returned their greeting before sitting beside William. She then appraised the three ladies in front of her and immediately noticed that two of them had William's mark on their bodies, with the exception of the little girl between them.

Lira, and Ephemera, were also appraising the angelic beauty beside William. Since the Princess dared to sit beside William, it meant that their relationship was close enough to warrant her action.

Both ladies knew that the black-haired teenager had many women in his entourage, and they both agreed that Princess Aila was indeed worthy of him.

"Aila, you can erase specific memories, right?" William asked.

"Yes," Princess Aila replied. "If the memory is recent then I could erase it easily."

Lira's and Ephemera's faces immediately brightened, while Cherry's expression darkened.

"N-No! I don't want my memory to be erased!" Cherry shouted. "I won't let you!"

The little girl was about to activate her Divinity when she felt a sudden pain at the back of her head. Ephemera had given her a karate chop, which made Cherry's eyes roll up into their sockets as she collapsed, unconscious, on the couch.

"Thank you, Ephemera," William replied before facing Princess Aila. "This little girl witnessed my meeting with Lira and Ephemera. I want you to erase that memory, as well as all memories related to me. Can you do that?"

"I can," Princess Aila replied. "But, what excuse will the two of them make when she wakes up?"

"How about, we found her taking a nap under a tree?" Lira asked.

Ephemera shook her head. "That is too far-fetched. It might backfire on us later."

"Don't worry," Princess Aila interjected. "If it's only taking a nap under a tree, I can tweak her memory to a certain extent. All you need to do is just match your story with hers. Well then, shall I start?"

Princess Aila glanced at William to wait for his permission. The Half-Elf nodded to give her the go signal. The sooner this troublesome girl forgets, the sooner this problem will be solved."

Princess Aila no longer hesitated and kissed Cherry's lips, to access her memories. She planned to eat her memory, just like she did with William's memories about Belle.

A minute later, the angelic Princess pulled back with a smile. "I've taken everything and didn't leave a trace. Even if someone were to forcefully read her memories, they won't be able to extract any information about you."

"That's good," William replied. "Thank you, Aila."

"You're welcome." Princess Aila smiled. She wanted to be useful to William, so she was quite happy to use her expertise for his sake.

After seeing that their little sister was unhurt, Lira and Ephemera were finally able to breathe with relief, and thanked William for his mercy. If the Half-Elf really tried to do something to Cherry, the two of them would feel guilty about it for life.

"Don't thank me yet," William replied. "I'm going to do an experiment."

The black-haired teenger lightly tapped Cherry's forehead. A moment later, a dark mark appeared on its surface.

This mark was very different from the mark that William had placed on Lira's and Ephemera's bodies.

Lira and Ephemera looked at the mark that was similar to those Egyptian Hieroglyphics that resembled an eye. To their surprise, the mark disappeared from Cherry's forehead, leaving nothing behind.

"Good, it worked," William smiled. "With this, I will be able to spy on the movements of the Holy Order from time to time. Perhaps, her appearance was a blessing in disguise. If not for her, I would not be able to have an eye inside the elusive Palace of Light."

Lira and Ephemera glanced at each other with a complicated gaze. They didn't know how effective William's spying ability would be inside the Palace of Light, but with how Cherry usually acted inside it, they were sure that, instead of information about the movements of the Holy Order, all the Half-Elf would gather was gossip.

"Well then, the two of you should return to the Palace of Light," William said before standing up. "Remember my warning. Don't let Felix catch either of you."

"I won't let myself be captured."

"I'll do my best."Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

After saying their goodbyes, William sent the three Virtuous Ladies out of his Domain. This time, he didn't come with them because he didn't want to take any chances. If someone aside from Cherry had followed them then there was no telling what would happen once word of it came into light.

—--

Somewhere in the Central Continent…

Lira, Ephemera, and the unconscious Cherry appeared on a desolate mountain range, after William had sent them out of his Thousand Beast Domain.

Lira immediately summoned a flying ship, and helped Ephemera carry the unconscious girl inside it. After letting Cherry lie down in a comfortable position, the ship sailed Northwest where the Palace of Light was located.

Because the two were busy taking care of Cherry, they didn't notice that hiding behind a boulder was a little familiar who had followed Cherry outside of the Palace of Light because Celeste was worried about her safety.

"Lira and Ephemera made contact with William…," Claire muttered. "I need to report this to Celeste."

The little fairy glanced in the direction the three ladies had appeared from, before flying Northwards. Although she was tempted to meet her twin sister, Chloee, Claire decided that now was not the time to do so.

'Chloee, be safe,' Claire thought as she flew towards her Master who was waiting for her return. 'For Celeste's sake, and my sake as well.'

Now that the War between the Heir of Darkness, the Alliance, and the Holy Order of Light had reached a turning point, it was only a matter of time before the frail balance of power would be shattered once again.