Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1214 Merit Points lnside William's Domain

A month had passed since Lira, Ephemera, and to a certain extent, Cherry, had met up with William.

Many things had happened since then and among them was the victorious news of the alliance having won against the Demon Army in liberating the Zoterra Empire, which was the first Empire to have fallen into Felix's hands.

The Pope of the Holy Order of Light wasn't stupid. She knew that Ahriman could not interfere as he had with the port city of Alabaster for a short period of time, so she immediately mobilized the army of the Holy Order, alongside the Alliance, and fought a grueling month-long battle with Felix's army.

During this battle, a third of the Demonic Army was wiped out. All of the soldiers of the Zoterra Empire had died in this battle because they had been forced to fight regardless of will. Ahriman had corrupted all of them, so they fought like berserked warriors, which had dealt a devastating blow to the armies of the Alliance.

With this defeat, the Demon Army was forced to retreat to the three kingdoms that were still under their control. The Leaders of the Alliance and the Pope all agreed that they couldn't pursue the Demon Army for the time being due to the number of casualties they had from their last battle.

Now that the Empire of Zoterra had been freed from the Demon's control, the next problem was who would manage it?

Felix had killed all the male heirs of the Royal Family and the Princesses were still in his grasp. Having no leader to take the throne, the Holy Order of Light volunteered to let one of their Inquisitors temporarily manage the affairs of the Empire.

Although the Alliance didn't like this outcome, they were left with no choice but to agree. After all, the Holy Order of Light had Four Pseudo-Gods under its command. It was simply impossible for them to go against their will.

Now that they had finally secured a victory against the Heir of Darkness the morale of their army was at an all time high.

—--

Meanwhile in the Silvermoon Continent…Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

William watched as the Grim World Spider, which was the final boss of the Emerald Dungeon, turned into ashes in front of him.

After killing the boss, the black-haired teenager entered the dungeon core room and placed his hand over the Dungeon Core. A minute later, the dungeon core turned into particles of light and entered the obsidian gem on William's chest.

'With this, I had claimed twenty dungeons here in the Silvermoon Continent,' William thought. 'Optimus, please handle the rest.'

< Understood. Changing the settings of the Dungeon to Optimal Mode. >

The moment William returned to his Thousand Beast Domain, the Emerald Dungeon re-appeared in one of the areas inside it. All the Dungeons that William had conquered were automatically brought inside his Domain.

Aside from K-City, which had become the capital city of the Thousand Beast Domain, the City of Atlantis could be seen floating in the distance. None of the Demons, Monsters, and ladies in William's entourage, could enter it without William's permission.

The Guardian of the Lost City, Leviathan, would not allow anyone to enter, unless the Half-Elf was with them.

Because of this, the citizens could only admire the crystal-like city in the distance that faintly shone under the sunlight.

The black-haired teenager went to K-City to have a change of pace and wandered randomly along the streets of the city. All the Demons who saw him bowed their heads and greeted him respectfully, which he returned with a brief nod, and told them to continue whatever they were doing.

William had already gotten used to being venerated by the Demonic Clans that he had taken under his wing. For them, the Thousand Beast Domain was like paradise. They didn't have to constantly be on their toes, fearing that they would be attacked by the other Demon Clans for whatever reason striked their fancy.

They also didn't lack food, because the Thousand Beast Domain provided them with plenty of things to eat. Although they couldn't attack the Beasts living inside it, they could hunt fish, plant crops, forage for fruits, and participate in the construction of K-City, allowing them to earn Merit Points that they could exchange for things that they've never had before like a box of chocolates, coffee beans, and even modern clothing.

When he visited the Theme Park, he saw many Demon children riding the different attractions with big smiles on their faces. This was another method of using the Merit Point System. Unlike the ladies that served the black-haired teenagers, the Demons had to use Merit Points to purchase tickets, before they could access the rides.F

This was one of Optimus' ideas to allow the Demons to enjoy a different type of entertainment, aside from the constant wars that they had fought in the past.

"Ah!" Invidia gasped when she saw William. Instead of running away, the green-haired approached him while snacking on some cotton candy she bought just a few minutes ago.

"Are you looking for me?" Invidia asked. "Do you need my blood?"

"No," William replied. "Just taking a stroll."

"I see." Invidia had a look of disappointment on her face after hearing William's answer. Originally, she had been afraid whenever the Half-Elf would call for her whenever he wanted to drink her blood.

She had been a victim of how pleasurable the feeling was, and William used that to take advantage of her and drink her milk when she had taken Ella's form. However, ever since the two of them had talked things out, they came to an agreement that the Half-Elf couldn't force her to change her appearance, while she fed him her blood.

In return of Invidia's services, the black-haired teenager generously awarded her with Merit Points. At first, the green-haired beauty didn't know what she would do with them, but after hanging out in K-City with Medusa, she realized how important this currency was.

She was able to buy snacks, play games inside the Theme Park, dine inside cafes, as well as buy fashionable clothes, which had become the trend within the Demonic ladies inside the Thousand Beast Domain.

"Do you want some milk then?" Invidia asked with a hint of embarrassment on her face. "Only for the affordable price of ten thousand merit points."

"Okay. let's do it tonight after dinner."

"Great! I will finally be able to buy those clothes from Vickie's Secret."

William smirked after hearing Invidia's words. The tomboyish lady who had conflicts with him in the past was now gone. Instead, a lady who had become addicted to the modern comforts of K-City now volunteered to supply him with the drink that allowed himself to regain the feelings he had lost in the past.

"So, you're here, Invidia," Superbia appeared while holding two sticks of Jumbo Hotdogs in her hands. Just like her friend, she had become fond of the things that could be found in K-City, and would often help do a few tasks that allowed her to earn Merit Points as well.

She was quite envious of Invidia because the latter could easily gather Merit Points in the Thousands just by letting Wiliam drink her blood, and changing her appearance to go out on pretend dates with him, while impersonating Ella.

Of course, Superbia had become one of the ladies that supplied William with blood on a regular basis as well. Her reason for doing so was the same reason as everyone inside the Thousand Beast Domain, and that was by accumulating enough Merit Points to purchase whatever she wanted.

She had also been a big help in clearing some of the dungeons that William had conquered. This allowed her to rack up points, which had gone down the drain after playing in the arcade, and buying stuffed toys, which greatly surprised everyone, including her best friend Invidia.

"Will, have you finished conquering the Emerald Dungeon?" Superbia asked.

William nodded. "Just finished it half an hour ago."

"Just call me if you need help clearing the dungeons. I am free at the moment."

"Noted. I'll keep that in mind."

After having some small talk with the two Sinful Ladies that had already adapted inside his Domain, the Half-Elf returned to his Villa to rest.

He was quite happy to see the progress that was happening inside his Domain, and looked forward to what it would become once his battle with Felix was over.