Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1215 Turning The Tables On Felix,As Well As The Holy Order Of Light𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

"Welcome back, Master," Charmaine said with a smile. "Do you want some refreshments?"

"I'd love that," William replied. "Thank you, Charmaine."

Charmaine smiled sweetly as she went to the kitchen to prepare some refreshments for the Half-Elf who had spent a day capturing a dungeon by himself.

William laid on the couch and covered his eyes with his hand. He knew that he already had the strongest faction in the world, but he didn't like to take chances. This was why he decided to use his two-month break to continuously capture the Dungeons in the Silvermoon Continent.

He didn't care if the Dungeon was a low-ranked one or a high-ranked one, as long as it was a Dungeon.

There was one more Forbidden Ground in the Silvermoon Continent, but William had reached the maximum limit of Pseudo-Gods that he could contract with the strength of his soul. He knew that biting off more than he could chew would ruin everything he had built, so he didn't plan to add more Pseudo-Gods to his lineup.

Just as the Half-Elf was about to doze off, he felt something soft snuggle up to him, but it was not alone.

William subconsciously patted the head of the little Gorgon, Medusa, who would often snuggle up to him during his afternoon naps.

"Hehehe," Medusa giggled a bit before making herself comfortable. Soon, she dozed off just like a little girl who had been playing outside too much.

Naturally, the golden piglet, Gullinbursti, and the noisy mace, Sharur, always accompanied her. These three creatures all leaned on his body, like spoiled kids who wanted his attention.

The Half-Elf knew that this was their coping mechanism for the loss of his wife, Chiffon. The three of them would always accompany the pink-haired girl everywhere. Without her, the three just spent their days doing things to distract themselves from the pain of losing their Master.

When Charmaine returned, the corner of her twitched after seeing that the little gorgon, the golden piglet, as well as the talking mace, had destroyed her chance to talk to William in private.

In the end, she could only sigh before placing the tray of food in her hands on the table. The next thing that the pretty elf did was carry the glass of fruit juice and placed the straw near William's lips.

After the Half-Elf drank his fill, Charmaine spoonfed Wiliam with the cake that she had personally baked for him. After learning the joys of using an electric oven, the pretty Elf studied all the recipes that were available in K-City and baked to her heart's content.

"This is delicious," William said with a smile. "You have outdone yourself, Charmaine. Well done."

"Thank you, Master," Charmaine replied. "I still have more in the kitchen, so eat as much as you like."

The Half-Elf nodded his head as he allowed himself to be spoon fed by the pretty Elf that had devoted herself to his well-being.

Two hours later, the three troublemakers woke up and were lured away by the smell of Charmaine's cakes, leaving William alone.

Looking at the three figures disappearing from his vision, the Half-Elf could only shake his head helplessly before closing his eyes. He then activated the mark that he had placed on Cherry's forehead, which allowed him to see what she was seeing.

This magic was quite special because it was a hybrid spell that he had made with the help of Optimus. The System could place a tracker on anyone and allow the two of them to monitor their surroundings.F

This allowed William to see, hear, and to a certain extent, feel what they were feeling. The other stats like body temperature, heart rate, brain waves, and similar high-end data was being monitored by Optimus, allowing him to constantly monitor the little girl, who represented the Virtue of Charity.

As soon as William had opened his connection with Cherry, he found himself standing inside the conference room inside the Palace of Light. This was not the first time he had seen this place because he had been looking through the little girl's vision for the past month.

"After discussing with the Rulers of the various kingdoms, and empires, the plan to attack one of the Kingdoms under Felix's control is going to start in about a week," the Pope said with a serious expression on her face. "As usual, you girls will be at the center of the formation, and ensure that any tricks from the Demon Army will be thwarted at a moment's notice.

"Two of the Pseudo-Gods will always be by your side for added protection, while the remaining two will be on the front lines. The Heir of Darkness is now like a cornered rat, but if we push him too far, he will certainly bite back. Because of this, we didn't plan a complete eradication of his army. We will just annex the Slovell Kingdom, and make him understand his place."

Audrey, the Virtue of Fortitude, whom William had allowed to escape months ago raised her hand to voice out her opinion.

"Speak, Audrey." The Pope nodded her head to acknowledge her concern.

"I think this is a risky move," Audrey stated. "But, I also understand that we shouldn't just sit idly while the morale of the army is high. However, we must take necessary precautions just in case the Heir of Darkness had other tricks up his sleeve."

The Pope smiled because she also agreed with Audrey's concern. During the battle at the CIty of Alabaster, she had thought that they would finally be able to put an end to Felix's terror. However, just before they could capture the Demon Prince, Ahriman's Avatar appeared on the battlefield and thwarted their attempt.

"Don't worry, we will use the Celestial Raiments in this operation," the Pope replied. "However, you are only allowed to use it when your lives are in danger. It doesn't matter how many soldiers the Alliance loses. Their lives can't be compared to the lives of the seven of you. The moment something unusual happens, you have the permission to activate the Celestial Raiments, and allow your Patron Gods to descend and temporarily possess your bodies."

William who was listening to the discussion frowned. This was the first time he heard about the Celestial Raiments, which allowed the Gods of the Seven Virtues to descend on Hestia and possess their chosen ones.

'If Lira, Ephemera, and Audrey had this Celestial Raiment back then, the possibility of me being captured by them is high,' William thought. 'Since they didn't use it, there must be some kind of restriction for it. Do the Seven Deadly Sins have the same ability as well? I better ask Lilith, Invidia, and Superbia later.'

For William, a God appearing in Hestia, even if it was only temporary, could have a great impact on the outcome of the battle. Fortunately, he was now aware that such an artifact existed. A part of him was quite tempted to steal the Celestial Raiment and give it to one of the Sins, to allow them to call for their Patron Goddesses to support them in battle.

'Placing the mark on Cherry was definitely a good idea,' William mused. 'The next time Ephemera and Lira have the chance to visit me, I'll make sure to place the same mark on their bodies. That way, I will have more options when it comes to spying in the inner workings of the Holy Order of Light.'

William knew that, sooner or later, he, the Alliance, and the Holy Order of Light, were bound to face each other on the battlefield. What he was doing right now was learning as much as he could about his enemy before that time came.

That way, he would be able to counter the Trump Cards they had prepared for him, like the Celestial Raiment.

'As expected, defeating an organization that has existed in Hestia for thousands of years will not be easy,' William thought with a smile. 'Even so, as long as I play my cards right, it will not be impossible to turn the tables on them and steal the treasures they have in their possessions.'

As the meeting progressed, William decided to play a more active role in the battle that was about to start in a week's time.

This way, he could strike a blow not only to Felix, but to the Holy Order of Light, whose plan for Dominion was plain for everyone to see.