Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1217 Have A Taste Of Deez Nuts

"Well, hello there, two beautiful ladies," the Six-Eared Macaque said with a smile. "Nice weather we are having, eh?"

The sky above his head had already darkened, preventing the light of the sun from passing through. Lightning streaked in the sky and thunder boomed like the roaring of hundreds of lions.

"Yes, this is indeed a very nice weather we're having," Astrape replied. "Now. Will you kindly hand those two ladies over to us? Or must we take them by force?"

"Either way is fine with us," Bronte commented with a smirk. "You pride yourself with your speed, right? I wonder who is faster, you or us."

The Six-Eared Macaque snorted before giving his reply.

"Are you challenging me, darling?" the Six-Eared Macaque asked. "Even with these two ladies in my hands, I dare say that only a handful of beings can catch me in this world."

With a sudden somersault, the mischievous Monkey used the air to propel itself in the other direction, leaving the two ladies behind.

"Sorry ladies, but I already have a date," the Six-Eared Macaque laughed. "Next time, book a reservatio–"

The Monkey, who was still using Sun Wukong's appearance, stopped running when he saw the two ladies he had left behind were now standing in front of him once again.

"Well, that was quick," Astrape smirked. "I thought you said that there are only a handful of beings in this world that can catch you. I guess we're part of those select few, right?"

Instead of answering, the Six-Eared Macaque lowered his body and took a sprinting stance. A second later, a dust cloud appeared, as he sped up like a railgun moving faster than the speed of sound.

He had already placed a barrier on the two ladies in his arms to prevent them from getting hurt with his sudden acceleration. This was the trump card that allowed him to escape even the pursuit of the Monkey King, who was known for his overwhelming strength.

However, just as he was feeling cocky about finally escaping the two beauties, who had the same rank as him, he suddenly stopped running, and skidded across the ground, leaving a blazing trail behind him.

"Well, you are indeed fast," Astrape commented.

"But, not fast enough," Bronte stated. "Now, give us those two ladies before you get hurt."

The Six-Eared Macaque suddenly chuckled as if he heard something amusing.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"I guess I am being underestimated." the Six Eared Macaque sighed as he placed the two ladies on the ground between his feet. He then took a smoking pipe out of his ear, and twirled it around his fingers.

"In times long forgotten, there were Four Celestial Monkeys who went by the name the Four Monkeys of Havoc," The Six-Eared Macaque said as he held the smoking pipe in his hand firmly.

"The first is the Stone Monkey of Numinous Wisdom, who

Knows transformations,

Recognizes the seasons,

Discerns the advantages of earth,

And is able to alter the course of the planets and stars."

The Six Eared Macaque lit the smoking pipe and started to puff, blowing circles of smoke from his mouth before continuing his speech.

"The second is the Red-Buttocked Horse Monkey, who

Has knowledge of yin and yang,

Understands human affairs,

Is adept in its daily life.

And able to avoid death and lengthen its life."

The Six Eared-Macaque then casually scratched his right ear, as if talking made them feel itchy.

"The third is the Tongbi Gibbon, who can

Seize the sun and the moon,

Shorten a thousand mountains,

Distinguish the auspicious from the inauspicious,

And manipulate the planets and stars."

Finally the Six-Eared Macaque emptied his smoking pipe and gave it a light tap. A moment later, it extended until it became as tall as him.

"The fourth is the Six-Eared Macaque who has

A sensitive ear,

Discernment of fundamental principles,

Knowledge of past and future,

And comprehension of all things."

The Six-Eared Macaque then rested his weapon on his shoulder before pointing his thumb to his chest.

"I am the Six-Eared Macaque," the Six-Eared Macaque said as he undid his transformation, showing his true appearance. "One of the Four Celestial Monkeys of old. I have seen countless gazes of pity, not only from the two of you, but from everyone that I had met along the way, and I hate that gaze more than I hate running away."

The Six-Eared Macaque took a fighting stance as his eyes glowed a golden color, making the power of his Divinity burn brightly in his body.

"Come, little girls," the Six-Eared Macaque said in a challenging tone. "I'll let the two of you have a taste of Deez Nuts."

Astrape and Bronte exchanged a glance before shifting their attention back to the Monkey whose hair now stood on end.

The next second, the Six-Eared Macaque jumped into the air, and the two ladies followed suit.

High above the sky, powerful rumbling sounds were heard as the two Deities fought together against the Six-Eared Macaque that had decided to fight.

To their surprise, the majority of their attacks were either blocked or dodged. The attacks that had managed to land on the Monkey's body didn't seem to have any effect on him because his expression didn't change in the slightest.

"Sweep away all adversaries!" the Six-Eared Macaque shouted as he swung the smoking pipe towards the two ladies that were blasting his body with lightning bolts. "Lingyin Stick!"

The smoking pipe extended and grew to an enormous size, swatting the two ladies who were mid-air, and sending them crashing towards the ground.

The Monkey who was looked down upon by everyone in the Celestial Realm, with the exception of Sun Wukong, who truly knew his strength, stood tall on his floating cloud like a Sovereign.

"Well, How do you like Deez Nuts of mine?" the Six-Eared Macaque asked with a sneer.

As one of the Four Celestial Monkeys that were not bound by the laws of the world, he wasn't a doormat that anyone could step on.

He had chosen to take on that persona because it was easier if everyone looked down on him. Only on rare occasions would he let others see his strength, and when he did, he would not stop until he gave his enemies a good pounding!