Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1218 Just Where ls That Confidence Of Yours Coming From?

The Six-Eared Macaque scratched his right ear as he gazed down on the two ladies that had crashed several hundred meters away from him.

"How long do you plan to watch?" the Six-Eared Macaque asked as he turned his head to the left, looking at the top of the cliff in the distance. "Do you find this interesting, Your Royal Highness, the Prince of Darkness?"

A clapping sound reached the Six-Eared Macaque's ears as a portal appeared on top of the cliff.

"As expected of one of the Celestial Monkeys that defies the laws of the world," William said with a smile on his face. "Not bad."

The Six-Eared Macaque sneered before he vanished from his spot and instantly appeared in front of the Half-Elf.

"That was careless of you, Your Highness," the Six-Eared Macaque stated as he rested his weapon on William's neck. "Do you look down on me so much that you thought I'd just stand idly as you presented yourself in front of me? You must be out of your mind."

"I wasn't being careless," William replied as he gazed back at the Pseudo-God in front of him with a devilish smile on his face. "I know that you can't possibly hurt me."

"Hah? What kind of nonsense are you babbling about? If this is your poor attempt to buy time for those girls to come to your rescue, you're just waiting your breath. Although they are fast, I'm sure that I can smash your head before they can even blink."

"Oh? Do you dare to smash my head?"

The Six-Eared Macaque frowned as he gazed at the black-haired teenager who was looking at him with a fearless gaze. He thought that he would get the upper hand once he had taken the Dark Prince as his hostage, but for some reason, the person in front of him wasn't even feeling afraid of him.

As someone that could see through lies, the Six-Eared Macaque knew that the person in front of him was real and not a clone. Also, the moment he had rested his weapon on William's neck, the two ladies that had attacked him earlier didn't make any sudden movements.

Astrape and Bronte only glared at the Six-Eared Macaque and clenched their fists in frustration. They didn't expect William to come out of the Thousand Beast Domain and allow their enemy to get close to him, threatening his life.

"What kind of games are you playing, Your Highness?" the Six-Eared Macaque asked. "Do you really think I will not kill you?"

"You won't," William replied. "Because you can't."

"Excuse me?"

"Like I said earlier. Do you dare to kill me?"

The frown on the Six-Eared Macaque's face deepened after hearing William's fearless reply. He wasn't expecting this kind of reaction from his enemy, which made him look at the Half-Elf in a different light.

"Just where is that confidence of yours coming from?" the Six-Eared Macaque asked in an annoyed tone. "You're testing my patience, Prince."

William chuckled as he looked at the Six-Eared Macaque's annoyed expression. The reason why he came out of the Thousand Beast Domain in order to take a gamble was because Sun Wukong had told him everything about his opponents.

The Bull Demon King, Princess Iron Fan, Da Peng, and finally, the Six-Eared Macaque, who was one of the four Celestial Monkeys like Sun Wukong.

Among the four Pseudo-Gods under Felix's command, the Six-Eared Macaque had a very peculiar ability.

—----

"The fourth is the Six-Eared Macaque who has

A sensitive ear,

Discernment of fundamental principles,

Knowledge of past and future,

And comprehension of all things."

—----

"You know, you remind me of Psoglav," William said. "Do you know of him?"

The Six-Eared Macaque snorted. "Are you talking about that Demonic Mutt? The one who was afraid of dying?"

"Yeah. You remind me of him."

"You're starting to annoy me."

As if to make a point, the Six-Eared Macaque grabbed hold of William's robes and raised him up in the air.

"Don't push me," the Six-Eared Macaque growled. His tone was as cold as ice. "I guess I'll just have to bring you back and let Felix and Ahriman deal with you."

William chuckled after hearing the Six-Eared Macaque's words. He had already confirmed his suspicions earlier, so he already knew what to do next.

"Back then, I believe you said that you only stand with the winning side, right?" William asked in a teasing tone. "Tell me, after everything that happened, do you still believe that you are standing at the winning side?"

"Are you talking about our losses against the Alliance and the Holy Order?" the Six-Eared Macaque replied. "You already know that we are free to go anywhere we want with Ahriman's power. Even if we lose all the territories we have right now, we can just conquer more. Also, as long as I bring you, and those two girls with me, we have already won this war."

"Right," William nodded his head in agreement. "But, that is only true if you bring me and those two Virtuous Ladies back, right?"

The Six-Eared Macaque pulled the Half-Elf towards him until their faces were only a few centimeters apart. "And, who can stop me from doing so?"

"Them?" William replied as he used his thumb to point behind him.

The Six-Eared Macaque shifted his gaze towards the Half-Elf's back and saw a lineup that made his heart tremble in his chest.

Sepheron, Titania, Triton, the three Nymphs, and Leviathan, who was simply standing in place and looking somewhere else appeared in his vision.

Nine Demigods, including Astrape and Bronte, surrounded the Six-Eared Macaque. It was a force that would make the Bull Demon King and Princess Iron Fan flee in fear due to how outnumbered, and outclassed they were.

"Hah! I knew you were amazing since the first time I saw you," the Six-Eared Macaque said with a flattering smile as he placed William down and fixed the robe that he had crumpled a mere moment ago.

He even licked his thumb and used it to straighten the creases on William's clothes, making it look brand new.

"Compared to you, that Felix fellow looked like a turd," the Six-Eared Macaque stated. "I don't really like to serve that weakling, but since Eve is a good girl, I decided to stay and protect her from his clutches. You know, your cousin is such a nice person, I feel like I was born to be her protector. In fact, we are so close that he calls me Big Brother Monkey from time to time."

William smiled and nodded his head in understanding. "Eve is indeed a good girl. How is she?"

"She's fine! I always make sure that she eats, and sleeps on time," the Six-Eared Macaque replied. "I have become her nanny. Even now, I want to go back to her side to ensure that she's not being mistreated while I am away."

He was doing his best to ingratiate himself with William so the latter would let him off the hook so he could return to the little priestess that made him feel safe.

"Six-Eared Macaque, do you know why I appeared in front of you?"

"No."

The Six-Eared Macaque really didn't know why William had appeared in front of him. Even now, he could kill the Half-Elf in less than a second, and he was certain that none of the Pseudo-Gods under his command could save him.

Even so, instead of retreating to safety, the Half-Elf remained standing in place, giving him many opportunities to end his life.

"It is because I am certain that you will not kill me," William replied. "You asked me earlier where my confidence is coming from, and my confidence comes from Sun Wukong's trust in you."

"Trust in me?" the Six-Eared Macaque tilted his head in confusion. "He trusts me?"

"Yes. He trusts in your nature."

William then created a sound proofing barrier to prevent other people, including his subordinates from hearing the words he was about to say.

"You are someone who doesn't like to antagonize beings more powerful than you," William said in a teasing manner. "Since you know that Eve is my cousin, you also know that I have a connection with David.

"Not only that, there are also my two Patron Gods backing me as well. One is the God of All Trades, the other is a Primordial Goddess. This is why you didn't attempt to kill me earlier. You know that the moment you do that, you are going to spend your life running away from them. This is why you said that you would bring me back to let Felix and Ahriman so the two of them could deal with me. You are afraid of making a choice that will put you between a rock and a hard place."

The Six-Eared Macaque scratched his head because what William said was exactly what he was thinking. After getting pounded nearly to death by the God of Shepherds, he really didn't want to experience such a beating again.

It was fine if he fought against Pseudo-Gods. He was confident that he could either run away, or defend himself from their pursuit. But against Gods, the Celestial Monkey would revert to his former flattering demeanor in order to save himself from the trouble of getting beaten up.

"Fine, you won," the Six-Eared Macaque said with a sigh. "What do you want from me?"

"I want you to return to Felix's army, and stay by Eve's side," William said before pressing his finger on the monkey's forehead. "You don't have to do anything. Just act like you normally do."

"That's it?"

"That's it."

The Six-Eared Macaque then glanced at the two Virtuous Ladies that were still unconscious on the ground.

"What about them?" the Six-Eared Macaque asked.

William glanced at the two ladies before shifting his gaze back at the Monkey in front of him. "I'll deal with them."

"Okay. Then, I should be going now."

"Wait. Don't go just yet."

Before the Six-Eared Macaque could even ask why William stopped him, he saw black flames, black lightning bolts, water dragons, as well as holy arrows, flying in his direction.

"... F*ck."

That was the last word that the Six-Eared Macaque was able to say, before all of the Pseudo-God's attacks landed on his body.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m