Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1219 Let The Game Begin!

"Oi! Wake up you stupid Monkey!"

The ear-piercing shout made the Six-Eared Macaque jump up from fright as he looked around him with a wary gaze.

"What happened to you?" the Bull Demon King asked as he looked at the Monkey's disheveled appearance. "No. Who did this to you?"

The Six-Eared Macaque scratched his ears before saying "It's a long story", which made Princess Iron Fan look at him with disdain.

"Judging by the destroyed Teleportation Gate and your very sorry look, you must have been ambushed by someone," Princess Iron Fan stated. "Who did it? Was it the Alliance? The Holy Order?"

"Mmm, it was the Holy Order," the Six-Eared Macaque replied with a grieved expression. "They hid their true strength. Aside from the Pseudo-Gods that we know, they had two more lying in wait."

The Bull Demon King frowned after hearing this piece of news. He didn't doubt the Six-Eared Macaque's words because he had indeed sensed the presence of two Pseudo-Gods when he and Princess Iron Fan arrived at the scene.

"What about the war?" the Six-Eared Macaque asked in order to change the topic.

Princess Iron Fan snorted as she unfurled her fan and fanned herself. "What did you expect? The two of us were completely outnumbered, so we just did our best to kill as many people as we could before making our escape. We thought that we had managed to secure a win after capturing those two girls, but it seems that you failed to meet our expectations as always."

The Six-Eared Macaque averted his gaze in embarrassment. He looked so pitiful that Princess Iron Fan had the strong urge to kick him due to how useless he was.

"Let's go back," the Bull Demon King said with a sigh. "We need to rethink our strategy. We underestimated the Holy Order of Light. It seems that they were just biding their time to use their Trump Cards."

Without another word, the Bull Demon King flew towards the Kingdom of Zabia. Now that the Teleportation Gate was destroyed, they had no choice but to make their way there the hard way.

Princess Iron Fan kicked the Six-Eared Macaque's leg before flying away in a foul mood. Clearly, she was very unhappy with how things turned out.

The Celestial Monkey watched the two go and shook his head helplessly.

"That hurt," the Six Eared Macaque muttered as he lightly rubbed his face. "Couldn't you have done it in a gentler way?"

After heaving a depressed sigh, the Six-Eared Macaque changed into Sun Wukong's appearance and somersaulted in the sky. He then landed on top of a floating cloud, and urged it to follow his two comrades, who were leaving him behind.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

—---

"Ugh… my head."

Shana, who represented the Virtue of Prudence, held her aching head with her right hand, while using her left to prop herself up from the cold floor that she was lying on.

After scanning her surroundings she immediately saw her friend, Melody, who represented the Virtue of Faith.

"Melody, are you alright?" Shana lightly shook her friend who was still unconscious.

After her persistent attempt to wake one of her Sisters, Melody groaned before opening her eyes.

"Shana?" Melody held the back of her head, which had been hit by the Six-Eared Macaque to render her unconscious. "What happened? Where are we?"

"We have been captured by the enemy," Shana replied. "We were careless and didn't prepare enough to prevent a sneak attack from behind."

Melody winced as Shana used a healing spell to relieve the pain that she was feeling. After a minute, the pain completely disappeared as the healing magic healed her injury completely.

"Thank you, Shana," Melody said before looking at their surroundings. "I've heard many foul things about the Heir of Darkness. If those stories are true, then both of us are in grave danger."

Shana nodded her head in agreement. The Pope had warned them of the things that Felix would do to them once they were captured. Although they didn't know if it was possible, the Pope insisted that the Heir of Darkness might have found a way to absorb their Divinities and take their power away from them.

The two were surrounded by a thick black mist that prevented them from seeing past a dozen meters. Both of them raised their awareness to the highest level, as they unleashed the power of their Divinities, in order to deal with whatever foul plans the Heir of Darkness had in store for them.

"It's good to see that both of you are awake."

The two Virtuous Ladies turned their heads in the direction where the voice was coming from. As if waiting for that moment, the black mists slowly parted, revealing a devilishly handsome Half-Elf that was seated on a black throne, and looking at them with a calm expression on his face.

"Are you Felix?" Shana asked. "What do you plan to do with us?"

"You are making a big misunderstanding with your statement there," William replied. "I am not Felix. I am the one that saved the two of you from the Six-Eared Macaque who kidnapped you on the battlefield."

Melody, who was just observing the black-haired teenager, stood in front of Shana as if to shield her from harm.

"You are the Dark Prince," Melody stated. "William Von Ainsworth, correct?"

William nodded "Yes. Since you know my name, I think it is only proper that the two of you introduce yourselves. After all, I did save your lives."

Melody glanced at Shana, who nodded her head.

"I am Melody."

"Shana."

William waited for a while to see if the two ladies would say anything else, but looking at their faces, he knew that the two didn't plan on saying anything else.

"Okay, Melody, Shana, like I said earlier, I am the one that saved you," William said in a tone that was similar to an adult trying to teach a child on how to speak. "Aren't you going to thank me?"

Melody frowned and didn't reply to William's question. It was Shana who took the initiative to reply to William's words.

"Thank you," Shana replied. "Can you let us go now? I believe we have signed a non-aggression pact between our two factions. Both sides cannot do anything to harm each other's interest."

William nodded his head. "That is true. We have signed an agreement. This is why I am waiting for the two of you to fulfill your part of the agreement."

"Hah? What do you mean?" Shana asked.

"Simply put, I had no obligation to save the two of you," William answered in a calm tone. "Yet, I did. This means that the two of you owe me for saving your lives. I didn't violate our agreement. In fact, I even helped the two of you.

"This is a fact. If Felix was the one that had captured the two of you, I'm sure that both of you would have been stripped naked by now, and forcefully pinned down on the bed. Don't you agree?"

Melody shook her head in defiance. "That won't happen. The reason is simple, we have a means to make him wish he never kidnapped the two of us in the first place."

"Oh? How curious." William smiled. "Well, it doesn't matter. I don't care what you think. The fact still remains that you will not be able to leave this place until you properly repay me for saving the two of you. If you don't agree, you can use whatever trump card you have to leave this place or harm me. But, take note, if you do that, you will be breaking our contract."

Shana clenched her fist in anger. Although she didn't believe that forcefully escaping from wherever they were would break the contract, she couldn't take that chance. Afterall, if she broke the contract, William would have the right to treat them, and order them around, as he wished, make them his own personal slaves as it were.

"What do you want from us?" Melody asked in a calm manner. "As long as it is within our power, and doesn't go past our bottomline, we are willing to accommodate your request."

"Does that apply to your friend as well?" William asked back.

"Yes." Shana nodded. "Just spit it out already!"

William smiled because he was waiting for this moment. He knew that he couldn't really break the contract because if he did, he would become Celeste's slave for a year. He just used the condition that he saved the two Virtues to make them feel that they were indebted to him, allowing him to gain a little advantage over them in their negotiation.

"You have two choices," William replied. "The first is to let me drink your blood for one week. You already know that I am part vampire, so if you allow me to drink your blood for a week, I will let you go. The war is still ongoing, so I'm sure that the Alliance and the Holy Order will continue to fight until they have completely occupied the Slovell Kingdom. If you don't return soon, things might get a little difficult for your sisters."

"What is the next option?" Melody asked. If possible, she didn't want to have her blood drunk by the Dark Prince, whose power was still unknown to them.

"Simple, you just need to beat these three in a game of Dance Dance Evolution," William answered as he pointed at Medusa, Gullinbursti, and Sharur, who appeared beside him. "If you beat these three, then the two of you can go back."

"Very well," Shannon stated. "I will choose to fight these three in this game called Dance Dance Evolution."

Shana held the virtue of Prudence, while Melody held the Virtue of Faith. With their powers, they believed that they wouldn't have a hard time dealing with a little girl, a golden piglet, and a floating mace, in whatever game that the Dark Prince had in store for them.

"Great," William said while chuckling internally. "Let the game begin!"

Although Medusa, Gullibursti, and Sharur looked harmless on the outside, these three free loaders had conquered every game inside the Arcades in the City, making them the three Big Bosses that no one inside the Thousand Beast Domain was able to defeat.