Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1220 Evil And Childish At The SameTime

"W-Where are we?"

"This place is called an Arcade."

William had assigned Medusa to babysit the two Virtuous Ladies and take them to the arcade where they would have their match against her, Gullinbursti, and Sharur.

"... What is that thing?" Shana asked. "Are those toys inside it?"

"That? You call that a Crane Game," Medusa replied. "You can win a toy if you manage to grab one using a crane."

The Arcade was generally noisy at this time because several Demons, mostly children, were inside the Arcade playing games. When the two Virtuous Ladies saw the Demons, their initial thoughts were that they were their enemies, but since they were inside William's domain, they didn't make a move to attack the children.

Instead, they peppered the purple-haired girl with a lot of questions about all the brightly colored and glowing "artifacts" that they were seeing for the first time.

"Well, here we are," Medusa said as she faced the two ladies and spread her arms wide. "This is the Dance Dance Evolution. We will have our match here."

"Good," Shana replied. "I can't wait to get away from this place."

Medusa chuckled as she eyed the Virtuous Lady of Prudence that had shoulder-length blue hair and eyes filled with ridicule.

The little Gorgon and her friends were the undisputed Queen and Kings of the Arcade World. Clearly, she felt disdain for the two noobs who had just entered her territory, and thought that they could beat her that easily.

"Well then, I will teach you how this artifact works," Medusa said. "First, please stand over there."

The purple-haired little girl pointed at one of the Dance Pads in front of her.

"What's this?" Melody asked. She had been quietly observing her surroundings, but she found this big artifact that was placed at the center of the Arcade quite interesting.

"It's a dance pad," Medusa replied.

"D-Dance pad?" Melody blinked. "This is where we are going to dance?"

Medusa nodded and gave the Virtuous Lady of Faith with reddish-brown hair the "Isn't that obvious?" stare, which made the latter frown.

"Well? What are you waiting for?" Medusa asked. "I can't teach you if you just stand there all day. If you are planning to waste my time, I'm going to leave."

"Wait!" Shana walked toward the dance pad and stepped on top of it. "Okay, now what?"

"Look at the screen in front of you. You will be given some options to choose a song as well as its difficulty level. Let's start with something simple. Choose 'Boom Boom Collar', and choose the Normal Difficulty. You can use your feet to tap on the arrows to navigate the settings."

"Like this?"

Shana lightly tapped on the dance pad using her foot, and the song list that was displayed on the big screen in front of her started to move.

As she tapped on the list of songs, they would briefly play the song that she had selected. Finally, after finding the song that Medusa had told her to try. Medusa then told her to tap the green button with her foot to confirm that this was the song that she selected.

After choosing the difficulty level of the song, the screen lit up and Medusa also stepped on the dance pad right beside her.

"Do you see the four arrows at the very top?" Medusa asked. "Once the moving arrow moves to that location, you tap it at the same time with your feet. Like so~"

The moment a moving arrow reached the left arrow, Medusa tapped the left arrow of the dance pad and the word "Perfect!" appeared on it.

"The mechanics of the game are simple," Medusa explained. "You just tap on the arrow as the song plays. If you fail to tap on the right arrow with your foot, that gauge decreases. The moment the gauge becomes zero, the game will end. Now you try it."

At first, Shana kept on missing the arrows that were going upwards as the song played. However, she was a warrior, so after trying a few more times, she got the hang of it.

A bit later, Melody also joined her and the two virtuous ladies practiced stepping on the dance pad as the song played.

'This is kind of fun,' Shana thought as she started to enjoy tapping on the arrows on the dance pad in time with the song.

Melody was also having fun, and although both girls tried their best to hide it, their hips were starting to sway as they tapped in rhythm with the song.

"Today will just be a practice day," Medusa stated. "You can challenge me tomorrow when you get the hang of it. Remember, this is just the normal difficulty. There are still the Novice, Expert, Professional, Genuine, Hero, and Paranoia Mode."

The two ladies nodded their heads in understanding. They knew that they wouldn't be able to beat Medusa in their current state, so they doggedly practiced until they were able to attain the "Good" and "Great" points as they tapped on the Dance Pad.

William, who was monitoring the two ladies' progress from within his Villa smirked. He knew that the Virtues were proud ladies. He had signed a non-aggression pact with the Holy Order of Light, so it was impossible for him to break it.

The only thing he could do was use a loophole that he could exploit in order to make the two Virtues understand that he was not their enemy, at least for now. Also, he had other reasons for letting them see the situation of the Thousand Beast Domain.

The Virtues had been gathered by the Holy Order of Light and taught a few things. One of them was that Demons were evil.

In the past, William would have agreed with this teaching. But, after going to the Demon Continent himself, he understood that not all demons were the same. Just like Humans, there were good and bad Demons.

Some Demon Clans, like the ones William had taken under their wing, only wanted to live peaceful lives. If possible, they didn't want to participate in wars, and he wanted to teach the two Virtues that most of the teaching from the Church weren't correct.

Right now, he wanted to increase the contact the two ladies had with the Demon Tribes, which was why he decided to present two options to the Virtues after saving them. He knew that both of them would reject the option of having their blood drunk by him, so he decided to use the "playing a game" as an excuse to allow them to mingle with the Demons.

"Anh, make sure to send the children to play with the Virtues in two days," William ordered.

"Yes, Lord William," a one-horned young lady with light-brown hair and green eyes replied. Anh was the granddaughter of the Patriarch of the One-Horned Tribe who had sworn his loyalty to the Half-Elf from the very beginning.𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

She would also go to the Villa to offer her blood to the black-haired teenager, even if the latter didn't ask for her to come. In the end, William completely gave up and just allowed the brown-haired beauty to do as she wished.

As one of William's loyal subjects, she had complete faith and trust to the Dark Prince, who had only shown care and kindness, not only to her tribe, but to the other Demon Tribes as well.

The Patriarchs of the Demon Tribes would always praise William due to how wonderful the Thousand Beast Domain was. For them, this was simply paradise, and they would not leave, even if they were offered the opportunity to live in the Capital City of the Demon Realm.

"Lord William, will the two Virtues manage to defeat Medusa?" Anh asked.

"Impossible," William smiled. "How can they win against her? She's been playing that game since she came to this place."

Anh chuckled before nodding her head in understanding. Although she didn't know what her Master had planned for the two Virtues, one thing was clear.

'They won't be going anywhere anytime soon,' Anh thought with a smile. 'How could Lord William be so evil, and childish at the same time? Still… I don't dislike this side of him.'

The brown-haired beauty continued to sit beside the Half-Elf, and watched the two dancing Virtues with an amused expression on her face.