Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1221 l Won't Lose To A Pig!

After a few hours of dancing, Medusa took the virtues to eat at one of the cafes inside the Theme Park that was being operated by the Demons.

The currency inside the Thousand Beast Domains is called Merit Points. Everyone wore a bracelet on their wrist, where their Merit Points were stored.

They could earn Merit Points by doing jobs like selling food, making and selling crafts, participating in construction, exploring the Dungeon, in addition to taking care of William.

Among William's subordinates, Medusa was part of the Upper Class in the Thousand Beast Domain because William treated her like a pet.

The Half-Elf would give her a good number of Merit Points as part of her monthly allowance. However, the little Gorgon wasn't satisfied with her pocket money. Because of this, she would take on construction jobs, sell stuff, and be a blood donor to William.

William's blood donors got thousands of Merit points in one session, so this job was highly sought after by almost everyone in the Thousand Beast Domain.

Even Invidia and Superbia, who had settled inside William's Domain, learned the importance of Merit Points, and took the initiative to offer him her blood for these points that allowed them to buy the things they liked.

Invidia's earning for the past month had even surpassed Charmaine's, who was William's personal maid. However, her earnings would disappear the next day because she had become addicted to fashion.

She always purchased the latest clothes from Vickie's Secret, which fetched a price of tens of thousands of Merit Points, making her become William's most frequent customer.

"T-This is so good," Melody exclaimed after eating the cheesecake that was served to her. "I've never tasted something this good before."

"Sister, you ain't seen nothing yet," Medusa replied with a smug expression on her face. "Just eat whatever you want. Today will be my treat."

Shana who was eating a slice of triple-layered chocolate cake was at a loss for words due to how delicious it was.

Teenage ladies were quite weak to dessert, so William especially told Medusa to bring the two ladies to one of the cafes in the theme park and have them try the desserts.

The Half-Elf had generously given Medusa some Merit Points so that she could treat the two Virtues to get them addicted to the food inside the Thousand Beast Domain.

William was confident that the moment the two girls left his Domain, every dessert and snack that they would eat afterwards would taste like dirt!

Sometimes, conquering your opponents doesn't necessarily mean to defeat them in battle. Usually, you just need to feed them something good before they beg for more.

The black-haired teenger, who was watching this scene from his Villa, chuckled. He then ordered Medusa using telepathy to order a few more cakes of different flavors, so that he would know what the two Virtues liked the most.

—-

The next day…

"Are you sure that you are now ready to face me?" Medusa asked with her arms crossed over her chest. She was like the final boss that excluded smugness, which made the competitive Shana snort.

"Do not underestimate us Virtues," Shana replied. "We have practiced dancing this Boom Boom Collar Song in Normal Difficulty until dawn!"

"Pffft!" Medusa covered her lips as she snickered. "You feel so proud after finishing Normal Difficulty? Very well, I will teach you the difference in our strength. After today, you will know true despair. Let's go, Gullibursti! Sharur!"

"Oink!"

"Hmph! Noobs who don't know their place."

The golden piglet, as well as the floating mace positioned themselves on one of the arrows on the dance pad. Medusa then placed her two feet on the two remaining arrows and looked at Shana with a teasing gaze.

"Are you ready?" Medusa asked.

"Hah! Even if the three of you worked together, you won't be able to beat me!" Shana replied. "Consider this as a handicap from me."

Medusa didn't reply and just chose the song Boom Boom Collar. She then glanced at the confident Shana before tapping her right foot to increase the difficulty level, setting it to the highest level of Paranoia.

As soon as the song started, several rows of arrows that formed combinations that required stepping on two arrows at the same time flashed on the screen. Shana had already seen this happen before, so she understood the mechanics.

However, she almost got dizzy after seeing the inhumanely weird patterns that appeared on the screen in front of her.

"What in God's name…," Shana's mouth opened wide as she stared helplessly at impossible combinations in front of her.

Even Melody who was just watching from the side had the same expression as her Sister. Both of their eyes opened wide as they stared at the diabolical difficulty level that was impossible to clear.

At least, that was what they thought.

Medusa danced as she criss-crossed her hands with peace signs over her face. Gullinbursti and Sharur were hitting the dance keys perfectly, synchronizing with her, allowing her to reach 200+ Combo Points in just a short period of time.

Shana desperately tapped the keys with her feet like a crazy woman, but it was to no avail. The patterns were very different to the ones that she had memorized, and it completely took her by surprise.

Soon, the gauge on her side of the screen emptied and a "YOU LOSE!" text appeared in front of her.

Medusa finished the song and got a SSS Ranking score, which had set a new record, surpassing her personal best.

"Oh yeah!" Medusa raised her hand in a peace sign as she, Gullinbrusti, and Sharur, exchanged high fives, high paws, and high mace.

"... This is cheating," Shana said with eyes similar to that of a deadfish. "This is not fair."

"Hah? You're still not satisfied with your loss?" Medusa asked. "Fine, I will make you understand that even if we fought you one by one, you're still a hundred years too early to defeat the Three Mascoteers! Gullibursti, I choose you!"

"Oink!"

Medusa and Sharur left the dance pad and allowed Gullinbursti to choose the difficulty setting of the song.

Shana, who had regained her fighting spirit, looked down on the little piglet with a determined gaze.

"I won't lose to a pig!" Shana stated. "If I lose, I'll imitate a pig for half a day."

"Great!" Medusa clapped her hands. "That is a promise then. Master told me that Virtues keep their promises, so I look forward to you acting as a pig for half a day."

"Bring it on!"

"I'll make sure I light some incense for you tonight."

The Golden Piglet ignored the bickering of the two girls as it religiously tapped the keypads in order to unlock the secret difficulty setting.

After tapping the right key combinations, Gullinbursti chose the "Super, Mega, Ultra, Extremely Easy Mode!"

As soon as the song started, a single arrow moved veeeeeeeeeeeeeery slowly upwards.

Shana who saw this blinked her eyes in confusion.

Gullinbursti simply stared at the screen and waited patiently until the arrow hit the mark.

Five seconds passed…

Ten seconds passed…

Fifteen seconds passed…

Twenty seconds passed…

Finally in the twenty-third second, Sharur stepped on the left arrow, scoring a Perfect! Score.

Meanwhile, Shana had stepped a second late, missing the chance to score a point. Several more arrows appeared, but Shana wasn't even able to hit it properly because she would either be half a second late, or half a second early.

This frustrated the Virtuous Lady of Prudence, making her miss the other opportunities she had to score a point.

Gullinbursti was not aware of its opponent's suffering as it calmly, and religiously, stepped on the arrow keys with perfect timing.

When the song ended, only thirteen arrows had been released by the machine, and Gullinbursti scored them all perfectly.

Shana looked at her 0 score with shame and embarrassment before running away from the Arcade with all of her might.

Medusa watched her go with a devilish smile on her face before shifting her gaze to Melody, who stood rooted in place.

"How about you?" Medusa asked. "Are you now ready to challenge us?"

Melody felt her heart shudder after looking at Medusa's smug-filled eyes.

"... Today, I will just practice first,' Melody replied. "I still have many things to learn."Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Mmm, you do that," Medusa replied with a smile. "I'll just pick up Ms. Piggy first and make her fulfill her promise. We can't have her running away after she promised to imitate a pig for half a day, right?"

Medusa chuckled before leaving a helpless Melody behind. She hadn't had this much fun since Chiffon had died, so having the two Virtues around made her happy.

Meanwhile, William smirked as he watched the running Shana take refuge in one of the cafes outside the theme park.

The Half-Elf knew that after today, the two Virtuous Ladies would realize how impossible it was to beat Medusa in a short period of time. This would force them to reconsider his offer of having their blood drunk by him, which would make them fall into his hands.

Shana and Melody had nowhere to run, or hide, because everything inside the Domain was under his control. Even if they were to turn themselves invisible, or change their form into a bug, William would still be able to know where they were.

"Will, you seem like you are having fun," Haleth said as she sat beside William. "Did something good happen?"

(A/N: To those who forgot who Haleth is, she is the Vice-Commander of the Army in the Port City of Alabaster. She was the Half-Elf who had a one-sided crush on William.)

"Yes," William replied as he pulled Haleth towards him. "I might be eating a piglet tonight."

"A piglet?" Haleth blinked in confusion. "W-Wait! Are you planning to eat Gullinbursti? You can't do that, Will!"

The black-haired teenager smirked before planting a kiss on the pretty Half-Elf's cheeks, making the latter blush.

"Don't worry, I'm not going to eat Gullinbursti," William replied. "I plan to sink my fangs into a different piglet. One that doesn't understand that she's a pig at the moment."

"Um, I don't really know what you're planning to eat, but do it in moderation, okay?" Haleth said as she gave William a hug. "I don't want you to get an upset stomach."

William hugged the Half-Elf, whom he had accepted as his concubine, back. The two shared a passionate kiss and ignored the "piglet" who was hiding somewhere in the Thousand Beast Domain.

The black-haired teenager knew that sooner or later, that piglet would be served to him on a silver platter.

All that he needed to do was wait patiently until it had been cooked to perfection.