Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1222 You Might Regret This ln The Future, You Know?

"You useless Monkey!"

A resounding slap spread inside the throne room as an infuriated Felix glared at the Six-Eared Macaque who had lowered his head in shame.

"You only have one job and you couldn't even do it right!" Felix roared in anger. "You incompetent fool!"

The Heir of Darkness was very angry because he had lost the chance to not only have his way with two Virtuous Ladies and pluck their cherries, but also lost the opportunity to steal their Divinities to make them his own.

He didn't really care whether the Slovell Kingdom fell or not. What he truly cared about was the power of the two girls, whom he considered to be two of the fourteen best women in the world, including the members of the Seven Deadly Sins.

Truthfully, he felt that it had been a wasteful act to kill William's wives back then. If Ahriman had only captured them, he might have gained the power of Wrath, Lust, and Gluttony, but the Primordial God was more interested in absorbing their souls, and taking their Divinities for himself so he could unlock the seals that bound his body at a faster rate.

"Useless bastard!" Felix kicked, and punched, the body of the kneeling Six-Eared Macaque repeatedly to vent out his anger. "What's the use of keeping a useless monkey like you in my army when you can't even do one thing right?!"

The repeated blows made blood seep out of the corner of the Six-Eared Macaque's lips, but he didn't do anything and simply endured Felix's blows. Finally after several minutes had passed, Felix kicked him one last time in the face, sending him flying towards the exit of the throne room.

"Get out of my sight and don't show your face to me again for a week!" Felix ordered. "Just stay with that red-headed b*tch and make yourself useful!"

The Bull Demon King, Princess Iron Fan, and Da Feng just looked at this scene with calm expressions on their faces. They were also very disappointed with the Six-Eared Macaque, so they didn't speak out for him when Felix was giving him a one-sided beating.

When the doors of the throne room closed, the Six-Eared Macaque propped himself up from the floor and wiped the blood on his lips.

He stared at the closed door for a few seconds before turning around to go to where Eve was.

'Who'd want to serve an idiot like you anyway?' the Six-Eared Macaque thought as he jumped out of a window and flew towards the Temple of the High Priestess.

When he reached the temple, he saw Eve drinking some tea in the courtyard.

As if sensing his gaze, Eve waved to him and called him to join her for some tea. The Six-Eared Macaque felt that it wasn't a bad idea, so he agreed and a minute later, he landed beside the red-headed girl who was treated as a VIP by the Demon Race.

"You're hurt," Eve frowned as soon as she saw the Pseudo-God that acted as her guardian. "Were you hurt during the battle?"

"Yes," the Six-Eared Macaque replied. "But, this scratch is nothing. I'm strong, you know?"

The Six-Eared Macaque didn't dare to say that his injuries were caused by Felix because he knew that the green-haired Prince had planted some spies to always watch over Eve's every movement. Naturally, these spies watched him as well, preventing him from complaining about the unjust treatment he received just now.

"Come, let me heal you," Eve said as she stood up and inspected the injuries on the Six-Eared Macaque's body. "You should take better care of yourself. Although these injuries don't endanger your life, they are quite serious."

The Celestial Monkey was kneeling on the ground as he allowed Eve to use her Holy Powers to heal his injuries.

'If only Eve was the true leader of this army, I wouldn't mind doing my best for her sake,' the Six-Eared Macaque mused. 'She's such a good girl.'

A few minutes later, Eve had finished healing the injuries of the Six-Eared Macaque, making the latter feel extremely grateful to her. In truth, if he wished for it, Felix's blows wouldn't have been able to do much damage to him because of the difference in their rank.

However, since he understood that if the latter didn't get the opportunity to vent out his frustration and see him suffering, his punishment would have continued needlessly. Because of this, he lowered his defenses to allow the Heir of Darkness to beat him up to make the Prince feel better for the failure that he had caused him.

"Six-Eared Macaque, would you like to become one of my Guardians?" Eve asked.

"Eh? But, I am already one of your guardians, aren't I not?" the Six Eared Macaque pointed at his face.

The red-headed girl shook her head before smiling at the Celestial Monkey who was treated like a failure by Felix as well as his entourage.

"What I meant is to become my Guardian through a pledge," Eve stated. "In short, from now on, you will become my Heroic Spirit."

"Your Heroic Spirit?" the Six-Eared Macaque's eyes widened in shock. As one of the Celestial Warriors in the heavens, it was very possible for him to become the Heroic Spirit of a person, just like Sun Wukong was to William.

However, he never felt the strong urge to look for a contractor because he thought that it was just a troublesome thing to do. Also, he didn't like fighting much, so looking for a warrior to become his Partner had never crossed his mind.

But, Eve was different.

The little girl was very kind, smart, and to a certain extent very brave. The Six-Eared Macaque wouldn't mind becoming her Heroic Spirit one bit because this was something that he truly felt in his heart.

"Can I be your Heroic Spirit?" the Six-Eared Macaque asked. "I'm not really good at fighting you know?"Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

"That's fine," Eve answered.

"I'm pretty useless too."

"That's okay."

"I'm lazy."

"Sometimes, being lazy is good too."

"I have fleas?"

"Don't worry, just make sure to take a bath everyday and the problem is solved."

The Six-Eared Macaque chuckled. He could tell that Eve genuinely wanted him to become her Contracted Guardian, regardless if he was good or not. Because of this, he did something that he didn't usually do, and that was to place his rough right hand on Eve's head and lightly pat it.

"You might regret this in the future, you know?" the Six-Eared Macaque said softly. "I'm not really a good person."

Eve smiled and allowed the monkey to pat her head. "My Grandpa and cousin are also not good people. But, I'm sure that both of them would go to war for my sake. How about you? If something happens to me, would you also charge into a sea of flames, and a mountain filled with deadly blades?"

The Six-Eared Macaque stared at the red-headed girl, who was looking back at him with eyes as blue as the clear sky.

"If it's for you, I don't mind doing those things and more," the Six-Eared Macaque's voice was no longer playful, but had taken a serious tone. "For your sake, I don't care if I'm facing Pseudo-Gods, or Gods. I will fight them even if I have no chances of winning."

Eve reached out to cup the Six-Eared Macaque's face and pressed her forehead over his.

"I, Eve Von Ainsworth, hereby pledge to honor you as my Heroic Spirit," Eve said softly. "Regardless of what happens in the future, I hope that you stand by my side, and watch over me as I live my life to the fullest."

After saying her vow, Eve pulled back and offered her hand to the Six-Eared Macaque, which the latter held as if it was the most precious thing in the world.

"I, The Great Sage Informing Wind, one of the Four Celestial Monkeys, hereby pledge to honor, and protect, Eve Von Ainsworth to the best of my abilities," the Six-Eared Macaque said. "Regardless of what happens in the future, whether you are facing a storm, or fighting the greatest battle of your life, I will be there by your side.

"Even if you are to fight the world, I will stand as your vanguard, and not allow anyone to harm you, until I have breathed my last breath. This, I swear upon the heavens, and the heavens above the heavens. As it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be, worlds without end."

After making his pledge, the Six-Eared Macaque kissed Eve's hand.

A moment later, an emblem of a monkey with six ears appeared on Eve's right hand. This was the proof that the Six-Eared Macaque was now her Heroic Spirit, just as Sun Wukong was to her cousin, William.

—--

High above the Temple of the Ten Thousand Gods, where the Celestial Warriors stayed…

Sun Wukong poured wine in his cup and held it in his hands, staring into space.

"Cheers to you fellow Sage," Sun Wukong said as he held the wine cup, while watching over the Six-Eared Macaque's vow from the heavens. "May the path you chose lead you to the glory that you've coveted for the past thousands of years."

The Monkey King poured the wine out in front of him as an offering.

A moment later, in the World of Hestia, a light drizzle fell upon the Temple where the red-headed girl and the Six-Eared Macaque made their vows to help pave the way for a better and brighter tomorrow.