Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1223 The Carrot And Sweets Method

It took the Alliance three days to liberate the Slovell Kingdom from Felix's forces. Just as expected, the corrupted soldiers fought till their last breath.

In order to prevent casualties from happening in the Alliance, the Demigods, and Pseudo-Gods of the Holy Order of Light were the ones that dealt with these soldiers, leaving the entire Kingdom defenseless.

However, even after acquiring a new territory, the Holy Order of Light wasn't in the mood to celebrate.𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Two of the Seven Virtues were kidnapped. This not only lessened their fighting power, but lowered their morale as well. The Pope even considered immediately negotiating with Felix for their return, but she knew that if she did that, the Alliance would break apart, and everything would be all for naught.

Fortunately, before the Pope did anything reckless, Celeste received a message from Chloee telling her that Shana and Melody had been saved by William, and were currently being treated as guests in the Thousand Beast Domain.

However, when the Pope asked for their return, William's reply made her almost choke on the spot.

"They will be staying with me for a few weeks. If you don't like it then deal with it."

That was the reply that the Pope received from William, making her gnash her teeth in frustration. Even so, she felt a bit relieved because if the Virtues fell into the Half-Elf's hands, he wouldn't hurt them because they had signed a nonaggression pact, using the God of Contracts as a medium.

It was impossible for either side to harm each other because the one who did so first would instantly become the other's underling.

In the end, the Pope had no choice, but to let the two ladies stay with William for the time being, while the Alliance handled the aftermath of the battle.

Lira and Ephemera, who heard the news, glanced at each other. The two of them were thinking the same thing.

'Did he sink his fangs into them too?'

The two Virtues felt rather complicated about this possibility. They knew that William wasn't entirely evil, but he had a way of dealing with women, especially proud ones, and making them submit to him of their own accord.

Lira and Ephemera knew that even if William only drank their blood once, both of their Sisters might fall into his hands.

"I think it is best if we send a delegation in order to meet with the Prince of Darkness," Ephemera said after Celeste finished her report about Shana's and Melody's whereabouts.

"That's right," Lira said. "Although the Prince of Darkness is our temporary ally, we can't be too complacent. We must ensure that our Sisters are truly safe from harm."

Celeste and Claire glanced at the two ladies, but didn't say anything. They already suspected that Lira and Ephemera might have a close relationship with William, despite the fact that the two Virtues would always bad mouth the Half-Elf whenever an opportunity presented itself.

"Your worries are on point," the Pope replied. "However, who will we send to check on their conditions?"

"I'll go." Lira raised her hand. "I will definitely ensure that Shana and Melody are in good hands."

"No." Ephemera stood up. "I'll go. I believe that I have a good grasp of the Prince of Darkness' character. It will be best if I go."

Lira and Ephemera glanced at each other, and sparks flew from their eyes.

'B*tch! You just wanted to see Will!'

'Between the two of us, you are more of a b*tch. You even went as far as to gather his seed inside your womb and make yourself look pregnant.'

The two argued using Telepathy, while smiling at each other. The Pope and their Sisters didn't know that the two Virtuous Ladies were calling each other a b*tch, and throwing mud at each other.

"I don't think it's a good idea to send either of you to meet with the Prince of Darkness," Celeste said. "The one who should go must be me."

Lira and Ephemera stopped gazing at each other and glanced in Celeste's direction.

'Is this virgin b*tch in heat?'

'She doesn't want to be chaste anymore?'

Celeste, who was being stared at by the two ladies, just looked at them with a calm expression before continuing her explanation.

"As you all know, I am the Prince of Darkness' prophesied Bride," Celeste stated. "However, I can tell you with certainty that William doesn't want me. The one he loves is my sister, Celine."

Celeste didn't mention that Ceilne was pregnant with William's child. Although it was fleeting, she had felt the pulse of life inside her sister's womb, when she saw her during the battle in the Northern Regions of the Demon Realm.

'Damn right, b*tch,' Lira thought as the smile in her face widened. 'I asked him this question before I left, and he said that he doesn't really have any interest in you.'

Ephemera frowned, but didn't comment. She was there when Lira asked the question during their pillow talk with William, and the black-haired teenager assured them that the one he loved was Celeste's sister, Celine.

For him, Celeste was more than an acquaintance, but less than a friend. He was her student, and she was his teacher. That was the relationship that the two of them had.

"No. You can't go," the Pope stated. "Although what you say might be true, among the Virtues, your Divinity has a very strict requirement. The moment you lose your Chastity, is the moment you lose your Divinity. This is why you must stay here in the Palace of Light. We can't afford to have any accidents right now."

The Pope then glanced at the remaining Virtues who were present in the conference room and frowned.

Lira and Ephemera had been captured by William in the past, so their temper towards the Prince of Darkness was at an all time high. The Pope didn't want to send either of them because they might antagonize the Prince of Darkness, which was something she didn't want to do until they had dealt with Felix and Ahriman.

Cherry, on the other hand, was just eleven years old. She could be quite gullible at times, so it was impossible to nominate this task to her.

Audrey, the Virtue of Fortitude was present when Lira and Ephemera were captured by William. So was level-headed, and was the most ideal candidate to send for an inspection.

"Audrey, you will go and see to it that your sisters are not being mistreated by the Dark Prince," the Pope stated. "I will send ten Inquisitors with you to ensure your safety. No matter what happens, you must convince William Von Ainsworth to release your sisters at the soonest time possible. Do I make myself clear?"

"Yes," Audrey answered in a firm voice. "I will bring the two of them with me as soon as I can."

The Pope nodded her head in satisfaction. "You will leave in two days. Make the necessary preparations on your end. You can handpick the Inquisitors that will join you on your journey. Celeste, make sure to inform the Dark Prince that Audrey will come to meet with him."

"Understood," Celeste replied.

Although the Lady of Chastity was disappointed about not being able to properly talk to William, she also understood that the Pope was right. The moment she lost her Chastity, her Divinity would disappear, making her an ordinary woman.

Of course, the term ordinary was just a term that the Holy Order of Light would choose.

Even if Celeste lost her Divinity, she was still a strong Familiamancer in her own right, even though she only had Claire left on her side.

Lira and Ephemera sighed internally because they lost the chance to meet the Half-Elf whose tender kisses, and caresses, still lingered on their bodies. Leaving them to feel hot and bothered during the night.

The Pope and the other Virtues were unaware that the longer they delayed their visit to William, the closer Shana and Melody would be to falling into the palm of his hands.

—--

Meanwhile in the Thousand Beast Domain…

"I-I know what you're doing!" Shana said as she glared at William. "You are playing the carrot and stick method! I am not a fool. You won't get what you want."

"Is that so?" William asked. "By the way, these are the limited edition special macarons that you tried to buy yesterday, but were unable to because you don't have Merit Points. I bought them for you free of charge, no need to thank me."

Shana didn't hesitate to pick up one of the macarons and take a bite. The sweet and nutty flavor hit her taste buds, making her eat the rest of the macaron with her face painted in pure bliss.

"Here, have some more."

"Hmph! We are taught not to waste food. Don't think that you will be able to trick me with food."

Although she was saying these words in a grumpy manner, her hand continued to take the macarons offered to her without holding back.

William smiled as he watched the proud Virtue of Prudence, who should have a cautious nature, eat one macaron after the other.

Shana didn't know that after tasting the comfort, and sweetness that William had brought in her life, she would start to feel that the ones she had enjoyed before meeting the Half-Elf were plain and boring.

The blue-haired beauty didn't know that even if William didn't make a move to sink his fangs into her tender neck, she would gladly volunteer to let him do it, after spending a few more days in the Domain that she had come to think of as a second Garden of Eden.