Chapter 1224 Seducing Two Virtuous Ladies[Part 1]

"It's no use… this is impossible," Melody sighed as she looked at the score in front of her.

She had tried to fight Gullinbursti in Dance Dance Evolution, and out of the twelve matches they had, she wasn't able to win once.

The unnerving very slow arrow that seemed impossible to hit perfectly had become hers, and Shana's nightmare.

"..." Shana had no words to say as she stared at the little golden piglet that was now eating bacon strips in front of her. Just like Melody, she hadn't beaten the piglet even once.

The closest to winning they ever got to Sharur was when both of them had 12 Perfect! Scores in Boom Boom Collar. However, on the 13th and last arrow, Shana had only gotten a Great!, while Gullinbursti had a Perfect! Score, allowing the golden piglet to win the match.

Shana had been so frustrated that she no longer fought afterwards, leaving Melody to take one for the team.

Unfortunately, even the Virtuous Lady of Faith, had lost Faith in herself after the golden piglet shattered all of her hopes to pieces.

"Well, you should just give up and let Will drink your blood for a week," Medusa said with a smile. "You will be able to leave her faster if you do that rather than trying to beat us in Dance Dance Evolution."

"Kuh!"

"..."

The two Virtuous Ladies had already been in the Thousand Beast Domain for three days and, truth be told, they already understood that it was impossible for them to defeat the three Mascoteers in a short period of time.

Although it was humiliating for them, they had also already considered letting William drink their blood.

The other thing that was pushing the two Virtuous Ladies to choose this option was Merit Points.

Everything in the Thousand Beast Domain, whether it be food, clothes, or any other kinds of services, used Merit Points.

The two Ladies felt embarrassed whenever Medusa treated them to eat in the cafes or restaurants that served delicious food that they had never seen or eaten before. Melody's had just fallen in love with Custard tarts and Tiramisu, while Shana was more interested in the fashionable clothes that were being sold in the stores.

As Virtuous Ladies of the Holy Order of Light, they just wore robes most of the time. Even though it was well designed, a robe was still a robe, and couldn't compare to the dresses that were being sold in the different shops in the Thousand Beast Domain.

There was even a time when the two Virtuous Ladies met Invidia and Superbia while strolling around town.

The Sin of Envy, Invidia, had become a fashionista and always wore the latest trends from Vickie's Secret. Deep inside, Shana also wanted to wear such clothes because she found wearing robes to be plain and dull.

As a lady, she wanted to dress up and eat desserts.

Yesterday, Medusa had taken them to watch a movie, while eating popcorn, and the two ladies liked it very much. In just three days of spending inside the Thousand Beast Domain, they were finding it hard to believe that such a paradise existed.

"I'll do it," Shana said through gritted teeth.

"S-Shana?" Melody looked at her Sister with a surprised look on her face. "Are you serious?"

"Yes. You already know that this is going nowhere. We just need to let him drink our blood for seven days, and we can return to the Palace of Light. Wasting our time trying to beat them will only prolong our suffering!"

"... I guess you do have a point."

Melody sighed internally because she understood that if they chose the option of trying to beat Medusa, Gullinbursti, and Sharur, it might take them more than a week, perhaps even months, which was something that neither of them wanted.

"Fine, I will go with you," Melody stated after making up her mind.

Shana nodded. "Let's go."

A few minutes later, the two Virtuous Ladies arrived at the Villa where William was currently having an afternoon snack with Invidia and Superbia.

"Oh, you're back, Shana, Melody." William greeted the two with a smile. "Join us for some snacks. The two of you must be tired."Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"We didn't come here to have snacks, Sir William," Melody replied. "We came here to choose the first option that you have given us three days ago. I hope that you coul–"

"We have Tiramisu," William commented.

"On second thought, please let us join you," Melody smiled so sweetly that Shana wanted to cover her face due to embarrassment. "We can continue our talks after we finish eating. Let's go, Shana."

Melody dragged her friend and sat in the chairs right in front of William.

As soon as the two girls sat, the Elven Maids placed a cup of fruit juice in front of them, and two slices of Tiramisu.

Melody didn't hesitate and started eating with a very pleased expression on her face. Shana, on the other hand, sighed internally as she drank the fruit juice in front of her, while eyeing Invidia who was wearing a black cocktail dress that highlighted her green hair and eyes.

The blue-haired beauty thought that if she was the one wearing that dress, she would look more stunning than the Sin of Envy, who was busy scrolling the tablet in her hand, looking for new clothes to buy.

Since Invidia's Divinity was Envy, it was very easy for her to feel the feelings of envy of other people. After sensing that the Virtue of Prudence was envying her, she felt as if she was superior to her and credited it to her amazing taste in picking fashionable clothes, which had become her hobby.

"Melody, are you still not finished eating?" Shana forcefully tore her gaze from the dress Invidia was wearing and glanced at her friend, who was now eating her second serving of Tiramisu. "If you keep eating that, you will get fat, you know?"

"How rude," Melody replied. "Don't you know? Ladies always have room for dessert. At least, that was what the food magazine I read a while ago stated."

William who heard Melody's words smiled because it was something that his wife, Chiffon, would say whenever she ate a lot of sweet things.

"Sir Dark Prince, can I ask you something?" Shana asked since she believed that her friend had no intention of leaving anytime soon.

The Half-Elf arched an eyebrow as he made a gesture for the blue-haired lady to continue her words.

"I've heard that those who give you their blood get Merit Points," Shana stated. "Will you also give us Merit Points if we let you drink our blood?"

William nodded. "Of course you will receive Merit Points for it."

"How much?"

"10,000 Merit Points per drinking session."

"T-Ten Thousand?!" Shana stuttered. "Most of the desserts that she had eaten cost around 100 - 300 Merit Points. Also, with 10,000 Merit Points, she would be able to buy a set of clothes from Vickie's Secret, which made her feel that letting the handsome Half-Elf drink her blood wasn't such a bad tradeoff.

Even Melody, who was still eating, looked at William in disbelief. With so many Merit Points in her possession, she could practically eat the desserts she liked for an entire week!

William calmly drank his coffee as if Shana's question wasn't a big deal for him. In fact, he could have raised it higher, but he didn't dare do that for one simple reason.

Invidia and Superbia also got 10,000 Merit Points, everytime he drank their blood. Of course, Invidia got an additional 5,000 Merit Points whenever she allowed him to drink some milk during their private session.

Although it sounded silly, everytime William was nourished by Aila's and Invidia's Divinities, he felt that his soul had not only stabilized, but was also feeling lighter. The strong impulse to corrupt others, especially the two Virtuous Ladies, had also lessened drastically, allowing the black-haired teenager to get a better hold of his emotions.

Invidia and Superbia who heard William's reply didn't say anything because they thought that this was the standard "fare" for letting William drink their blood.

If the four ladies, who were currently having a snack with him, knew that Medusa could easily get 100,000 Merit Points just by simply asking William for it, they would definitely strangle the little Gorgon and burn her at the stake.

A quarter of an hour later, Invidia and Superbia left to watch a movie together in K-City, while Shana and Melody followed William into his room. The two ladies were feeling quite nervous because this was the first time that someone was going to drink their blood.

Out of curiosity, they asked Medusa if William had drank her blood, but the Little Gorgon said that Wiliam didn't want to drink her blood, making her pout. Even so, according to the purple-haired girl, everyone that had their blood taken from them said that the experience felt so good, that they wished it could have lasted longer.

Although the two ladies had taken Medusa's words with a grain of salt, they felt a little better knowing that the process of having their blood taken from them wasn't a painful experience.

"Don't feel nervous and make yourselves comfortable," William said as he sat on top of the bed. "Now, who wants to go first?"

"I will go first!" Shana said as she approached William. "Take my blood first."

"Okay," William nodded as he motioned for her to sit on the bed beside him. "Sit here."

Shana obeyed and looked fearlessly at William as if challenging him to do his worst. The black-haired teenager chuckled internally as he looked at the blue-haired beauty that represented the Virtue of Prudence.

He was going to make sure that he enjoyed this blood drinking session, and push the young lady in front of him to the peak of pleasure, until she could no longer tell what was left and right.