Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1225 Seducing Two Virtuous Ladies[Part 2]

(Disclaimer: Sorry to disappoint you guys. No R-18 Scenes for you this time. I spoiled you guys too much :P )

—--

"W-What should I do?" Shana asked as she stared at William.

"Well, I can drink your blood while you face me, or I can drink your blood while you face away from me," William replied. "Which one would you like?"

"I'm not afraid of you. You can drink my blood while we face each other."

"If that is your wish then let's do that."

William held the side of Shana's shoulders, which made the latter's body stiffen immediately. Seeing her reaction, the Half-Elf chuckled, making the blue-haired lady blush in embarrassment.

"Um, we need to loosen your clothes a bit," William said. "The blood might stain your clothes if you wear them like that."

Shana frowned, but she also understood what William was saying. Because of this she loosened her robe, showing her delicate shoulders, while she used her right hand to hold it in place, covering her chest.

"This is fine, right? Or are you going to ask me to take my robes off completely?" Shana asked in a challenging tone.

"That's already good," William answered. "Are you now ready?"

Shana nodded. "Melody, if he tries to do something funny, make sure to stop him, okay?"

"Understood," Melody replied. "Sir William. We are putting our trust in you. Please, don't betray our trust."

William glanced in her direction and gave her a brief nod. "Don't worry. I will not force the two of you to do anything you didn't want to do. I promise."

"That's good then."

"Mmm."

William then shifted his attention to Shana's smooth, and delicate neck. He could already smell, and taste, the rich blood that was flowing in her body, making him wonder what her blood would taste like.

"You will feel a prickling pain at first, but after that, the pain will disappear completely," William said. "I'll ask you one last time. Are you sure about this?"

"C-Can you increase the Merit Points?" Shana asked with embarrassment. "Can you?"

"Well, I am willing to give you an additional 200 points if you let me kiss your lips," William replied. "Are you interested in my offer?"

"No thanks. Just drink my blood."

"Okay. just tell me if you change your mind."

William said as he moved closer to Shana's neck. A moment later, a gasp escaped Shana's lips the moment the black-haired teenager's fangs sank into her neck.

Melody's body stiffened as she looked at this scene from the side. She could clearly see the blood starting to seep from the wound of Shana's neck, making her subconsciously hold her own neck.

A moment later, another gasp escaped Shana's lips, before her face reddened due to the unexpected feeling that she had never felt before.

Melody watched as Shana's expression changed from a pained one, to a face that looked as if she was feeling good. As if to prove her hunch, a sweet sigh escaped the blue-haired beauty's lips as the hand holding the robe on her chest fell to her side.

Although the robe didn't expose her chest, her other shoulder, which no one had seen, except her sisters, was laid bare in front of William.

The black-haired teenager drank, slowly, and enjoyed every second of it. Shana's rich, and powerful blood flowed inside his body, making him feel energized and rejuvenated.

A minute later, Shana's arms wrapped around William's body. She even held the back of the Half-Elf's head, pushing his head closer to her neck. It was as if she wanted the black-haired teenager's fangs to sink deeper inside her, just to make herself feel even better.

Melody had subtly activated the power of her Divinity to check whether William was using a Charm Spell on her friend, but the results proved that this was not the case.

'Could it be that it really feels that good?' Melody thought as she looked at her friend's euphoric expression, making her very curious about what she was feeling at the moment.

Several minutes later, William pulled back and used his tongue to clean the blood stains that had flowed down from Shana's neck. He had purposely done this, so that he could prolong the ecstasy that washed over the blue-haired beauty's body, making her understand that going against him was futile.

The blood had only reached up to her collar bone, but as he licked that part, Shana's body shuddered, as if she had reached the peak of pleasure.

After cleaning up the remains of the blood on her body, William licked the wound and kissed it gently. He kissed it a few more times before the wound healed, leaving the Virtuous Lady of Prudence, panting for breath.

"Do you want more Merit Points by kissing me?" William asked. His voice was like that of a devil, tempting Shana to say yes to him.

Even though Shana was still in a daze, she fully understood William's words.

"Will that feel good too?" Shana asked.

"Do you want to find out?" William asked back.

"Just one kiss, okay?"

"Okay?"

William gently cupped her face and gave her a long, and passionate kiss. He didn't use his tongue to pry her lips often, and entangle her tongue. The Half-Elf knew that Shana was an innocent lady, and something like tongue kissing might scare her.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

When the kiss ended, Shana gazed at William with a beet-red face, unable to form any coherent words.

"You're so cute, Shana," William said as he planted a kiss on her forehead before letting her lie on the bed. "Rest for now. It is Melody's turn."

Shana felt so comfortable right now, so she only nodded her head and closed her eyes to rest. Soon, the sound of sleeper breaths spread inside the room, which surprised Melody.

"Don't worry, I will not do anything to her while she sleeps," William said as he made a gesture to Melody to come to him. "You already know that I can't hurt either of you, remember? Also, I promised that I won't force you to do anything you didn't want to do."

Melody reluctantly nodded her head. She had seen how William had gently treated her Sister during the blood drinking session, and didn't see him do anything untowards to her. Also, he asked Shana if she wanted to kiss him, and she knew that the blue-haired lady wasn't under any kind of Charm Spell that could cloud her thoughts.

"Please drink my blood from behind," Melody said as she sat beside William.

"Okay," William replied. "Please, loosen your robe a bit."

Since Melody had already seen how the blood had seeped from Shana's neck, she understood that her clothes would be stained by her blood if she didn't do as she was told.

Soon, her tempting neck appeared in front of William.

"Are you ready?"

"Yes. Please, be gentle with me."

"Okay."

As soon as William's fang sank on Melody's neck, the lady with long, reddish brown hair felt her heart tremble.

'I see…,' Melody thought. 'So this is how Shana felt. It's no good… we can't win against this.'

Her breathing became somewhat ragged as William drank her blood, soon her hand fell to her side as she felt the unbelievable feeling of pleasure wash over her body.

A moment later, she felt William's hand hold her hand, and gave it a light squeeze, as if assuring her that he would not harm her.

As someone who had never been held, nor touched by any man in the past, William's rough hands, which were bigger than hers, gave her a feeling of warmth and security.

Soon, Melody intertwined her hand with Willliam's, with their palms pressed against each other. For a brief period, she had completely forgotten that she was a lady that carried a heavy responsibility on her shoulders.

Right now, she was just a young lady, who was holding hands with a young man for the first time in her life, and it made her heart skip a beat.

As the minutes passed by, she felt the pleasure building up inside her body rise to new heights. It didn't take long before she subconsciously shuddered as the pleasure she felt reached the peak, making her mind turn completely blank for a few seconds.

She only broke out of her daze when she felt Willaim's soft, and gentle kisses on her neck, which made her feel somewhat sad that he had finished drinking her blood.

She was sad that the feeling of warmth, security and, to a certain extent, happiness, had ended.

Just as William was about to tell her that he had finished drinking her blood, he felt a soft, and delicate hand touch the side of his face.

Soon, William found himself facing the beautiful lady with long, reddish-brown hair that was looking at him with longing.

With her own initiative, Melody pressed her lips over William's and kissed him. Since she was inexperienced, the only kisses she managed to do were soft, and simple pecks, which made her heart feel as if it was overflowing with happiness.

"Are you sure?" William asked as she cupped Melody's face, temporarily stopping her from continuing to kiss him.

The beautiful lady nodded before resuming to kiss the Dark Prince, who had made her feel things that she had never felt before.

For a while, only the sound of two people kissing could be heard inside the room, as the Virtuous Lady of Faith tasted a different kind of sweetness that she had been missing in her life.