Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1226 The True Darkness That Plagued The Central Continent

'What have I done?'

Melody hugged the pillow in her hands as she remembered the things she did with William just an hour ago.

Right now, she was lying on William's bed, with a sleeping Shana at her side. The black-haired teenager said that both of them could rest in his room, while he handle some important matters.

'That was my first kiss…,' Melody thought as she traced her lips with her finger. 'And yet, the one who gave it away was me.'

The Virtuous Lady of Faith turned around to look at her Sister, who was sleeping peacefully beside her. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

'It was also Shana's first kiss, and yet, he easily took it from her.' Melody looked at the blue-haired beauty in front of her who was sleeping without a care in the world.

'Fortunately, she didn't see it.' Melody hugged the pillow in her hands tighter. 'It would have been too embarrassing otherwise.'

The lady with long, reddish-brown hair looked at the bracelet on her wrist that William had given her a while ago.

This bracelet was quite different from the one in Medusa's wrist, as well as the bracelets on the demons that she had seen in the Thousand Beast Domain.

The bracelet that William gave her was made from mithril, and had a very artistic design. At the center of the bracelet was a carved name that read, Melody, which made her heart beat wildly inside her chest.

It was the first time that a man had given her something. Although she understood that the bracelet was just a means to store Merit Points, she still felt that the Half-Elf had prepared it meticulously just for her, making her look at it in a different light.

Melody then glanced at the bracelet that was also placed on Shana's wrist. It was also a bracelet made from mithril, and Shana's name was written on it. The only difference was the design, which made the Virtuous Lady of Faith feel that her bracelet was unique and special.

'If he didn't stop me, I might still be kissing him even now,' Melody thought as her face turned beet red. 'Am I an easy woman? If he had evil intentions, he might have already taken my…'

Shana's body shuddered when she thought of that possibility. What made her feel more embarrassed was that she thought that doing it with William wouldn't be so bad. The realization that she would allow such a thing to happen when she was thinking properly made her feel anxious.

'We need to get out of here and fast…' Melody closed her eyes as she hugged the pillow tighter. 'If we stay here longer, I might fall for him.'

Melody had a very keen sense of smell. Right now, she was lying on William's bed, and hugging William's pillow, naturally she could smell his scent on them, which reminded her once again of the things she did earlier, which made her breathing a little ragged.

'No good,' Melody thought. 'I need to get out of here.'

After making her decision, she stood up from the bed, and picked up the sleeping Shana. After that, she retreated to the room that was assigned to her as fast as she could.

She was afraid that if she stayed in William's room for a second longer, she would not be able to control the budding feelings in her heart.

Feelings that she was desperately trying to erase before they started to take root.

—--

Inside the Sea-side Villa of the Dungeon of Atlantis…

Princess Aila's body shuddered as she felt something hot seep deep inside her. A moment later, she panted as she leaned weakly on William's chest who had just released his seed inside of her womb.

Charmaine, and Chloee, laid on the bed beside them. Beads of sweat could be seen on their beautiful bodies as they immersed in the afterglow of making love with William. Their love juices stained the white sheets, but they didn't care.

Both of them had satisfied looks on their faces after their beloved Half-Elf had poured his love inside of them.

"That was more intense than usual, Will," Princess Aila said after she had regained her breath. "Did something happen?"

Now that William had recognized her as one of his concubines, the angelic beauty truly felt happy from the bottom of her heart. She even looked forward to the times when she would help stabilize the black-haired teenager's soul, because it meant that he would embrace her, and make her feel loved.

"Yes," William replied. "Earlier, I almost lost control of my senses when I was with Shana and Melody."

"I see." Princess Aila hugged William's body and kissed his cheek to tell him that she understood. "You did well in holding back."

"Yes. It was a very close one. I didn't expect Melody to start kissing me on her own."

"She must have felt really good. You know, very few women will be able to resist that feeling of pleasure when you drink their blood. It's like we are being injected with an aphrodisiac that makes our bodies feel hot and bothered."

William kissed her forehead before lightly patting her head. Both of them were still connected, which made Princess Aila feel warm, as the Half-Elf's manhood was firmly buried inside her like a sword in its sheath.

Only, William was the sword, and she was his sheath.

Suddenly, a chuckle escaped William's lips, which surprised the Princess who was lying on top of his body.

"What's wrong?" Princess Aila asked as she looked at the Half-Elf who was smiling back at her.

"I just saw a funny scene," William replied. "It's okay. You can rest. I'll wake you up when it's time for dinner."

"Okay." Princess Aila nodded as she closed her eyes to rest. Although she was curious about what made the black-haired teenager laugh, she was too tired to think about it.

Soon, Princess Aila fell asleep, while wrapped in William's loving embrace. The Half-Elf had no plans to pull out of her depths, because he felt so comfortable right now.

Shana's and Melody's blood was quite potent, making him feel as if he could go for a thousand rounds non-stop. However, since his ladies wouldn't be able to handle that kind of punishment, he just decided to let them rest, as he basked in the warmth of their bodies.

'The next time I drink their blood, I must have Chloee and the others on standby,' William thought. 'That really was a close call earlier. I thought I had gotten a better grasp of my emotions, but the strong urge to corrupt the two Virtues almost took over me.'

The Half-Elf wasn't sure if the stronger urge to corrupt the two ladies was due to the Divinities inside their bodies or not.

'Right, she told me that I needed to gather people with Divinities by my side,' William mused. 'Perhaps she was referring to the Sins and Virtues. Does she want me to gain their powers?'

William glanced at his Status Page and looked at his Familia Members.

Ashe's, Chiffon's, Princess Sidonie's, and Celine's names were grayed out, meaning that he was unable to call out the powers that they had bestowed upon him.

Aside from his wives, and lovers, Lilith's, Chloee's, Charmaine's, Princess Aila's, and Haleth's names were in green. Meaning that he would be able to fuse with them at any time, allowing him to use their powers at will.

'Who is this?' William thought as he looked at the bottom of the list where a name was supposed to be placed.

Several question marks, which William believed to be a name, was there at the list of his Familia Members. This unknown person's name was also grayed out, and William had no idea whether this was just a glitch by the system, or the person actually existed.

'It might be some kind of glitch.' William eyed the question marks for a few more seconds before tossing it to the back of his mind.

He was aware of all the women whom he treated as his Familia Members, and he couldn't think of anyone else aside from the ones that were currently by his side. Since that was the case, the only explanation was that a bug had appeared in the System, which was a very common occurrence.

At least, that was what William thought at that time.

'Well then, I wonder what will happen tomorrow?' William smiled as he thought of the two Virtuous Lady who had now tasted the Sin of Pleasure.

He knew that the Virtues were quite innocent, because they had mostly lived under the guidance of the Holy Order of Light. Such a strong stimulation of pleasure was something that they had never experienced in their lifetime, and it was bound to cause ripples within their chaste hearts.

William's goal was not to make Shana and Melody fall completely like Lira and Ephemera had. His goal was to teach the two ladies that not everything was black and white.

He wanted them to know that not all Demons were bad, and he, as the Dark Prince, was not their enemy. At least, not for the time being.

'Even so, it's not bad to have some kind of insurance against the Pope.' William smiled.

If the Virtues that represented the power of the church didn't want to fight him then the Pope would have no choice but to fight him without the power of the Seven Virtues.

The black-haired teenager also wanted to unmask the Pope for what she truly was, and make the Virtuous Lady realize that what they thought was righteous, was actually the true darkness that plagued the Central Continent.