Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1227 A Business Transaction

The next day…

"Melody, what looks better on me?" Shana asked as she held two dresses in her hands. "This blue one, or this black one? What do you think?"

"Either one looks good on you," Melody replied as she looked at her friend who had dragged her to buy dresses the moment she woke up the next day.

"You're right," Shana nodded. "Anything will look good on me, but I can only buy one, which is quite frustrating!"

Shana's total Merit points were 10,200, but the two dresses she was holding were worth 10,000 Merit Points each.

She got 10,000 points from letting William drink her blood, and the extra 200 points was due to the kiss that she shared with the black-haired teeanger. Clearly, her points were not enough to buy the two items of clothing that she wanted.

"Well, if you like both of them, I can loan you 10,000 Merit Points."

"Really?! Melody, I love you! Don't worry. After this, I'll treat you to that buy one and take one cake shop. I just have enough points to get their discounted offers today!"

"I don't need your cheap love."

Melody tried to pry away the hands of the blue-haired beauty that was hugging her due to happiness. Compared to Shana, Melody's points were higher.Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

20,400 Merit Points.

These were the Merit Points that Melody had gained after repeatedly kissing William half a day ago.

The moment she realized how many points she had after receiving the bracelet, the Virtuous Lady of Faith's face became as red as a tomato because anything above their original ten thousand points was due to her urge to kiss the handsome Dark Prince, who made her heart skip a beat.

Melody sighed as she looked at the blue-haired beauty who was smiling ear to ear after she paid for the two dresses she liked. A moment later, she was dragged by a happy Shana to the nearby cafe in order to treat her.

"Still, having Merit Points is so convenient," Shana said after eating half of her chocolate cake. "There are still things I want to buy, so I guess I'll have William drink my blood later."

The Virtuous Lady of Prudence had thrown caution to the wind as she glanced in the direction of the Half-Elf's Villa in the Thousand Best Domain.

"But, 10,000 Merit Points is not enough," Shana muttered. "I guess, I'll just kiss him many times later in order to get more points."

Melody, who was drinking her coffee, choked after hearing Shana's casual words. She coughed repeatedly in order to clear her airways, while her worried sister immediately took out a handkerchief to give it to her.

"Do you want him to kiss you just for Merit Points?" Melody asked after she regained her composure. "Are your kisses that cheap?"

Shana shrugged. "I mean, I already kissed him once. It was my first kiss, but it didn't feel that bad. In fact, I'm a little intrigued about kissing."

"Huh? What do you mean?"

"Think about it. William is the Dark Prince, and was supposed to be our future enemy, and I kissed him. Don't you think it's similar to those novels where the children of two opposing families secretly fall in love with each other?"

Melody pinched the bridge of her nose because she had completely forgotten that despite how she looked, Shana was someone who liked to read love stories. She had devoured all the fairy tales in the library about Heroes saving the Princesses' from the villains who had forcefully kidnapped them from their kingdom.

"Did you forget that the story you are talking about has a tragic ending?" Melody countered as she gave her friend a disapproving look.

"True," Shana replied as she traced the tip of her coffee cup with her finger. "Even so, I realized something after I kissed William."

Melody gazed at the blue-haired beauty with a serious expression on her face as she waited for her next words.

"My Divinity allows me to gauge the amount of risk that I will face in regards to making choices," Shana said with a smile. "Before William drank my blood, my Divinity told me that although he had hidden agendas, he didn't have any intention of harming any of us. If there was even the slightest of evil in his heart, I would have detected it, and therefore dragged you away from the room, leaving him behind."

After saying those words, the blue-haired beauty casually placed a piece of her chocolate cake inside her mouth and chewed happily.

Melody tried to digest her sister's words, which sounded quite convincing coming from her.

"One more thing." Shana looked at Melody with a smile. "I guess his true aim is to get the two of us to fall in love with him, hence he said that if we kissed him, we would get extra merit points. As long as we treat the act of kissing him as a business transaction then everything will be fine, right?"

"A business… transaction?"

"Yes! It's just pure business! I need to buy as many clothes as possible before we leave this place, so I don't mind kissing him. Or did you forget? After we let him drink our blood seven times, he will give us our freedom.

"This is the price we have to pay for having been saved by him, which I don't think is a bad deal. Truthfully, I dare not think of the consequences we would have faced if we woke up and the one we saw sitting in front of us was Felix. Perhaps, we might have even woken up in chains, with no way to protect ourselves from whatever vile deeds he planned to do to us. Compared to Felix, William is infinitely better, right?"

Melody blinked once then twice before reluctantly nodding her head. The words that Shana said to her were very convincing, and she couldn't find any fault when looking at their circumstances using this perspective.

"You're right, if you put it that way then William is indeed many times better than Felix." Melody nodded her head in agreement.

"See?" Shana said with a smile. "So, I don't mind kissing him. For me, this is just a business transaction, and our freedom is assured. My Divinity is also telling me that William will keep his word and free the two of us once we meet his conditions."

Melody looked down on the bracelet on her wrist with her name written on it. Although she still had misgivings, she believed that her sister was telling her the truth. In fact, after thinking things through, this was a good way to not feel guilty about kissing William.

'That's right,' Melody thought. 'I just need to do this six more times, and I will be free…'

The Virtuous Lady of Faith clenched her fist as she thought of the black-haired teenager, whose soft, and cold lips, made her innocent heart shudder.

Now that she knew that his goal was to make them fall in love with him, she would guard her heart the next time that he sank his fangs into her tender body, and brought her to the peak of pleasure, which she had never felt before.