Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1228 Time For You To Get A GoodBeating

Southern Continent, Kyrintor Mountains…

A young lady stood at the center of a formation with her eyes closed.

She had long blonde hair, and was wearing a plain white robe, as if to fend off the cold around her. A moment later, the magic circle surrounding her shone brightly, making her hair flutter behind her.

Suddenly, a pair of white angelic wings spread behind her back.

The young lady sighed softly before slowly opening her eyes. Her red eyes glowed faintly for a few moments before reverting to their original color, which was sky blue.

"Finally," the young lady muttered before raising her arms to do some light stretches.

Her wings flapped slightly before returning inside her body, dispersing the soft, radiant light that surrounded her body.

"Congratulations," Takam said as he looked at the blonde-haired beauty that had claimed the position as William's first wife. "Have you fully awakened your powers, Wendy?"

"Yes, Your Excellency," Wendy answered with a smile. "Thank you for allowing me to use the power of your Divine Artifact."

"You're welcome. With this, you can finally meet him."

"Yes."

Takam nodded. "I have already informed Estelle that your training has finished. I quite admire that girl, she really waited for you to finish your training, and didn't go to the Central Continent on her own."

Wendy smiled as she thought of the silver-haired lady who was not only William's lover, but his best friend as well.

"I made her wait for a long time," Wendy said as she glanced in the direction of the Hellan Kingdom. "But, this was necessary."

"Indeed." Takam also glanced in the direction Wendy was looking in. "The people and beings that you girls are going to face far exceed the power of Demigods. Without proper preparation, none of you will be able to help William. In fact, all of you will just drag him down instead."

Wendy gave a brief nod to agree with the Demigod's words. She had appeared during the battle inside K-City, and she had seen firsthand the power of the foes that William was facing at that time.

The blonde-haired beauty knew that some steps had to be taken in order to stand by her husband's side, as he fought against beings that had taken the lives of the people important to him.

When Estelle came to find her and told her that they should go to the Central Continent to find William, Wendy gave her a firm refusal.

The blonde-haired beauty told Estelle that in order for them to be able to help their lover, the two of them must first have the strength to defend themselves, so that William wouldn't worry about them.

To her surprise, Estelle nodded her head in agreement.

"I will prepare the necessary supplies for our journey," Estelle had said to her back then. "However, I will also train under the tutelage of Lady Astrid. I don't want to become a mere decoration by his side. I also want to have the strength to protect him."

It had been more than a month since then, and Wendy had gone to the Kyrintor Mountains to seek Takam's help to undergo the trial she and William had back then.

During the Trial, William unexpectedly returned to Earth to meet Belle.

Wendy, on the other hand, returned to the battlefield of Asgard when the Army of Destruction had appeared and razed the land.Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

She had seen how strong she was in her previous life, and decided to take a chance. With the help of Takam's Divine Artifact, she once again went back through time and re-lived her training, when she was just starting as one of Freya's Valkyries.

After spending several years inside the Divine Artifact, Wendy had not only regained her previous strength and abilities, she had even surpassed them.

Time worked differently in the place where she trained compared to the real world. Now, although she still looked the same on the outside, she had become a battle-hardened warrior, who had participated in the last battle of a dying world, on the inside.

Takam waved his hand and a portal appeared in front of the blonde-haired beauty who had just finished her trial.

"Send my regards to William," Takam said. "Also, make sure to tell him that I will come when the Army of Destruction, along with its God, descends upon the land."

Wendy nodded before walking towards the portal in front of her. She didn't need to ask what Takam was talking about, because she already understood what he was hinting at.

Before passing through the portal, Wendy glanced at the Demigod who had helped her and William during their early teenage years.

"It will be an honor to fight alongside Your Excellency in the battle that will decide the fate of this world," Wendy said. "I pray that this time around, we will be victorious."

After saying what she wanted to say, Wendy stepped into the portal, leaving the Ruler of the Kyrintor Mountains behind.

"Victory?" Takam muttered as he glanced in the direction of the Central Continent where a great war between the forces of good and evil were being waged. "All I see is the world being covered in flames. I can't see anything past that. As for victory? I, and perhaps even the Gods that favor this world, think that it is just a fleeting dream."

—--

Wendy walked towards the throne room of the Palace of the Hellan Kingdom.

Everyone who saw her moved to the side and bowed their heads in respect. Everyone in the Kingdom knew who she was, and who her husband was.

Wendy made sure to use the connections of her family to let the entire Southern Continent know that she was William's first wife after the Half-Elf had left, which made Estelle complain to her numerous times, due to how sneakily Wendy had achieved it.

However, during that time, Estelle was still cursed. Even though she wanted to marry William, just like Wendy and Ashe, her insecurities about being trapped in a boy's body prevented her from doing so.

Now that the curse was broken, Estelle was more eager than ever to exchange vows with William, and take her place as his wife.

The doors of the throne room opened, but there was no one sitting on the throne.

The place was very quiet, and no ministers, advisors, or high-ranking nobles were present inside it.

However, on the steps leading to the throne, a beautiful silver-haired beauty stood holding a sword with both of her hands.

If the old William was there, he would have definitely fallen into a daze due to how fairy-like the young lady was, as she wore a white armor, with gold plating on its sides, making her look like a seasoned warrior that was ready to fight a large-scale battle.

"Have you finished your training?" Estelle's steady and confident voice asked.

"Yes," Wendy replied. "Have you finished yours?"

Estelle nodded.

"Care to spar?"

"Actually, I was about to ask the same thing."

Estelle smiled and raised the sword in her hand. Immediately, the throne room vanished and the two of them appeared in a wide-open plain, devoid of anything except the two ladies who were looking at each other with challenging gazes.

Wendy stepped forward and her body was covered in a silver light. A second later, she was wearing her Valkyrie Gear, which she had also worn during the battle against the Army of Destruction.

Half a minute passed as the two ladies sized each other up.

Suddenly, both of them disappeared from where they stood.

A metallic sound reverberated inside Estelle's Domain as her Holy Sword and Wendy's Sword clashed against each other.

"Time for you to get a good beating for stealing a march against me," Estelle said. "I should have been William's first wife and not you."

"Heh~ very funny," Wendy replied. "Last time I checked, I was also William's first wife during our past life."

The two clashed once again as they fought each other using their full powers. This battle between them was a long time coming, and both girls laid their feelings bare as they exchanged blows that would have turned ordinary soldiers into meat paste.

William, who was currently staying inside the Thousand Beast Domain, suddenly felt a chill. For a brief moment, he felt as if someone was cursing his name, and saying something that wasn't very nice.