Chapter 1229 l'm Only Half Serious

A sigh escaped Shana's lips after William finished drinking blood from her neck.

This was the second time that William had drank her blood, and the Virtuous Lady of Prudence's face was dyed in pleasure as she cupped the Half-Elf's face to give him a kiss.

The kiss didn't last long before Shana pulled back and gazed at William with a look of longing.

"Hey, can you teach me how to kiss?" Shana asked. "I'm sure you're very good at it, right?"

"I don't know if I'm good or not," William replied as he wrapped his hands around Shana's waist. "But, I know a thing or two."

Shana looked at William's golden eyes, and saw her reflection on its surface. Even though the two of them weren't alone in the room since Melody was there, the Half-Elf was only looking at her, and only her, which made her feel special.

"You see, I want to practice how to kiss. I might get a lover in the future, and it will be troubling if I don't know how to kiss him, right?"

"Mmm. So, you want me to be your practice partner?"

Shana nodded. "Yes."

William smiled. "Okay. For now, you are already good at giving simple kisses. Let's start something more advanced."

"Okay," Shana replied. "What should I do?"

"When I kiss you, part your lips a bit," William stated. "I will use my tongue, so don't bite on it,okay?"

"What will you do with your tongue?"

"I will poke your tongue with my tongue."

"That's it?"

"That's it."

Melody, who was also seated on the bed, looked at the two with a complicated gaze. If one were to look closely, a blush was already creeping on her face as she listened to Shana's and William's conversation.

Clearly, the two weren't paying attention to her, and were lost in their own world. Even so, Melody was quite curious about the other types of kissing. Currently, she focused on the two people in front of her, so that she would be able to see how this new method of kissing works.

'This is just a business transaction,' Melody said inside her heart. 'His goal is to make us fall in love with him. I must not fall in love with him. This is just a business transaction.'

'This is just a business transaction!'

Melody chanted these words inside her head as if it was some kind of mantra that would protect her heart from corruption.

She watched as William pressed his lips over her Sister's lips, and saw his tongue enter her mouth.

A moment later, Shana's eyes opened for a brief moment before they slowly closed again.

The blue-haired beauty was surprised when William's tongue intertwined with her own, but after the initial shock had passed, she allowed the Half-Elf to do whatever he wanted with her tongue.

'So this is what kissing is like,' Shana thought as William's tongue gently licked, flicked, and twirled her tongue inside her mouth.

At first, the sensation felt weird, but soon, a tingling sensation washed over her body as the Half-Elf patiently taught her another kind of kissing.

A minute later, William pulled back his tongue from Shana's mouth. To his surprise, Shana's tongue followed, and this time, it was her who attacked William's lips and used her tongue to entangle his own.

Melody, who was watching from the side, could only watch in amazement as Shana slowly took the initiative to slowly push William onto the bed, as she ravaged his lips, and tongue, with her own.

A minute later, SHana pulled back as she panted for breath. That was the most intense kissing that she had done, and she finally understood the meaning of kissing until it took your breath away.

"How was it?" William asked as he lightly patted the head of the blue-haired beauty that was lying on top of him. "Do you like this kind of kissing?"

"I don't know," Shana replied. "But, I don't dislike it."

"Do you want to kiss again?"

"Un."

This time, the kiss they shared was slow, and so gentle that even Melody who was watching it gulped because of how sensual it looked in her eyes.

The two kissed, kissed, and kissed until they ran out of breath. This continued for half an hour more before Shana finally had her fill of kissing.

"I'm going back to my room to rest," Shana said as she kissed William's cheek one last time. "Please be gentle with Melody, okay? She's not as sturdy as me, so don't tire her out too much."

The blue-haired beauty then glanced at her sister, giving her a playful wink before leaving the room with a satisfied smile.

In truth, the reason why Shana wanted to return to her room was in order to take a cold shower. She was starting to feel hot and bothered, and her Divinity had told her that it would be dangerous if she stayed with William in her current state.

This was why she decided to make a strategic retreat while she still could, in order to keep herself from losing control of her senses.

When the door closed, William glanced at the Virtuous Lady of Faith, whose face had turned a deep shade of red. She was like a red cherry that was begging to be bitten by the black-haired teenager, whose smile made her heart tremble inside her chest.

'This is just a business transaction.'

'This is just a business transaction.'

'This is just a business transaction.'

Melody kept repeating these words inside her head as William pulled her into his arms.

"Do you want to kiss first, or do you want me to drink your blood first?" William asked. "Melody, you look so cute right now that I am very tempted to kiss your whole body, and leave my mark on it."

"T-This is just a business transaction," Melody stuttered.

"Excuse me?"

"N-Nothing."

William chuckled because he couldn't help but feel a bit ticklish whenever he looked at the Virtuous Lady of Faith whose thoughts, and emotions, were clearly written on her face.

"So, what do you want to experience first? Me kissing your entire body, or drinking your blood?"

"K-Kiss my entire body?"

William nodded. "Only if you want to. But, if you don't, let's just do it on the lips."

The black-haired teenager felt that if he said something along the lines of "Since I've already kissed your lips, kissing your body wouldn't make any difference, right?", he felt that Melody would nod her head to go with the flow.

But, that was not what he wanted.

When he almost corrupted Lira, he learned a few things about the Virtues, and that they were really innocent ladies, who had been raised in a sheltered and protective environment.

They were unlike the Deadly Sins, who had to fend others off themselves on their own, due to the Sins they carried.

The Virtues were ladies who hadn't experienced any suffering, so they were easily influenced by the things around them. Although William wouldn't go as far as to call them gullible, with the right suggestions and environment, he could basically manipulate their thought patterns.

The black-haired teenager didn't want to do that.

Perhaps, due to Invidia's help of using Ella's face to pacify the Darkness in his heart, he didn't want to repeat what he had done to Lira. Back then, he had made the proud and Virtuous Lady of Temperance fall for him in a way that he wasn't proud of.

Back then, his emotions to seek revenge on his enemies were at an all time high, so he had vented these chaotic feelings in his heart on the Virtuous Lady who had wished to harm him when they fought for the first time.

Shana's and Melody's cases were different.

They weren't like Lira and Ephemera, who had personally led the operation to capture him and, to a certain extent, harm him.

This was why he didn't want to go all out in manipulating the Virtuous Ladies' feelings, who had never known what love was.

"K-Kiss," Melody said. "Kiss me first."

"Okay," William replied before kissing Melody's forehead.

After that he kissed both of her cheeks before pressing his lips over hers. He didn't use his tongue to pry her lips open like what he did to Shana. The Half-Elf gave her a soft, and gentle kiss that lasted for a little more than five seconds before pulling back.

Melody, who had just been kissed, sighed in relief and regret at the same time. Relief because William's kiss was gentle, and regret because she was curious about what it would feel like to be kissed like Shana.

"Have you calmed down a bit?" William asked as he gave Melody's hand a light squeeze. "Take deep breaths first. We can resume after you have regained your calm."

Melody did as she was told and took deep and steady breaths in order to clear her mind. After a few minutes, she shifted her gaze to the Half-Elf who was still holding her hand and looking at her with a devilish smile that made her heart beat wildly inside her chest.

"W-Were you serious earlier when you said that you wanted to kiss me all over?" Melody asked.

"I'm only half serious," William replied. "I think it's still too soon for me to do that."Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

"I see." Melody lowered her head. A feel of relief, and disappointment washed over her after hearing William's reply. Half a minute later, she pulled the hair blocking her neck aside, and loosened her robes.

"You can drink my blood now," Melody said in a tired voice. "Let's get this over with."

William could hear the tinge of regret and disappointment in Melody's voice, but he decided that it was still too soon for her to truly experience worldly pleasures. Also, for some reason, the black-haired teenager found it hard to hold back his urge to corrupt her whenever he was with the beautiful lady who represented the Virtue of Faith.

"Yes, let's get this over with," William replied as he sank his fangs on Melody's white, delicate, neck, to drink her blood that was full of life. 'For your sake, and mine as well.'