Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1230 He Doesn't Try To Go Below The Belt

"The ten of you will guard Audrey as well as carry out the mission that I have given to each and everyone of you," the Pope said in a calm manner. "No matter what happens, one of you must succeed. The artifacts that you carry will allow us to pinpoint the location of the Dark Prince, this is an important step, so do not fail me."

""Yes! Your Excellency!""

The ten Inquisitors bowed their heads respectfully as they acknowledged the Pope's orders. Now that a perfect opportunity to gain access to William's domain had presented itself, the Holy Order of Light had to take action at once.

'Once I have placed the artifact in his Domain, no matter where he goes, we will be able to track him down,' the Pope mused. 'With this, he will not be able to catch us by surprise anymore. Foolish child, you are still too green.'

The Pope had wracked her brains for days trying to find a way to capitalize on having two of the Heavenly Virtues captured by the Prince of Darkness. After careful consideration, she deemed that it was best to place an artifact somewhere in the Thousand Beast Domain in order to notify them of William's location at any given time.

Not only that, the Artifact could also transmit images and sounds. If they were to be placed in important places then the Holy Order of Light would be able to obtain something good out of this incident.

'Don't think that you can play with us, boy,' the Pope sneered in her heart. 'I'll make you understand that you are messing with the wrong organization soon.'

—---

Thousand Beast Domain…

"Are you sure letting the Holy Order's envoys enter the Thousand Beast Domain is a good idea?" Chloee asked as she glanced at the Half-Elf that was standing beside her. "I'm sure that they are going to do something fishy while they are here."

William nodded his head in agreement.

"I know that as well, but in this regard, you don't have to worry so much," William replied. "Besides, I need more eyes, and putting trackers on those ten Inquisitors will allow me to gather important information at the subordinate's level.

"Although being able to get news directly from the Virtues is good, they are not aware of the movements of their own army, so keeping an eye on the grunts is also a good thing."

Chloee smiled after hearing William's reply. Clearly, the Half-Elf understood the dangers, and was even planning to use this to his advantage.

"You do have a point, but don't underestimate the Holy Order too much," Chloee advised. "The Pope is an old schemer and she is not someone that you can take lightly."

"I understand. I will be careful."

"Good."

William glanced at the Tower of Babylon in the distance and made a gesture with his hand. A moment later, a bridge descended from the sky and landed a meter away from his feet.

"Let's go," William ordered as he stepped on the Bifrost Bridge that would lead him to the Floor of Asgard.

Chloee nodded as she walked on the shining bridge alongside William. It had been a while since the Half-Elf had left the Floor of Asgard and he was wondering how the people of Lont were faring while he had been away.

'Too bad Lilith isn't here,' William sighed as he thought of the Amazon Princess who had returned to her Kingdom to assist her Mother in preparation for the war that was about to come. William had told her about his plans, and Lilith proposed that she return home in order to let the Amazon Empire assist her fiance in his endeavor.

Seeing that his fiance had made up her mind, William agreed to her proposal, and allowed her to leave the Floor of Asgard to return home.

—--

Meanwhile in the Thousand Beast Domain…

"Hoh~ you have good taste," Invidia looked at Shana from head to foot and circled around her body, inspecting the clothes that she had bought from Vickie's Secret. "I thought that Heavenly Virtues are stuck-up ladies who only knew how to wear robes. At least, it's good to know that one of you girls has some fashion sense."

"Hah, you underestimate us too much," Shana replied as she raised her chin in pride. "Well, I do agree that after being here, I found ordinary robes plain and boring. Even so, I wouldn't have discovered this way of living if not for you. So, allow me to thank you for showing me what it's like to wear fashionable clothes."

"Good. I like you. Feel free to pick out two more outfits, I'll pay for them for you."

"Wow! You're loaded?"

Invidia smiled as she took out a black VIP Card from her storage and handed it to the sales clerk.

"My merit points are around six digits, so I can spare you a few points," Invidia replied. "Treat me as someone meeting a fashion comrade."

"D-Damn! So many points?!" Shana wasn't able to believe it at first, but after seeing Invidia's smile, she had no choice but to believe that she had Merit Points that numbered in the six digits.

"J-Just how did you get so many points?" Shana asked. "Tell me your secret, Sister!"

"Sister? Well, although I am one of the Sins, and you are one of the Virtues, I will make an exception just for you." Invidia smiled after she felt how envious Shana was, so she decided to be more generous. "However, this is no place to talk. Pick two more outfits, and let's head to Starbox. I'll treat you to some Java Chip Frappuccino. Ah, your name is Melody, right? Pick two outfits as well. My treat."

"It's okay, I don't need them," Melody answered. "I'm fine with wearing robes."

"Well if you say so, but since you are letting William drink your blood, it will be best to buy some nightwear, so that your clothes wouldn't be stained when he drinks your blood," Invidia advised. "Last time I checked, William is strongly attracted to lace nightgowns. Also, they are very comfortable to wear. You should get one as well, Shana."

"Okay!" Shana replied. "Come, Melody. I'll pick a cute one for you."

"I-I don't really need one," Melody tried to argue, but Shana had already dragged her to the night-wear section where the most seductive nightgowns were being sold.

Although she tried to resist, Shana's and Invidia's encouragement got the best of her. In the end, she bought a silky black night-wear that she never dreamed of wearing in her lifetime.

Thirty minutes later…

"So, you want to know how to earn more Merit Points, right?" Invidia asked after taking a sip from her Frappucino. "Where does William usually drink your blood?"

"From our necks," Melody replied.

Invidia nodded her head in understanding. "I started with there as well, but in the end, I realized that William had a very peculiar habit, which is a surprise even for someone like me."

"A habit?" Shana asked. "What kind of habit?"Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

"We'll get to that later," Invidia smirked. "So, how many merit points do you get when you let him drink your blood from your neck?"

"Ten thousand Merit Points," Shana answered.

"Ah, so it was the same as mine," Invidia commented. "Okay, I'll tell you how those points will be doubled. There is also one more way you can get hundreds of thousands of Merit Points in one session, but I haven't tried that yet, so I can't confirm."

"W-What?! A Hundred Thousand Merit Points?!" Shana almost spat the Frapuccino out of her mouth after hearing Invidia's unbelievable comment. If she could get a hundred Thousand Merit Points in one session, she would be able to buy ten fashionable outfits at once!

"Like I said, that one isn't confirmed yet. It will be best if you ask Charmaine or Chloee about it later," Invidia stated. "For now, I will teach you how to increase your ten thousand Merit Points, to thirty thousand points."

The Sin of Envy smirked as she placed her hand over her neck.

"So, if you want to increase your points, you need to tell William to drink your blood to a different place, which is here," Invidia said as she moved her hand over her chest. "If you let William drink your blood from here, you will get thirty thousand points easily."

"W-What?!" Melody who had remained quiet until now exclaimed as she looked at the place where Invidia's hand was resting. "Y-You let him drink your blood in that place?!"

Invidia shrugged as if it wasn't a big deal. The reason why she wasn't too averse to the idea was due to the fact that she had already gotten used to it. Also, the Half-Elf's hobby of drinking her milk had already become part of her weekly routine, so it no longer fazed her.

Even Shana, who was so determined to get many Merit Points, stiffened after understanding what Invidia was trying to tell her.

"If you girls can't even handle this then you should not ask what the other method is," Invidia chuckled. "Like I said, I haven't done that yet. William is surprisingly a gentleman in that regard. Even in the face of my beautiful body, he doesn't try to go below the belt.

"Well, I guess this is also because he didn't need to do such a thing. The guy is already surrounded by beautiful women. Don't worry, he won't force you to do anything like that. So, do that only if you are desperate for Merit Points. If not, you can just settle for the normal blood drinking session and just save up the Merit Points until you can buy what you want."

After saying the things she needed to say, Invidia continued to drink her frappuccino and allow the two Virtuous Ladies to digest the information that she had just told them.

Whether they did it or not was none of her business. However, deep inside she was wondering if either of the two beautiful ladies in front of her were willing to take that leap of Fate, and let the Half-Elf teach them a thing or two about a different kind of pleasure.