Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1233 My Faith ls ln Your Hands [Part 1]

That night, William entered Melody's and Shana's room.

Originally, he wanted to give them separate rooms, but the two Virtuous Ladies rejected this idea. Since they were in enemy territory, being separated was the last thing they wanted to have happen.

Because of this, William gave them one of the spacious guest rooms in his Villa that wasn't being used.

The moment William entered the room, he paused because what he saw made him wonder if he entered the wrong room by accident.

However, after looking at the two beautiful ladies who were looking back at him, he recognized them as the two Virtues who had asked him to meet them later tonight.

"Those night dresses look good on both of you," William complimented the two girls who were both wearing a set of silky nightwear that highlighted the curves of their bodies.

Melody was wearing a black, one-piece nightdress. Although it had a semi-conservative design, it was vastly different from the plain robes that the Virtuous Lady of Faith wore on a daily basis, making the contrast between her usual attire quite striking

Shana, on the other hand, was a bit more adventurous. As someone who pursued fashion, even her nightwear was enough to make any fashion aficionado give her a thumbs up for her choice of clothes.

As if trying to match her sister, Shana wore a Lace Waistband Nightgown. The ends of her white, lacey-skirt reached only halfway between her thigh and her knees. The entire nightgown was only being held up by a strap that hung around her neck, completely leaving her back bare for anyone to see.

If the lady of Lust, Eros, saw Shana right now, she would definitely give the young lady her stamp of approval for being bold enough to wear such clothing.

Melody, who heard William's praise, lowered her head in embarrassment, while a blush appeared on Shana's face. Even for the blue-haired beauty, the nightwear she was wearing felt so breezy, that she had the thought that she wasn't wearing anything at all.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Shana was certain that if the Pope of the Holy Order of Life saw her right now, the old woman would either collapse due to heart-attack, or suffer from a stroke.

The blue-haired beauty knew that it would be impossible for her to wear this kind of clothing when she returned to the Palace of Light, so she decided to see what William's reaction would be to her nightdress, while she was still in the Thousand Beast Domain.

Fortunately, her choice was good and she received a compliment that made her feel happy inside.

William walked towards the two ladies to take a closer look. Melody lowered her head as she used her hands to cover her chest, to prevent the black-haired teenager from looking at it.

Shana on the other hand, placed her hands on her waist, and puffed up her chest, as if telling the Half-Elf to look as much as he wanted.

"They look really great on both of you," William commented. "Make sure to not let your sisters or the Pope see the two of you in this attire."

"And why should we?" Shana asked. Although she had no plans to show this nightdress to any of her sisters, she was quite curious about what the black-haired teenager was going to say next.

Even Melody perked up her ears and waited with bated breath for William's answer.

"It's because I want to be the only one to see you girls like this," William said. Although he tried to hide it, there was a trace of possessiveness in it that didn't escape Melody's and Shana's ears, making their hearts beat wildly inside their chests.

William reached out to hold Melody's and Shana's hands before gently pulling them off the bed and close to his body. The two girls didn't resist and, soon, the two of them found themselves staring into William's golden eyes which glowed faintly in the dim room.

"I won't force the two of you to do anything you don't like," William said. "So, feel free to tell me if you girls want me to stop, okay?"

William didn't wait for their replies and lowered his head to plant a kiss on both of their foreheads. Since the two girls were shorter than him by a head, it was fairly easy for him to do that.

After getting kissed, Shana raised her head and closed her eyes. A second later, she felt William's soft, and warm, lips pressing against hers, which caught her by surprise.

She was already used to the cold sensation of William's body after spending several nights with him. Because of this, she also knew that his body would eventually warm up after he had drunk some blood.

Although Shana was tempted to ask William whose blood he had drunk before he came into their room, his soft, and gentle kisses made her forget the question that had appeared in her head.

Half a minute later, William pulled back and looked at Melody who was also looking back at him. The Half-Elf lowered his head in her direction, and the latter didn't back away. The moment their lips touched, Melody's body shuddered for a bit before she closed her eyes to accept William's kiss.

The last time, William didn't use his tongue to kiss her. However, this time, his tongue parted her lips and gently poked her tongue.

Melody had seen how William had kissed Shana, so she had an understanding of what she should do right now. Soon, her tongue clumsily poked William's tongue back. A moment later, the two were like fencers trying to outdo each other, leaving Melody almost out of breath.

William pulled back at the right moment, giving her time for a breather.

Melody took this opportunity to lift up on her tiptoes to initiate a kiss with William, using her tongue to pry his lips open.

Soon, the Virtuous Lady of Faith sucked, licked, and kissed William's tongue, who remained motionless, allowing her to do whatever she wanted with it.

The moment their lips parted, a silvery string remained, connecting the two of them together before it broke away.

"Melody, stick out your tongue," William said softly.

Although it was said in a gentle manner, it was clearly an order, which made Melody's heart skip a beat.

A moment later, she stuck her tongue out between her sensuous lips and allowed William to have his way with them, just like what Shana had done to him a while ago.

Melody was almost out of breath when the Half-Elf turned his attention back to Shana, to give her another passionate kiss.

Several minutes later, only the sound of kissing could be heard inside the room, as three people held each other in a warm embrace, sharing passionate kisses with each other.

It was Shana who broke away first, and pulled the Half-Elf to the bed. William had just taken a seat on the bed when the blue-haired beauty untangled the lace behind her neck, causing the upper half of her nightwear to fall down from her young, and delicate body.

William stared at her chest which was laid bare for him to see before looking up at Shana who was looking at him with anticipation.

"This is just a business transaction," Shana tried to say with a straight face. "I only want more Merit Points, so please, don't get the wrong idea."

The black-haired teenager nodded before wrapping his hands around her waist to pull her closer to him.

"Are you ready?" William asked.

"Yes," Shana answered.

William moved his lips closer and kissed Shana's…

The blue-haired beauty wasn't expecting this kind of treatment from William, but she didn't make any move to stop him.

William kissed, licked, sucked, and lightly nibbled the shapely breast that was right in front of him.

Although Shana tried to endure it, she was still swept away by William's soft and gentle attacks, which she was experiencing for the first time.

Melody, who was watching from the side, was blushing fervently due to the handsome Half-Elf's actions.

Two minutes later, William opened his lips and extended his fangs. He had done his best to endure, but he finally reached his limit and gave in to his desire.

Just when Shana's body had become more sensitive due to his sensuous attacks, he finally bit down, and sank his fangs on her delicate, and tender breast, sending a shiver running down Shana's spine, momentarily making her mind go blank with a pleasure that painted her world white.