Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1236 My Faith Is In Your Hands [Part 4]

Melody breathed heavily as William kissed the entrance of her maidenhood.

Now that it had come to this, it was already too late to turn back. Just like his tongue had invaded her lips a while ago, it now relentlessly attacked the place that kept her purity safe.

Soon, the Virtuous Lady of Faith found herself unable to endure the different kind of pleasure that William was giving her, and clenched the bed sheets with her hands.

A few minutes later, her body shuddered as she reached her climax, proving that William already knew how to make her feel really good.VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

As the young lady panted for breath, William raised both of her legs before rubbing the tip of his manhood on her entrance, which was making wet, and seductive sounds that were inviting him in.

William moved his hip forward, and pierced through the protective layer that kept her innocence in place.

Melody gave a pained cry, but it didn't last long because the black-haired teenager's lips pressed over hers, conquering both her upper and lower lips at the same time.

The Half-Elf continued to kiss Melody for a few minutes before pulling back. A moment later, he started to move his hips as he went deeper inside her, making the Virtuous Lady moan sweetly, despite being a virgin not too long ago.

William didn't do it roughly and simply moved his hips as he did his best to make the beautiful lady under his body shudder with each thrust.

Her breast moved up and down, matching William's rhythm, who was slowly, but surely, raising her to the peak.

When she was about to reach her second climax, William suddenly stopped moving. The sudden loss of momentum made Melody open her eyes to see why the Half-Elf had stopped moving.

When their two gazes met, William gave her a devilish grin, which made the young lady feel frustrated. She was just one thrust away from reaching ecstasy, and the black-haired teenager denied her of it.

Suddenly, Melody raised her hips and started to move it on her own. William allowed her to do what she wanted, and simply remained motionless.

The scene of the Virtuous Lady of Faith, shaking her hips desperately to take in his manhood, fueled the desires that were blazing in his chest.

The thought of corrupting such a maiden passed through his mind. It was the feeling he had gotten used to feeling whenever he interacted with Melody. In the past, he just forcefully tossed these thoughts aside using his willpower, but now, the idea suddenly sounded so appealing, that William didn't toss it aside completely.

As she looked at Melody who was inching towards climax of her own volition, he thought that corrupting her wasn't entirely a bad idea.

Her beautiful flushed face that was desperate for his love,

Her moderate breasts that were tender to the touch,

Her unsoiled womb, soon to be a soiled womb,

And her sweet voice, that was like music to his ears.

He wanted it, he wanted her everything.

But, the ironic part was that he didn't need to take it.

The beautiful lady was offering her everything to him. All he needed to do was say yes, and pour his essence inside her, turning her innocent heart into a corrupted one.

Suddenly, William moved his hips and thrusted it forward.

Since Melody was moving her hips on her own, the moment the Half-Elf moved, his manhood pushed deep inside her, hitting the entrance of her womb and making her already sensitive body ache for him.

"Say you want to be corrupted by me," William said as he continued to thrust his hips, making the young lady feel as if she was being pushed to the edge of a bottomless pit. "Say that you want to get pregnant with my child."

"Hah… I want," Melody replied. "With your child."

"What?" William asked as he stopped moving. He also made sure to hold Melody's waist in place, preventing her from moving even if she wanted to. "What do you want?"

​ "I want to get pregnant," Melody answered. "With your child."

"Then, will you fall into corruption with me?" William asked as he slowly pushed his manhood forward until it kissed the entrance of her womb. He made sure to keep still, making the ache that Melody felt intensify.

"... I want."

"Say it again."

Melody bit her lip as she raised her hips as an offering to the Dark Prince, who was about to corrupt her entire being.

"I want to be corrupted by you," Melody said. "I want to be loved by you. I want to bear your child."

William smirked before moving his hips once more. This time, he did it roughly, for he had already decided to make the Virtuous Lady of Faith fall into the darkness with him.

Without any warning, the black-haired teenager's body shuddered as he released his seeds that were stained with darkness deep inside Melody's innocent womb.

Melody's body arched up like a bow as she felt something hot explode inside of her. At that exact moment, she found herself inside a white world, where a two-meter tall golden orb floated at its center.

Soon, the sky darkened, and the land under her feet became as black as obsidian. Only the golden orb that floated at the center of her world was spared, or so she thought.

Little by little, a dark stain started to rise up from the bottom of the golden orb. While this was happening, Melody felt her body slowly turning cold.

Flashes of memories appeared before her. They were warm and happy memories that would usually bring a smile to his lips, but as she gazed at them now, she felt nothing.

It was as if she had lost the ability to feel any emotions.

When half of the golden orb was stained by darkness, Melody looked at it in a calm manner, as if it wasn't important.

Even if the golden radiance were to completely turn black, she wouldn't give a damn.

When a third of the Golden Orb had been taken over by darkness, two powerful arms filled with warmth, wrapped around Melody's body, which had grown cold.

"You passed," a warm voice whispered in her ears. "From now on, you are my woman."

Melody turned her head to look behind him and saw a red-headed teenager with beautiful green eyes that captivated her.

"Let's go back," William said. "You do not belong in this world."

As if waiting for that moment, the golden orb that was starting to turn completely into a dark orb, slowly, but surely, pushed back the darkness.

William and Melody slowly rose up towards the sky, and as they did that, the dark world changed as well.

It didn't return to its pure white state, but it had changed completely.

Above their heads there was a clear blue sky, below them, a wide plane with fresh, green grass swayed in the wind.

In the distance, rivers and mountains were formed.

Lakes, and valleys came into being.

A beautiful world filled with color emerged from the combination of light and darkness.

When the golden orb had removed the last of the dark stains that had tried to corrupt it, a beautiful rainbow appeared in the sky, signifying that Melody's Sea of Consciousness had completed its rebirth.

Melody looked at this beautiful world with awe. She no longer felt cold and unfeeling, instead, she felt warmth, secure, and filled with strength that she didn't have before.

Due to her happiness, she wrapped her arms around William's neck and kissed him passionately.

When the kiss ended, she found herself, inside a familiar room, with the black-haired teenager's face mere inches away from her.

"Welcome back," William replied with a smile.

"Mmm," Melody hummed as she once again kissed William's lips.

She kept on kissing the Half-Elf over, and over again, not noticing the glowing pink crest that had appeared on her abdomen, marking her as one of William's women, who had fallen completely in love with him.

—-

Outside of William's Room…

"Will you not regret it?" Chloee asked Shana, who was standing beside the door like a Guardian, preventing anyone from disturbing Melody's and William's private moment together.

"I don't know," Shana replied. "This is the first time I've disobeyed the warnings of my Divinity, and left my friend to fend for herself."

"Aren't you being fickle? What if William corrupted her? She wouldn't be able to return to being a Virtue if that happened. There is also a high chance that a new Sin will be born. The opposite of Faith is Idolatry. Aren't you afraid that your Sister will become one of the Deadly Sins?"

Shana closed her eyes for a minute before opening them again.

"Whatever happens, it is the consequence of her choice," Shana replied. "Whether she will fall into corruption or not, solely depends on William. Although this might be rich coming from me, but I believe him."

"Is that what your Divinity is telling you?"

"... Yes."

Chloee chuckled before turning her head to walk away.

"Well, I guess we'll see when morning comes whether your gamble paid off or not," Chloee stated. "But, I will promise you this. If ever Melody falls into darkness, I will take good care of her. After all, I am the first being that William has corrupted in all my entirety."

Chloee gave Shana a bitter-sweet smile before turning into a black mist and vanishing completely.

Even though she had been corrupted by darkness, she understood more than anyone else, that the Half-Elf whom she loved, had preserved her heart, while sacrificing his own for the sake of everyone he loved.

—--