Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1237 For The Sake Of Her Sisters'Happiness

Melody sighed happily as William released his seed inside her womb for the umpteenth time.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

She had been an innocent maiden till a few hours ago, and yet, after the Half-Elf took it away, she found herself addicted to the pleasure that William was bringing her.

"You're hopeless," William said as he patted the young lady's long, and silky smooth hair. "You better behave yourself when you return to the Palace of Light."

"I will," Melody replied as she rested her head with contentment in William's chest. "I promise that the only one who will see me in this state is you."

"Good. I'd hate it if others were to see you like this."

"Mmm…. chu…"

Melody nibbled, and kissed William's chest, leaving a red mark on his body. Right now, the Half'Elf's chest, neck, and collarbone, had similar red marks, which the Virtuous Lady of Faith had left to ensure that the Dark Prince was not the only one who had left a mark on the other's body.

William found Melody's attempts quite amusing, so he just allowed her to do as she pleased and didn't use his magic to heal the kiss marks she had left on his body.

"Let's stop for tonight," William said softly. "Audrey will be arriving in a few hours, so you need to look presentable when you meet her."

"... Okay," Melody replied. "I'll help clean you up."

The beautiful young lady reluctantly propped herself up. William's manhood slid out from inside her, but it was still hard, and glistening due to being inside Melody for a long time.

Due to her desire to make her beloved feel good, Melody had asked William to teach her many things, and among them was cleaning him up, every time they finished making love to each other.

Melody's soft and sensuous lips pressed over the tip of the Half-Elf's member, giving it a kiss before gently wrapping it up with her tongue in order to clean the leftover traces of their lovemaking.

She zealously moved her head up and down to clean, lick, and suck up any remaining essence that was still left on William's manhood, which had made her a woman.

His woman.

Five minutes later, she released it from her mouth, creating a popping sound, which she found amusing.

"There, all cleaned up," Melody said with pride.

"Thank you," William replied as he too propped himself up from the bed and gave Melody's hand a light squeeze. "Let's take a bath together."

Melody nodded with a smile.

However, the two stayed in the bath an hour longer because the Virtuous Lady of Faith once again entangled the Half-Elf, who was more than happy to satisfy the young lady who had boldly faced the corruption that he brought her.

—---

"Shana, wake up."

"Just five more minutes…"

"Audrey will be arriving in an hour. You should wake up now so you can shower, and have some breakfast before we meet her."

The blue-haired beauty opened her eyes and sleepily glanced at her sister who had lost her innocence to William.

"Well, you look very happy and satisfied for some reason," Shana said in a teasing tone. "Did your blood drinking session with William make you feel that good?"

Melody's face immediately turned beet red after hearing her friend's words. What she didn't know was that Shana had stayed outside of their room to ensure that the two of them wouldn't be disturbed by anyone, as they made love to each other.

The Virtuous Lady of Prudence had only gone to sleep in her room when the two had finished making love for the first time. She knew that William had already made her sister his woman, so there was no need for her to do anything but sleep.

"Well, did it feel good?" Shana asked once again. This time, she used a mischievous tone, which made Melody's face turn a shade redder.

"... Yes."

"Are you fine with this?"

Melody looked at Shana with a serious expression on her face. It was at that moment when she understood what her Sister was talking about, so she decided to be honest and nodded her head in affirmation.

"Okay, I understand," Shana said before she yawned. "I'll get up. Since you probably now have over a million Merit Points, you will treat me to several items of clothing and desserts. Ah, make sure to treat Audrey and those Inquisitors as well. We'll give them a tour of K-City later."

Melody's mouth opened and closed like a goldfish out of water. William hadn't given her over a million Merit Points after the two of them made love over and over again. Simply put, she didn't ask William to embrace her for Merit Points, but for the sake of the feelings he held for him.

"I-I'll meet you in the dining hall," Melody immediately left the room with an embarrassed look on her face.

Although she didn't want to do this, she had no choice but to ask William if she could get some Merit Points, so that she could satisfy Shana's proposal of buying some clothes for her, in addition to treating Audrey and the Inquisitors to a good meal in K-City.

Shana giggled after her sister closed the door behind her in a hurry. She knew full well that Melody wasn't that interested in acquiring Merit Points, and only decided to go through with it because of her insistence.

"I'm glad that he didn't betray my expectations," Shana said softly. "I really thought that he would corrupt her completely."

Shana had felt it when Melody was slowly being corrupted. A part of her had wanted to barge inside the room and save her friend, while the other half wanted to believe that William wouldn't really hurt her sister.

In short, the blue-haired beauty had taken a gamble, for the sake of bringing closure to Melody's feelings for William.

Fortunately, the Half-Elf recognized her determination, and saved her from falling into darkness, and turning her Virtue into a Sin.

"With this, both of us can return to the Palace of Light," Shana raised her hand and stretched like a cat. "When I return, I'd better interrogate Lira and Ephemera. I bet those two have already jumped to William's ship as well."

Unlike Melody, Shana treated her sessions with the black-haired teenager as purely a business transaction. Perhaps, to some degree, William had felt this as well, so he treated her with respect, and didn't go past her bottomline.

She could tell with utmost certainty that what she held for the black-haired teenager was only pure curiosity, including the skinship that she had shared with him. Being cooped up in the Palace of Light for so long, Shana also wished for freedom.

This was why she felt a sense of liberation when she was in the Thousand Beast Domain because it felt new and fresh to her.

'Still, I admit that it felt really good,' Shana thought as she remembered her session with William, where the Half-Elf had taken the liberty of indulging himself on her breast. 'Well, since Melody will be paying for dozens of clothes later, I will let his actions slide this time.'

Shana had already changed her opinion about William. After getting to know him better, she now fully understood that the Half-Elf really didn't want to harm them. In her eyes, the scary Dark Prince was no longer as scary as she originally thought he would be.

'The only problem now is the Pope.' Shana frowned after thinking about the old lady that led the forces of the Holy Order of Light. 'She once mentioned in passing that she already had the perfect means to deal with William. I better keep an eye on her actions when we return to the Palace of Light.'

For the sake of her sisters' happiness, and for the sake of fashion, Shana also planned to prevent any conflicts between the Holy Order and the Dark Prince, who had now taken hold of several of her Sisters' hearts.