Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1239 Audrey's Compromise

A day after Audrey arrived in the Thousand Beast Domain…

"Let's ride that next!" Audrey pointed at the Roller Coaster, which made Shana chuckle, and Melody shake her head.

"I'll go with you," Shana said. "Relax, I can pay for every attraction you want to ride today."

"You and Melody have so many Merit Points," Audrey commented. "How can I get them? I want some too."

Melody, who heard Audrey's comment, held her hand and looked at her with a serious expression on her face.

"You are a guest, it is only natural that we pay for everything," Melody said before looking at Shana for support. "Isn't that right, Shana?"

Shana nodded with a smile because she could tell that Melody didn't want Audrey anywhere near William. Although Melody already knew that the handsome Half-Elf wasn't particularly interested in Audrey, she would not allow her untainted Sister to be bitten even once by him.

Just a single night with William would be fatal, and she didn't want Audrey to experience the things that she, and Shana, had experienced in the black-haired teenager's warm embrace.

Shana took Melody to the Roller Coaster, while being followed by the ten Inquisitors. Although their escorts didn't want to admit it, they had also enjoyed the various attractions that K-City Theme Park had to offer.

Even Audrey got addicted to Dance Dance Evolution.

Unfortunately, she still hadn't won against Shana, and Melody, who had already become proficient with it after practicing for several days.

The Virtuous Lady of Faith watched as her two sisters went on the Roller Coaster ride with a smile. Deep inside, she wanted to bring her other sisters to the Thousand Beast Domain as well, especially Cherry, who would definitely enjoy the attractions that would definitely strike her fancy.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

"You really don't want to try riding the Roller Coaster?" a devilish voice whispered in her ears. A moment later, two arms wrapped themselves around her body and pulled her against a lean, and strong, body that she had embraced and kissed two days ago.

"Not in broad daylight," Melody said as she turned her head to look at the black-haired teenager who was looking at her with a mischievous smile. "What will you do if they see us together?"

"They won't," William said before pulling Melody to a stall to block the Roller Coaster's view. "See? They won't see you from here."

"Hah… you're so pushy."

"Mmm. I can be pushy when I feel like it."

William kissed Melody's forehead, making the latter raise her head to look up at him.

"Kiss me," Melody said. "Hurry before they return."

"Look who's being pushy now?" William replied, but before Melody could retort to his words, he lowered his head and pressed his lips over her soft lips that he had already claimed as his own.

"Mom, what are they doing?" a Demon girl, who was walking hand in hand with her mother, asked when she saw Wiliam and Melody kissing by the stall.

"You will understand when you are older," the mother replied as she led her daughter to go to the Grand Carousel. "You said you like to ride horses right? How about we go there?"

"Un!" The demon girl completely forgot the two kissing people beside them as she anxiously pulled her mother's hand in order to drag her to the Grand Carousel before her mother could change her mind.

When William and Melody's kiss ended, the beautiful lady lightly thumped William's chest with her closed fist and looked at him with disapproval.

"You're being a bad role model to the kids," Melody stated. "You shouldn't just kiss me, or any of your women, out in public."

"I'll think about it," William replied before lightly caressing Melody's lips with his thumb. "One more kiss?"

"Just this once, okay?" Melody said as she placed her hands over William's shoulder. "I'm still angry at you because you didn't allow me into your room last night. You better make up to me tonight."

"Okay."

"As long as you understand."

The two once again kissed, and this time, William decided to use his magic to create a mirror made of water to reflect the surroundings around them, and hide them from view.

As much as he wanted to continue teasing Melody, he knew that the latter really didn't want others to see her kissing William in public. Since that is the case, he decided to respect her wishes in order to keep their relationship healthy.

Melody has already been registered as one of his Familia Members.

This meant that William had truly recognized her as one of his women, and decided to treasure her, as much as she treasured him.

For some reason, there was a foreboding feeling in the back of his mind, telling him that he might have done something wrong. Now that his women had surpassed a dozen, he felt as if he had forgotten something important.

However, he tossed these thoughts aside as he enjoyed Melody's lips, whose arms had wrapped around his neck, savoring his kiss that filled her heart with love.

—----

"Did you guys enjoy the Roller Coaster?" Melody asked as she looked at her two sisters that had just come down from the Roller Coaster platform.

"Yes!" Audrey said with a big smile on her face. "It's a shame you weren't there with us. It was fun!"

"Don't worry, Audrey," Shana said as she looked at Melody's flushed face. "I'm sure that Melody also enjoyed herself while waiting for us to return."

Melody shot Shana a glare, and the latter only chuckled, while covering her lips with her hand.

Shana had seen a red mark on Melody's neck that was half hidden by her robe. The mark was fairly new, and she didn't have to be a genius to know who planted the kiss mark on her sister's neck.

In order to change the topic, Melody decided to take Audrey, and the Inquisitors, to one of the dress shops that were right outside the Theme Park.

All of them were girls, and deep inside, they wanted to dress up as well. She had already seen Audrey's reaction when they passed by this particular shop the other day and knew that her sister wanted to try on a few dresses herself.

Naturally the Inquisitors wanted to refute, but Melody managed to shut them up by telling them that they could also buy a few dresses for themselves.

She added that since all of them were buying clothes, they didn't have to tell the Pope about this, and could keep their purchases inside the storage ring for future use, just in case they needed to leave the Palace of Light and needed to infiltrate other territories for reconnaissance missions.

Shana found this excuse flimsy at best. If the Inquisitors were to really wear the dresses from the Thousand Beast Domain when they did their missions, it would be impossible for them to keep a low profile.

The Inquisitors were quite pretty in their own right, and if that was paired up with pretty clothes, then they would stand out no matter where they went.

However, to her surprise, the Inquisitors bought Melody's excuse. It seemed that, aside from their mission, they were also keen on bringing back some souvenirs from their visit inside the Thousand Beast Domain.

The Inquisitors had already accomplished their mission and placed the trackers in various locations inside the Thousand Beast Domain. Naturally, William had taken precautionary steps in order to prevent any leakage of information from the locations where the trackers were placed.

Since they had already done what the Pope had asked of them, they no longer hesitated and enjoyed the things that the Thousand Beast Domain had to offer. Because of the various spas, massages, and other health services, the Inquisitors lived comfortable lives, which they couldn't experience in the outside world.

They were also able to eat delicious food, which they had never tasted before. William was certain that after these ladies, who had mostly lived an ascetic lifestyle, left the Thousand Beast Domain, any food they ate afterwards would taste like dirt.

Even Audrey, who was more flexible than most, couldn't resist the modern lifestyle that everyone in the Thousand Beast Domain had become accustomed to, and she had only been there for a day and a half.

"Hey, can the two of you be honest with me?" Audrey asked as she held two dresses in her hands and looked at her reflection in the mirror. "It's not that you can't leave this place, it is that you don't want to leave this place, right?"

Shana smiled and gave Audrey a wink, while Melody kept a calm expression on her face.

Audrey knew the answer to her question with a single glance. In truth, she couldn't blame her sisters for wanting to stay. The Thousand Beast Domain was simply that good, and even she, one of the firm believers of the Holy Order of Light, was tempted to spend a few more days inside William's Domain in order to have a short vacation.

Fortunately, the Pope didn't give her any time limit. Her mission was to bring Shana and Melody back to the Palace of Light safely. After a brief internal struggle, the brown-haired beauty looked at her two sisters with a determined look on her face.

"We can stay here for one more week, after that we have to go," Audrey said firmly. "There will be no further extensions, do I make myself clear?"

"Okay."

"Understood."

Shana and Melody exchanged a glance at each other. Since they could only stay for one more week inside the Thousand Beast Domain they decided to enjoy their last days as much as they could before they returned to their normal lives, as the Heavenly Virtues that resided inside the Palace of Light.