Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1240 His Inner Wolf Would Come Out To Eat You Up

(Disclaimer: Minor R-18 Scenes because I know that you guys are already tired of it. But since, this is important for the plot, I'm still going to do it :P )

—-

William had an awkward look on his face as Melody, and Shana, took turns servicing his little brother with their soft lips, showering it with kisses.

He thought that Melody would be the only one seeing him tonight, but to his surprise, the blue-haired beauty tagged along, and decided to learn a few things before she left the Thousand Beast Domain in a week's time.

When William told her that she didn't have to do this, and that Melody was enough, Shana simply told him that she was only curious about a guy's body, and had no intention of giving her chastity to him.

The Half-Elf looked to Melody for help, but the latter could only give him a bitter smile, which told him that she had already given up in trying to convince Shana not to come with her.

In order to prevent anyone from spying on them, the Half-Elf decisively took the two girls to the Sea-side Villa inside the Dungeon of Atlantis.

Audrey and the Inquisitors could stumble upon them anytime,while they were doing the act, and this was something that William, Melody, and Shana wanted to avoid at all cost.

William was sitting on the bed, while the two girls kneeled on the carpeted floor, wearing the new night dresses that they had bought earlier that day. Although Shana's face had become red as a tomato after seeing Little William, her curiosity pushed her to understand more about this part of a man's body, that was responsible for taking her sister's purity.

To William's chagrin, his little brother was more than happy to be kissed, licked, and sucked, by the two beautiful ladies, who were giving him their full attention.

'How did this thing manage to fit inside Melody?' Shana thought as he took it inside her mouth to test on how far it could go. 'It's simply too big.'

"Shana, don't use your teeth," William said softly as he rested his left hand on Shana's head. "Don't be in a rush, time moves slower here, and I'm not going anywhere until I sate your curiosity."

In truth, Melody and Shana were worried that Audrey would come to look for them in the middle of the night to talk, so they decided to chat with her for a long time in her room before excusing themselves of going back to their bedrooms.

Although they feel like their sister was exhausted from the day's excursion and wanted to rest, they still decided to play it safe. The two ladies only planned to spend a small amount of time with William before going back to their rooms before they were discovered to be missing.

However, after hearing William's assurance, Shana no longer felt like hurrying and decided to take her time in understanding the wonders of the Dark Prince's manhood.

Melody, on the other hand, cupped the side of William's face and presented her breast to him.

The Half-Elf understood that Melody wanted to make the most of the time they could have together, so he no longer hesitated and accepted her offering.

His fangs sank into her soft bosom, and drank her blood as slowly, and gently as he could. His tongue kissed, licked, flicked, and bit the firm pink tip, while licking the rich blood that streamed down her tender breast.

Melody sighed as she surrendered herself from the pleasure, completely forgetting that Shana was also in the room with her.

Shana was clumsily doing her beast to pleasure, William, and the latter decided to help her a bit.

The Half-Elf's left hand that was resting on top of Shana's head, started to move. Shana was surprised at first, but in the end, she didn't resist and allowed the Half-Elf to teach her the ways of pleasuring a man.

As for why Shana was practicing to do these things, William just thought that this was simply how the blue-haired beauty perceived the world around her, not giving it any bias, while using her Divinity to calculate what was beneficial for her or not.

In truth, Shana hadn't been using the power of her Divinity for the past few days. As an individual, she could make decisions for herself, and not be bound by the percentages that allowed her to live a safe life away from harm.

In fact, Shana was the complete opposite of her Divinity that required great caution, and thinking over things twice before doing them.

She was bold, she was adventurous, and most of all, she was curious about a lot of things!

In fact, her curiosity was similar to that of a scientist, or a doctor, who was curious about what made a human body function.Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

A moment later, Shana felt the tip of William's member expanding, and knew that he was about to release his essence. Instead of removing it from her lips, she held it firmly in place and braced herself for what was about to come.

The moment William's seed shot out inside of her mouth, the blue-haired beauty almost gagged, but she endured and simply accepted William's release. She didn't swallow it but held it in her mouth.

When the black-haired teenager was done, the young lady used her tongue to taste, and feel the thickness of William's seed, making the latter feel awkward.

A minute later, Shana swallowed everything. She then looked at William's member that was glistening with traces of his seed and her saliva.

"Let me clean you up," Shana said as she meticulously cleaned the little guy, who was standing tall and proud. "You sure are a feisty little guy."

Shana flicked Little Will with her finger, thinking that it would be fun to do that. The blue-haired lady giggled when he saw the feisty little guy twitch a few times as if feeling wronged by her action.

"You shouldn't do that, Shana," Melody said as she held the little guy with her fingers. "This part is very delicate, so you should treat it with great care."

The next thing that she did was to lower her hips and allowed William's member to slide inside her without any resistance.

After doing it with William till dawn the other day, she had gotten accustomed to his size, and thickness.

However, for some reason, the Half-Elf's member was a lot harder, and more impressive than the last time she had been with him. Melody tossed this matter aside because she didn't think that it was important.

She then moved her hips up and down, creating wet, and indecent sounds. Melody had already accepted William as her significant other, and the Half-Elf was more than happy to teach his new lover the various ways there were to make him feel good.

"Interesting, there is a slight bulge here," Shana said as she touched Melody's abdomen, making the latter shudder.

The blue-haired beauty watched until Melody, and Wiliam climaxed together before decisively telling the Half-Elf to return them to the Villa in the Thousand Beast Domain.

After the Half-Elf cleaned the two up with his magic, he then transported the two back to their room, just in time for them to hear Audrey's voice, while the latter knocked on their door, making the two of them jump up in surprise.

The two ladies exchanged a glance with each other before Shana hurriedly opened the door, and came face to face with Audrey who had a very concerned look on her face.

"What's wrong?" Shana asked. She could tell that something was wrong, and wondered if her Sister had discovered their tryst with the black-haired Prince of Darkness.

"We need to return at once," Audrey said with a serious expression on her face. "The Elun Empire has completely fallen into the Demon Army's hands, and they are now planning to expand outwards.

"The Kraetor Empire and the Ares Empire (Amazon Empire) might be their next target, and the Pope had sent me an urgent message to ask William to let the two of you go, so that you can join the battle as soon as possible."

Shana and Melody exchange a glance at each other as their expressions also turned serious. Although they were reluctant to part with the Half-Elf and the Thousand Beast Domain, the safety of the Central Continent was still their responsibility.

"I understand, I will inform William immediately," Melody said as she tried to leave the room in haste.

However, before she could even do that, Audrey grabbed her arm and held her in place.

"Before that, I think you should change your clothes first," Audrey said as she looked disapprovingly at Melody's nightwear which barely covered the important parts of her body. "I know that William is a gentleman, but if you present yourself to him dressed like that, his inner wolf would come out to eat you up."

Melody looked down on her clothes then back at her sister, who was still looking at her nightdress with great interest.

If only Audrey knew that the wolf inside William had eaten her sister's cherry two days ago, the brown-haired lady might have had a seizure then and there for having failed her mission before it even started.