Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1242 The Demon Army's True Target

"This is goodbye, William," Audrey said. "Thank you for your hospitality and generosity. After this war is over, I hope that I can come and visit the Thousand Beast Domain again."

"You're welcome anytime," William replied. "I look forward to hosting you, as well as your sisters, some time in the future."

The Half-Elf then glanced at Melody and Shana and gave both of them a reminder.

"Be careful, and don't let Felix's henchmen catch either of you again," William said with a serious expression on his face. "I will not always be around to save the members of the Heavenly Virtues."

Melody and Shana nodded. The only evil Prince that they wanted to capture them was William.

At least, compared to the Heir of Darkness, the Dark Prince was kinder, despite his cold touch, that would only turn warm once he had drank some of their blood.

Audrey looked at William with a complicated gaze before voicing her thoughts out loud.

"I hope that the next time we meet, we will be allies and not enemies on the battlefield," Audrey stated.

"I wish for that as well," William replied. "But, our relationship will depend on the decision of your Pope. I will not take the initiative to antagonize the Holy Order. It will always be the Holy Order that will antagonize me first."

Audrey could only smile bitterly after hearing William's reply because she knew that the Half-Elf was right.

She could tell that William really had no intention of harming them, but their Pope had other things in mind, which would definitely come to the surface once the battle against the Demon Army was over.

"Although I can't speak for the entire Holy Order of Light, know that I have no personal ill feelings towards you," Audrey commented. "If possible, I would love to be your friend."

William nodded in understanding. "I feel that as well. Well then, may all of you have a safe journey. I'll see you on the battlefield."

The Envoy of the Holy Order of Light was standing on the Bifrost Bridge, which would allow them to instantly teleport to Hestia Academy under William's command.

With a bright flash of light, Audrey, Melody, Shana, and the Inquisitors disappeared from the Floor of Asgard and reappeared outside the gates of Hestia Academy.

After making sure that the envoy of the Holy Order had arrived safely to their destination, William gathered the important personages within his Thousand Beast Domain for a meeting.

The Patriarchs of the Demon Clans, Chloee, Charmaine, Princess Aila, Haleth, Shannon, Vesta, Anh, and a few others gathered inside the conference room, including the Elf King, his advisers, as well as the Guardians of the Silvermoon Continent, who had taken on a humanoid form.

Their meeting was held at the City Hall of K-City, which William had designated to be the main conference room during the war against the Heir of Darkness and the Primordial God of Darkness and Chaos, Ahriman, whom he served.

After everyone had arrived, William told them the plans he had for the upcoming war to ensure that all of them were on the same page.

"Right now, the Demon Army has completely conquered the Elun Empire, and is poised to strike the two neighboring Empires which are the Kraetor and Ares Empire," William said.

William pointed at the projection of a giant map that hovered in the center of the conference room.

"Before I tell you my plans, I would like to hear your opinions on what the Demon Army's next move might be," William stated. "Do not hesitate, and make your opinions known. You will not receive any punishment for voicing your thoughts in this meeting."

As soon as William finished talking, the Patriarch of the Sand Clan, Zeph, who was also Kira's grandfather, stood up.

"I believe that the Demon Army's attack on the Elun Empire is merely a smokescreen," Zeph commented. "I don't know what their main goal is, but I believe that this is merely a diversion to force the Alliance, and the Holy Order of Light to pull back their forces, and stop their attack on the Kingdom of Zabia, which had become the Heir of Darkness' main stronghold.

"Granted, I could be wrong in my assumption, but I believe that with their ability to go anywhere in the Central Continent, using the Divide and Conquer tactic is the most appropriate choice."

William nodded his head because Zeph did have a point. A moment later, Lorcan, the Patriarch of the Rhanes Clan, which was one of the Three Major Clans of the Fortaare Desert, as well as Zeph's true Lord, spoke up.

"If I may make a wild conjecture, I believe that Zeph is correct," Lorcan stated. "However, after eliminating the various possibilities I have in mind, there is one place where the Demon Army can go, which would allow them to expand unchallenged."

William, who was listening to Lorcan's words, suddenly realized what the old man was hinting at.

Lorcan was the true mastermind within the Fortaare Desert and his insight was still sharp, despite the fact that he was the oldest Demon Patriarch present inside the conference room.

"I'm sure that his Excellency has already realized where the Demon Army would attack next and, if my hunch is right, they are now amassing their army in order to launch an all out attack on the most important target that they need to conquer."

William took a deep breath because he managed to dodge a bullet. If he hadn't held a conference with his subordinates, he might have failed to understand what Felix's next move was.

Originally, William's plan was to attack the Zabia Kingdom, while Felix's army was in the Elun Empire. He thought that this was the best course of action since it would have allowed him to corner the Heir of Darkness and end his reign.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

However, he had completely forgotten what the Demon Army's true target was, and the main purpose behind why they had mobilized the entire Demon Race to wage their war.

"The Silvermoon Continent," William said with a serious expression on his face. "And the location where they would appear is…"

The Elf King's and his advisers' faces became pale after they remembered where the Demon Lord had appeared when he tried to do a Blitzkrieg attack on the Silvermoon Continent.

"The Sacred Grove!" the Elf King shouted after standing up from his seat. "He plans to take down the World Tree!"

As if waiting for that moment, a notification appeared on William's Status Page telling him that a distortion in space had appeared and started to open up a mile away from the location of the Sacred Grove.

"Everyone, prepare to battle!" William ordered as he immediately left the Thousand Beast Domain.

A moment later, he instantly reappeared in the Sacred Grove, which startled Arwen who was reading a book on one of the roots of the World Tree.

"Will, welcome back," Arwen greeted her son with a smile. "Why did you come back earl–"

"Mother, now is not the time to talk," William replied as he gazed into the distance where the sky had started to change color. "Go to the Spring of Life and hide there. Sister Skyla, please make sure that Mother is safe."

The White Crane who was perched on one of the branches of the World Tree spread its wings to acknowledge William's request.

Arwen wasn't stupid and instantly realized what was going to happen after seeing the distortion that had now become visible to the naked eye.

"The Demons," Arwen said in a voice brimming with anger. "They planned to attack the World Tree again?!"

William nodded. "Don't worry. As long as I am here, the World Tree is safe. Mother, please protect my wives. I'll leave their safety in your hands. I'll handle the rest."

Arwen no longer hesitated and retreated down the path that led to the Spring of Life. With his mother leaving the scene, William raised his hand, and opened three portals behind him.

A moment later, Astrape, Bronte, Titania, The Nymphs, and Triton appeared by his side. They were his main line of defense against the Pseudo-Gods under Felix's command. With them standing on the front lines, he was certain that the Bull Demon King, Princess Iron Fan, and Da Peng, wouldn't be able to get past them.

The Guardians, who were the protectors of the Silvermoon Continent, appeared out of the third portal and all of them looked at the distortion in the sky with solemn looks on their faces.

It reminded them of the war that happened years ago. Only this time, the one that stood by their side was the son of the Saintess of the World Tree, and not the Dungeon Conqueror Maxwell, who had merged with the Tree that towered above their heads.

"All of the Guardians will stay here near the World Tree," William ordered. "Don't let anyone get past your defenses."

William, as well as his subordinates, rose up into the sky and waited for the distortion to complete its transformation.

The thousands of Elves that had been turned into Drows lined up around the Elven Capital in preparation to defend their homeland from the invaders, just as they had done several years ago.

Their Elven Prophecy had stated that their lands would be conquered by the Dark Prince, which had already come to pass. Now that the Heir of Darkness had come knocking on their doors, they would not stand idly by and allow the Elven Lands to be defiled a second time.