Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1243 Sorry, Not Sorry

Half a day before the distortion appeared near the Sacred Grove of the Silvermoon Continent…

"Have the soldiers from the entirety of the Elun Empire started to mobilize?" Felix asked.

"Yes, Your Excellency," Felix's subordinate replied. "The transfer of troops from the Zabia Kingdom is going smoothly as well. According to our estimate, it will take us at least six to seven hours before all of our manpower is gathered here at the Capital of the Elun Empire."

"How about the Alliance and the forces of the Holy Order of Light? Any news about their movements?"

"The Alliance and the Holy Order are scrambling to position themselves along the borders of the Kraetor Empire and the Ares Empire. They thought that we are amassing our forces for expansion, and are preparing to block our advance."

Felix smirked after hearing his subordinate's reply. This was exactly what he had planned in his mind after the blitzkrieg attack in the Elun Empire.

Truth be told, they had run out of manpower after the previous battle against the Alliance and the Holy Order of Light. In order to fill that gap, they needed to attack an Empire with sufficient soldiers in order to replenish their fighters..

The Elun Empire was the perfect place to visit, so Felix had decided to attack there and absorb their forces.

Although he was tempted to attack the Amazon Empire, Ahriman told him that there was a possibility that the Goddess of the Amazons had a way to descend into her city. This was a risk that Felix didn't want to take, so he decided to just go with his original plan.

He had no intention of attacking the Kraetor Empire because there was no merit in attacking it. The Heir of Darkness thought that he would just be wasting time and resources dealing with another big Empire that had now received reinforcements from their allies.

'I've also gotten bored of Human girls,' Felix mused. 'It's time to taste something new, and the Elves will be the perfect dish for my new cravings. Those two b*tches, Invidia and Superbia seemed to have sensed that I planned to corrupt them, so they fled before I could even lay my hands on them. I should have taken them when I still had the opportunity to.'

The Ladies of the Deadly Sins and the Heavenly Virtues were the true prize that Felix was aiming for. He lusted after their beauty, bodies, and Divinities. He was confident that if he managed to absorb their powers, he would truly become the one true Overlord of the world.

'I wonder what that Half-Elf will think once I've had my way with his mother and recorded it on recording crystals.' Felix laughed internally. 'If I do that, he will certainly come out of hiding. The moment he does, I will immediately capture him and make him wish that he was never born. I will make sure to let his cousin, that b*tch, Eve, witness his suffering as well.'

In truth, Felix was quite irritated because the red-haired girl had almost the same status as him, perhaps even higher than his in Ahriman's eyes.

The green-haired Demon knew that once he lost the support of the Primordial God of Demons, he would lose everything that he had built up over the years.

'Still, it has been a long time since I've heard any news of that Half-Elf,' Felix thought as he rubbed his chin. 'Could it really be that he has gone into hiding since his wives were killed? Such a troublesome cockroach. Why won't he just let himself be captured peacefully so we can end this struggle between us?'

Just as Felix was pondering on what kind of torture he would give to William once he had been captured, the Bull Demon King and Princess Iron Fan entered the throne room.

"Will we use the Shadow Slaves when we attack the Elven Kingdom?" the Bull Demon King inquired. Since he was the main commander of the Demon Army, he wanted to know which units were going to be put under his command.

"Yes," Felix answered. "Although I am not too worried about the Guardians of the Silvermoon Continent, they are an annoying bunch. It is best to capture the World Tree as soon as possible, and use it as a hostage to force the Elves to submit to my will."

"I think it will be overkill, but I have no complaints with this plan," Princess Iron Fan commented. "Still, this plan of yours is quite insidious. Making the Alliance think that we are aiming for the two adjacent Empires, when our true goal is in another continent. Truly, an unexpected move."

Felix smirked after hearing Princess Iron Fan's praise. If not for the fact that she was the Bull Demon King's wife, he might have considered screwing her as well.

"We will leave as soon as we can," Felix ordered. "Make the final preparations and ensure that, when we start our invasion, the Elves will not be able to do anything about it."

The Bull Demon King nodded. "Understood."

A few hours later, Felix stood in front of a massive army that numbered in the millions. Seeing this sight, the Heir of Darkness couldn't stop the triumphant smile that appeared on his face.

'What my father failed to achieve, I will achieve,' Felix thought. 'Too bad, that Half-Elf won't be there when I conquer his mother's homeland.'

Felix really wished that William was in the Silvermoon Continent, because, if he was, they would be able to relive the battle that their fathers had in the past, and this time, it would be Felix who would be the one to claim victory over the hateful Ainsworth Family that had prevented them from conquering the Silvermoon Continent, many years ago.

"Everyone prepare, I will open the gate!" Felix declared.

"Soldiers line up!" the Bull Demon King ordered. "The moment the gate opens, follow my lead and begin our conquest!"

The cheers of the Demon Army, and the corrupted Human soldiers rang out inside the capital of the Elun Empire.

Eve, who was watching this from afar, lowered her head and closed her eyes. Even if she tried to stop the Demons from attacking the Silvermoon Continent, no one would listen to her words because this was the will of Ahriman himself.

The gems on the Crimson Crown on Felix's head glowed brightly as it shot a beam of light towards the location where his soldiers were waiting.

A moment later, a red portal slowly formed. It grew bigger in size with each passing minute, as the connection between the Central Continent and Silvermoon Continent was being established.

Ten minutes later, the giant red portal had fully formed, radiating an eerie crimson light from its depths.

Felix nodded in the direction of the Bull Demon King, informing the latter that the connection was now stable and they could begin their conquest anytime.

"Everyone, rally to me!" the Bull Demon King ordered. "Charge!"

""Charge!""

The Bull Demon King, Princess Iron Fan, and Felix, who was riding on top of Da Peng, rushed towards the red portal. The Demon Army followed behind them and charged through it while shouting their warcries.

As soon as Felix and his army came out on the other side of the portal, a teasing voice reached their ears.

"Sorry, not sorry."ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

It was at that moment when the Heir of Darkness and his minions found themselves staring at a concentrated magical bombardment, accompanied by countless arrows that were about to land, directly on their faces.