Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1244 Spoken Like A True Ainsworth

Loud explosions reverberated in the surroundings as the magical bombardment descended upon the Demon Army that had just emerged from the red portal.

Blood flowed like a river, as cry of pain, shock, and anger spread across the battlefield, which was still under heavy bombardment from the Pseudo-Gods that belonged to William's faction, as well as the Drows who were hellbent on unleashing their magical arrows to the Demons who once again dared to conquer their lands.

"Quick Shot War Art Fourth Form…," William held Stormcaller in his hands as tendrils of lightning appeared on the tip of his spear. "Grand Bazooka!"

A lightning infused attack bombarded the center of the Red Portal creating a loud explosion that decimated the corrupted Humans, as well as the Demons, who were still waiting for their turn to enter the portal in the Elun Empire.

A loud shriek came from the red portal as Da Peng, the golden eagle flew up in the air with serious injuries on its body. Mounted on his back, Felix who suffered minor injuries glared at the Half-Elf who was holding Stormcaller in his hands.

"You! What are you doing here?!" Felix roared.

"I came here to pick up the trash," William replied. "My goodness, I didn't know that there was a cockroach riding on top of it as well. Girls, slug him."

Astrape, Bronte, and the Nymphs focused their attacks on the Golden Eagle, dying its golden body with blood, and making it cry out in pain.

No matter how much it tried to evade their attacks, as long as the Nymphs worked together, their attacks would always land on its body.

The Bull Demon King, and Princess Iron Fan weren't faring well either. Titania, and Triton were making sure that the two Pseudo-Gods were unable to help Felix due to their relentless attacks that pushed the two of them back repeatedly.

"B*tch! Get out of my way!" Princess Iron Fan screamed as he unleashed Crimson Wind Blades at the Fairy Queen who was sneering at her.

"Such crass words," Titania replied as he summoned giant vines to block the Crimson Wind Blades that were aimed in her direction. "No wonder you are this ugly, when was the last time you looked at the mirror you mongrel?"

"How dare you?!"

"Bring it on plebeian!"

As the two ladies fought one-on-one, Triton faced the Bull Demon King, and kept him at bay.

William, who was observing the battle from a distance, didn't move from his place, and only continued to fire his long range attacks at the red portal, decimating the Demons who were still pouring out from it.

He wasn't in a hurry to attack Felix because he knew that when the green-haired Demon's life was really in danger, Ahriman would make his move.

This was why he decided to focus on killing the small fries first, while Astrape, Bronte, and the Nymphs give Da Peng a one-sided beating that made it look like a bloody chicken, instead of a golden eagle.

With one final unwilling cry, Da Peng crashed on the ground, where it still received a concentrated bombardment from the Pseudo-Gods, giving it no mercy.

Felix had dismounted from its back as it crashed towards the ground and was hurriedly flying towards the red portal when a green vine wrapped on his leg, preventing him from escaping.

A moment later, several lightning bolts, and a hail of arrows descended upon him with a vengeance.

Felix hastily activated the power of the Crown of Darkness and created a black dome to protect himself from the incoming attacks.

While this was happening, William ordered Titania to drag the Bloody Chicken, Da Peng, into his Thousand Beast Domain, and temporarily house it inside the Dungeon of Atlantis.

With such a juicy Pseudo-God waiting to be cooked, William would be stupid not to fry it in hot oil later.

Felix was able to block the relentless attacks that were aimed in his direction, while steadily retreating towards the red portal in the distance.

Seeing that the Heir of Darkness was in full retreat, the Bull Demon King called out to Princess Iron Fan and asked her to retreat as well.

'Optimus, did you finish your task?' William inquired.

< Yes. I have locked in on their coordinates. They cannot escape now. >

As soon as Felix, The Bull Demon King, as well as Princess Iron Fan entered the red portal, it began to shrink at a rapid pace. However, before it disappeared completely, a spear managed to fly through it, entering it successfully.

—--

'Dammit!' Felix cursed internally as soon as he reappeared in the capital city of the Elun Empire. 'Where did he get such powerful subordinates?!'

Before Felix could even properly assess the situation that had just transpired, a commotion was suddenly raised behind him.

"So, this is the Elun Empire. What a nice place."

A familiar voice sounded from behind him, which made the green-haired demon turn around in shock.

"Kill him!" Felix shouted. "He is alone! Kill him now!"

The Bull Demon King and Princess Iron Fan, who also realized this fact, immediately flew towards the sky with the intention of capturing the black-haired teenager who was sneering down on the two of them.

"Alone?" William sneered. "I AM NEVER ALONE!"

Immediately hundreds of portals appeared in the land and sky, making Felix's face turn pale.

Before the Bull Demon King and Princess Iron Fan could even approached William, several magical bombardments descended on them, pushing the two of them back.

Astrape, Bronte, Titania, the Nymphs, and Triton all lined up beside William, while William's King's Legion, the Dungeon Monsters, as well as the Drows from the Elven Lands, arrived in the Elun Empire, mounted on the monsters that belonged under the Dark Prince's command.

Albert, William's Fifth Master, and his Father's best friend, looked at the scene around him with nostalgia.

"This sure brings back memories," Albert muttered. "Like father, like son."

Millions of Dungeon Monsters poured out of the portals, and thrashed all those who dared to block their way.

Winged Antz, Wyverns, Nagas, Giant Spiders, Goblins, Orcs, Hydras, Undeads, and all kinds of beasts that hadn't appeared in great numbers for several years, emerged as if they were unending.

The sky turned dark because the sheer numbers of flying monsters blocked out the light of the sun, and temporarily cast an eerie shadow of death upon the capital city of the Elun Empire.

Felix, who was fully confident that he could easily conquer the Silvermoon Continent just as he had done to the Elun Empire, couldn't believe what he was seeing.

Since he hadn't heard any news about William for the past few months, he thought that the Half-Elf had gone into hiding to prevent himself from getting captured or killed by him.

Never in his wildest dreams did he think that the latter had been quietly amassing a powerful army in order to deal with him.

"Kill!" William ordered as he pointed at Felix's army that were now retreating at a rapid pace.

""Kill!""

The Bull Demon King gritted his teeth and roared towards the heavens. Immediately, several dark portals appeared and Shadow Monsters emerged from them.

This was the Trump Card that they had prepared to fight against the combined forces of the Alliance and the Holy Order of Light, but they were forced to use it at this point in time due to how serious William's offensive was.

A chaotic battle ensued as Demons, corrupted Humans, Shadow Monsters, Drows, and other Monsters fought tooth and nail for supremacy.

"William, your head is mine! Do you dare to fight me?!" Felix roared in challenge.Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

"Come," William replied as he took out a golden staff in his hand. "I'll give you the beating you deserve."

Immediately, a golden light descended upon William as he activated his Heroic Avatar, allowing him to jump to the peak of the Demigod Rank.

Felix was in the initial stages of the Pseudo-God Rank, making him more powerful than the Half-Elf, but William had no plans to back down.

The moment the Heir of Darkness and the Prince of Darkness clashed at the center of the battlefield, the sky turned completely dark.

This was a battle between Darknesses, and light played no role in it.

As the Gods in Heaven, and Hestia, watched the battle unfold, the capital of the Elun Empire was dyed in blood, due to the countless deaths that were happening around them.

Standing from within the Temple of the Elun Empire, Eve watched as her cousin fought ferociously against the green-haired Demon who had done many atrocious things.

Standing beside her was an old man wearing plain robes.

The old man was none other than David, who had descended in order to protect Eve from harm. Although Ahriman and him had an agreement, he decided to stay by her side in order to prevent the Primordial God from doing anything funny to his High-Priestess.

"You don't have to watch if you don't want to," David said. "This is not a place for children like you."

Eve shook her head as she focused her attention on the battle that was happening in the distance.

"Big Brother is fighting with everything he has," Eve replied. "I want to see how this battle will end."

Before David could even give his reply, a soft chuckle sounded from behind him, which made the Six-Eared Macaque stand beside Eve in order to protect her from the stranger who had suddenly appeared out of nowhere.

"Spoken like a true Ainsworth. I'd expect nothing less from my granddaughter."

An old man, with a confident smile on his face, said with pride and satisfaction. He had traveled as fast as he could to reach the Elun Empire as soon as he heard the news from William. Although the distance was quite far, it was nothing to the eight-legged-horse that could travel to the Nine Realms without even breaking a sweat.

The moment Eve saw the old man's face, the little girl teared up before running in his direction.

Now that her cousin, her grandfather, as well as her Patron God, had arrived in the Elun Empire, she had a feeling that all the pain and suffering that the people of the Central Continent had experienced under Felix's rule…

would finally come to an end.