Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1245 It Will Be A Great Loss For Our Empire If We Don't Give Birth To His Children

James, who had received William's report, immediately headed towards the Elun Empire riding the eight-legged-horse, Sleipnir, and arrived just in time to witness the chaotic battle that was being waged on the land and in the sky.

Now that he and David had arrived to protect the precious little-red-headed girl, who was a treasure to both of them, her safety was guaranteed.

"Grandpa!" Eve shouted as she ran towards the old man, who she hadn't seen for a long time.

The old coot hurriedly wrapped his arms around his granddaughter and kissed her cheek.

"Um, did you gain a little weight?" James asked with a smirk. "It seems that they took really good care of you."

The old man looked his granddaughter up and down. It was fairly easy to see that Eve wasn't hurt in the slightest, which put his mind at ease.

"Grandpa, aren't you going to help Big Brother?" Eve asked as she anxiously glanced at the center of the battlefield where William was fighting head-to-head with the Heir of Darkness whose face had already contorted to that of hatred.

"Will can handle this one," James commented after eyeing the battle. "Also, if I interfere, he might get angry with me. He has a lot of pent up anger inside his heart, and the only way to vent it out is to pound that scummy-green-haired Demon's face into oblivion."

"But, Grandpa, Felix has already stepped into the Pseudo-God stage, and Big Brother is only at the Peak Demigod stage. He might lose against him."

"It's fine. Will has been fighting against Demigods and Pseudo-Gods for a very long time. A newly ascended Pseudo-God, who didn't get his rank through constant battles, is just an oversized balloon. It might look big, but the inside is hollow and has no mass."

Eve understood what her Grandfather was telling her, but she still couldn't help but worry. Her beautiful blue eyes stared at the black-haired teenager, whose face was as calm as a still lake. But, she knew, with every fiber of her being that deep inside that calmness, a raging storm was brewing.

—--

"I gathered all of you here today because of the latest development that is happening in the capital city of the Elun Empire," the Pope stated. "Everyone, take a look at this projection."

The Kings and Emperors of the Central Continent were communicating through a special artifact given to them by the Holy Order of Light, allowing them to participate in long-distance conferences in order to discuss the next stage of the war.

Everyone's gaze locked on the capital city of the Elun Empire, whose sky had turned completely dark. Flashes of light, Monsters, Demons, and Shadow Creatures, could be seen in the distance and all of them were fighting each other.

The members of the Heavenly Virtues were also watching the battle through the projection.

Lira, Ephemera, as well as Melody, who had just arrived at the Palace of Light, looked at the battle with calm expressions, but deep inside they were feeling anxious.

All three of them knew that only one faction would be able to fight against Felix on his home turf, and that was none other than the Half-Elf whom they had surrendered their bodies to.

After watching for a while, Emperor Leonidas of the Kraetor Empire spoke up.

"I am guessing that the one attacking the capital is none other than the Prince of Darkness," Leonidas said. "Then, there is only one question that I need to ask the Pope. What do you propose we should do?"

Emperor Leonidas already knew that the one who called the shots on the advance of the Alliance was the Holy Order, who had control over four Pseudo-Gods.

"As expected of Emperor Leonidas, you know how not to waste time," the Pope replied. "Since it is very obvious for everyone to see, we have two choices in this war. The first one is to attack now, and use this opportunity to eliminate the Heir of Darkness and end his reign of terror once and for all."

The Amazon Empress, Empress Andraste, as well as Lilith's mother glanced in the direction of the Pope and arched an eyebrow.

"And the second option is?" Empress Andraste asked. "Don't tell me that we are going to wait until both of them exhausts their forces before we go in to deal with both of them at the same time?"

The Pope smiled and nodded her head. "I'm sure all of you know that the Heir of Darkness as well as the Prince of Darkness are the two threats that plagued our world. I propose that we first watch, and see how this battle will transpire.

"There is also the issue with Ahriman's Avatar. If we join the battle and it appears, our forces will only suffer massive casualties. We don't want that to happen, right? It will not be too late to deal with the aftermath once the two of them have exhausted their trump cards. When that happens, we can end this war, once and for all."

The Kings and Emperors liked this proposal, so they all unanimously voted to wait until the battle had reached a critical point before they launched their attacks.

Emperor Leonidas and Empress Andraste remained silent, and simply watched on the side while the other discussed their strategy.

The two of them had a connection with William, so they were also forming several strategies in their heads for how to best help the Prince of Darkness escape the net that was about to be cast over his head.

—--𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"Mother, will you really do as the alliance says?" Lilith asked with an anxious expression on her face.

"The Dark Prince is a fine young man," Empress Andraste replied with a mischievous smile on her face. "It will be a great loss for our empire if we don't give birth to his children. Don't worry, Lilith. I'll make sure that your handsome Prince will be safe, and comfortable inside our Empire. Your sisters are still looking for a partner, so having him become our family's stud horse is a good option."

Lilith's face reddened because she knew that her mother was lying. She had already told her many times that she didn't plan on sharing William with her Amazonian sisters, and wanted to monopolize him for herself.

"Still, this will be a little tricky," Empress Andraste admitted. "Although I don't like the Pope that much, we share the same opinion in this war. Only after Ahriman's Avatar has appeared and has exhausted his strength, that is the only time we can order our forces to advance.

"Lilith, I will assign you as the commander of this expedition. Your goal is to capture your Prince, and bring him back to our Empire. As long as you manage to sneak him here, even the Holy Order of Light has to think twice about trying to pry him away from our bosoms."

Lilith nodded. "Understood. Mother."

The Amazon Princess knew that William had many ways to escape the capture of the Alliance as well as the Holy Order of Light. What she was afraid of was that Ahriman's Avatar would appear and hurt her beloved.

She just hoped that the black-haired teenager had already taken this matter into consideration, and prepared a plan to deal with Ahriman, who was certain to make his appearance, at the right moment in time.