Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1246 When Darkness Descends [Part 1]

Baba Yaga smashed her pestel into El Sibon's face, sending the Demigod flying several meters away.

Oliver, who had taken his Chimera form, clawed Mapinguari's face, as he fought with all the rage he had bottled up since the battle in Ahriman's Domain.

The Parrot Monkey thrashed his opponent, sending it smashing down on the Demon Army, turning them into meat paste.

The Powerhouses of each group fought each other, and William's side had the clear advantage in this battle where the balance of power tilted in his favor.

The Bull Demon King, and Princess Iron Fan were forced to go on the defensive as they endured the combination attacks of Astrape, Bronte, Titania, the Nymphs, as well as Triton.

B1, and B2, alongside the Rainbow Birds were like carpet bombers who were dropping exploding potions, as well as acid bombs to the Demon Army who were on the ground. They would also launch magic missiles, using the lollipops given to them by William in order to thin out Felix's army as much as possible.

The Demon Clans that had sworn loyalty to William, rode on the Flying Antz and joined the battle. They had seen how much their Lord had suffered during the battle with Ahriman, and this time, they no longer decided to just sit back and watch.

All of their warriors participated in the battle, fighting against the Demon Tribes, who once oppressed them in the past.

Vesta, Kira, and Athrun, fought on the ground, alongside William's Herd, that were composed of the goats that had taken demi-human forms. Chronos and Aslan led the charge and annihilated all the enemies that blocked their path.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Medusa, rode on a two-meter tall golden pig, while waving a mace in her hand. She, alongside Gullinbursti, and Sharur were out for blood, and despite William's intention to not let them join the battle, the Little Gorgon managed to convince the black-haired teenager to allow them to fight.

William agreed to their request and ordered Ragnar, Fenrir, and the Blood Eagle, Scadrez, to watch over the Little Gorgon who was out for blood.

(A/N: Ragnar was Ashe's Beast Companion who transforms into a Cerberus during battle. Fenrir is the Trollhound that had served William during the war in the Southern Continent.)

Chloee, Charmaine, and the rest of the Valkyries were fighting in the air. They didn't fight far from William and were poised to help him at any moment if something unexpected happened.

Princess Aila, Shannon, Haleth, and Anh, watched the battle in the Villa. Princess Aila wasn't suited for battle, and William didn't want her to get hurt.

Haleth, on the other hand, was a warrior mage, but William didn't allow her to join the battle because he was afraid that the latter would be overwhelmed by the opponents because she was only at the Mithril Rank, which was weaker than a Centennial Beast.

As for Shannon, her divinity was simply too powerful and it might cause friendly fire if she were to unleash it.

Because of this, they just observed the battle from the safety of the Thousand Beast Domain, alongside the non-combatants that had stayed behind.

Sepheron was busy attacking the Shadow Monsters who were trying to help Felix in his battle against William.

The Black Phoenix's Dark Flames, incinerated all opposition, allowing its Master to fight without worry.

"Hell Fire!" Felix roared as he unleashed a cone of purplish flames, which was an ability that he had gained from absorbing the powers of one of the Princesses that he had bedded.

William dodged the attack, and was forced to dodge again and again after Felix unleashed a barrage of high-level spells that he had also obtained from the women that had fallen into his hands.

"What do you think?" Felix asked as he gazed at the Half-Elf who had distanced himself from him. "This is the difference in our power. I have absorbed the abilities of many women, and with this, I will send you to your grave."

"Is that so?" William asked back. "If that is the only thing you can do then I guess it's time for me to end this."

William's Status Page lit up, and two names that were under his Familia Members glowed golden as he activated the powers that they had bestowed upon him.

"Lira Vi Vevila"

"Ephemera Fortuna"

At the same time William had activated the power of her two Familia Members, the two young ladies, who were inside the Palace of Light, felt their connection to William strengthen.

A moment later, the black-haired teenager felt the power of the two Virtuous Lady's Divinities flowing inside his body, allowing him to use their powers to a certain extent.

"Exceed Break," William declared.

—---

<< Exceed Break >

– Allows you to increase your normal speed by up to 500%

– Allows you to decrease your enemy's speed by up to 500%

—----

Ephemera's Divinity increased William's attack and defense, depending on the conviction of his heart, and what he perceived as justice. As long as he believed that his cause was for the sake of Justice, his attack and defense would increase drastically.

In just the blink of an eye, William reappeared in front of Felix and smashed Ruyi Jingu Bang against the green-haired Demon's face, sending him crashing towards the ground.

Because William had increased his speed, and lowered Felix's speed, the latter was finding it hard to dodge, or block the black-haired teenager's attack, resulting in a one-sided beating.

"Enough!" Felix shouted and the Crimson Crown on his head created a Dome of Darkness that blocked William's blow.

However, the forces of his stroke sent the Dome of Darkness flying like a baseball ball getting hit by a baseball bat.

William was about to follow up his attack, but a giant, black lightning-bolt flew in his direction. It was so fast that William didn't have the means to evade it, so he used Ruyi Jingu Bang to block it.

The attack held powerful Divinity so William crashed to the ground and skidded for several meters before the black lightning bolt dispersed.

"So, you have come," William said in a voice that reeked of killing intent. "Show yourself, Ahriman!"

Dark clouds formed in the sky creating a ten-meter tall avatar of darkness whose eyes glowed bloody red.

Now that the one responsible for his wives' deaths had arrived, William knew that the real battle was just about to start.