Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1247 When Darkness Descends [Part 2]

"So, you've finally gone out of hiding, boy," Ahriman's voice, filled with ridicule and contempt, spread across the battlefield. "I was starting to think that you were afraid of facing me after what happened in my Domain."

"Afraid?" William asked back with a sneer. "Why should I be afraid of a God that is on his last leg? Don't get the wrong idea, Ahriman. If there is someone who should be feeling afraid, it should be you, and not me."

"Quite insolent, I see. You still haven't learned anything after I killed your wives," Ahriman stated. "No matter. After this day is over, the so-called Prince of Darkness will cease to exist."

Without another word, several black chains erupted from the ground and wrapped themselves ariund William's body, preventing him from moving an inch.

""Master!""

Astrape and Bronte shouted and immediately flew down to save William, but several black chains materialized in the air and held them down. Titania, the Nymphs, and Triton, were also immobilized by the dark chains, and only Sepheron remained free, burning the chains that bound him with a ferocity that not even Ahriman expected.

The Bull Demon King and Princess Iron Fan were so seriously injured that they couldn't take advantage of their enemy's immobilized state to launch a counterattack. They just knelt on the ground, as they panted for breath, feeling relieved that Ahriman had made his appearance.

"Now, it's time for you to die," Ahriman said as he summoned a giant dark spear. "Worry not, I will take your Divinity, and the Divinities that you have acquired and put them to good use. You can die knowing that you have served your purpose and allowed me to break free from the seals that bind me. Goodbye, Prince of Darkness!"

Ahriman hurled the spear towards William who couldn't break through the chains that bound him. These chains had been reinforced with the Divinity of a Primordial God, and even with the strength he currently had, he was unable to break through them using sheer force.

Just when the dark spear was about to reach its target, a chubby man materialized in front of William and threw a punch towards it.

The spear shattered into thousands of pieces after colliding with the chubby man's punch, making Ahriman's brow furrow.

"Not in my watch, Ahriman," a dignified voice said with determination. "You have gone too far for long enough. It's time for you to understand that there are things that you can, and cannot do even if you are a God."

Ahriman looked at the newcomer with a calm expression on his face.

"Who are you?" Ahriman asked. "I can somewhat tell that you are a God, but you're not someone I know. Also, for a God, the Divinity that flows inside your body is very frail. I guess you are a God with just a few believers, making you so pathetically weak."

"I go by the name Gavin," Gavin answered. "I am the God of All Trades and I am this boy's Patron God. I've descended into this world to do one thing and one thing only, and that is to beat the crap out of a loser God like you."

"I see," Ahriman chuckled. "A weak mortal who serves a weak God. Truly a match made in heaven."

Gavin shrugged before snapping his fingers together. Immediately, the chains that bound William, and his subordinates broke apart as if they were made of rice crackers.

"A weak God like me is more than enough to beat a pathetic God like you," Gavin declared. "Now, come. Let's see who among us will have the last laugh."

Gavin's appearance immediately changed. He was no longer the chubby man wearing elegant clothes. He now had sharp features, and stood straight like a sword. This was his battle form, and there had been very few instances when he had shown this appearance to anyone.

"Gavin," Albert muttered. The Half-Elf felt complicated after seeing his Patron God descend in the world to help them fight against Ahriman. He was once Gavin's only believer, and with William arriving in the world, Gavin now had two.

With only the two of them serving as the God of All Trades' Pillars, the power that Gavin could unleash was weaker than any of the Gods in existence. Even so, he still descended to offer his help to his only two Disciples, against a God that had existed since the Primordial Ages.

"Albert, I'll leave the cleaning up to you," Gavin said without looking at the Half-Elf. "As William's senior brother, you have to work twice as much as him. Don't hold back, I am here."

"Yes," Albert replied. "I will show them the might of the Jack of All Trades."𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"Good. Now, let's do this."

"Understood."

Gavin made several hand signs and created over a dozen clones around him.

The clones raised their hands and power started gathering in them.

One clone absorbed the Element of Fire, the others absorbed the power of Water, Earth, and Wind.

The other clones also absorbed the power of the other elements namely, Light, Shadow, Darkness, Lightning, Metal, as well as the other elemental powers in the world.

A moment later, the clones fused together, making Gavin's body glow radiantly amidst the darkness.

The God of All Trades took a single step and reappeared in front of Ahriman, smashing his fist on the latter's chest sending him flying.

Ahriman was totally caught off guard because he didn't expect that the weak God would actually be able to hurt his Avatar, who had taken an elemental form.

A moment later, the two exchanged several blows, decimating the topography around them. The battle was more intense than what happened when Pseudo-Gods fought against each other. Gavin made sure to only attack in a location that was away from where everyone was fighting to prevent others from getting caught in his battle against the Primordial God of Darkness and Chaos, who was currently roaring in anger due to the weak God who dared to challenge him.

"Clean the trash," William ordered his Pseudo-Gods, so they would get back to dealing with the Bull Demon King and Princess Iron Fan, "but don't kill them. Especially that Princess Iron Fan. I'll make sure to torture her later for killing my dear friends."

William's words were filled with killing intent as he glanced at the beautiful demon who was responsible for ending Kasogonaga's, Jareth's, Erchitu's, and Psoglav's lives.

"""Yes!"""

The Pseudo-Gods under William's command immediately went to attack the Bull Demon King and Princess Iron Fan until their blood stained their clothes, making them look like bloody beggars who were on their last legs.

William then shifted his attention to the Heir of Darkness whose expression had become extremely pale after seeing that Ahriman's appearance didn't tilt the balance in his favor.

Felix had assumed that the moment Ahriman made his appearance, William would be helpless against his might, and would be completely at his mercy. Unfortunately, this was far from the reality that he was facing right now.

The green-haired demon knew that he could no longer run away from his opponent, and must face him with everything he had, or lose everything that he had built till now.

"Now, it's just you and me," William said as he took a step, making the ground under his feet crumble. He continued to walk, causing the ground to shatter with every step he took. "You managed to acquire many skills and abilities, right?

"It will be best if you use them to the best of your abilities because… I will make sure that you will regret the day that you were born. I still haven't forgotten how you bullied Chiffon when she was still young. After I'm done with you, I'll deal with your father next. I will not rest until I give both of you the punishment that both of you rightfully deserve."

Felix, who was looking at the approaching William, felt his heart being squeezed inside his chest. He couldn't understand why he was feeling afraid of someone that was only in the Demigod Rank.

He was now a Pseudo-God, and yet, whenever he clashed with William, the Half-Elf's blows were sharper, heavier, and whenever they slipped past his defenses, the damage he received was so painful it made his entire body ache.

Even so, without his God's backing and his Pseudo-Gods and army being completely overwhelmed by William's forces, he had no choice but to grit his teeth and face the black-haired teenager whose eyes glowed gold due to the anger he had been bottling inside his dark, and tainted, heart.