Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1248 A Storm Hidden From Within

"Ahriman's Avatar has appeared," the Pope said calmly. "Now, we will see how this battle will end."

The Pope looked at the projection in front of her, not knowing that behind her, five ladies were looking anxiously at the Half-Elf who had been wrapped up with dark chains, preventing any form of movement.

Lira, Ephemera, Melody, Shana, and Celeste.

These five Virtuous Lady could feel their hearts beating wildly inside their chest, as they looked at the Dark Prince, who had played a significant role in their lives.

"Serves you right!" Cherry shouted. "Now, kill each other!"

The little girl's shout made her the target of the five ladies' glare, which made her flinch and take a step back.

"W-What's wrong?" Cherry asked in fear because the glares that were being directed at her made her feel as if she was about to be beaten up to oblivion. "I-I just hope that they kill each other, so that we can clean them up later."

The five ladies knew that if they hadn't met William, and interacted with him, they would also be of the same opinion as Cherry. Unfortunately, they had met and, with the exception of Celeste, embraced the black-haired teenager, who made them feel an otherworldly sense of pleasure that they could no longer forget.

It was Lira who averted her gaze first from the trembling little girl who was about to cry. She understood that Cherry was not to blame for her words. It was her who reacted strongly to anyone who wished ill of her beloved.

Melody was the second one to avert her gaze, making Cherry feel as if she was given a pardon from being executed in the guillotine.

Just like Lira, the Virtuous Lady of Faith had fallen for the Half-Elf and treated him as her Dark Prince. She would not allow anyone to hurt, or blaspheme the person she loved, even if she had to use the Celestial Raiment in order to punish them.

In truth, Melody was about to do just that. After seeing that William was standing on the cliff of death, she planned to go to the battlefield and allow her Goddess to descend, and use her body as an avatar.

However, before she could do that, the battle had already progressed to a certain degree, making everyone who was observing it from afar gasp in shock.

"A God has descended?" The Pope's eyes widened in shock as she saw the chubby man shattered the dark spear that was about to end William's life.

In truth, the Pope wanted William to die first so the bindings of the contract would cease to exist.

The Pope, and the other high-ranking officials of the Holy Order of Light, felt so constricted due to the non-aggression pact that they had with William. Because of this, they were forced to focus their attention to the Heir of Darkness, and listen to the Half-Elf's demands when they asked for permission to check Melody's and Shana's conditions.F

They were the mighty Holy Order of Light. An existence that even the Kings and Empires of the Central Continent had to treat politely, or else they would face a crusade whose military strength was unfathomable.

While the Pope was pondering what to do next, a round mirror hovered beside her. Immediately, the troubled face of the Headmaster of Hestia Academy, Byron, appeared.

"Emperor Leonidas' and Empress Andraste's armies have started to move," Byron reported. "Although I am not sure what their goals are, I have a feeling that they have mobilized their armies in order to assist William in his battle against the Heir of Darkness."

The Pope frowned after hearing this report. She already knew that William had ties to the two kingdoms because of Princess Sidonie and the Amazon Princess, Lilith. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"Let them do as they please," the Pope replied after a minute. "The Holy Order of Light will only move once Ahriman's Avatar has been dealt with."

"I understand," Byron commented. "The other members of the Alliance are also asking for your presence in the virtual conference room. It will be best to hear them out, or else they might also send their forces to join the war.

"As you may already know, they don't care who wins in the end. The Elun Empire's Emperor is dead, and his successors eliminated. I don't know if the Princesses are still alive, but the possibility exists. If they are able to retrieve them then they could use that as an opportunity to easily integrate an Empire under the pretense of having the Princess marry their sons once the war ends."

The Pope laughed scornfully after hearing Byron's words. As long as she was around, the Elun Empire, Zabia Kingdom, Slovell Kingdom, as well as the other lands that had once been under Felix's control would only belong to their organization.

With the Pseudo-Gods at her beck and call, all she needed to do was use intimidation and the other Kings and Emperors would no longer desire to acquire these lands, in fear that their own territories would be taken away from them.

"Very well, I will talk to these people and see what they want to say," the Pope replied.

She understood that she needed to at least play impartial on the surface, so that the other rulers wouldn't think that she had ulterior motives. Of course, the wiser monarchs—like Emperor Leonidas and Empress Andraste—had long seen through her facade and were only playing lip service to her.

These were the two Empires that had the strength to resist the Holy Order's advances because of the Gods whom they served. Even the Pope knew who she should and shouldn't touch, and the Kraetor and Ares Empires were among the places she didn't dare extend her greedy hands into, for fear of biting off more than she could chew.

The Pope left the room, leaving the Heavenly Virtues to observe the battlefield. She was unaware that under the surface of their calm and beautiful faces, a raging storm was taking place.

A storm that would one make the foundation of the organization she was so proud of crumble from within.