Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1249 l Am The God Of All Trades

The sound of fighting had resumed in the surroundings, but it was mostly William's forces giving Felix's army a one-sided beating.

Far from the main battlefield, Ahriman's Avatar was finding it hard to launch a counter attack at the "Weak God'' whom he had ridiculed earlier. No matter what he did, Gavin was a step faster than him, and was able to neutralize his attacks as if he had already seen it before.

The Avatar roared and countless black chains emerged from the sky, from his body, and from the ground. He was planning to immobilize Gavin before dealing him a lethal blow that would end the battle they were having.

Gavin sneered as he brandished his hand as if he was wielding a sword. A moment later, a sword made of Divine Power appeared, and he used it to slice up all the black chains as if they were made of tofu.

Ahriman then shot dark orbs of energy in his direction, and Gavin's response was to shoot fireballs at them, nullifying them completely.

The God of All Trades then slammed his fists together making them glow in radiant light.

"Instant Transmission," Gavin said before disappearing from where he stood and reappearing right in front of Ahriman's face.

Without missing a heartbeat, Gavin's fists pummeled the Avatar's face over and over again, not even giving it a chance to scream.

"Grand Cross!" Gavin's final punch was infused with holy power that left a searing cross mark on the Avatar's face, making it explode.

The God of All Trades hovered in the sky as his warrior's robes fluttered in the wind.

"Come out," Gavin stated. "Or is the Primordial God of Darkness and Chaos' specialty playing dead? Well, I don't particularly mind if you do that, but I will tell you now, it's useless."

Gavin pulled back his arm as if he was drawing a bow and set his sights on a mountain in the distance. Just as his sword had materialized earlier, a bow formed in his hands and a silver arrow glowed faintly at its center.

"Seethe in Pain," Gavin said in a voice that reeked of killing intent. "Arrow of the Empty Void!"

The moment he released the string of his bow, a deafening silence erupted around him. No sounds of fighting, no screams of pain, no cries of wailing could be heard within miles.

Only utter and complete silence, that lasted for several seconds, ruled the world. It wasn't until the arrow hit its target, making the God of Darkness and Chaos scream in pain because it was an amount of pain he had never felt before.

"Damn you!"

From on top of the mountain, Ahriman's hateful shout was heard. Embedded on his chest was the silver arrow that Gavin had shot to bring him out of hiding. Never did he expect that a God would descend from the Temple of the Gods to deal with his Avatar, that was formed from his own flesh and blood, causing him great pain and suffering.

"I'll make you pay for this!" Ahriman roared furiously. "You forced me!"

A few seconds later, the space behind the Avatar started to distort. A powerful aura filled with Primordial Divine Power made even the space around it crack as if it were made of grass.

Gavin looked fearlessly at the crack in space that was slowly getting bigger and bigger. He knew that once that passageway had fully formed, the God of Primordial Darkness and Chaos would make his appearance.

William's Patron God opened the palm of his hand and a spinning ball of energy started to form. Fire, Earth, Water, Air, as well as all the other elements of the world gathered inside it.

The space around him flickered as if the world was being reduced to its most basic element, allowing Gavin to absorb the powers that he needed in order to fight the Primordial God, whose powers had made all the other Gods work together in order to seal him and lock him away in his own temple before burying it deep underground.

A moment later, a giant hand reached out from within the crack and attempted to make the passage bigger. The space where his hand touched cracked and fell apart, leaving enough space to let his other hand help widen the passage.

Half a minute later, Ahriman's body, which was still bound up with chains, could be seen from the other side of the passageway. His hate-filled expression locked on Gavin's small body, as if he was planning to rip him to shreds.

However before he could even emerge from the other side of the passageway. A small ball of energy, only the size of a baseball ball, passed through the crack and hit his forehead.

"Ultimate World End Tempest."

A second later, a powerful explosion erupted within Ahriman's Domain. It was as strong as a nuclear explosion, making the Primordial God of Darkness hatefully call out Gavin's name from within his Domain.

"Sorry, not sorry." Gavin sneered. "Do you think I'll just stand by here and watch you come out of your Domain unchallenged? You must be out of your mind."

Gavin's ridicule-filled remark grated Ahriman's ears as he forcefully tugged on the chains on his body in order to free himself from them.

One chain broke, followed by another. Soon, more and more chains broke apart.

In truth, after making Eve his Priestess, Ahriman had once again gained the power of Faith through her. Gods grew more powerful as the number of their believers increased.

Eve was truly blessed by the power of a Heavenly Divinity and, with her as his High-Priestess, Ahriman had gained considerable power from the Demon tribes who had once again started to worship his name.

He also fed on the negative energy of the people. Even if they didn't worship him, as long as they thought of him in fear, and anxiety, he was able to gain the power of their Faith as well.

Simply put, Ahriman had gained enough strength to break through the chains that bound him. The only reason why he didn't do it was due to something more important.

However, Gavin's appearance had infuriated him, so he had thrown caution into the wind and decided to break free from the chains that bound him in order to show the Puny God, just what kind of existence he was dealing with.

"Ultimate World End Tempest."

Another energy ball smashed into his forehead, pushing him away from the passage he had created, and back into his Domain.

"Ultimate World End Tempest."

After firing two consecutive energy balls that were as powerful as a nuclear explosion. The Primordial God of Chaos and Darkness was beyond infuriated.

The final chain that bound his body shattered into pieces, allowing his Divinity to burst towards the passageway that was starting to shrink due to the laws of time and space.

Ahriman's body, which had sustained injuries due to Gavin's attack, wasn't regenerating. This was the price he had to pay for breaking out of his shackles, and due to the fact that Gavin's attack contained traces of his own Divinity, preventing him from recovering his injuries.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

When Gods fight, the powers they unleashed were different from mortals. They contained strands of pure Divine Power, giving their attacks the ability to seriously injure, and kill, other Gods. If Gavin's believers were as many as Ahriman's, he might have already blown holes in the Primordial God's forehead, potentially killing him in the process.

Now that Ahriman had reformed his body in the Central Continent, he towered above the God of All Trades who was like a little fly hovering around an adult's body.

"Are you ready to die?" Ahriman's voice that held the finality of death spread in the surroundings, making those who heard it tremble in fear, with the exception of the God of All Trades whose fearless gaze remained fixed on his opponent's face.

"Do your worst," Gavin replied. "I am the God of All Trades, and I'm not afraid of you."

Suddenly, hundreds of energy balls materialized around Ahriman's gigantic body, encircling him in a deadly dance of Divine Power.

"World Ending Tempest!"

An explosion, that was equivalent to hundreds of atomic bombs exploding together, swept across the surroundings, destroying everything and anything in its path. Even though Ahriman's body was the body of a Primordial God, he still wasn't able to shrug off hundreds of attacks that contained Gavin's Divinity and were strong enough to cause him to writhe in pain.