Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1250 The Pacifist Who Fought ForVengeance

Gavin never put his guard down, but Ahriman's counterattack came swiftly. It was strong and filled with enough hate that it made him feel like he was dying.

Before even the dust cloud cleared away, a gigantic fist emerged from within it, hitting Gavin's small body, and sent him flying.

He crashed in the desert and tumbled for several hundred meters before coming to a complete stop.

"Damn that hurt," Gavin muttered as he tried to prop himself up from the shifting sands, which were as hot as coals. "I'm starting to regret coming here."

Although he said that he was starting to regret coming to the World of Hestia, that was just him complaining about the pain. He would not allow one of his only two believers to be bullied by a God, no matter how powerful they were.

Gavin scanned his surroundings and noticed that he and Ahriman were no longer in the Elun Empire where William was fighting against Felix.

For some reason, the two were transported to the uninhabited Fortaare Dessert, where William had stayed for a few days while on the Demon Continent.

Gavin was quite thankful for this unexpected turn of events because he was afraid that William and his friends would get involved in the battle between him and Ahriman.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

The God of All Trades gave his dislocated left shoulder a good twist to put it back in place. He knew that if he was defeated here, there would be no stopping Ahriman from heading to the Elun Empire to personally deal with the black-haired teenager, who was fighting against the Heir of Darkness.

"You know, there is a saying," Gavin said as he gazed at the towering giant that had emerged from the dust cloud with blood running down from its body. "Since you chose a shitty Prince to become your Heir, you must be sh*t as well. It takes one to know one, is what they say."

"You talk too much," Ahriman scoffed as he unfurled the eight wings behind his back. "Are those your last words?"

"No." Gavin shook his head. "My last words are, look behind you."

Ahriman snorted and was about to attack Gavin when something hit the back of his head, forcing him to faceplant into the ground, which sent waves of sand flying in every direction.

"You can't say I didn't warn you." Gavin chuckled as he looked at the very, very, very, veeeeeeery fat woman whose high heels were stepping on the Primordial God's head.

It was none other than the God of Gluttony, Adephagia, who treated Chiffon like her own daughter.

"Gavin, why didn't you call me for the party?" Adephagia asked in a tone that was dripping with fake sadness. "I've been waiting for a chance to stomp on this guy, you know?"

The corner of Gavin's lips twitched because he saw how everything had transpired behind the scenes.

Adephagia descended from the heavens like a Pro-Wrestler doing a body slam. However, she changed form mid-air, allowing her oveeeeeeeeeeeeer-sized butt to smash into the back of Ahriman's head, making the latter faceplant on the ground due to the force of the Goddess of Gluttony's attack.

A moment later, the Fat Goddess was sent flying when Ahriman raised his head and forced the Fat Lady off it.

Adephagia chuckled as she stabilized her body mid-air. Unlke Gavin, who only had two followers, the God of Gluttony had many believers. She was someone who could take a beating, even if it was against the Primordial God, Ahriman.

"You, Adephagia? What are you doing here?" Ahriman asked as he turned around to look at the fat lady who was hovering in the sky and looking down on him.

"Naturally, I came here for only one thing, and one thing only," Adephagia said as she summoned a giant kitchen knife. "I came here to cut you up to pieces before I eat you! How dare you kill my daughter? I'm going to devour you!"

Ahriman narrowed his eyes. "Ah, so you were the Patron God of that pink-haired girl. You and I both know that I wasn't able to devour her soul, so you should mind your own business."

Adephagia smiled sweetly after hearing Ahriman's reply. "Hey, I didn't come here to hear your nonsense."

The giant kitchen knife in her hand turned blood red as the God of Gluttony's eyes turned bloodshot. "My daughter is such a sweet girl, and was living a happy life, and you… you dared to kill her even though Gods aren't allowed to kill mortals. I will not forgive you. Even if the only thing that moves on my body is my head, I will eat you piece by piece if I have to!"

Gavin, who was watching from afar, sighed as he looked at the Goddess of Gluttony who usually minded her own business in the Temple of the Ten Thousand Gods. Just like her name suggested, the only thing she did was eat, and couldn't be bothered to join the faction battles between Gods.

Because of this, she was given the nickname "Big Mama" because she was a pacifist Goddess who only cared about her daughters, who carried the Sin of Gluttony on their bodies.

However, that same Pacifist Goddess had now descended into the mortal realm in order to take revenge for Chiffon whom she treated as her daughter.

Gods couldn't descend upon the Mortal Realm just because they wanted to. They were bound by powerful restrictions, and if they forced themselves to do it, they would have to pay a hefty price for it.

They were different from Ahriman, who was sealed in the mortal realm.

Seeing Adephagia's vengeful look, he knew that the Goddess had forced herself to appear in Hestia because Ahriman's true body had left his domain.

All for the sake of vengeance.

Ahriman sneered as his body slowly shrank until it was only four meters tall. Now that a Goddess had descended, he would have to take this battle seriously, even though he had received significant injuries from Gavin's attacks earlier.

"Since you want to die that badly, then I will give you what you want," Ahriman said as he summoned a sword made up of darkness. "I will kill you, along with that puny God and take your pathetic Divinities for myself!"

Adephagia sneered. "Enough talk. Gavin, let's take down this sh*tty God together."

"Okay." Gavin nodded.

A moment later, a powerful shockwave erupted in the center of the Fortaare Desert.

Dark clouds covered the skies, blocking the sunlight as three Gods fought against each other, destroying the topography of the land.

This was very similar to the Era of the Gods that had happened thousands of years ago, when the Primordial God of Darkness and Chaos, tried to overthrow all the Gods that fought to protect the world from his evil clutches.