Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1251 Get In Line.l Got Here First

"Can you still stand, Gavin?" Adephagia asked as she propped herself up with the giant knife in her hands.

"Yeah," Gavin replied as he twisted his dislocated left leg to fix it in place. "Never felt better in my whole life."

Adephagia chuckled as she looked at Ahriman who was missing two of the eight wings on his back.

Dark blood seeped out from the Goddess lips as she spat a black feather from her mouth.

"Out of curiosity, what do his wings taste like?" Gavin asked as he stood up with blood staining his robes. His left shoulder had been torn apart, and only his dominant right hand remained, but he was still able to joke around as he endured the pain that wracked his body.

"It tastes disgusting," Adephagia replied. "Just like his soul."

Adephagia had also taken a good beating from Ahriman, but she was more of a tank than a fighter. Her goal was to grab, and bite any part of Ahriman that she could get her hands on, not caring if she got stabbed by the Sword of Darkness or not.

Her dress was also covered with blood, but the stab and slash wounds she received regenerated at a faster rate.

Although she looked fine on the outside, she was deeply hurt on the inside. The Divinities of Darkness and Chaos rampaged inside her body, making her feel as if she was being ripped to shreds, but the Fat Goddess endured it.

All for the sake of avenging her beloved daughter from the Primordial God that took her life.

"Bunch of insects," Ahriman roared as he fired several Dark Energy Balls at the two Gods, who either dodged or blocked his attacks.

He had learned a painful lesson when it came to fighting Adephagia at close range. Right now, he couldn't regenerate any part of his body that had been bitten by the Goddess of Gluttony because that was the power of her Divinity.

Two wings, a bite-sized portion of his arm and leg had been torn off from his body after the Fat Goddess managed to grab hold of him.

Gavin had sacrificed his left arm to allow Adephagia to bite Ahriman silly, and the trade off was worth it in his eyes.

"Die!" Ahriman shouted as he threw a giant ball of Dark Magic, filled with his Divinity, towards the two Gods who were barely resisting his attacks.

"Get behind me!" Adephagia roared as she opened her mouth and sucked up the Dark Energy Ball as if it was made of fruit juice.

Right after she finished eating the Dark Energy Ball that Ahriman had thrown at them, a sharp black sword, pierced through her chest, embedding itself up to the hilt.

Adephagia spat a mouthful of black blood from her mouth before she wrapped her arms around Ahriman and bit down on him.

However, before her teeth could even bite through his flesh, Ahriman had transformed into a black mist and backed away hurriedly, successfully injuring Adephagia with his attack.

"This is nothing," Adephagia stated as she calmly pulled out the black sword from her chest, which was still stained with her blood. A moment later, she bit down on it, eating it piece by piece as if it was a pretzel.

"Are you okay?" Gavin asked as he looked at the bloody hole on the Fat Goddess chest.

"I'm not okay," Adephagia replied while panting for breath. "I want to bite him so badly, but I'm too slow to do it."

The Fat Goddess pressed her right hand over her chest as she forced her body to regenerate the latest injury that she received from the Evil God in front of them.

"Want me to sacrifice my right arm so that you can bite his head off?"

"Fool. You should have whispered that to me instead of telling it right to his face. Now he knows what we're planning."

Gavin chuckled as he summoned a spear. "It doesn't change the fact that we are going to beat the crap out of him together."

"So true," Adephagia chuckled before coughing in pain, due to her injury. "Damn, as long as I can get my hands on him, I'll chomp and chew like there's no tomorrow."

Ahriman eyed the two Gods in front of him with a serious expression on his face. Since he had forcefully broken through his seals, his full power hadn't fully recovered yet. Right now, he was only a bit stronger than Adephagia.

This was why the Fat Goddess was able to do a good number on him despite the fact that he was a Primordial God, and should be stronger than her by a few ranks.

'I need to end this,' Ahriman thought as he raised his hand towards the sky.

"Nightfall!"Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

As if willing the world to submit to his command, the day turned to night, and darkness spread across the entirety of the Demon Realm. A moment later, several tendrils of Dark Energy descended from the sky and fused with Ahriman's body, forcefully regenerating the injuries he received from Gavin's and Adephagia's attacks.

His wounds healed, and his wings regenerated, making the expressions of the two Gods turn grim as they looked at the Primordial God who had now started to unleash his true powers to affect the world of Hestia.

"Since both of you came here, don't expect that you can leave alive," Ahriman declared. "I'll have both of your heads as my trophy for my revival!"

"Come and take it if you dare," Adephagia scoffed. "I'm not afraid of Pus…"

< The Censor Gods look at you with concern. They are advising you not to continue your words because this is a family friendly novel. >

"Shut your traps you f*cking Censor Gods!" Adephagia shouted towards the sky. "If you care so much then get down here. Otherwise, shut the F*ck up you bunch of P*ssies!"

< The Censor Gods gave you the middle finger. They are not pleased with your actions and will petition the Food Deities to sell their products to you with a 50% increase. >

The corner of Adephagia's lips twitched after seeing the reply of the blasted Censor Gods.

'I am in pain and might die here, you know? You bastards still dare to increase my expenses?'

Adephagia tossed the annoying messages to the back of her mind. Right now, she had no choice but to go all out as well and use the full power of her Divinity.

"Tonight, I Dine in Hell!" Adephagia roared as several giant knives, and forks materialized around her. Since her opponent was going all out, she had no choice but to do so as well, and activated her unique Divinity called "Gluttony's Feast Festival".

Gavin, on the other hand, couldn't activate his unique Divinity which was called Ten Thousand Heroes.

He didn't have enough followers to use this ability, so he only did what he could do and summoned several weapons that hovered around him.

Just as the three Gods were about to clash, several purple fireballs descended from the heavens and forced Ahriman to halt his advance.

"Who is it this time?" Ahriman snarled as he looked up at the sky to find an enchanting Succubus, who was giving him a seductive smile.

"Eros?" Adephagia's eyes widened in shock. "Why are you here?"

"The same reason why you are here, of course," Eros replied. "I had to finish settling things with my lawyer, so it took a while before I could come here."

Eros, the Goddess of Lust, had also descended into Hestia after seeing that her friend, Adephagia, was getting injured.

She had also wanted to avenge Princess Sidonie, but the restrictions on her were too severe, so he needed to ask Cadmus, the God of Contracts, to find a few loopholes, so that she could descend with most of her Divine powers.

Adephagia had descended without thinking about these things, so her power was cut more than half after she arrived in Hestia.

Right now, the Gluttony Goddess was only able to use 30% of her full powers because the World of Hestia would not allow her to devour all of creation if she got too desperate during the battle.

Eros, on the other hand, was different. Her powers were more on charming people, and awakening their primal instincts of lust. Because of this, she was able to descend with 60% of her powers intact, allowing her to deal significant damage to the Primordial God who had also killed her daughter without any shred of mercy.

'Fortunately, I already activated my special Domain,' Ahriman thought as he looked at the newcomer, who was only slightly weaker than him.

But, before he could feel relieved, he felt something dangerous approaching him from behind, so he immediately teleported away.

A second later, the place where he stood was cleaved in half.

"Oh, now this is a surprise," Eros said. "I didn't think that a stuck-up woman like you would descend as well."

Holding a Holy Sword in hand, the Goddess of Female Knights ignored Eros' teasing words as she pointed her sword to the Primordial God, whom she had personally fought thousands of years ago.

"I've come for your head, Ahriman," Astrid, who was Estel's, Isaac's, and Ashe's Patron Goddess declared. "Your evil reign ends here."

"Get in line," Adephagia said as she and Gavin surrounded Ahriman. "I got here first."

The corner of Astrid's lips curled up as she looked up at the beaten up Fat Goddess with an amused expression on her face.

"I'll chop off his arm for you," Astrid replied.

"Okay, I don't mind having some company." Adephagia chuckled. "You know what they say, the more the merrier."

Gavin, Adephagia, Eros, and Astrid, surrounded Ahriman in an encirclement. The four of them only had one thought in mind and that was to put an end to the Primordial God's goal of becoming the Supreme God in the world of Hestia.

The other Gods in the Temple of the Ten Thousand Gods weren't being idle either.

The God of Harem, Issei, and the Lolicon Goddess, Lily, were standing in front of the World Gate that led to the world of Hestia.

They, along with some other Gods—namely the Heavenly Virtues, The Deadly Sins, as well as the Apple Goddess Lulu—blocked the entrance of the World Gate to prevent the other Evil Gods from helping Ahriman.

Sun Wukong was standing as the Vanguard with his trusty golden cudgel at the ready. He didn't care if he was fighting against Gods. All he knew was that he would not allow any Evil God to interfere in the battle that was happening in the mortal realm.

In front of them, the Evil Gods, who wanted destruction and death, stood and were slowly increasing in numbers. For the Gods, this was a very common occurrence as the Light and Darkness factions would always settle their disputes in a brawl.

However, this time it was different. Even the Neutral Gods like Issei, Lily, and Lulu, had taken a stand. For the sake of the Half-Elf who had received their blessings, they would guard the World Gate, and ensure that Ahriman wouldn't get any reinforcement from the other Gods, who wished for the same thing as him.