Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1252 Ahriman's Council Of Demons [Part1]

The free-for-all brawl inside the Capital City of the Elun Kingdom was well under way. The Bull Demon King and Princess Iron Fan lay on the ground, riddled with serious injuries on their bodies.

Titania, Triton, and the Nymphs were keeping close watch on them, while Astrape, Bronte, and Sepheron unleashed hell upon the remaining members of the Demon Army who still hadn't surrendered.

Of course, there were Demons who had already thrown their weapons away and surrendered to William's forces. These Demons were gathered in one part of the city, due to the Half-Elf's order.

Since Eve was also present in the city, the black-haired teenager decided to be merciful and allow those who had surrendered to keep their heads on their bodies. He also did this for the sake of the Demons who had sworn their allegiance to him.

By showing compassion and mercy to their brethren, their confidence in him as their new leader would raise to a higher level.

Felix knew that it was only a matter of time before the entirety of his forces had been routed. However, there was nothing he could do about it.

William, who was doggedly fighting him despite the difference in ranks, was blocking all paths of escape. Clearly, the Half-Elf had no intention of letting Felix leave the Elun Empire alive.

The Six-Eared Macaque who was watching the battle in the sky sighed in his heart. Now that he had pledged to become Eve's Heroic Spirit, no one would be able to command him aside from her.

This also allowed him a certain level of protection because none of William's Pseudo-Gods came to find trouble for him, especially Astrape and Bronte whom he had dealt with in the past.VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

James sat on a chair, while Eve sat on his lap. The Old Coot was making sure that his granddaughter would not be involved in the battle, and was being over protective of her.

David, who was standing only a meter away from them, would glance to the North from time to time with a worried look on his face.

"You can go there, you know?" James said without looking at the God of Shepherd. "I can handle things from here."

"No," David replied. "I don't trust Ahriman that much to leave Eve unattended. Even if you're here to ensure her safety, Ahriman is someone that will resort to any means necessary, just so he can have his way."

James nodded. "True."

Eve knew that her grandfather and her Patron God had no intention of joining the fight because of her. Since that was the case, she decided to behave and not cause any trouble for the two of them.

"Grandpa, will Big Brother be fine?" Eve asked as she gazed up in the heavens where two black lightning bolts were colliding repeatedly.

"That's the tenth time you've asked that question, Eve," James chuckled. "Don't worry. Unless something unexpected happens, Will wouldn't lose to the likes of that Heir of Darkness."

"But, I feel anxious, Grandpa," Eve said softly. "I feel like something bad is going to happen."

James, as well as David, frowned after hearing Eve's words. After the little girl had become the High-Priestess of two Gods, the Divinity in her body had also awakened. In truth, Eve had the makings of an Oracle.

This was why David had decided to have Ariadne train the little girl because she had the same ability, after becoming the High-Priestess of the Herd.

"Do you see anything?" David asked. "Visions of the future?"

Eve shook her head. "No, Your Excellency. But, I can feel that something bad is going to happen. Something very bad."

James and David exchanged a glance at each other before shifting their gaze to the North where Ahriman was fighting with the other Gods.

The Old Bandit had taken off the eyepatch covering his left eye and his gaze crossed thousands of miles until he saw the battle being waged in the Fortaare Desert of the Demon Continent.

David frowned because, looking at Ahriman's sorry state, he couldn't think of a method that the Primordial God of Darkness and Chaos would use to be able to overcome the four Gods that were ganging up on him at the moment.

After a while, the two old men shifted their attention to William's and Felix's battle. The Demonic Army had mostly been defeated and the only active battle that was taking place above the capital city was the fight between the Heir of Darkness, and the Prince of Darkness.

"Just die already!" Felix roared as he unleashed a Hellfire Blast at point blank range in order to kill the pesky Half-Elf who was attacking him non-stop with the golden cudgel in his hands.

The black-haired teenager spun Ruyi Jingu Bang in his hands and blocked the Hellfire Blast that almost caught him by surprise. After dispersing the spell, he found that Felix had already retreated to a safe distance away from him.

The two had already fought for several minutes and both realized that Darkness based attacks had no effect on each other. This was why they resorted to other abilities, in order to fight each other.

Right now, William's Job Classes were locked into three professions.

Quickshot Shepherd, Prince of Darkness, and Familiamancer.

Among those three, William could only use the abilities of the Quick Shot Shepherd, Prince of Darkness, as well as one of the temporary skills of each Job Class that he had mastered.

Aside from those, he was also able to use the Familia Abilities of the ladies that belonged to his Familia, including Lilith's, Charmaine's, Chloee's, Lira's, Ephemera's, Melody's, Haleth's, and Princess Aila's.

In truth, he had only been using the Familia Abilities of his lovers and it was more than enough to push Felix into a corner.

Lilith's ability to summon crystal shards to use in battle, Charmaine's ability to Multitask, Chloee's Herculean Strength, Lira's ability to increase and decrease the speed of William and his enemies.

He also had Ephemera's Justice that allowed him to increase his attack and defense, Melody's Faith Divinity that allowed William to become stronger due to the beliefs of the people that were under his rule, Haleth's Divinity of Quick Wittedness, and Princess Aila's Regeneration ability that heals the injuries he received in battle.

With all of these abilities working at the same time, William was able to overcome the gap between his rank and Felix and deal devastating blows to the green-haired demon who was using everything in his arsenal to kill him.

"Quick Shot War Art Fusion Form…" William pointed Ruyi Jingu Bang at his opponent who was speeding away from him. "Blitzer Railgun!"

William merged with the golden cudgel in his hand and it shot out towards the fleeing Felix six times faster than the speed of sound.

In just a split second, the golden cudgel slammed into Felix's back, sending the latter crashing towards the ground and screaming in pain. If not for the fact that the Crimson Crown on his head had an automatic defensive ability that mitigated any lethal attacks directed at his body, the Half-Elf's weapon might have already pierced through his back with ease.

Just as he was about to follow up an attack on the fallen green-haired Demon, the Half-Elf's sixth sense kicked in, warning him that he shouldn't approach Felix no matter what.

Heeding his instincts, William immediately stopped in mid-air and gazed at the fallen Demon, whose lips rose up to a smirk.

"Why didn't you continue your attack?" Felix asked as he nonchalantly dusted his body before propping himself up from the ground.

"Who are you?" William asked back, completely ignoring the green-haired Demon's question. "You're not Felix."

The Heir of Darkness laughed before setting his sights on the Half-Elf.

"This vessel is good, but its holder is weak-minded," Felix said with a sneer. "Still, I like you better. Would you consider becoming my subordinate instead?"

"So, it's you, Ahriman."

"You're only half correct."

The green-haired Demon smirked as he eyed William with great satisfaction in his eyes.

"I'll ask one more time, become my subordinate and I will give you this world," Felix declared.

William snorted. "I'd rather die than become your pawn."

"Right, this is how it should be." Felix smirked. "I would have been disappointed if you agreed from the start. It will be better if I make you understand, just who exactly you are dealing with."