Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1254 How The World Began, And HowThe World Will End [Part 1]

In the beginning there was Chaos…

Before the world was born, and life came into being, there was only darkness.

Utter, absolute, darkness…

Empty, silent, endless… darkness.

And from within that endless darkness, Love was born.

Then light appeared, day appeared, and the world, Gaea, was formed.

Doom, Fate, Death, Sleep, Dreams, Nemesis, and others followed suit… all of whom came from Darkness' womb.

Giants that towered over the lands were the first being that came to existence.

They came in all shapes and sizes.

Some had many faces, some had only one eye, some looked like normal Humans, while others had hundreds of limbs protruding from their bodies.

Some of these creatures were so hideous, that the First God decided to hide them from the face of the world. Alas, their mother loved her children equally and plotted against her husband, starting the irreversible destiny of sons killing their fathers.

That was how Creation began…

That was how Destruction was born…

That was how the first Gods came into being.

Many worlds had been born since then, and life flourished within the multiverse.

Humans, Elves, Dwarves, Demons, Devils, Gnomes, Half-lings, and other creatures, both fair and hideous, roamed the land.

As they started to gain sentience, these early beings started to worship the unknown. They prayed to them when they were facing danger, they prayed to them when they faced abundance, they prayed to them to ask for assistance.

They prayed to them.

They prayed for them…

From within the void, their prayers were heard.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Gods with various forms came into being.

The God of Fire, Water, Wind, and Earth.

The God of Wine, Good Harvest, Family, and Home.

The God of Lightning, Storms, Tides, and Seasons.

The God of Music, God of Laughter, and even the God of Children were born.

Primordial Gods, Personification Gods, and lastly the New Generation Gods.

However, during an era where the New Generation Gods still didn't exist, a time where the great strife had just ended in one of the earliest Pantheons in the Heavens, a prophecy was told.

"You who have overthrown your father will one day suffer the same fate."

Because of this, one of the Gods that ruled the world, devoured his children one after the other, except for one that had escaped due to his mother's love.

This young God was sent to a place where his father's eyes couldn't see.

There, he was nourished by a goat that went by the name, Amalthea.

Several years later, this child grew and hatched a plan to overthrow his father, who had devoured his brothers and sisters.

This man went to the places where the ancient creatures were sealed and hidden.

Giants, Titans, and other creatures of old, fought alongside the young man as they waged a ten-year-war against the mighty God who sat on top of the heavenly throne.

The moment he had defeated his father, he forced him to disgorge his siblings. Gods and Goddesses, in their adult forms, were released one by one.

After that, a new era of peace spread across the land… or so everyone thought.

"You who have overthrown your father will one day suffer the same fate."

The same prophecy that had allowed him to stand against his father, befell him.

Since he feared that the same Fate would fall upon him, the current God decided to take drastic measures to ensure that this prophesied son of his, would never be born.

To a certain extent… he succeeded.

The child that was supposed to end his reign, wasn't born.

However, as if Fate found this whole thing silly, the child who wasn't supposed to be born, was born, through the help of the same goat, who had nourished and raised the young God who had overthrown his father.

She was a compassionate Goddess. Wanting the child to be born, and yet, didn't want the God she had raised for to suffer, she decided to make the ultimate sacrifice.

Sacrificing her Divinity, to become a constellation, she sent the prophesied soul to the Cycle of Reincarnation, with the condition that he would not be born on the same plane as his father.

For thousands of years, she watched over him from the heavens. Laughing with him during his happy moments, crying with him during his sad moments, loving him when he needed it the most.

Then one day, she witnessed how he fought against the Army of Destruction, and watched his beloved perish one after the other, before dying in the arms of the Elf he had forgotten. The Tender Goddess decided to send half of her soul to the Cycle of Reincarnation.

Being only half a soul, she couldn't be born as a Human. This continued for hundreds of years until finally, Fate decreed that she would be born in the world where he would appear.

A place far away from his father.

A place where she could care for him, like a mother, and ensure that he wouldn't go down the wrong path.

A path that would lead to destruction…

A path that would make him the enemy of the world… and the very people he desperately tried to protect.

—--

"Y-You!" Aka Manah pulled back his hand, and retreated several meters away from William as if he was burned by hellish flames.

Black mists started to ooze out of the Obsidian Gem that floated at the center of the bloody hole in William's chest.

A moment later, his injury regenerated.

The black-haired teenager's eyes slowly opened, and a crimson glow radiated from his pupils. His eyes locked in on Aka Manah's body, as if looking at his prey, making the green-haired Demon shudder.

"S-Stay away!" Aka Manah lost his earlier composure and flew towards the sky in fear of the existence that had come out of the Pandora's Box that he had just opened.

William's fangs extended and a guttural growl escaped his lips.

"Will!" Chloee, who was about to fly towards the black-haired teenager, was suddenly blocked by Astrape and Bronte.

"Don't come near him," Astrape said as she held Chloee's arm, preventing her from going close to William. "M-Master is acting strange."

"I think he has lost his consciousness and is only acting on his primal instincts," Titania commented as she stood beside her comrades. "Right now, he can't determine friend from foe. It is best that we don't go near him, or else he might do something he might regret later on."

As if waiting for that cue, William roared towards the heavens. A powerful shockwave destroyed everything that was a thousand meters away from him, forcing Titania as well as the others to cast powerful barriers in order to protect themselves from the sudden surge of Divine Power in William's body.

"... Kill," William muttered as blood and saliva dripped from his fangs. "Kill!"

The black-haired teenager crouched down on the ground before leaping to the air like a railgun. His target was the fleeing green-haired Demon, who was dead-set on escaping with every fiber of its being.

Aka Manah had no doubt in his mind that the moment the black-haired teenager's clawed hands managed to grab hold of him, he would experience something that was far worse than death.