Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1256 How The World Began, And How The World Will End [Part 3]

"Stop!" Aka Manah shouted, but the berserked Half-Elf wasn't listening to anybody.

After catching up to him, the black-haired teenager roared like a wild beast and smashed his fist into the green-haired Demon's face. However, a black dome of darkness appeared and blocked his attack.

Even so, the force behind William's attack was so strong that the orb of darkness smashed towards the ground, creating a crater that was several meters wide.

Before Aka Manah could even catch his breath, William's fist descended once again on the black dome of Darkness, pushing it deeper in the Earth, and making the crater wider.

"Damn it!" Aka Manah cursed out loud as he decided to force his way out of the predicament he was in. He knew that if he remained passive, nothing would change, and he would be at William's mercy once the barrier of Darkness broke apart.

"Don't get carried away, brat!" Aka Manah roared in anger as he met William's fist with his own. "I won't lose to the likes of you!"

The green-haired Demon managed to push William away and fly back into the air. However, before he could go far, the black-haired teenager was once again right in front of him, and extended his razor sharp claws towards his neck.

Once again, the dome of Darkness reappeared to block William's attack, but this time something happened.

Several cracks appeared in the black dome as William's guttural roar reverberated in the surroundings. Using both of his hands, he clawed through the barrier with the intention of ripping it apart.

A second later, the sound of crystals breaking was heard in the sky as the dome of Darkness shattered under the black-haired teenager's ferocious attack, making Aka Manah's face turn pale with shock.

"Kill!" William's fist smashed unto the green-haired Demon's face, sending Aka Manah spiraling towards the ground.

As soon as his body smashed into the hard surface, William's clawed hand grabbed on his head and slammed it repeatedly on the ground before using it as a broom to sweep the ground for several hundred meters.

Just like a beast, William then proceeded to repeatedly punch the living daylights out of Aka Manah as if there was no tomorrow.

Blood spurted in the air as the black-haired teenager's ferocious blows that were packed with a powerful Divinity, prevented the Demon from staging a counterattack.

A minute later, William opened his mouth and sunk his fangs deep into Aka Manah's neck, making the latter scream in pain. Blood poured out from the gaping hole in Felix's neck, as the Half-Elf continued to devour his blood.

Although his rank was that of a Pseudo-God, Aka Manah found himself unable to overpower the berserked teenager that was pinning him down as easily as an adult could if his opponent was a toddler.

William was radiating a kind of aura that makes his attacks several times stronger, while making his enemies' resistance several times weaker.

As his life force was rapidly being sucked out of him, Aka Manah knew that his vessel wouldn't last much longer, so he decided to make his escape.

The Crimson Crown of Darkness on Felix's head, disengaged itself from the green-haired Demon's head with the intention of escaping.

However, as if expecting this to happen, William's right hand grabbed it mid-air and held it in a vice grip.

"Graaaaaaaaah!" William gave a guttural roar before forcefully clamping his hand on the golden crown that was emitting black mists from its surface.

"Stop! I surrender!" Aka Manah who was sealed inside the Crown of Darkness shouted as he tried to save his life from the monster that wasn't able to understand his pleading.

Several cracks started to form in the Crimson Crown's surface, as the black-haired teenager's Divinity flared up, forcing anything related to a God to crumble under his touch.

The Crimson Crown of Darkness started to emit cracking sounds as the cracks on its surface multiplied. Even the gems that were embedded in it had several cracks on their surface, which represented that they were nearing its limit.

With one last cry of desperation, Aka Manah tried to leave the Crown of Darkness to escape. However, he was sealed in this Divine Artifact and it was practically impossible for him to escape it without Ahriman's permission.

"Noooooooooo!" Akah Mana shouted as the Golden Crown shattered along with his will.

Black mists erupted from the crown and, at its center, a glowing red orb that resembled a soul could be seen. William grabbed it without a second thought and devoured it as if it was something that would nourish him, and make him stronger.

Aka Manah's hoarse scream of pain, fear, and frustration spread in the surroundings, but no one under the heavens, not even Ahriman, would come to save him.

After the evil soul had been devoured completely, William growled and looked down on the green-haired demon who had just recovered his sanity.

"S-Stop!" Felix shouted. "I beg you! Stop!"

"Grrrrrr."

William growled at the green-haired Demon, while saliva and blood, which belonged to the same Demon who was desperately pleading for his life to be spared, streamed down his fangs.

"I apologize for everything!" Felix shouted as William's clawed hand pinned him down on the ground, preventing him from moving away. "I'll do anything! Just spare me plea–mmph!"

As if finding his words irritating to his ears, William's clawed hand grabbed Felix's jaw and held it in a vice grip. He then slowly, but surely increased his grip as if trying to test his strength.

A few seconds later, a cracking sound was heard as Felix's jaws broke under William's powerful crushing force.

A bestial chuckle escaped the Half-Elf's lips as if torturing Felix was something he found fun.

William broke Felix's right arm first then proceeded with his left arm.

He then tore off the green-haired demon's right leg and drank the blood that poured from it.

Felix no longer pleaded and begged for mercy and forgiveness. He just screamed, and screamed until his voice grew hoarse.

William's clawed hands then pierced through the green-haired demon's body, making sure not to hit any of his internal organs.

He was simply doing this to torture the helpless Demon who couldn't do anything to stop his advances.

The black-haired teenager, who was still in a berserked state, started to tear parts of Felix's body off one by one. The first thing he pulled off of Felix's head was his right ear. Then he plucked out his left eye.

He shredded his nose, broke his teeth, and snapped his shoulder blades.

Astrape, Bronte, Titania, and the Nymphs, Chloee, Charmaine, and several others watched from a distance as William slowly mutilated the green-haired Demon who no longer had the strength to oppose him.

Even Charmaine, who wished for Felix's death, found this scene to be too extreme, and was quite worried about William's current state of mind.

As if wanting to humiliate him further, William crushed Felix's manhood, which was responsible for making countless chaste maidens suffer during his conquest of the Central Continent.

Felix's screams, which were filled with pain, anger, unwillingness, and regret, reached everyone's ears, before they came to a screeching halt, after he received a slap from the black-haired teenager, who found his shouting annoying.

Finally, William's hands pierced Felix's chest and grabbed onto something from within.

The green-haired Demon's body squirmed as William slowly pulled a black orb, that resembled a Beast Core, out of Felix's chest.

After becoming the Heir of Darkness, Felix's heart had transformed into a Core of Darkness that stored the power of Darkness, as well as the abilities he had obtained from the women that he had captured.

A chuckle escaped William's lips as he held the Beast Core firmly in his hand.

—-𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

< Initializing Absorption of Core of Darkness >

< Initializing Absorption of Skills and Abilities >

< Initializing Absorption of Job Professions >

< Progress rate… 1% Complete >

< Progress rate… 6% Complete >

< Progress rate… 13% Complete >

—-

The luster of Felix's eyes disappeared as he breathed his last breath.

For a brief moment, those who had witnessed this nightmarish scene thought that they sensed a trace of relief in Felix's last breath, as if he was glad that his suffering had finally come to an end.

"Will…," Chloee muttered as she watched the one she loved roar towards the heavens like a mad beast out for blood.

She knew that right now, William couldn't discern friend from foe, so approaching him was something they couldn't do, or else they might end up just like Felix, which was something that they didn't want to happen.

As Optimus absorbed the Beast Core in William's hand, several notifications appeared on his Status Page.

However, due to the Half-Elf not being in the right state of mind, he was unable to see the gains that he received after absorbing Aka Manah's and Felix's Cores of Darkness.

Powers that had now become a part of his own.