Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1257 What Now?

< Progress rate… 21% Complete >

< Progress rate… 26% Complete >

< Progress rate… 33% Complete >

—----

As Optimus slowly absorbed the power of the Core of Darkness, several other notifications appeared on William's Status Screen.

—----

– Dancer Job Class has reached its Max Level and will be automatically upgraded to its next class!

– Blade Dancer Job Class has reached its Max Level and will be automatically upgraded to its next class!

– War Dancer has reached its Max Level!

– Priest has reached its Max Level and will be automatically upgraded to its next class!

– High Priest has reached its Max Level and will be automatically upgraded to its next class!

– ArchBishop has reached its Max Level!

– Soldier Job Class has reached its Max Level and will be automatically upgraded to its next class!

– Armored Knight Job Class has reached its Max Level and will be automatically upgraded to its next class!

– Armored Crusader Job Class has reached its Max Level and will be automatically upgraded to its next class!

– Cavalier Job Class has reached its Max Level and will be automatically upgraded to its next class!

– Wyvern Rider Job Class has reached its Max Level and will be automatically upgraded to its next class!

– Wyvern Lord Job Class has reached its Max Level and will be automatically upgraded to its next class!

– Arcane Swordsman Job Class has reached its Max Level and will be automatically upgraded to its next class!

– Arcane Swordmaster Job Class has reached its Max Level and will be automatically upgraded to its next class!

– Arcane Warmaster Job Class has reached its Max Level and will be automatically upgraded to its next class!

...

…..

…

..

—----

Felix had absorbed the skills, and abilities of many women during the time that he had conquered the kingdoms, and empires in the Central Continent. Because of this, he had accumulated a lot of power, which had allowed him to break through the initial stages of the Pseudo-God Rank.

—----

< Progress rate… 53% Complete >

< Progress rate… 66% Complete >

< Progress rate… 78% Complete >

—----

As William neared 100% completion in absorbing the Core of Darkness, his rank also rose. Originally, without using the power of his Heroic Avatar, his rank was at the initial stage of a Demigod.

Now that he was absorbing the Core of Darkness and making it his own, his rank had broken through the middle stages of the Demigod Rank, and was still steadily rising.

—---Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

< Progress rate… 100% Complete >

< Congratulations! You have reached the peak stage of the Demigod Rank! >

—--

William's body glowed briefly before a powerful aura exploded from his body. Since he had become a Peak Stage Demigod, while he was still in his Heroic Avatar form, his Rank shot up to the Initial Stages of the Pseudo-God Rank, allowing him to break through the limits of the World of Hestia.

Right now, he was the strongest Demigod in Hestia, with the exception of Tarasque and Leviathan, who could become Peak Pseudo-Gods once they fully unsealed their powers.

Astrape, Bronte, Titania, the Nymphs, Triton, and the other members of William's army that were also at the Pseudo-God stage looked at the black-haired teenager with solemn expressions on their faces.

"W-Will he attack us too?" Loxos, the youngest of the Nymphs asked anxiously. "I-I don't think we can win against that thing."

Her entire being knew that even though the black-haired teenager was only at the Initial Stages of the Pseudo-God Rank, and was "technically" weaker than her, she felt as if she wouldn't be able to beat him, even if all her sisters, as well as the other Pseudo-Gods around her were to work together.

It was as if William was a different breed of Pseudo-God from them.

Another analogy was the difference between a kitten, and a fully grown tiger. Even if both of them were of the same rank, the tiger would still be superior to the kitten in terms of strength.

This was similar to how Primordial Gods would always be stronger compared to the other Gods because their ranks were different from each other.

"For now, don't do anything to provoke him, or catch his attention," Hekaerge replied. "I think it will be best if we all back away slowly."

Astrape, Bronte, Titania, and Triton nodded their heads in agreement. Right now, their Master was currently not in his proper state of mind, and it would be very risky to approach him.

"Let's go," Astrape said as she held Chloee's arm because she had a feeling that the Succubus would do something reckless and endanger herself.

Chloee, although feeling reluctant, understood that this was not a time to be stubborn. She allowed herself to be dragged away by Astrape, while looking at the black-haired teenager who was roaring towards the sky.

Charmaine and the other Elves also retreated back to the capital city of the Elun Empire and waited for William to return to his senses.

However, the group had only backed away for a few hundred meters when the Half-Elf stopped roaring and glanced in their direction.

His crimson eyes locked onto their bodies as his blood dripped from his fangs.

The group immediately stopped moving in fear that if they continued to move, the Half-Elf who was still in an unstable state, would run after them out of instinct, similar to a dog chasing a moving object.

What they didn't know was that they had guessed correctly. Right now, William was like a mad dog that would chase anything that moved.

Even with the great distance between them, all the Pseudo-Gods could hear the Half-Elf's threatening growl. Beads of sweat were already starting to form in Loxos' head because she had a feeling that the first one that William would attack would be her.

Suddenly, the black-haired teenager took a step, instantly disappearing from where he stood.

A moment later, he stood right in front of Astrape, who was holding onto Chloee's arm.

"Grrrrr."

William growled as he moved his head closer towards the two ladies, whose hearts had started to beat wildly inside their chest.

They had a good look at the Half-Elf's eyes, and both of them realized that the latter didn't recognize either of them. In fact, what they saw scared them.

Both knew that the black-haired teenager that was only half a meter away from them was looking at them as if they were both his prey.

When William's face was only a few inches away from Chloee's face, he suddenly stopped moving and turned his head towards the North.

A growl escaped his lips before his entire body turned into a lightning bolt, and streaked across the skies, heading towards the Demonic Continent, where he sensed the presence of several powerful entities, including the presence of someone he despised the most.

Only after a minute had passed, did Astrape, Chloee, and the rest of William's entourage dare to take a breath. Although they didn't want to admit it, they really felt like they had just dodged a bullet, and were quite thankful that William had decided to leave them alone.

However, after the relief passed, worry washed over them.

Charmaine, who was at the center of the group, glanced at Chloee, and the other Pseudo-Gods with a worried look on her face.

"What now?" Charmaine asked.

It was a simple question, and yet, none of them couldn't give her an answer.

Now that their Master had left them, and the battle in the Elun Empire had ended, they, along with William's Herd and King's Legion, had no idea what they should do next.