Chapter 1258 He Who Must Not Be Born [Part 1]

Within the Temple of the Ten Thousand Gods…

The Primordial Goddess continued to file her nails, as she paid close attention to William's fight and the brawl that the Gods were having.

Because everyone was either too busy bashing each other's faces, or watching the spectacle from the side, none of them had noticed the changes that had happened on the battlefield in Hestia.

Only the Primordial Goddess, as well as a certain constellation in the heavens bore witness to the awakening of the soul that they both treasured for the past thousand years.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

A frown appeared on the otherworldly beauty's face when William flew towards the North, where the Demon Continent was located. Clearly, the black-haired teenager had sensed Ahriman's presence, and had decided to go there to fight against him.

'This is a bit troublesome,' the Primordial Goddess thought before flicking the nail filer in her hand, hitting a daring Evil God who tried to enter the World Gate while everyone was busy fighting each other.

A pained cry escaped the Evil God's lips before he was sent flying back towards the chaotic brawl, where he immediately was gangbanged by the Gods who were on William's side.

The Primordial Goddess was worried that due to William's unstable state, he would doggedly fight Ahriman who had forcefully unsealed himself, and had the power of a God.

"Nemesis," the Primordial Goddess said in a volume that was barely audible to anyone.

A moment later, a beautiful, winged Goddess materialized beside the Obsidian throne and bowed respectfully to the otherworldly beauty in front of her.

"Go to Hestia and make sure that the boy whom the Neutral Gods are fighting to protect will not die in Ahriman's hands," the Primordial Goddess ordered.

"As you command," Nemesis replied before turning into a beam of light, entering the World Gate without anyone noticing her departure.

In truth, the Primordial Goddess knew that the Constellation in the Heavens would not sit idly and allow the Half-Elf to get hurt. However, she still decided to call forth someone who had the power to save William, just in case Ahriman succeeded in capturing the berserked Half-Elf who wasn't in his right mind.

—-

Fortaare Desert, Demon Continent…

Ahriman who was being besieged by six Gods, were finding it hard to launch a proper counter attack. Although he was stronger than any of the Gods that were around him, they had him completely outnumbered.

In truth, although Eros, Astrid, and Lyssa were quite annoying, the one he was paying close attention to was none other than Adephagia.

The Goddess of Gluttony was the real deal. Although she didn't have any strong offensive attacks, whatever she ate would be gone for good.

If not for the fact that he had unleashed his Divinity of Darkness within the entire Demon Continent to regenerate the injuries he had received from her and Gavin, the Primordial God of Darkness and Chaos might still be missing a pair of wings and the several mouthfuls of flesh that Adephagia had managed to bite off his body.

Gavin, while being the weakest God of all, was bombarding Ahriman with different kinds of attacks from all the professions at his disposal. Although the damage he received from them was minor, the bombardment was starting to get into his nerves.

Suddenly, Ahriman felt that his connection with the Crown of Darkness on Felix's head had disappeared.

'Did something happen to Aka Manah?' Ahriman thought. 'Impossible. No one in this world can contend against him.'

The Primordial God refused to acknowledge that one of his strongest subordinates had fallen in battle. Even if Aka Manah fought against Pseudo-Gods, Ahriman was certain that it wouldn't lose. Also, even in the case that his subordinate had found an opponent that was stronger than him, no one would be able to stop the Evil Doer from escaping.

The five Gods who were attacking Ahriman noticed his sudden lapse in movement, and used the opportunity to deliver several blows to his body. While Ahriman was busy protecting himself from the blows that were coming from every direction, he sensed someone approaching their location coming from the South.

A moment later, a hateful roar spread across the Heavens as a lightning bolt descended towards Ahriman, delivering a punch to his face.

The Primordial God of Darkness took a step back after getting hit, but that was all.

William was just about to deliver another punch on Ahriman's face, but before his attack could hit, the Primordial God had already unleashed a blow of his own. The five other Gods, when they saw who the newcomer was, froze in shock.

A resounding clap spread across the desert as Ahriman's fist connected with William's body, sending him smashing towards the ground and sending sand flying in every direction.

"William!" Gavin shouted after seeing his follower take a direct hit from Ahriman.

The God of All Trades immediately flew down from the sky in order to check on his condition. The other four Gods immediately resumed their attack against Ahriman in order to prevent him from targeting the boy who had joined their battle uninvited.

"Boy! Are you fine?!" Gavin crouched down as he examined William's body which had taken a direct hit from a God.

"Grrrr!" a low growl escaped William's lips as he slapped Gavin's hand away before staring hatefully at the four-meter tall demon in the sky.

"You…" Gavin stared in disbelief at William's current disheveled state, which proved that he had just fought a hard battle before coming to their location. "What happened to you?"

The black-haired teenager ignored Gavin's words, and flew towards Ahriman, who was being besieged by four Goddesses at the same time.

"Oi! Wait!" Gavin hurriedly summoned a whip and lashed out towards William's feet.

The whip wrapped itself around the Half-Elf's leg, preventing him from moving forward.

The black-haired teenager roared in anger as he clawed the whip that bound his leg, cutting it in one swipe.

"Impossible!" Gavin's eyes widened in shock after seeing what William had done to the weapon that was summoned using the power of his Divinity.

Although Gavin was the weakest God in the Temple of the Ten Thousand Gods, he wasn't so weak that a mere Pseudo-God could destroy the things that he had created using his Divine Essence.

Right now, William's Rulebreaker ability, in addition to another passive ability that Aka Manah had accidentally awakened, were currently active, allowing the Half-Elf to damage, and even destroy, anything that held a Divinity in them.

"Kill!" William shouted as his clawed hand extended towards Ahriman, who was now ready to grab the Half-Elf and use him as a hostage against the other Gods who were attacking him.

Ahriman knew that as long as he could take possession of William, the other Gods would stop their relentless assault against him.

However, before he could even enact his plan to grab the Half-Elf, who had easily presented himself to him, several beams of silver light hit his arms and chest, making him take several steps back.

A moment later, a fist smashed against his jaw, forcing him to take two more steps backwards due to the force behind it.

High above the Heavens, a constellation was shining brightly. Several more beams of light descended from the sky, hitting Ahriman repeatedly, preventing him from hurting the one person whom the constellation held dear in her heart.

—--