Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1265 William's Stick May Break My Hips,But Your Words Will Never Hurt Me!

"Don't test my patience."

If William had said these words a year ago, the Alliance and the Holy Order of Light would just have trampled him alongside the defenders of Amberfang Fortress.

However, right now, none of them could afford to do it because of the sheer number of High-Level Beings that were under William's command.

Oliver and Baba Yaga were both Demigods, but they were not the only Demigods under William's control.

The Second last Bosses of the dungeons found in the Forbidden Domain were Demigods as well.

Under Titania's command, three Fairy Princesses led the dungeon monsters that belonged to Tyr Na Nog to battle.

Countless Satyrs, Dryads, Kelpies, and other fairy-type monsters emerged in the hundreds of thousands.

Naturally, the monsters that belonged to Atlantis, the Seventh Sanctum, as well as Hyperborea joined the battle as well.

All in all, there were twelve Demigods, eight Pseudo-Gods, thousands of Myriad Beasts, and countless Millennial and Centennial Beasts under William's command, which was more than enough to trample the entire alliance.

In the past, antagonizing a Dungeon Conqueror who was as strong as William's father, Maxwell, was already a bad idea. Even more so for the current William who had far surpassed all of his predecessors and had successfully conquered the Forbidden Grounds, which the other Dungeon Conquerors hadn't dared to challenge.

"A-Are we supposed to contend with that?" One of the Grand Generals commanding the army of the Kora Empire felt his heart shudder inside his chest. He knew that attacking such a force was akin to an egg being thrown against a rock.

They simply stood no chance against William's army and would just be throwing their lives away.

The battle immediately came to a complete standstill as the Alliance and the army of the Holy Order of Light held their ground. None of them knew what to do and were waiting for their superior's orders.

"It seems that we don't speak the same language," William's cold, and merciless words descended upon the sky, making everyone's skin crawl. "I already said that you shouldn't test my patience, and yet, all of you… are… still… here."

As if responding to William's words, the Nymphs rose to the sky and unleashed a barrage of silver arrows at the Pseudo-Gods in the distance.

"Hahaha! Come if you dare!" Loxos shouted as she manipulated the trajectory of Opis' attacks, while Hekaerge allowed the young lady to see her targets over a great distance. "Didn't you hear my Master's words? He said scram!"

The silver arrows pummeled the Pseudo-Gods, forcing them to defend against, or dodge, the relentless attacks coming from the three Nymphs who were earnestly attacking them with the intention to kill.

"Loxos seems to be more fired up than usual," Astrape commented. "I guess she will ask for a reward later."

"Well, she did spend a night with Master as her reward for doing her best last time," Bronte replied with a smile. "It seems that she enjoyed her first time with him."

Titania who was standing beside the two blushed after hearing their conversation. She hadn't taken that last step with William, but she did allow him to suck her blood, as well as do a few other things whenever they were together.

"..." Triton, who was the only guy in the lineup of Pseudo-Gods, decided to turn a deaf ear to the ladies' conversation.

He was more curious about how their opponents would react to the Nymph's provocations. In truth, his blood was boiling inside his chest as his thirst for battle soared. Seeing that there were five Pseudo-Gods on the opponent's side made him wish that they would attack them, so he could join the battle as well.

"What's wrong?! Are you Pseudo-Gods or are you ants?" Loxos taunted. "Bunch of weaklings! Come and fight me if you dare! I'm here! Come! Make my day!"

Loxos' taunts reverberated across the battlefield, making William remember how they first met in the dungeon of Hyperborea. The youngest of the three Nymphs had also cursed and taunted him many times when they fought.

In the end, William punished the foul-mouthed girl by stuffing her lips with something that prevented her from talking.

Since then, Loxos had become very obedient to William, and would often take the initiative to visit and donate her blood to him, so that they could spend some time alone together.

"This girl…" One of the Pseudo-Gods was reaching the limit of her patience as she dodged, and blocked the attacks that were coming from the three Nymphs. "I want to slap her so badly!"

As much as the Pseudo-God wanted to shut the annoying Nymph up with a solid slap on the face, it was impossible for her to do that. They were simply too far away, and the other Pseudo-Gods on William's side would not stand idly and allow them to attack the Nymphs under their nose.

"This is hopeless," one of the Pseudo-Gods stated. "Sound the horns to retreat!"

As soon as the Pseudo-God gave the order, the officers in the flying ship at the center of the army of the Holy Order of Light began to blow the horns, signaling that it was time for them to retreat.

The Alliance, as well as the members of the Holy Order, sighed in relief as they retreated in an orderly manner. There was simply no way for them to contend against William's army, so this was the best suitable outcome.

The Pope, who was observing the battle, had come to look for Melody to tell her to use the Celestial Raiment to fight William and his army. She believed that as soon as the Goddess of Faith made her appearance, the hateful Prince of Darkness would flee with all of his might.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Sadly, the Virtuous Lady of Faith was nowhere to be found. The only one that the Pope found was Shana, who said that Melody was currently on her period, and had left the battlefield in order to take some time off.

"What? She was fine yesterday," the Pope stated. "Where is she? I'll talk to her personally. This is such a crucial time and she decided to play truant? Unforgivable."

Shana shrugged and simply told the Pope that she could try to find Melody if she wished. However, the chances of that happening was nil.

Melody didn't want to fight William, so the moment she sensed that the Pope might ask her to use the Celestial Raiment to fight him, she immediately returned to the Palace of Light, using the special artifact that was also given to her by the Pope.

Right now, she was their Trump Card, so she was given plenty of life saving artifacts, including an artifact that allowed her to teleport directly to the Palace of Light if her life was in danger.

The Pope seethed in anger after seeing Shana's reaction. However, since she wasn't the lady she was looking for, the Pope left to look for Melody, while the forces of the Alliance and the Holy Order of Light retreated in haste.

"That's right! Run!" Loxos' voice rang out from the heavens as she continued to guide Opis' arrows, hitting one of the retreating Pseudo-Gods in the butt. "Hahaha! Bullseye!"

The Pseudo-God that got hit cursed loudly, but he continued to back away as fast as he could.

"Don't let me catch you alone, little girl!" the Pseudo-God shouted. "I'll crush that jaw of yours to make sure that you stop shouting nonsense!"

"William's stick may break my hips, but your words will never hurt me!" Loxos shouted as she once again guided Opis' attacks towards the retreating Pseudo-God, forcing the latter to shout in pain. "Scram in my name!"

Astrape, Bronte, Titania, Chloee, Charmaine, and all the ladies who could be considered as William's lovers couldn't help but blush after hearing Loxos' words.

Even Opis, and Hekaerge, couldn't help but glance at their little sister, who had gotten carried away with her words, not caring about what she was saying at the moment.

"I guess I'll punish her later," William muttered as he gave the laughing young Nymph a side-long glance before shifting his attention to the retreating army in front of him.

Now that he had taken the initiative to attack the Alliance as well as the Holy Order of Light to protect the Demon Realm, he knew that the temporary truce between them had officially ended.

William had known from the start that the Pope was only biding her time to attack him.

Her intention was to subjugate and conquer as many territories as possible before dealing with the Prince of Darkness who was the worst eyesore in her eyes.

However, what she didn't foresee was that the Half-Elf had already breached her inner circle.

If she only knew that out of the seven ladies under her command, three had already submitted to William, and two others didn't want to fight him.

Even Audrey, who was the Pope's staunch ally, was having second thoughts about pointing her blade against the Half-Elf, who had already sunk his fangs into her sisters' tender breasts and marked their wombs as his.