Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1267 Thinking About The Future

(Disclaimer: Minor R-18 Scenes to start the new volume. Kekeke!)

—---

"Mmm… Hah… No… not there … Mmh!"

Loxos squirmed under William's touch as the handsome Half-Elf's naughty fingers played with her…

"Will… mmh!... stop!"

The Half-Elf ignored the beautiful young nymph, whose foul mouth had made the Pope's Pseudo-Gods wish that they could slap her countless times to shut her up.

A light, popping sound was heard as William let go of the pink tip that he had sucked hard, before looking at Loxos' flushed face who was on the verge of climax.

His finger's continued to play with her crack, before pressing his lips over her lips, making the young nymph wrap her arms around his neck, enjoying the passionate kiss that was being given to her.

The moment William pulled back to allow Loxos to take a breather, the young lady looked up to him with a longing look in her eyes. Even though she didn't say any words, the Half-Elf understood what she wanted, so he gave it to her.

Soft sucking sounds reverberated inside the room, as the Half-Elf plugged her soft, delicate, and foul-mouthed lips, with his…

The young nymph clumsily licked, sucked, and kissed the thing that would make her a woman soon. Although this wasn't the first time she'd done this, she still wasn't used to servicing the black-haired teenaager, who only gave her a reward whenever she did something good.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

"It's time," William said as he lightly rested his hand on top of Loxos' head.

Loxos then released William's member, making a popping sound before giving it one last kiss before it took away her innocence.

William spread the young nymph's legs apart and looked at her maidenhood, which was already overflowing with her need to become one with him. Although he wanted to tease her a while longer, he decided to toss this idea aside.

Seeing that Loxos was now ready for him, he lightly rubbed his member at her entrance a few times before lowering his hips, taking her innocence in one swift, and powerful, thrust.

Loxos' body shuddered, as a pained expression briefly showed on her face. However, the pain disappeared as quickly as it appeared, leaving only a sense of fullness, which she could feel deep inside her lower abdomen.

"With this… I also now belong to you, right?" Loxos asked.

"Yes," William replied before kissing her forehead. "You're mine now."

"I'm glad," Loxo said softly as she wrapped her arms around William, giving him a hug.

The Half-Elf didn't move and also hugged back the young nymph, who had now officially become one of his concubines.

The two exchanged soft, and gentle kisses for a few minutes before William started to move his hips, making the young nymph moan, as the Half-Elf filled her heart, and womb, with the pleasure that only he could make her feel.

—--

After covering the young and delicate body of his newest lover with a blanket, William looked at the capital of the Elun Empire, which was now hailed as the Ainsworth Empire.

Although he didn't ask for Dominion, he would take the territory as his own, rather than surrender it to the Holy Order of Light, who had now become his enemy.

Suddenly the sound of rustling sounded behind him. A moment later, two small, yet warm hands, hugged him from behind, making him feel the warmth that was emanating from her body.

"What are you thinking?" Loxos inquired as she pressed her head against William's back, feeling the heat of his body that she had stroked for the past few hours.

"The future," William replied as he rested his right hand on Loxos' hands that were holding him in a firm embrace.

"Our future?"

"Yes."

The Half-Elf slowly turned around to hug the young lady, whose height only reached up to his chest.

"You know my wives' died during my battle in the Demon Realm, right?" William inquired as he lightly brushed Loxos' hair.

"Mmm," Loxo hummed as she buried her head on William's chest, inhaling his scent, and kissing the obsidian gem in his chest.

"I think it is now time for me to take their souls back from wherever that God of Death took them," William stated. "Also, Celine is pregnant with my child. A few months from now, she will give birth, so I want to find her before that happens."

"I will do my best to help you."

"I know."

William brushed Loxos' lips gently as she held on to him firmly. A few minutes later, he carried her back to the bed. The sounds of Loxos' pleasure-filled sighs reverberated inside the room, which lasted until an hour before sunrise.

—--

When William opened his eyes, the sun was already at its Zenith.

Loxos slept peacefully while clinging onto his body, and the Half-Elf had to move gently in order to not wake her up as he slipped off the bed.

Traces of their lovemaking could be seen on the white sheets, and William gently lifted the young lady with the Wind Element in order to change the sheets and replace them with new ones, allowing her to sleep more comfortably.

A moment later, he used a cleaning spell on his body and kissed Loxos' forehead before leaving the room. The young nymph had been utterly exhausted, and was sleeping soundly on top of William's bed without a care in the world.

As much as he wanted to spend more time with her, time waited for no one and he still had to take care of the many matters that were waiting for him, as the new Emperor of the Ainsworth Empire.

Also, the Demons of the Demon Realm had suffered the most in this war. Millions of Demons had died, leaving entire tribes unable to fend for themselves. Only a few Major Demon Clans still had a decent number of warriors under their command.

However, before they could revert to their previous mindset of dominating the weaker Clans to make their Clan bigger. William put his foot down on their plans, and declared himself as the new Demon Lord.

The first rule he declared was that the warring era of the Demon Continent had ended. Anyone who dared break this law would face his might. Therefore, no Demon Clan dared to defy his decree.

They had seen how the Prince of Darkness fought against the Heir of Darkness and won a resounding victory, forcing all the Demon Clans to acknowledge his strength.

Although the Half-Elf wasn't part of the Demon Race, and should not be eligible to take the role as a Demon Lord, no Demon Clan was stupid enough to voice this opinion out loud.

After all, who in their right minds would dare to challenge the might of the Prince of Darkness, to whom several Demon Clans had already given their allegiance to.

—--

A beautiful lady with long black hair sat on the balcony while reading a book that had been presented to her by the Pope of the Holy Order of Light.

It was a book about the World of Hestia, showing the current geopolitical powers across the Central Continent, Demon Continent, Silvermoon Continent, and to a certain extent the Gunnar Federation that was located on the Western Continent.

As someone that had just arrived to a new world, Belle asked that she be given any information in regards to where she was currently at, as well as any information that they had regarding the Dark Prince, whom the Pope wanted to destroy no matter what.

While Belle was reading, a small Wren landed on her shoulder and chirped a few times.

"I see."

"Chirp."

"Oh?"

"Chirp."

Belle nodded as Aethon reported everything that was happening around the Palace of Light.

After she was summoned to the World of Hestia, the Pope busied herself with the preparations for her crusade against William, who was said to be stationed in the newly founded Ainsworth Empire.

A moment later, the Wren once again took off in order to look for more news, and gossip to share with its Master.

After picking up a rolled up scroll from the side, and checking its contents, a smile that didn't reach her eyes appeared on Belle's face.

"List of the Prince of Darkness' wives, and lovers…," Bell muttered while reading the names on the long list that was procured by the Pope according to her wishes.

Seeing that the number of names had surpassed ten, Belle's eyes glowed faintly.

"I see," Belle said softly. "So, you have chosen death."

The scroll in her hands suddenly caught fire as the black-haired beauty casually tossed it to the side.

She then glanced in the direction of the North where the Ainsworth Empire was located before sipping the tea in her cup.

Several thoughts appeared in her mind, and one of them was on how to castrate the Half-Elf, who had just added a beautiful young nymph to the list of his ever growing lovers, without her knowledge, far surpassing the number of women that the two of them had agreed he could have in the past.