Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1270 lt's No Use To Play Dumb Now

A week after William had officially taken the position as the Demon Lord of the Demon Continent, Nisha made many changes in regards to the governing system of the Clans, in addition to assassinating the Patriarchs who still harbored the fire of resistance in their heart.

Nisha might pamper the black-haired teenager because she had become his secret mistress, but in regards to others, she was ruthless, and didn't bat an eye when it came to exterminating the bloodline of the ruling families.

When the bloodline of the ruling families within the Major Clans was exterminated, the one that replaced them was more subservient to the Dark Prince's right hand, who managed the territories under his command.

After this show of ruthlessness, no one dared to question her authority any longer. All of them submitted out of fear that they would be the next ones to be purged by the mysterious lady who always wore a veil to cover her face.

William had taken a hands off approach policy because ruling was not something he wanted to do. Since there was an expert handling things for him, he could just sit back and focus on more important things—like trying to find a way to find the Death God that took the souls of his wives, as well as his Master, Celine, who was pregnant with his child.

He had been reading the books in the Demon Palace for any clue that would lead him to the place he wanted to go. However, even with Optimus' help, the two were unable to find any decent leads, aside from the name of the Gods that they were looking for.

Thanatos.

That was the name of the God that had taken Ashe's, Chiffon's, Princess Sidonie's souls with him, alongside Celine's, when they had that battle in the Northern Region of the Demon Realm.

For William, Thanatos taking his wives was better than having Ahriman absorb their souls. Although it was still a painful thing for him to accept, knowing that their souls weren't completely destroyed made him less worried.

Just as the Half-Elf closed the book he was scanning with the help of Optimus, a knock was heard on the door.

"Come in," William replied. He didn't even bother to look at the door and just picked up another book to read.

The door opened and Nisha came in.

William's steward removed the veil covering her face, showing the otherworldly beauty that she kept hidden from the world.Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

She then walked towards William and gave him a shoulder massage, while the latter flipped page after page, not even bothering to look at the beauty that could bring the downfall of nations.

Five minutes later, William placed the book down after scanning all the information inside it. He then leaned back in the chair and closed his eyes. The Half-Elf had been reading since morning, and now the sun was about to set in the horizon.

He hadn't eaten anything because he was determined to find a way to meet the God Thanatos.

Now that the Heir of Darkness and Ahriman had been dealt with, his next agenda was to reunite with his wives as soon as possible.

"Any luck?" Nisha asked as he lightly rubbed the side of William's head, giving him a head massage.

"No," William replied.

After massaging his head for two minutes, the otherworldly beauty took an ancient scroll from her storage ring and passed it to William.

"Read this," Nisha said. "This contains the information that you are looking for."

The Half-Elf didn't hesitate and unfurled the scroll that was passed to him. A minute later, he glanced at Nisha with the "How did you find this?" stare, and the latter just smiled and planted a kiss on Wiliam's cheeks.

"Let's say I have my own ways of gathering information," Nisha replied. "Can I get a reward for my hard work?"

"Of course," William answered.

Nisha smiled before whispering the thing she wanted from the Half-Elf, as if she was afraid that someone else would overhear their conversation.

"This isn't considered a reward," William commented as he gazed at the otherworldly beauty, who only revealed her face to him. "I will do that even if you don't tell me to."

Nisha giggled before pressing her luscious lips on William's own, giving him a long, and passionate kiss that would make all the men in the world jealous.

Two hours later, Nisha left the room wearing the veil to cover her face. However, hidden from everyone, a satisfied smile could be seen on her face.

Clearly, the reward that William had given her had met her expectations.

—---

The next day…

All of William's inner circle gathered inside the conference room of Asgard in order to receive the Half-Elf's order while he was away.

He didn't know how long his journey would take, especially since he wasn't sure of the exact time difference between the different planes of existence. Since he would be gone for an unknown period of time, he decided to allocate roles for his subordinates, so that his Empire would continue to run without problems while he was away.

Since the Holy Order of Light was still a threat, he decided to leave all the Pseudo-Gods behind with the exception of Titania and Levithan.

The Half-Elf carried Atlantis wherever he went, so Leviathan would always guard it no matter what, giving Triton some peace of mind while he defended the lands under William's control.

Loxos was like a newly-wed wife that was heartbroken because her husband was about to go to war, making Wiliam promise her that she could sleep with him tonight before he left to go to the Silvermoon Continent, where the path that led to the Underworld was located.

Since the young Nymph was part of the Hyperborean Sisters, she couldn't follow William on his journey. Only by combining Opis', Hekaerge's, and her powers, would they be able to unleash an onslaught that would keep the Pseudo-Gods that belonged to the Army of Light at bay.

"I hope that none of you will allow anyone to rampage in my Domain while I am gone. All of you have permission to kill anyone who creates trouble," Lux ordered. "Triton, you will be in charge of your comrades, and the rest of you will listen to him.

"Nisha will be in charge of running the affairs of the Ainsworth Empire, as well as the Demon Realm. In the case of a sudden attack, Nisha and Triton will coordinate with each other in order to move our manpower to fight those who dare to challenge our might."

"I will be only taking Titania with me as my protector during my trip," William stated. "Are there any questions?"

"Here!" Loxos' hand shot up as soon as William finished his speech. "How long will you be gone?"

William glanced at the young Nymph who was looking at him with a face filled with injustice. "I don't really know how to answer this question because I don't know how long I will be gone. This is why I hope that during my absence, the Empire and the Demon Realm will function smoothly.

"I don't want to return to see everything that we have worked hard for lying in ruins. So, all of you should work hard for my sake. Do I make myself clear?"

""Yes!""

Aside from the Pseudo-Gods, and Nisha, the rest of William's inner circle would join him on his journey. All of them would stay inside the Thousand Beast Domain, while William walked the thorny path to reach the Underworld.

While William was having this discussion, somewhere in the Palace of Light, four Virtuous Ladies gathered.

"I already know that the two of you are now Will's women," Melody said to Lira and Ephemera whom she had invited inside her room, alongside Shana, who was calmly sipping tea on the couch beside her.

"William's women? Don't be absurd," Lira replied. "Why would I be that disgusting Half-Elf's woman?"

Ephemera didn't say anything and continued to sip her tea as if she didn't hear Melody's words.

"It's no use to play dumb now," Melody stated. "I know that you are both his women because Will told me before I returned here from the Thousand Beast Domain."

"Nonsense," Lira scoffed. "Maybe it's you that has become his woman? That Half-Elf is a womanizer after all."

Seeing that further talk would just lead nowhere, Melody sighed and started to undress. The three ladies beside her didn't bat an eye because all of them often bathed together. Seeing each other's naked body was no longer a big deal to them.

When Lira saw the faint glowing crest on Melody's lower abdomen, a sigh escaped her lips. She had already guessed that William had already eaten her sisters when the two had become his "guests" in his Thousand Beast Domain.

"Are you his woman as well?" Lira asked Shana who had just placed her cup on top of the table.

"No," Shana replied. "But, I did things with William that I would not do with any other man. So you can consider me his Half-Lover or something."

Melody waited for Shana's explanation before shifting her gaze back to Lira and Ephemera who were now paying close attention to her.

"Get dressed first," Ephemera said before placing her own cup on top of the table. "Although I don't mind if we talk while you're naked, someone might come in and think that you've awakened a new hobby or something."

Melody shook her head helplessly as she picked up her clothes that were lying on the floor.

The reason why he gathered Lira and Ephemera was to discuss the lady that he had summoned from another world. The Pope was feeding the latter various half truths about William, and she couldn't just sit by and do nothing.

However, since she couldn't find a good opportunity to talk to Belle, she decided to enlist the help of all of her sisters, whom she could trust in order to warn the Half-Elf about the Peak Pseudo-God that threatened his existence.