Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1281 How This Fairy Tale Would End

William, who was currently in the Underworld, was unaware of what was happening on the surface.

The trackers he had left to his subordinates, as well as those in the Holy Order of Light were still there, and Optimus could feel its connection to them.

However, when it tried to gather information on what was happening on the Surface World, all it got was white noise, and a blank image that didn't show anything.

Right now, William had no way of knowing that a battle had just transpired between his subordinates, and the forces of the Holy Order of Light. Since he couldn't do anything about it, he just focused on his task at hand, which was currently holding a placard, while the adorable little doll was giving advice to the souls that had once again lined up in her counseling corner.

Erinys had gotten addicted to her job as counselor and did her best to give those who sought her help some decent advice.

Even William was surprised at how good the doll-like beauty was when it came to the matters of the heart. Out of curiosity, the Half-Elf had asked her how she was able to have so much life experience, and Erinys' answer made him regret asking this question.

"I watched many Telenovelas on MethFlix. My Favorite one is the Squirt Game," Erinys answered with an innocent look on her face. "I still have four free accounts that are not being used. Do you need one?"

William politely declined her offer and just resolved himself in holding the Placard to gather more poor souls that needed counseling.

He needed to gather as many Hell Credits as possible, so he was not going to complain since his only job was to only hold a Placard, instead of giving counsel to those who needed it.

"And we're done for the day," Erinys said as she started to stretch her arms. "Oh that felt good."

"Good work," William replied as he put down the placard he was holding.

"Um, did my order from Ama-Soon arrive?"

"Yeah. I left your chocolate chip cookies and gummy bears in the cupboard."Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Erinys' looked up at William with a dumbfounded look on her face.

"... I can't reach the cupboard," Erinys said.

William smiled as he looked down at the little girl who was looking up at him as if she had betrayed him.

"I know," William replied. "That's why I put them there."

"Y-You meanie!" Erniys stood up and started pounding William's waist with her closed fist. "Why are you bullying me?!"

William chuckled as he held the head of the little girl, who was flailing her arms wildly with the intention to hit him. However, due to her being unable to reach him, she just latched onto William's arm like a Koala, with no intention of letting go.

This time it was the Half-Elf who looked at the little girl with a dumbfounded look on his face.

"Are you human or a monkey?" William asked. "Choose one."

"I'm a Halfling dammit!" Erinys opened her adorable lips and started biting William's hand, but it was quite impossible for a little girl like her to do damage to the Half-Elf's hand, after the latter strengthened his arms with his abilities.

William ignored the clinging monkey on his arm before glancing at the bracelet on his hand.

—--

68,000 Hell Credits.

—--

In order to buy the ticket that would allow him to proceed to the next layer, he would need to spend three to four more days in Limbo as Erinys' assistant. When he asked the little girl to lend him some Hell Credits, the latter only glared at him and said.

"Over my dead body."

This left the Half-Elf no other choice but to patiently wait for the day when he'd collect all the points he needed.

There had been more than one occasion when he was tempted to just bite on Erinys' finger, to drink her blood and make the latter more obedient than him. However, he couldn't eat anything that came from the Underworld, so he didn't dare to use that plan.

The tea and cookies that Erinys liked to snack on were all delivered from Ama-Soon. Since their ingredients weren't made in Hell, the rule that he couldn't eat anything from the Underworld didn't apply to those items.

Also, Optimus was there to tell William what was edible, and what was not, covering all the bases without any fear of making a mistake.

"Let's go home," William said as he tried to shake the Koala that had clung to his arm with a vendetta.

To his surprise, Erinys' disentangled herself from his arm in a graceful manner and giggled.

"Fine." The little girl walked towards her boat while humming a song. For some reason, she liked the way William said 'Let's go home'.

In the past, she just spent her time alone in her house watching Methflix, and thinking of the day where she would be able to go to the Surface World.

Now, she was no longer alone, and having William around made her forget the loneliness she had felt for many years.

She turned around while walking backwards to glance at the Half-Elf who was walking several steps away from her with a devilish smile on his face.

Erinys knew that William's reason for coming to the Underworld was to look for his wives, and she found this to be very romantic of him.

As someone who had watched many fairy tales, she was someone who loved to see happy endings.

Right now, a Prince had come to save the damsels in distress, and she was no longer a spectator watching a drama unfold.

She was one of the main characters in the story, and this was something that Erinys had dreamed of in the past.

The only thing she didn't know was how this Fairy Tale would end.

In her little heart, she wished with every fiber of her being, that William and his wives could be reunited.

She thought that perhaps, by taking part of this journey, she would get a taste of what it was like to be a heroine in her own story, facing the dangers of the Underworld with a Prince Charming by her side.