Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1282 Kazo ls Life! Kazo ls Love!

"Will, let's go to the Second Layer now!" Erinys barged inside William's room with an excited look on her face.

The Half-Elf was currently drying his hair with a towel, while the rest of his body was laid bare for the Halfling to see, even so Erinys' didn't bat an eye and held onto his hand while swinging it left and right.

"Hurry up! We need to get to the second layer now, Lord Kazo is having a concert!" Erinys said with a determined look on her face.

"But I still need twenty thousand Hell Credits to go up the Second Layer," William replied as he continued to dry his hair with his free hand.

He didn't even bother to cover his body because Erinys didn't seem to care even though he was naked in front of her. The HalfLing just kept swinging his hand like a spoiled child who wanted to be taken to the amusement park.

"It's fine!" Erinys commented. "I will lend you twenty-thousand Hell Credits. But, this is only a one time deal. I am just making an exception once because Lord Kazo will be performing today."

"Lord Kazo?"

"Un! I'm his biggest fan! I plan to ask him for an autograph today after his show. Their group will be playing first in today's performance."

William didn't know who this Lord Kazo was, but he didn't plan on complaining because Erinys was going to give him the credits he needed to buy the ticket to the second layer. Since that was the case, he simply nodded his head.

"Great!" Erinys patted William's waist. "I'll wait for you outside. Hurry up, okay?"

"Okay," William replied as he continued to dry his body with his bath towel.

Erinys left the room and firmly closed the door behind her.

However, a few seconds after leaving William's room, the doll-like beauty's face immediately became as red as a tomato as she covered her face with both of her hands.

In fear that William would discover her current state of embarrassment, she hurriedly went to her room in order to calm herself down. That was the first time she had seen the body of a naked guy at close range.

Fortunately, she was very good when it came to having a poker face, so she was able to keep her calm until she left William's room.

'I should have knocked first,' Erynis thought after taking shelter inside her room. 'I see. So that was what a naked guy looked like. It's bigger than I thought.'

While the little Halfling was recalling everything she saw when she entered William's room, the Half-Elf had finished drying himself off and had put on his clothes.

He had estimated that he would still need two days in order to reach his goal, but since Erinys' favorite performer was about to have a concert, he managed to get a free pass two days ahead of schedule.

Half an hour later, Erinys took William to the Underworld Exchange Commission, so he could buy the ticket that would allow him to go to the Second Layer to watch Lord Kazo's performance.

—--

Second Circle of the Underworld, Living a Hella Loca…

"Hurry up!" Erinys dragged William impatiently as she marched towards a giant stadium in the distance.

Giant spotlights were shining down on it, making it stand out from the Hellish Flames that surrounded it.

"Now, this is something I don't get to see everyday," William muttered as he walked with firm steps towards the stadium that he didn't expect to see in the Underworld.

Four long lines of souls could be seen at the entrance of the Stadium that extended for miles. Clearly, the person named Lord Kazo was very popular in the Underworld, making almost everyone in the Second Layer come to see his concert.

Just thinking of joining that long queue made the Half-Elf frown. However, Erinys ignored the line and walked to the side of the Stadium with the "Nothing can stop me" expression on her face.

At the side of the stadium, there was a gate that two Giant Ogres guarded. Although the gate was open, no soul dared to enter it, in fear that they would get clobbered by the two giant monsters, who served as the security guards for the Concert Hall.

"Halt!" one of the Giant Ogres shouted. He looked down at the two people with an intimidating gaze, making them understand that this was a restricted area. "The ticket booth is over there. Line up properly if you don't want to get hurt."

Erinys ignored the Ogres warning and took out the badge of the Ferryman of the Underworld. The doll-like beauty gave the Ogre a "Step aside Plebeian" glare, making the latter flinch.

After making sure that the badge Erinys showed them was authentic, the two were able to pass the gate without any trouble. The Ogres even became polite and addressed Erinys as Young Miss, and William, Young Sir.

"Did you see that?" Erinys glanced at William with a smug-look on her adorable face. "I'm amazing, right? As long as I have this badge, nothing can stop me from going where I want!"

"Yes. You were amazing," William replied. "Can I also get a badge like that?"

After seeing how the badge made the Ogres change their attitude towards them, William thought that acquiring it would save him a lot of trouble. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

He didn't know if his wives were located in restricted areas of the Underworld, so having the badge would definitely help him bypass certain places that were guarded by the officers of the Underworld.

"You wish!" Erinys chuckled when she heard William's words. "Not just anyone can acquire the Ferryman badge. Only those that have done meritorious services in the Underworld can get it."

"Oh? So you were able to do something great? Pray tell what you did in order to get that badge."

"That's a secret. Sorry, but I am under a Non-Disclosure Agreement (NDA). I am not allowed to tell anyone how I got this badge."

The Halfling stuck out her tongue at William before letting go of his hand. She then ran towards the very front seats of the concert hall, near the stage, and sat on a pink chair that seemed to have been reserved just for her.

William sat on the chair beside her, and crossed his arms as he looked at the stage.

Right now, the stage was dark, and nothing could be seen on it. Even his Dark Vision couldn't penetrate the darkness.

Half an hour later, most of the seats of the Concert Hall had been occupied.

William was surprised because he had only taken his eyes off the Halfling for less than a minute and the latter was already wearing a pink jacket, and holding two glow sticks in her hands.

She also had a white bandana with the words "I love Kazo!", with a heart in its center, on it.

"President, you are already here!"

A cheerful voice called out from behind Erinys, and the latter turned her head and looked at her comrades with excitement.

"Haha! Of course I am here!" Erinys said as she raised her head arrogantly. "Girls, the time has come to give our Lord our support. We must not fail him!"

"Of course! How can we possibly not give our support to Lord Kazo? Kazo is life! Kazo is love!"

William blinked once then twice as he looked at over a dozen pangolins of different sizes. Some were as tall as a meter, while the others were only a foot tall.

All of them were wearing pink jackets, and already holding glow sticks in both of their claws. Just like Erinys, they also had the white bandana on their heads with the "I love Kazo" logo imprinted on it.

Before the Half-Elf could even ask Erinys the question that popped inside his head, the lights of the stadium suddenly turned off, leaving everyone in complete and utter darkness.

The chattering and murmuring inside the Concert Hall immediately stopped, as everyone, with the exception of William, waited with bated breath for the start of the Concert.

Suddenly, a single ray of light shot towards the center of the stage, illuminating a rainbow-colored Anteater wearing sunglasses, and clothes that were similar to what Elvis Presley wore during his performances.

"Good evening, everyone!"

Thunderous cheers and applause immediately reverberated inside the Concert Hall, making the entire venue tremble.

"""Lord Kazo!"""

"""Lord Kazo!"""

"""Lord Kazo!"""

"""Lord Kazo!"""

"""Lord Kazo!"""

William, who was looking up at the stage, had the "I knew it" expression on his face because he had somehow connected the dots.

"Thank you all for applauding," Kazogonaga said as it smiled at the people that had come to watch its concert. "My friend is still in the toilet, you prolonging this concert will help him finish his business. But, for now, let's not talk about him because it might make this place stink!"

The audience laughed at the rainbow-colored Anteater's joke, while Erinys' and the Pangolins behind her started to cheer and wave their glow sticks happily.

The black-haired teenager smiled as he looked at his dear companion, who seemed to be enjoying his life in the underworld. At the start, he wasn't interested in watching the concert.

But now, he was looking forward to seeing what kind of performance the rainbow-colored Anteater was planning on giving in front of the millions of souls who had come to see the concert, and watch the Deity of the Sky give them a show that they would never forget.