Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1284 Reunion In Living A Hella Loca

After Kasogonaga's performance, the other performers of the Underworld went onto the stage one by one.

However, none of them were able to make the crowd cheer as wildly as the rainbow-colored Anteater had.

An hour later, Erinys, as well as the members of the 'I Love Kazo' Fan Club, stormed the backstage area, using the power of her Ferryman Badge, which allowed them to completely bypass the helpless security guards along the way.

"Lord Kazo! We've come to buy all one hundred signed copies of your latest single!" Erinys shouted as she looked at the rainbow-colored Anteater that was currently drinking coconut juice, and wearing a small fedora on its head, while seated on a chair.

"Oh. Erinys, it's been a while since I've seen you," Kasogonaga smiled as soon as it saw the doll-like beauty who had proclaimed herself as its Number One Fan, and President of the 'I Love Kazo' Fan Club. "I'm glad that you were able to come to the concert."

"No matter where I am, as long as I hear that you are going to have a concert," Erinys patted her modest chest with confidence. "I will come flying! Right, girls?!"

"That's right, President!" One of the Pangolins said with a flushed look on her face. "Even if a River of Flames, or the God of Death himself stands in our way, we will endure all hardships in order to watch you perform! You have our 101% support!"

Kasogonaga chuckled after hearing the Pangolin's flattering words.

"I know that you girls feel that way, this is why I reserved all 100 of my signed copies for you girls," Kasogonaga replied as it pointed at a table that was covered with cloth.

As if waiting for that moment, Psoglav took the cloth away, and showed everyone the one-hundred CD's with Kasogonaga's signature on it.

"Lord Kazo, you're so awesome!" Erinys shouted. "I'll transfer the Hell Credits to you right now."

"Always pleasure doing business with you Erinys," Kasogonaga tipped its Fedora in her direction, making the Pangolins behind Erinys faint with love-struck eyes.

The little Halfling didn't even bother to look at her fallen comrades as she immediately secured the goods on the table in fear that some random rival fans club would suddenly barge in and steal them from her.

After securing the goods, she went back to help revive the Pangolins who had fainted from the gesture of their idol.

While this was happening, Kasogonaga's gaze was somewhat pulled towards the door of the room, where a black-haired teenager was leaning on the wall, and looking at him with a smile.

The rainbow-colored Anteater dropped the coconut in its paws as it looked at the Half-Elf in disbelief.

"W-Will?" Kasogonaga asked with a doubtful expression on its face. "Is that you?"

"It seems that you are enjoying your life here in the Underworld, Lord Kazo," William replied in a teasing voice. "I guess you like your life here more than your life on the surface."

Before William could even continue teasing the Deity of the Sky, Kasogonaga had already rolled up in a ball and flew in his direction.

When it was only a meter away from William, it unrolled itself and clung to the Half-Elf's chest while crying.

"Dammit, did Ahriman kill you as well?!" Kasogonaga asked while its tears fell down like rain. "Why did you die?! You're not supposed to die! What are you doing here?!"

Erchitu picked up the Half Elf and gave him a crushing hug, making Kasogonaga howl in pain because it was being crushed between the two of them.

Fortunately, the rainbow-colored Anteater was already dead, so it couldn't die a second time.

"Will, what happened," Psoglav asked as it patted Wiliam's leg because the Half-Elf was still being hugged by Erchitu. "Is the situation in the surface world that bad?"

Jareth had also moved towards William and waited for his reply. The four pillars that supported William's King's Legion all knew how dire the situation was before they died.

In truth, with each passing day, they feared that the Half-Elf would also appear in the Underworld. Although they missed him dearly, they didn't want to see him in the afterlife because that would mean that William had also died at Ahriman's hands.

"Don't worry, everything is already over," William replied as soon as Erchitu placed him back on the ground. "Felix is dead, and Ahriman's soul escaped to the void. We won't be seeing him anytime soon."

After hearing William's reply, Kasogonaga, Erchitu, Psoglav, and Jareth, all breathed sighs of relief.

"What happened to Princess Iron Fan?" Psoglav asked. "Did you torture that b*tch?"

The Demonic Dog's words were filled with hatred as it spoke the name of the Demon that killed him and his friends.

"Yes," William replied. "I also burned half of her face with the flames of Darkness, and unless I personally heal it, her face will stay that way forever."

"That's not enough," Psoglav growled. "If only I was there I would have…"

"It's fine," William patted the Demonic Dog's shoulder. "When you get back, I'll leave her in your hands."

The Demonic Dog's eyes widened in shock after hearing WIlliam's words. "Did you bring my body?"

William nodded. Since his friends' bodies had no life left in them, he was able to store them inside his storage ring after letting them soak in the Spring of Life for a day. Their bodies were no longer stiff, but it still didn't have any heartbeats, so they were able to be stored without any problems.

"Good." Kasogonag nodded as he patted William's chest. "You did well. Actually, this is even better. Did you know that we have been collecting Hell Credits so that we can reconstruct our bodies?

"Erchitu doesn't have a body anymore, so we planned to get him a new body before we returned to the Surface World. Since you brought our bodies here, we can have them modified in order to make them stronger."

William looked at the Anteater clinging on his chest in disbelief. "You can do that?"

"Yes!" Kasogonaga replied. "Right now, we have millions of Hell Credits, and we were just about to buy bodies for ourselves, but since you brought them for us, we can just use the remaining Hell Credits for upgrades. Next time, my scales will be so hard that not even a God can destroy them with a punch!"

The rainbow-colored Anteater shook its little paw as it told William about the latest products that had been released in the God Shop.

Psoglav wanted to have eyes like a normal creature, and its single Demonic Eye would become its third eye.

Erchitu had planned to buy a hybrid body that could shift between his Normal Form and an Adamantite Form that is very resistant to magical and physical attacks.

Jareth on the other hand, planned to buy a Half-Cyborg body, with modern armaments like Plasma Cannons and lightsabers.

William chuckled after hearing the outrageous modifications that his four friends planned to make to their bodies using their Hell Credits.

While they were all chatting happily, Erinys, who had finished reviving her club members, looked at the black-haired teenager in surprise.

She didn't expect William and Lord Kazo to know each other. Just by looking at how close they were, she could tell that they had known each other for a very long time and got along well.

The Halfling had so many questions inside her head, but she also knew that now wasn't the time to ask them.

However, after thinking for a while, she decided to take the initiative to invite Lord Kazo, and his band members to have dinner with her, William, and her fans club at one of the restaurants on the Second Layer of the Underworld, to which the rainbow-colored Anteater was more than happy to accept.

William also had no problem with it, so he went along with Erinys' proposal. Half an hour later, a grand party was held at one of the VIP rooms of the restaurant called "Hell's Kitchen".

Erinys sat beside Kasogonaga and listened as William told the anteater everything that had happened in the Surface World.

As someone who had lived in the Underworld all her life, any news about the Surface World made her excited. When William said that he had fought against a Primordial God, the Halfling looked at him with contempt.

Clearly, she didn't believe that someone like William would be able to contend against a God, and she simply thought that the black-haired teenager was just bragging.

Just as she thought that Kasogonaga, and the rest of its band would laugh and ridicule William for spouting nonsense, the rainbow-colored Anteater patted William's shoulder while saying.

"You made us proud."

Erinys blinked once then twice at this unexpected reaction that, for a brief moment, she thought that it was her who didn't have any common sense.

She couldn't believe that her Idol readily believed William's words, as if the Half-Elf was incapable of lying.

Even Psoglav, Erchitu, and Jareth all had smiles on their faces as they listened to William's tale.

"So, you came here to find Chiffon, Ashe, Princess Sidonie, and Celine," Kasogonaga rubbed its chin. "If I'm not mistaken, the Third Layer of the Underworld is called the Glutton's Paradise. If Chiffon is really here then she would certainly be there without a doubt."Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

William nodded his head in agreement. Erinys had told him all of the names of each layer of the Underworld. He shared the same opinion as Kasogonaga.

If Chiffon was indeed located on the next Layer of the Underworld then William had to meet her no matter what. For now, he was thinking about how to gain the Hell Credits that he would need to go to the Second Layer.

Unlike the first Layer, the lending of Hell Credits wasn't allowed on the Second Layer.

However, since Kasogonaga, Psoglav, Erchitu, and Jareth, had registered as a band, the Hell Credits they gained were shared between all of them, and they had the option to share them with each other.

William didn't have this option, so he was wondering how he could gain a million hell credits in order to buy the ticket that would get him to the Third Layer of the Underworld.

While the black-haired teenager and his friends were thinking, the Halfling, who had remained quiet for the duration of their talk, suddenly raised her voice in order to get William's attention.

"I know how you can earn Hell Credits here in the Second Layer," Erinys said with a mischievous smile on her face. "I just don't know if you have the guts to do it."

For some reason, William could tell that the little girl had something very mischievous planned for him. Even so, he was willing to give it a try.

As long as he could meet his wives sooner, he was willing to go to actual Hell and back, just to embrace them in his arms once again.