Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1286 Follow Me And I'll Take You Flying~[Part 1]

"Welcome to the Ouran Host Club," William said as soon as he opened the door. "I will be your host for tod–"

The Half-Elf wasn't able to finish his words because as soon as he opened the door. The faces of Erinys, Kasogonaga, and two Pangolins appeared in his vision.

"Hey Will! We came to visit–"

The Half-Elf immediately closed the door before pinching the bridge of his nose. He could already tell that Erinys and Kasogonaga had come to visit him out of curiosity, and he would have no choice but to serve them as their host for the night.

As a host that was as popular as he was, his schedule was booked for an entire month. The Half-Elf had decided to accumulate as many Hell Credits as he could, even surpassing the ticket price for the Third Layer of Hell.

The reasoning for this was simple. Regardless of where he went in the Underworld, the currency that reigned supreme was Hell Credits. Since that was the case, he would just farm as many credits as he could, so he could buy the tickets for the Third, Fourth, Fifth, and perhaps even the Sixth Layer of the Underworld before he left the Second Layer.

This was the method that he had devised. Although it would take him a longer time to reunite with his wives, this was still the best method that he could use in order to meet them all without having the need to accumulate Hell Credits as he advanced to the Upper Layers of the Underworld.

To a certain extent, he already knew who his regular customers were, and had expected them to be his guests for tonight, but seeing Erinys with Kasogonaga, he understood that the doll-like beauty had used her authority as the Ferryman of the Underworld again to cut in line, and reserve him for the night.

Taking a deep breath and resigning himself to his fate, William once again opened the door and entered it with a smile.

"You bastards, just what do you think you're doing here?" William asked as he lightly pinched Erinys' cheeks making the latter flail on her chair.

"I should be the one asking you that!" Erinys replied after prying WIlliam's hand off her cheek. "Don't you know that we are customers?! Customers are always right!"

"That's right! What do you think you're doing to our President? Do you want to get fired from your job?" one of the Pangolins asked.

"Can you act in a civilized manner and not like a barbarian who just came from the countryside?" The other Pangolin supported her comrade at arms. "Can't we talk things out like proper civilized creatures?"

Kasogonaga chuckled before lightly tapping its paw on the table.

"We came here to have a good night, Will," Kasogonaga stated. "No more violence, okay?"

"Fine," William replied. "So, dear guests, what drinks would you like to have?"

"One Margarita for me!" Erinys' ordered.

"Two Cosmopolitan!" one of the Pangolins ordered for herself and her friend.

"I'll take one Mojito, please," Kasogonaga gave his order as well.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

William nodded. "Understood. One orange juice, two Lime Juice, and one Mojito."

"Hey! I said Margarita, not orange juice!" Erinys complained.

"That's two Cosmopolitan, and not two Lime Juices!" The Pangolin also voiced her opinion.

"I heard you the first time," William replied as he activated the artifact in his hand. "One Orange Juice, two Lime Juice and one Mojito. Jarvis, please prepare the drinks."

"Got it," Jarvis, the Bartender of the Ouran Host Club acknowledged William's order and closed the connection.

William ignored Erinys' and the two Pangolins' glares before sitting between the Halfling and the rainbow-colored Anteater.

"How is the preparation for your next concert going?" William asked Kasogonaga who was just chilling beside him.

"It's going well," Kasogonaga replied. "Our new single is also selling like hotcakes. The recording studio called me earlier and said that they are going to release a hundred thousand more copies because of increasing demand."

"That's great to hear. More power to your next concert."

"Thank you."

William then shifted his attention to the sulking little girl beside him.

"What's wrong?" William inquired. "Not watching Squirt Games today?"

"I can watch it anytime," Erinys replied grumpily. "I want to be pampered tonight. If you don't give it your best, we will leave you a one-star review. Isn't that right, girls?"

"Yes, President!" one of the Pangolins replied. "I'll also make sure that the rest of our sisters post one-star reviews as well. Let's see if he can bully us after that."

"You are underestimating the power of your customers," the second Pangolin commented. "So what if you are the most popular host right now?? One small mishap and your fame will come crumbling down if you mess with our fans club."

William ignored the threats of Erinys' and her fellow pangolins. Since Kasogonaga was his friend, just a slight push was all it would take to pacify the, I Love Kazo Fansclub, and change their one-star reviews, into five-star ones.

When the drinks finally arrived, the group became rowdy as they sang and danced in the Host Club's room that also served as a KTV.

In order to entertain guests, hosts would usually sing, dance, and serve them, to make the customers continue to buy food and drinks, thereby raising the commission that they would get for the duration of their guests' stay inside the Host Club.

Naturally, they were also given tips in the end, which sometimes exceeded half of the total number of Hell Credits that they could earn in a day of serving customers.

Since William was well-versed in the act of seduction and temptation, his ability to squeeze the Hell Credits from his client's purses were quite phenomenal, making him the Top Host of the establishment in just the span of a few days.

—--

"Peaches and cream,

Sweeter than sweet~

Chocolate cheeks and chocolate wings,

But your wings are devil wings,

There is a bitter next to your sweet~"

—---

Eriyns sang while holding the mic in her hand, while the two Pangolins clapped their hands together to support their President.

Willian and Kasogonaga clapped alongside the beat of the music, making the Halfling sing and dance to her heart's content.

After the song ended, a satisfied Erinys returned to her seat, as William gave her a glass of "Cinderella", which was a mocktail that the Half-Elf had ordered for the lively Halfling who was truly enjoying her night at the Host Club.

Although she was sweating a bit, and breathing a bit roughly, her youthful energy would revitalize anyone that looked at her.

Even Kasogonaga was contemplating if he should invite Erinys' to become a guest performer in its next concert, which made the Halfling look at her idol with sparkling eyes.

"C-Can I really be a star just like you, Lord Kazo?" Erinys asked after drinking half of the fruit juice that William had given her.

"Definitely. Isn't that right, Will?" Kasogonaga replied before shifting its attention on the Half-Elf who was busy wiping the sweat off Erinys' face with his handkerchief.

"I can already see it happening," William answered. "The Halfling that took the Underworld by storm. The one and only, Lady Erinys, who sings Bee Tea S songs as if she was born to do it."

"That's right, President!" one of the Pangolins clapped her hands. "This is simply perfect. To think that our President can also become a celebrity. I'm so proud!"

"Just thinking of our President's poster being plastered all over the Second Layer for her upcoming concert," the other Pangolin hugged itself while its body shuddered. "The mere thought of it is giving me goosebumps."

Erinys looked up at William, as the latter continued to wipe the sweat on her forehead, cheeks, and neck.

"Do you really think I can be a popular idol?" Erinys inquired with a serious look on her face.

"Definitely," William replied. "The only question is, whether you are prepared for the consequences of stepping on that grand stage, and looking at the countless people who have come to watch you perform."

The Halfling closed her eyes as she imagined the scene that William had told her.

A grand stage with the lights shining down on her, and countless people waving their glow sticks in the darkness. The mere thought of it made Erinys shudder from both fear and excitement.