Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1287 Follow Me And l'll Take You Flying~[Part 2]

The more Erinys thought about becoming an idol, the more she felt that she might be biting off more than she could chew.

A part of her felt anxious about stepping on the spotlight and performing like one of those popular artists that she had watched on Methflix.

What would she do if she wasn't able to sing and dance properly?

Worse, what would happen if she accidentally tripped on the stage and fell while dancing?

"I-I'll think about it for now," Erinys stuttered as soon as she realized how grand the scale of the performance that Kasogonaga was talking about. She didn't know if she was confident enough to face tens of thousands of people that would come to watch her perform on the stage.

Kasogonaga chuckled before poking William's arm.

"I wonder what would happen if Medusa and Erinys met. I'm sure the two of them would hit it off. Maybe our little Medusa can even help Erinys become the idol she aspires to be."

The black-haired teenager smiled because Medusa had become the Thousand Beast Domain's Pop Star. The little Gorgon would hold concerts once a week alongside Sharur and Gullinbursti at the Concert Hall of K-City.

It all started when William had asked Optimus to attach a special Antenna Tower within the Thousand Beast Domain to allow the Televisions to pick up channels back on Earth.

Among these channels was the Music Channel, where all the latest songs were being played.

As someone who had become the champion of Dance Dance Evolution in the Thousand Beast Domain, Medusa enjoyed dancing, and singing as well. It was as if everything fell in place like a giant puzzle, and before William was even aware, the Little Gorgon was already doing small-scale concerts without his knowledge.

If not for Optimus' regular weekly reports on the things that were happening inside his Domain, he would still be unaware of the latest fad that was happening right under his nose.

'Maybe I should let them meet in the future,' William mused as he finished wiping the sweat off the doll-like beauty's face. 'I'm sure that the two of them will become the best of friends.'

A few hours later, William carried a "drunk" Erinys back home in a princess carry.

He didn't know how it happened, but the Halfling got tipsy after drinking so many fruit juices. After asking Jarvis about the possibility of adding alcohol in her drinks, the bartender confessed that there were three occasions where the Halfling had gone to the bar counter of the Host Club to order a few alcoholic drinks on her way to the bathroom.

Since Erinys had the badge of the Ferryman of the Underworld, Jarvis didn't dare defy her orders and gave her the alcoholic drinks she wanted, which the latter gulped one after the other before returning to the room where William, Kasogonaga, and her two friends were currently at.

Fortunately, even when drunk, Erinys was still sober enough to not do anything embarrassing. The only thing she did was to sit on William's lap and rest her head on his chest before dozing off to sleep.

Half an hour later, Kasogonaga deemed that it was time to end the drinking session and paid William the fee for his services, as well as the payment for the food and drinks.

Naturally, the rainbow-colored Anteater gave the Half-Elf a generous tip of a hundred thousand Hell Credits, which was his own way of helping William gather the resources he needed to meet with his wives in the Underworld.

In truth, this was the main reason why he agreed to come with Erinys to the Host Club. Since lending Hell Credits was forbidden in the second layer of the Underworld, the only way he could help William was to use the loophole that was available in the rules of the Underworld, which was giving tips.

Sadly, there was a limit to the amount the tips given to an individual could be, and a hundred thousand was its limit. This was to prevent people from abusing this method, and they could only pay such a huge amount once every week.

Naturally, there were exceptions to this rule, and that exception belonged to those who served the Underworld in high places, like a Ferryman.

As William helped the drunken Halfling put on her Pajamas, the latter transferred half a million Hell Credits to him, while caressing the side of his face.

"This young lady is loaded," Erinys said in her drunken state. "Follow me and I'll take you flying~"

"Alright," William replied as he closed the button on Eriny's pajama shirt. "Now go to sleep."

"Where is my goodnight kiss?"Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"One goodnight kiss coming right up."

William planted a kiss on the Halfling's forehead, making the latter giggle.

Five minutes later, Erinys' was lightly snoring on the bed while holding onto William. She had enjoyed the time she had spent with him, and it was the most fun that she had experienced since she had taken the position of Ferryman of the Underworld.

The Half-Elf, on the other hand, looked at the bracelet on his wrist to check the amount of Hell Credits he currently had.

"Over two million," William muttered as he lightly patted the head of the doll-like beauty, who was now drooling on his chest. "Erinys said I need at least sixteen million Hell Credits to reach the Fifth Circle of the Underworld."

The black-haired teenager sighed because he still had a long way to go. In truth, he was a bit worried about what was happening in the Surface World. Also, he was starting to feel some withdrawal symptoms from not being able to drink blood for a long time.

Erinys had already helped him order some blood in Ama-Soon using Hell Credits, but the delivery date was still two days away.

For the time being, William decided to just sleep longer hours during the day, and only wake up an hour before his shift in the Host Club started.

This was the only way that he could think of to prevent himself from indulging in the temptation of the soft, and warm, body that was currently nestled in his embrace, which was filled with sweet, and delicious blood, that was only a bite away.

—---