Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

1297 There ls Room For Negotiations,Right?

"Where is Will?" Maple asked.

"Where is Ma… Chiffon?" Cinnamon asked.

The two girls were sitting on Adephagia's lap, and looking up at her with pouting faces, and the Fat Goddess could only chuckle as she pinched their cheeks.

"Will and Chiffon are… eating together," Adephagia replied. "We shouldn't disturb them."

Her answer immediately made the pout on the two cute girls' faces deepen. They then raised their adorable lips in protest of the unfairness of the situation.

"I want to eat with them as well!"

"C-Cinnamon wants to eat together!"

After William had kissed Maple's and Cinnamon's cheeks a hundred times each, the Half-Elf carried Chiffon like a princess and disappeared somewhere in the Palace of Gluttony.

Adephagia had sneakily given William the key to the Super VIP room of the castle, so that no one would disturb them as they ate each other.

Adephagia shook her head firmly as she tried to console the two pouting girls, who were very dear in her heart. "Don't worry. William won't be going anywhere anytime soon. How about this, when he returns, you should ask him to feed the two of you some cakes."

"Maple likes chocolate cake."

"Cinnamon likes cheesecake."

The Goddess of Gluttony nodded her head as she brushed the hair of the two girls with a big smile on her face.

"Good." Adephagia nodded. "We'll not let him go until he feeds the two of you cake when he returns."

"Yes!"

"Yes!"

Adephagia chuckled as she gave the two adorable little girls a tight hug, and the two hugged her back. The Fat Goddess then glanced in the direction of the highest tower of the Palace and smirked.

She was sure that after being separated for so long, her pink-haired daughter would surely eat William, until she had her fill.

—---

(Disclaimer: Minor R-18 Scenes. You know the drill.)

William rested his right hand over Chiffon's head, while the latter lovingly kissed, licked, and nibbled his… with her soft, and pink lips.

She originally started with slow, and long licks from top to bottom, as if savoring her most favorite food in the world.

Perhaps due to how much he missed her, William felt as if her little tongue was sending an electric shock all throughout his body, making him shudder with how good it felt.

After that long, and slow torture, Chiffon started to give it a french kiss, making the Half-Elf close his eyes to enjoy the pleasure that his wife was bringing him.

He could feel that Chiffon missed him so much, and she was doing her best to take things slow, instead of becoming one with him from the get go.

It's like a food aficionado that tasted the appetizers first before going to the main dish, in order to heighten the anticipation that the main course would bring.

A moment later, she increased her pace, and took William's… inside her mouth.

When Chiffon was still alive, she wanted to please William so much that she had asked Princess Sidonie on how to make their husband feel good. Naturally, the seductive Princess decided to teach the pink-haired girl the art of love-making. She made William just sit on the couch, while she demonstrated how it was done.

As the Sin of Gluttony, no one, not even the Sin of Lust, could use her lips, and mouth, as expertly as Chiffon could.

Because of this, among his wives, Chiffon made William feel as if his soul was leaving his body each time he came inside of her soft, and delicate lips.

Perhaps this sensation was also due to the slight fear that Chiffon might get carried away and really "eat" Little William, making the Half-Elf feel as if his life was always at stake whenever the pink-haired girl decided to make him feel good by giving him the most pleasurable fellatio he ever had in his life.

A small pop was heard as Chiffon pulled back, letting William's manhood, which was glistening because of her saliva, stand straight in front of her face.

"No," Chiffon said softly before loosening her dress, making it drop to the floor. "I don't want you to release it in my mouth. I want you inside me. I missed you so much, Will."

As if his last strand of reason had snapped, William immediately lifted the pink-haired girl and allowed her to slowly straddle him.

The moment they became one, William once again felt an electric shock passing through his body, as the tip of his member pressed against the entrance of her womb.

Soon, soft sighs of pleasure reverberated inside the room as William moved his hips to make his Half- Dwarf wife feel good.

Chiffon surrendered herself to her husband's movements, and clung to him. Her gasps and moans were like music to the black-haired teenaager's ears, making him use all of his skills in order to make her feel good.

Several minutes later, both of their bodies shuddered as they came at the same time. The climax was so good that for a brief moment, Chiffon forgot where and who she was.

William, on the other hand, held her tightly as he released every drop of his essence inside her, filling her up completely.

The two stayed hugging each other for a few minutes as both of them panted for breath.

When they finally regained their composure, both of them stared into each other's eyes before sharing a long and passionate kiss with each other.

When their kiss ended, the two once again embraced each other, until both of their hearts were filled with each other's love.

—--

Several hours later…

"Booooo! You two ate without Maple!"

"Cinnamon is angry as well. We wanted to eat together too!"

William smiled as he cut a small piece of chocolate before feeding it to Maple.

"I'm here now, so I'll make sure that you two eat properly," William said. "Say ah…"

"Ahhh…"

The little girl ate the piece of chocolate cake that William had fed her happily. Cinnamon on the other hand, watched patiently as William cut a small piece of cheesecake in order to feed her as well.

"Say Ahhh…"

"Ahhhh…."

Cinnamon happily ate the cheesecake that was given to her, making Chiffon, who was seated between the two little girls, smile in happiness.

"Are the cakes good?"

""Yes!""

Because the two little gluttons kept on asking for more types of cakes to eat, William spent an entire hour feeding them different cakes, until the two girls were satisfied.

Not long after, the two fell asleep while laying their heads on Chiffon's lap, making it look like an older sister was taking care of her younger sisters.

Of course, that was only how others viewed it. But for William, Chiffon, and Adephagia, this scene had an entire different meaning.

"I forgot to ask them how they got into the Underworld," William muttered as he lightly brushed the little girls' heads,

"I tried asking them once, but they only said that they knew I was feeling lonely so they decided to come and visit," Chiffon answered. "As to how they managed to get here, I don't really have any idea because they wouldn't tell me."

William and Chiffon then glanced at Adephagia, who was eating an entire plate of grapes. As if sensing their gaze, she shifted her attention to them and simply shrugged.

"I also have no idea," Adephagia commented. "However, does that really matter? I'm glad they came here to stay with Chiffon. She gets lonely very easily."

Chiffon smiled as she lightly poked the cheeks of the two girls sleeping on her lap. She did get lonely quite easily, so having Maple and Cinnamon to keep her company made her forget the pain of parting with the person she loved the most in her life.

When she was dying, her regret was being unable to stay by William's side until she drew her last breath.

That was the last thing she remembered before opening her eyes again in the Underworld, and finding herself parting with Ashe, Princess Sidonie, as well as Celine, who had been brought to the Underworld with the three of them.

"How long do you plan to stay here, Will?" Adephagia asked.

"I don't plan on leaving until I can take everyone back to the Surface World," William replied.

"Did you preserve their bodies well?"

"Yes. Even their heartbeats have returned. All that their bodies lack now are their souls."

Adephagia nodded her head in satisfaction after hearing William's confirmation. She then thought of a way to help the Half-Elf bring her daughter back to the Surface World, but she knew that it wouldn't be easy.

"I think the only way for you to bring them back to the surface world is to get the God of Death's permission," Adephagia replied. "The cause of death for your wives is a bit special, so there is room for negotiation. Technically, Gods aren't allowed to directly kill mortals because it breaks the laws of the world.

"If every God were to do that, you could be assured that most civilizations in the multiverse would have stopped existing long ago. This is why Gods are forbidden to kill any mortal directly using their Divine Powers.

"This is why Ahriman was unable to fully use his Godly Powers during our battle. If he was able to do that, Gavin, Astrid, Eros, Lyssa, and I would not have been able to defeat him because of the restriction placed on us when we descended to Hestia.

"Fighting against a Primordial God is not something that can be achieved by sheer numbers. We just got lucky that he had been weakened after being sealed for thousands of years."𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

William reluctantly nodded his head. He had no memory of what happened after he started his fight against Aka Manah. When he woke up, he was already in the Palace of the Ainsworth Empire, and being nourished by Princess Aila and Invidia.

"So, there is room for negotiation, right?" William inquired.

Adephagia nodded. "Oh definitely. If he doesn't agree then Eros, Astrid, and Lyssa would descend to the Underworld and join me in wreaking havoc here. Although Thanatos is the God of the Dead, us four ladies would be more than enough to give him a headache."

The Half-Elf sighed in relief because he didn't expect that there was a possibility of negotiating with the God of Death, to allow him to bring them back to the Surface World.

He didn't care if there was a string attached to the condition that Thanatos would give him.

As long as he would be able to take his beloved wives back to the world of the living, he was prepared to go to Hell and back, if that was what it took for all of them to once again walk under the sun.