Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

1299 Lust's Abode

After spending five days in Gluttony's Paradise, William decided that it was now time to continue his trip to look for his other wives in the Underworld.

On that day, Chiffon, Maple, and Cinnamon clung to him with tears in their eyes, wishing him a safe journey as he continued his search for Ashe, Princess Sidonie, and Celine.

"Take care, okay?" Chiffon said as she looked up at William with a loving gaze. "I'll be waiting for you here."

Willian nodded before lowering his head to kiss Chiffon's lips one last time.

If not for the fact that he wanted to see if his other wives were safe, he would have stayed for a few more days, and played with Chiffon, Maple, and Cinnamon.

Erinys, who was observing them from afar, sighed in her heart, as she watched the Half-Elf bid his goodbye.

Maple and Cinnamon had stopped clinging onto him, but both little girls were still teary eyed, making anyone who saw them want to give them a big hug.

"Make sure to come back as soon as you can, okay?" Maple said. "I still haven't eaten everything here. I wish to eat them together with you."

"Cinnamon also feels the same way," Cinnamon commented. "Come back soon, okay?"

William nodded his head before kissing the cheeks of the two girls several times before steeling himself for his departure. The moment he turned his head to walk towards Erinys' direction, the Half-Elf didn't look back, despite the fact that Maple and Cinnamon kept on calling his name.

"Are you ready to go?" Eriyns asked as soon as William rached her location.

"Yes," William replied. "Let's go, Erinys. Take me to the next layer."

The Half-ling nodded her head and led the way out of the Palace of Gluttony. Their next destination was the Fourth Layer, Lust's Abode, where he believed his wife, Princess Sidonie, to currently be.

After half an hour of walking, William found himself staring at a small wooden cart, which he would use to travel through the Valley of Lust, before arriving at his destination.

The wooden cart was similar to those used in mines, where various resources like coal were dumped and sent back to the surface to be transported.

"The travel time is only half a day," Erinys said. "I'll be going on ahead with my boat. Just remember. No matter what you see, or hear, never leave the cart. If you do leave the cart, you might find yourself trapped inside an illusion.

"This is something that you should avoid at all cost because if that happens, I might not be able to help you escape. Do I make myself clear?"

William nodded in understanding and promised that he wouldn't leave the wooden cart no matter what. After ensuring that the Half-Elf understood the severity of the situation, Erinys summoned her flying boat, and sailed towards the next Layer of Hell.

Kasogonaga and the others remained in Gluttony's Paradise because they would be putting on a concert the following day before they returned to the Second Layer of the Underworld, Living a Hella Loca.

The rainbow-colored Anteater asked William to come and see him again before leaving the Underworld. There were some things that Kasogonaga wanted to tell him in regards to their future plans.

William sat on the cart, and patiently waited for it to move. Fortunately, he didn't have to wait long as the cart moved half a minute after it detected that someone was sitting inside it.

Just five minutes after the cart traveled the Valley of Lust, William saw several beautiful women, wearing revealing outfits that showed their seductive bodies.

If the black-haired teenager wasn't married, and had already made love with many women, he might have been tempted to accept the seductive invitation that the women were giving him.

Some of them even came close to the cart and caressed the side of William's face as he slowly rode past them.

Their words, filled with the promise of pleasure, fell in deaf ears.

Their beautiful bodies, that could make any hot-blooded teenager stare at them lustily, were nothing in William's eyes.

Although Chiffon's body was not half as sexy as theirs were, in his eyes, the Half-Dwarf whom he had made love with several times in the past few days had more charm than all of the seductive ladies, who were flaunting their beauty at him, combined.

Half a day later, William successfully left the Valley of Lust, and entered a place where several neon lights could be seen in the distance.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

The words, Welcome to Lust's Abode, shone in bright pink colors as he entered the next layer of the Underworld that the most lustful beings in existence called home.

When William arrived, Erinys immediately ran to him, and shooed away the succubus ladies, who had encircled the handsome Half-Elf, asking him if he was interested in having one-night-stands.

"I really hate coming to this place," Erinys said in an irritated manner. "This is the last place in the Underworld that I wish to visit."

William couldn't help but nod his head in agreement after seeing the scenes around him. Several men and women would fornicate with each other in broad daylight, as if it was a very normal thing to do.

The Half-ling's disgusted expression as they walked the shady streets of Lust's Abode, was more than enough to tell William that she really hated coming to this place.

"Where are you taking me?" William asked.

"To the one place where the most Lustful people in this layer gather," Erinys answered. "Lust Pavilion. I believe that one of your wives is there."

The Half-ling glanced at William with a frown. Even though she wasn't saying anything, the Half-Elf understood what she was thinking.

"My Wife is one of the Seven Deadly Sins, and the Sin she carries is Lust," William explained.

"That explains a lot of things," Erinys answered. "So, Chiffon bore the Sin of Gluttony, making her one of the VIP's of the Castle of Gluttony?"

William nodded to confirm Erinys' inquiry.

"That is indeed the case." William nodded.

The two of them didn't talk after that, and only walked down street after street, until they arrived at the lake.

In the center of the lake was a giant floating pavilion, which looked surreal under the setting sun.

Several bright, red-colored paper lamps hung along its sides, illuminating the surroundings.

Erinys summoned her boat, and paddled like the Ferryman she was, as they headed towards their destination.

William had a calm expression on his face, but deep inside, he was feeling anxious. He knew, more than anyone else, how lustful Princess Sidonie was. Whenever her Divinity slipped out of her control, he would have to stay and make love with her until her uncontrollable urges came to an end.

The black-haired teenager was worried that if those strong urges suddenly flared up, his beautiful wife might do things that she wouldn't do when she was sane and in full control of her senses.

A few minutes later, William, and Erinys stepped foot inside the floating pavilion. They were immediately greeted by a beautiful woman, who introduced herself as Ariana.

She was the "Madam" of Lust Pavilion, and her role was to keep this establishment running smoothly at all times. She even held onto William's arm, pressing her soft bosom against it, while asking the Half-Elf on what kind of woman he was looking for.

Erinys immediately came between the two of them, and pushed Ariana away, making the beautiful woman giggle.

"So, my dear, William, what brings you to Lust Pavilion?" Ariana asked. "If you are looking for the most pleasurable experience, I can recommend myself to entertain you for the night. What do you think?"

"A tempting offer, but sorry I need to pass," William replied. "I'm here for a lady named Sidonie. Do you know where she is?"

As soon as Princess Sidonie's name was mentioned, Ariana's playful expression abruptly changed to one of shock.

"I'm sorry my dear, but Sidonie is one of the Untouchables in the Pavilion," Ariana answered. "I have been given strict orders that no guests may visit her and her beautiful friend, who is currently staying in her private chamber here in the pavilion."

"Her friend?" William blinked in confusion. "Someone is staying with Sidonie in her private chamber?"

Ariana nodded. "Yes. I believe her name is Ashe? The poor girl. She has become Sidonie's plaything, and I often see her unconscious figure on the bed, with her body covered in kiss marks, and her forbidden fruit, always overflowing with nectar, dying the sheets day and night.

The Half-Elf breathed a sigh of relief after knowing that the person accompanying his wife, Princess Sidonie, was none other than his second wife, Ashe.

Back when William couldn't be around, she was the one responsible for keeping Princess Sidonie's uncontrollable urges at bay.

"Take me to Sidonie's private chambers," William said. "I have business with her."

Ariana covered her lips and giggled after hearing William's words.

"I hear those words everyday," Ariana replied. "Men and women, both handsome and fair, want to taste Sidonie's forbidden fruit, but she has always rejected the advances that come from other people, and simply focuses on torturing Ashe everyday.

"I have a feeling that if this continues, that blue-haired mermaid will turn into a masochist. Well, not like I really care if that were to happen. I just find her pitiful because she is trapped with Sidonie all day, and has no place to go.

"But, I think it is for her own good. If a beauty like her were to wander the streets of Lust's Abode, I'm very sure that she would have already been pinned to the ground by one of the locals, and forced to have her body experience pleasure that she has never felt before."

William snorted because if that really happened, he would throw caution to the wind, and eliminate the bastards who dared to touch even a strand of hair of one of the women that belonged to him.

"Take me to her," William's commanding voice made Ariana arched an eyebrow at him.

"I can't," Ariana answered. "Only people with privileges can visi…"

Ariana wasn't able to continue because Erinys, who had just been standing silently beside William, had taken out her Ferryman Badge, which made Ariana keep the words that she was about to say inside her lips.

"Very well, since a VIP has come to see her, I will ask Sidonie if she is willing to meet with you," Ariana said in a polite tone. "However, I cannot guarantee that you will be able to see her."

"That's fine," William stated. "Just tell her that William is looking for her. That should be enough."

Ariana bowed her head respectfully. "Understood. I will let Lady Sidonie know that you are looking for her."

Giving the Half-Elf one last glance, the Madam of the Floating Pavilion left with steady steps as she walked towards the VIP area where Princess Sidonie was staying.

She was quite curious as to why William sounded so confident that Princess Sidonie would meet with him, when many others had failed to even set an appointment with one of the most beautiful ladies that had ever graced the Floating Pavilion since Ariana had taken her post as its caretaker.