Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1300 You Are Out Of Your League, Boy

When Ariana arrived near Princess Sidonie's private quarters, she noticed an exceptionally handsome man with short blonde hair, and blue eyes that could easily capture the hearts of any woman whom he set his eyes on.

He was none other than Dominic Jett Reid, a Prince of a wealthy Kingdom, who had died not long ago and entered Lust's Abode a few days before Princess Sidonie was brought inside of it.

Back then, Dominic would spend his days, enjoying the company of the most beautiful women he could find, who shared the same passion as him in the bedroom.

Since he was easily the best looking young man inside Lust's Abode, he never ran out of beauties to make love with. He didn't care where, as long as he was in the mood for it, he would make love with them in the streets, in the forest, in the garden, inside the bedroom, or anywhere else in the house.

Simply put, the Fourth Layer of the Underworld, allowed such acts, for this was the place where the sinners like them, who had fallen to allure of carnal pleasure when they were still alive, would be sent the moment their lives came to an end.

But, that all changed the moment Dominic laid his eyes on the most beautiful woman that he had seen in his life.

Her long, reddish-brown hair haunted his dreams.

Her seductive lips, that looked so soft from afar, fanned the desires in his heart.

And finally, her seductive body, that was made to be loved by men and women alike, made his loins ache.

He wished to push her down on the bed.

He wanted to conquer her completely, and lastly…

He wanted to mark her entire body, and make it his own, releasing his seed inside her, and claiming her as his woman.

Never in his life had Dominic felt a desire as strong as he was now, for the sake of a woman whom he had only seen briefly after she had arrived in Lust's Abode.

Since then, he would always come to visit her, hoping to catch a glimpse of her beautiful face.

Unfortunately, the doors, and windows of her pavilion had remained closed. Only the sound of soft sighs tinged with pleasure, that belonged to another woman, would reach his ears, fanning the desires in his heart, and causing his loins to burn, making his whole body heat up with thoughts of conquering the woman that he had set his sights on.

"Lord Dominic, you are here again today," Ariana said with a smile as she stopped a meter away from the dashing young man, who had also made love to her when he first arrived in the Fourth Layer of the Underworld.

"My lovely Ariana, won't you be a dear and pass a message to Sidonie for me?" Dominic replied as he wrapped his arms around the beautiful lady in front of him. "Tell her that I would like to have a chat with her. Just a simple chat… you'll do that for me, won't you?"

Soon, his hands playfully rubbed her backside before slipping past her clothes, and touching her…

Ariana smiled sweetly as she allowed Dominic to have his way with her body. As a local of Lust's Abode, she had already felt pleasure countless times in the past. For her, this was a way of life.

It was the same as breathing for humans. If she was unable to make love with someone for an extended period of time, she would feel as if she was deprived of oxygen, unable to breathe, and suffering great pains.

A few minutes later, a soft sigh escaped her lips. Dominic smiled in triumph as he removed his fingers from her…, which glistened with her own juices.

The handsome young man then inserted his still wet fingers into Ariana's soft lips, letting the latter clean it with her tongue.

This continued for a short period of time before Dominic removed his still wet fingers from her mouth, and placed it inside his own lips.

"Today might be a bit difficult," Ariana said with a flushed face. "A big shot has arrived and he wants to talk to Sidonie."

"A Bigshot?" Dominic frowned. "What kind of Bigshot?"

"Someone that is accompanied by a Ferryman of the Underworld."

"... I see."

The handsome Prince had already been briefed on the Hierarchies within the Fourth Layer of the Underworld.

Caretakers like Ariana were the highest authority when those with higher ranks weren't present.

Although she had this high authority, this didn't mean that she could impose her will on anyone, and force them to do something. Her role was to report to the higher-ups if there were any problems within Lust's Abode, and they in turn would send people to deal with the problems in her stead.

Ferrymen of the Underworld were a special case.

They were the Fourth Highest Ranking Official in the Underworld, and they could go to any restricted places that was allowed by the badge that they carried. This also gave them the authority to order the locals of each Layer of Hell, making them do their bidding.

"What do they want to do with Sidonie?" Dominic had already labeled the beautiful Princess his woman, so he felt that it was his duty to prevent anyone from snatching her away from him.

"Calm down, they just want to talk to her," Ariana said. "Also, Sidonie is somewhat special. She can say No to anyone, and they will have no choice but to back down. She's not someone that even those at the top can casually touch."

After hearing Ariana's assurance, Dominic felt relieved, but he still decided to stay to ensure that no one would take away his prized woman way from here.

"Go and deliver the message," Dominic stated. "Also, pass my message to Sidonie. You will do that for me, won't you, My Dear Ariana?"

Ariana giggled before batting her eyes. "I will pass your message to her, but as to whether she will hear your request or not is entirely up to her."

The beautiful woman smirked before walking towards Princess Sidonie's private quarters, and knocking on the door.

"Sidonie, it's me, Ariana," Ariana said. "There is someone looking for you."

Ariana faintly heard the rustling of clothes from behind the door. Not long after, Princess Sidonie's voice, that made her heart tingle, reached her ears.

"How many times should I tell you, Ariana, that I am not interested in meeting anyone," Princess Sidonie replied. "Just send them away like everyone else."

Ariana already expected that Princess Sidonie would give this answer, but still decided to complete the task that was given to her by the Ferryman.

"The person said that his name is William. He said that he will–"

Before Ariana could even finish her words, the door abruptly opened and a lady, whose beauty could bring down the downfall of nations appeared in front of her.

"Did you just say William?" Princess Sidonie asked. Her voice, which was filled with excitement, and longing, made Dominic, who was not far from her doorway, feel his heart ache.

"Where is he?" another voice, that was similar to Princess Sidonie's asked. "Are you sure his name is William?"

A beautiful lady who was the spitting image of Princess Sidonie appeared on the doorway. It was none other than the Seductive Princess' other half, Morgana, who had gained a body of her own, after they arrived in the Underworld.

"He is waiting in my residence," Ariana replied with a surprised look on her face. "Would you like to meet up with him?"

"Yes!"Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"Of course! Take me to him immediately!"

However, before Ariana could reply, a third young lady with long-blue hair appeared behind Princess Sidonie and Morgana.

She was dressed in a one-piece nightwear, and the beautiful curves of her body could be seen by anyone who laid their eyes on her.

On her neck, arms, and collarbone, several kiss marks could be seen. Clearly, she had become the plaything of the two Succubus-like ladies whom she shared a room with, and yet, the moment she heard William's name, her heart, that had stopped beating months ago suddenly skipped a beat.

"I'm coming with the two of you," Ashe said with a determined look on her face.

Princess Sidonie and Morgana nodded their heads before facing Ariana, who was currently wondering what William's relationship was with the three ladies, whose beauty made them a prize within the Fourth Layer of the Underworld.

"Please come with me," Ariana bowed her head respectfully. "I'll take you to where he is."

Just as the four ladies were about to leave, Dominic broke out of his daze and walked towards the beautiful princess whom his heart desired.

"Sidonie I know that you don't know who I am, but I want you to know that I've been dying to talk to you since the day I saw you," Dominic said while his eyes glowed faintly with power.

When he was alive, Dominic had the power to Charm people. Even though he was exceptionally handsome, there were times when his advances didn't work, due to strict rules imposed on the noble women whom he targeted.

Whenever this happened, he would use his magical eyes to charm these women, and make them fall helplessly in love with him, ignoring their own families, and the people whom they were in love with.

Dominic had enjoyed this lifestyle until one day, one of the young men, who had his lover stolen from him by Dominic, managed to assassinate him, on his way back from her room.

That was how he ended up in Lust's Abode, and even here, he had retained his powers to Charm people.

Princess Sidonie, and Morgana, whom he was using his powers on, gave him a weird look, as if saying "Just what is this weirdo doing?"

As the carrier of the Sin of Lust, Princess Sidonie held the most powerful Charm under the Heavens.

Dominic's pitiful attempt to Charm her only made her feel disdain towards the handsome young man, who had wanted to pin her on the bed since the first day he saw her.

"Let's go," Morgana snorted as she pulled Ashe, and Princess Sidonie towards Ariana, who was looking at Dominic with an awkward expression on her face.

"Please follow me," Ariana said after giving Dominic one last glance before walking back towards her residence where the black-haired teenager was patiently waiting for the arrival of his wives.

Ariana could only feel pity towards the handsome Prince, whose face was crumpled with a look of confusion after his Charm spell didn't work the way he intended it to.

'Trying to use Charm against the Deadly Sin of Lust?' Ariana could only shake her head as she walked away, leaving the confused Prince behind. 'You are out of your league, boy.'

Although she liked Dominic, and even desired his touch, Ariana knew that there was no way in Hell that the handsome Prince would be able to bed Princess Sidonie using petty tricks, especially a Charm Spell, on the very Incarnation of Lust in the Mortal World.

It was simply too funny, so Ariana walked while her delicate shoulders trembled, as she desperately did her best to prevent the bubbling laughter inside her chest from escaping her seductive lips.