Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1302 l Will Take That Load off Your Shoulders [Part 2]

"What's wrong with me?" Erinys muttered as she lightly scratched her head. "This is weird."

As someone that had stayed in the Underworld since the day she was born, Erinys didn't know what the budding feelings in her chest represented. All she knew was that her chest ached the moment William was kissed in front of her. It was as if someone stole something that belonged to her.

Erinys had gathered many things along the way and treated them like treasures. She was like the Little Mermaid collecting things that fell from the surface world into the sea.

Figurines of her favorite characters.

Wallpapers of her favorite idol groups, and even the signed merchandise of her favorite actors.

She treasured all of them and treated them as priceless objects.

But, the Half-ling's little heart had been shaken when she saw William's wives stripping him in front of other people, not caring where they were.

This in turn made her state of mind a bit unstable, and the feeling of something that belonged to her being taken away by others made her feel bad.

Because she was deep in her thoughts she didn't hear the sound of footsteps coming from behind her.

A little further away, an exceptionally handsome young man with blonde hair and blue eyes walked in her direction.

Dominic, who had been left behind by Princess Sidonie earlier, had suffered the shock of his life.

'Why didn't it work?!' Dominic gnashed his teeth in anger. 'Why?'

This was the first time that his Charm ability hadn't worked on his target, making him feel angry inside. Originally, he didn't plan to use it on Princess Sidonie and just wanted to genuinely talk to her, and form a close relationship.

He was prepared to spend days, weeks, and even months, to chip at the defenses that protected her heart from his advances.

Dominic knew that he had eternity to waste, so he didn't mind playing the long game, while fornicating with other women on the side. However, the shock earlier made him lose a bit of his confidence, making him wander aimlessly in Hell's Abode.

While randomly walking around, he noticed a little girl hugging her knees in the distance. Her doll-like beauty, which looked so innocent in his eyes, made the chaotic feelings in his heart rise.

'Good,' Dominic thought. 'Someone I can vent my frustrations on. So young, and yet already so lustful? No wonder she died young.'

The handsome Prince assumed that Erinys was one of the people in the Fourth Layer, like him, who had been sent there because of their addiction to carnal desire. He wasn't aware that the little girl in front of him was the one responsible for bringing William to Lust's Abode, to meet up with his wives.

Taking a deep breath, Dominic used his most dazzling smile as he walked in front of the little girl to catch her attention.

"Good afternoon," Dominic said with a smile. "What are you doing here all alone? Are you lost?"

Erinys looked up at the handsome blondie in an irritated manner because someone dared to disturb her "alone time".

"I'm not lost," Erinys replied. "Scram, blondie. I'm not interested in talking to you!"Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Instead of being angry, Dominic just chuckled as he sat beside the little girl, ignoring her glare.

"I didn't expect to see a beautiful sunset in the Underworld," Dominic said as he glanced at the setting sun. "But, this sunset is nothing compared to your beauty."

Erinys cringed internally after hearing the cheesy pick-up line that the irritating blondie just said to her.

"Blondie, I'm not in the mood for your games," Erinys stated. "Just find yourself a random girl here in Lust's Abode and knock yourself out! I'm not interested in you!"

"Oh, but I am interested in you." A devilish smile appeared on Dominic's handsome face as he gazed down at the glaring doll-like beauty, whom he was planning to use to vent out his frustrations.

"Why don't we… get to know each other more?" Dominic leaned on Erinys as his eyes glowed subtly. He didn't believe that the power of his Charm was defective because his eyes contained the power of Divinity, which he had inherited from the Patron God that their Royal Family served.

Erinys was about to punch Dominic's nose in order to make him back away, but her little fists stopped mid-air as she fell into a trance.

The Half-ling had a very strong will, however, it had been shaken earlier due to the incident with William and his wives. Because of this, a small crack had appeared in her heart's defenses, which Dominic's Charm had taken advantage of.

"See? There's nothing to be afraid of," Dominic said softly as if coaxing a child. He then held Erinys's closed fist, which she had used earlier in an attempt to punch him, and gently placed it over his chest.

"I can sense that you are feeling troubled. Don't worry, I will take that load off your shoulders," Dominic whispered seductively in Erinys' ear. "By the time I'm done with you, you'd be sprawled naked on the ground with my seed gushing out of your little crac–ack!"

The sound of something breaking reverberated in the garden.

William's hand was gripping Dominic's shoulder, making the latter feel a world of pain. A moment later, the blonde prince found himself off the bench as he was slammed into the ground.

"S-Stop!" Dominic gasped as he looked up to see a black-haired teenager whose eyes glowed faintly, as the final rays of the sunlight disappeared, drowning the world in Darkness. "W-Who are you?!"

"You don't need to know," William replied as he pressed his foot on Dominic's neck, applying pressure on it little by little. "There are some people that you shouldn't touch no matter what, and one of them is Erinys."

William applied greater pressure with his foot, making Dominic struggle with all of his might. A moment later, a loud crunching sound was heard as the blonde prince's body turned into blue mists nd flew toward the entrance of Lust's Abode.

Since they were already in the Underworld, Dominic couldn't die again, but his soul could be injured. Fights rarely broke out in the Underworld, but when they did, the souls just return to the entrance of the Layer they were in, and stayed there for a few days so they could rebuild their bodies.

Just as William was about to check on Erinys' condition, he felt a pair of delicate hands wrap around his waist.

"Don't turn around," Erinys said as she pressed her forehead against William's back. "I don't want to see you right now."

"Okay," William replied as he stood completely still, allowing the Half-ling to use his body as something to lean on.

In truth, Erinys was able to regain her wits after half a minute. Although Dominic's Charm was powerful, and had managed to slip past the crack in her heart, she was still a Deity.

Having her own Divinity, it pushed the Charm Spell out of her. When Dominic finished whispering in her ear, Eriny's had already prepared herself to smack the irritating blondie's lower half in order to break his balls.

However, before she was able to do that, William had arrived and personally punished the guy who dared to take advantage of her. She just sat on the bench while looking at the Half-Elf who had lived with her for quite some time.

Although he looked calm on the surface, Erinys could tell, after living a long time with him, that William was really angry.

The air around him felt so sharp, that for a brief moment she thought that the air around him was cracking like an egg shell.

Several minutes later, William felt Erinys let go and turned around. He patted Erinys' head, while she looked down, hiding her face from the Half-Elf's gaze.

"Let's go back," William said softly as he playfully rubbed both of Erinys' ears, as if disinfecting them from Dominic's whisper. "My wives want to meet you."

"Fifteen more minutes," Erinys said as she leaned forward and let her forehead rest on William's stomach. "We'll go in fifteen minutes."

William nodded. "Okay."

As the stars in the sky appeared one by one to illuminate the Fourth Layer of Hell, William's cold hands lightly rubbed the back of Erinys's head, making the latter close her eyes to enjoy this act of skinship.

Although the Half-Elf's hands were as cold as ice because he drank blood sparingly, the Half-ling felt his touch start to seep into the cracks of her lonely heart, filling it with his warmth.