1305 A Part Of Her World

"Please be careful, Will," Ashe said as she hugged the Half-Elf who held her in a tight embrace.

"I will," William replied. "Wait for me. I will return, definitely."

"Yes." Ashe looked up to her husband with a loving gaze. "I will wait for you."

The two kissed passionately for a few seconds before both of them reluctantly parted.

As soon as Ashe had backed down, Princess Sidonie took her place. Instead of saying words of farewell, the Succubus Princess kissed William for half a minute, before playfully biting his neck, leaving a kiss mark.

"Behave while I'm away, okay?" Will said as he caressed Princess Sidonie's cheeks.

"Don't worry," Princess Sidonie replied. "No matter how many handsome men are here in Lust's Abode, you are the only one for me."

Princess Sidonie playfully kissed William's nose before backing away giggling.

"Now, it's my turn, Darling!" Morgana opened her arms wide as she embraced the Half-Elf tightly.

Just like Princess Sidonie, she kissed William repeatedly, but this lasted for an entire minute before she pulled back.

"Darling, be careful," Morgana whispered. "When Erinys returned, she seemed to be in a daze. My woman's intuition is telling me that she might use a honey trap against you."

William flicked Morgana's forehead making the latter yelp in surprise.

"Erinys is too innocent for that," William replied. "I'm more worried about you honey trapping other people here in Lust's Abode."

"Ah. you don't have to worry about that. We'll just eat Ashe while waiting for you. Rest assured, our heart, body, and soul, only belong to you."

"As it should be."

William smiled as he pressed his lips over Morgana's forehead. As much as possible, he didn't want to leave, but he still needed to find Celine and ensure that she was doing well.

He didn't know how time worked in the Underworld, but according to his wives, it had been almost ten months since they arrived in the Underworld.

If that was true, then Celine might have already given birth to his child, while she was trapped in the World of the Dead. This possibility made William feel anxious because he didn't know what kind of situation she was in right now.

After bidding his goodbye, William jumped on the deck of Erinys' floating boat before turning around to face his wives.

"I'll see you all soon," William said. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Ashe, Princess Sidonie, and Morgana waved at him. Morgana even playfully blew a flying kiss to him, making the Half-Elf smile, as the flying ship started to ascend to head to the next Layer of Hell, which was called the Plains of Wrath.

William kept on looking at his wives until they disappeared from view. According to Erinys' they would need to hitch a ride on the River of Hell in order to arrive at their destination.

"We will arrive there in a week at the earliest," Erinys said as she stood beside William, who was still looking in the direction of Lust's Abode. "When we arrive there, prepare yourself. There is a high chance that you will get attacked the moment you step onto the Plains of Wrath."

William didn't reply as he continued to stare in the distance, while his hair lightly fluttered in the breeze. William's hair had gotten longer, and now rested on his back. It was tied with a small, silver butterfly hairpin, which Erinys' had purchased in order to tease the Half-Elf.

But, contrary to her expectations, William didn't mind it, and wore the hairpin that Erinys had bought with over a hundred thousand Hell Credits.

"I'm sorry, but if I remember correctly, you said that your fourth wife is pregnant with your child, right?" Erinys asked.

"Yes," William replied without even turning his head to look at the Half-ling standing beside her.

"... The Underworld is not a good place to give birth to a child," Erinys said softly. "Also… if she did give birth in the Underworld, it would be impossible to take the child out of this place without the permission of the God of Death."

William slowly turned his head towards Erinys, who was looking up at him.

"I will find a way," William stated. "Not even the God of Death can stop me."

"Don't push yourself too hard, okay?

"Mmm."

William smiled before ruffling the Half-ling's hair, which made the latter shout in surprise. A moment later, Erinys repeatedly pounded the Half-Elf's waist with her fists, as payback for making a mess of her hairstyle.

After a few minutes, the two went inside the cabin of the floating boat to rest. The black-haired teenager laid on the bed, and soon dozed off from exhaustion.

His three wives had made love to him until the last minute, milking him dry. It was as if they were trying to store up his essence inside their bodies, before they went into hibernation while he was away.

A few minutes later, the door of the bathroom opened and Erinys came out with her hair still wet. Due to her excessive thinking, she hadn't taken a bath before they left the Lust's Abode, so she decided to take one, while William was asleep.

Drying her hair with a towel, the Half-ling hummed as she took out a set of pajamas from her little closet. She out them on without much fuss before sitting on top of the bed, looking at the sleeping Half-Elf.

'You're too defenseless, Will,' Erinys thought. 'All I need to do is pinch a grape and allow its juices to enter your lips, trapping you here in the Underworld.'

Erinys' sighed before lying beside the Half-Elf, and resting her head on his chest.

Her friend, Calli, had told her things that had shaken her resolve. In truth, Erinys was still trying to understand what the Half-Elf meant to her.

A friend?

A close friend?

More than a friend, and less than a lover?

'Stupid Calli…,' Erinys sighed as she drew circles around the obsidian gem on William's chest with her fingers. 'What kind of friend would make their friend suffer in the Underworld? Doing that is the worst… and yet, I was almost tempted to do it.'

After being alone for several years, Erinys knew that she might have longed for a companion. Someone that would always be around and accompany her as they explored the hidden mysteries of the Underworld together.

She found William very pleasing to the eyes, and the Half-Elf treated her kindly, even going as far as spoiling her from time to time, like letting her sit on his lap while she watched T.V., and cuddling with him when she slept at night.

'His wives are so lucky,' Erinys mused as she raised her head to look down on William's sleeping face. 'They kissed him many times before we left.'

The Half-ling cautiously traced William's lips, and marveled at how soft they were.

Before she knew it, she was already lowering her head in order to press her lips over his. It was already too late for her to stop as if she was pulled down by the law of gravity, making her soft lips touch William's, with her eyes firmly closed.

A few seconds later she immediately pulled back as if she had been electrocuted by something. Placing her hands over her lips, she stared down at the sleeping Half-Elf, as her face slowly turned crimson.

As if sensing that something wasn't right, William sleepily opened his eyes to look at Erinys who was looking down at him with her hands firmly pressed over her lips.

"Erinys?" William lightly rubbed his eyes before propping himself up to a sitting position. "You shouldn't sleep on the bed with your hair still wet. How many times do I need to tell you that?"

The Half-Elf grabbed the hand towel that was currently lying on top of the bed and nonchalantly started to dry the Half-ling, whose cheeks were burning in shame and embarrassment.

'That was close' Erinys could feel and hear the strong beating of her heart inside her chest, as William wiped her hair with practiced movements.

This was not the first time he had done this thing, because he had already done this countless times with his lovers.

A few minutes later, Erinys' hair was finally dry after the Half-Elf used his wind ability to help dry it.

"Let's sleep," William said as he tossed the towel away and laid down on the bed. "Come."

With the Half-Elf's invitation, Erinys' obediently laid her head on his shoulder, and hugged him like a pillow. The Half-Elf, in turn hugged her back and planted a kiss on her forehead before going back to sleep.

This had been their regular routine when they were sleeping together due to Erinys' request. William wasn't aware that the Half-ling in his arms had slowly started to feel things she had never felt before.

Experience things she had never experienced before.

As the boat of the Ferryman sailed the River of Flames towards their destination, Erinys was starting to consider Calli's words, and make the Half-Elf who was holding her in a warm embrace, a part of her world.