Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

1311 The True Face Of Wrath [Part 1]

Celine softly patted the bulge in her abdomen with affection.Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

According to her Patron Goddess, her child would be born in a month's time, and she was looking forward to holding her baby in her arms.

However, two weeks ago, she started to feel a foreboding feeling in her heart. With every day that passed, this feeling that something bad would happen grew, making her feel anxious.

Then suddenly, she felt a familiar connection which made her blood turn cold. She had felt this exact same feeling back in the Demon Realm, so she was sure that she wasn't just overthinking things.

"He is here."

Celine knew with utmost certainty that the one person whom she didn't want to see in her life was now in the same plane as her. Fortunately, she was on the very top of the Tower of Wrath.

The beautiful Elf thought that Felix wouldn't be able to find her there, but two days later, one of the gatekeepers who took care of her on a daily basis, told her that there was a rowdy bunch that was trying to climb the tower.

When Celine asked who the leader of the group was, the gatekeeper said that it was a green-haired Demon that went by the name Felix.

With this revelation, she finally confirmed that the Heir of Darkness could sense her presence in the tower and was trying to climb it in order to find her.

While Celine was deep in thought, she felt a kick in her tummy, making her tear up.

"It's going to be fine," Celine said as if coaxing a child, while patting her belly to calm the little one that was starting a ruckus. "We are going to be fine."

The beautiful Elf started to hum a lullaby as she rubbed her belly. Although she knew that it was only a matter of time before Felix reached her location, she would do everything in her power to preserve the proof of William's love for her.

Death wasn't an option for her because, if she died, her child would also die. The only thing she could do was wait, and hope that the prison that held her in place, would be strong enough to prevent the green-haired Demon from taking away the life that she had protected since she had been brought to the Underworld by the God of Death.

"Will…," Celine muttered. "Give me strength."

That was the only thing Celine could say to herself as she dreaded the day that Felix would reach her location, and force her to submit to his will.

—---

"I'm getting close," Felix smirked as his entourage continued to climb the tower, fighting against the strongest opponents within the Plains of Wrath.

The Tower of Wrath was one big slaughterhouse where only the strong reigned supreme.

People living outside of the tower dared not to go in because they would just be slaughtered by the powerhouses that had been living inside the tower for dozens of years. The Four Wrathful Kings could freely go in and inside the tower whenever they pleased.

However, the farthest that they had gotten was only the middle-section of the Tower. Past that point, the true monsters of the Plains of Wrath lived, and even the Four Kings had to team up just to have a chance of winning against those strong beings.

After meeting Felix in the Plains of Wrath, the green-haired Demon managed to convince them to climb the Tower of Wrath with him and see what was on top of it. Naturally, the Four Kings didn't like to be bossed around, and decided to fight Felix.

All of them were of the Myriad Rank, and they were Monsters that lorded over the Plains of Wrath for hundreds of years. How could they possibly allow a newcomer to call the shots?

Unfortunately for them, Felix's strength was of the Demigod-Rank. The green-haired Demon was able to overpower them one by one, and gain their allegiance. With each Leader that he defeated, his army grew steadily in size until he became the Top Dog of the Plains of Wrath.

After gathering the strongest fighters he could find, Felix took them to the tower and fought their way up. Their group both had quality and quantity to their side, so even the stronger beings, who had been in the tower for a long time, were unable to stop their advance.

Finally, after several days of climbing the tower, they had reached the last few layers that would take them to the very top.

Felix could feel Celine's presence becoming stronger than ever, so he was very excited to reunite with her in the Underworld. With only a few floors remaining, the green-haired Demon knew that it was only a matter of time before he would see his Bride again.

"What are you looking at, Mongrel?" Felix asked the six-foot tall Hellhound whose entire body was burning in hell fire.

"Turn back, Demon," the Hellhound replied. "Everything beyond this point is under my protection. You are not allowed to continue moving forward."

The Hellhound was the Gatekeeper that was taking care of Celine. After being around the beautiful Elf for many months, it was easy for it to understand that the Elf was feeling anxious about the group that was headed to the top of the tower, where she was currently imprisoned.

Felix sneered. "Oh, really? What makes you think that you can stop me? Isn't that right, boys?"

The Four Wrathful Kings and their subordinates laughed as if finding the whole situation funny.

They had managed to move unhindered in the tower, and their confidence had grown a lot due to their winning streak. Because of this, they didn't believe that there was any creature inside the tower that could stop them. That was until now.

The Hellhound roared and unleashed its aura, making the Four Wrathful Kings and their subordinates stop laughing.

"Demigod," Felix arched an eyebrow. "But, so what? You're not the only Demigod around these parts."

Felix covered his body in black flames as if to ridicule the hell fire that the Hellhound was emitting on its body. A moment later, the two clashed, sending red, and black flames flying in every direction.

"What are you fools waiting for?" Felix growled as he blocked the Hellhounds fiery paws. "Attack it!"

The Wrathful Kings and their subordinates all gritted their teeths as they attacked the Hellhound, who served as the Gatekeeper of the topmost floor of the tower.

All of them knew that after it was defeated, they would finally be able to reach the top of the tower, which no one in the past thousands of years had managed to set their eyes on.

—--