1312 The True Face Of Wrath [Part 2]

The Hellhound's lifeless body hung on the wall impaled by several spears, holding it in place.

After fighting against Felix for nearly two hours, the injuries it accumulated, thanks to the green-haired Demon's cronies, piled up, allowing its opponent to seize an opportunity to inflict a lethal blow to its body.

Things went on a downward spiral from there, and even though it fought fiercely, despite its injuries, the outcome of the battle was decided the moment the Heir of Darkness gained an upper hand.

With the help of the Four Wrathful Kings, Felix overpowered their enemy until it drew its last breath, while hanging on the wall.

"Let's go," Felix gave the Hellhound one last glance before walking towards the stairs that would lead them to the next floor.

Now that the last hurdle blocking his way was gone, there was no stopping the green-haired demon from claiming the prize that was waiting for him at the top of the tower.

—----

Celine's body trembled as her connection with Felix intensified.

She had hoped beyond hope that the Gatekeeper would be able to defeat him, and stop the Heir of Darkness from reaching her. Unfortunately, her prayers weren't answered.

A moment later, a loud explosion was heard behind her, as the gate that barred anyone from entering her room was demolished.

"Knock knock…," Felix said as he entered the room with a devilish smile on his face. "So, this is where you are hiding, Celine."

The Elf had her back to the door, and the only thing that Felix could see was her long purple hair that rested behind her back.

She had been inside a silver cage that prevented her from escaping her prison ever since she had been taken to the Underworld. But, right now, her cage was the only thing protecting her from the green-haired Demon who was eyeing her with lustful eyes.

"What's wrong?" Felix asked as he walked towards the silver cage. "Aren't you glad to see me?"

Felix's teasing tone made Celine's skill crawl because he was the last being that she wanted to see in the Underworld.

Getting no response from the Elf, Felix decided to walk around the cage in order to see her face. However, Celine moved to match his movements, making the Heir of Darkness only see her back.

As a last attempt to hide the child in her womb, she had covered herself with a blanket, and ignored Felix's teasing for the next few minutes. However, it all ended when one of the Wrathful Kings said something that completely erased the smile on Felix's face.

"Felix, is this your wife?" an Ogre holding a spiked mace asked. "You didn't tell me that you were going to be a father. So, this is why you're so adamant about climbing the tower. Your pregnant wife is locked up on the top floor."

Felix took a step, and immediately appeared on the side of the cage that gave him a good vantage view of the beautiful Elf's face.

His eyes locked onto the slight bulge that could be seen under the blanket covering her body, which made his eyes immediately turn bloodshot.

"You slut!" Felix growled. "Who is the father of that devil spawn?!"

Since the secret was already out, Celine raised her head and stared at Felix fearlessly.

"A man who is many times better than you," Celine answered.

The Four Wrathful Kings who had heard the exchange immediately understood the situation.

"Hahaha! Felix got c*ckblocked!"

"Wow! Maybe I should give him a green hat as a gift. It will fit him perfectly."

"Fools! Hahaha! This is no laughing matter. This is actually serious."

"So you say, but aren't you laughing right now?"

Felix's face contorted in anger as he glared at his subordinates.

"Shut up!" Felix roared. "The next one who says a word will die!"

His face was already red from anger and embarrassment after learning that his bride was pregnant with someone else's child. This was something that made his blood boil, but suddenly, a pang of realization hit him.

"You're pregnant?" Felix reigned in his anger as he observed Celine's body with a critical gaze. "That's right. You didn't die. I see… so that's how it is."

A sinister glint flashed briefly inside the depths of Felix's eyes as an evil plan formed inside his head.

"I order you to punch your abdomen," Felix ordered. "Punch it… now!"

Celine's body trembled as her left hand immediately grabbed her right hand to hold it in place. Her body was starting to move regardless of her will, and it made her panic.

"Stop!" Celine shouted. "Stop this at once!"

Seeing that his order had taken effect, Felix laughed as his green eyes filled with malice locked onto the beautiful Elf, who was desperately doing her best to protect her child from being harmed by her own hands.

"Want me to stop?" Felix asked. "Beg me, and I will consider it."

"I beg of you, please, don't kill my child!" Celine pleaded in a heartbeat. "Please, don't kill him. I beg of you."

The once proud Elf who hadn't shed a single tear after she had been banished to the Southern Continent pleaded with tears in her eyes.

This motherly act fanned the flames of anger that Felix had held back inside his chest. He didn't expect Celine to not hesitate to throw away her pride in a heartbeat and beg him to spare her child.

Felix had expected the proud Elf to at least resist at first, and he would use that opportunity to make fun of her, but the reality in front of him made him clench his fists in anger instead.

"You are going to tell me who the father of your child is," Felix ordered. "Tell me now or I will order you to kill that child!"

"... Will," Celine replied through gritted teeth. "The father of my child is William Von Ainsworth."

A metallic sound spread throughout the room as Felix smashed his fist against the silver cage, causing white sparks to fly into the air.

"That filthy Half-Blood," Felix gnashed his teeth in anger. "I see. So it was him. Good! You did good!"

Felix punched the silver cage a second time, and this time, a dent appeared on it.

"Please… don't kill my child. I beg of you!" Celine wrapped her arms protectively around her abdomen as soon as the strong urge to punch her stomach disappeared.

Felix ignored Celine's pleading and continued to punch the silver cage until it slowly broke apart. A creaking sound echoed inside the room as the green-haired demon grabbed hold of the door of the silver cage and threw it away.

"You don't want that devil spawn to die? I can consider it," Felix said as he broke the silver cage in half, making the entire thing fall to the side, making the body of the defenseless Elf inside it tremble.

"What do you want?" Celine asked. She knew that this was the moment of truth and she couldn't afford to antagonize Felix any longer for the sake of her child's survival.

"Become my woman, in heart, body and soul," Felix replied as he walked towards the Elf.

When he was close enough to grab her, he extended his right hand towards her long purple hair and pulled it upwards, making Celine grimace in pain.

"Satisfy me, and I will consider sparing your child," Felix's voice was filled with killing intent as he whispered in Celine's ears. "If you don't satisfy me then…"

Felix moved his left hand to caress the bulge on Celine's abdomen in order to make her understand that her child's life was completely at his mercy.

He planned to use Celine's love for her child to break her little by little. Of course, Felix had no intention of allowing William's baby to live. He would just spare it for the time being to force Celine to agree to all of his requests.

He wanted to make her submit.

He wanted to make her fall.

He wanted to make her unable to live without him.

Just as Felix's hand was about to touch Celine's abdomen, the wall right next to them exploded, and a golden staff smashed into his chest, sending him crashing into the wall on the opposite side.

Everyone in the room was shocked at the sudden turn of events because they didn't expect something like that to happen.

Sunlight spread inside the room coming from the hole in the wall. However, a shadow fell upon it as a black-haired teenager appeared inside the room, making the beautiful Elf cover her lips, as tears streamed down her face.

"It seems that all of you haven't died enough."

A voice filled with killing intent spread inside the room, making everyone who saw the newcomer feel their hearts tremble inside their chest.

William wrapped his left arm around Celine, while his right summoned the golden staff back into his right hand.

"Tell me, you fools who dared to harm the mother of my child," William said as black flames sprouted from his back, forming four pairs of black wings, "have you seen the true face of Wrath?"

No one dared to answer his question because the strength that was emanating from William's body was enough to make them understand that this was a person that they couldn't afford to mess with.

"No?" William arched his eyebrow. "Good. I will let all of you understand… what the true face of Wrath looks like."Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

A thunderous clap of thunder reverberated across the Plains of Wrath, causing everyone to glance in the direction of the Black Tower in the distance.

Those who were close to it gasped in shock as several pieces of the tower started to fall to the ground. This had never happened in the past, and all of them was curious about what could have caused such a thing to happen

Soon, the sound of screams filled the surroundings as the Four Wrathful Kings found themselves falling to their deaths, alongside their subordinates.

But before they could even hit the ground, countless black lightning bolts descended from the sky, searing their bodies with black flames and making them howl in pain. At the top of the tower, Felix stared in horror at the face of the person whom he didn't want to see in the Underworld.

William's usual calm face was now distorted in wrath, making the Heir of Darkness remember the creature who had tormented him, and made him experience true horror, until he drew his last breath.

"N-No!" Felix hurriedly backed away. "Stay away!"

A minute later, he jumped off the tower and flew away in panic. His fear of the William who had fought Aka Manah was ingrained in his very soul, destroying all thoughts of resistance.

The Half-Elf watched as the green-haired Demon flew away in haste with a sneer.

"As if I'll let you go that easily," William said in contempt as he pointed his finger at the fleeing Demon who didn't want to fight him at all cost.

"The Power I wield will obliterate one and all," William's golden eyes glowed as the dark clouds in the heavens swirled, waiting with bated breath for the call of their Lord. "Pierce through the Darkness and hear my call!"

The Thunderclouds illuminated the surroundings, bathing the entire Plains of Wrath in the radiance of countless lightning bolts.

"Thunder God's Wrath!"