Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1313 The True Face Of Wrath [Part 3]

A few minutes before Felix broke Celine's Cage…

William, who was running towards the Black Tower, felt cold sweat streaming down the side of his face.

He felt as if he was having trouble breathing as the nagging feeling inside his brain started to intensify.

Suddenly, from the distance he heard Celine's heartbreaking shout, which made him feel as if a stone had been lodged inside his heart.

"Stop!"

"Stop this at once!"

"I beg of you, please, don't kill my child!"

"Please, don't kill him. I beg of you."

William roared as he summoned Ruyi Jingu Bang.

"Optimus, assist me!" William ordered. "Lock on to Celine's coordinates!"

< Understood! >

The System immediately went to work and calculated Celine's exact location in the tower, despite the view being covered by the thick clouds in the sky.

< Coordinates locked on! Go! Will! >

"Quick Shot War Art, Fusion Form,' William roared.

"Blitzer Railgun!"

Just like an arrow loosed from its bow, William flew towards the top of the tower surpassing the speed of sound.

The Black Tower was still a great distance away from him, but this gap had been covered in a matter of seconds.

Originally, no one would be able to break the walls of the Tower of Wrath because it was made from a special material that not even the strongest blows could destroy.

However, using William's Rule Breaker ability and Ruyi Jingu Bang's power, they smashed through the walls of the tower without too much resistance.

However, as soon as he entered the room, William saw Felix pulling Celine's hair with his right hand, and his left about to touch her abdomen. This scene infuriated William as he smashed the golden staff against Felix's chest, sending him flying.

After disengaging from the fusion form, William landed beside Celine, and held her waist with his left arm.

The Half-Elf wouldn't allow anyone to harm his first love in the World of Hestia, as well as their unborn child. Anyone who dared to try would face his wrath!

"Tell me, you fools who dared to harm the mother of my child," William said as black flames sprouted from his back, forming four pairs of black wings, "have you seen the true face of Wrath?"

"No? Good. I will let all of you understand… what the true face of Wrath looks like."

Without another word, he swung Ruyi Jingu Bang around him, smashing Felix's minions, as well as the walls of the top-most floor of the tower, making it collapse.

The people, and monsters that had followed Felix found themselves falling to their deaths, but William had no intention in giving them the easy way out.

With his command, countless black lightning bolts descended upon the falling bastards, searing their bodies with black flames, making them scream in pain.

While all this was happening, William looked at his Master, whose tears were still streaming down her face.

"It's going to be fine, Master," William said softly before planting a kiss on her tear-stained cheeks. "I won't let them hurt you and our child."

Celine wrapped her arms around the Half-Elf as she rested her chin on his shoulder. Her body shuddered from time to time as her tears fell freely on the black-haired teenager's tunic, drenching it completely.

She felt both happiness and relief at the same time.

Happiness because William had come to save her, and relief because her child was now safe from harm.

She had prepared herself to suffer humiliation and agree to Felix's demands in an effort to save her child. In the past, she would not allow herself to bow and submit to anyone, but after carrying the child in her womb for more than ten months, something inside her had changed.

Celine had suffered a lot during her childhood, and even cursed the world for giving her such a fate. But, after becoming pregnant with William's child, and staying in the Underworld—trapped in her cage—she suddenly had some free time to think about herself, and what the future would hold.

In that future, she could see herself raising her child with the love and care that she didn't experience in the past.

She intended to spoil, and educate her child to become a good person, and to not live their life in despair and hatred.

Celine had decided to dedicate her life to raising her child and become the best mother in the world.

The mother she never had, and would never have in this lifetime.

"Y-You! What are you doing here?!" Felix asked as he propped himself from the floor. "

William shifted his attention from his lover, to the hateful, green-haired Demon, who attempted to make her suffer in his hands.

The Half-Elf's face contorted in anger as the images of "what might-have-been" appeared in his mind.

In one of those images, Celine was kneeling on the floor while servicing Felix's… with her lips, while her arms were wrapped around her abdomen, in a protective gesture.

This scene alone brought out an intense feeling of hate that came from William's very soul, making him look at Felix with a wrathful expression on his face.

"N-No!" Felix hurriedly backed away. "Stay away!"

The Heir of Darkness didn't hesitate to jump off the tower and fly away in order to escape William's wrathful eyes that glowed so bright, they were like two miniature suns that wanted to burn him alive.

"As if I'll let you go that easily."

"Thunder God's Wrath!"

A blinding light illuminated the world, forcing everyone, with the exception of the Half-Elf, whose eyes burned even brighter, to close and shield their eyes.

His gaze was firmly locked on the green-haired Demon who was being ravaged by countless lightning bolts, giving him no room for escape and letting him experience an otherworldly pain that tore through his very soul.

A few minutes later, Felix's body dissipated into a red mist that flew away from the tower.

The Half-Elf cold gaze firmly locked on it as he gave Optimus another order.

'Put a trace on him,' William ordered. 'I don't care how much it costs. Just do it. Make sure that it will not disappear even after he dies over and over again.'Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

< Understood! >

< Tracker successfully placed! He will not be able to run away unless he manages to enter the Cycle of Reincarnation! >

William gazed at Felix's soul until it disappeared into the horizon. He had no intention of letting the green-haired Demon go that easily. He would hunt him over, and over again, until the wrath that was burning in his chest was gone completely.

"Is it over?"

A voice that made his heart skip a beat reached his ears.

"Yes," William replied. "It is over."

The Half-Elf let go of Ruyi Jingu Bang, leaving the weapon to hover beside him. He then held Celine in a protective embrace, making sure that he didn't apply too much pressure on her abdomen.

"How?" Celine asked as she cupped William's face. "Don't tell me you died? Did Ahriman kill you? Felix is here, so it means that he died. But, did you die with him?"

William smiled before pressing his forehead over Celine's.

"I didn't die," William replied. "Felix died, while Ahriman escaped. Don't worry. The Goddess Adephagia ate his Primordial Body. Only his soul escaped to the void. He won't be bothering us anytime soon."

Celine breathed a sigh of relief because she thought that William had also died. Now that her greatest crisis had passed, she felt as if her legs had turned to jelly, making her lean on the black-haired teenager completely.

William supported her body before giving her a long, and passionate kiss on the lips. Celine didn't resist, and returned William's kiss with her feelings of love.

When she was taken to the Underworld, alongside the souls of Ashe, Princess Sidonie, Morgana, and Chiffon, she thought that William had died in the hands of the God of Darkness and Chaos.

But, her Patron Goddess, Lyssa, came to visit her and told her that William was very much alive and was currently raising an army to fight against Felix and Ahriman, who had started their conquest of the Central Continent.

Due to certain restrictions, Lyssa wasn't able to stay for long. However, before she left, she promised to visit Celine when her child was about to be born.

The Underworld was no place to give birth to a child because it would only cause harm to the newborn baby. Perhaps striking a deal with Thanatos, Lyssa had assured Celine that she would take her to a place where she could give birth to a healthy baby.

In return, she would stay locked up in the Tower of Wrath until the day of her delivery.

Celine had agreed to the condition, and had lived in the tower since then.

However, now that William had arrived, she didn't know what would happen next.

As if sensing her anxiety, William held her hand and gave it a light squeeze.

"Let's go," William said as he used the power of wind to make him and Celine float in the air.

"To where?" Celine asked. "I am not allowed to leave this place. The God of Death…"

"It's fine." William patted Celine's hand. "We will be seeing him soon."

William raised his head to look at the Heavens. He could feel that someone was observing him from a place that he couldn't see. However, he had a hunch that the person that was monitoring him was the same person that he wanted to meet.

'Wait for me, Thanatos,' William said as he carried Celine in a princess carry, making sure that she was in a comfortable position. 'I will come for you soon.'