Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"F-Forgive me!" Felix pleaded as his red mist hovered within the spawning area of the Plains of Wrath. "I didn't know that you were here. If I had known, I would have never touched Celine!"

William didn't say anything. Instead, a thunderous clap answered for him. 

A lightning bolt that had taken the shape of a Dragon descended upon Felix, as well as the other red mists that were near the Heir of Darkness, and dispersed them like leaves that were swept away by a giant broom.

Shouts of pain, frustration, and grievances spread in the surroundings as the Lightning Dragon rampaged at the will of its Master, whose eyes had locked onto the scattered mists of the green-haired Demon, who had a tracker embedded in his soul.

Over and over, before they could even reform their bodies, their souls were being tortured non-stop, making the other red mists, that had almost formed their bodies, flee in fear that they would be attacked by the Lightning Dragon.

They had noticed that it seemed to be targeting a specific soul, who had tried to hide among the other souls in order to escape the Half-Elf's wrath.

Unfortunately for him, there was no place he could go because the tracker on his soul wouldn't disappear even after dying several times.

For half a day, the spawning area of the Plains of Wrath had become a slaughterhouse. 

The souls that had died from William's earlier lightning strike around the Tower of Wrath, who had been killed randomly, internally cursed as the black-haired teenager, who now looked like a devil in their eyes, mercilessly tortured anyone and everyone he could see.

"Um, the higher ups have sent me because an abnormality appeared on this layer. You are Erinys' friend, William, right?" Calli, who had been tasked by her superiors to check on the abnormality that was happening on the Plains of Wrath, said with an anxious expression on her face. "Can you please stop this? You're making things difficult for the staff in charge of this layer of the Underworld."

The Souls who had been tortured repeatedly by William glanced at the Ferryman who was standing on her flying boat with gratitude.

"Is she an angel? Did she come to save us?"

"Finally! Our savior is here!"

"Sob… I didn't know that dying repeatedly like this would hurt so much. Please, can you take this madman away from here?"

"Take him away!"

"Punish him!"

"Banish him!"

"Kill him!"

Soon chants of "Kill him" spread in the surroundings as the vengeful souls all shouted in unison.

William, who had shifted his attention to the Ferryman of the Underworld, glanced at the souls who were shouting for his demise.

Immediately, a pin-drop silence descended upon the spawning area. None dared to anger the black-haired devil who had momentarily stopped the Lightning Dragon from attacking all of them.

"You know Erinys?" William asked.

"Yes!" Calli answered. "I'm her bestest, best friend! We've known each other since forever!"

"Is that the truth?"

"Of course! If you want, you can ask her! I'm telling the truth, so, please don't hurt me, okay? I haven't bought any life insurance plans from our company."

Calli breathed a sigh of relief because her plan to use Erinys name to calm the rampaging Half-Elf worked. In truth, she was afraid to even talk to the Half-Elf because she was afraid that she would also get attacked by him.

If not for the fact that her superior had threatened to keep her salary for the next six months if she didn't fix this problem, she would have definitely remained a spectator and waited until the Half-Elf had quelled his anger.

Originally, the guards of the Underworld would be dispatched to handle any wrongdoers within the Underworld. However, after seeing the maddening thunderstorm that had rocked the entire Plains of Wrath, all of them decided to sit this one out and pass the problem to someone else, forcing Calli's superior to send her over like a sacrificial lamb to smooth things out.

William crossed his arms over his chest as he appraised the Ferryman who was very different from Erinys.

In his eyes, the pretty lady with long brown hair, and eyes, didn't really match the vibe of a Ferryman. But, after spending some time with the little Half-ling, he understood that the Ferryman of the Underworld was not as scary as their title seemed to make them out to be.

"What will you do if I don't stop?" William asked, making all the red mists in the spawning area shudder uncontrollably. 

"I-If you don't stop… the enforcers will come to apprehend you," Calli stuttered. "They are very strong, you know? You don't want to get on their bad side."

William glanced in the direction where Felix's soul was located. The green-haired demon had hidden himself among the other souls, and was doing his best to stay out of sight.

"I can stop on one condition," William said before pointing in the direction where Felix's soul was located. "I want that soul thrown in the River of Hell."

"Soul?" Calli blinked before shifting her gaze to the large cloud of rest mist that William was pointing at. "Which one?"

The souls had all lumped together, which made it impossible for her to identify which soul the black-haired teenager was talking about.

A moment later, William waved his hand and the lightning dragon dispersed. Tendrils of lightning flew towards the lump of souls, making them scatter. A moment later, the tendrils of lightning formed a cage, and enclosed Felix's soul, making the latter unable to escape.

"This soul," William stated. "As long as he is thrown into the River of Hell, I will stop at once."

Calli took out a pair of glasses and stared at the soul that was locked in a lightning prison. 

"Soul Identification Number: 09875422154564, Felix Hal Gremory," Calli stated as she read the information about Felix's soul. "Crimes are genocide, rape, and other major offenses, such as kidnapping the soon-to-be High Priestess of a God. 

"The Ferryman who had ferried him across the Underworld decided to send him to the Plains of Wrath first before sending his soul to the River of Hell for two hundred years. Only after that, would he be eligible to enter the Cycle of Reincarnation… hiss…. This guy is a big fish."

Calli didn't expect that such a person was currently in the Plains of Wrath. Usually, she would not do anything and simply let the term decided by the Ferryman responsible for Felix come to pass, but in order to pacify William, her superior had said that everything was negotiable.

"You want him sent to the River of Hell?" Calli asked.

William nodded.

"After that you will no longer cause trouble here?" Calli inquired.

"Yes," William replied. "I will leave this place and no longer cause any trouble for everyone."

Calli adjusted her glasses as she gazed at William with a solemn look. Five minutes later, she reluctantly nodded her head and agreed to the Half-Elf's condition.

"I will take him to the River of Hell so he can serve his 200 year sentence," Calli replied. "After that, I will return him here to the Plains of Wrath to finish the rest of his punishment. Is that acceptable to you?"

William nodded.  Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

He didn't know if he could convince the God of Death to free Celine from the Underworld. If he failed, the beautiful Elf might be sent to the Tower of Wrath again, but William wouldn't be able to rest easy knowing that Felix was also on the same plane of existence as her.

Since that was the case, he was fine with the green-haired demon being tossed to the River of Flames to suffer for two hundred years, while he negotiated with the God of Death.

As long as Felix wasn't able to threaten Celine, he would agree to stop his harassment of the souls that had been brought to the Plains of Wrath.

Calli waved her hand, and the lightning prison flew towards the deck of her boat. Felix had complicated feelings because he didn't know which one was worse. The River of Flames or William's unending torture. 

"I will take my leave now," Calli said. "Please keep your word. Also, please take care of Erinys for me. She has been lonely for a very long time."

After saying her parting words, Calli urged her flying boat to rise to the next layer of Hell. 

She was afraid that if she stayed longer, William would change his mind, and her salary for the next six months in the Underworld…

Would disappear right before her eyes.