Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Erinys' flying boat sailed smoothly towards the Tenth Layer of the Underworld, using an exclusive path that was only open to the Ferryman of the Underworld.

During the journey, Erinys had shut herself up inside her room. She didn't come out even though William had repeatedly called out to her.

The Half-ling would only say that the black-haired teenager shouldn't disturb her because navigating the boat required all of her concentration, leaving William no other choice but to leave her alone.

This setup continued until they finally arrived at the final layer of the Underworld, which was called the Aetherius.

Many souls had wanted to reach this top-most layer because it was the place that had a gate that led directly to the Elysian Fields. 

The Elysian Fields, or Elysium for short, was the final resting place of Heroes and Virtuous individuals that had made great contributions to the world when they were still alive.

This was the promised paradise, that equaled Heaven, and the destination that everyone in the Underworld wanted to reach.

Erinys' flying boat headed straight to the port, and parked in one of the vacant places that was reserved for the Ferryman of the Underworld.

"We have arrived," Erinys' tired voice reached William's ears. 

A moment later, the door of Erinys room opened and the little girl, whom he hadn't seen for the past six days emerged with dark circles under her eyes.

William immediately walked up to her to crouch down to see if she was alright, but Erinys just shook her head and prevented William from touching her.

"This is Aetherius," Erinys replied. "The Tenth Circle of the Underworld, and the gateway that leads to the Elysian Fields. If you wish to talk to the God of Death, you will find him in that castle over there."

Erinys pointed at a towering castle in the distance that seemed to have been inspired by a horror film.

"You should go now," Erinys said before turning around to return to her cabin. "I am tired, and I will rest. Do me a favor and don't disturb me. I haven't slept for the past six days of our journey. Goodbye, Will. May you find the happiness you are looking for in the Underworld."

A moment later, the cabin door shut tightly, leaving the Half-Elf staring at it with a complicated look on his face.

He could tell that Erinys was really exhausted, but aside from that, she was clearly avoiding him. William didn't know what had transpired between the little girl and his lover, Celine. 

But, right after he returned from dealing with Felix, the Half-ling's attitude towards him had taken a ninety-degree turn, making him feel as if he had done something wrong towards Erinys, who was now treating him coldly.

Celine sighed internally as she looked at the Half-Elf that was still staring at the cabin door. She had a serious talk with Erinys while William was away, and understood that the little girl still didn't understand her true feelings towards the black-haired teenager who looked so lost at the moment.

"Let's go, Will," Celine said as she wrapped her arms behind William, giving him a hug. "Let her rest. She's earned it."

William didn't reply and remained rooted in place for two more minutes before reluctantly nodding his head. He then carried Celine in a princess carry before flying in the direction of the gloomy palace in the distance.

"Goodbye, Will," Erinys muttered as she gazed at the Dark Prince who was carrying his lover to meet with the God of Death. "This is goodbye."

Erinys sighed before laying on her bed to sleep. She had been thinking a lot for the past six days. During that time, she had already steeled herself to part with William. This was why she firmly rejected his touch when he came over to check her condition.

The Half-ling knew that the longer she dwelled on the topic, the sadder she would be. This was why she had drunk a Heart Numbing Potion before leaving her room, so her emotions would be suppressed, preventing her from feeling anything for an hour.

If not for the potion, she might have broken down and clung to William while crying. She would have wailed in his arms, telling him not to leave her behind. 

But, Erinys couldn't do that.

She couldn't be selfish.

She wasn't the Lead Heroine of the story, and merely a supporting character.

Since her role had ended, she should just quietly take her bow and leave the stage, allowing the Main Actors to shine in the spotlight.

"I'm tired…," Erinys muttered. "Finally, it's over."Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

As soon as those words escaped the Half-ling's lips, she fell into a deep, and dreamless sleep. Not knowing when she would wake up again.

—-----

An hour later, William arrived at the Palace of the Underworld.

Since he was carrying Celine, he didn't travel too fast because she might feel uncomfortable during the journey. Although the beautiful Elf didn't mind getting roughed up a bit, William did, so their arrival at the castle was delayed by half an hour.

"We have been expecting you, Sir Ainsworth," a lady with long black hair bowed respectfully to the Half-Elf as soon as he landed on the gates of the palace. "Please, follow me. His Excellency is already waiting for you in the throne room."

William and Celine exchanged a glance before nodding their heads in unison. 

Now that they were about to meet the Boss of the Underworld, they no longer needed to hesitate, and followed the guide that had been waiting for their arrival.

From within the Palace, a pair of crimson eyes looked at the Half-ling who was sleeping inside her flying ship. Her disheveled and haggard condition made faint ripples pass through their crimson depths.

A moment later, dark clouds covered the tenth layer of the Underworld. Clearly, whoever was sitting on the throne of Death at the moment was in a very bad mood, which affected the weather around him.