William found himself staring at a giant gate with a white skull at its center. Beyond the gate was the throne room where the God that ruled over the Underworld was waiting for him.

"Please, enter," the black-haired lady politely bowed to William. "This is as far as I go. I bid you a good day."

Without another word, the black-haired lady walked away without a backward glance. Her role was complete, and it was now time for her to attend to her other duties that required her immediate attention.

William took a step forward and pressed his hands over the gate, pushing it open. He didn't exert a lot of strength, and only opened a gap wide enough for him to enter.

"You've kept me waiting, Half-Elf."

A cold voice, that didn't bear a single trace of warmth, reached William's ears as soon as he stepped inside the throne room.

William didn't reply and walked forward. His steps were steady as he made his way towards the giant throne where a figure draped in a black robe sat.

"Greetings, Your Excellency," William said as he gave the God of Death a respectful bow. "Thank you for not kicking me out of your Domain the moment I arrived. I am here today because of your benevolence and mercy."

"Well, I almost did," Thanatos replied. His voice reeked with restrained anger that threatened to burst out at any minute. "You're just lucky that some troublesome Goddesses are on your side. But, enough of that. Let's talk about the reason why you came to see me."

William nodded his head. He also didn't plan to make any small talk to prolong his conversation with the God of Death. He assumed that the Goddesses that Thanatos was talking about were the Trinity of Adephagia, Astrid, and Lyssa. 

These were the three Goddesses that had descended to Hestia when Ahriman decided to attack him. Since that was the case, he decided to start the negotiation for the lives of the women he loved. 

"I wish to take the souls of my wives, as well as my lover, Celine, back to the Surface World," William stated. "Name your price."

The God of Deaths snorted before snapping his fingers.

The throne room became pitch-black with nothing to see aside from William's glowing golden eyes, and Thanatos' crimson eyes.

A few seconds later, images appeared above them showing the battle that recently happened in the Ainsworth Empire. The black-haired teenager's expression became serious as he watched the forces of the Holy Order of Light clashed with his subordinates, who were just defending his empire.  Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

A few minutes later, William saw how Loxos was captured by the enemy, and how she suffered under the Pope's hands. He also saw his First Wife, Wendy, fight against a black-haired young lady wielding a bow, who was perched on top of a Roc.

The images didn't have any sound in them, so William simply watched as the event transpired. He felt relieved when he saw the Six-Eared Macaque and the Bull Demon King rescue Loxos from the Pope's hands and taken back to where her sisters were.

After losing their hostage, the Pope alongside her subordinates left in haste. The scene once again returned to Wendy's fight, and Thanatos paused the battle to let William take a good look at the black-haired beauty who had a sneer on her face, as she aimed her arrow at the Valkyrie whom William hadn't seen for quite some time.

"I want her dead," Thanatos stated. "Kill her and I will return the soul of your wives, as well as Celine to the surface world. This is the price you need to pay for an equivalent exchange."

William rubbed his chin as he gazed at the black-haired beauty that was frozen in time. 

"Well, she sure is ugly," William said after gazing at the black-haired lady for a full minute. "She must have really ticked you off for you to ask for her life."

"She didn't tick me off," Thanatos replied. "I have no quarrel with her. I just want her soul in exchange for your wives. That's it."

"Well, I have no problem with that. So, what is her name?"

"Belle. Her name is Belle."

"Belle…," William muttered. "Very well. I will kill this Belle for you. After that you will keep your word, right?"

Thanatos nodded. "Yes. Kill her and our transaction is complete. I will keep my word."

William nodded. The moment he saw Belle's face, an anger that came from the darkness of his heart surfaced. He understood that he was being influenced by the Power of Darkness inside his heart, but for such anger to appear made him feel as if his heart was about to burst.

​ After calming himself down, he glanced at the fading image above him one last time before the throne room returned to its normal state. 

"Can I now return to the Surface World?" William asked. 

"You can," Thanatos replied. "I give you permission to return to the Surface World. Just remember, when you take the flight of stairs leading back to your world, you are not allowed to look back. Once you do, you will be trapped here in the Underworld, unable to leave."

"Understood." William nodded. "I will just first say my goodbye to a person that helped me along the way. This won't take long."

"There's no need to say your goodbye," Thanatos snorted. "You may go."

Thanatos once again snapped his fingers, making the Half-Elf disappear from the throne room. 

"You've already hurt her enough." Thanatos scoffed. "Saying goodbye will break her completely."

When William opened his eyes, he found himself staring at a flight of stairs leading towards a golden portal.

The throne room and the God of Death were gone, and what replaced it was a pin-drop silence, making the Half-Elf feel bitter because he wasn't able to say a proper goodbye to the Half-ling who had accompanied him on his journey through the Underworld.