Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The sound of kissing, and sweet sighs of pleasure echoed inside the walls of William's room.

Right after the conference ended, Chloee dragged William to his room, and pinned him down on the bed. 

A moment later, his clothes were stripped off of his body and thrown on the floor without another word.

William's lovers, one by one entered the room to have a piece of the action as well. The last one to enter was Loxos, and the young Nymph made sure to lock the door properly to ensure that they wouldn't be disturbed.

"Will… Mhm… Kiss… Chu…"

"Your hands… move them… please, Will."

"Y-You're tongue… hah! No… don't be too… Hah... rough… don't… Mmm! Suck it too hard!"

This was not the first time that William had made love with multiple women, but somehow, this time it was different.

All of his lovers were like untended fields that had been left to dry for too long. Now that he had returned, they wanted to be filled to the brim, so that the loneliness that they felt when he was away would be sated.

From his fingers, his toes, his ears, lips, arms, legs, thighs, chests, every part of him was being kissed, licked, nibbled, and marked. 

Every part of him was being used by his lovers to make themselves, and him, feel good. 

Even Princess Aila, who was the most reserved among his lovers, was taking the initiative to lick, and kiss his manhood, alongside Loxos, who was dying to have William's strong, and peerless member inside of her.

William didn't resist his lovers' advances, and used everything he had to return the favor. 

Several hours later, he held Princess Aila in his embrace, and kissed her lips passionately. He had just released his essence inside of her womb, making it overflow, and staining the sheets which were covered with traces of the love he made with all of his lovers.

Most of them had already lost consciousness, with his seed spilling from their parched gardens, because they had been sated completely. 

The Half-Elf had filled them all to the brim, until they passed out from pleasure and exhaustion.

"I love you, Will," Princess Aila said as soon as their lips parted. "I love you."

William caressed the side of his face and stared back at her.

"I love you too, Aila," William replied. "Rest for now."

"Un." Princess Aila allowed William to lay her down on the bed where his other lovers were also resting.

As soon as the angelic beauty rested her head on the soft pillow, she fell asleep instantly, leaving William to clean her body with a cleaning spell.

When everything was over. The Half-Elf glanced at his lovers who were sprawled all around him. Their young, and titillating bodies were laid bare for him to see. Any one of them could make any mortal men howl like lustful wolves, and ravage them day in and day out.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

However, these ladies would never show this vulnerable side of them to anyone.

He was the only one whom they would allow to touch them, kiss them, and make love with them.

Yes, they were William's women. 

Every single one of them.

His, and his alone.

Never to be touched by any other man, but him.

William waved his hand and lifted their bodies with his magic. He then applied a cleaning spell on them before laying them down on the bed, so that they could sleep comfortably.

The Half-Elf gave his lovers one last glance before leaving the room. He walked down the silent hallways as he donned himself with new clothes.

Erinys was currently inside the Thousand Beast Domain, under Medusa's surveillance. She might come to his Villa at any given moment, and he didn't want her to see him walking around naked.

When he arrived at the Floor of Asgard, he found out from Nisha that Wendy, and Estelle had left the Ainsworth Empire, and had gone somewhere in the Central Continent.

However, they left Amelia and Priscilla behind.

Amelia was Wendy's friend in the academy, who had brought them to her barony to ask for help. 

Priscilla was Princess Sidonie's trusted subordinate, and also served as William's Vice-Captain when he was still leading his Angorian War Sovereign. 

They were the ladies who played significant roles when William was still in the Hellan Royal Academy.

'It was like only yesterday when I enrolled in the academy,' William thought as he stared outside the window. 'But, those days are over.'

The Half-Elf sighed as the memories of his childhood trickled through his head. However, his memories were not complete. 

When Elliot died, when Conan died, half of his soul died as well and, along with it, some of his memories had also faded away.

He could only remember bits and pieces, but it was no longer important.

None of it mattered.

'Belle,' William thought. 'All I need to do is kill you, and everything I've lost will return to me.'

The black-haired teenager's golden pupils glowed faintly as he looked at the night-time sky. 

'Wendy, Estelle, where did the two of you go?' William sighed. 'Couldn't you have waited until I returned?'

Wendy and Estelle were the first two girls that he had met when he was young. Growing up, they had shared many hardships with him and, before he left for the Central Continent, he married Wendy secretly in the Temple where he and Est had taken the Trial of Courage.

They were too young back then to consummate their wedding, and Ashe was also aggrieved that the two of them decided to wed on their own. Because of this… she joined them and also got "married" to William.

Ashe became the Half-Elf's second wife, taking a step ahead of Estelle, who at that time was unaware of Wendy's antics, making him have a nice… and very long talk with her, after they returned to the Lont.

Due to that, Est became grumpy and only told William that she would marry him once her curse was lifted. 

The Half-Elf had already long decided to lift the curse on Est's, Ashe's, and Isaac's bodies, so going to the Central Continent was already a done deal. But, before he left, he made a promise to Est.

As soon as the curse was lifted, he would return to the Southern Continent to marry her.

But, one thing led to another.

After he managed to free them from the curse that plagued their bodies, the Half-Elf found himself inside a raging storm, where he had no choice but to see everything till the end.

"I hope the two of you come back soon," William said softly. "I have many promises to keep. Promises that I want to keep."

Just as William was about to walk away, he saw two little girls chasing each other, while mounted on Angorian Goats. 

They were none other than Medusa and Erinys, who were playing tag with each other. But, with a twist.

They were mounted on William's first comrades in arms, Echo and Myr. Two of the four girls among the thirteen goats that served the Half-Elf alongside Ella.

The two looked so happy, and Medusa was even giggling. Erinys would have done the same, but she had lost her voice before she left the Underworld.

The black-haired teenager smiled as he watched the two frolic and wander around the Thousand Beast Domain.

He knew that this peace and happiness was only temporary. 

A few days from now, he, as well as the entirety of his King's Legion, would attack the Palace of Light in order to end this war with the Pope, once and for all.