Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"Your Majesty, a notice has arrived!" an Amazon warrior reported as soon as she entered the throne room.

Empress Andraste, who sat on the throne made a gesture for her to come close so that she could read the scroll that the messenger was carrying.

Lilith was also in the throne room, and simply waited for her mother to finish reading the letter before asking her about its contents. 

After the Amazon Princess left the Tower of Babylon, she returned to the Amazon Empire, and became her mother's personal aide when it came to matters concerning war, as well as the current geopolitics that were happening across the Central Continent.

She had wanted to go back to William's side, but her mother prevented her from doing so. 

Empress Andraste was someone who didn't lack foresight. She could tell that the Holy Order of Light was hell bent on attacking the Ainsworth Empire and claiming it as its own. Even if she wanted to help, it was impossible to deal with the Pseudo-Gods under the Pope's Banner.

Although the Amazon Empire had an artifact that could deal with those powerful beings, it was more defensive in nature. It had protected the Amazon Empire since the time it was founded, and it was impossible to transfer it to another place without risking the chance of facing their Goddess Astarte's wrath. 

"Hah! This boy really knows how to make people laugh," Empress Andraste pounded the armchair of her throne after reading William's letter. "Lilith, read this as well. Your future husband really knows how to crack a joke."

The Amazon Princess took the scroll and began reading its contents. She was quite curious about what her mother meant when she said that her future husband knew how to crack a joke. 

,m —----

FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

To the rulers of every nation in the Central Continent…

I, William Von Ainsworth, hereby declare war against the Holy Order of Light. 

I have endured their repeated acts of violence inside my domain, and decided that it is now time to put an end to their one-sided tyranny. 

Let it be known that I only intend to fight against the forces of the Holy Order. However, if any of you were to decide to side with them, I will also recognize you as my enemy.

If you are afraid of living, be my guest and join them. I am itching to kill those who want to antagonize me. The more dead people the better. Corpses make the best fertilizers, so I plan to sell them in bulk to those who want to enrich their fields in the future.

P.S

I want to co-exist and work alongside everyone to achieve peace for the entire world. After my battle with the Holy Order of Light, you have my solemn promise that I will not extend my borders or conquer other lands. 

Let us all strive to erase the organization who hides under the banner of light, when in truth, the Pope who leads it is just a greedy pig that wants to have the entire Central Continent, as well as the Demonic Continent, for herself.

I will rid the world of this annoying b*tch and banish her soul to the Rivers of Hell. 

Lastly, make sure you know which side to choose. Hell awaits for those who choose the wrong side.

—----

Instead of laughing, Lilith only gripped the scroll in her hands tightly.

"Your Majesty, I wish to…"

"Go. I give you permission to be with your man. But, remember this Lilith. The Amazon Empire will not choose any sides. We will just watch from the side, and watch as the Palace of Light burns to ashes."

Lilith didn't expect her mother to already know what she was thinking. However, since she had already gotten the Empress' permission, she no longer wasted any time and made preparations to travel to the Ainsworth Empire.

If her fiance was going to fight in a war against the Holy Order of Light, she would definitely fight by his side. 

The battle where William had lost Ashe, Chiffon, Princess Sidonie, and Celine, was still fresh in her memory.

After that war, the red-headed teenager—whom she loved—had taken on the Mantle of Darkness. 

His red-hair, that was as radiant as a blazing flame, became pitch-black.

His green eyes, that made her heart turn to mush when she looked at them long enough, had become golden, and filled with pain.

His touch, that was once warm, had become cold, just like his lips, which used to fan the flames of desire in her heart and body.

And the blue gem that served as the heart in his chest, had turned from blue to obsidian black. 

His two familiars that took half of his soul were now dead, allowing Darkness to corrupt everything, leaving only a quarter of his soul free from its corruption.

But, even then, William tried to make her feel loved. Despite the fact that he was hurting.

Despite the fact that he was suffering.

Despite the fact that he was forced to become the enemy of the world.

Lilith had spent many sleepless nights, weeping for her beloved who had changed after the war that had taken many things from him.

"Even if you go to Damnation, I will follow you," Lilith vowed as she packed her things inside her storage ring. 

Taking one last look in her room, the Amazon Princess raised her hand and the treasure of the Amazon Race, Gleipneir, flew towards her and coiled around her hand. 

"Thank you for accompanying me," Lilith said as she held the artifact firmly. "Let's go. My future husband is waiting for me."

The Sacred Weapon in her hand glowed faintly as if understanding what she was trying to say. 

A moment later, Lilith jumped out of the window of her room and flicked Gleipnir in front of her, which turned into a golden dragon.

The Amazon landed deftly on the golden dragon's back before looking in the direction of the Ainsworth Empire.

That was the place where she needed to go, and that was where the man she loved was waiting for her.

With a powerful roar, the golden dragon flew to the West, leaving the capital city of the Amazon Empire behind. 

"May fortune be on your side, Lilith," Empress Andraste said as she looked at the golden dragon that was slowly disappearing from her view. "The place where light and dark begin to touch is where miracles arise."

The Amazon Empress sighed. 

This was an important war, and yet the Amazons would not participate in it, with the exception of her daughter, who was not fighting for who was right or wrong, but fighting for the man she chose to love.