Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Ainsworth Empire…

"Is everyone ready?" William asked the people who were currently gathered inside his Thousand Beast Domain.

Everyone who had chosen to fight by William's side was there.

The Patriarchs of the Demon Tribes who originally came under his wing in the Demon Continent.

Nisha, who led the organization of Deus.

The Pseudo-Gods under William's command, and lastly, the women who had chosen to fight by his side.

William's uncle, Morgan, as well as well as the officers of the Red Plague were also in the room.

Lastly, the veterans of Lont, led by Jekyll and Owen, stood at the side, simply waiting for the order to attack. 

All of them had gathered today to discuss the battle that was about to start.

"The moment we start, it will either be the Holy Order of Light who perishes, or we perish," William stated. "But, remember this, this is not the end, but only the prelude to a greater war. A war that would determine the fate of this entire world. This is why we can't afford to lose."

William didn't explain the specifics because it would only make them fearful of what was about to come. The enemy that they needed to fight right now was the Pope and her forces. The Half-Elf would not feel comfortable waging the great war against the Army of Destruction, when there was a crazy old woman that was breathing down his neck.

In order to ensure that he could focus single-mindedly on the task at hand, he decided to eliminate the Pope, as well as the fanatics that served under her command.

"The Demon Tribes are with you in this endeavor, Your Majesty," the Patriarch of the One-Horned Clan, Polox, said respectfully. 

He was Anh's Grandfather, and the first Patriarch who had decided to come under William's Umbrella. Now that his Lord was about to fight a war against the Holy Order of Light, he decided to make a stand and fight by his side.

"I've waited for this day all my life," Nisha commented. "Deus will fight and not stop until that old hag stops breathing."

"Heh~ so after she stops breathing, you guys will stop fighting as well?" Chloee asked in a teasing tone. "Thanks for the heads up."

William couldn't help but smile at Chloee's attempt to disperse the tension inside the room. Although no one laughed at her comment, the tension that hung in the air cleared up a bit.

"I don't think there's a need to say anything anymore," Jekyll commented. "Or do you perhaps want to offer a prayer to the Gods to bless us in this battle?"

The Dentist of Lont gave his most dazzling smile that made everyone in the room glance in his direction.

"We should finish this early," Owen stated. "My wife…"

"Ah, here he goes again with his wife."

"Can someone shut this old coot up?"

​ "This old cow can still eat the green grass because he is capable. If you're also capable, you can marry a young wife as well."

The veterans of Lont became rowdy the moment Owen started to speak. 

All of them had seen how William grew up from being a Shepherd to an existence that held the entire world at the palm of his hands. Even Jekyll, who believed that he was the strongest in Lont, couldn't hold a candle against the current William.

In fact, even his father, Vlad, could no longer threaten the Half-Elf because he had reached a stage where even Pseudo-Gods bow their heads in servitude.

"I'm glad that everyone is here with me as we rid the world of a delusional old woman who thinks that the world revolves around her," William stated. "Everyone, make your final preparations. At midnight, we march towards the Palace of Light in order to end its existence before the sun rises tomorrow."

Everyone in the room nodded their heads. They had long endured the harassment that the Pope had created in their peaceful lives. Now that William was here, it was finally time to strike back at the old hag who had poked the hornet's nest repeatedly.

As everyone left the conference room to return to the Floor of Asgard, as well as the Ainsworth Empire, William remained in the room with the women who had decided to link their fates with his.

"Aila, tomorrow you will be at the rear of the formation. You are a healer, so you are not allowed to stand on the front lines," William said. "Haleth and Anh, you are going to stay with her. Make sure that she doesn't get hurt."

Haleth and Anh acknowledged William's orders and promised to follow them. 

""Yes.""

"Chloee, Charmaine, the two of you will be at the front of the battlefield," William said. "Your role is to handle the small fries. Make sure that they know their place."

Charmaine and Chloee nodded in understanding. 

"Yes, Master."

"Okay."

William then glanced at the Amazon Princess who had left her homeland just to be by his side.

"Lilith, your role is to give support to the Vanguard." William smiled. "You are free to move independently and assist any side that needs support."

"Understood," Lilith replied.

Suddenly, a cheerful voice was heard in the corner of the room. 

"Me! Me! Me!" Medusa raised her hands repeatedly. "What should I do?"

Sharur and Bacon (Gullinbursti) also made noises because they wanted to take part in the action.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"... You can deal with the enemies that manage to break past the Vanguards," William replied. "However, you are not allowed to fight on the front lines. Just deal with the ones that manage to break through, got it?"

"Got it!" Medusa gave William a thumbs up.

Suddenly, the Half-ling that was standing beside Medusa asked. 

"How about me?" Erinys inquired. "I can't fight, but there must be something that I can do."

William frowned because he didn't want Erinys to participate in the battle. She had lived in the Underworld all her life and wasn't familiar with how bloody and gruesome war was.

The Half-Elf was about to tell her that she shouldn't be on the battlefield, but her determined gaze made William reconsider his reply.

"How about you stay with me while I paint the battlefield? You have a flying boat, right? It will be amazing to draw the battle from the sky," Shannon, who had entered the meeting late, commented.

"Good." William nodded. "Erinys, you will accompany Shannon."

The Half-Elf then gazed at the lady wearing a fox mask with a serious expression on his face.

"Erinys doesn't know how to fight, so please protect her, okay?"

"Don't worry, Your Majesty. I will make sure that your new lover will be safe from harm."

The Half-ling's face immediately became beet red after hearing Shannon's reply. The ladies inside the room giggled when they saw the adorable little girl hide behind Medusa's back, after everyone's gazes had landed on her body.

After William helped her regain the ability to speak, the two of them kissed and talked for a long time inside the Half-Elf's room. In the end, the black-haired teenager, and the doll-like beauty both agreed that they should wait until the war was over before they continued to discuss their relationship.

An hour later, his meeting with his lovers ended. All of them returned to their respective rooms to rest, so that when midnight came, they would have the strength to fight until morning came.

William didn't allow any of his lovers to spend the night with him because he didn't want to tire them, and himself, out. 

Now that the battle was about to begin, he needed to rest properly so he could ensure that the victor would be none other than him.