Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"Thousand Genocide Smash!"

William swung Sharur and thousands of purple beams shot out from its body, headed straight towards the barrier protecting the Palace of Light.

"Get behind me," the white-robed person wearing a mask said to Belle.

The black-haired beauty frowned, but she still followed the Pseudo-God's instructions. 

Raising the bronze horn, the white-robed person stood straight like a sword and gazed at the approaching purple beams with a fearless gaze. 

When the purple beams were only a meter away from their body, they collided with an invisible barrier and dissipated immediately.

Unfortunately, William's attack was an area of effect, so the white-robed figure only managed to block five beams, while the rest collided with the barrier that protected the Palace of Light.

The sound of thousands of glasses breaking at the same time spread in the surroundings, as Williams' attack pierced the barrier, creating hundreds of holes in it.

He didn't plan on destroying the entire barrier because it might create a powerful backlash towards the four unconscious women around the Altar of Life, so he opted to just create holes in it, where his army could pass through.

Hordes of monsters swarmed the entrances that William had created and started to engage the army of the Holy Order of Light.

Roars, shrieks, growls, curses, shouts, war cries, and pained screams could be heard everywhere as the Half-Elf's monster army rampaged to their heart's content.

"El Cid, Godfrey, I'll leave this monkey to you guys!" Ajax shouted as he flew towards the black-haired teenager who had successfully destroyed parts of the barrier. Although the barrier was still active, it no longer served its purpose because the front line of defense had been breached.

"Hmm, fine he can go play with Will." Sun Wukong rubbed his chin as he looked at the man who looked like a pro-wrestler, wielding a trident head in William's direction.

The Monkey King then shifted his gaze to the two Pseudo-Gods in front of him who were brimming with the power of the Heavenly Virtues. 

"You're not getting past us, monkey," El Cid stated. 

"I've seen you a few times in the Heavenly Realm, and understand that you are strong," Godfrey said. "But, today, I will prove that I am stronger than you."

The Monkey King cleaned his ear with his finger for a few seconds before smirking.

"Welp, allow me to formally introduce myself first," Sun Wukong twirled the golden staff in his hand and took a fighting stance. "I am the Great Sage, Equal of Heaven. Sun Wukong! State your names, so I may know the identity of the people I smash with my golden cudgel."

El Cid snorted as he held his sword firmly in his hands. "Good! My name is…"

"Ah, forget it," Sun Wukong interupted El Cid's introduction. "Knowing the names of small fries isn't worth it."

"Bastard!" El Cid roared in anger before attacking the Monkey King, who had a teasing smile plastered on his face. "Godfrey, let's go!"

"On it!" Godfrey joined El Cid in his attack towards the Monkey King, who was notorious in the Heavenly Realm for creating trouble left and right.

The sound of mocking laughter spread in the surroundings as three dazzling beams of light zigzagged and collided in the heavens. Two of them were white, while the third one was golden. Although the two Pseudo-Gods were ganging up on the Monkey King, the latter still had time to laugh because he could feel the blood boiling inside his body due to the excitement of fighting strong warriors.

While this was happening, Ajax had already arrived a few meters behind William and thrust his spear to stab the back of the black-haired teenager who had just unleashed a powerful attack to the barrier.

A moment later, the sound of metals clashing against each other was heard as the Half-Elf blocked Ajax's attack, pushing the muscled warrior back.

"I've smashed a lot of big shots during my time," Sharur stated as it looked at Ajax in disdain. "Your Fate will not be any different."

Ajax ignored the talking mace because his gaze was focused on the Half-Elf whose back was facing him. 

When he attacked earlier, William didn't even turn his head to look at him. Instead, he just performed a backhand attack, pushing Ajax back as if it was nothing.

"Face me, Prince of Darkness!" Ajax roared because there had never been a time when someone fought him in this manner. "I will be the one to end your tyranny!"

"End my Tyranny?" William asked before turning around to look at the Pseudo-God whose bloodshot eyes were aimed in his direction. "Can you?"

Instead of replying to his question, Ajax simply did what he liked to do and that was to attack, attack, and attack!

When he was still alive, he had fought on the frontline of the battlefield, and single-handedly pushed back the enemies that tried to overpower him with numbers. However, Ajax was simply too powerful for them.

Wielding his spear and shield, he could overpower most foes, but right now, facing William, he could feel that he had found his match.

The Half-Elf wielded Sharur and exchanged blows with Ajax, pushing him back with every exchange.

Everytime they clashed against each other, William's blows were getting heavier, making it very hard for Ajax to face him head-on. 

What he didn't know was that Sharur had an uncanny ability. Every time he hit the same target, he would deal greater damage with each strike, allowing him to smash anything to meat paste, or to pieces, as long as he hit them over and over again.

This was why he was the smasher of thousands. Even Gods would feel fear if they were hit by it thousands of times.

"Sit down, Son!" Sharur roared as his next attack sent Ajax crashing to the ground, creating a crater. 

William didn't relent and descended from the heavens, holding the battle-frenzied-mace high over his head. 

Seeing that he wouldn't be able to dodge in time, Ajax summoned his Mythical Shield that had accompanied him through the ages. 

The moment the mace collided with the shield, a powerful shockwave exploded, sending dirt, and rocks flying in every direction

A gong-like sound echoed in the surroundings as the black-haired teenager smashed Sharur against Ajax's shield, over and over again.

"A wise man once said," Sharur said as William took another stance to smack the shield that protected Ajax's body. "Talk less, Smash More!"ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Ajax, who was at the receiving end, cursed internally because the only one talking was Sharur, who would say something nasty with each strike William made.

The Half-Elf ignored his weapon's trash talk because he was already used to Sharur's chatty personality. The ground trembled as the Half-Elf continued to hammer Ajax's shield, burying the Pseudo-God deeper to the ground with each strike. 

Finally, the shield that had accompanied him through all of his battles started to have deep dents in it.

Ajax roared in anger as he tried to push back with all of his might, but the next blow that hit him took the air out of his lungs.

Simply put, Sharur had reached a stage where each of his strikes was heavier, and stronger than Ruyi Jingu Bang's full powered strike.

Ajax, who had been very proud of his strength, felt his heart shudder inside his chest. His surroundings had started to move very slowly because he was in a heightened state, and yet, even though he had entered this trance-like state, the anxiety in his heart didn't diminish but only grew.

Why?

Because the shield that was protecting his body had reached its limit. He knew that the next blow would also be his last, which made him desperate enough to shout and ask for William to stop.

"Stooooooooooop! Ajax shouted with all of his might. 

However, the one who replied to him wasn't the Half-Elf, but the mace whose sneer was etched on its surface.

"Peace was never an option!" Sharur declared. "Prepare to get clapped!"

William roared as he swung the mace with all of his might.

"Genocide Crash!" 

The entire land trembled as Sharur smashed Ajax's shield to pieces. The momentum behind the attack was so strong that even after the shield was destroyed, the mace didn't stop and smashed Ajax's chest, making the latter spew a mouthful of blood.

A loud cracking sound was heard as all of Ajax's ribs broke. His internal organs also suffered fatal injuries, making the latter lose the ability to defend himself. One more blow and the Pseudo-God would cease to exist.

But, before William could deliver that last blow, the white-robed person appeared before him and shook his head.

"Spare him," the white-robed person said. "In return, I won't interfere with this war and just spectate from the side."

William snorted. "And why should I do as you ask?"

"You still owe me a mug of fine mead. This will be the payment along with the interest."

"... Tsk!"

The Half-Elf clicked his tongue before shifting his attention to the black-haired beauty who was fighting against Astrape, Bronte, and Titania. 

One of the reasons why William attacked the Palace of Light was to kill this lady in exchange for the souls of his wives. Since that was the case, he decided to just attack her, and give up on dealing the final blow to the Pseudo-God who was already half dead. 

"Fine. But, keep your word," William said before charging toward the direction of his prey. "Also, the one who owed me a mug of mead was you and not me."

The white-robed person smiled under the mask. The Half-Elf was indeed right. The one who owed the mug of mead was not the Half-Elf, but her.

"Well then, the main attraction is about to begin," the white-robed person said. "We are at the end game now."

The white-robed person sighed in her heart. Now that she had given her promise to not interfere, she could only watch on the sidelines and patiently wait for the outcome of the battle that would decide the Half-Elf's fate. 