Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Empress Andraste looked at the projection of the battle that was happening in real time.

All of the Nations in the Central Continent had spread out their forces to look for traces of the battle between the Prince of Darkness as well as the Holy Order of Light.

However, when the actual location of the Palace of Light was revealed, all of them were taken aback because it was in a place that they didn't expect it to be.

The fortress of the Holy Order of Light was located at the very center of the Central Continent. 

The main reason why no one found it was due to the fact that it was hidden inside a Forbidden Domain. Just like the Seventh Sanctum and the lands of Hyperborea, everyone that tried to enter this Domain were all nearly annihilated.

There were still survivors  who traveled in the Seventh Sanctum, and one survivor from Hyperborea. But the Forbidden Domain of the Palace of Light prevented anyone who entered it from leaving the place.

There, the Pope would personally deal with them and silence them to protect the whereabouts of the Palace of Light. If there were any exceptional individuals among the trespassers, she would give them the choice to serve the Holy Order, or be killed right away.

For most, the choice was easy. The majority of them decided to serve the Holy Order of Light, and had since protected its secret, even if they were able to leave the Forbidden Domain.

However, due to the ongoing battle, the energy fluctuations inside the Domain couldn't be hidden. The Pope had also used the power of the Forbidden Ground to empower the Palace of Light, making it a true stronghold that was capable of defending itself from any invaders who tried to destroy it.

Just like Empress Andraste, the other Kings and Emperors were watching the battle unfold. Depending on the outcome, they would make their own move according to their best interest.

"Just where is the Pope's confidence coming from?" Empress Andraste muttered as she gazed at the badly damaged Palace of Light, whose luster was dimming with each passing minute.

This opinion was shared by the other rulers. From what they could see, it would be best for the Pope to simply surrender. This was no longer a war, but a one-sided massacre.

William was a Dungeon Conqueror. The monsters under his command were nearly inexhaustible, but the Human life of the Holy Order of Light was finite.

Blood already soaked the ground outside of the palace grounds, and the floors of its interior, proving that the amount of casualties on the Pope's side was massive.

Still, none of them dared to underestimate the Pope. 

For an organization like the Holy Order of Light to exist, the one sitting at its helm would not be a simple person.

—---

Belle could feel her body growing stronger than ever as the power of the sword bathed her with the Divinity of Light.

For a brief moment, she felt as if she was invincible and could cut the firmament with a single slash of the sword in her hands. 

"Go, my greatest Champion!" the Pope shouted like a crazy person. "Rid the world of Darkness! Cleanse this world of filth!"

Belle gripped the sword firmly with both of her hands before gazing at the black-haired teenager, who was holding a mace clad with the Flames of Darkness.

'It pains me that our reunion has to be like this, Will,' Belle said in her heart. 'But, don't worry. I will save you.'

As if to respond to her determination, the Sword of Light hummed, and the dark clouds that covered the sky were all cleared out, revealing the star-studded sky.

Within the Heavens, a particular constellation shone brightly. It was as if it was watching with bated breath for the outcome of the clash between the two star-crossed lovers, who were reunited due to the whims of Fate.

"My name is Belle," Belle said softly. "Does it ring any bell to you?"

William scoffed as he pointed the flaming mace towards his enemy.

"Yes," William replied in a teasing tone. "Your name is Belle, right? Is your last name perhaps Delphine?"

A smile that was not a smile appeared on Belle's face after hearing William's reply. Clearly, she wasn't pleased with the answer he had given her. 

"I guess someone is sleeping on the floor tonight." Belle pointed Claiomh Solais at the hateful Half-Elf who dared to make fun of her. 

The Half-Elf couldn't hear whatever Belle was saying, but he was able to read her lips, allowing him to understand her. 

"You plan to sleep on the floor? Don't worry, I'll give you a blanket." William sneered. "And cover your dead body with it."

While the two were about to face off with each other, a giggle escaped Shannon's lips as she spectated the battle from afar.

"Ignorance is truly bliss," Shannon said as her brush danced on the surface of her canvas.

Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Erinys looked in the distance with a worried look on her face.

"Will he be alright?" Erinys asked. 

"Perhaps," Shannon replied. "I mean, we can hope for the best, since it is not Gods, but Mortals, who will do the rest."

The doll-like beauty clasped her hands together in prayer. 

'Father, please protect Will.' Erinys prayed fervently. 'Make sure he doesn't die because if he does, I will go back to the Underworld, and bring him back to the world of the living.'

The little Half-ling didn't know that her prayers had reached her intended person. At that exact time, the entire Underworld shook, as a thunderous roar echoed from within the Palace of the God of Death.

If she only knew that her father had already created a new layer in the Underworld, just for William after he died, she would definitely beg for forgiveness because there was nothing there except for the flaming rivers of hell.

The Gods who had a connection with William in the Heavens, and the mortals fighting on the ground, all stopped what they were doing because they felt that this was a battle they couldn't afford to miss.

As countless eyes gazed at William's and Belle's imposing figures, the two calmly took a step forward and clashed against each other, sending sparks in every direction, marking the fated battle between husband and wife.