Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

(Disclaimer: *wink wink*.)

—-----------

"Will… no… I'm starting… to feel weird… Mmm!"

The movement of William's tongue made the Half-ling unable to concentrate on what she had been doing earlier.

These sensations were all new to her, and it was making her feel that something was slowly building up inside her.

Something that made her scared, and at the same time, expectant for what was about to happen next.

Finally, after a few minutes, her entire body trembled as she experienced something she had never experienced before for the very first time.

An orgasm.

The Half-ling panted as her body collapsed on top of William. Just before she recovered her breath, a pair of soft and delicate hands wrapped around her body and lifted her up.

"Up you go, Erinys," Shannon said as she laid the still dazed Half-ling beside William.

As if guided by his instinct, the Half-Elf slowly propped himself up from the bed, and looked down on the Half-ling whose flushed face stirred feelings inside of him that he knew were already with him long before he lost his memory.

"Erinys… I want you," William said. "Do you want me to?"

Erinys looked up at the handsome Half-Elf, and was about to say yes, when the image of the old William overlapped with him.

"I want… you," Erinys replied. "But, not like this."

Erinys broke out of her daze as she gazed at the red-headed teenager who had brought her to the surface world, and felt sad in her heart, which was reflected in her face.

Tears soon appeared at the corner of her eyes as she thought about the one person who really cared for her and the sudden lost his memories, despite the fact that he was staring down at her with eyes of love.

She felt very sad because she wanted Will, but not the one that had lost his memories. She wanted to be embraced by him with his memories intact, and to say words of love to each other because they truly meant it.

The Half-ling wanted to become his lover, to become one of his wives, to become one with him, but not like this.

Not when he didn't remember her, and the time they spent together.

William felt his heart ache after seeing Erinys crying in front of him and hugged her tight. He could tell that she was suffering, and was feeling sad. 

"I'm sorry, I wasn't thinking properly," William said softly as he patted her head. "I'm sorry if I have hurt you, Erinys."

"No.... you didn't hurt me," Erinys replied as he buried her head on William's chest. "I'm just not ready. I want you, Will. But, not like this. I want you to embrace me when you regain your memories."

William smiled as he planted a kiss on Erinys' forehead. "Understood. I can tell how strong your feelings are towards me. I will respect your wish, Erinys. I look forward to the day when I will embrace you by your own will. "

"Thank you, Will."

"Mmm."'

Shannon who saw this scene was quite surprised because this was very different from how she thought it would end. She was confident that Erinys truly wanted to be with William, and yet, she refused to make love to him because he had lost his memories.

"As expected of you, Erinys," Shannon commented. "You really love, Will."

"I'm still not sure if it's love, but I want to know what that is, too," Erinys replied, while being hugged by the Half-Elf whose warmth was spreading to her body.

"Understood," Shannon replied. "I, too, will respect your decision. Since that is the case, please, step aside."

Shannon wrapped her arms around William's body and gave him a light pull. Breaking his hold upon the Half-ling. 

"Since Erinys doesn't want it, allow me to sooth the heat of your body, Will," Shannon whispered. Before pinning William on the bed. She then sat on top of him and placed her hands on his chest. 

"I'm sorry, Will. I am not like Erinys," Shannon said as her right hand held onto William's… before lowering her hips. " Unlike her, I can't wait. I want to be with you. I want to be yours so badly that it hurts."

Just as she was about to lower her hips, William's hand held onto her waist. It didn't have any strength in it, but it was enough to make Shannon pause.

The tip of the Half-Elf's… was already inside her. Just one more push and the membrane that protected her chastity would be torn apart.

"I've always felt that you wanted me," William stated. "I can tell how serious you are, and yet, I don't feel any strong attraction towards you, unlike what I feel for Erinys. When you said you are my fiance, is that a lie?"

Shannon held William's gaze and smiled. "Yes. It was a lie."

"Then, tell me, why are you doing this?"

"Because… why not?"

Shannon's reply made Erinys' eyes widen in shock.

"I don't need a reason to fall in love," Shannon stated. "I don't need a reason for doing things that I want to do. I do them because I feel like it. You asked me why I am doing this? Very well, My Prince, I will tell you the real reason why."

Shannon lowered her hips, until William's member pushed deep inside her, tearing apart the proof of her maidenhood, and finally becoming one with him.

"Will, I'm doing this because the world is about to end," Shannon said as tears streamed down the side of her face. "I don't want to die, not having known what it meant to be loved by someone. I don't want to die, not knowing what it feels like to be one with the one person I believed would fight until this world was burned to ashes."

A laugh of both sadness and frustration escaped Shannon's lips, as the blood of her purity stained William's member.

"I am a hateful woman who forced herself onto a man that doesn't love her, but what of it?" Shannon smiled bitterly as she lowered her hips more, until William's… kissed the entrance of her womb, ignoring the pain she was feeling because the ache in her heart hurt more than giving her chastity away.

"I'm going to make love to you, Will…," Shannon said as she bent her torso to kiss his lips. "And after that, I will tell you everything you need to know about this world, your memories, and the fleeting future that I wanted to be a part of until the very last minute."Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels