Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

(Disclaimer: Last Part)

Shannon kissed William, while his manhood kissed the entrance of her womb. 

He was quite shocked when Shannon revealed that she had lied to him about being his fiance, but as her lips pressed over his, and her arms wrapped around his head, he could feel, and to a certain extent hear, the heart that was beating wildly inside her chest.

When their lips parted, Shannon lowered her head and rested it on William's shoulder.

"This hurts more than I expected," Shannon said softly. However, she didn't explain what kind of pain she was feeling. The pain of losing her maidenhood, or the pain she was feeling in her heart.

Shannon was a proud woman. She believed that she could take anyone she wanted if she truly desired it. Both of her parents were Gods, so as their only daughter, she was sure that they would readily give her whatever she wanted.

But, she was wrong.

The first thing she asked for was freedom.

However, since a single gaze from her could make a person commit suicide out of despair, she was forced to be under house arrest inside the shrine of the Hestia Academy, were powerful barriers sealed her in place.

Since her first wish was not granted, Shannon no longer wished for anything and simply watched the world through her paintings.

The reason why she was fond of Erinys, was because they were almost the same.

Both of them were daughters of Gods and they were lonely in their own way.

Although Erinys could go anywhere in the Underworld, she was still a caged bird, trapped in a place where the souls of the departed went after they died on the Surface World. 

The Half-ling rarely saw her father, which was quite different from Shannon, who was visited by her parents on a regular basis.

Erinys could interact with the denizens of the Underworld, while Shannon could only talk to her parents.

The Fox Lady could see events happening in real time, similar to how Erinys could watch things about the Surface World on television.

When William kidnapped Erinys under her father's nose, something inside Shannon snapped. She had witnessed how the Half-Elf fought battle after battle against beings far powerful than him.

But, this time, it was different.

The Half-Elf had offended a God, and not just an ordinary God, but the God of Death who ruled the Underworld.

The Fox Lady was moved by his boldness, and wished for someone to go to such lengths for her as well. This was why she altered her original plans to eloping in the Western Continent with the Half-Elf who had lost his memories, including those of Wendy and Estelle, as his body, and soul stabilized from the purification that it had just undergone.

Shannon didn't kidnap the red-headed teenager just because he coveted him. 

No. She did what she did in order to protect him from Nisha. 

Since the Half-Elf was now a blank slate, it would be easier for the leader of Deus to taint him, even without using the power of Darkness. That was how potent the purification process was. It was similar to Imprinting.

Similar to a baby bird who had just hatched from its egg, the first being it saw would be treated as its family.

Shannon knew that if she didn't make her move, Nisha would be the one to make it.

The veiled-beauty was the leader of the most powerful Underground Organization of the world, not losing to the Holy Order of Light in terms of influence.

For someone that had reached that height, it would be impossible not to have a few artifacts that were similar to Celine's Eternity and William's Thousand Beast Domain.

A place where she could imprison William, and make him obey no one else but her.

Shannon, who was in pain, suddenly felt a prickling sensation in her neck. Her blood trickled down to her neck, down to her voluptuous body, but this was the least of her worries.

The pain she felt after her defloration, and the heartache in her heart, vanished as if it hadn't existed in the first place. What she felt next were waves of pleasure, which made a sigh escape her lips.

William dutifully licked the wound, as he quenched the bloodthirst he was feeling. He didn't know why, but his instinct told him that if he did this, the pain that Shannon felt would disappear.

And it did. 

The pain disappeared, but a fire was lit in its place. 

It made the Fox Lady's body heat up, as the Half-Elf kissed the wound on her neck, healing it completely.

"I'm sorry," William said before kissing Shannon's lips. "Leave the rest to me."

Without another word, William raised Shannon's hips and moved them up and down. The euphoria she had felt earlier hadn't faded, and it had made her more sensitive than usual.

She no longer felt pain, only a sense of fulfillment that she never expected to feel after becoming one with the Half-Elf whom she had recognized as a man worthy of her.

A few minutes later, Shannon subconsciously moved her hips on her own, allowing William to penetrate deep inside her.

She moved with him, and not against him, allowing both of their bodies to do what they had been created to do.

"Will… make me yours," Shannon said with a tone similar to pleading. "I want to be with you. I want to be your woman."

Instead of replying with words, William kissed her lips. He had stopped moving his hips, and simply kissed her, until she was satisfied.

"Very well," William said softly as he raised Shannon's hips with his hands. "I will take responsibility, and make you my woman. So, promise me one thing."

"What promise do you want?" Shannon asked. 

She wanted to lower her hips, and plunge William's hot and throbbing… deep inside her, until it melted her from the inside out, but she held back this urge because she understood that this was the turning point in both of their lives.

"No more lies," William stated. "From this day onward, you will not lie to me again in your lifetime."

Shannon was surprised, but she already expected something like this to happen.

"Okay," Shannon replied. "From now on. No more lies. I promise."

"Good." William nodded as he gave Shannon a kiss before giving her what she wanted.

It was William's first time after losing his memories, so he was unable to control himself and did it roughly. He vented his burning desire and lust, into the beautiful lady that he had pinned down on the bed, who was more than willing to accept all of him. 

The moment William released his seed inside her, Shannon's body bent into an arch like a bow, as something hot, and powerful, poured inside her womb, making her understand that this was the reason she had been born in the world. 

Her heart, and womb melted, as William's essence seeped inside her non-stop.

The Half-Elf's release was so strong, that he felt as if a part of his soul had been released inside of Shannon as well. 

He didn't know how long his release lasted, but when he was done, he slumped weakly on top of the lady under him, as they both panted for breath.

Erinys, who was watching from the side, was also breathing raggedly because she didn't expect that William's love making would be so intense. She also felt relieved because the one whom the red-headed teenager had made love with was Shannon and not her.

If it was her, the Half-Elf might have broken her completely due to how roughly he had treated Shannon during her first time.

"I am probably the happiest woman in the world at this moment in time," Shannon said as she hugged the Half-Elf's body, enjoying the warmth of their skinship. "Finally, I belong to you, Will."Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

"Yes," William replied. "You now belong to me."

The two gazed at each other for half a minute before the Fox Lady giggled.

"What's so funny?" William asked. 

"I was just imagining a few things," Shannon replied.

"What kind of things?"

"Like, how your wives will react the moment they know that I became your woman as well. Especially Wendy, Estelle, and Belle. I'm pretty sure that those three would love nothing more than to slap me right now."

William suddenly felt a chilling coldness run down the back of his spine. For some reason, the name of the three girls that Shannon had mentioned made him feel as if several blades were being pointed at his back.

As if sensing his thoughts, Shannon cupped William's face and gave his lips a quick peck.

"Don't worry, I will take responsibility, and make them shift all the blame to me," Shannon said with a smile. "For now. Forget about them."

The Fox Lady suddenly moved to make Will fall on the bed, so she could be on top of him.

"They will find us eventually, but before that," Shannon moved her hips in a circular motion while a mischievous smile hung on her hips. "Let's make the most of our time, shall we?"

The two made love with each other until Shannon was exhausted. 

In the end, the two ladies laid beside William, hugging his body with their heads resting on his shoulders.

Even though Erinys didn't make love with him, the Half-Elf didn't neglect her, and showered her with kisses, while he made the Fox Lady under his body writhe in pleasure.

The Half-ling was emboldened due to Shannon's desire to be one with William, and allowed the Half-Elf to also drink her blood, like he did when the two of them had been thrown off course in the Underworld.

With two naked beauties laying beside him, the Half-Elf contemplated the truths that Shannon would tell him when she woke up. 

The Fox Lady slept peacefully, as if all of her worries had disappeared completely. The Half-Elf could tell that Shannon had truly wanted to become his woman, and now that she had achieved her goal, she would support him with everything she had.

He planted a quick kiss on her forehead before giving the Half-ling a kiss on her forehead as well. 

He felt very possessive of the two of them and wondered, if he was already like this with just two women, what would he be like with more?

'There Is no use worrying about things I can't remember,' William thought as he closed his eyes. He then hugged the two ladies in his arms, who subconsciously hugged him tighter, not wanting to let him go.

As the three of them slept peacefully in each other's embrace, they were not aware that somewhere in the Void, the Army of Destruction had destroyed another world.

Now that one of their targets had been eliminated, they set their sights on a beautiful world.

A world, where three people were sleeping in a Paradise that they had made on their own. 