Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The wind blew softly, fanning the Half-Elf who was deep in thought.

After Shannon had revealed to him how he lost his memory, the Half-Elf pondered his next course of action.

The end of the world.

It was such a dark, and heavy topic to talk about, but that was what they had done after Shannon finished showing William the adventures that she had seen while he lived them.

The fox lady showed him his journey to the Deadlands, his journey back to Earth, as well as his marriage to Belle.

She also showed him his journey to the Demon World, and how he became the Prince of Darkness. 

His journey to the Seventh Sanctum, Tyr Na Nog, Hyperborea, and Atlantis.

His battles against Felix and Ahriman.

His Journey to the Underworld, where she met Erinys, making the little girl's face turn beet red when Shannon had exposed the "William Pillow" she had created.

The Half-Elf couldn't help but tease the Half-ling, who had buried her face in his chest in embarrassment, after her deepest, darkest secret was revealed to the one person she had wanted to keep it from.

Shannon had shown William everything that had happened since she had started to follow him on his journey. 

When everything was over, the Half-Elf asked to be given some time alone, so he could organize his thoughts. The Fox Lady and the Half-ling knew that William wanted to think things over, so they didn't bother him, and gave him some space.

Two hours passed, and the red-headed teenager continued to look at the waves hitting the shore in the distance. If what Shannon told him about the Army of Destruction was right, this peaceful life that they had right now would be destroyed, and the beautiful scene in front of him would disappear forever.  𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"What a time to be alive…," William muttered. "Not only did I lose my memories, but I also have a front row seat to the end of the world…"

The Half-Elf sighed because this was simply too much for him to bear. The moment he became aware of his identity as the former Prince of Darkness, and the number of wives and lovers he possessed, he felt his cheeks burning in both shame and embarrassment.

Just a day ago, he thought that making love with Shannon was already the best feeling he had experienced in his life. But, now, he found out that he had dozens of beautiful ladies that he had also made love to in the past.

Just imagining himself being surrounded by so many exceptional women was more than enough to make him flustered. The current him didn't have the experience to know how to handle so many women at a time, but that was the least of his worries.

With the world coming to an end, William thought that living with Shannon and Erinys on the deserted island to live out the remainder of their days in peace and happiness was quite tempting.

However, he also understood that there were other people waiting for his return, who loved him just as much as the Fox Lady, and the Half-ling, who made him feel loved.

"Hah… this is hopeless," William laid on the ground and looked up at the clouds passing through the sky. "Someone tell me what to do…"

< Well, I can give you some advice if you want me to. >

William immediately stood up and looked around him when he heard a voice inside his head. He was certain that it was only him, Shannon, and Erinys that lived on the island, so having someone else on it, whom he didn't know, made him raise his guard completely.

< Calm down, you won't be able to see me because I am in your head. >

"Huh?!"

< I know what you're thinking. Relax, you're not going crazy. It might come as a surprise to you, but I've been with you since you were born. Take deep breaths, and relax. I am not going to hurt you, I just want to talk, and discuss things related to you. >

The Half-Elf was still half doubtful of the voice inside his head, but he still decided to take deep breaths in order to calm himself. Right now, he needed to be calm so he could understand the situation. 

"I am now calm," William said as he sat cross-legged on the ground. "First, tell me who you are."

< Certainly. My name is Optimus. You are the one that gave me that name, as to what I am, you can refer to me as a System. >

"Optimus?"

< Yes. Optimus. >

"You said earlier that you've been with me since I was born," William stated. "How come you're only talking to me now? Also, what does a System do? Can you tell me more?"

< Okay. To answer your first question, that is because I deemed that now was the most appropriate time to talk to you again. A lot of things happened, and there were also other things I was doing on my end, like stabilizing your soul, as well as helping your body adapt to the sudden changes to your Sea of Consciousness. >

"Sea of Consciousness?"

< Correct. But, since you have no idea what I am talking about, it would be better if I show it to you. >

Suddenly, William found himself in a place where the sky was as clear and blue as the ocean that was under his feet.

A countless number of weapons were protruding out of the waters, giving the place a hint of tension, despite the fact that everything looked so serene and peaceful.

A moment later, a faint ripple appeared in the sea as a nearly twenty-meter-tall robot materialized in front of William, towering above him.

< Let me introduce myself again. I am Optimus. I am the System that has followed you since you were born, and the System that the author forgot about throughout the last thousand chapters. But, let's not talk about him. Just thinking about all of the inconsistencies he has written so far makes my teeth itch in frustration. >

William looked up at the giant robot in front of him with his heart beating wildly inside his chest. He didn't know why he was feeling this way.

All he knew was that after his talk with Optimus had ended, the hazy feelings inside his heart about what to do next finally fell into place like the last piece of a puzzle.