Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

William made his way back to their temporary house where Shannon and Erinys were waiting for his return.

The half-Elf had thought a lot along the way, and it all boiled down to one thing.

He needed to regain his memories.

In order to do that, they needed to return to the Central Continent and gather the seven ladies who would allow William to meet the Virtuous Lady of Hope, who Optimus insisted held the key that would allow him to regain all of his memories.

"Welcome back, Will," Erinys greeted the Half-Elf as soon as William stepped inside the house.Â 

She had been very worried about him, but Shannon told her that the red-headed teenager needed some time to sort out everything in his head. Because of this, Erinys didn't bother him and stayed inside the house with Shannon and waited for him to return.

"I'm back, Erinys," WIlliam replied with a smile as he sat beside the Half-ling.ğ’©eew updates ğ’‚t nğ’vel/biğ’(.)com

Erinys moved close to him and William wrapped his right arm around her body, allowing the Half-ling to rest her head on his chest.

"I have thought about many things, and decided on one thing," William said as he looked at Shannon. "I need to return to the Central Continent. That is the only way I can regain the memories that I have lost."

Shannon sighed internally after hearing William's words. Although she nodded her head in understanding, she was still reluctant to return right away. Also, there was one more hidden danger waiting for them in the Central Continent, and she needed to be sure that William would be safe from that danger when they returned.

Suddenly, Shannon felt something as she shifted her gaze Eastwards. Although she was looking at the wall of their house, her vision extended past it and gazed in the distance.Â 

Soon, a bitter smile appeared on her beautiful face, which made the Half-Elf who was paying close attention to her frown.

"Two days," Shannon said before slowly shifting her attention back to William. "We will return to the Central Continent in two days. I needed some time to prepare the portal that will send us back to the Ainsworth Empire."

"Okay." William nodded. "We leave in two days."

In truth, the Half-Elf felt relieved that they didn't need to leave right away.Â 

Although he looked calm on the surface, he still wasn't ready to return and face the responsibilities that were waiting for him back at the Central Continent.Â 

In truth, William was afraid. He was afraid that he would be unable to meet everyone's expectations of him after his return.Â 

As if sensing his anxiety, Shannon smiled and stood up from her seat to sit beside the Half-Elf.

"It will be fine," Shannon said as she caressed William's face. "You are never alone. I am here with you, Erinys is here with you, and many more will be by your side. Even if the Army of Destruction arrives tomorrow, we will fight by your side. Don't worry, Erinys is a Ferryman of the Underworld, and the daughter of the God of Death. After you die, she will take care of you. Am I right, Erinys?"

"Yes." Erinys nodded her head.Â 

William didn't know if he should laugh or cry about Shannon's comforting words. Clearly, the Fox Lady was taking things lightly, and even dying didn't seem like such a big deal to her.Â 

"... You're already thinking about dying," William lightly pinched Shannon's waist, making the Fox Lady giggle. "I thought we were going to fight against the Army of Destruction together?"Â 

"I am just planning ahead," Shannon replied in an innocent tone. "It's not bad to plan for the future, right?"

Shannon felt as if the burden that she was carrying in her heart disappeared after telling William the truth. She thought that the Half-Elf would hate her after knowing that she had schemed to kidnap him after he lost his memories, but her worst fear didn't happen.

Although she thought that it was partly because William had lost his memories, and was unable to make a proper decision about what she did, she was still happy that he had recognized her as his lover.

They had made love so many times her hips were almost dislocated due to William's peerless stamina. If not for the fact that she had lost consciousness, the Half-Elf might have continued to make love with her until dawn.

"What do you plan to do first after we return to the Central Continent?" Erinys asked. "Will you focus on regaining your memory first?"

William nodded. "Yes. The sooner I get them, the better. Also, didn't you promise to make love with me after I regained them? You'd better not run away when that time comes."

Erinys face reddened after hearing William's words, but she didn't refute his words.Â 

Shannon, on the other hand, just giggled and kissed William's cheek.

"I'm pretty sure that Erinys will have to wait a few days before she can fulfill her promise to you," Shannon said in a teasing tone. "I doubt that your First Wife, whom you haven't consummated your wedding night with, and your fiance, Estelle, whom you have promised to marry, won't allow you to shift your attention to other women aside from them after your memories have returned.

"There is also Belle. Actually, you should be more worried about her. If I remember correctly, I believed that she muttered something about castrating you when I was spying on her."

William didn't know why, but after hearing Belle's name, he felt a cold sweat forming on his forehead.Â 

"Castration? Isn't that a bit too much?" William tried to laugh it off, but no laughter could come out from his lips. "She's not really going to castrate me, right? I mean, you girls won't allow it, right?"

Shannon and Erinys exchanged a glance before pulling William to the bedroom.Â 

"I don't know if she will really castrate you or not, but before that happens, I'll take this opportunity to monopolize it, while it's still connected to your body," Shannon giggled. "After all, we only have two days left before our return. I'll have my fill till then."

Erinys, who had promised to herself, and William, that she wouldn't allow him to make love with her, until she regained his memory, also accompanied the two to the bedroom.Â 

Although she wouldn't go all the way, she was more than willing to learn the many ways she could make the Half-Elf feel good before they returned to the Central Continent, where the Half-Elf's many wives and lovers were dying to hold him in their embrace.