Two days later… 

William yawned as he cooked their lunch for the day.

Shannon and Erinys were still asleep because both of them slept very late last night. After tasting the forbidden fruit, the Fox Lady would tumble on the sheets with William for hours, until she was too exhausted to even lift her finger.

The Half-Elf understood that Shannon was taking advantage of the time they had together, but he was still overwhelmed by the Fox Lady's libido. Fortunately, his stamina was surprisingly good, so he was able to go all the way with her until she lost consciousness.

Erinys, on the other hand, may not be as resilient as Shannon, but her tenacity surprised even the Half-Elf who treated her with great care. 

Since he couldn't go all the way with her, the only things Wiliam did with the Half-ling were hugs, kisses, and a little bit of foreplay. Even so, that was more than enough to make her climax several times, until she was exhausted.

Since the three of them only fell asleep three hours before dawn, William was expecting the two of them to wake up around lunch time. This was why he decided to prepare their lunch beforehand, so the two could eat as soon as they woke up.

< Your first wife's name is Wendy, and you first met her in the Hellan Royal Academy. >

"What is she like?" William asked as he continued to grill the fishes he had caught earlier.

< Let's just say that she is strong willed. When the two of you met, she was the one that took the initiative for the two of you to be together. >

"Was I happy being with her?"

< Yes. You were happy with her. She was the first girl you opened up your heart to after your short visit on Earth to reunite with Belle, during the trial in the Kyrintor Mountains. >

After Optimus had reached out to him, the Half-Elf no longer hesitated and asked him a lot of questions about his past life. Although he already knew how to regain his memories, he still wanted to have a better understanding of the people he interacted with in the past.

"The elf named Pearl, you said that she hates me, right?" William asked. "Will she agree to help me?"

< I don't think it's whether she agrees or not. It's more like, she will be too afraid to not help you. Listen, Will. I'm sure you can't remember, but the Elves have all been turned into Drows because of you. If Pearl where to refuse to help you, the entire Silvermoon Continent would become her enemy. >

"... I guess I don't have to worry about her anymore?"

< Mmm. Just ask Astrape, or Chloee, to drag her back to the Ainsworth Empire and get it over with. >

The Half-Elf smiled. Although Optimus' voice was quite robotic, he could still sense the mischievousness hidden in his words.

"About my soul, is there a way to fix it?" William inquired. "A quarter of my soul is sleeping in the Bell of Anthanasia, while half of it disappeared after my two familiars died. Is there a possibility to make me whole again?"

< … The possibility exists. But, I don't have enough data to support this claim. I'd like to believe that it is possible. Still, if you want answers, you will need to return to the Tower of Babylon, and reach the 100th Floor. Make sure to bring Celeste with you. She is the one that helped you become a Familiamancer. >

William sighed. After Shannon had shown him what became of his two Familiars, Elliot and Conan, he felt a deep sadness that came from the very depths of his soul. 

Although he couldn't remember them, the sacrifice they made in order to help him during the battle in the Demon Continent touched his heart. He hoped that there was a possibility to revive the two of them again, and once again complete his soul.

That way, he would be able to unlock the full power of the System. Optimus told him that the current him was unable to use the System's full potential. Forcing himself to use it would only take a toll on his soul and body, which would lead to his demise.

"So, the agenda is to first recover my memories then go to the Tower of Babylon," William stated. "Anything else?"

  < Going to the Tower of Babylon might have to wait. You will need to work with Hope to retrieve your wives from the Underworld first. The God of Death said that you need to kill Belle before he releases the souls of your wives. However, since you can't do that anymore, you will need to do something else entirely. >

"... We're talking about Erinys' father, right?"

< Yes. The God of Death that has a veeeeeeeeeeeery strong grudge against you. >

William scratched his head because the hurdle was already too high to begin with. How could he possibly sneak past the God of Death in his own Domain and retrieve the souls of his wives under his nose?

"What about this Nisha Lady?" William inquired. "Shannon said that she took me away to protect me from her. What's her story?"

< Nisha is the avatar of your Sugar Mama. >

"What sugar mama?"

< Ask the readers. They call the Primordial Goddess, Sugar Mama. >

"Dafuk?"

Just as William was about to ask another question, a still sleepy Erinys stepped outside the house and headed towards him, as he continued to grill fish outdoors.

"Good morning," William greeted the yawning Half-ling with a smile. "Are you hungry? The fish is nearly done."

"Good morning," Erinys replied. "The smell woke me up. It smells good."

The Half-ling was wearing a pink, one-piece nightdress, instead of her regular pajamas. This was something that she had bought recently when the three of them started to live on the deserted island together due to Shannon's influence.

Since it was only the three of them living there, the Half-ling didn't even bother to change clothes, and went to look for William after smelling the fish that he was grilling.

The two exchanged a kiss on the lips, which lasted only for a few seconds, before she sat on William's lap. 

Just as the two were about to have a conversation, William's strong hearing picked up a humming sound that came from above their heads.

A moment later, a flying ship, which was much bigger than Erinys' own ship, appeared in the distance and was headed in their direction.

It didn't take long before the ship arrived at the island and landed dozens of meters away from where the Half-Elf and Half-ling were seated.

"So, this is where you've been hiding him," a black-haired beauty said as she gazed down at the two people that were on the ground. 

"Fortunately, we have someone on board that could find him, otherwise, we would have certainly flown past this island," a silver-haired lady with crimson eyes commented as her gaze locked on the Half-Elf whom they had been searching for the past few days.

Suddenly, a lady with long blonde hair jumped off from the ship. 

A pair of wings sprouted from behind her back, which allowed her to land gently in front of the Half-Elf, whose eyes widened in shock after seeing her up close.

"Come, Will," Wendy said softly as she extended her hand to the red-headed teenager whom she missed terribly. "Your short vacation is over. It's time to go back home. Everyone is waiting for your return."Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

William, who recognized the blonde beauty as his first wife, Wendy, took a deep breath before extending his own hand to grab hold of her hand.

Looking at the ladies that were gazing at him with love, and affection, the Half-Elf felt in his heart that he was about to return to the place where he belonged.

—----

End of Volume 8: The Ending of a Fairy Tale