Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

"Um, can you please untie her?" William asked as he pointed at Shannon, who was tied to the main mast of the flying ship. "That looks very uncomfortable."

"It's fine," Wendy replied with a smile. "It's not like she will die from being buffeted by strong winds, and exposed to the heat of the sun."

"That's right, Will, would you like more cookies?" Estelle smiled as she prepared to hand feed the Half-Elf with the cookies she just baked. "Eat them while they are still fresh. Erinys, you can have some as well."

"Thank you." Erinys picked up a cookie and took a bite. "It is good."

"I'm glad you liked it. Have more. There is plenty for everyone."

"Don't mind if I do."

The corner of the Half-Elf's lips twitched as he looked at the Fox Lady's current state, which was quite different from the Half-ling, who was being treated like a little sister by everyone present.

Perhaps, noticing his discomfort, the black-haired beauty lightly tugged on his clothes to make him look at her.

< Don't worry about Shannon. She got it easy. Originally, we planned to toss her on an active volcano and let her sink into magma. But, since you told us to spare her, we decided to not punish her too severely. >

For some reason. The Half-Elf still couldn't hear Belle's voice, so Optimus decided to translate whatever she was saying to William to make communication easier for both parties.

"Thank you," William replied. "Since she and Erinys are now my lovers, I don't want her to be hurt."

< Hahaha. She got off easy, >

Belle smiled, but her smile never reached her eyes. Clearly, she still hadn't forgiven the Fox Lady for kidnapping William right under their noses during the battle at the Palace of Light.

Aside from Wendy, Estelle, and Belle, there were other people on the flying ships as well.

The Seven Virtues, Celeste, Lira, Ephemera, Shana, Melody, Audrey, and Cherry were also on the Flying Ship.Â 

To William's surprise, there was also a purple-haired little girl, a golden piglet, and a floating mace, who were all seated opposite him.

This was the search party that had come to look for William after the battle ended.Â 

The reason why the Seven Virtues were there was due to the fact that they didn't want to be near Nisha after what happened to Celeste and Cherry.Â 

Because of this, they took the flagship of the Holy Order of Light and traveled to the Western Continent, without notifying anyone, to look for the missing Half-Elf, whom they believed would protect them from the Steward that handled the administration of Wiliam's territories.Â 

Lira, Ephemera, and Melody, were all looking at William with longing. Unfortunately, they couldn't go near him because Wendy, Estelle, and Belle stuck to him like glue.

The three knew that they were the Half-Elf's secret mistresses, and in front of his legal wives and fiance, their position was a bit lower in the hierarchy.Â 

Medusa, who was unaware of this tense atmosphere, happily fed Bacon (Gullinbursti), Sharur, and Cherry the cookies that Estelle had baked.Â 

She was quite relieved to see her Master again, but was also sad because the Half-Elf had lost his memories.Â 

Celeste, who was the main reason they had been able to find William, sat quietly in the corner of the room. Among the people on the flying ship, her connection with the red-headed teenager was the strongest because she could tell the general direction of where the Half-Elf was, even with her eyes closed.

Everyone knew about the Prophecy about the beautiful Elf being William's Bride of Darkness.Â 

However, since they believed that the Prophecy was already over, they thought that Celeste's role in the Half-Elf's life had ended, at least, that was what everybody thought at the moment.

Whatever, what Celeste thought of the matter no one knew aside from herself. For now, she just sat quietly, and observed the Half-Elf who had lost all of his memories.

"After you disappeared, the different Kingdoms, and Empires, in the Central Continent all officially acknowledged the legitimacy of the Ainsworth Empire," Wendy explained. "They have sent many envoys, bringing gifts to the Royal Palace, but since you weren't there, Nisha stored them in the treasure room for you to view at your leisure."

William nodded. Although he wasn't interested in treasures, he felt that he needed to give a response to Wendy, in order to make the latter understand that he was listening to her.

"The survivors of the Holy Order of Light were all captured, but thanks to your niece, Eve, none of them were executed," Estelle commented from the side. "All of them were locked up on the Floor of Asgard to prevent them from doing anything reckless.Â 

"You will have to pass judgment on them after you regain your memories. For the time being, your fiance, Lilith, is keeping watch on Nisha's movements, with the help of the Amazons who have also arrived in the Ainsworth Empire, whom Empress Andraste sent to assist her."

The Half-Elf once again nodded his head in understanding.Â 

While this was happening, Optimus was actively showing him the images of his family members, including his cousin, Eve, who had helped spare the lives of the members of the organization that blindly followed the Pope's orders.

"Um, there is something that I want to discuss with everyone," William said after having a short chat with Optimus inside his head. "I need to see six people when I return to the Central Continent. Their names are Haleth, Amelia, Pearl, Priscilla, Anh, and Vesta. I believe they hold the method in order for me to regain my memory."

"Is that true?" Wendy looked overjoyed after hearing William's words. "Don't worry. We will gather them for you."

In truth, after the battle ended, they found out that the purpose of the Holy Light was to completely erase a person's memories. Because of this, all of William's lovers had become depressed for a time because they believed that his memories were gone forever.Â 

Even Princess Aila, who held some of Belle's Memories, was also depressed because it took a lot of effort for her to become one of William's lovers.Â 

Although she would gladly return his memories of Belle to him. The fact remained that the only one that the Half-Elf would remember was the black-haired beauty and no one else.

"Thank you," William smiled before shifting his attention to the Elf who was looking at him from a distance. "Your name is Celeste, right? There is something that I need to discuss with you in private. Will you be free to talk later?"

Celeste, who had suddenly been called out of the blue, wasn't able to immediately respond to the Half-Elf's question. She didn't expect that there was something that William needed from her after losing his memories.Â  Vissit nğ’velbin(.)cğ’m for ğ’ew ğ’ovels

Half a minute later, Celeste regained her composure and nodded her head.

"I am free," Celeste replied. "We can talk later."

"Thank you." William smiled at the beautiful Elf, making the ladies in front of him wonder what he was up to.Â 

They were not aware that these casual words from William would allow Celine's twin sister, Celeste, to find the missing piece of the puzzle that she had been searching for all of her life.