Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Several days later, the Flagship of the Holy Order of Light finally arrived at the Central Continent.

Their first destination was none other than the Ainsworth Empire, where the majority of William's subordinates were waiting for his return.

During the war, all of them had come out from the Thousand Beast Domain, in order to fight for him. 

When the Half-Elf was hit with the Holy Light from the Pope, those who had the ability to freely enter it like Chloee, were unable to do so. Simply put, all the "settings" that the Half-Elf had were reset.

It was like clearing the cache, cookies, and trash bin of your computer. Everything was wiped clean, so William had to open the portal that led to the Thousand Beast Domain, in order for his subordinates, especially the members of the Demonic Tribes, to return to the place that they now call home.

Medusa, Cherry, and Shana had pestered William to open the gate for them because they wanted to return.

The Virtuous Lady of Prudence was even able to ask for some "Merit Points" from William, after giving the Half-Elf a kiss, which made him blush, making Shana tease him until he relented. 

Actually, the one who was in charge of giving the Merit Points was Optimus and not William. However, since the Half-Elf didn't know how to do it, the System passed twenty thousand merit points to the blue-haired lady, so that she would no longer pester William.

Getting her reward, she gave the Half-ELf another kiss before happily entering the Thousand Beast Domain.

Surprisingly, it was not only the three ladies who entered William's domain. Audrey also accompanied them. 

Now that the battle between the Half-Elf and the Holy Order of Light was over, the Virtuous Lady of Fortitude decided to explore the Thousand Beast Domain, which had fascinated her since the moment she first saw it.

Erinys was dragged by her two playmates, Medusa and Cherry to the Thousand Beast Domain, which the latter didn't resist because she felt at ease at having friends that were the same height as her. 

Lira, Ephemera, Melody, and Celeste, on the other hand, remained. Among these four ladies, the first three wanted nothing more than to grab William and lock him inside a room with only the three of them.

Unfortunately, they were unable to do that because Wendy, Estelle, and Belle, were currently present, and they weren't able to overcome the hierarchy in William's harem, especially when the First Wife was there.

Wendy sighed as she looked at the three ladies who were looking at William as if they wanted to eat him.

"It will still take us two days to arrive at our destination," Wendy said as he looked at William. "Why don't you accompany Lira, Ephemera, and Melody during that time? I'm sure that they wanted to talk to you about many things."

When the three Virtuous Ladies heard Wendy's voice, they all looked at her as if she was an angel. 

Originally, they thought that they wouldn't be able to have an opportunity to spend some time with William on their journey because Wendy wouldn't allow it. Who would have thought that his First Wife was this understanding?

In that instant, the three girls' opinions of Wendy changed. It was only William, who suddenly found himself being dragged by three beauties towards their room, who was unable to comprehend the current situation.

"You're more understanding than I originally thought," Belle commented. 

"They're already part of the family," Wendy replied with a smile. "If possible, I want everyone to have a good relationship with each other."

Belle sighed. The number of women that William currently had far exceeded the limit that she asked of him. 

But, there was nothing that could be done about it because this happened after losing his memories of her, making him forget the promise he made to her as well. 

The rice was already cooked, and it could not be uncooked. Since that was the case, Belle could only get along with William's other wives, and lovers, whom she believed already numbered in the 30's.

Estelle had no comment whatsoever. She had long gotten over the possibility of the Half-Elf having a harem, so she made peace with it long ago. 

She was very confident that William would attract the honey and the bees, the moment he left the Southern Continent. Also, as a member of the Royal Family, she already knew that Kings and Emperors could have many wives and concubines. 

The silver-haired lady already knew how much William loved and cared for her. They had already shared many passionate moments inside William's Sea of Consciousness in the past because it was the only place where she could transform into a girl.

The Half-Elf had taught her many things. In fact, everything that William had learned from the Life Archon, Owen, was shared with Estelle back then.

It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that when it came to a spiritual relationship, Estelle had managed to take the lead from Wendy and Ashe, who shared his love back in the Southern Continent.

"Now that the peanut gallery is gone, let's all discuss the important matters," Wendy said with a serious expression on her face. "One of us must always be by William's side, to ensure that Nisha wouldn't be able to make her move against him."

Estelle and Belle nodded their heads because Shannon had warned them about the danger that Nisha posed to the Half-Elf who had lost his memories.

The biggest reason behind why they also left without notifying anyone, was due to the fact that they wanted to keep William's whereabouts a secret from the veiled beauty, who had used her Organization to sweep the entirety of the Central Continent to look for her Dark Prince.

"I will also talk to Bronte and Titania and ask them to always accompany him," Wendy added. "As for Astrape, I will ask her to go to the Silvermoon Continent to bring Pearl to the Ainsworth Empire. According to Will, he needs her in order to regain his memories alongside Haleth, Priscilla, Amelia, Vesta, Anh, and Erinys."

Estelle pressed her hands together as she glanced at the two ladies beside her.

"I don't know why, but I get this feeling that there is something that we have overlooked," Estelle stated. 

"You, too?" Belle asked. "I also have this nagging feeling in the back of my mind that won't go away. I didn't think much of it because I don't want to think I was becoming paranoid. How about you, Wendy?"Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Actually, the moment we snuck out of the Central Continent, I had a feeling that something would happen, while we were away," Wendy admitted. "I just don't know what it is."

It was at that moment when Celeste appeared in the living room with a troubled expression on her face.

"I just talked to Chloee and she told me some troubling news," Celeste said. "After I asked her to look for the ladies that William needed to gather, she found out that Haleth, Amelia, and Priscilla were missing. She said the last time she saw the three was when Nisha asked them to help with the management of the Demonic Continent. She hasn't heard from them since then."

Wendy, Estelle, and Belle, suddenly had grim expressions on their faces. They didn't expect the veiled-lady to already be two steps ahead of them, which threw a wrench in their plans.

As William's Steward, Nisha was capable of using her authority to do things as she pleased. Now that three of the seven ladies they needed to find Hope were gone, they would have to find a way to retrieve them before the Avatar of the Primordial Goddess did anything else to get in the way of the Half-Elf's full recovery. 