Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

"I think we should talk to her," William said after hearing Celeste's explanation, who had just finished talking with Chloee.

"But, that is dangerous," Wendy stated. "We don't know what she will do to you when she gets the chance."

"That's right," Lira commented as she held William's hand. "Nisha is the enemy that the Pope has been fighting all these years. Even with our strength, we were unable to find her whereabouts, and the power of Deus has spread throughout the entire world. Will, she's probably more dangerous than the Pope. You should just leave this matter to us."

William gave Lira's hand a light squeeze in order to comfort her.

"The thing is, I don't think that the missing girls will turn up even if you confront her," William explained. "The sooner we deal with this issue, the sooner this matter will be cleared up. Also, you girls will be there to protect me, so we have nothing to worry about."

"That is true. But, it is still too dangerous." Melody, who was holding onto William's right arm, was feeling restless at the thought of losing the Half-Elf again. 

It was the William who was tainted with darkness that had managed to subdue her, but even then, he treated her with respect, and tenderness, making her fall in love with him. 

The current Half-Elf was a stark contrast to his cold and confident persona. He was now very casual, blushed easily, was easily swayed, and worried needlessly. She and her sisters discovered this new personality of his when they dragged him to their room to give him their overflowing love.

Melody, as well as her sisters, loved these traits as well, but she found the red-headed teenager too innocent to deal with the veiled beauty, who didn't bat an eye when it came to cutting off the arms of her sisters.

"Everyone please listen to me," William stated. "I think that if we don't address this now, this might become more troublesome in the future. With the power and influence she wields at the moment, what is stopping her from doing something else? It might be Haleth, Amelia, and Priscilla, right now, but after that? She might also target others."

The Half-Elf shook his head. 

"Also, I think she did what she did because she is already aware of my condition," William explained. "I know that this might seem weird coming from me, but I don't think she has any intention of hurting them, or me."Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Estelle sighed while gazing at the red-headed teenager, who was being hugged by Lira and Melody. 

"You're being too optimistic," Estelle commented. "What would you do if she had intentions to harm you?"

William gave Estelle a bitter smile. Last night, he had a dream. In that dream, he found himself in a very dark place. However, for some reason, he was able to see his surroundings.

Seated on an obsidian throne was an otherworldly beauty that made William's heart skip a beat. He instinctively knew that the person in front of him wasn't a mortal, but a Goddess.

In that dream, the Primordial Goddess and William talked about many things. Perhaps it was about his lovers, his family, his life, his future, and what he should be doing moving forward. 

They talked about many things, and yet, he had already forgotten all of them after he woke up, except for one phrase.

"I will never hurt you."

The Half-Elf could feel the sincerity behind her words and, because of this, he was willing to meet with Nisha, whom he believed had ties with the Goddess he met in his dream.

He wanted to tell them about the dream he had, but he felt as if doing it would be wrong for some reason.

But, since he had already decided to meet with her, the Half-Elf remained firm, forcing the ladies around him to compromise.

"Very well, but we three will go with you," Wendy said. "The rest of you will be responsible for gathering Vesta, Anh, and Erinys."

"Oh, please add Princess Aila as well," William interjected. "She holds some of my memories as well."

The Half-Elf then gazed at the black-haired beauty who was paying close attention to him.

"She holds some of my memories of you," William clarified. "Although they are fragmented, I want to know more about you."

Belle felt touched after hearing William's words. Currently, the Half-Elf was unable to hear her voice because the Primordial Goddess had placed a curse on William's body, preventing him from hearing her voice.

Even with the power of the Holy Light, this curse wasn't erased like William's memories, because the power of the Primordial Goddess far exceeded what the scepter of Light could purify.

William didn't know why the Primordial Goddess was targeting Belle. She must have a good reason for doing so, and he wanted to know what that reason was.

"We can't waste anymore time," William said. "The sooner I get my memories, the sooner we can prepare for what is about to come. Just trust me on this one, okay?"

The ladies exchanged glances with each other before nodding their heads. 

"Understood, we will believe in you." Wendy nodded.

"Thank you, Wendy," William replied.

When everything was said and done, the flying ship once again resumed its journey, and sped towards the Ainsworth Empire at full speed.

—-----

Meanwhile, somewhere in the Temple of the Gods…

"You surprised me," the Primordial Goddess said before moving the Queen Piece forward. "What you did was truly unexpected. How many years did you plan for that to happen?"

"Thousands of years," a beautiful Goddess replied as she moved her knight to press the Primordial Goddess into the defensive. "It wasn't easy, but everything has now come full circle."

The Primordial Goddess nodded, as she lazily rested the side of her face on the palm of her hands, while gazing at the chessboard.

"Do you think they have a chance?" the Primordial Goddess asked as her Queen Piece took down the beautiful Goddess' Bishop. 

"There is always hope," the Beautiful Goddess replied as she placed her Queen down, making the Primordial Goddess frown. "But, you're keeping that Hope away. Checkmate."

"Hah… if only the Fate of the World could be decided by a chess game. Alas, that doesn't work in reality, right??"

"Indeed. But, isn't it about time you let go of the grudge you have towards that girl? After all, it has been thousands of years already."

The Primordial Goddess smiled sweetly, and yet, the Beautiful Goddess in front of her knew that this smile wasn't one of happiness, but one of scorn.

"The crime of destroying an entire Pantheon isn't something to be taken lightly."

"Gods are born, and Gods die. You already know that they don't die completely, but just enter another cycle. Isn't it about time you forgive her already?"

"Heh… this is coming from one of the handful of Gods who survived the destruction of her own Pantheon?"

This time, it was the Beautiful Goddess that smiled.

"Aren't you the same?" the Beautiful Goddess asked back. "Hestia is just one of the countless worlds out there in the multiverse. But, those that mattered to us congregated in that world, making it the focus of our attention."

"And yet, it's about to be destroyed."

"Perhaps. But, the least you can do is give it a chance, right? After all, you don't want your favorite… soul to wander aimlessly through the Cycle of Reincarnation for the umpteenth time, right?"

The Primordial Goddess, glanced down from the heavens as if considering the Beautiful Goddess words. 

She could see the Flagship of the Holy Order of Light flying towards the Ainsworth Empire, where her Avatar, Nisha, was waiting for William's return.

Her plan had already been flipped completely on its head by the unexpected move of the beautiful goddess in front of her, and all that was left was to pick up the remaining pieces.

It was a very rare occasion, but right now, the Primordial Goddess was given two choices.

Watch the world be destroyed and start from scratch.

Or, give it a chance, and see if a miracle was going to happen.

'Well, I can always drag him to the Elysian Fields at the last second,' the Primordial Goddess thought as she flicked her King Piece, making it fall on the chessboard. 

She had waited thousands of years for a chance to get what she wanted. The question was, would she be willing to wait thousands more to get the ending she deserved?