Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The Flying Ship landed inside the Palace Grounds of the Ainsworth Empire.

Immediately, all the Pseudo-Gods, the Demon Patriarchs, as well as William's subordinates, came to greet the return of their Emperor, and Master.

William stood on the deck of the flagship and gazed at everyone that had gathered to meet him. He was overwhelmed by emotions, because he didn't expect that so many would come to see him.

Suddenly, the Half-Elf found himself being hugged by a young nymph who had flown towards him when she heard the news of his arrival.

Loxos clung to the Half-Elf, and kissed him passionately in front of everyone, making those who saw it cheer and whistle because of her boldness.

"Ugh… can't she just wait until it is only the two of them?" Opis, who was feeling embarrassed due to her sister's actions, covered her face. 

"You know Loxos doesn't think about these things," Hekaerge commented. "She acts before she thinks."

"That is what makes it worse."

"Well, look at the bright side. At least everyone now recognizes her as William's lover."

When the passionate kiss ended, Loxos pulled back and stared at the Half-Elf whose face had become flushed due to the unexpected turn of events.

"I was very worried," Loxos said as she cupped William's face. "I really thought that I wouldn't see you again."

​ The Half-Elf was very tempted to say, "Who are you?" but knew that if he said that, the young beauty in front of him might become heartbroken, so he only smiled and patted her head.

"I'm back…"

< Her name is Loxos. >

"I'm back, Loxos," William said softly as he continued to pat the young lady's head. "Have you been good while I was away?"

"Yes," Loxos replied. 

She then stood on tiptoe and whispered something in William's ear, making the Half-Elf blush.

"Okay." William nodded. "Let's meet again later."

Loxos' smiled and her smile was so bright, it made William feel guilty about lying to her. 

However, since he needed to act like everything was under his control, he walked down the flight of stairs, and descended from the Flying Ship under everyone's gaze.

It was not only his subordinates that had come to greet him. Representatives from the other Kingdoms and Empires of the Central Continent were also there to see him.

After winning the battle against the Holy Order of Light, the Ainsworth Empire had become the center point of everyone's attention within the Central Continent.

Nisha, who was managing the territories under William's command, had dealt with them properly, while waiting for the Half-Elf to return.

"Welcome back, Your Majesty," Nisha bowed respectfully to the Half-Elf who had finally returned to his Empire. "There are many matters of state that need to be discussed, but we can wait until tomorrow to talk. I'm sure that you are tired of your long journey. Your room has already been prepared, and servants are already waiting to assist you. Please, let's head inside the palace."

William nodded as he followed behind Nisha. 

Wendy, Estelle, and Belle, were right behind him. Just like their original plan, they wouldn't allow the veiled-lady to take advantage of William in his current state.

Nisha only smiled from underneath her veil when she saw how overprotective William's wives and lovers were of the Half-Elf.

'What are they so worried about?' Nisha thought. 'I'm not going to bite him. Well, on second thought, I might just do that later.'

The veiled-beauty continued to walk along the palace hallways, until they arrived at the Emperor's Chamber, which was William's personal quarters when he was in the Ainsworth Empire.

"Nisha, there is something that I need to talk to you about," William said right after he entered his quarters, alongside his wives. "Are you free right now?"

"Rest for now, Your Majesty, we can talk tomorrow… or tonight if you really want to," Nisha replied. "I have many things to discuss with you, and I hope that we can talk in private."

"Sorry, but we need to talk right now," William insisted. "Time is of the essence for me. Also, I will greatly appreciate it if you wouldn't lie to me."

Nisha observed the Half-Elf whose green eyes locked onto the veil that was covering her face.Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"Is it really important?" Nisha asked.

"Very important," William replied. "At least, it is very important to me."

Nisha nodded. "Then, shall we discuss this while properly seated? I've been moving from place to place, and truth be told I'm quite exhausted myself, Your Majesty."

"Of course," William gestured for her to sit on the couch inside his room. 

When everyone was properly seated, William asked the most important question of all.

"I need to meet with Haleth, Amelia, and Priscilla, can you tell me where they are?" William asked.

"Of course," Nisha replied. "The three of them are currently assisting me in taking care of the remnants of the Demon Lord's faction. They were feeling restless about not doing anything, so I sent them there to keep their minds occupied. 

"Haleth, in particular, was very worried about you, so in order to take her mind off things, she decided to help with the clean up of Felix's underlings for you."

"..."

"..."

"..."

Wendy, Estelle, and Belle didn't expect that the three people that they were looking for had only gone on an errand in the Demon Continent. They had suspected that Nisha might have abducted them and was holding them hostage somewhere in order to force William to listen to her demands.

The Half-Elf also felt relieved because his worst fears hadn't become a reality. The atmosphere inside the room also grew less tense after they found out the whereabouts of the three ladies that they were looking for.

"Do you want to meet them now, Your Majesty?" Nisha asked.

"Yes," William replied. "Can we go right away?"

"But of course," the veiled beauty stood up and extended her hand to the Half-Elf. "I would love to guide his Majesty to meet with them now."

William smiled and accepted her hand, allowing Nisha to pull him up. A moment later, a bright flash of light descended upon the two of them, making them disappear from where they stood.

"""... Sh*t."""

The three ladies inside the room cursed out loud after seeing William disappear right in front of them. 

After being told that the three ladies they were looking for were just in the Demon Continent, doing a cleanup operation, Wendy, Estelle, and Belle lowered their guard. 

Also, since they were in the same room as William, they didn't expect that Nisha would have a way to take the Half-Elf away in a manner that they didn't expect.

"She was granted permission to use the Bifrost Bridge!" Wendy, who was first to realize what had just happened, pinched the bridge of her nose. "By the Gods, I hate that woman."

Estelle and Belle looked at each other in dismay. How could they possibly catch up to Nisha, who could practically use the Bifrost Bridge to take them anywhere in the Central Continent?

"Let's go to the Floor of Asgard." Wendy sighed as she stood up. "Maybe we can track their movements from there. I just hope she doesn't do anything funny to Will."

The three ladies hurried to leave the room and went to look for Astrape and Bronte.

Among William's subordinates, only the two Pseudo-Gods could take people and travel at the speed of lightning towards their destination.

The Primordial Goddess who was watching this scene from the heavens giggled because she had already planted this idea inside Nisha's head the moment she got an opportunity.

Now that the veiled-beauty was alone with the Half-Elf, who had lost his memories, she would be able to have a nice, and long, talk with him, without the interference of his wives and lovers, who stuck to him like glue.