Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

William blinked when he found himself on top of a cliff, overlooking an encampment at the bottom.

Several Demons were moving around, and seemed to be busy hauling supplies from inside a cave. There were also several Humans around, which the Half-Elf assumed to be part of Deus, who were under Nisha's command.

"Look over there, Your Majesty," Nisha pointed in the distance where a lady with long blonde hair, and green eyes, was busy writing something on a scroll. 

The red-headed teenager looked at the beautiful lady, whom he had seen from one of the projections that the System had shown him inside his Sea of Consciousness.

'Haleth…,' William thought as he looked at the Half-Elf, who had confessed her feelings for him back in the Trade City of Alabaster. 

"Haleth is helping me write the inventory of the supplies they confiscated from Felix's minions who had gone into hiding," Nisha explained. "Fortunately, we managed to capture one of their leaders and tortur– I mean, interrogate them until they spilled the beans."

The corner of William's lips twitched because he had already known how notorious the veiled-woman beside him was. If the latter didn't even bat an eye at dismembering the arms of Celeste and Cherry then what kind of torture had she performed on the pitiful leader that was also one of Felix's former subordinates.

"Ah, looks like the two of them have also finished rounding up the rebels," Nisha stated as she pointed at the flying ship that appeared in the sky. "Can you see them from here, Your Majesty? Amelia and Priscilla are inside that Flying Ship."

The Half-Elf gazed at the flying ship in the distance and narrowed his eyes. As if using a pair of binoculars, his vision zoomed in on the deck of the flying ship, and two pretty ladies. One of them had long green hair, green eyes, and was wearing glasses. He recognized this woman as Amelia.

She was the daughter of the Baron that Wiliam helped back in the Southern Continent when their barony was attacked by the Titanic Trollhound.

Beside her was a young lady with long, black hair, similar to Belle. 

She was none other than Priscilla, who used to be William's second in command back in the Hellan Royal Academy when he was still in charge of the Angorian War Sovereign.

Priscilla was also Princess Sidonie's loyal subordinate, who served as her spy and infiltrated the Hellan Royal Academy. After Princess Sidonie went with William to the Central Continent, she remained in the Southern Continent to support Princess Sidonie's younger brother, Carl, with managing the Kingdom she had left behind.

"As you can see, Your Majesty, all three of them are safe," Nisha said. 

William nodded. "I can see that. Thank you for giving me some peace of mind."

When Wiliam held Nisha's hand back in his room inside the Royal Palace, he didn't expect himself to be spirited away to the Demonic Continent in the blink of an eye.

He could already see Wendy, Estelle, and Belle, panicking because of his disappearance, which gave him a headache.

Nisha, who was responsible for his sudden disappearance, was taking things in stride, and even had a sweet smile on her face. It seemed that she found kidnapping William in front of his wives a very amusing thing to do.

"Is there anything else that you would like to see, Your Majesty?" Nisha asked. "If not, I would like to have a nice, long chat with you about very important matters."

The veiled-beauty held William's hand, and pressed it over her chest, making the Half-Elf blush. 

He was still not used to the bold advances of the beautiful women around him, and wondered how his former self was able to handle several women at once when they asked him to make love with them.

"Important matters?" William asked back. "What kind of important matters?"

Nisha didn't reply right away. Instead, she took off her veil as she stood in front of the Half-Elf. She then wrapped her arms around his waist, pulling him close to her, until their faces were only a few inches apart.

The Half-Elf subconsciously took a deep breath when he saw the otherworldly beauty standing in front of him. 

Nisha was probably one, if not of the most beautiful woman that William had seen in his lifetime, and that was something coming from someone who was always surrounded by beautiful women.

Her body gave off a faint smell of flowers that made him feel as if all of his worries had disappeared completely.

She had long black hair that reached down to her waist, and a pair of golden eyes that seemed to suck the soul out of anyone who saw them.

The Half-Elf could feel himself being reeled in by her gaze, but before he could completely fall into those golden depths, he forcefully tore his gaze away, allowing him to regain his composure.

"The reason why I wear a veil is because anyone who sees me would more or less have the same reaction," Nisha whispered in William's ears. "The weaker men would be helplessly charmed by my beauty, making them slaves to my whims. The strong-willed ones would covet my beauty, and want me to become their possession.

"However, none of them succeeded. To this day, the only one whom I've given my body to is you, but I'm sure you can't remember it now."

Nisha giggled as she took a step back, allowing William to take a breather. She found the current Half-Elf quite adorable, and was quite tempted to tease him, but Nisha knew that behind that innocent, and somewhat flustered appearance, was a young man who had experienced many things that even the most seasoned warrior hadn't seen in their lifetime.

"Are you ready to talk now, Your Majesty?" Nisha asked. 

William took a few deep breaths before he finally regained his composure. After making sure that his heart was stable, he once again gazed at the beautiful woman before nodding his head.

"Good." Nisha smiled. "Now, it is time for us to have a serious talk."

Suddenly, everything became dark.

William almost panicked because he couldn't see anything. 

He couldn't see the sun.

The Demons and Humans were gone.

Haleth, Amelia, and Priscilla were nowhere to be seen.

Everything had suddenly winked out of existence, until the only thing that surrounded him was pitch-black Darkness.

As a Half-Elf, who could see even in the dimmest cave, staring into complete and utter Darkness made his heart beat wildly inside his chest.

Suddenly, somewhere in that darkness, a soft, and silky voice reached Wiliam's ears, making him feel as if a heavy pressure had descended over his shoulders. 

"Who is more foolish? The child that is afraid of the dark, or the man that is afraid of the light?"

There was a faint trace of mischievousness in the voice, which made William wonder if the speaker wanted him to answer her questions, or if she just said that to tease the Half-Elf whose breathing had become ragged.

Optimus had already told him that the being that lurked within the Darkness was the same person that had turned him into the Prince of Darkness.

Because of this, he raised his guard and steeled his heart, as he waited for the Primordial Goddess to finally make her appearance.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))