Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Lilith's mouth hung open when she saw the familiar black-haired lady who had appeared in the center of the throne room.

How could she possibly forget the lady who had been part of an important turning point in her life?

"C-Cathy?" Lilith stuttered. "Is that really you?"

Cathy turned around and smiled at Lilith. "Hey, it's been a while, Lilith. I see that you're doing well."

"How come you're here?"

"Because I was needed?"

William, who had lost his memories, didn't know who the lady named Cathy was. But, after seeing that Lily was familiar with her, he looked at the Amazon Princess with the "can you please tell me who she is?" stare, which made Lilith decide to introduce the black-haired lady to everyone.

"Everyone, this is Cathy," Lilith said. "There was a time when William and I were sent to a place called the Deadlands. She was the one that helped control his bloodthirst by volunteering to give him some of her blood."

"Hello everyone, I am William's blood donor, Cathy," Cathy waved at the ladies inside the room. "I am also his Ninth Wife, it's a pleasure to meet all of you."

"..."

"..."

"..."

"..."

Almost everyone in the throne room became speechless after hearing Cathy's casual declaration of being one of William's future wives. None of them were expecting that the Hope they were looking for was the happy-go-lucky girl that was currently waving her hand at all of them, as if she was the winner of the Miss Universe Pageant.

Even Nisha, who was standing on the right side of William's throne, couldn't help but have doubts that the lady who had appeared in front of them would actually be able to help the Half-Elf recover his memories.

The red-headed teenager once again sat on his throne as he gazed at the lady whose attention had now shifted back to him.

Cathy wasn't beautiful, and calling her pretty was an overstatement. She looked slightly better than an average looking lady, giving her a score of 5 over 10 in the beauty rankings.

However, she had this appeal that attracted everyone to her. Even William couldn't help but feel that making her his ninth wife didn't sound like a bad idea.

"Okay, I know I'm pretty so stop ogling me," Cathy gave the Half-Elf a playful wink before blowing him a flying kiss. "What will you do if I get pregnant? Ah, just so you know, if I get pregnant, the seven ladies that summoned me will also become pregnant. So, if you want a buy one get 7 deal, this is the perfect opportunity to do that. I guarantee that all of them will give birth to healthy daughters!"

Nisha, who couldn't take Cathy's nonsense any longer, cleared her throat before getting to the main agenda.

"Your name is Cathy, right?" Nisha asked. "My name is Nisha, and I am the Emperor's steward, and Minister. We are very honored that you have graced us with your presence, but we are a little short on time. We have reason to believe that you can lead us to Hope, right?"

Cathy blinked once then twice before chuckling. After she finished her laughter, she made a curtsy and lightly bowed her head to the red-headed teenager.

"Allow me to introduce myself," Cathy said. "I go by many faces, and names, and Cathy is just one of my many personas. I am the Eighth Heavenly Virtue, Hope. Once again, it's a pleasure to meet your acquaintance, Your Majesty."

"Eight Heavenly Virtue…" William muttered. "I see. So that's what it is."

Cherry, tugged Audrey's robe as she pointed at Cathy who still had her head bowed to William.

"Is that weird lady over there one of our sisters?" Cherry asked.  Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"Shhh… don't let her hear you," Audrey replied in a hushed tone. "If someone asks, tell them that we're not related."

The other Heavenly Virtues all nodded their heads in agreement. Clearly, none of them wanted to be associated with the black-haired lady that they had labeled a weirdo. 

Shannon, who was also present in the throne room, looked at Cathy with an understanding gaze. As the Eighth Deadly Sin, and Cathy's counterpart, she knew more than anyone else that their powers couldn't be measured by their outward appearance and personalities. 

"Please, raise your head. It is my honor to meet you, Cathy," William replied. "I've been told that you can help me recover my memories. Is this true?

Cathy smiled and nodded. "Yes. I can help you recover your memories."

"Then can you please return my memories?"

"Eh? I'm not in the mood to do that right now."

The corner of everyone's lips twitched after hearing Cathy's reply because they didn't expect her to reject William's request without batting an eye.

"Forgive me for asking such an unreasonable request," William rested his hands over the armrest of his throne as he tried to hide his frustration. "I'm sure that this service will not come for free. Please, tell me, what do you want in exchange for returning my memories?"

A mischievous smile hung on Cathy's face as she gazed at the Half-Elf who was currently seated on the throne.

"I'm glad that his Majesty understands that there are no free lunches in this world," Cathy commented. "Sadly the current you is unable to give me what I want. Since that is the case, I'll just ask for an advance payment first, and settle the rest at a later time. Will you be fine with this kind of arrangement?"

"Yes," William replied. "Also, please don't be formal. Feel free to call me William, or Will."

Cathy raised her head and gave the Half-Elf a very sweet smile, which gave him a sudden urge to bite her and suck her blood.

"Alright, Will," Cathy commented. "Since your Stewards are in a hurry, and your wives and lovers seem to be feeling wary of me, shall we take a stroll in the garden? You know, just the two of us? I want to have a nice long talk with you. Also, we need to discuss the advance payment I want to ask from you."

William nodded his head and left the throne room with Cathy. He forbade anyone from following them, so that they could talk alone.

Of course, this order of his went into one ear and out the other, as his wives, lovers, and subordinates, used various means to try and eavesdrop on their conversation, in order to get a better understanding of the lady who claimed to be William's Ninth Wife.