Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"Isn't that William? He's one of the Revengers, right?"

"Omg! It is him! I wonder if I can get an autograph?"

"Who's that plain looking girl beside him? Is this a reenactment of the story of Handsome and the Beast?"

"I'm much more beautiful than that girl. Do you think if I went over to talk to them, Mr. William would ditch her and come with me instead?"

"Girl, take a good look at your face. A bullfrog is prettier than you."

Cathy giggled after hearing what the onlookers were saying. She was currently taking a stroll with William in one of the most famous attractions for couples in the city, and everyone was taking snapshots of the two of them as they walked past them.

"You're really famous, Will," Cathy commented. "Too bad, I am not as beautiful as your wives. They are saying that we're not a match for each other."

"Just ignore them," William replied as he walked hand in hand with Cathy. "Still, I didn't know that Earth and Midgard were the same."

"Are you feeling sentimental?" Cathy commented. "Do you want to visit the site where Camelot used to be? Or do you want to bring flowers to the grave of your father who exiled you during your teenage years?"

William didn't reply right away. He had experienced returning to Camelot when he was still the Prince of Darkness. He even fought against Lancelot and won, allowing himself to get over the grudges he held in the past.

Cathy didn't disturb Willam's thoughts and simply walked beside him. A few minutes later, the Half-Elf shook his head. He had already moved on, and there was no need to cling to what happened in the past.

"Would you like to have some ice cream?" William asked as they stopped at an Ice Cream shop. "You said that your senses are connected to the seven of them right, will they be able to taste the food that you eat?"

Cathy nodded. "We all share the same body. In fact, I can even transform myself to look like each and every one of them. Whenever you spend some time with them, you can think of it as me spending time with you. So even if I am not around, as long as you are interacting with them, you are also interacting with me at the same time. Pretty amazing, right?"

"When Shannon, Erinys, and I were on the uninhabited island…"

"No need to continue. I already said that I am them, and they are me. Meaning, I also experienced everything that Erinys experienced back then."

Cathy gave William a mischievous smile, making the Half-Elf avert his gaze. What he didn't know was that inside Cathy's Sea of Consciousness, all the girls were now interrogating Erinys about what happened when William was still on the island together with her and Shannon.

Cathy smiled internally, as she watched the Half-ling, whose face had already turned beet-red, after being pestered by her "sisters", who made up Cathy as a whole.

William, who was oblivious of what was happening, asked the lady beside him on what flavor of ice cream she wanted.

"What flavor do you like to have?" William inquired. 

"I'll have chocolate mint ice cream," Cathy replied. "I've always wanted to try it, but I was too busy doing things in the background."

"Busy? What things were you doing?"

"Did you forget, Will? I am Hope. Almost everyone in the world turns to me when they are encountering hardships. This is why I am quite busy. I only took a day off because of you. So, make sure to be happy that I allowed you to accompany me."

William eyed Cathy who was batting her eyes at him. He still didn't know how the power of Hope worked, so for now, he just assumed that the mischievous lady beside him was telling him the truth.

After getting the chocolate mint ice cream, Cathy didn't waste time and started to eat it.

"What's this? It's cold and it's delicious!" Priscilla exclaimed. "What kind of desert is this?"Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

"Strange, I've eaten a lot of things along my journey in the Silvermoon Continent, but this is the first time I've tasted something like this," Pearl stated.

"This desert called ice cream has different colors," Amelia commented. "Does that mean it has many different flavors as well?"

"Yes," Erinys answered. "There are many different flavors. I tried a few of them when I ordered them in bulk from Ama-Soon. The Underworld can be quite hot during certain times of the year."

"I've eaten several kinds of ice cream in the Thousand Beast Domain," Vesta interjected. "But, we didn't have this flavor in the ice cream shops right, Anh?"

"Yeah," Anh answered. "We have chocolate, and dark chocolate, but this cool and refreshing taste is different from what I know. We have to ask Will to bring some of this mint back home. I'm sure it will be popular with the children."

"Let's try the other flavors as well," Haleth insisted. "Maybe there is something that tastes better than this."

"""Okay!"""

Everyone inside Cathy's Sea of Consciousness voted unanimously to try the different ice cream flavors that were available inside the shop.

Cathy accommodated all of their requests, and tasted all the ice cream flavors that were available, making the uncultured ladies like Amelia, Priscilla, and Pearl, experience something that they hadn't experienced before.

"Two strawberry cones, please," Cathy said to the server, who was quite amazed by Cathy's ability to eat so many ice creams without breaking a sweat.

"You ate strawberries earlier." William teased. "What's wrong, is Erinys asking for seconds?"

Cathy smiled as she accepted the two strawberry cones that the server had given her.

"Although Erinys loves strawberry, this is not for her," Cathy replied as she turned around to hand the ice cream to two little girls that had walked behind her and William.

"Here you go, girls," Cathy said with a smile.

"Maple thanks you for the ice cream."

"C-Cinnamon is also grateful."

Cathy giggled as she patted the head of the two girls, who were now happily licking their ice creams.

William who saw Maple and Cinnamon almost did a double take because he wasn't expecting to see the two girls on Earth.

Although he was very happy to see them, he was also very worried because the two pink-haired girls were prone to going to random places without a guardian.

He had seen them back in the Underworld, and now he was seeing them again on Earth. The Half-Elf could already feel his liver itch, thinking of how dangerous it would be for the two little gluttons to wander on their own, without someone accompanying them.

But, the biggest question was.

What were Maple and Cinnamon doing here?

The red-headed teenager glanced at Cathy who was wiping Maple's cheek with a handkerchief because it had been dirtied by the ice cream she was eating. For some reason, he felt as if this whole thing wasn't a coincidence.

This made him wonder if the Virtuous Lady of Hope truly didn't know what was happening, or was simply using her mysterious powers to help William attain the goals he was striving to reach.