Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"Maple wants some cotton candy!"

"C-Cinnamon wants waffles."

"Macarons!"

"Brownies!"

"Cupcakes!"

"Cheesecake!"

"Apple pie!"

"Chocolate chip cookies!"

The two little gluttons happily ate anything that looked good in the stores that William and Cathy visited.

William was holding Maple's hand, while Cathy was holding Cinnamon's. Both girls had bottomless appetites, and the Half-Elf was more than happy to spoil them with food. 

Fortunately, the VIP Credit Card he got from the president of the National Bank of Country-K worked in any establishment, allowing him to purchase everything without any limit.

Since the one paying for everything was his father-in-law, Raymond, who was also Belle's father, he didn't mind using his family's fortune in order to make the two little girls happy.

The four people went to a nearby park to have a picnic because the weather was nice, and Cathy was the one that proposed it. The Virtuous Lady of Hope was smitten with the two pink-haired girls, whom she pampered just as much as William did.

After they finished eating, William asked the question that had been on his mind since he saw the two little girls, who had appeared out of nowhere.

"Do you have anyone accompanying the two of you?" William asked.

"No," Maple replied. "We escaped!"

"We don't want to eat vegetables, so we decided to run away!" Cinnamon commented from the side.

William blinked once then twice because he couldn't believe what he was hearing.

The two girls were the very incarnation of gluttony and could eat anything including rocks and dirts on the ground. However, they decided to run away from home because they were asked to eat vegetables?

How picky could they get?

"Vegetables are good for the two of you," William said with a smile. "If you don't eat vegetables, you will not be able to grow tall."

"I can grow taller than Mama?" Cinnamon asked.

"As tall as Papa?" Maple inquired.

"Maybe?" William replied. "But, vegetables are good for the body. So, you have to eat them, okay?"

"No."

"I don't want to."

The two girls pouted and the Half-Elf was very tempted to pinch their puffed-up cheeks that made them look like squirrels with their mouths full of food.

"The two of you should eat vegetables," Cathy commented. "If you don't eat it, your Mama will be sad. Do you want your mama to be sad?"

The two little gluttons exchanged a glance with each other before shaking their heads. 

"Good." Cathy nodded. "So, the next time your Mama asks you to eat vegetables, you better eat them, okay? If you do, your Mama will be very happy."

"She will?"

"Will Mama be happy?"

"Of course! So, you better not be picky with food, okay?"

""Okay!""

Seeing how Cathy resolved the problem without too much effort, the Half-Elf couldn't help but smile. Although he was still feeling anxious about Maple and Cinnamon running away from home without anyone to look after them, as long as he was around, he would keep the two of them safe.

Observing William from afar were three ladies wearing stylish clothes and sunglasses. They were observing the four people who were enjoying their picnic from afar and making sure that they weren't discovered by the red-headed teenager, who was happily feeding one of the pink-haired girls with a macaron. 

Since the three of them were beautiful ladies, many men tried to flirt with them, but anyone who came near them was scared away by the golden snake, Dia, and the little puppy, Thor, who were making sure that no guys would get near Wendy and Estelle. 

"Who are those two children?" Wendy asked Belle. "Do you know them?"

"Yes," Belle replied. "I believe their names are Maple and Cinnamon. William introduced them to me after our wedding."

"They're very cute," Estelle said softly. "I hope that my child with William will be as cute as them."

Wendy nodded, and Belle nodded in agreement. Who wouldn't like to have cute daughters like Maple and Cinnamon?  Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Just as the three were observing the two girls, they noticed William glancing in their direction. A second later, the Half-Elf waved his hand, as if greeting them from afar.

The three had no choice but to wave back because their covers were blown. They were not aware that William was able to pinpoint their location because Optimus could detect their presence from afar.

Half an hour later, the seven people met up to watch a movie together. After that, they had an early dinner, before going to the hotel that Belle had reserved earlier in the day for all of them.

Maple, and Cinnamon were taken away by Wendy, Estelle, and Belle, to their own rooms, leaving William and Cathy behind. 

The Virtuous Lady of Hope told the three girls that she had some important matters to discuss with William, and she would be gone when morning came. This was why the three relented and allowed her to spend the night with the Half-Elf while they pampered the two adorable girls, who made them want to have babies of their own.

"Cathy, tell me the truth," William said as he lightly squeezed Cathy's hand as she leaned her head on his shoulder. "What is the real reason why you brought me to Earth? Why are Maple and Cinnamon here?"

The two of them were seated on a spacious bed, which was large enough to accommodate six people.

"Because, we needed to come here in order to meet Maple and Cinnamon," Cathy replied. 

"Why?"

"Because the two of them can go anywhere."

Cathy raised her head and looked at William with a serious expression on her face. The teasing attitude she had earlier was now gone, and the Half-Elf could vaguely feel that the two of them were going to have a serious discussion from this point onwards.

"You might be thinking that the hardest part in saving your wives is to help them escape the Underworld," Cathy stated. "But, have you considered that getting to the Underworld is probably the hardest part? All of the entrances that can be used by mortals and immortals alike are closed right now. 

Only the dead can go in the Underworld without being restricted by the blockade that the God of Death has put in place, to prevent you from barging inside his Domain. Your Father has used up his strength to allow you to use the hidden path inside the World Tree to go to the Underworld. Even if he had the strength to help you, that path is blocked as well, so it is useless."

The Half-Elf frowned because he didn't expect that all the entrances that led to the Underworld would be blocked. It seemed that after William had taken Erinys away from the Land of the Dead, Thanatos decided to prevent him from entering again to save his wives.

"For you to enter the Underworld, you will need Maple's and Cinnamon's help," Cathy explained. "But, even if you successfully enter the Underworld, you will be facing an army and, ultimately, the God of Death who rules it. Right now, it is impossible for you to beat him."

"Then, are you going to tell me how to beat him?" William asked.

"Beat him?" Cathy giggled. "You make it sound that beating a God is easy. No, Will. I'm not going to tell you how to beat him. Instead, I am going to tell you how to reach the Top floor of the Tower of Babylon without challenging the other floors. 

"Both of us know that you are not interested in conquering those floors, and I will save you the time to do such a troublesome thing. Maple and Cinnamon can help you do that. Take note that they won't be able to stay for long, but do not worry. Those two have the habit of sneaking away whenever an opportunity arises.

"Hopefully, the next time those two little girls sneak away, you will have the means to fight against Thanatos. That way, you will be able to rescue your wives from his grasp."

William nodded his head in understanding. 

He also didn't have the confidence to beat the God of Death in his own Domain. Perhaps, if the Primordial Goddess didn't favor him, Thanatos might have already snapped his neck, and imprisoned his soul in the rivers of hell before he could even take Erinys away from the Underworld, where she was born. 