Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"Tell me, Dark Prince, what is your reason for coming here?"

Will gazed at the old man, who gave off a very different aura compared to that of his Grandpa, James, and the God of Shepherds, David.

The God of Familiars was like an old hermit who had seen everything there was to see in the world, and had stepped beyond the boundaries of Human greed. Even so, the Half-Elf was curious about why the old man was referring to him with such a title.

"I am no longer the Prince of Darkness," William replied.

The old man didn't reply to William's words, and simply smiled. He then waved his hand and a round table filled with food appeared in front of them. Chairs also appeared as the old man sat, and beckoned them to join him.

Maple and Cinnamon sat and began to eat the food on the table with as much grace as Chiffon did whenever she ate with William.

The Half-Elf, and the beautiful Elf beside him, didn't touch the food. Chloee and Claire remained seated on their shoulders as they eyed the God who allowed them to be born in the world.

"I think you misunderstand something about light and darkness," the God of Familiar said when he realized that William and Celeste had no plans to eat anything in front of them. "Darkness and Light are like a kitchen knife. 

"If they are used to do good, then they can help prepare the most delicious dishes that would make people happy. However, if they are used to do harm to others, it can be a sharp blade that can stab people and end their life."

The God of Familiars then waved his hand and a projection appeared in front of them.

Scenes of mass slaughter by the Demons who had invaded the Central Continent could be seen in the projection.

William frowned when he saw the image of Felix, who was sitting on a throne that was mounted on a golden chariot. The green-haired Demon had a look of triumph on his face, as his Army of Darkness overwhelmed the defenders who were desperately trying to protect their Kingdom, from the Heir of Darkness, who wanted to conquer everything that he could set his eyes on.

"When you were the Prince of Darkness, you could have done the same," the God of Familiars said. "But, you didn't. You chose the least bloody method, which was to turn all the Elves into Drows and use that as leverage to make them bend to your will."

"The methods might be different, but the result is the same," William interjected. "I made them obey me by force. In your eyes, it might be less bloody than what happened in the Central Continent, but in the eyes of the Elves, it was the greatest curse that could befall them and it will haunt them for thousands of years.

"It's just a matter of how people die. They can die quickly and in great pain, or they can slowly live in shame, wishing they were dead."

William didn't think that what he did was right. He did things that needed to be done at that time because he needed the Elves to become his cannon fodder for the war against the Demons.

He didn't care about what would happen to the Elven Race.

The only things he cared about were his family, his Master, Celine, Charmaine and the Elves that served him, Acedia, and Celeste, who was Celine's twin sister.

"Right," the old man nodded in agreement. "What you did is inexcusable because you have taken an entire race hostage for your ambition. Just like the Pope did to the Believers of Light.

"She did what she thought was right in order to make sure that the Holy Order of Light would become the biggest, most influential, and strongest organization in the world. For that goal, she did many things that would not make her any different from a villain. The sad part was that when she died, all the respect that people had for her disappeared as well. 

"Frankly, she died a very pitiful death. It is such a shame that Human greed and ambition can turn a once religious, and pious, woman into someone that would make you, the Prince of Darkness, look like a Saint. So, tell me, who won in the end?"

Before William could even answer the old man's question, Chloee, who was seated on his shoulder, raised her little fist and shouted.

"You old coot, stop talking in riddles!" Chloee shouted. "We didn't come here to listen to the ramblings of an old fogey. Tell us how to recover the other half of William's soul, and resurrect Elliot and Conan while you're at it!"

"That's right," Claire commented. "Making yourself sound like a wise sage is very unbecoming of you. A smelly old fart who just stays on top of the tower and watches the daily lives of mortals is similar to a pervert, who is taking a peek at the ladies while they bathe. Have you no shame? Stop talking in circles and just get to the point!"

The corner of God of Familiar's lips twitched when he heard the two little familiars complain. He was very tempted to say that the Peanut Gallery should just shut up and not get in the way of their discussion.

The God of Familiar then shifted his attention to Celeste, who averted her gaze in embarrassment. Both of her familiars had been through a lot and they no longer looked at the God of Familiars as if he was the most benevolent being, especially after Elliot and Conan died.

The God of Familiars decided to ignore the two disrespectful little familiars, and shifted his attention back to the Half-Elf, who was looking at him with a solemn gaze. 

"Now where was I? Oh yeah, don't look at Light and Darkness as if they are simply black and white, with white being good, and black being bad," the God of Familiars stated. "When you and the Pope fought each other, your side was the one that won the war. I'm not saying that what you did, and what she did was right. 

"The battle between the two of you was inevitable. If you didn't fight her then she would have come to cause trouble for you. It is clearly evident that both of you could not coexist under the same sky. However, she found a compromise. Do you know what that was?"

Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

William nodded. "She wanted the version of me without my memories, so that she could brainwash me to do her bidding."

"Right," the God of Familiars said. "She understood that having you was more beneficial to her. It was similar to you capturing the World Tree and making all the Elves submit to you. The Pope thought that once you were in her hands, your subordinates would bow to her will as well."

Chloee clicked her tongue and once again raised her small fist in anger.

"So, what does this whole conversation lead up to?" Chloee asked. "You've been talking about light and dark and black and white for what purpose?"

The God of Familiar chuckled before answering Chloee's question.

"Because in the great battle that all of you will face in the not so distant future, you will need all the help you can get," the God of Familiars replied. "Whether it be on the side of light, or on the side of darkness, you will need both sides to work hand in hand, or all will be lost."

The gaze that the God of Familiars was giving the Half-Elf was so sharp, that even Chloee flinched when his gaze landed on her small frame. 