Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"I can't do it," William said as he rested his hands on the two Soul Crystals that served as Elliot's and Conan's coffins.

"I see." The God of Familiars closed his eyes. 

In truth the old man didn't want to see William shatter the soul crystals because, for him, it was like killing his own children in front of him.

Although Elliot and Conan were already dead, as the God of Familiars, it pained him to look at the dead familiars, who were part of the first generation of familiars in the World of Hestia.

"Is there really no other way?" William asked.

"That is the only one I know of," the God of Familiars replied. "Since you don't want to do it then we will have to do something else."

Chloee and Claire felt relieved in their hearts. Having interacted with Elliot and Conan, they didn't want their vessels to be desecrated. They knew that one day, they too, would be housed within the Grave of Familiars when their time was over.

Knowing that their final resting place could be visited by their former Masters gave them a form of closure as well. 

Maple and Cinnamon looked at the two Soul Crystals for a few seconds before picking them up.

"They look so lonely here, why don't you take them, Will?" Maple asked.

"Cinnamon thinks that they would be less lonely if you take them with you," Cinnamon stated.

William knelt so that he could come in eye contact with the two little girls as he patted both of their heads.

"They do look lonely here," William commented. "Where do you two think I should take them?"

Maple and Cinnamon glanced at each other before pointing at William's chest.

"You place them in that world with a clear blue sky," Maple answered.

"The one with the blue sea that has many weapons sticking out of it," Cinnamon replied.

William blinked because the place that the two girls were describing was none other than his Sea of Consciousness.

"Do both of you think that they will be happier if I place them there?" William asked.

Maple and Cinnamon both nodded their heads as they handed the two Soul Crystals to William.

"Always carry them with you," Maple said.

"That way, they won't have to pay rent," Cinnamon replied. "The tenants of Great Grandpa always complain that their rent is expensive. They insist that he is scamming them."

"Grandpa is a good person. He buys us a lot of toys."

"Cinnamon thinks that Grandpa is good as well. He doesn't mind using the family fortune to buy us food."

The corner of William's lips twitched because the two girls were singing the praises of their Great Grandpa, who liked to scam others, but spoil them rotten.

"Your Excellency, can I take them with me?" William asked the God of Familiars who was standing beside him. 

"I don't mind," the God of Familiars replied. "Place them in your Sea of Consciousness. They will return here after you die. So, I don't mind."

William nodded and took the Soul Crystals from the hands of the two girls. He then closed his eyes, turning the two crystals into particles of light that were absorbed by the gem in his chest.

A moment later, the red-headed teenager's consciousness went inside his Sea of Consciousness.

There, he saw the two crystals floating at its center, surrounded by the weapons that were embedded in the surface of the sea.

He tried to detect if there were any changes on the soul crystals, but after a few minutes of critical observation, he felt that nothing seemed to be out of place.

"Although it's a bit late to say this,... thank you, both of you," William said as he gently touched the two soul crystals. "I missed you guys."

A few minutes later, William opened his eyes in the real world. There were still many things that he needed to do, so he couldn't stay long inside his Sea of Consciousness. 

"Take good care of them," the God of Familiars said. "I will now send all of you back to the Floor of Asgard. The next time we meet, I hope that the matters of this world will have already been resolved. Celeste, the answer to what you are looking for cannot be seen in the world around you. It is here, where you will find the answers."

The God of Familiars smiled as he pointed his thumb on his chest. 

"Uncle, can we get all the food as take out?" Maple asked. "There is still plenty that we weren't able to eat earlier."

"Mama said that it is not good to waste food," Cinnamon said. "We will take them back as snacks."

The God of Familiars laughed before nodding his head. 

"Okay, I'll have them packed and delivered to you later," the God of Familiar stated. "May the wind be always at your backs, and may the sun shine warm upon your faces. Goodbye for now."

The God of Familiars waved his hand, and a flash of light enveloped William and the others, sending them back to the Floor of Asgard.

A few seconds later, two figures appeared beside the God of Familiars.

"It's quite unfortunate that we might not be able to see the one who would be able to climb to top of this tower during this world's lifetime," a middle-aged man said softly. "After all, they will soon arrive here."

"We have already prepared to move the Tower of Babylon to another world if the inhabitants of Hestia aren't able to resist the Army of Destruction," a Goddess stated. "Now that the armies of this world have been decimated thanks to their senseless wars, the chances of victory are slim. Even the Prince of Darkness has no idea how to win."

The God of Familiars sighed.

One hundred worlds.

That was the number of Worlds that had been destroyed ever since they had founded the Tower of Babylon. Of course, the number of worlds that the Army of Destruction had destroyed far surpassed that number.

The three Gods were the last survivors of their world. Hoping that they would be able to nourish heroes that could counter the might of the Gods of Destruction, the Tower of Babylon was made.

For each world that was destroyed, a new floor would be added to the Tower.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

The three Gods meant well, but they had still underestimated human Greed. Instead of building a place where they could grow and become more powerful, they used the Domains they conquered in order to antagonize other people.

"Like always, we will wait till the very last minute," the God of Familiars said softly. "Only when this world is about to be destroyed shall we leave. If there is even a sliver of victory, remember our oath. We will do everything in our power to help."

"Of course," the middle-aged man replied. 

"But, only if there is a sliver of hope," the Goddess stated. "All three of us want nothing more than to see those three Gods of Destruction face their demise. As long as the possibility exists, I will lead the charge if I have to."

The God of Familiars nodded his head.

"Then so be it," the God of Familiars, who was now the last bastion of the world, looked down on the Floor of Asgard. "Let them decide the fate of this world with their own hands."