Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

William, Maple, Cinnamon, and Celeste reappeared on the Bifrost Bridge after they were sent back to the Floor of Asgard by the God of Familiars.

"Thank you for coming with me, Celeste," William said. "Having you there helped me a lot."

"You're welcome," Celeste replied. "What is your next plan?"

Even though Elliot's and Conan's Soul Crystals were now inside his Sea of Consciousness, there were no changes in the fluctuations of his soul.Â 

The other half of William's Soul, which was still recovering inside the Bell of Athanasia, was still in hibernation, leaving him with only a quarter of his soul inside his body.Â 

Optimus had told the Half-Elf that most of his abilities required him to have a complete soul, allowing him to use his full powers without fearing of receiving a backlash.

Since the problem with his soul would not be fixed anytime soon, the red-headed teenager decided to have a conference with the Kraetor empire, ruled by Emperor Leonidas, who was also Princess Sidonie's grandfather, and the Amazon Empire, which was managed by Lilith's mother, Empress Andraste.

They were the only two people that he could count on to influence the other Kings and Emperors of the Central Continent.

What the Half-Elf wished was to have a conference with all the sovereigns of the world.Â 

Only by making them understand that the threat of the Army of Destruction was real, would they be able to create a united front to resist these invaders from the void.

'But, how will I be able to convince them?' William pondered as he walked hand in hand with the two pink-haired girls, heading toward the Palace of Asgard.Â 

Truth be told, If William wished for it, he could force all the nations of the world to do his bidding. He had enough manpower to do that, and the Pseudo-Gods under his command were the greatest deterrence ever.

Now that the white-robed figure wearing a mask and Belle were no longer working for the Pope, he had two additional Pseudo-Gods on his side.

The only other organization which had one Pseudo-God on their side was Hestia Academy, but they were a neutral party, and were also aware that the Army of Destruction was coming. He didn't need to convince them, which was already a good thing.

'As the Headmaster of Hestia Academy, I'm sure Byron would be more than willing to help me convince the other rulers to cooperate in a more peaceful manner,' William pondered.Â 

Currently, the armies of the Central Continent were in tatters. During the previous war against Felix, many soldiers died, and entire armies were decimated.Â 

It would not be an exaggeration to say that most nations only had half of their previous military power now. Some even had less than half, making them extremely pitiful.

'Beggars can't be choosers.' the Half-Elf sighed internally.Â 

The red-headed teenager was very tempted to issue a decree, commanding all able-bodied men and women within the lands he ruled, to have compulsory military training.Â 

His reason was extremely simple. If they lost the war, it wouldn't matter if people chose to fight or not. Once William, and his allies lost, no one would be spared, and all living creatures in the world would die.

Naturally, he didn't want to do this. But, he had to make sure that anyone who was capable of taking up arms, could and would fight for everything they held sacred in the world.

The moment they arrived at the Palace, William gathered his subordinates and started a conference.Â 

He asked for their advice on how to convince the other nations to unite under one banner.

"Your Majesty, this is such a simple problem that even I can single-handedly accomplish it within a month," Nisha replied. "All we need to do is send Astrape and Bronte to their doorstep and deliver your message personally. I'm pretty sure that they will be more than happy to hear you out if we use this method."

Astrape and Bronte nodded their heads in agreement. They were more than willing to do everything for William, so talking to some mortal Kings, and Emperors wasn't a big deal to them. If the fools decided to ignore their words, they would just snap their necks and appoint new rulers on their thrones.Â 

New rulers that would listen to their every order, as if their lives depended on it.

"Worry not, Your Majesty," Nisha continued. "I will make sure that your hands will not be dirtied. Your humble servant is willing to take all responsibility and handle this matter in the most effective manner possible."Reğ’‚ğ’‚d the latest stories ğ’n novğ’†lbin(.)com

Loxos, who was also present in the throne room, raised her hand to catch William's attention.

"Yes, Loxos?" William asked as he looked at the excited looking young lady who was desperately trying to catch his attention.Â 

After getting William's attention, the young nymph smiled as she told him something she discovered while exploring the Palace of Light.

"There is this conference room in the Palace of Light, with several round mirrors on the wall," Loxos stated. "All of them are communication artifacts, which the Pope used to have a conference with all the rulers of the Central Continent. If you use that conference room, you will be able to talk to them with ease."

The Seven Virtues who were inside the throne room, realized then and there that they had overlooked this matter.Â 

In truth, the Virtuous Ladies had no interest in talking to the sovereigns of the world, so it was always the Pope who handled such affairs. This was why they had completely forgotten about this matter.

"Perfect," Nisha smiled. "With this, our major problem is solved. But, there is still one place we need to visit."

William, who was just listening in on the conversation, leaned his back on the throne because he knew the place that Nisha was talking about.

The Demon Continent and the Silvermoon Continent were under William's rule. The Southern Continent could be easily convinced because that place was his home turf.Â 

Since that was the case, there was only one more place that needed to be visited, and that was none other than the Western Continent, which was a third of the size of the Central Continent.Â 

'It's finally time to visit the Gunnar Federation,' William thought as he eyed Ephemera, who nodded her head at him in understanding.

The Virtuous Lady of Justice was born in the Western Continent. If there was someone he needed to ask about its affairs, it would be none other than the purple-haired lady, who was now one of his lovers.Â 