Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"There are twenty kingdoms under the Gunnar Federation, but the two kingdoms who hold the most power are Quince, and my home country, Edelweiss," Ephemera explained to everyone in the throne room. 

"However, there is one more kingdom that refused to become part of the Federation. Even so, none of their neighboring kingdoms had a problem with it because this third kingdom has minded their own business, and hasn't harassed their neighbors."

A smile appeared on Ephemera's face as she remembered the stubborn, and straightforward residents of the kingdom that she had the opportunity to interact with before she came to the Central Continent.

"Are you talking about the Dwarven Kingdom of Beldaral?" Nisha asked. 

Ephemera nodded her head. "As expected of the supreme leader of Deus. you are even aware of the affairs of the Western Continent."

"It is best not to place all your eggs in a single basket," Nisha replied. "The Western Continent was my Plan B if ever the Holy Order of Light was able to root us out of the Central Continent. Fortunately, the Pope didn't have that ability, so I was able to expand my influence across the lands."

Nisha had indeed managed to survive for the past few years due to her quickwittedness and boldness. Because of this, although the Holy Order of Light was more powerful than her organization, they were unable to take them down as both sides battled in the shadows.

"I guess we have our work cut out for us," Nisha stated. "I will handle the matters here in the Central Continent. Your Majesty, please handle the affairs of the Gunnar Federation and try to convince them to join our side. 

"Although the kingdoms in the Western Continent liked to scheme against each other from time to time, they haven't experienced any large scale wars over the past century. The strongest existences in that part of the world are Four Demigods. If you manage to make them submit to you, the chances of convincing the leaders to lend you an ear will be high."Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Ephemera could only smile bitterly after hearing this. 

Two years ago, the strongest existences that were known to the world were Demigods. Pseudo-Gods didn't exist. But now, after the battle at the Northern Continent, these powerful beings suddenly appeared, breaking the natural balance that was known to all the mortals of the realm.

"If the soft approach doesn't work, just pound those Demigods into submission," Nisha stated. "We don't have much time, so it will be best to start with the big fishes first before we handle the smallfrie– I mean before we handle the Kings of the various Kingdoms."

Nisha couldn't help but smirk behind the veil covering her face because she now had the ability to call the Kings and Emperors of the various nations small fries.

She was William's steward. Aside from him, no one could command her to do anything. Also, she had the power to mobilize the Half-Elf's forces, including the Pseudo-Gods under his command, whenever he wasn't around to give orders.

Because of this, the Demonic Continent and the Ainsworth Empire were able to avoid any mishaps because she wasn't afraid to use firm, and effective, methods—like feeding those that opposed her rule to the fishes.

Hundreds of troublemakers had already been dealt with in that manner, serving as a reminder to those who were planning to cause chaos in WIlliam's territories to behave themselves, or else they would be given a one-way ticket to the Underworld.

"Very well, we will go with this plan." William nodded his head in agreement. "Astrape, Bronte, and Titania will accompany me to the Western Continent. Opis, Loxos, Hekaergos, Sepheron, and Triton will defend the Ainsworth Empire."

William then shifted his attention to the Bull Demon King who had his head lowered. When the Half-Elf was still the Dark Prince, he used his power as a Shepherd to subjugate the proud Pseudo-God, forcing him to obey him.

In the face of such overwhelming power, the Bull Demon King had no choice but to bow his head, or suffer further torture in William's hands, who didn't bat an eye at scorching Princess Iron Fan's face, as punishment for killing Kasogonaga, Erchitu, Psoglav, and Jareth, as well as his other loyal supporters. 

"Bull Demon King, I will leave the protection of the Demon Continent in your hands," William said coolly. "Do you understand?"

The Bull Demon King raised his head and gave William a respectful bow. "You can count on me, Your Majesty."

The red-headed teenager had no intention of letting the Bull Demon King go easy for everything that happened in the past. Although his friends were having concerts in the Underworld, and having a good time, that didn't mean that he could easily forgive the perpetrators of their deaths.

If not for the fact that they still had their uses to him, the Half-Elf would have turned both of them into mindless puppets using the power of Darkness. 

"Your Majesty, forgive me for my insolence, but will the promise given to me by the old Dark Prince still hold true?" the Bull Demon King asked. 

The Half-Elf nodded. "It is still in effect. Whatever promises I made with you back then, I will keep."

"Thank you, Your Majesty. I promise to fulfill your order to the best of my ability."

"Good."

William then stood from his throne, as he scanned the faces of the people around him.

"We only have two years," William announced. "Whether we survive or not will depend on our efforts today. That's why, I ask all of you to cooperate, now is not the time for strife. There must be no internal conflict. Everyone must work hard to the best of their abilities, so when the time comes for us to make our last stand, we will have no regrets because we have done everything that we could."

William closed his eyes for half a minute as he reminisced that fateful day when the world was bathed in the fires of destruction.

Even after several lifetimes, that memory haunted him still.

Back then, he died with many regrets, and had broken many promises. 

"Go," William ordered as he waved his hand. "From this moment onwards, our war preparations have officially started."

Everyone in the throne room gazed at the red-headed teenager who carried the burden of the world on his shoulders.

They couldn't help but feel amazed by how a single person was able to rise up to his current position, despite the fact that he never wished for dominion.