"That Uncle bullied us earlier."

"He is a bad Uncle. Cinnamon's feet hurt badly."

Maple, who was seated on Eldon's lap, and Cinnamon, who was seated on the Queen's lap, pointed at the guide and started to complain.

"Oh? He dared to bully the two of you?" Eldon asked with a smile. "Don't worry. I will punish him. How about I cut his salary in half for the next three months?"

"That's bad," Maple replied. "If he doesn't have money, how will he be able to eat? Not being able to eat is sad."

"That's right," Cinnamon commented. "Everyone must eat properly. Mama said that everyone should eat at least three to six meals a day to be happy."

"Okay, I'll just punish him by not allowing him to have dinner today," Eldon said in a teasing tone. "That is enough punishment, right?"

"Isn't that punishment a bit too harsh?" Maple asked. "Being hungry is bad."

"Dinner is important," Cinnamon replied. "Maybe cutting his salary is better?"

"Young ladies, please, punish me by not allowing me to have dinner," the Guide pleaded. "The crime I committed is too much, and this is the only way that I can atone for my sins."

"Well, if Uncle says so then I guess it's fine. Just make sure to eat a lot for breakfast."

"Cinnamon thinks that you should eat a lot for lunch, so that you won't feel hungry later."

The guide thanked the two little girls, and hurried out of the throne room. Clearly, he didn't want his salary to be cut in half, so he decided to make himself scarce, just in case the two pink-haired girls changed their minds.

"I'll ask the chef to cook a lot of food later," Eldon said as he patted Maple's head. "The two of you will have lunch with us, right?"

Maple nodded. "It is not good to reject food."

"Cinnamon will have lunch together," Cinnamon replied.

The Half-Elf could only watch this scene from where he stood because he was still trying to process the unexpected reunion he had with Eldon.

Not only was the Dwarf one of the people who fought alongside him in the Deadlands, Eldon was the King of the Dwarves, and Chiffon's grandfather, making him his in-law.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

His wie, who was Chiffon's grandmother, held Cinnamon lovingly, and planted a kiss on both of her cheeks, making the little girl giggle because it felt ticklish.

"So, Will, you said that the Giants are coming," Eldon said as he stared at the Half-Elf who had come all this way to meet him. "I've heard a lot of news about the goings on in the Central Continent and I don't know if what I've heard is real or not. First, tell me about the Giants. Make sure to not omit anything, do you understand?"

William nodded and began his tale about the great Army of Destruction that would arrive in their world in two years.

The Ministers, who were also in the throne room, looked at the Half-Elf as if he was spouting nonsense. 

If not for the fact that their King seemed to be taking his words seriously, all of them would have advised Eldon to kick the Half-Elf out of the throne room and ban him from entering their Domain in the future.

The Queen, who went by the name, Eloise, was also paying close attention to the tale that the Half-Elf was imparting to them.

Eldon had already told her about his fateful encounter with the red-headed teenager in the place called the Deadlands, and although it sounded like a crazy story, she believed her husband entirely.

Since that was the case, she didn't doubt the validity of the story that Will was telling them at the moment, about beings whose strength far surpassed that of Demigods, and were threatening to raze their world, and everyone they loved, to ashes.

"So, that giant who took Morax away from the Deadlands is one of the three Gods of Destruction that will descend upon this world in two years time?" Eldon asked.

William nodded. "Yes."

The Dwarf King eyed the Half-Elf with a complicated expression on his face.

"Can we even beat Gods?" Eldon asked. "Let's say that we can miraculously survive a battle against thousands of Demigods, and hundreds of Pseudo-Gods. Can we really defeat those beings whose strength surpasses even the strongest creatures in this world?"

Williams sighed before answering truthfully.

"I don't know," William replied. "I'd like to believe that there is a way. But, right now, I don't have any other alternative aside from uniting all the kingdoms of the world, in an effort to at least create a miracle for our last stand."

Eldon glanced at the little girl in his arms, who was currently eating some gummy bears. 

When he was still in the Deadlands, he could only watch from afar as William and Morax fought a battle that made his heart tremble. 

He felt very powerless back then. 

Even if he wanted to help, he would only get in the way if he insisted on supporting William in his battle. Because of this, he just focused on dealing with Morax's minions because they were creatures that he could fight head-on.

Now that they were about to face beings that were far stronger than Morax, Eldon felt as if there was no chance at all in winning.

Even if all the kingdoms of the world united to fight as one, fighting against three bonafide Gods of Destruction was just like throwing raw eggs against a rock. They would all shatter and crumble, leaving nothing but a one-sided slaughter.

"But, even if there is no hope, we have no choice but to fight, right?" Eldon asked. "Even if we don't fight, we will still be wiped out in the end…"

The Dwarf King sighed for the second time because all of their prospects looked grim. 

"Understood," Eldon said after a few minutes of silence. "The Kingdom of Beldaral will stand by your side in this war against those who wish to destroy everything we hold sacred. Unfortunately, I am the only one who will believe your tale. The other monarchs of this world will simply brush it off as the ravings of a lunatic. Have you considered what to do if that happens?"

William could only smile bitterly as he remembered Nisha's words before he left the Ainsworth Empire.