Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"Visit us again when you're free, okay?" Eldon said as he gave the two pink-haired girls a hug.

"Your beard tickles me," Maple giggled.

"It is very ticklish!" Cinnamon commented as she giggled as well. 

After Eldon's turn, it was now his wife, Elois, turn to hug the two little girls who would be leaving their Kingdom. It was fairly obvious that the two of them were sad that Maple and Cinnamon were already leaving, but there was nothing they could do about it. 

"Send me a messenger once you have subjugated the Four Demigods, and secured a conference with the Kings of the Gunnar Federation," Eldon stated. "Although they like to bicker among themselves, it is true that no large-scale wars have happened in the Western Continent since the Federation was founded."

William nodded his head to acknowledge Eldon's words. 

The Dwarf King then shifted his attention to Durren, who would accompany the red-headed teenager while he looked for the Demigods in the Western Continent. 

"You can talk to the other Kings on my behalf," Eldon said. "Don't forget what we talked about yesterday."

"I won't," Durren replied in a grumpy manner. "How many times must you remind me? Are you my mother?"

The King laughed after hearing his Minister's words. They had been together for nearly half a Century, which was long enough for them to know each other's thoughts even if they didn't say it in words.

After Astrape had shown Durren that she was indeed formidable enough to subjugate the Apex Overlords within the Lands of the Gunnar Federation, the Dwarf volunteered to guide the Half-Elf because he wanted to witness how these mighty beings bowed their heads to William in submission.

"Let us be off," William said. "The next time we meet, I will bring good news."

Eldon nodded. "May fortune be on your side."

A moment later, the Flying Ship rose to the air before flying to the North. They would deal with the closest Demigod first, and visit the others in an orderly manner.

After talking with Chiffon last night, the pink-haired lady said that she would come to pick up Maple and Cinnamon after the Half-Elf had finished subjugating all four Demigods. 

William thanked her for allowing the two little girls to accompany him a while longer on his journey, which made the pink-haired lady smile in understanding.

With the help of Astrape and Bronte, the Flying Ship's speed was greatly enhanced. Although they weren't able to travel at the speed of Lightning, they were able to fly at the speed of sound without any problems.

The two Pseudo-Gods had created a dome of energy around the Flying Ship, allowing the people inside it to not be affected by the pressure of altitude, in addition to the speed of which they were traveling per second.

They could have gone faster of course, but since Maple and Cinnamon liked to ride on the flying ship, the Halff-El allowed the two little girls the opportunity to look at the scenery, even though it was no more than a passing blur.

Three hours later, the Flying Ship arrived at their destination, which was a volcanic field. 

This place reminded William of the world of Muspelheim where the Giants of Fire lived. Several volcanoes could be seen almost right next to each other, and all of them were spewing magma from their cones, bathing the world in hot molten lava.

"The Demigod of Fire, Ifrit, rules this land," Durren commented as he looked at the hellish scene in front of him. "Among the four Overlords of the Western Continent, his temperament is the worst of them all. They say that, even if you manage to see and talk to Ifrit and still manage to return to your country alive, you have achieved a feat that will be celebrated by your families for a lifetime."

"Really?" Titania, who was busy braiding Maple's and Cinnamon's hair, commented. "It seems that he has a very big reputation among your mortals."

Durren smiled as he glanced at the beautiful Fairy Queen, who could ensnare the hearts of anyone that laid their eyes on her.

"It is only natural to worship the strong," Durren stated. "Just as there are beings stronger than us Mortals, there are existences that are stronger than you as well, Your Excellency."

Titania smiled because she could tell that this was the Dwarf's way of getting back at her. Even so, she didn't mind it because what Durren had said was true. 

When she met William, she knew that she would not be able to beat him. In order to preserve her Domain, as well as not suffer any grievances, she decided to voluntarily submit to him, and form a contract, making her his subordinate for a few years.

"Where can we find this Ifrit?" Astrape asked as she cracked her knuckles in excitement. 

Durren smiled after seeing the Pseudo-God's eagerness to subjugate their target. 

"Your Excellency, we don't find Ifrit," Durren replied. "He will find us."

As if proving his words right, the biggest volcano in the vicinity erupted, making the land shake with great intensity. 

A moment later, a flaming humanoid emerged from its cone, and flew towards the Flying Ship like a giant fireball.

"Who dares enter my Domain?!"

The Demigod roared as it swung its arm in preparation to obliterate the flying ship that had come into its territory unannounced.

However, before it could even land its burning fist on the flying ship, a beautiful lady appeared in front of it, blocking its way.

The last thing that Ifrit remembered was the devilish smile that was plastered on the lady's face before it found itself crashing towards the ground, face first.

"Is that all you got?" Astrape asked as she landed beside the fallen Demigod. 

"Y-You!" Ifrit roared as its entire body blazed brightly, turning the ground around it into molten lava due to how hot it was. "Die, trespasser!"

A bright flash of light erupted in the surroundings, and a giant cone of flames rose up towards the heavens, scorching everything around it.

"Wow! Fireworks!" Maple said as she looked at the hell fire in front of her with sparkling eyes.

"So pretty," Cinnamon commented as she, too, looked at the flames in wonder.

Ifrit, who was at the center of the destruction, frowned because it could still sense the presence of the lady that had smashed its face into the ground earlier.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"I guess you're not half bad for a Demigod."

Ifrit's expression immediately changed to disbelief when it saw the lady that it wanted to kill appear in front of it, unaffected by the flames it had unleashed using its full power.

"Let me introduce myself before I knock you senseless," Astrape said as she cracked her knuckles. "My name is Astrape, and I serve His Majesty, William Von Ainsworth. Make sure to remember the name because soon, you will be serving him as well."

Before Ifrit could even reply, Astrape had already appeared in front of it and smashed her fist into the Demigod's face.

Soon, the sound of pained screams echoed in the surroundings, as a one-sided beating ensued.

William, who was standing on the deck of the flying ship, glanced at Bronte, who was looking down with a regretful look on her face.

"It seems that your sister has a lot of pent up stress," William commented.

Bronte smiled before shifting her attention to the Half-Elf, who was looking at her with a concerned gaze. 

"It's your fault, Your Majesty," Bronte replied. "Ever since your return, you haven't been spending time with me and my sister. Because of this, she has a lot of pent up frustrations. Don't worry, she will stop once she has vented everything on that Demigod. So, Master, after this expedition is over, make sure to spend time with us too. Isn't that right, Titania?"

The Fairy Queen pretended to not hear Bronte's remark as she filed her nails.

Just like Astrape, and Bronte, the Fairy Queen was feeling a bit frustrated because, after working for a long time for the Half-Elf, her garden hadn't been watered as of late. Because of this, she also felt a little resentful of William, who had only spoiled the mortal women around him after he'd returned.

The red-headed teenager gave a light cough as he shifted his attention back to the pitiful Demigod who was getting smacked silly by Astrape.

As he listened to Ifrit's pained shouts, the Half-Elf promised himself that after the four Demigods were subjugated, he would spend some time with the three Pseudo-Gods, who were currently deprived of his care and affection. 