Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"Who is the next Demigod we are going to capture?" Astrape asked Durren in an excited manner. "Are they strong?"

The Dwarf looked at the Pseudo-God as if she was nuts.

'Girl, you are a Pseudo-God. Even if the Demigods are strong, they aren't able to beat you no matter what they do. Can you stop being a bully to those who are weaker than you?'

Durren was very tempted to say these words, but since he didn't want to offend the girl who could shoot lightning bolts from her fingertips, he just smiled and nodded his head.

"The Demigod of the South controls the Power of Nature," Durren replied. "His name is Silenus, and he can also wield Earth Magic."

Titania, who was now feeding Maple and Cinnamon some dried fruits, shifted her attention to the Dwarf.

"Nature Magic?" Titania smiled. "Astrape, I'd like to test the next Demigod myself."

"Oh, you're no fun, Titania," Astrape pouted. "Just because you heard that the next Demigod had the ability to control Nature, you plan to fight them yourself."

Titania smiled at her friend, who was still in the process of venting her frustration. "I won't deny that you're reasoning is correct. I'm just curious about what kind of Demigod the next one is. Also, Bronte talked to Master already. After we finish rounding up the Four Demigods, he will spend some quality time with us."

"Really? Fine. I'll sit this one out."

"Thank you, Astrape."

Ifrit and Henkhisesui, who were seated not far away from Astrape and Titania, felt helpless because in the Pseudo-Gods' eyes, they were nothing but small fries.

They wanted to say "Are we a joke to you?" but knowing that the answer was Yes, they didn't even attempt to ask in order to keep what was left of their dignity.

Sure enough, after two hours, they arrived at a lush forest that extended for miles.

Titania, who wielded the power of Nature nodded her head in appreciation because she could sense the wide diversity of flora and fauna within the forest. 

"At least he is capable," Titania said before jumping off the deck of the Flying Ship.

She then flew to the center of the forest and clasped her hands together. A pair of fairy wings appeared behind her back, making her already surreal beauty more profound.

"La la la… lalala…. Lalala…. Lalala…"

Titania started to sing, and her heavenly voice spread in the surroundings, making the lively forest quiet down as if all of them had fallen into a trance.

A moment later, the sound of a lyre joined her singing, creating a symphony that made even Ifrit, who was the most fiery of the Demigods of the Western Continent, close his eyes to appreciate the heavenly music that calmed his raging heart.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Maple and Cinnamon, who also liked to sing, swayed side to side with their hands interlocked together. The two of them didn't sing, and simply appreciated the song in their own way, making the Half-Elf look at them with fondness.

A few minutes later, the song ended, and from the forest, a creature that Will was quite familiar with appeared.

A creature that was half man, and half beast hovered in the air holding a lyre in his hand. 

"A Satyr," Titania smiled. "Are you the one that goes by the name Silenus?"

The Satyr smiled and bowed his head respectfully. "It is a great honor for a beauty such as you to know my name. May I know the reason you have come to visit my humble abode?"

"As expected of your race, you are such a sweet talker," Titania replied in amusement. "I'm afraid I didn't come here just for fun. A great calamity is about to descend in this world in a few years, and I need your assistance to convince the Humans and other races to unite under one banner in order to fight them."

Silenus pondered as he gazed at the beautiful fairy in front of him.

"My Lady, are you saying that there are existences that you are unable to defeat?" Silenus asked. "Someone like you who has surpassed the threshold of Demigods could make the world obey your command. Why do you need the help of this humble Demigod, as well as the help of the mortal creatures who are similar to ants under your feet?"

Titania shook her head as if to deny Silenus' words.

"Strong as I may be, it is not enough to tilt the tide of battle," Titania replied. "What we are about to face are invaders from the Void, which are led by three Gods of Destruction. Their sole purpose is to destroy this world, as well as all lives on it."

The expression of the Satyr became grim as he listened to Titania's words. As one who lorded over the power of Nature, it was fairly easy to speak lies, and weave stories of fantasy. However, since he knew how to lie well, and trick others, he understood that the beautiful lady in front of him wasn't lying, and was telling him a truth that he didn't expect to hear.

"This world is about to be destroyed? How long do we have?"

"Two years. No more than that."

Silenus closed his eyes for half a minute before opening them again.

"My Lady, since we are fighting Gods, is there any need to fight?" Silenus asked. "There's no chance of winning."

Titania smiled because she could understand what Silenus was trying to say. If she were in the same position as him, and hadn't met William, she would definitely have the same opinion.

"Then, are you saying that we should just offer our necks to them and let them chop our heads off?" Titania asked. 

"No," Silenus replied. "Very well, My Lady. Since a fight is inevitable, I'd gladly fight by your side. By the way, are you still single?"

Titania chuckled because she found the Satyr's straightforward courting quite amusing. 

"I'm sorry, but I'm already taken," Titania said before glancing at William, who was looking at her from the deck of the Flying Ship. 

"I see, that's quite unfortunate," Silenus replied. 

Although he didn't mind competing for the favor of beautiful women, he still had to consider who he was dealing with.

A single glance was enough to tell him that William wasn't a soft persimmon he could pinch with his fingers. If he wasn't careful with how he conducted his manner, he might find himself losing his member, and forever lose the happiness of being a member of the male species.

A minute later, Silenus landed on the flying ship and walked up to his two friends, who were looking at him with complicated expressions on their faces.

"Why the sad faces, my friends?" Silenus asked. "All of us get to have front row seats for the end of the world. This is a story that will be talked about for generations to come."

"Shut up, Forest Bastard, or I'll burn you." Ifrit snorted. 

Silenus didn't mind Ifrit's attitude because he was already used to it. In truth, the Satyr was quite curious about what kind of adventure he was going to participate in. He had been living in the forest for hundreds of years, and it had been a very long time since he last had contact with the other races.

'If the world is really about to end, I might as well enjoy it while it lasts,' Silenus smiled as the Flying Ship once again soared through the sky, heading West, where the last Demigod of the Western Continent could be found. 