Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

An hour passed…

Two hours passed…

Five hours passed…

Astrape, and Bronte, who had already visited all the lakes in the vicinity both had irritated expressions on their faces.

The last Demigod, who went by the name, Nabia, who had the power to control the Element of Water and lorded over the rivers and lakes of the Western Continent, could not be found.

With Astrape and Bronte extending their senses far and wide, they were still unable to find the Water Deity, whose home was located in the place called the Union of Rivers and Lakes.

It was a vast territory where several lakes, surrounded by rivers, could be found.

After visiting every lake and scanning every river in the Domain, they finally realized that the Demigod might have left her territory, knowing that they were coming.

"This is not surprising," Silenus, who was eating an apple on the deck of the flying ship stated. "Nabia is a scryer. She might have foreseen you visiting every Demigod here in the Western Continent and fled before you even reached her home. She might have thought that you guys would also take her prisoner."

Ifrit and Henkhisesui both agreed in Silenus' remark about their acquaintance. Among the four of them, Nabia was the most cautious, and would not fight a battle that she had no hope of winning.

Ifrit, who had suffered under Astrape's hand, was feeling quite good at the moment. Seeing the Pseudo-Gods' frustration made him unable to hold back the grin that had long appeared on his face.

'Good job, Nabia,' Ifrit thought as he gave the Water Demigod two thumbs up in his heart.

After two more hours of searching, Astrape and Bronte returned to the Flying Ship without any success. 

"We've searched everywhere and even checked the nearby territory, but not a single trace of her can be found," Astrape reported.

"As a Water Deity, she is able to travel through the rivers, and the water had dispersed any clues as to which route she had taken," Bronte stated. "Master, I'm afraid that we will be unable to find this Nabia Girl."

William nodded in understanding and thanked the two Pseudo-Gods who were feeling down because they were unable to accomplish their mission.

Now that the last Demigod couldn't be found, the Half-Elf was left with no other choice but to continue with the plan he had in mind.

He believed that, even without Nabia, having the three Demigods by his side would be enough of a deterrent force for the Kings of the Gunnar Federation.

"Let's rest here for tonight," William said before shifting his gaze to Ifrit, Henkhisesui, and Silenus. "I would like to invite the three of you to enter my Domain. Don't worry, you will not be harmed in any way. This is just insurance to prevent the three of you from escaping. 

"Although the means we used to take you all into custody was a bit forced, we didn't lie when we said that we need your help in order to rally all the Kingdoms in the Western Continent in order to fight against a force that threatens to destroy this world."

Ifrit sneered. "You keep spouting this nonsense that this world is about to be destroyed. Do you think we are gullible Human children who would believe such a tale?"

Henkhisesui was of the same opinion as his friend, Ifrit. He didn't believe whatever the red-headed teenager was talking about and simply thought that it was an excuse to make them his underlings.

Silenus, on the other hand, had no comment on the matter whatsoever. Whether Wiliam was lying or not, he didn't care. The only thing in his mind was to see the world again after spending hundreds of years inside the forest where he stayed.

"Since you want to see it so badly, allow me to show you," William said as he walked towards Ifrit, who subconsciously flinched because the Half-Elf was radiating a power that made him feel threatened.

The Half-Elf then tapped Ifrit's, Henkhisesui's, and Silenus' foreheads, making the three of them fall into a daze. 

When the three regained their senses, they found themselves in a world with a clear blue sky, and a sea that spanned as far as their eyes could see. 

Surrounding them were countless weapons that were embedded on the sea's surface, as if it were one of the battlefields of the ancient past.

In truth, William's Sea of Consciousness had taken the form of the battlefield of Asgard, before it was completely destroyed.

Countless numbers of weapons laid on the ground back then as their owners fought, until they drew their last breath, in order to protect everything they held sacred.

This scene had left a great impact on William, who he had carried this scene with him subconsciously through the many lifetimes that he had lived after the fall of Asgard.

Floating at the center of it all were two Soul Crystals. One was white, the other was black. 

Resting inside them were his two familiars, Elliot, and Conan, whom William had kept inside his world, so that he could visit them anytime he wanted.

"I will now show you the Army that we are about to face," William said in a calm manner. However, if one were to listen closely, a trace of sadness could be heard in his voice.

Suddenly, the blue world disappeared, and was replaced by a hellish scene where flames scorched the land, and the heavens were as red as blood.

The weapons that were embedded in the sea remained, but this time, they were rooted in dirt, which was dyed in blood.

Countless bodies of people, monsters, and giants lay dead on the ground, while the screams, roars, and curses of the warriors still fighting in the surroundings reverberated in the air.

Then, the three Demigods saw him.

A Giant that towered above all of the other giants, carrying a flaming sword in his hand. 

With a single swipe of his sword, everything in the surroundings burned with scorching flames, that even Ifrit, who wielded the power of Fire, felt as if his flames were nothing more than that of a candle when compared to the sword's flames that were akin to those of a flamethrower.

Suddenly, a pink-haired giantess, who was several times smaller than the giant who held the fiery sword, shouted a warcry as she charged head-on into a fight against a being that was several times more powerful than her.

"Shatter the Void!" the Giantess shouted. "Blood Wing Tempest!"

Countless red butterflies fluttered around the Giantess as she unleashed what seemed to be her strongest attack against the towering monster in front of her.

Her attack connected, but it was not enough to defeat her opponent. Soon, she was devoured by hellish flames that left nothing behind but the cinders of her body, as she stood up against an existence that was impossible for her to defeat.

It was then that they saw William, who shouted in pain and heartbreak after seeing the Giantess die.

A moment later, he too attacked the giant but it was in vain. Several more warriors joined the fight, but the only thing that awaited them were the scorching flames that burned their existence off the face of the world.

These hellish scenes continued until only one person remained on the battlefield.

Lying on the ground, unable to even lift a finger, he waited for death to claim him.

Soon, a beautiful Elf appeared out of nowhere, and held him tight. 

Silenus, who was a lover of beauty, couldn't help but weep at this scene because he was touched by the overflowing feelings of the Elf who had come to hold the silver-haired Einherjar, for the last time, before she, and him, were burned to ashes by the Giant who led the Army of Destruction.Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

The last thing that the three Demigods saw was a world covered in flames, where no traces of life remained. 

They wanted to say in their hearts that everything they saw was just an illusion, a scene made from the whims of the red-headed teenager who wanted them to obey his will.

And yet, the raw emotions they felt, while watching the battle unfold remained in their hearts.

This was something that couldn't be faked. As Demigods, they were able to separate truth from lies, and what they saw was the truth, and nothing but the truth.

A few minutes later, the flames disappeared and they were once again back in the clear blue world that looked so serene and peaceful, which was a stark contrast to what they had witnessed just now.

"That is what we will be facing in two years time," William said softly. "Now, I will let you decide whether you will just watch from the side as the world burns into ashes, or make your last stand alongside those who seek to protect this world."

The Half-Elf then waved his hand, and returned the three back to the real world, where they all looked at the red-headed teenager in a new light.

"I'll give you a day to make up your minds," William stated before turning around to open a portal that led to the Thousand Beast Domain. 

"Whether you flee or fight, is up to you to decide. However, know that there is nowhere you can run to, even if you run to the ends of this world, in an attempt to save your lives. 

"The only thing that awaits you is a slow, and painful death. You will be the last survivors of a world that is about to fall into ruin, and you will die knowing that you didn't do anything to stop it."