Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"So, this is the Kingdom of Edelweiss?" Will smiled as he looked at the Kingdom that was surrounded by floating islands, with waterfalls falling down from a height of hundreds of meters, creating several rainbows, showing a picturesque scene that was straight out of a Fairy Tale book.

"Yes," Ephemera said with pride. "Welcome to Edelweiss. One of the three Kingdoms that had remained standing in the Western Continent for two millennia."

Durren snorted. If the Edelweiss Kingdom had stood in the Western Continent for two millenia then the Dwarven Kingdom of Beldaral had stood for the past four!

However, the Dwarf didn't voice this thought because Ephemera had clearly stated that her kingdom was only one of the "three" kingdoms that had remained standing in the Western Continent for the past thousands of years.

Usually, Kingdoms and Empires rose and fell due to constant wars waged in order to expand their territories. 

Some rulers had this grand vision of being the one and true conqueror under the heavens, and unifying an entire continent under their banner, making them the one and true sovereign of the land.

Unfortunately, no one had succeeded in doing this in the past. 

It was just an endless cycle of Kingdoms rising and falling, giving birth to new Kingdoms, and those who had lost the power struggle became nothing more than dust in the wind, and no one even remembered their names.

The Flying Ship decreased its speed and slowly approached the beautiful Kingdom of Edelweiss, with the majority of William's women looking at this scene from the deck of their ship.

"I'm so envious," Silenus said when he saw over twenty young, and beautiful, ladies on the deck of the ship. 

He couldn't help but feel envious because he had rated every single one of the girls surrounding the Half-Elf, and none of them were below a 9 out of 10 on his personal beauty scale.

Even the little ones like Medusa, Erinys, and Cherry, received a high score because, although they were still young, they were all promising beauties that could topple entire nations in a few years.

"Master, can we go sight-seeing later?" Medusa asked as she pointed at one of the floating islands in the distance. "I want to play over there."

"Me, too!" Cherry, who had grown very close to her two playmates, Medusa and Erinys, also raised her hand. "I want to go as well!"

"I'll go with them, too," Erinys replied. "Just in case they get into trouble."

Among the three little girls, Erinys was the most sensible of all, so the Half-Elf thought that it would be fine if they all went together. However, since the three girls were so adorable, he was afraid that they might attract a lot of flies, that would hover over them, while they were exploring on their own. 

"Okay, but the three of you won't be going on your own without a companion," William replied after pondering for a minute. "Titania, please look after the little ones."

"You want me to baby sit them?" Titania arched an eyebrow at the Half-Elf who had pushed the three little troublemakers to her. 

"Yes," William nodded. "I'm worried about them."

The Half-Elf knew that if Titania were to go with Medusa, Cherry, and Erinys, the three girls would be safe even if the entire army of the Kingdom of Edelweiss tried to get in the way of their enjoyment.

"Fine," Titania reluctantly accepted her baby sitter role. "But, you have to give me a proper reward later."

"Okay."

"Good. Remember your words, Master."

William smiled because he already knew what Titania wanted from him. In truth, he could tell that the Fairy Queen was also itching to explore the Kingdom of Edelweiss, so he decided to make her babysit the three girls to give her an excuse to take a stroll.

The moment they neared the central islands, hundreds of Griffons took flight and headed in their direction. 

This was the Aerial Force of the Kingdom of Edelweiss that protected their capital city, Nivale.

"Halt! Your flying ship doesn't have the banner of the Federation," one of the Griffon Riders shouted as he maneuvered his flying mount to hover beside the flying ship. "If you enter our airspace without stating your affiliation, we will commence an attack on your flying ship!"

The Captain of the Griffon Battalion was a man in his early forties, and a scar could be seen on the side of his face.

Clearly, he was a veteran on the battlefield, and a staunch defender of his homeland. He didn't even bat an eye after seeing the many beautiful women on the deck of the flying ship. For him, beauty was enough to befuddle the minds of young men, but for people like him who had seen many deaths during his lifetime, it was not something that could move his heart.

Before William could even state his name and announce his affiliation, a giant fireball shot towards the Captain, making the latter immediately urged his flying mount to evade.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Fortunately, the fireball wasn't moving very fast, so the Griffon was able to dodge it at the last minute.

A minute later, a powerful explosion reverberated in the surroundings as the giant fireball exploded mid-air.

Before William and the Griffon Riders could even react to what happened, a domineering voice reached everyone's ears.

"Who dares block my way?" Ifrit asked as he hovered on top of the Flying Ship with his entire body burning in bright flames. "Did you mortals grow a pair of balls while I was sleeping in my Domain? To think that I, Ifrit, would be barred from going where I pleased. Are you insects that eager to die?"

The Griffon Riders, who finally recognized the being that was talking to them, all had grim expressions on their faces. 

The Four Demigods of the Western Continent were all Untouchables. Anyone who dared to annoy them would either die a quick death, or suffer a long and very painful life of torment.

"Ifrit, don't scare them too much," Silenus said with a frown. "What will you do if they all suffer a heart attack? We must handle this peacefully, you know?"

"What's wrong with making them understand who they are dealing with?" Henkhisesui asked. "If they don't recognize who we are then they don't deserve to live. Oi, you, Captain over there, do you know who we are?"

The scar-faced man almost pissed himself after the snake-headed man pointed in his direction. 

The portraits of the Four Demigods hung on the barracks, as well as gallery of all the Kingdoms of the Gunnar Federation, so that the members of the military, the nobles, as well as the members of the Royal Family, don't accidentally offend them if they were to meet them within the boundaries of their territories.

However, the Captain didn't expect that not one, not two, but three Demigods would suddenly appear within their Kingdom, and it made him feel as if he had woken up on the wrong side of the bed when he woke up this morning.

"Your Excellencies, forgive me, I didn't notice all of you right away," the Guard Captain smiled, but his face was so scrunched up that he looked as if he was crying instead of smiling. "It is our honor that the Great Ifrit, the Noble Henkhisesui, and the Benevolent Silenus, have graced our humble kingdom with their presence. Please, allow me to escort you, and your friends, to the capital."

The Captain then waved at his men, making them all fly to the side, removing the wall of Griffons that barred the Flying Ship's path.

All of his men had beads of cold sweat on their foreheads because they felt as if they had been given a royal pardon, and they were no longer in any danger of being killed.

Block that path of three Demigods?

Sorry, but I don't plan on dying anytime soon.

What? We are not doing our jobs properly?

How about you go and ask the King if he has the guts to stop them?

These Sirs want to live!

William, who no longer needed to state his name and affiliation, found this situation quite amusing. Getting the help of the Demigods was now showing its effect, allowing him to brute force his way through the obstacles that barred his way. 

Under the protection of hundreds of Griffons, the Flying Ship flew over the Capital City of Nivale.

The citizens raised their heads to look at the grand procession, which made them wonder if a member of the Royal Family had arrived after their journey outside of their Domain.

If they only knew that the three notorious Demigods of the Western Continent were currently on the deck of the Flying Ship, a city-wide panic might ensue, making everyone go back inside their houses, and shut their doors tightly, in fear that one of these powerful Overlords would sneeze and wipe their city from the face of the world.