Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"It is quite a fascinating tale," Alexis said as he and William talked in private, without the Half-Elf's lovers or the three Demigods present to listen to their conversation.

Alexis made sure to greet the three Demigods properly, and took the initiative to invite William to talk in private to better understand his reason for coming.

Naturally, the Half-Elf told the truth, which made Alexis want to laugh and ask if he was joking with him.

However, as someone who had schemed against others in the past, he could tell that the Half-Elf wasn't lying, which made him wonder if he should give him the benefit of the doubt.

"Okay, let's say that what you're telling me is true." Alexis smiled. "Do you expect mortal armies to contend against a mighty army that is led by three Gods of Destruction? If you were in my place, what would you think?"

William nodded his head in understanding before giving his reply.

"What you're thinking, and what you're saying, is probably what the other Kings of the Gunnar Federation would think and say after hearing my story," WIlliam replied. "But, that doesn't change the fact that they will be arriving in two years. You can choose to close your eyes, and go to sleep, but the moment they come knocking on your door, sleep will be the last thing that you will think of."

Alexis chuckled because he could tell that William had already resigned himself to getting ridiculed by the other Kings of the Gunnar Federation after he told them of his reason for visiting their territories.

"So, since you already believe that none of us will take you seriously, you decided to enlist the help of the Demigods to prove your point, yes?" 

"Right."

Alexis rested his chin on top of his intertwined hands and looked at the Half-Elf with a serious look on his face. There were no longer any traces of mirth in his eyes. Only a solemn expression that befit a Monarch, who was about to make a hard decision that would decide the fate of his kingdom, could be seen.

"So, what will you do if none of us partake in this Grand Alliance of yours?" Alexis asked. "Also, what is your reason for visiting me first? Are you planning to lay waste to our Kingdom if I refuse, to serve as an example to make the other Kings of the Gunnar Federation take you seriously?"

William shook his head. "Laying waste on your Kingdom would be going too far. Also, I have no intention of forcing you to join the Grand Alliance."

"Oh?" Alexis arched an eyebrow after hearing William's words. He thought that the Half-Elf would order the Demigods to destroy his Kingdom to scare the other rulers into submission.

"Then, what will you do if I refuse?

"Nothing. I'll just pack up and return to the Central Continent, and tell my Steward that I failed to convince you guys."

"That's it?" Alexis inquired. He didn't believe that the Half-Elf would really not use force in order to get his way. If he had the backings of the Demigods in the Western Continent, he would be able to move anywhere unhindered, and make the other Monarchs bow down to kiss his feet.

"Yeah. I'll leave the rest to my Steward," William replied. 

"Your Steward?"

"Yeah. The same person that suggested that I should just extinguish the entire Royal Bloodline of the Kingdoms who refused to cooperate and choose a random beggar on the streets to become its new King. She's also the one that didn't bat an eye when it came to cutting off the arms of two of the Heavenly Virtues because they annoyed her. Although it is going to be a roundabout method, I'll leave this matter in her capable hands."

The corner of Alexis's lips twitched after hearing William's explanation. He didn't expect that the Half-Elf would shift the responsibility to other people, and the person he chose was someone who wouldn't hesitate to place a puppet ruler on the throne in order to get what she wanted.

"Okay, let's talk about the cooperation you want." Alexis sighed before leaning back on his chair. "What do you want us to do?"

After giving it some thought, Alexis knew that he would rather deal with the harmless looking Half-Elf in front of him, than deal with a dangerous woman who would not hesitate to exterminate his entire bloodline.

"The mortal armies will deal with the threat of Myriad Beasts, and anything below that rank," William said. "If possible, I would like all of the experts from the various kingdoms to sit down and share their technologies, so that we can create weapons that would allow us to deal a serious blow to these invaders from the Void."

Alexis rubbed his chin because he thought that this plan was quite feasible. The Dwarves and the Gnomes usually butted heads with each other, but that didn't change the fact that both races were capable of creating weapons that were efficient on the battlefield.

The mere thought of these two races working together to share technologies, and possibly build a weapon of mass destruction made Alexis shudder.

"Earlier, I thought that there was no hope," Alexis commented. "But now, it seems that there is still hope."

The King of Edelweiss started to warm up to the idea of letting the greatest minds of all the Kingdoms gather, and work together to create something that could give them a chance to win the hopeless war that they were about to face. 

"Since this will be a battle for survival, I want all of the Kingdoms to draft all able bodied men and women to fight," William stated. "Their training should start as soon as possible because we don't have much time left."

Alexis frowned but he understood the logic behind William's words. The people that would go to war had a very low chance of survival. However, If they were to really lose the war, everyone would die, so those who didn't choose to fight would die as well.

"We will receive a lot of backlash from this," Alexis replied. "It might also make our people resent us."

"Don't worry, I have a plan," William commented. "We will make them understand the gravity of the situation. However, there is just one problem."

"And that problem is?"Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

"A part of this city will be destroyed?"

Alexis smiled after hearing William's words.

"Actually, the King of Quince and I had a little conflict a few days ago," Alexis said. "How about instead of destroying my city, you destroy a part of his capital city instead? Hey~ we can be considered to be allies already, you know? Why hurt your friends when you can hurt others?"

William chuckled internally but still nodded his head in understanding.

Before he started his war with Felix, Morax had invaded the Silvermoon Continent bringing Hundreds of Giants with him. He had captured these giants, and used the power of Darkness to corrupt them to become his slaves.

Some of these Giants were of the Demigod Rank, while the others were of the Myriad Rank. There was also a Pseudo-God Giant, but after it died, its rank regressed to the Initial Stages of the Demigod Rank.

Even so, a Demigod was still a Demigod. Since people didn't want to believe that the Giant Invasion was real, he would make it a reality and make them understand that the borrowed peace they were enjoying, would soon be trampled by the towering monstrosities that were locked up inside the Dungeon of Atlantis. 

A moment later, the sound of laughter echoed inside the room as Alexis drafted a well thought out plan, that would make his good friend, the King of Quince, pee on his robes once he saw the calamity that was about to descend on top of his head. 