Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"... No."

That one word was like a small spark that ignited the collective thoughts of everyone defending the Capital City of Quince.

Soon, the sound of laughter was heard as all the Giants started laughing. It was as if they found the expressions of the King, and his soldiers quite amusing, that they all just stood there and mocked the soldiers, who tried to desperately protect their homeland.

"P-Please… Please stop," Kieron said while his entire body shook due to fear, and panic. "W-We surrender. Please, stop this at once."

The Giants stopped laughing and glanced at each other. However, the next second another round of laughter ensued as if they found Kieron's pitiful plea for surrender the funniest thing that they heard in their lifetime.

Just then, the giant army parted as one of the giants, whose eyes were burning in a blue hue appeared. 

The giant stopped a few meters away from the city wall, towering over it like an omen of death.

"No." the Giant stated. "We don't accept surrender. Now… Die!"

Without any warning, the Giant kicked the city walls, breaking them apart, and sending soldiers flying in every direction.

However, before these soldiers could fall to their deaths, a gust of wind picked them up and allowed them to land safely on the ground.

"Fall back. I'll take it from here."

A confident voice filled with authority and power said from the sky.

When Kieron, and his soldiers raised their heads to look in the direction where the voice was coming from, they saw a four-winged, snake-headed man, whom they instantly recognized as one of the Demigods of the Western Continent.

"Y-Your Excellency!" Kieron shouted in both joy and relief as one of the Overlords of the land appeared at the right moment.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Henkhisesui, the Demigod who wielded the power of Air, raised his hand and conjured hundreds of giant wind blades, which rained down upon the Giants, making them stagger.

Upon seeing this unbelievable scene, the soldiers cheered as they regained their courage after seeing that the Demigod was fighting alongside them.

"Support his Excellency!" Kieron shouted. "Men and women of Quince! Do not falter! Protect our homeland! Kill!"

""Kill!""

""Kill!""

""Kill!""

All the defenders were emboldened after Henkhisesu made his appearance, so they all fought with everything they had.

Unfortunately, on this day, they realized that courage alone would not be enough to defeat the hulking monstrosities who now all roared in anger.

The Giants no longer held back, and all of them smashed the city walls, sending people flying in every direction.

Henkhisesui waved his hand and all the soldiers on the ramparts were blown away by a powerful gust of wind, sending them at the very rear of the city, so that they wouldn't participate in his battle against the Giants.

'Now, let's see how strong you guys are,' Henkhisesui's expression became serious as he decided to fight with everything he had.

It had been many years since he had fought to his fullest, so he wanted to know just how strong these Giants were, and see for himself if the Half-Elf's fears were unfounded.

"Howl!" Henkhisesui roared as it swung its spear towards the Giant whose eyes were burning like hell fire. "Glaive of the East Winds!"

Several tornadoes materialized in front of Henkhisesui, pushing back the Giant Army, with the exception of the giant whose strength had reached the peak of Demigod. 

Instead of being repelled, the Giant shrugged off Henkhisesui's attack, and charged in the snake-headed man's direction with his war axe raised high.

The Giant's name was Zotor.

He was the captain of the scouting party of Giants that came with Morax to Hestia in order to destroy it. 

Zotor was a Pseudo-God in the past, but he was killed during the battle in the SIlvermoon Continent. 

When William had raised him from the dead, his rank degraded to Peak Demigod, instead of a Pseudo-God.

Even so, he was still quite strong, allowing him to resist the tornadoes, and strike at the Demigod, who was calmly hovering above the city.

The air itself seemed to tear apart as Zotor swung his axe towards the snake-headed Demigod.

"Too slow," Henkhisesui said, as he nimbly dodged to the right, allowing the axe's strike pass him, or so he thought. 

Just as the axe started to pass his body, Zotor stopped his attack mid-way and swung his axe sidewards, using the flat of its blade to hit Henkhisesui's body, sending the Demigod crashing towards the ground, destroying hundreds of houses along the way.

Kieron, as well as all the soldiers, stared in disbelief as the Demigod whom they thought was the strongest existence in the world, was casually swatted aside like a fly by the Giant who had a sneer plastered on its hideous face. 

Blood dripped from the corner of Henkhisesui's lips as he propped himself up from the rubble. 

'This bastard is stronger than I expected,' Henkhisesui thought as he wiped away the blood that had come out of the corner of his lips and once again rose towards the sky. 

That first exchange taught him that he must not underestimate his opponent at all cost, or else he would lose in a show of strength.

'If that Half-Elf really wanted to conquer the Western Continent, it would be too easy.' Henkhisesui was starting to realize that William didn't really need them to make the entire Gunnar Federation bend their knees, and agree to a grand alliance. 

All that the Half-Elf needed to do was to casually bring out these Giants from the Thousand Beast Domain, and let them wreak havoc across the land, and everyone would be on their knees, begging him to allow them to join his side.

However, William didn't do that. He'd much rather put up a farce, in order to make the Kings understand just what kind of enemy they would be facing in the future.

In fact, this battle wasn't just happening in the Kingdom of Quince.

It was happening in all the Kingdoms that belonged to the Gunnar Federation, including the Dwarven Kingdom of Beldaral.

Durren had already informed Eldon, according to William's wishes, and the Dwarven King surprisingly agreed to the Half-Elf's plan.

However, Eldon asked that the Giants make their appearance at one of the strongest fortresses of the Dwarven Kingdom, instead of their Capital City.

The Half-Elf agreed to this plan, and sent an adequate number of Giants to each kingdom, numbering just over a hundred.

When Morax and Zotor attacked the Silvermoon Continent, their force consisted of over a thousand giants. 

One Peak Demigod

Thirty Demigods

Hundreds of Myriad Ranked Giants

That was the strength of the Giant Army under the red-headed teeanger's command. Originally, he planned to use them against Felix when he fought against them in the war.

However, he never had the opportunity to use them because his main forces were more than enough to overwhelm the opposition.

This also allowed William to keep their presence a secret, which allowed him to now use them to their fullest potential. 

Right now, all the Kingdoms were being attacked by hundreds of Giants, led by three to four Demigods each.

Henkhisesui shrouded his entire body inside a giant tornado, and flew straight towards Zotor, who was prepared to meet his opponent's strongest attack. 

A moment later, the snake-headed Demigod once again crashed into the city, destroying every structure it collided with, until it came to a complete stop.

Henkhisesui couldn't believe that his opponent had managed to withstand its strongest attack, and was even able to make a counter-attack.

If he knew that Zotor was a former Pseudo-God, he might have cursed William internally for going off the script, and making him look pitiful in front of the people, who thought that their hero had come to save them.