Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

"I can't believe I got a hangover from grape juice," William groaned as he buried his head into something soft and warm.

Sleeping beside him was a lady with short-blue hair, who decided to stay with him for the night after seeing him drinking grape juice in the garden alone and eating peanuts.

It was none other than the Virtuous Lady of Prudence, Shana. 

When the Half-Elf opened his eyes, he found his head nestled on her soft, and tender breasts, which he found comforting despite the headache he had at the moment.

His relationship with Shana wasn't that of a lover, but more like a friend with benefits. At first, the Virtuous Lady was inspired by Invidia to enter the world of Fashion, and since then, she had been pestering William to give her Merit Points, which was used as currency inside the Thousand Beast Domain.

The young lady would often go look for William whenever she ran out of Merit Points after spending it all in buying the fashionable clothes in her favorite fashion store, Vickie's Secret. 

"Why were you drinking here alone? How about you drink my blood instead? It is only ten thousand Merit Points, so you're getting yourself a bargain."

These were the words they exchanged last night, and before he knew it, one thing led to another as he drank his fill of her blood.

Shana was still a chaste maiden, not because she cared for it, but she felt that now was not the right time to let the Half-Elf go all the way with her. 

Unlike William's lovers who always wanted his attention, Shana was a spirited individual. She went at her own pace, and didn't want to be tied down by a relationship, where she would have to compete with other women, in order to get the Half-Elf's attention. 

Right now, the Half-Elf had so many lovers, that he could make love with a different woman every night. 

Shana didn't want any part of that, and William respected this. However, since she had become a fashionista, she would often look for the red-headed teenager in order to get some Merit Points, by offering her blood in exchange.

Just as the Half-Elf was enjoying the soft warmth that was pressing against his face, he felt a hand brushing his head, making him look up to see a sleepy lady looking down on him. 

"That will be 5,000 additional Merit Points," Shana said before kissing William's forehead. "Thank you for your Patronage."

William couldn't help but smile after hearing the young lady's attempt to squeeze more points than usual.

"Do I have to pay for the kiss as well?" William asked.

"No," Shana replied as she pulled the back of William's head closer to her chest, burying the Half-Elf on her soft peaks. "That one is a freebie."

William sighed in comfort as Shana continued to pat his head, while his face was immersed in her voluptuous chest.

Truth be told, the Half-Elf was also fine with the relationship he had with Shana right now. Everyone around him was either his wife or lover, so having the Virtuous Lady of Prudence by his side gives him a sense of balance that allowed himself to be rooted to the ground, reminding him that not every girl around him was his woman, and he was fine with that.

Half an hour later, with Shana's urging, the Half-Elf and her went to have breakfast together.

They were currently in the Palace of Edelweiss, which was going to be the venue of the conference that would be held to discuss the aftermath of the "Giant invasion".

Even the Dwarven King, Eldon, would come to participate, in order to discuss the Grand Alliance that would work hand in hand to fight against the common threat that all of them faced a few days ago.

To their surprise, they were not only ones who were early to the dining table, that was meant for honored guests.

Medusa, Erinys, and Cherry, were there as well, and eating pancakes that Charmaine and the Elves had prepared for them.

"Goodmorning, Master!" Medusa happily greeted William who sat across from her. 

"Good morning, Medusa, Erinys, and you too, Cherry," William replied with a smile.

"Good morning," Cherry replied before quickly lowering her head. Although she was now getting more accustomed to seeing William, she was still unable to meet his gaze head on. 

"Good morning, Will." Erinys smiled like a flower that was about to bloom, making the Half-Elf feel as if his hangover was about to melt away. 

The group of five ate happily until all the pancakes disappeared from the table. 

"Master, are you going to be busy today?" Medusa asked. "I heard from the others that the Kings of the Western Continent will be arriving tomorrow. Are you going to take part in the preparations?"

William shook his head. "King Alexis will handle everything. I will only take part in the conference once it starts tomorrow."

Medusa's eyes sparkled after hearing William's reply.

"Then, can we take an afternoon nap together like we usually do?" Medusa asked. "Bacon and Sharur miss Master's company. Of course, this time, Erinys and Cherry will be joining us as well. Are you free later?"

"Okay," William replied. "It has indeed been a while since we took afternoon naps together. Let's do it today."

"Un!" Medusa happily nodded her head after gaining William's agreement.

Erinys also smiled because it had been a while since he had spent some quality time with William. Because of this, she just used her "William Hug Pillow" that was custom made from Ama-soon whenever she slept at night.

Cherry didn't say anything and just tugged on Medusa's clothes, telling her that they should explore the other parts of the city that they hadn't been before.

After a little bit more small talk, the three girls went to do their daily excursion alongside a guide that the King had personally assigned to them.

"You are really loved," Shana said in a teasing tone. "Do you love them as well?"

"I do," William said in a confident manner.

"Even my sister, Cherry?"

"Don't tell me you are going to sell your sister to me for Merit Points?"

Instead of answering him, Shana just giggled. She never thought of doing any of the sort. Even though she liked to have Merit Points, Cherry was her precious sister. She didn't want to force her to do anything she didn't want to do.

After leaving the dining area, Will saw one of Alexis' trusted Aides, who seemed to be waiting for him to finish breakfast.

Knowing that it was now time for business, Shana bade him goodbye and opened a portal to go to the Thousand Beast Domain.

After the incident of William losing his memories, the other girls were barred from entering, and exiting his private Domain, which caused a lot of concerns. Because of this, William had given everyone the ability to freely enter, and exit his domain, whenever they wanted.

The portals would reject anyone, and anything from entering them without his approval. Those who forced themselves in would find themselves trapped in the Dungeon of Atlantis, staring at the corrupted giants that were now serving under him.

"Good day, Will," King Alexis said in a friendly manner. "My aides just finished compiling the damages that all the members of the Gunnar Federation received during the Giant invasion. Most of the cities only received partial damages, with the exception of three cities that belonged to the Kingdoms of Quince, Fennel, and Zinnia."

Alexis didn't bother to hide the glee on his face after saying that his rival, Kieron, the King of Quince, suffered a lot during the farce that he had concocted with the Half-Elf.

In truth, the capital city of the Fennel Kingdom didn't receive a lot of damage from the Giants. The one who was responsible for almost destroying half of the city was none other than Silenus, who got carried away in trampling the invaders that had dared to slap his handsome face.

"You seem to be awfully happy today, Alexis," William replied. "Are all the preparations for tomorrow's conference finished?"

"Not yet," Alexis admitted. "But they will be finished by tonight. Some of the Kings will be arriving at any time today, so I wanted to ask you if you wanted to meet them when they arrived."

The Half-Elf shook his head. Actually, he felt quite guilty about the destruction that he had caused the Kings of the Gunnar Federation.

Although rebuilding the city would take only a month at most due to the power of the Earth Mages that would help with the repairs, he still felt sorry that he had to resort to an extreme method, just to show them a taste of what the future held.

Alexis, who could see the guilt in William's expression, no longer insisted on the subject, and decided to discuss with him the details of the conference that would be happening the next day.

An hour later, a messenger had arrived in the castle, reporting that the King of the Dwarves, Eldon, had arrived.

"As expected of the Dwarven King," Alexis said. "He someone who doesn't like to make people wait."

The red-headed teenager nodded with a smile. 

Although William didn't want to meet the other Kings of the Gunnar Federation, he didn't mind meeting his in-law, who had come to support him in the conference that would be held the next day.

The Half-Elf also wanted to discuss some important matters with the King of the Dwarves, so he decided to go with King Alexis to give the Dwarven King the grand welcome that he deserved.