Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"Welcome, King Eldon to my humble kingdom," Alexis said as he shook hands with the Dwarf King, who was the first Sovereign of the Western Continent to arrive in his kingdom for the conference that would be held the next day.

"It is an honor to be here, King Alexis," Eldon replied. "I thank you in advance for your hospitality."

"I do hope that you enjoy your stay."

"I hope for that as well."

Alexis and Eldon held each other's gaze for a brief moment before the Dwarf King shifted his attention to William, who was standing at the side to welcome his arrival.

"William, I pray that you've been well since we last saw each other?" Eldon gave the Half-Elf a knowing gaze, making the red-headed teenager give his grandfather-in law a bitter smile.

"I've seen better days, King Eldon," William replied. "But, having you here puts my heart at ease."

The Dwarven King chuckled because he understood what William was hinting at. It had not been an easy journey going this far, but it had to be done.

Someone had to do it, and the Half-Elf decided to become the villain that will throw the dice. 

He had been informed by the Half-Elf through Durren what the King of Edelweiss had planned, and after hearing it, the Dwarven King could only shake his head due to how ruthless King Alexis was to his neighbors.

However, since it worked, the Dwarven King decided to not say anything about it because, at the end of the day, something far worse would happen in the Western Continent in two years time, when the real enemies descended from the Void.

"I know that you're exhausted from your long journey," Alexis said. "Please, let us go to the Palace so that you and your entourage can have a proper rest."Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Eldon nodded because he had many things to discuss with WIlliam and Alexis that were not meant for the public to hear. 

Several minutes later, the three Sovereigns sat inside a private room, where food and refreshments were served.

They discussed the recent incident, and future plans for how they could combat a similar threat in the future.

King Eldon had already seen one of the Gods of Destruction in the Deadlands. Compared to that Godly presence, he'd rather fight Demigods and Pseudo-Gods all day.

King Alexis was both a wise, and sly King. Since William, who had the ability to command Demigods and Pseudo-Gods, was not intent on world domination, he understood that the red-headed teenager was looking at the bigger picture.

He had no doubt that if the Half-Elf wished it, the Western Continent would fall under his rule in just a few days. For William to even talk to them as his equal proved that the danger that they were about to face was real. 

As someone who cared for his nation, King Alexis decided to give his full support to the Grand Alliance that the Half-Elf was planning to make.

"We definitely need to create weapons that will be able to kill Myriad Ranked Monsters," Eldon said as he stroked his beard. "As for weapons against Demigods… this will be hard to make. We need the technologies of the other kingdoms if we even stand a chance in creating these things."

William wholeheartedly agreed with Eldon's proposal. 

The general consensus was that the mortal armies would deal with the Myriad Ranked Beasts, and below, while the Apex Fighters in their alliance would deal with the Demigods and above.

For the time being, this was the plan that they had in mind, unless the Grand Alliance, that spanned the Western, Northern, Eastern, Southern, and Central Continents, could invent other methods to help them overcome the great disparity in the strength between two forces.

The total population of Hestia might outnumber the Army of Destruction ten thousand to one, but numbers meant nothing in the face of absolute strength.

"Well, even if we go down, we go down fighting," Alexis stated in a firm manner. "To think that I will be a part of an epic battle that will go down in the history books if we win, makes my blood boil. What a time to be alive!"

"Indeed," Eldon commented. "I just hope that after we survive that war, no more wars will be waged in this world. Let's make it the war that will end all wars."

Alexis grinned as he swirled the wine in his cup.

"Actually, if we do survive this war, let's just make William the Hegemon of the World," Alexis said. "As long as he is around. No one will dare to stir trouble. By the way, Will, I know that you're already married, and have many lovers as well. 

"Since that is the case, adding a few more won't be too much of a problem. You see, my daughter has just come of age. She's quite the beauty, and she told me that she liked you. How about we set the wedding before the Giants appe–"

"Let's talk about that after we win this war," Eldon interjected in the conversation because he already knew where this was going. 

Clearly, William was someone who could move unhindered in the World of Hestia. If someone were able to make such a man as their in-law, they would be set for life.

"Come now, King Eldon," Alexis said in a teasing tone. "William's heart and bed are big. He can add a few more girls to his harem. By the way, since the three of us are already joined at the hip, why don't you also have one of your daughters marry William? That way, the Dwarves would not fear anyone again."

Eldon didn't reply and simply smiled at Alexis' teasing remarks.

However, deep inside, he was snickering at the shrewd King of Edelweiss. 

Before William had reached his current position, his granddaughter, Chiffon, had already become his wife. This position was unshakeable, which meant that even if the Half-Elf did marry other girls in the future, his pink-haired granddaughter had already secured a place in William's heart.

In order to prevent the discussion from moving down the wrong path, the red-headed teenager decided to stir it back to their current discussion.

"Tomorrow, my Steward in the Central Continent will also hold a conference," William stated. "Once we have finalized the details of our alliance here, we will join their conference, so that together the Sovereigns of the North, South, East, West, and Central Continents can openly discuss our countermeasures."

King Eldon and Alexis nodded their heads in understanding, but there was one big problem. 

How would William be able to gather all the Sovereigns from all the continents to sit down and talk in the same conference room?

When King Alexis asked this question to William, the Half-Elf just smiled and said that he would give all the rulers permission to enter the Floor of Asgard, using the Bifrost Bridge.

The three kings talked about a lot of things, which lasted for several hours before they parted ways to rest.

Later that afternoon, Medusa, Erinys, and Cherry came to look for him as promised. As the four of them took an afternoon nap, the Kings of the other Nations started to arrive in the Kingdom of Edelweiss, one by one. 