Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"Unbelievable," Alexis muttered as he stood on the Bifrost Bridge and stared at the Palace of Asgard in the distance. "So this is the legendary 51st Floor of the Tower of Babylon."

The other Kings shared his sentiment as they gazed at the Floor that belonged to the Half-Elf, whose name had resounded to all the corners of the world, proclaiming him to be the true conqueror of the 51st Floor of the Tower of Babylon.

After Kieron decided to join the Grand Alliance, the other Kings felt that they had nothing more to lose, so they decided to join as well. 

As they walked the shimmering rainbow bridge, they noticed that they weren't alone. Several other people, wearing crowns on their heads, stood at the center of the bridge, as if waiting for their arrival. 

Among them was someone that Wiliam recognized right away, and it was none other than, the King of the Hellan Kingdom, and Estelle's father, Noah Ernest Vi Hellan.

Three other people were with him, and among them was a young teenager, whose age wouldn't exceed fifteen years old, wearing a crown on his head.

He was none other than Princess Sidonie's little brother, King Carl, who had taken over the Anaesha Dynasty that she had left in the Southern Continent when she came to the Central Continent with William.

Right beside the young king was a man in his early twenties with short purple hair, and eyes, who was also wearing a crown. He also caught the half elf's attention. 

He was none other than Princess Aila's older brother, Alaric Sol Zelan, who was now the King of the Zelan Dynasty.

The fourth King was the King of Freesia, who was Princess Sidonie's birth father. He was already in his early sixties, and yet, he still looked like he could ride a bull just by using his two legs.

They were the Sovereigns that represented the Southern Continent, and they had answered William's call and joined his Grand Alliance.

"Your Majesties, welcome to the Floor of Asgard," William said as he gave the four kings a brief nod of acknowledgement. 

Nisha had painstakingly told him that he shouldn't bow down, and should get used to addressing other people of the same rank with a brief nod as a sign of respect.

The Half-Elf almost always forgot this because in his heart, he didn't feel like an Emperor, but in order to not make his steward, who had been overworked as of late, nag at him, he decided to pay heed to his actions, so she wouldn't force him undertake an etiquette training on how an Emperor should act in front of other people.

"It has been a long time, William," King Noah replied. "I still can't believe that the young man whom I had knighted as my Knight Commander, is now an Emperor. You have really come a long way, my boy."

"A lot of things happened," William stated. "Things that were outside of my control."

King Noah nodded in understanding. "How is Estelle? Is she well?"

"Yes. She is currently inside my Domain."

"When will your wedding be held? It's not good to delay these things since the end of the world is fast approaching. I still want to hold my grandson before we all kick the bucket."

The Kings who heard King Noah's words gave him a weird look.

Bruh, this is not the right time to be making babies. Are you mad?

Even William, who wanted to have babies of his own, knew that now was not the time for this. Estelle was one of the fighters that would participate in the battle, so he didn't want her to fight so soon after giving birth to their child.

Also, he didn't want to make babies irresponsibly, especially when the world was facing a crisis. This was why, his child with Celine, who was currently in the Elysian Fields, would be his only child, until they had won the war against the Army of Destruction.

"Let's go inside the Palace," William said in order to change the subject. "The other Kings are gathered there right now."

The Half-Elf walked briskly, almost leaving everyone behind.

King Noah chuckled as he followed the boy whom his daughter had liked since the day they had undergone the Trial of Courage together, and fought against the Cyclops Monster with everything they had.

A quarter of an hour later, William arrived in the Halls of Valhalla, where the Kings were waiting for him.

All of them were seated as they waited for his arrival.

Nisha, who was William's steward, stood beside the High Throne, where Odin would sit whenever he dined with the Einherjars during their feasts.

She was waiting for the Half-Elf to take his place, and look down on the other sovereigns, who were seated on an elevation lower than the throne.

However, instead of going to the throne, William summoned an ordinary chair, and sat down at the base of the steps, leading to it, and faced the Kings who had come to join him to fight against the war.

When Nisha saw this, the latter only bitterly shook her head before walking down the stairs, to stand by his side.

She was William's steward, and the manager of his Harem.

If his Emperor wanted to sit on a simple wooden chair then she would let him do it.

However, once the conference was over, she would make sure to have a private talk with him, inside his bedroom, while the two of them were connected.

The Majority of the kings gave William a nod of approval in their heart because he was treating them as equals, and not someone who was in a position that was higher than them.

This made those who didn't know him change their opinion of him, which made the atmosphere inside the Halls of Valhalla, where the bravest warriors in the world gathered, become less tense.

"I'm sure that my Steward, Nisha, had already told everyone about the dangers that we will be facing," William said. "All of you gathered here today are the Monarchs of your respective nations and, because you care for your people, have decided to join the war that will end all wars. For this, I will be forever grateful."Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

William paused for a bit before waving his hand.

A projection of the battle of Ragnarok appeared behind him, showing everyone the fight in the Half-Elf's perspective from start to finish.

Just as if they were watching a movie in the cinema, the Kings and their escorts couldn't help but feel their blood boiling, both in fear and anger, as they watched the brave men and women fight against the giants who towered above them.

However, one thing stood out to them while they were watching the battle.

None of the warriors retreated. 

They fought with everything they had, until their weapons and bodies broke.

The Kings' gazed at this scene and felt their heart ache for they knew that even after breathing their last, these brave warriors never backed down, and fought until the bitter end.

The battle wasn't that long, and it wasn't that short either. All in all, it lasted for two hours, with the final scene of a silver-haired warrior, dying in the embrace of his beloved Elf, until both of their bodies were burned to ashes.

The scenes they had watched had touched their hearts, and souls, in ways that they never thought possible. 

After the projection faded, no one mentioned anything about the silver-haired warrior looking like the red-headed teenager, who was seated in front of them. That was not important.

The important part was that they had seen what their enemies were capable of, and those who were proficient in the art of war started to formulate the things that they might have done differently, if they had been on that battlefield.

"Today, I officially declare the birth of the Grand Alliance," William announced. "Now. Let us start our discussion about how we will deal with these invaders from the Void."

After talking with his Grandpa, James, William knew that there was no use in worrying about the future, for it comes soon enough. 

Just like James had said to him. 

This time, they would win.

And Win they shall because, from this moment, he and the rest of the people in the world would all fight as one.