Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"See here. If we create several layers of mirrors to increase the intensity of the magical cannons, allowing them to hit a smaller area, we will be able to pierce through the protective carapace off the Adamantium Beetle, which is the sturdiest of the Myriad Beasts in our world."

"But in order to do that we will need to create these mirrors using a crystal that can withstand such magical intensity. We don't have such things in the Silvermoon Continent."

"Us Dwarves have many crystal ores, should I bring in some of them so all of you can see which one fits the one you need to make these mirrors."

"Perfect! I knew you Dwarves could sometimes be useful!"

"Shut up, Gnome! When was the last time you took a bath? You stink!"

"Friends, let us not fight. We are here to discuss things in an orderly manner."

"Shut up, Elf! Your ears are too long!"

"Perfectly fair skin, handsome face, and a good brain to boot. Kuh! Someone take this guy out of this laboratory! Looking at him annoys me!"

"Calm down, Gnome. It's not his fault you were born ugly."

"Piss off Demon! Haven't you seen your face in the mirror? You look like a pig!"

"Too many ideas. Not enough hands! Someone get me the latest design of the Positron Cannon from the Valerian Kingdom, there is something in their design that I think might help us configure the performance of the Dreadnaught Destroyer!"

Heated discussions could be heard everywhere as the greatest minds of the world gathered in several workshops performing various tasks, in preparation for the upcoming war.

It had been two weeks since the Grand Alliance had been founded, and the different kingdoms of the World had started to train all able-bodied individuals to fight.

—--------

"Swing your swords! Don't stop!" 

"Sir, please, I can't do it anymore. I can't lift my arms any longer."

"Okay then start running. You can still move your legs, right? Give me ten laps!"

—--------

"What's this? You've been training for archery for almost a week, and you still can't even hit the bulls eye? I've hit it a dozen times already."

"It's fine. As long as I hit the target. My opponent is a Giant. It's impossible for me to miss!"

"Um, you do have a point. My bad."

"It's fine. Are you free tonight? I know this brothel…"

—--------

High up in the skies of the Floor of Asgard, thousands of Aerial Units were performing joint military exercises together, creating a non-stop magical barrage from the skies.

"Hippogriff Strikers, move out!

"Wyvern Riders, intercept!"

"Dragon Riders, unleash dragon breaths!"

—--------

While everyone was busy preparing for war, the Half-Elf was currently on the Third Floor of the Tower of Babylon, laying on the grass and looking at the clouds that were moving in the sky. His head rested on the mace, Sharur, using it as a pillow.

The chatty mace didn't mind because this was one of the rare occasions where everyone gathered to take an afternoon nap, so he didn't make any noises and simply allowed William to use it as a pillow. 

On the Half-Elf's right side, Erinys was fast asleep, with her arm wrapped around his chest. On his left, Cherry slept peacefully, while being hugged by Medusa, who was doing her best to help the Virtuous Lady of Charity to get over her fear of her Master, who was very kind to her. 

Bacon (AKA Gullinbursti) lay on William's stomach, sleeping like the little pig that it was. Its snout would move from time to time as if it was eating something, and its legs would twitch from time to time also.

Whenever the red-headed teenager wanted to escape the hustle and bustle of his surroundings, he would go to Oogwei's Domain, where he had spent some time with Chiffon when the two of them had to climb the Tower of Babylon.

Oogwei's disciples, Donutella, Leonardude, Michaelangelhoe, and Narnyah, were busy sparring with each other in the distance, while making as little noise as possible.

The Third Floor was one of the most beautiful floors in the Tower of Babylon.

It was a Domain filled with many waterfalls, so several rainbows could be seen at any given time depending on where you looked.

It was also lush in greenery, which had been maintained by the little turtle, Oogwei, who liked to eat cucumbers and sandwiches.

The air was fresh, and it constantly blew in the surroundings, making it the perfect place to take an afternoon nap.

The past two weeks had been some of the busiest days in William's life. He was always present in the joint events, to inspire everyone to work hard, serving as the "Face" of the Grand Alliance.

There were days when he wasn't able to go back to the Thousand Beast Domain, nor to his room to have a proper rest. He would often be seen sleeping on the ground, on the table, on chairs, or on tree branches, which made her lovers quite worried about him.

In the end, Nisha took it upon herself to give the Half-Elf a short vacation, to allow himself to recover from the stress that had accumulated over time.

The veiled-beauty had also assigned the three little girls, who had the most free time in the world, to accompany the Half-Elf and ensure that he rested, instead of continually working.

William's lovers and wives were busy in their own way. Wendy, Estelle, and Haleth always joined the military exercises to help organize the formations that they would use on the battlefield.

Princess Aila, Anh, and Amelia, busied themselves in helping the Medical Teams learn how to proficiently perform emergency treatment on the battlefield.

Belle and the rest of the Demigods would have mock battles among themselves in order to overcome the weaknesses they had.

Lilith, Vesta, and Priscilla assisted Nisha in the management of William's territories. 

The members of the Deadly Sins, the Heavenly Virtues, and the Elders of Deus, were busy formulating an 11th Circle Spell that they could use to combat the Giants.

Deus had once used an 11th Circle Spell in an attempt to make the Southern Continent their own, while the Holy Order of Light used an 11th Circle Spell to summon Belle to their world.

Since they had two years to prepare, they planned to use that time to erect several altars in the world of Hestia in order to cast a Continental-Wide Spell that would help them overcome the difference in ranks between them and the invading Army of Destruction.

"Will, time's up," Oogwei's voice reached Wiliam's ears, informing the Half-Elf that it was now time for him to do the other task that he needed to do. As the Guardian of the Third Floor, Oogwei could pass his message from anywhere from inside it. 

"Understood," William replied inside his mind. "Thank you, Master Oogwei."

"Mmm. Rest is important, so don't hesitate to visit this place whenever you wish."

"I am always grateful for your hospitality."

William turned to his right side where Erinys was sleeping beside him and kissed her forehead.

"Erinys, it's time to go," William said softly. "Please wake up."

The doll-like beauty then opened her eyes before looking up at William with eyes filled with affection.UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"Did you sleep?" Erinys asked before kissing William's lips. "You're supposed to rest, but seeing that you're wide awake, I'm guessing that you didn't sleep."

"My mind is too awake to sleep," William replied before lightly shaking Cherry, who was sleeping beside him. "Wake up, Cherry. It's time to watch the Movie you wanted to watch."

"Fweh?" Cherry abruptly opened her sleepy eyes before looking at the Half-Elf. A moment later, she once again closed them and returned to sleep, making Erinys, who was looking at her friend, giggle.

William arched an eyebrow as he looked at Erinys, who had a sweet smile on her face. "You think this is funny?"

Erinys nodded. "Look at the bright side. At least, she's no longer that scared of you, right? If this was in the past, she would have bolted and ran away with all her might."

The Half-Elf couldn't refute Erinys words and simply nodded his head in agreement.

Just as he was about to wake Cherry and Medusa again, he heard Nisha's voice inside his head, informing him that they had discovered some Demon Tribes that were hiding deep within the mountains of the Demon Realm, and wanted to know how William wanted to deal with them.

A round mirror then appeared in front of William showing Nisha's image.

"Sorry to cut your vacation short, but I will need you to personally speak to the two Patriarchs of these Demon Tribes," Nisha said. "They are claiming that they know you, so they want to talk to you personally."

Erinys, who was by William's side, frowned as she looked at Nisha. The Half-Elf had just started his vacation, and it hadn't been a day before he was called to work again.

However, she didn't say anything because she knew that William had many responsibilities, and this was one of them.

Soon the image of a Boarkin appeared on the round mirror. Upon seeing its face, William's body stiffened because he had seen that face before.

In fact, there was even a time when he had been tempted to slap it silly due to how annoying it was.

The two stared at each other for a full minute before William broke the silence.

"Swiper, no swiping," William said with a teasing smile on his face.

"You motherf*cker!" Swiper replied in anger. "I knew you'd say that!"

Indeed, the one in the projection was none other than the Boarkin that William had met in the Deadlands.

It was none other than Swiper, who led the Demon Faction, and worked as Morax's subordinate which seemed like a lifetime ago.