Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Days passed…

Weeks passed…

Months…

It had been three months since the Grand Alliance was founded, and slowly, but surely, things were starting to take shape.

The geniuses of each Kingdom, Tribe, and Clan, all gathered and made significant breakthroughs when it came to weapons, battle formations, and high-level spells, that made everyone feel a little more confident that they would be able to make the Giants feel a world of pain once they descended into their world.

Right now, William was having a private meeting with the two most powerful existences in the world of Hestia, who had come to look for him of their own accord.

Seated across him were two men whose ages he couldn't ascertain due to their features. Both of them had long white hair that flowed down to their waists and were wearing gray clothes. 

The Half-Elf already knew one of them, which was Leviathan, the Guardian of Atlantis. He was the Overlord of the Ocean. 

William had fought him once, but their battle was a tie. Even with Sun Wukong's perfect fusion, Leviathan was a true PowerHouse, making him a very dependable ally in the upcoming war.

The second one, was the Overlord of the Lands of Hestia, and he was known by the Demigods as Tarasque.

This was the first time the red-headed teenager was meeting Tarasque in person, and although the Pseudo-God's human form looked amiable, and even gentle, the power that was radiating from his body wouldn't lose to Leviathan in the slightest.

They were the two True Protectors of the world, and they had come to William in order to discuss some important matters with him.

"I am very happy with how you handled this situation," Tarasque said with a smile. "Even during the Era of the Gods, when the world was covered in darkness, and the Gods were fighting against each other, the races of the world didn't unite as one like what I'm seeing today. It's quite heartening and fills me with hope."

Leviathan nodded his head from the side because he, too, shared Tarasque's sentiment.

"I am glad that you feel that way, Your Excellency," William replied. "But, I'm sure that you didn't come to find me just because of this, right?"

"Getting straight to the point. I like this attitude as well." Tarasque nodded. "Very well. Since you want to know why we came to visit you, I will no longer tarry and give you some good news."

Tarasque leaned forward on his chair and smiled. 

"What if I tell you that we have a way to turn all the Demigods in this world into Pseudo-Gods?" Tarasque stated. "But, in order to do that, you must gather all of them here first, including those that are currently inside the Hidden Domains."

Leviathan, who had been quiet on the side, spoke up as well.

"This is just a one time thing, so in order to not waste it, we must gather all the Demigods in one place, and have them all transform into Pseudo-Gods," Leviathan commented. "I know that you have already started to visit the Forbidden Grounds one by one in order to add them to your army, but you must make haste if you want to maximize this once in a lifetime opportunity."

"Is there perhaps a time limit?" William inquired. 

There was a sense of urgency in Levithan's tone, making the Half-Elf feel that there was a deadline for this once in a lifetime opportunity, making him a little anxious.

"Yes," Leviathan replied. "You have ten months to gather as many Demigods as you can, and bring them all here in the Central Continent. The reason being, that is when the magical power of this world will be at its peak. It is strong enough to empower an Eleventh Circle Spell, which can be used to raise the ranks of all the Demigods to the next stage."

The Half-Elf's took this news seriously because this was indeed some very good news. He had often wondered how the disparity between the quality, and quantity, of the Higher-Ranking combatants of both parties could be overcome, but this issue had been stressing him out for a very long time.

No matter how small, any advantage that he could strive for was a welcome addition to his cause.

"I will work harder in order to hasten the conquest of the Forbidden Grounds," William stated. "I will mobilize all the Pseudo-Gods under my command to start looking for the locations of these Forbidden Grounds at once."Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

"There's no need for that," Tarasque said before handing William an aged scroll. "These are all the locations of the Forbidden Grounds, as well as the hidden ones within the lands of Hestia."

Leviathan also handed the Half-Elf another scroll.

"These are the Forbidden Grounds located in the seas and oceans of the world," Leviathan stated. "I'm afraid that even if you do your utmost for the next ten months, you will not be able to visit them all."

William accepted both scrolls and opened them to allow Optimus to record them, just in case the scrolls were lost. 

"Your Excellencies, why did you just give me these scrolls now?" William asked. "If you could have given it to me sooner…"

Leviathan and Tarasque glanced at each other before shaking their heads at the same time.

"We also wished we could have given them to you sooner," Tarasque replied. "However, we just finished surveying the entirety of this world today and jotted down those locations on the map."

"The world is a vast place," Leviathan stated. "Even if we are the Overlords of our respective domains, we don't know every nook and cranny of this world. This is why it took us a while to look for these places, so we could give these to you as soon as we could."

The two Pseudo-Gods gave William a brief bow before standing up.

"Please use it well, Your Majesty," Tarasque said softly. "You don't have to visit them all. Visit what you can, and after the ceremony, you can visit the others."

Leviathan gave the Half-Elf a side-long glance before opening the door to leave. 

"Remember this, William," Leviathan said as he walked past the door. "Everyone is doing their best in their own way. The burden doesn't only lie in your hands."

Tarasque smiled as he followed behind Leviathan, leaving William to ponder his next course of action.

They had seen how much the Half-Elf had worked behind the scenes, so they also took it upon themselves to work just as hard, leaving him the fruit of all of their hard work.