Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

A month had passed since Leviathan and Tarasque had visited William. Since then, he had already conquered five Forbidden Grounds, raising the number of Pseudo-Gods under his command by five more.

Just like the other Forbidden Domains, aside from the Pseudo-Gods, they also had Demigods which served as the Boss Monsters of the upper floors. 

As an example, the Faeries guarding Titania's Tir Na Nog were scheduled to have their ranks upgraded to Pseudo-Gods when William had finished visiting as many Forbidden and Secret Domains as he could during the time that was allotted to him. 

Unlike Astrape, Bronte, Titania, and the Nymphs, William didn't make any contracts with them, not because he didn't want to, but because he couldn't. 

His soul couldn't afford to form anymore contracts with Demigods, so he used the destruction of the world to get them to join his side willingly.

William also explained to them in detail of why he was conquering their Domains, which made some of the Pseudo-Gods doubtful of his words.

As for those who were unwilling, they faced the one-sided beating of several Pseudo-Gods, until they finally understood that joining the Grand Alliance was the least painful option.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

However, since William had conquered their Dungeon and made it his own, they had no choice but to give him the benefit of the doubt, and tag along with him to conquer the other Forbidden Grounds, to further raise the number of William's forces. 

Having five more Pseudo-Gods greatly increased the capture rate of the Dungeons located in the Forbidden Grounds, which led Nisha to give the Half-Elf a short vacation in order to take a breather.

The Half-Elf didn't reject the offer and left the Central Continent to go to a more peaceful place.

​ A place where he had spent his childhood days happily with the members of his small herd.

"Back then, I was more handsome than you," a shepherd said while laying on the soft wool of the sheep under his head. "Now, I am still more handsome than you."

The Half-Elf rolled his eyes after hearing the words of his first best friend whom he hadn't seen in a while.

"But, even though I'm more handsome than you, I'm hearing rumors that you already have over thirty wives!" Theo, the shepherd boy who would always accompany William whenever he took his goats to the pasture to graze, propped himself up and looked at Half-Elf with bloodshot eyes.

"I'm so envious!" Theo grounded his teeth in frustration. "Do they have sisters?! Even cousins will do. Introduce me!"

"Piss off! You smell like sheep!" William pushed Theo's face, who was breathing like a dragon in his face, away. 

Theo swatted Wiliam's hand away from his face before glaring at the Half-Elf who had become a winner in life after he left Lont.

"Shut up, milk drinker!" Theo glared. "Is that your secret? Because you drank Goat Milk when you were young, you became super popular with the ladies?"

"No, Bro. It's all about the looks." William wagged his finger in front of his best friend, who had remained in Lont and lived his life peacefully. "Can't you see how handsome I am? Even if you take a bath everyday, you will not reach this level of handsomeness in your lifetime. It would be a sin if the ladies didn't flock to me."

Theo clicked his tongue before rubbing his hands over his face.

"To think you even made Princess Aila your lover," Theo said grudgingly. "I had a crush on her back then. I thought that she would be my girlfriend after a year. But that old fart Owen took her with him when he went to the Central Continent. I missed my chance to confess!"

William arched an eyebrow before looking at his friend from head to toe. 

Theo used to be a chubby boy when they were younger. Now, he was a young man with a well-toned body, as well as above average looks. 

Truth be told, Theo was quite popular with the young ladies in Lont. it would not be hard for him to find one whom he could spend his life with. 

However, William didn't expect that the frog had tried to eat a swan, which he had eaten, after it flew to the Central Continent before following him to the Demon Continent.

"Sorry Bro, but you didn't stand a chance from the very start," William said as he patted Theo's shoulder with a smug smile on his face, which made the latter so annoyed that he lunged at the Half-Elf, making both of them roll down the grass hill.

"The early bird catches the early worm," Theo lamented as he laid on the ground panting for breath after his short scuffle with William. "I wasn't early enough. With my good looks, I'm sure that she would have said Yes, if I confessed to her."

"If you say so," William said with a teasing smile on his face. "Still, if you want to marry Princesses, there are many out there. I'm sure you will find the one that is meant for you sooner or later."

Theo shook his head before he stared at the Half-Elf as if the latter wasn't well versed in the art of love.

"I won't fall in love with just a random person," Theo patted his chest proudly. "It must be similar to love at first sight or none at all. How about you? Did you make the ones whom you fell in love with at first sight, your wife?"

William pondered for a bit before answering Theo's question.

The first one he fell in love with on Earth was Belle, who had now become his wife.

The one he fell in love with at first sight was his Master, Celine. Technically, she was not yet his wife, but she had already given birth to his baby, making the Half-Elf scratch his head about how the order of things had been jumbled up.

"Well, in a way, I ended up with the two girls I fell in love with at first sight," William replied.

"What?! How can there be such a thing!" Theo looked at the Half-Elf in disdain. "Two love at first sight? Isn't that cheating?"

The Half-Elf laughed because this talk about random things made him realize that even though the end of the world was coming their way, that wouldn't stop the people of Hestia from enjoying the simple pleasures of life.

Just as he was about to talk nonsense with Theo again, a beam of light descended a few meters away from him.

There, Nisha, who was wearing a veil like always, as well as a girl whom William hadn't seen for a long time appeared a few meters away from him. 

"Greetings, Your Majesty," the young lady beside Nisha gave William a respectful bow before raising her head. "I was planning to wait for you to return to the Floor Asgard, but Lady Nisha and I met each other in the hallway, and she decided to help me reach out to you."

William glanced at the veiled-beauty, who only nodded her head, before shifting his gaze to his ex-fiance, whom he hadn't seen since the last time they met in the Misty Sect.

It was none other than Rebecca.

The genius girl who had broken her engagement with William, many years ago. 

William subconsciously lowered his gaze to look at her chest in amusement.

It wasn't small, but failed to reach the Cup C requirement that he had stated when he was asked by her grandfather, Lawrence, who was the former Duke of the Dukedom of Griffith, what his ideal woman was like.