Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The sounds of the night, as well as the crackling of the campfire could be faintly heard in the background.

"Have you ever thought that something like this would happen between us?" William inquired.

"No," Rebecca replied in a heartbeat.

William chuckled. "Me, neither."

Right now, the Half-Elf was resting his head on Rebecca's lap, as he looked at the star-studded sky.

After he recovered from his grief, he already found himself lying on Rebecca's lap.

He couldn't remember how he ended up in that manner because he had been in a daze after reading Elliot's letter.

The Half-Elf thought that he had already overcome his sadness for the loss of his two familiars, but that was only on the surface. Elliot's letter was proof that he was still saddened by their deaths, and was merely keeping himself busy, so that he wouldn't think about them more.

"What is it like to be born a genius?" William asked.

"Do you want me to hit you?" Rebecca replied. "You of all people shouldn't ask me this question."

The Half-Elf smiled because, after realizing what he just asked, he had undoubtedly stepped on a landmine.

"I already said that when I first saw you, I found you very cute and adorable," William stated. "Back then, I thought that my Grandfather's decision to have an arranged marriage wasn't necessarily a bad thing. How about you? What was your first impression of me?"

Rebecca didn't reply right away. Instead, she closed her eyes as she recalled the first time she had met the shepherd, who had come home covered in dirt and grass.

"Dirty, smelly, and looked like an obnoxious brat," Rebecca replied. "I am older than you by a year, and just the thought of spending a lifetime cleaning up your mess, made me want to get rid of you as soon as possible."

"You're not holding back with your praises, are you?"

"Because it's the truth. A shepherd isn't really my ideal husband. Back then, I wanted to marry a Prince, like those in the fairy tale books I read when I was younger. Also, as a member of the nobility, and the daughter of a Duke, I was bound to marry a person with high social standing."

William rolled his eyes after hearing Rebecca's answer. He didn't think that the hundred-year-genius was a hopeless romantic who only thought about a Prince Charming in fairy tales that would save the Princess from a fire-breathing dragon in a tower far away.

"I can somehow understand the longing for a fairy tale ending," William commented. "I'm sure that everyone would like to live a 'Happily ever after', but life never follows our wishes. Instead, it gives us these trials, breaking us at times, and sometimes, pushing us to the limits, making us wonder if there is a 'Happy Ending', at the end of all of our suffering."

Rebecca nodded in agreement to William's words. She had learned firsthand that if you really wanted something in your life, you needed to strive for it with everything you had.

"How is Sir Lawrence?" William inquired. "It has been a long time since I last saw him."

Rebecca wrinkled her nose after she was reminded about her grandfather, who was egging her to reconcile with William in an attempt to salvage their relationship.

Her Grandfather still hadn't given up on playing matchmaker between her and the Half-Elf, who now stood at the very top of the world.

"My Grandfather is still very healthy and as ambitious as ever," Rebecca replied. "He still has plans to rekindle our broken engagement and hope that our family can benefit by holding onto your thigh."

"Mmm, no wonder he is Gramps friend," William commented. "They are two birds of the same feather."

"Right." Rebecca agreed wholeheartedly. "The Sect Master is truly a greedy person."

William could only bitterly smile after Rebecca reminded him that James was now the Sect Master of the Misty Sect.

The previous Sect Master had become the Vice Sect Master, whom James had assigned to manage the Misty Sect, while he was away.

In short, the Sect, that once stood as one of the most powerful factions in the Central Continent, was now at his Grandpa's beck and call.

William still didn't know how his Grandpa had managed to do it, but knowing James, the latter could definitely scam people even if they knew that they were being scammed.

"How many wives do you have right now?" Rebecca suddenly asked a question that Wiliam didn't expect she would ask.

"Officially married?" William asked back.

"Yes."

"Around... five."

His official wives were only Wendy, Ashe, Chiffon, Princess Sidonie, and Belle.

This reminded the Half-Elf that there were still some people that he promised to marry, but right now, was not the time to do it.

Originally, he planned to marry Estelle and Lilith after returning to the Central Continent from Earth, but many things happened, preventing him from following this plan.

Even now, that the silver-haired beauty had been freed from the curse, and was always with him, he still couldn't find the right time to host a wedding for her.

Lilith was also waiting for him, and he knew that he only needed to say the word and the entirety of the Ainsworth Empire would move mountains to prepare a Grand Wedding that would be remembered in history.

The Half-Elf also remembered the lazy Elf sleeping in the Spring of Life, located at the roots of the World Tree.

He planned to marry Acedia as well, making him start counting with his fingers. He had promised Belle that he would only have nine wives and lovers, but the number of ladies around him had surpassed that number already.

With these three ladies whom he was sure to marry, the number of wives had now gone up to eight.

Then, there was Cathy, who had proclaimed herself to be his Ninth Wife.Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

The last person he wanted to marry was Celine, closing the number of wives at ten, which was his original plan. But now, that plan was no longer possible.

"You have so many women," Rebecca commented. "And yet, you only have five wives. Do you plan to have more?"

She had noticed that William was counting with his fingers and found this quite amusing.

"I do," William sighed as he gave up counting with his fingers and just laid his hands by his sides. "I plan to take responsibility for all of them."

"Did you plan to become a Harem King from the start?"

"I didn't choose the Harem life, the Harem life chose me."

Rebecca could only smile upon hearing Wiliam's reply. Whatever he wanted to do with his life, she didn't have the right to have a say in his affairs.

"Say, Rebecca, If I ask you a hypothetical question," William said. "Can you give me a hypothetical answer?"

Rebecca arched an eyebrow, but still nodded her head in the end.

"Would you marry someone like me?" William asked.

Rebecca's body stiffened because she didn't expect William's hypothetical question to be something like this.

A few minutes of silence passed before the young lady gave her answer.

That night, under that star-studded sky, two people laid on the grass, and looked for shooting stars, whose swift trails of light flew fleetingly through the distant sky.