Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Three days after William met Rebecca, the Half-Elf returned to the Ainsworth Empire to resume his goal to visit as many Forbidden Grounds as possible.

Rebecca had also returned to the Misty Sect to handle a few things that William asked of her, allowing the Half-Elf to focus on things that needed his immediate attention.

However, as soon as he arrived at the Royal Palace, he found someone waiting for him, whom he didn't expect to see at this point in time.

"Welcome home, Darling."

A lady whose looks were just a little above average reached out to give William a hug before planting a kiss on his cheek.

"Missed me?"

The red-headed teenager stared at his supposedly Ninth Wife, who now appeared before his eyes.

"Yes, I missed you, Cathy." William replied as he looked at the lady who represented the Eighth Heavenly Virtue of Hope. "What are you doing here?"

"Boooo! Aren't you supposed to kiss me back?" Cathay pouted.

"Well, I can't just arbitrarily kiss you, you know?" William replied. "Especially when you're sharing that body with other people."

"You say that now, but we've done more things than just kissing, remember?"

"This is this, that is that. Besides, it is best to not force this issue in order to respect their feelings as well, right?"

Instead of pouting more, Cathy smiled after hearing the Half-Elf's reply.

She and William knew that Vesta, Pearl, Priscilla, and Amelia, were still not too comfortable when it came to being intimate with him, so the Half-Elf refrained from doing things like kissing, since the last time the two of them had met.

But, William was fine sucking Cathy's blood because it was truly too irresistible to resist. Among his lovers, the Virtuous Lady of Hope had the most delicious blood of all, and he could drink to his fill without any worries.

"Okay, I'll leave aside the fact that you won't kiss me for now," Cathy commented. "But, have you forgotten about some other important matters that you had put on hold? I told you last time didn't I? We still need to go to the Underworld to bring your wives back to the Surface World, or are you fine letting them stay there?"

William's expression immediately became serious after hearing Cathy's words. Although he hadn't forgotten that he needed to go back to the Underworld to bring the souls of his wives back to Hestia, Cathy had told him that they would need some help in order to get to the Underworld because all the entrances that led to it had been forcefully closed by Thanatos, to prevent William from going back to save his wives.

"Did the two of them manage to escape again?" William asked. He was referring to none other than Maple and Cinnamon, who could almost travel anywhere due to their special ability.

"Yes," Cathy replied with a smile. "The little ones managed to run away from home again."

The Half-Elf gave a bitter smile because he could already tell how panicked the two little gluttons' parents would be when they found out that they had disappeared once again.

However, he also felt that this was a good opportunity to go to the Underworld and rescue his wives once and for all.

"Should I bring some Pseudo-Gods with me?" William asked.

He knew that Thanatos would make things difficult for him, and there was also a high possibility that he and the God of Death would come to blows.

"Silly. If you do that, it would be the same as declaring war on him," Cathy rolled her eyes at the Half-Elf who planned to bring his heavy hitters to face off with the God of Death.

"He is barely tolerating your existence. Adding fuel to the fire will do you no good. The only person you need to bring along is none other than Erinys. Since you need someone to help you move around in his Domain, the best person to assist you is none other than a Ferryman of the Underworld."

William nodded his head in understanding. The Underworld had many layers, and there were strict rules about how one could traverse them. Having Erinys around was like having a supervisor guide you inside their office, which would be far easier than William trying to brute force his way in.

"Don't worry, this time, we will use a special method to sneak you inside without the Big Boss knowing you were there," Cathy stated. "Of course, there is still a chance that he will find out. But, when that happens, I want you to be calm and talk to him in a civil manner. Never, ever, use violence against him. That is the God of Death, you know?  He's called a God of Death for a reason."

William could only give Cathy a bitter smile.

When he left the Underworld, he had felt Thanatos rage-filled gaze as he stepped onto the staircase that would allow him to return to the Surface World. Several months had passed since that incident, and he hoped that the God of Death had already cooled his head, and would show him a bit of mercy as he snuck around inside his Domain.

UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"So, where are the two little troublemakers?" William asked.

Last time, he went to Earth alongside his lovers in order to find Maple and Cinnamon. Since Cathy told him that the two were once again away from home, he expected to find the two little gluttons wandering around looking for something good to eat.

Seeing his expression, Cathy already understood what the Half-Elf was thinking, making her smile.

"We don't have to look far to find them," Cathy replied. "They are currently in the Demon Continent, and staying with your cousin, Eve, in the Temple of the Gods."

William sighed internally because he thought that he would have to go back to Earth again to look for Maple and Cinnamon. The Bifrost Bridge had already set its coordinates to Earth, but the connection between the two worlds was still unstable, so William didn't want to risk going there for the time being.

Since the two gluttons were only in the Demon Continent, it didn't take long for William, as well as Cathy, to arrive at the Temple of the Gods where his cousin, Eve, was currently staying.