When William arrived at the Temple, he found Maple and Cinnamon playing cards with Eve and the Six-Eared Macaque.

The game that the four of them were playing was Old Maid, and judging by the look of things, the Six-Eared Macaque seemed to be one on the losing side.

The Half-Elf didn't even need to think how this happened because he was sure that the Pseudo-God was losing on purpose in order to entertain the three girls, who were looking at him with teasing gazes.

A few minutes later, the game ended with the Six-Eared Macaque looking pitiful, while Maple and Cinnamon clapped their hands happily because they were the first to finish the game.

"Cousin!" Eve, who finally sensed William's presence, stood up and walked towards him with a smile. "I haven't seen you in a while."

William smiled and gave Eve a hug before planting a kiss on her forehead.

"I've been quite busy as of late," William replied. "How about you? Are you not overworked as of late?"

"No. Everyone in the Temple has been nice to me," Eve commented. "Also, the recent changes in the policy of the Demon Continent made by Big Sister Nisha were well received by the Demon Tribes, giving everyone some peace of mind as they focus on the upcoming war against the Giants."

William nodded his head in satisfaction because Nisha had really gone above and beyond in order to ensure that the Demon Realm would no longer have any civil strife.

Eve was also widely loved and respected by the Demons.

With the Six-Eared Macaque guarding her, no one in their right minds would dare to even touch a strand of her hair, or else they would face the wrath of the Pseudo-God, who only acted like a fool and a loser on the surface.

"Have you come for Maple and Cinnamon?" Eve asked as she glanced at the two little girls who had also walked up to William with expectant faces.

"Yes." William nodded before shifting his attention to the two pink-haired girls who were being petted by Cathy. "Have the two of you been good girls since the last time we saw each other?"

"I am always a good girl," Maple replied.

"Cinnamon has always been a good girl," Cinnamon answered.

William smiled because in his eyes, the two little troublemakers were indeed good girls. Deep inside he gave a silent prayer to their worried mother, who was still not used to seeing her two daughters suddenly disappear from time to time.

After saying goodbye to Eve, William took Maple, Cinnamon, and Cathy to the Floor of Asgard.

Cathy said that it would be best to open the portal leading to the Underworld inside the Tower of Babylon because the spell that she would cast would require a place that was not privy to the gazes of the Gods.

The Tower of Babylon was such a place.

The young lady carved out some runic words as she created a magic circle that Maple and Cinnamon would use as a platform to open the portal.

The spell that Cathy was going to cast would hide William's ,Erinys', and the two girls' presence the moment they entered the Domain of the Dead.

It was simply impossible to enter the Underworld without being noticed by the God that governs it. However, because Cathy represented Hope, she had the power to temporarily hoodwink the God of Death, allowing the Half-Elf and the others to slip through undetected.

"Remember this," Cathy said as she finished creating the magic circle. "This spell will not last for long. There is also a possibility that Thanatos will be able to detect all of you once you enter his Domain. He has already prepared for the possibility that you will find a way to sneak past his blockade, so be extra careful. I already told you to talk things out with him, but there is a chance that he will not listen to your reason, or excuses."

Cathy then tossed three empty vials to the Half-Elf, which the latter caught easily using Wind Magic.

"You can store the souls of your wives there," Cathy explained. "You don't need to look for Celine. She is not bound by the rules of the Underworld because she is part of the living. Her Patron Goddess has already taken care of her, so that is one less load on your shoulders."

Cathy's expression became serious as she looked at the Half-Elf, who had a determined look on his face.

"Maple and Cinnamon can open a portal to enter and exit the Underworld, so no matter what happens, protect them at all costs," Cathy stated. "If there is no other choice but to fight against Thanatos, remember this, do not let his Deathscythe hit you no matter what. Because when that happens, your soul will be cleaved in two, which is similar to an Eternal Death."

Cathy's body glowed briefly as she undid the fusion with the other girls. However, before she disappeared completely, the Half-Elf heard her encouragement.

"May Fortune be with you always."

That was the last thing Cathy said before her body turned into particles of light.

A moment later, seven ladies stood before William, looking at him with different expressions on their faces.

Through Cathy, they knew that the red-headed teenager planned to go to the Underworld in order to rescue the souls of his wives.

This act of bravery moved them, and even Pearl, who hated William the most among the seven girls that represented Hope, looked at the Half-Elf who was about to face the God of Death with steely eyes.

"Aren't you scared?" Pearl asked.

"I am," William replied. "But, nothing scares me more than living the rest of my life without the women who love me with all of their hearts by my side. If I have to go to Hell and back for us to be together again then so be it."

Suddenly, Haleth ran towards William and hugged him.𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

"Please be careful," Haleth said softly. "Remember that there are others who love you, and are waiting for you to return."

"Mmm," William replied as he lightly patted Haleth's back. "I will return. I promise."

Erinys smiled as she walked towards William and held his hand.

"Don't worry," Erinys stated. "I will protect you from Father."

The Half-Elf wanted to laugh after hearing the doll-like beauty's words. After spending a few months with Medusa and Cherry, Erinys became a bit braver in her words, and actions. But, since it would ruin the atmosphere, he just smiled and nodded his head.

"We're off," William said as he looked at Maple and Cinnamon. "Let's go, Maple, Cinnamon."

"Okay!"

"Cinnamon will do her best!"

The two little girls held hands as they swung their free hand in a circular motion, creating a small spark in front of them. Slowly but surely, a circle started to expand, opening the pathway to the Underworld.

After many months of separation, William would once again enter the Land of the Death and, this time, he would not return until the souls of his beloved wives were back safely by his side.