Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"You've got spunk, but can you back it up… boy?" Thanatos asked.

Suddenly, the Fourth Layer of Hell trembled as the Lord of the Underworld prepared to fight the bastard that kidnapped his daughter, right under his nose.

"Sweep away all Adversaries!" William roared as he summoned the golden cudgel that would allow him to fight to his fullest.

"Ruyi Jingu Bang!"

Thanatos sneered as he disappeared from where he stood a moment ago, and reappeared in front of the Half-Elf who noticed that his summon had not taken effect.

"Die!" Thanatos kicked the red-headed teenager's chest, sending him crashing towards the ground.

"Will!" Erinys shouted in fright when she sawt the Half-Elf take a direct hit from her father, whose blazing eyes were filled with fury.

Chiffon, Princess Sidonie, Morgana, and Ashe all glanced in the direction where their husband had fallen with anxious gazes.

They had seen William fight before, and knew that whenever he was in a pinch, he would use his Heroic Avatar, to gain Sun Wukong's power and sturdiness, allowing him to fight opponents who were stronger than him.

Thanatos looked down at the ground, which was now covered by a dust cloud. He intended to beat the Half-Elf and make him regret he was ever born, so he made sure to control his strength so that his prey wouldn't die until he had his fill of suffering.

The sound of a cough then spread across the battlefield before the dust cloud dispersed, showing the red-headed teenager trying to pop himself up from the ground while coughing up blood.

"What's wrong?" Thanatos asked in a teasing tone. "Did you lose your ability to fight after losing your connection with that monkey?"

William wiped the blood at the corner of his lips with the back of his hand before looking up at the Death God who had a sneer on his face.

He could still feel Sun Wukong's connection with him, but for some reason, he was unable to use his Heroic Avatar and summon the Monkey King to the Underworld.

"Boy, this is the Land of the Dead," Thanatos said. "All the entryways to the Underworld were sealed long ago. Even if you call upon that Monkey, he won't be able to come to your rescue. So, just be obedient and allow yourself to get beaten up!"

The God of Death once again disappeared from his spot and reappeared in front of William.

Before the Half-Elf could even react, Thanatos right foot collided with the side of his face, sending him skidding across the ground face first.

However, the God of Death wasn't finished. As the Half-Elf's body continued to skid across the ground, he disappeared from where he stood once again and reappeared above William.

He then smashed his foot against the Half-Elf's chest, pinning him to the ground. A mile-wide crater then spread across their surroundings as Thanatos grounded his foot into the Half-Elf's body as the Half-Elf screamed in pain.

"Does it hurt?" Thanatos asked. "You have no idea how much it hurts having your daughter taken from you by a mongrel who only managed to enter my Domain because of someone's backing!"

The God of Death once again kicked William, sending him towards the City Walls of Lust's Abode, breaking everything in his path.

"Dammit!"

Sun Wukong, who was watching the battle from the heavens, smashed his fist against the temple's floor in anger. He had tried to enter the Underworld repeatedly, but just as the God of Death had said, all the entrances were shut tight, preventing any one, except for the souls of the dead, from passing through them.

"This is what you really are, Half-Elf." Thanatos spat on the ground. "Without outside help, you are nothing! You only got this far because there are people who are always helping you in the background. People sacrificing their lives for you! The reason why you are living now is because of luck! Nothing more, nothing less!"

The God of Death then stared at the flying ship where his daughter was currently at.

"Take a good look, Erinys," Thanatos said. "Take a good look at the man you thought would make you happy. You thought that he could protect you? He can't even protect himself!"

The God of Death's words were filled with hate as he unsummoned his Deathscythe. He then raised his right arm and pointed it in William's direction.

A moment later, several Death Rays escaped his hand and descended on the Half-Elf, creating explosions that shook the Fourth Layer of the Underworld.

Those who stayed in Lust's Abode ran in different directions, and fled from the location where William was.

None of them wanted to be involved in this one-sided battle against the God of Death, whose anger knew no bounds.

"Stop it!" Erinys shouted. "Please, stop it Father!"

Thanatos stopped his onslaught and glanced in the direction of his daughter whose tears were streaming down the side of her face.

"Do you want me to stop, Erinys?" Thanatos asked.

Before Erinys could even answer, a loud shout emerged from where William was at.

"I'm fine, Erinys!" William shouted as he propped himself from the ground. His clothes were already tattered, and several wounds dyed his body in the color of blood.

"Oh, you're still fine?" Thanatos laughed. "Good. I still haven't had my fill yet!"

The God of Death then used both of his hands to unleash several Deathrays in William's direction, pummeling the Halff-Elf's body like a punching bag, making the latter scream in pain.

"That's it! Scream!" Thanatos roared. "Scream for me! You're just a pathetic worm who thinks he is special because he is favored by two Goddesses! Scum like you should know your place!"

"Nooooooo! Stop it!" Erinsy shouted.

Knowing that her father wasn't planning to stop, she urged her Flying Ship to fly towards William. The Half-ling planned to use her Flying Ship to block her father's attacks, but the latter understood what she was planning.

With a snap of his finger, hundreds of dark chains sprouted from the ground and bound the Flying Ship, preventing it from moving forward.

He also made sure to create a dome in order to trap his daughter, preventing her from leaving the ship and coming to the Half-Elf's aid.

What he wanted to do was to show Erinys' William's pathetic state to let her know that she chose the wrong person to love. He wanted to make her understand that the person she chose didn't have the power to protect her from anything.𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Only he, who was a God and ruled over Death, could truly protect her.

The corner of the Primordial Goddess' lips rose slightly as she watched the battle. Although the Half-Elf was suffering, she couldn't help but think that this entire event was amusing.

She was the one that orchestrated for the soul of William's wives to be taken to the Underworld.

She was also the one that set the condition that in exchange for the safety of his wives, he must kill Belle in exchange for allowing the souls of his wives to return to the surface world.

Now that the deal was no longer possible, she wanted to know how the Half-Elf would handle Thanatos' wrath, who seemed intent on making the Half-Elf suffer.

"You're not allowed to help him, okay?" the Primordial Goddess said as she looked up at the constellation that was shining brightly above her. "This is a battle between men. Us ladies have no place in it."

The light on the constellation flickered brightly as if telling the Primordial Goddess to mind her own business, making the latter giggle.

Although the radiance from the constellation was becoming more intense, it didn't do anything, and simply glared at the God of Death, who was hell-bent on making the Shepherd she raised suffer from his one-sided beating.