Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Thanatos expression had turned incredibly serious as he gazed at the silvery sword that had formed in William's hands.

Even the spectators from the Temple of the Ten Thousand Gods, who found the battle to be entertaining, couldn't help but change their stance after seeing the sword that the Half-Elf was currently holding.

"I guess the cat is now out of the bag." Lily chuckled as she gave the onlookers a mischievous gaze.

Issei and David nodded their heads because this was the secret that the Gods that were close to William had kept to this day.

They, who had seen the battle between the Half-Elf and Ahriman, had discovered the red-headed teenager's unique ability for the first time.

Although they felt a lingering fear when they saw the aftermath of the battle, they believed that William was responsible enough to only use that power as a last resort.

Now, the Half-Elf was using that power as a last resort, in order to fight against a God, and a Father, who wanted to make his life a living hell.

"Godslayer… that child is a Godslayer," one of the Gods on the scene muttered.

All the Gods and Heroic Spirits watching the battle knew what it meant to be a God Slayer.

Those who had this title were not someone who simply wielded a weapon that could potentially kill Gods.

No. It was a label that Gods placed on an individual who had the power to kill them, even if they weren't wielding a God Slaying Weapon.

A moment later, a sigh was heard in the Temple as one of the Gods patted his chest in relief.

"Fortunately, I don't have any quarrels with that boy," a God said with relief. "Although his God Slaying powers are unstable, because he only has half a soul, I'm still amazed to see a God Slayer in my lifetime."

Freya frowned before shifting her gaze towards the Primordial Goddess, who was lazily watching the battle from her throne.

As if sensing her gaze, the otherworldly beauty glanced in Freya's direction and arched an eyebrow. It was as if the Primordial Goddess was asking Freya if she had a problem with her, making the latter shake her head.

'She knew from the beginning that William has this kind of power,' Freya thought. 'Now her avid interest in his soul makes sense.'

Freya had only gotten to know William when he became an Einherjar in Asgard. She never dreamed that the boy, that one of her Valkyrie Captains had married, would turn out to be a God Slayer.

During the battle of Ragnarok, William didn't show even a little hint that he had this ability, which led to his death against the God of Destruction, Surtr.

'Is it just a coincidence?' Freya shifted her gaze back on the Half-Elf whose entire body was radiating a silver glow. 'Did he suddenly become a God Slayer in this lifetime due to necessity?'

Freya didn't know the answers to this question. Because of this, she planned to descend into Hestia in order to talk to William, after he had settled his battle with the God of Death, who now planned to fight William seriously.

"Apologize in advance if you accidentally kill me?" Thanatos asked. "Kill the God of Death? You must be daydreaming, boy. Better wake up to reality. It is I who should apologize if I accidentally kill you."

William didn't answer because he was done talking.

Words had no meaning right now. Only action would make the God of Death understand that he could not treat the Half-Elf like a sandbag that he could beat up anytime he pleased.

The Half-Elf flapped his wings before charging towards Thanatos at great speeds, almost turning into a silvery blur.

A moment later, the sound of weapons colliding against each other reverberated throughout the Fourth Layer of Hell, making cracks appear in their surroundings.

William wasn't proficient in handling swords in his current lifetime because he had mostly trained with a spear.

However, for some reason, he was able to wield the weapon in his hand as if it was a part of his body, making his attacks faster, and fiercer than ever before.

The Half-Elf didn't have any hesitation with every slash he made because he understood that Thanatos would no longer hesitate to kill him.

Although the God of Death was stronger than William, the brilliance that the Half-Elf was radiating was suppressing his Godlike powers, making him unable to fight using his full power.

William was currently a Pseudo-God at its initial Stages, but right now, he felt with utmost certainty that he had the power to kill a God.

Thus, instead of retreating, he advanced, trading blows with Thanatos, even though he was being blown away by his Godly strength each time they clashed.

Erinys, who was watching this scene, felt torn.

She didn't want William or her father to get hurt, but she couldn't do anything because her flying ship was being held in place by several dark chains.

William and Thanatos clashed several times, causing the entire Fourth Layer of the Underworld to slowly break apart, each time they exchanged blows.

When both fighters were pushed back by their last clash, the God of Death took that opportunity to gather the Power of Death in his surroundings.

"Tactus…," Thanatos shouted as he gathered Death Energy in his left hand. "Mortis!"

The Half-Elf, who was also thinking of delivering a powerful attack on the God of Death, didn't back down either. Instead, he charged at the God of Death as he prepared to unleash a powerful attack of his own.

"Divine…," William roared as he gathered the silvery radiance in his hands. "Tempest!"

The two once again clashed, and this time, the sky above their heads, and the land under them, shattered as if they were made of glass.

The God of Death was powerful, but he had rarely fought in his life. After living for thousands of years in the Underworld, alongside the souls of the dead, Thanatos had never had the opportunity to fight to his fullest because no one dared to antagonize him.Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Except for one person.

The person had not only intruded on his Domain, but the young man had decided to take his daughter away from him.

'Is it the difference in experience?' Thanatos thought as his body crashed towards the ground due to the blow behind William's attack. 'For him to be able to overpower me like this…'

The God of Death's eyes locked on the red-headed teenager who had regained his balance mid-air, and was currently charging at him like the Angel of Death who had come to take the souls of the dead to the Underworld.

"Make the Gods tremble in your wake!" William's entire body glowed brightly, turning into a silver comet with the tip of his sword aimed at the fallen God. "Godslaying Ars Nova!"

Within that dark world, William shone brightly like a newborn star that was about to deliver the Coup de Grace to the God that had stood in the way of his happiness.

However, before he could even stab Thanatos with his sword, a Half-ling suddenly appeared between the two of them with her arms spread wide.

Four pairs of gray wings protruded behind Erinys back as she faced William with an unyielding gaze, with the intention of protecting her father from harm.

The brilliant light, that was almost blinding, collided with the little girl, who used her body to shield her father from her lover's deadly blow.

The Gods who were watching the battle took in a deep breath when they saw the end of the battle that they initially believed to be an easy win for the God of Death.

On the Fourth Layer of Hell, Erinys' tears fell as the blade that was meant to slay Gods, pierced the flesh of one of the two most important people in her life, marking the end of the struggle between her father and the Half-Elf, whose blood stained her soft and delicate hands.