Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

For a brief moment, William blanked out because he didn't expect Acedia to take the initiative to give him a passionate kiss.

Although they had kissed a few times in the past, the kiss she was giving him now contained a strong desire that she rarely showed him, making the Half-Elf momentarily forget why he had come to the Spring of Life.

A few minutes later, their kiss ended, but it seemed that Acedia still wanted to kiss William because she kept on pecking his lips, as if to tease him.

The Half-Elf smiled and used Water Magic to allow himself to move his body under the water.

Since the lazy elf seemed to have missed him so much, after not seeing him for several months, he decided to pamper her a bit and started to peck her lips as well.

Soon, the pecking turned into a long kiss then into a passionate one.

The hair that was wrapped around William's body loosened, allowing the Half-Elf to move his hands, which he used to wrap around Acedia's body, holding her in place so that he could continue to kiss her.

Finally, after several minutes, their lips parted and the two looked at each other.

"I love you," William said before planting a kiss on her forehead. "After today, you will start living with me, okay?"

A smile then appeared on the beautiful Elf's face as she nodded her head.

"I love you too, Will," Acedia said softly. "Always have. Always will."

The Half-Elf felt touched because of her words, so he hugged her tightly, not wanting to let go.

They stayed in that position for a few minutes before William reluctantly pulled back. Acedia nodded her head in understanding and made a gesture for her beloved to do what he had come to the Spring of Life to do.

William gave Acedia a brief nod of acknowledgement before picking up Chiffon's body, which was by the beautiful Elf's side.

She had been using Chiffon's body as her personal hug pillow ever since the Half-Elf had placed the pink-haired Dwarf's body inside her territory.

Acedia liked to hug Chiffon in her sleep because her body was soft, small, and felt good to the touch.

William gently supported the back of his wife's head with his hand before giving the pink-haired girl a kiss on the lips. As if waiting for that moment, the gem on William's chest glowed faintly.

After the crystal vials were destroyed, the Half-Elf had no choice but to store the souls of his wives inside his Sea of Consciousness to keep them safe.

In short, the Half-Elf returned Chiffon's soul to her body with a kiss, allowing her to once again take full control of her vessel, which had been nourished and strengthened by the Spring of Life.

The pink-haired dwarf's body started to glow as her soul slowly, but surely, merged with the body that rightfully belonged to her.

William watched with bated breath as Chiffon opened her lips to take in a breath of air. Even though they were underwater, the Spring of Life provided them with oxygen, allowing them to breathe without any problems.

Then it happened.

William's wife slowly opened her eyes, and looked at him with a faint smile on her face.

"I'm back…," Chiffon said. "Thank you, Will."

The Half-Elf hugged Chiffon and kissed her forehead. In truth, he was feeling a bit worried that the method he chose wouldn't work.

Now that he succeeded in returning the soul of one of his wives to her body, the weight that seemed to hang in his heart, finally disappeared, allowing him to breathe easier.

Soon, Princess Sidonie and Ashe opened their eyes as well. Although they had been successfully revived, they still couldn't move their bodies properly. But that was fine.

They knew that it would take some time for them to adapt to being returned to their renewed bodies.

After spending several months in the Underworld, the three ladies were finally able to return to the Surface World, where their beloved had worked hard while he waited for the time of their revival.

Two hours later, William returned to the Sacred Grove, carrying Acedia in his arms in a princess carry. He planned to take the lazy elf with him, so she would always be by his side.

Princess Sidonie's, Ashe's, and Chiffon's movements were still a bit stiff, but they no longer had any problems with walking on their own feet.

"Won't you stay for a bit longer?" Arwen asked while holding Erinys in her arms. "Even a day will be good."

William was tempted to agree to her mother's request, but in the end, he firmly shook his head. After talking with Thanatos in the Underworld, he understood what he needed to do right now, and he could not wait even a single day in order to put his plan into action.

"I'm sorry, Mother. We can't stay," William said.Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

A disappointed expression briefly appeared on Arwen's face, but it soon disappeared after she forced herself to smile.

"I'm sorry for being selfish," Arwen said. "I know that you have a lot of responsibilities, so forget what I said earlier."

William knew that his mother was feeling down, so he decided to share some good news with her, which made the beautiful Elf's eyes widen in shock.

"Is this true?" Arwen asked.

William nodded. "It is true. Also, I have more good news for you, Mother."

Arwen narrowed her gaze as she focused all her attention on William. She was afraid that if she blinked, she would be unable to hear the good news that he was about to tell her.

The moment the Half-Elf shared the "good news" with his mother, Acedia, Princess Sidonie, Ashe, Chiffon, and Erinys looked at him in surprise.

"Wonderful!" Arwen happily clapped her hands and rested her hands on William's shoulder. "What are you waiting for? Go! Make sure to prepare everything as soon as possible. I will definitely attend no matter what!"

William nodded his head in understanding because he knew that his mother would react this way because of the good news that he shared with her.

A moment later, a beam of light descended from the sky as the Bifrost Bridge took the Half-Elf and his wives to the Floor of Asgard, where his subordinates were waiting for his return.

—-------

Floor of Asgard…

"What did you say?!" Nisha exclaimed as she gazed at the Half-Elf who was still carrying Acedia in his arms. "Your Majesty, are you sure about this?"

"Yes," William replied. "Nisha, I know that you are already busy. It doesn't have to be grand. I just want to keep the promises that I made long ago."

"B-But this is too sudden," Nisha commented. "Are you really sure you want this done?"

The red-headed teenager nodded as he glanced around the ladies that had gathered to welcome him back to the Floor of Asgard.

"Make the preparations," William ordered. "A month from now, I am getting married."

Wendy, Estelle, Ashe, Chiffon, Princess Sidonie, Lilith, Princess Aila, Acedia, Cathy, and Belle.

These were the ten ladies that he planned to marry even though he had already married some of them in the past.

When he married Wendy and Ashe, it was in the Temple where he had taken the Trial of Courage alongside Estelle.

He married Chiffon on the 51st Floor of the Tower of Babylon in order to save her from the Guardian who wanted to eat her heart in order to gain her Divinity.

The beautiful Succubus Princess, Sidonie, was someone he married in a grand wedding in the Kraetor Empire.

Lilith had become his fiance after he returned from the Deadlands. He had wanted to marry her, but things were too hectic back then, preventing him from doing so.

As for Princess Aila, after regaining his memories of her, the Half-Elf decided to right the past wrongs and wed her.

The lazy Elf, Acedia, had been with him until the bitter end, during his last struggle in Asgard. He had promised to meet her again in the past, but this promise was broken after he died in Midgard and lost his memories in Asgard.

As for Cathy, she was his self-proclaimed Ninth Wife. Among the seven women who completed her form, four were William's lovers, including Erinys.

Vesta, Priscilla, Amelia, and Pearl, were the only ones who had kept their distance with him, but he was fine with that.

Cathy once told him using telepathy that none of the four girls dislike him.

Even though Pearl originally resented him from brainwashing her sister, the Elf had already come to terms with the fact that she couldn't rewind the past.

Also, while William was away, she and her sister, Charmaine, had a heart to heart talk, allowing her to finally let go of the grudges she felt for him.

Of course, Cathy admitted that it was also due to the fact that she always made William drink her blood whenever they were merged together.

This made the four girls experience a pleasure that made them yearn for his touch.

The Half-Elf felt a bit conflicted about this discovery, but Cathy assured him that it was already a done deal.

She even insisted that the seven girls, who completed her form, only needed William's determination to woo them.

Because of this, the Half-Elf planned to use the month-long gap between now and his wedding to form a closer relationship with Pearl, Vesta, Priscilla, and Amelia.

Lastly, there was Belle.

The one he loved back on Earth, and married with the blessings of her parents.

The Half-Elf had many other lovers, and he intended to marry them all.

However, for now, he planned to marry the ladies who had stuck with him throughout his past and present lifetimes, in order to make them understand how much he truly loved them.

Although everyone was shocked by his declaration, Nisha still decided to push through with it after making William promise him that she would be among the next batch of wives that he married.

The Half-Elf agreed with her condition, which made his Steward more motivated to prepare a grand wedding that would make the Half-Elf the envy of all of the men in the world.