Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"I'm sorry," William said as he rested his hands on Pearl's shoulders. "But, if it will make you feel better, I did my best to treat Charmaine, and the other Elves who served me, with respect and kindness. I didn't do anything to hurt them."

Pearl nodded. "I know. Charmaine confessed everything to me. Aside from having their blood sucked, and you being a breast lover, you didn't do anything to harm them."Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

The corner of William's lips twitched when he heard the part about him being a breast lover. However, with everything that he had done in the past up to now, he couldn't come up with any words to refute Charmaine's claim.

Since that was the case, he made a vow that later tonight, he would punish Charmaine in bed, and make her understand that she shouldn't share the embarrassing things about him to other people, especially her sister.

Pearl talked about other things, and William simply listened. In the end, it was Pearl who took the initiative to kiss him, taking him by surprise.

"Let's start over," Pearl said before turning around. "Is what I'd like to say, but I will be marrying you in a roundabout manner a week from now."

The Elf turned around because she didn't want to let William see her current expression. However, even though the Half-Elf couldn't see her face, he could see how red her ears were, making him feel relieved.

Out of the seven ladies that merged together to make Cathy manifest, Pearl was the one who had been going out of her way to avoid him.

Now that they had finally had a proper talk, he felt that the wall that stood before them had finally crumbled, allowing him to see her for who she really was.

A caring and kind older sister, who truly loved her little sister Charmaine.

"Charmaine is very lucky to have a sister like you," William said.

"I bet you say that to all the girls you've met," Pearl said as she started to walk away. "Let's go and continue our date. By the way, that strawberry parfait was my favorite food in that cafe. It seems that Charmaine told you about it."

William looked surprised for a moment because Charmaine didn't really say that her sister liked to eat strawberry parfaits. His personal maid only told him that he should take a girl to a cafe and let her eat something sweet to lighten up her mood, and it just so happened that the place and food type that Charmaine had recommended were actually Pearl's favorite cafe and dessert.

"What are you waiting for?" Pearl asked as she turned around to look at the Half-Elf who was still leaning against the tree. "Do you not want to continue this date?"

William smiled before walking toward the Elf whom he found cute with every passing minute.

"Let's go," William said. "But, before that."

The Half-Elf reached out to hold Pearl's hand, and intertwined his finger with hers.

Pearl looked at William's hand, that was holding her own, for a few seconds before nodding her head. She, too, locked her fingers with his, holding onto him firmly, making the smile on the Half-Elf's face widen a bit.

Soon, the two of them walked together while holding hands, and spent the day in each other's company, enjoying every minute of it.

------

Later that night in William's room...

"I'm... Hah... Sor... Mmh... Sorry Master," Charmaine pleaded as she panted for breath. "I... Hah... shouldn't have said... Mmm! That you were... Hah... a breast lover."

A tingling sensation ran down her spine as William lightly bit onto her right breast, sinking his fangs on it.

William and Pearl had a wonderful date, and had dinner together. They also shared a kiss, filled with promise before parting ways, as they decided to give their budding relationship a chance.

What Pearl didn't know was that as soon as William returned to the Thousand Beast Domain, he immediately called for Charmaine to visit him in his room.

Curious about what happened on her Master's and sister's date, the Elf happily went to see William, only to be subjected to his punishment, which made Charmaine writhe in pleasure.

An hour later, the Elf rested her head on William's chest as she enjoyed the afterglow of their love making.

"Thank you, Charmaine," William said. "You helped me a lot today."

Charmaine shook her head as she wrapped her hand around William's waist. "It is I who should thank you, Master. My sister has been looking for an opportunity to have a proper talk with you, and apologize. It just so happened that both of you decided to ask for my advice at the same time, so I thought that if the two of you went out on a date, things would get cleared up eventually."

"But, you shouldn't tell people that I'm a breast lover. They will have a bad impression of me."

"Understood, Master. I will no longer tell anyone about it."

William smiled because he knew that Charmaine had already learned her lesson.

With only a few days left before the grand wedding started, he was able to finally make peace with Pearl.

Truth be told, this matter had been weighing on his mind a lot as of late. He didn't want to force anyone to marry him, and he knew that Cathy wouldn't declare with confidence that she would be his Ninth Wife, if she didn't have any evidence to back her claim.

Although his relationship with Pearl was just at the starting point, it was enough. He would work hard to get her to accept him for who he was, and he would accept everything about her in return.

The important thing was that both of them were now moving forward towards a future that was worth fighting for.

Now that he had finally gained the acceptance of all the ladies who represented the Virtue of Hope, he was able to breathe easy that, on the day of their wedding, he would be able to embrace all of the ladies who would be part of his life forever.