Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

One day before William's wedding...

The Half-Elf sighed because he had been banned from seeing his wives before their big day.

The brides were busy finishing up the last minute additions to their wedding dresses, and they didn't want the Half-Elf to see what they looked like while they were wearing them.

Because of this, William busied himself with working alongside Nisha in order to ensure that everything was ready when morning came.

He had heightened the security of the Ainsworth Empire, and positioned the Pseudo-Gods, as well as the Demigods, in key locations around the venue, in order to ensure that no one would dare to mess around on his special day.

William silently vowed that if someone was stupid enough to attempt to ruin his marriage, he would make them regret being born in the world.

"So far, the number of guests has exceeded our expectations," Nisha commented. "All the inns in the Empire are filled to the brim with the guests that have come from all over the world. Because of this, we allowed them to temporarily stay on the Floor of Asgard, as well as the other Floors that are under your control in the Tower of Babylon, Your Majesty."

"Good," William replied. "Thank you, Nisha. I'm also sorry for being selfish."

The veiled lady hung onto William's arm as they walked the palace grounds to oversee the wedding preparations.

"I think this is good as well," Nisha commented. "Everyone has been feeling tense because of the upcoming war. This celebration will help ease that tension, and give them a reprieve for the hard days ahead. No one knows what the future will hold, so we must enjoy this fleeting moment of happiness, no matter how short, or brief, it will be."

William smiled because Nisha had a way of telling him things from her own perspective. Among his lovers, Nisha was someone that he had been wary of in the past.

However, after having a heart to heart talk with the Primordial Goddess, all those worries disappeared.

The Primordial Goddess told William that, although Nisha was her Avatar, she had a life of her own.

She was free to like whoever she wanted, and support whoever she deemed was worthy of her expertise.

Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Of course, the Primordial Goddess also admitted that since Nisha was her Avatar, Nisha would also have an interest in the person that she was interested in, which was none other than William.

'Well, we can talk things out more in the future,' William thought as he continued his patrol around the Palace with Nisha.

Several hours later, both of them were quite satisfied that everything was in order. Before they parted, the veiled-beauty dragged William to her office to ask for her reward for doing such a good job.

Naturally, the Half-Elf was more than happy to oblige, and the two spent an hour together before William returned to the Thousand Beast Domain to rest... at least, that was his original intention.

"Tomorrow is your big day, why don't you have a drink with us?" Lira asked as soon as she saw William return to the villa. "I have studied how to mix cocktails as of late and I want you to taste them."

Ephemera, Shana, and Melody, all clung to William, preventing him from escaping their grasp. Clearly, they had no intention of letting him go, and would not take No for an answer.

"Just give it up, Will," Invidia commented from the side. "These girls are going crazy because of your wedding. What kind of juice did you feed them?"

William looked at Invidia, who was playing cards with Superbia and Audrey.

He was very tempted to tell her if she wanted the same kind of juice, she could join in, but he knew that doing that would just be adding fuel to the fire.

Now that he was cornered by the Virtuous Ladies, who were also his lovers, he couldn't possibly shoot his own foot while he was in their presence.

In the end, he just smiled bitterly at the lady who bore the Sin of Envy, who was looking at him with a smug look on her beautiful face.

Invidia, Superbia, and Audrey, the three ladies who were not part of the Half-Elf's harem, had become good friends once the dispute between William and the Holy Order of Light had ended.

"Let's go, Will," Ephemera said as she hugged the red-headed teenager from behind. "Although it is only three in the afternoon, this is the perfect hour to go drinking."

"Can I pass?" William asked. Although he already knew that the answer would be no, he still decided to try, just in case the ladies around him would show him mercy before his wedding day.

"""No."""

In the end, he was dragged away by the four ladies, and was made to drink until late into the night before having their way with him.

------

The next day...

William stood in front of the mirror and combed his hair for the third time that day.

He was already wearing the suit he would wear for his wedding, but for some reason, he was feeling a bit nervous, and settled on combing his hair as a way to calm himself down.

Even though he had drunk a lot the night before, and tumbled on the sheets with the four ladies, who made him swear that he would marry them as well, he didn't feel exhausted, nor did he have a hangover.

< If others were to see this, they would think of you as a narcissist. >

William ignored Optimus' snarky comment as he looked at his reflection in the mirror.

'Okay, I'm done,' William said. 'Are there any signs of trouble?'

< So far, there are no signs of trouble. >

'Remember. If you find anything or anyone suspicious, tell me right away, okay?'

< Got it. >

William glanced at the system map, and nodded his head in satisfaction. Almost all of the small dots on it were green, with a few yellow dots scattered in between.

It meant that there were only friendly, and neutral entities in his surroundings, confirming that no enemy was in sight.

A moment later, a loud knock was heard on the door, and Nisha came in without even waiting for William's reply.

"The preparations are complete," Nisha said as she approached William and undid the necktie of the Half-Elf's suit. "You can go to the venue anytime, Your Majesty."

The red-headed teenager arched an eyebrow at his Steward who was slowly "fixing" his necktie, which had been just fine earlier.

Even so, he just stood there and allowed Nisha to have her way. A moment later, the veiled-beauty took a step back and admired her handiwork.

"You look stunning, Your Majesty."

"I know. Feel free to praise me more."

Nisha giggled before sharking her head.

"I won't do anything more than this today because today is your wedding day," Nisha stated. "Although this is a bit late, congratulations Your Majesty for being the most envied man in Hestia."

William smiled because he couldn't refute Nisha's words. Today, he was indeed the happiest, and luckiest man in Hestia because he would be marrying ten gorgeous ladies, who loved him very much.

Several minutes later, William stood in front of the Altar, as he waited for his brides to arrive.

The wedding was held in the courtyard of the Royal Palace because there were simply too many people who wanted to attend the Half-Elf's wedding.

Some of them were even sitting on specially made artifacts that floated in the air, so they could still observe the wedding from a safe distance.

Standing beside William was his mother, Arwen, who was wearing the Saintess' Ceremonial Robe.

She looked at her son fondly because this was the first time that she had been able to attend his wedding. In the past, she didn't get the opportunity to take part in the festivities. But now, no one was going to stop her from witnessing her son's special day.

"Don't be nervous, Will," Arwen said in a teasing tone. "Breathe deeply and slowly. Just relax. Your brides are not going anywhere."

Although he was already an Emperor and had control over vast swaths of land, in Arwen's eyes, William would always be that small baby that she had held lovingly for only a few days before they parted from each other.

Elves lived long lives, and William could still be considered very young in Arwen's eyes. Even so, she was still very happy for him, and looked forward to her grandchildrens' arrival, whom she would love and hold dearly.

The surroundings were already buzzing with excitement as the people who attended the wedding made small talk with each other.

The Kings and Emperors of the various nations were seated in front, and many of them found William's nervousness quite funny.

As someone whom everyone revered as the most influential man in the world, seeing him look nervous made them realize that he was just like them, and not someone who looked down on anyone because of the position he was currently in.

Suddenly, the sound of trumpets was heard, making the buzzing of the crowd come to a complete halt.

They then shifted their attention to the very back of the courtyard, where three adorable girls, holding a basket of flowers, walked side by side, as they threw a handful of flowers along the aisle they were walking down.

The wedding had officially started, and everyone looked on with expectation as they waited for the brides, whose identities were not known to everyone, to appear.