Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

After Celine made her appearance, sounds of murmur spread in the surroundings.

They also noticed the baby that the fat lady was carrying, which gave birth to a speculation that Celine might have been a mistress that William was hiding from the public eye.

However, since she had appeared to be one of his brides, those who were looking for juicy gossip couldn't seem to sit still with this unexpected news.

Fortunately, Freya took control of the situation and bid that the guests remain silent during the ceremony, or they would be thrown out of the venue.

After this stern and firm warning from the Priestess that presided over the wedding, the buzzing was put on a temporary hold.

Thanks to this, the proceedings went smoothly.

William made his vow to his brides to love them, and honor them, until he drew his last breath. His brides, in turn, said the same vow, and promised to love, and honor the Half-Elf, until they, too, drew their last breath.

The relatives of the brides couldn't help but tear up as the final phase of the ceremony neared.

Freya smiled, as he looked at the Half-Elf, as well as his brides, who were now bound with the blessings of the Gods.

"You may now kiss your brides," Freya announced as he gave Will a nod of encouragement.

The Half-Elf smiled as he lifted the veils that covered the faces of his brides, and kissed them one by one.

The last one he kissed was Cathy.

As if wanting to make her part memorable, the Virtuous Lady of Hope, wrapped her arms around William and gave him a long passionate kiss, which was longer than the kiss the Half-Elf had given his other brides.

Even when William tried to pull back, Cathay still clung to him, making the people who were in the venue cheer.

"Seriously, you need to keep things in moderation, Cathay," William said softly in a volume only Cathy could hear, when he finally managed to pry his mischievous wife away from his body. "I'll punish you later tonight."

"I look forward to it," Cathay replied with a wink, making the Half-Elf shake his head helplessly.

Then, the finale of the wedding began.

All the brides tossed the bouquets they were holding in their hands high up in the air, as part of the tradition on Earth. They said that whoever caught these bouquets would be the next ones to get married.

William didn't expect his other lovers to take this matter seriously, and the simple event of throwing bouquets became a fierce battle, involving Four Pseudo-Gods, Nisha, Lira, Ephemera, and Melody.

Since everyone seemed lively, Medusa and Cherry joined in the fun, and accidentally caught a bouquet each, making those who were unable to get one, bribe the two girls to hand over the bouquet in their hands.

'Even though I've already promised to marry them at a later time, they still decided to do this,' William couldn't help but scratch his head after seeing the great battle that transpired.

Loxos originally wanted to have all the bouquets, so she asked her sister, Opis, to shoot several arrows, while she maneuvered them to get all the bouquets at the same time.

Little did the young Nymph know that Astrape, Bronte, and TItania, also shared the same sentiments, so instead of monopolizing the bouquets, they were scattered in different directions, allowing those like Medusa and Cherry to each get one.

When the scuffle ended, it was time for the grand reception, which William and his wives hosted with grace.

The Kings, Emperors, Empresses, and other representatives of their respective nations, all came to congratulate William and his wives on their marriage.

Food and drinks flowed like a river, and everyone had a good time. Those who had high positions of power used this opportunity to mingle with similarly minded individuals and formed connections.

Several hours later, William and his wives went to the Floor of Asgard to escape the crowd, and finally relax a bit.

At least, that was the original plan.

However, since they had been busy with the wedding preparations, William hadn't had the chance to embrace his wives for the past few days, making him unable to remain calm after the mischievous Succubus Princess Sidonie started to seduce him by slowly stripping her wedding dress off in front of him.

To William's surprise, Wendy, Estelle, Acedia, and Cathy left the room, and moved to a separate room.

Unlike William's other wives, they were still chaste maidens, and wanted to have a more intimate time with him in private.

Because of this, the Half-Elf found himself being pinned to the bed, stripped off all his clothes, and kissed on every part of his body.

Ashe, Chiffon, Princess Sidonie, Morgana, Lilith, Princess Aila, Celine, and Belle.

These seven ladies all worked together and serviced their beloved at the same time, forbidding William to do anything, but simply lie on the bed, while they had their way with him.

However, who was William? He was someone who wouldn't lay quietly and let his wives do everything for him. Using the techniques that he had refined over time, he made sure to make his wives writhe in pleasure, letting their seductive sighs of pleasure echo inside the room as he made love with all of them to the best of his abilities.

Two hours later…

Chiffon's body shuddered before hanging limply on William's chest.

Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

His seed flowed slowly down her thighs, as his excess essence escaped her body…

This was the fourth time that William had released his seed inside the womb of his pink-haired wife, which was already filled to the brim with his love.

Lying around them were Princess Sidonie, Morgana, Ashe, Lilith, Princess Aila, and Belle.

Celine had left the room after William did it with her once, with the excuse that she needed to breastfeed her firstborn, Ciel. Because of this, she wasn't one of the ladies that was laying on the bed with satisfied looks on their faces, as they slept soundly.

When William pulled out his… from Chiffon's…

More of his essence flowed out, soaking the sheets with the proof of their union.

Among his wives, Chiffon's endurance was not the strongest, so he didn't want to push her too much. After gently laying her down, and cleaning her body with magic, the Half-Elf planted a kiss on her forehead before leaving the bed to visit the rest of his wives, who were patiently waiting for him.

'Times like this, I'm glad I have Donger's prowess with me,' William mused as he silently closed the door, leaving the room so his wives could rest properly.

The night was still young, and he had plenty of time.

A mischievous smile appeared on the Half-Elf's face, as he made his way towards the second bedroom, where his other wives were waiting for their turn.