Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

(Disclaimer: This is the final push before we go to the end game. Unless someone throws me a super gift after the novel ends, and specifies which character they want to have a love scene for, I will not post any of these snusnu chapters in the After Stories, so enjoy them for the last time.)

The sound of water splashing was faintly heard inside the big bathtub, as Wendy, Estelle, and Cathy washed William's body together.

Although he had cleaned his body before coming to see them, the three girls insisted that he get washed a second time, to ensure that no traces of his previous lovemaking remained on his body.

"It feels unfair that even though I am your First Wife, I will be one of the last people you are going to make love to," Wendy complained as she used her hands to wash William's back.

Estelle was washing his chest, while Cathy was washing something else, making the Half-Elf want to pry her soft and mischievous hands, that were busy stroking his..., away.

"I'm sorry, Wendy," William said. "I also wish that we could have done it earlier."

"Still, we did it plenty of times inside your Sea of Consciousness," Wendy muttered. "That should count too, right?"

Cathy giggled when she heard this, but didn't say anything else since the Hierarchy of William's wives was already set.

A few minutes later, the three returned to the bedroom, and followed the agreement that the three girls had decided on while waiting for William to arrive.

According to Wendy, and Estelle, both of them would be embraced individually by William. Since it was their first time, they wanted William to give them his undivided attention during their love making.

Cathy, on the other hand, told William that she would separate herself and allow the Half-Elf to embrace all seven of the ladies that merged together to make her appear.

Her reasoning was simple. She wanted Vesta, Pearl, Priscilla, Amelia, and Erinys, to be embraced separately by him as well because the five of them were still virgins.

Haleth and Anh had long tumbled on the bed with the Half-Elf, so they would be last in the order.

After the Half-Elf was briefed of the situation, he just smiled and agreed to his wives' requests.

"No matter... Hah... how hard you... Mmh!... suck my breast... nothing will come... hmmm!... out!"

Wendy did her best to prevent her moans from coming out, but William's lips, tongue, and hands were attacking her sensitive spots at the same time, making it impossible for her to keep her calm.

William's lips were suckling on her right breast, his left hand, kneading her left breast, and his right hand was busy teasing her maidenhood, making the blonde-beauty's body heat up due to the desire that the Half-Elf was fanning on her lower abdomen.

Estelle and Cathy watched from the side, studying William's movements, and Wendy's reaction.

As Wendy's sighs grew louder, the blush on their faces became redder.

Even the ladies inside Cathy's Sea of Consciousness were paying close attention to what they were seeing through the eyes of the Virtuous, and mischievous, Lady of Hope.

Wendy thought that she already knew everything about William, but today, he learned something new. The red-headed teenager that she had met several years ago, had learned many, many, ways to pleasure a woman.

The blonde beauty shuddered, as the Half-Elf made her reach her first orgasm using only his fingers. Her first climax was so intense, that Wendy blacked out, almost scaring Estelle, who was also quite nervous about having her first time with William.

"She's fine," William assured Estelle, as he used a bit of Life Magic to help Wendy recover faster.

Half a minute later, Wendy regained consciousness, and immediately became embarrassed due to what happened to her earlier.

In truth, William wanted to tease Wendy so much that he made sure that her first orgasm would make her lose her mind. Well, in a way, he succeeded, but after seeing how embarrassed his First Wife was, he decided to be gentle as he coaxed her that everything would be alright.

A few minutes later, William spread Wendy's legs apart, and rubbed his member at the entrance of her...

"Ready?" William asked as he lowered his head to kiss her cheeks.

"Yes," Wendy replied. "It's fine. I can take it."

Getting her permission, William lowered his hips and became one with her.

Wendy subconsciously clenched the bed sheets the moment she felt William enter her. However, the pain that she was expecting didn't come, only a numbing pleasure, and realization that she had waited for this moment all of her life.

Perhaps, due to the fact that the Half-Elf made sure that she was ready to receive him, the blond beauty didn't feel much pain the moment her beloved took her chastity.

Seeing that she was fine, William moved his hips, consummating his marriage with his First Wife, who had waited for him to make her his woman, and leave his mark inside her, for the past few years.

The Half-Elf made love to her as gently as he could, but he ended up being a little rough with her at the end because Wendy had subconsciously wrapped her arms and legs around William and moaned so sweetly in his ears. That was enough to break his control and he was unable to stop himself from moving his hips faster.

As the pleasure slowly built up, taking Wendy to the peak, she felt as if William was also reaching his limit.

Just as she expected, a grunt escaped the Half-Elf's lips. A second later, she gasped in shock when she felt something hot, and powerful, shoot inside of her, melting her from the inside out.Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"It's so hot," Wendy panted for breath, as William painted her womb with his color, leaving his seed deep inside of her.

Wendy's body shuddered, as another wave of pleasure washed over her body, making her scratch William's back with her nails, as he continued to pump his essence inside of her.

A minute later, both of them panted for breath, as they basked in the afterglow of their lovemaking.

"I love you, Wendy," William said after he regained his breath as he looked down on his wife with eyes filled with love.

"I love you too, Will," Wendy replied.

She then wrapped her hand on the back of William's head and pulled him down, kissing him passionately.

Cathy, on the other hand, placed her hands over William's back, and healed the marks that Wendy had left behind, which were already starting to bleed.

A few minutes later, the silver-haired beauty with crimson eyes, writhed on the bed, as William used his tongue to kiss, and lick her entrance, which was already wet with desire.

The Half-Elf's hands weren't being idle, as he groped, pinched, and played with Estelle's breasts, which hadn't been touched by anyone aside from him.

Unlike Wendy, Estelle had many intimate moments with William because she wanted to learn how to please him.

They had shared many intimate moments inside his Sea of Consciousness, as he taught her the ways to make him feel good.

Perhaps, among Williams' wives, she was the most earnest, and most innocent of them all when it came to the ways of love. Her clumsy attempts to kiss, lick, and suck his... only intensified the ache in the Half-Elf's loins, who longed to soil her unsoiled womb, and turn her into a woman.

His woman.

Unlike Wendy, William was unable to hold back when it was Estelle's turn. The moment he took her innocence, the storm inside his chest raged on, making the silver-haired lady writhe under him, due to the unbearable pleasure that she was experiencing for the first time.

Estelle was like a ship that was wading through a storm. Rising and falling with each of the waves, similar to the movement of her chest, as she endured the powerful force of nature, while doing her best to keep herself from losing consciousness.

​ "Will, I love you!" Estelle cried out when she felt that the tall waves that towered above her were about to descend upon her in full force, drowning her until she lost her mind.

William chose that time to come to a complete stop, similar to being in the eye of the storm where everything was still, and peaceful.

He then lowered his head, to kiss Estelle's soft lips, and whispered words of love in her ear, before gently moving his hips, giving her a long, painful, yet intense climax that made her lose consciousness.

Even though she wasn't conscious, her body trembled from time to time, as William pumped his seed inside of her.

The Half-Elf's release was long, and painful, making him feel as if Estelle's womb had sucked up all of his essence, leaving nothing behind.

William's breathing became ragged as he tried to regain his composure.

'Making love with Estelle is dangerous,' William thought as he looked at his unconscious wife, whose womb had taken every last drop from him.

As soon as William pulled out his member from inside of her, his seed, along with faint traces of blood pooled on the white sheets, showing how much he had released inside of her, making Wendy, and Cathy, shudder.

"Let's take a short break," William said hoarsely before caressing the side of Estelle's face, applying Life Magic on her.

For the first time in his life, he felt as if his stamina had found its match, in the form of the silver-haired beauty, whose nether lips were opening and closing, as if feeling lost due to the absence of William's... which it held, and loved dearly, just a minute ago.