Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

William lay on the bed, and Cathy guided his lips towards her voluptuous right breast, that made him unconsciously swallow his saliva.

The Half-Elf understood her gesture, so he lightly sank his fangs near her nipple, so that he could drink her warm, and delicious blood, while licking, and sucking, the aching pink tip that yearned for his touch.

Wendy, and Estelle, were busy kissing, sucking, and running their tongues on William's member, which had regained its vitality after drinking Cathy's blood.

He had just finished doing his third round with Estelle, and just like earlier, he was drained completely. This was why he decided to rest a bit in order to regain his strength, because he still hadn't made love with Cathy.

The Virtuous Lady of Hope told William that he should take care of Wendy and Estelle first because she wasn't in a hurry to make love with him.

Even so, while she, Wendy, and Estelle, were giving the Half-Elf their undivided attention, William's hands weren't being idle.

His left hand groped Cathy's left breast, while his right hand teased the entrance of her… which was already wet with anticipation, and ready for him to take her maidenhood.

A few minutes later, a popping sound was heard as Estelle released William's member from her soft, and seductive lips.

It glistened due to her saliva, and was even twitching a bit after the silver-haired beauty had her way with it.

William wasn't really sure if the title of Succubus Princess would be better given to Estelle instead of Princess Sidonie, because his silver-haired wife made him more exhausted than Princess Sidonie and Morgana combined.

The Half-Elf then released Cathy's nipple from his lips before licking, and kissing the wound, healing it completely.

"It's time, Cathy," William said as he placed his hand behind Cathy's head and pulled it towards him, so that he could kiss her lips, and thank her for helping him regain his strength with her delicious blood.

When their lips parted, Cathay traced her finger on William's lips and gave him a mischievous smile.

"Not yet," Cathy replied. "There is still one more bride that you need to take care of before me."

"Are you talking about Acedia?"

"Yes."

William had noticed, when he first entered the room, that Acedia was nowhere to be found.

Originally, she left with Wendy, Estelle, and Cathy, so he expected to see her when he visited the second bedroom. However, according to Wendy, Acedia went to the third bedroom because she didn't want her sleep to be disturbed by the moans, and cries of pleasure that would permeate the room when William arrived to consummate their marriage.

The Half-Elf couldn't help but chuckle because this reasoning was very "Acedia" like, and because of that, he kissed, and bid Wendy, and Estelle goodbye as he followed Cathy to the third Bedroom, where the sleeping beauty was currently resting.

Nisha had been informed beforehand, and had already prepared the necessary rooms for the brides on their first night with William.

There were many rooms in the Palace of Asgard so having ten or twenty additional bedrooms that were big enough to house William's harem members wasn't a big deal.

When they arrived in Acedia's room, William's eyes landed on the sleeping beauty who was laying face down on the bed.

Her long hair covered her entire body like an impenetrable defense, preventing William from assaulting her body while she slept.

Cathy couldn't stop herself from giggling after seeing this scene. Clearly, Acedia wanted to make it difficult for William to make love to her, so she made sure that the Half-Elf would not be able to have his way with her body so easily.

William sighed before approaching the bed. Although Acedia's body was covered completely by her hair, her head was still visible, so the Half-Elf decided to focus on that first, to break past the Sinful Lady of Sloth's defenses.

"Acedia, I love you," William whispered in Acedia's ear before planting a kiss on her cheek.Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Just as he expected, the sleeping beauty didn't show any reaction, and continued to sleep, ignoring William's words of love.

A devilish smile appeared on William's lips before he lowered his head to nibble on Acedia's right ear.

His ear was one of the most sensitive parts of his body, and this was also very true for Elves. William kissed, bit, and licked the sleeping beauty's ears, making her body shudder.

Knowing that his method was working, the Half-Elf continued until Acedia's body started writhing under him.

Finally after ten minutes, the hair covering Acedia's body unfurled itself and grabbed hold of William's body, hanging him upside down, as punishment for the relentless attack that he had given to her ears.

To William's surprise, Acedia wasn't wearing anything. He assumed that she might have removed her bridal gown after she entered the room, due to it being a hindrance to her sleep.

The beautiful Elf then slowly opened her eyes before gazing at the Half-Elf who was hanging upside down beside her.

"I love you too," Acedia said as she moved William's face closer to her. After taking a good look at her husband's bitter face, the corner of Acedia's lips rose before she planted a kiss on the Half-Elf's forehead.

Propping herself up, Acedia used several strands of her hair to support her body to stand up.

She then unfurled the hair blocking William's member, allowing it to peek out of the bundle of hair where it had been suppressed earlier.

Without saying a word, Acedia kissed his… which was standing tall and proud, ready to fight her for a hundred rounds.

Soon, William felt something wet, warm, and soft wrap itself around his member as Acedia took his… inside her mouth.

The Half-Elf didn't plan on letting his lazy wife have her way, so he moved his head closer towards her thighs, and licked her…

Acedia's body jolted because she didn't expect William would give her a counterattack, while he was still bound by her hair. Even so, the Half-Elf's tongue technique felt so good that Acedia didn't push him away.

In fact, she even spread her legs to allow the Half-Elf to service her better as she sucked his… making both of them feel good.

Cathy, who was watching from the side, smiled as she heard the discussion of the ladies inside her Sea of Consciousness.

After seeing the many techniques that William, and his wives, used to pleasure each other, the ladies who represented the many virtues of hope, started to discuss a plan on how to better enjoy their lovemaking with William, when it was finally their turn to be embraced by him.