Several minutes later, Acedia's eyes widened in shock as something hot, and sticky was released inside her mouth.

The Half-Elf didn't give her any warning whatsoever, and released his essence, as payback for being treated like a sandbag.

To his surprise, Acedia didn't pull back to release his member from her lips, and continued to hold it in place. The sleeping beauty's throat moved, and swallowed William's seed, not wanting to spill even a single drop of it.

"Pwah... you should have... given me a warning," Acedia complained as soon as she finished sucking William's... making sure that it was cleaned properly.

William pulled back his head and gazed at the beautiful pink flesh in front of him that had orgasmed a few times already.

Although Acedia didn't say anything when she reached her orgasm because she was busy making her husband feel good, her body trembled a few times, as the Half-Elf ate her forbidden fruit, relishing every part of it.

"Acedia, please release me," William said hoarsely because he had already reached his limit.

He had waited for a very long time to make love to Acedia. Although the two of them had kissed, and cuddled under the Springs of Life, she never allowed him to go all the way with her.

In truth, among his wives, Acedia was on the top of his list for the ladies whom he wanted to get pregnant with his child.

When he was still in Midgard, he promised her that he would return to her side, and start a family with her.

However, he died before even fulfilling that promise. Because of this, he wanted to do it right, and hesitated to get her pregnant because of the difficulties he was facing back then.

As if touched by the urgency of his voice, Acedia slowly laid the Half-Elf on the bed and released him.

However before he could even move, the beautiful elf sat on his stomach before lowering her head to kiss his lips.

"No," Acedia said after kissing William. "I've waited for you for so long, so just lie there and I'll do everything myself."

Without another word, Acedia's right hand held William's and lightly rubbed at it the entrance of her lovely slit before lowering her body to take it all in.

Acedia was still a chaste maiden, and felt the pain of defloration. Even so, the pain she felt was nothing compared to the years she waited for William to return to her side back in Alfheim, where he promised to spend the rest of his life with her.

"Don't move," Acedia said as she pressed her hands on William's chest, in order to support her body as she remained still.

VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

She added a bit of her strength when she lowered her hips, allowing the Half-Elf's member to reach deep inside her.

The blood, that was proof of her purity, ran down William's... making his face flush as he held back the desire to move his hips.

Despite the pain, Acedia wanted to take the lead, so he waited for her to recover, and remained still.

A few minutes later, Acedia finally got over the initial pain and started to move her hips. It was slow at first, but as she got more comfortable, her movements became bolder and faster.

When the pain disappeared and was replaced by pleasure, Acedia's waist moved in a circular manner, almost making the Half-Elf release his seed inside of her then and there.

Fortunately, William was able to hold it in time, and endured the painful, yet sweet, sensation of molding his elven bride's... to the shape of his member.

Then it happened, Acedia lowered her head to kiss William's lips, and the Half-Elf accepted it gratefully.

But, it wasn't a simple kiss.

Acedia bit the tip of William's tongue, drawing blood, making the Half-Elf release his seed uncontrollably deep inside of her, filling her womb to the brim, until the excess flowed down her thighs, staining the sheets.

'Dammit! Why are all of them trying their best to milk me dry!' William cursed internally as he sensed the faint taste of blood inside his mouth, as Acedia's tongue, and lips, sucked on his tongue, as if in apology for hurting it.

Using his Life Magic, he healed his injury and ravaged Acedia's lips, kissing her passionately as they remained joined at the hip.

After the kiss ended, William moved and reversed their position. This time, it was Acedia that was pinned down on the bed, and William was on top of her, devouring her lips hungrily, as his hands groped her two voluptuous breasts, kneading them to his heart's content.

"It's my turn to make you feel good," William said after their kiss ended. "Now, behave yourself, okay?"

Acedia was about to say something to retort to William's words, but her words became a surprised gasp as the Half-Elf sank his fangs on her tender breast, drawing blood.

Another wave of intense pleasure washed over her body and ignited the passion that she had kept inside her heart for many years. It burned strongly, and brightly, as her hands wrapped around the back of William's head, pushing his head deeper into her chest.

Cathy, who was watching from the side, arched an eyebrow because it seemed that William was still not sated after she had made him drink her blood earlier.

A few minutes later, Acedia's bitter-sweet cries, tainted with euphoria, spread inside the room as the Half-Elf brought her to the pinnacle of pleasure, making her cry out loud when she climaxed at the same time as William did.

After his long, and powerful release ended, William laid on top of Acedia, panting for breath.

Although the beautiful Elf was also exhausted, and out of breath, she still wrapped her arms around William, holding him close to her, not wanting to let go.

"This time, keep your promise," Acedia whispered in William's ear. "Let's build our family together."

"I will definitely keep my promise," William replied as he held Acedia tight. "This time, I will make it happen."

The two of them exchanged more words of love before kissing each other on the lips, making Cathy, who had endured for so long feel that she couldn't wait any longer.

"It's my turn now, right?" Cathy asked as she hugged William from behind, pressing her soft breasts behind his back.

"Yes," William replied before turning his head to kiss Cathy's lips. "I'm sorry for making you wait."

When the kiss ended, Cathy smiled before turning into particles of light.

A moment later, seven naked ladies appeared on the bed, surrounding William and Acedia.

Aside from Haleth and Anh, the rest were still virgins, and they stared at their husband with gazes tinged with lust, waiting for him to pluck their cherries, and make them his women, allowing them to stay by his side, forever.