Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

When William woke up, he found his face buried into something soft, and warm, making him sigh in comfort.

It didn't take long for him to recall the events that transpired several hours ago, making him understand his current situation.

Pearl slept peacefully as she held onto William's head, burying it into her bosom.

In the past, she hated William so much that she thought up many ways that she could use to take revenge on him for brainwashing her sister, and turning Charmaine into his maid.

In time, this great hatred turned into love, making the vengeful Elf yearn for William.

Right now, among the ladies who made up the Virtuous Lady of Hope, Pearl's feelings for the Half-Elf were the strongest. This was why she asked to be the first one to be embraced after Cathy disappeared, which allowed all of them to regain their bodies.

William didn't expect for Pearl to feel this strongly about him because it had never shown in her expressions or actions in the past. Only after they got married did the Elf show her true colors, surprising him, as well as her "sisters", who witnessed her strong desire for the Half-Elf, who had now become her husband.

William didn't move from Pearl's embrace, and allowed himself to enjoy the soft comfort she brought him. However, that didn't mean that he wasn't aware of what was happening in his surroundings.

Using one of his abilities to view his surroundings, he looked in wonder at the tangled mess that he found himself in.

When William woke up, he felt someone sleeping on top of him. But because he didn't want to turn his head around, and allow it to continue to rest on Pearl's soft breasts, he didn't see right away that the one who was sleeping on his body, was none other than Erinys.

The Half-ling's head rested on William's chest, and stained it with her drool.

To his surprise, he found his member firmly embedded inside of her… with its tip kissing the entrance of her womb.

The Half-Elf couldn't remember when or how it happened.

Everything was like a blur to him. The only thing he remembered was that after he made love with Pearl, it was Amelia's turn.

Wendy's best friend, whom he had met in the Hellan Royal Academy, had changed over the years. From a shy lady who didn't open up her heart to others, she became someone who didn't shy away from interacting with the people around her, especially her sisters, who were the other faces of Hope.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Their union was a pleasant one, and William felt energized after making love with her. Although Healing and Life Magic weren't her specialty, the Half-Elf found himself being healed by her touch as he made her his woman.

After Amelia, it was Vesta's turn.

The green-haired beauty with a dragon's tail, was quite sturdy, and asked for William to be rough with her, which the latter complied to, making her cry out in pleasure.

Priscilla's turn was next. Before the two of them were about to make love with each other, the black-haired lady admitted that she had developed a crush on William after he had defeated her in their duel in Hellan Academy.

She even said that he was her first love, making the Half-Elf embrace her gently, giving her a taste that was very different from the roughness that he had given Vesta.

The moment he came inside of her, Priscilla subconsciously bit on the Half-Elf's shoulder, leaving teeth marks on his body.

After her, it was Erinys turn.

The sweet, and loveable Half-ling, who followed him from the Underworld became his wife with the blessings of her father. Although there had been ups and downs, Erinys was quite happy with how William's relationship with her father turned out, in addition to becoming his wife.

Just like the time he first made love to Chiffon, the Half-Elf was quite worried that Erinys might break if he became too rough with her. However, the Half-ling assured him that as a daughter of a God, she was tougher than how she looked.

William wouldn't be able to forget the muffled moan that escaped her lips the moment he claimed her chastity.

Although Erinys did her best to prevent her voice from leaking out, William's techniques were simply too good, making sweet sighs of pleasure escape her lips, almost driving the Half-Elf crazy.

Anh, who was the granddaughter of the Patriarch of the One-Horned Tribe, was a very smart, and dependable young lady.

Without even asking for anything in return, she supported William when he needed it the most. At first, she just offered to become one of the volunteers that supplied him with blood, but in time, she became an irreplaceable member of the Half-Elfs harem, always there to lend her hand whenever it was needed.

Anh was a demon, so her body was surprisingly strong, despite the fact that she looked like a helpless damsel, who would be kidnapped by bandits the moment they saw her beauty. When William first made love to her, Anh showed her bolder side, moving her hips alongside William, making him penetrate deeper inside of her.

Finally, it was Haleth's turn.

Just like William, she was also a Half-Elf.

After hearing that the one that conquered the 51st Floor was a Half-Elf just like herself, she had long dreamed of meeting the red-headed teenager. As if Lady Fate heard her wish, she was able to meet William when the red-headed teenager stopped at the Trade City of Alabaster before continuing his journey towards the Forbidden Ground, Seventh Sanctum.

These seven ladies, who were the many faces of Hope, were now William's wives, in both heart, and body.

As he remembered the events that happened several hours ago, his member, which was snuggled comfortably inside Erinys'…, twitched.

As if sensing that something was wrong, Erinys' peaceful expression wrinkled a bit, making the Half-Elf reprimand Little William for being naughty so early in the morning.

However, his member didn't care of what he thought and grew to its full size, molding Erinys'... to take its shape.

At that moment, a soft sigh escaped the Half-ling's lips as Little William started to mess with her insides, waking her up from her peaceful sleep.

Not long after that, Erinys opened her eyes and looked at the Half-Elf with dazed eyes.

Because of this, William had no choice but to turn his head away from Pearl's breasts to look at his adorable wife, who was still half asleep.

"Go back to sleep, Erinys," William said softly as he patted the Half-ling's head, coaxing her to sleep. "It's still early to wake up."

Erinys stared at William, but instead of going back to sleep, the Half-ling's drowsiness was swept away.

Soon, a flushed expression appeared on Erinys face, making the Half-Elf take a deep breath because of how cute she looked.

"You're so peerless, Will," Erinys said as she playfully pinched William's chest as if to punish him for waking her up. "Do you want to make love with me again that badly?"

William was about to say No, but the love and affection filled look on Erinys' face prevented him from voicing out his denial.

"Of course I want to make love with you," William said because he knew that there was no way he could reject Erinys invitation.

In fact the Half-ling had already started to tease her husband by moving her hips, rekindling the desire that had been doused several hours ago, and making his shaft push against her little womb.

"You only want to make love with Erinys?"

A voice filled with injustice reached William's ears, making him turn to the side to look at Pearl, who was eyeing him with love.

"Of course, I want to do it with you, too, Pearl," William replied as he kissed her lips.

Soon, the other ladies who were sleeping on the bed stirred.

William knew that before he ate breakfast, he had no choice but to eat them first, until their hunger for his love was sated completely.