Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

While William was busy eating his wives for breakfast, his firstborn son, Ciel, had just finished his meal.

Celine lovingly held her baby as she lightly rubbed his back, making him burp after his meal.

Celeste, who was also inside the room, watched this scene with a smile.

She had never, in her wildest dreams, thought that her prideful sister would one day give birth to a child of her own, and care for him or her with so much love, making the Virtuous Lady of Chastity feel that it might not be a bad idea to have a child of her own.

Oliver, the Parrot Monkey, was perched in the corner of the room, and looked at his Mistress with a kind gaze, as if it was a father looking at her daughter.

Ever since Celine returned, Oliver had never left her side. He had failed to protect her once, which allowed her to be taken away by the God of Death. However, the Parrot Monkey vowed that he would never allow such a thing to happen again under his watch.

Now that his Mistress had a child, the Parrot Monkey's awareness of their surroundings had also increased, ready to act at any moment if his Mistress and her baby were about to fall into some kind of harm.

"Can I hold him?" Celeste asked after she heard Ciel's burp.

Celine nodded with a smile. "Of course. But, do you know how to hold a baby?"

"Yes," Celeste replied. "I sponsored an orphanage near Hestia Academy and I often visit them during my free time."

Celine gave her sister a knowing gaze and gently handed Ciel to her.

Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"Ciel, this is your Aunt, Celeste," Celine said as she handed her baby to her sister.

The baby looked at the beautiful Elf who looked exactly like his mother and smiled, melting Celeste's heart due to how innocent and heartwarming his smile was.

"Hello, Ciel." Celeste kissed the baby Elf's chubby cheeks, making the latter's smile widen. "Aside from his hair, his features are just like yours."

Celine nodded because it was true.

Ciel's eyes were purple, and his other features closely resembled hers, instead of his father William's.

"You look good holding a baby," Celine commented. "So, do you have any thoughts of having a baby of your own?"

The smile on Celeste's face froze after hearing her sister's words. She then sighed and looked at her sister with an expression filled with injustice, making the latter smile.

"You know I can't do that, sister," Celeste said while holding Ciel in her arms. "I will lose my Virtue the moment I give my Chastity to someone."

"Will it?" Celine arched an eyebrow. "Have you done research on the previous holders of the Virtue of Chastity to see if they still retained their powers after losing their maidenhood?"

Celeste shook her head.

All of the Maidens of Chastity that held the Virtue before her had all kept their powers until the day they died. Because of this, she initially thought that she would lose her powers the moment she made love with someone.

"Maybe you should talk to your Patron Goddess," Celine stated. "Maybe your assumptions are wrong."

Celeste shifted her attention to the baby in her arms, who was looking up at her with great interest. In truth, the Virtuous Lady of Chastity had long accepted the fact that she wouldn't be able to hold a baby of her own in her lifetime.

However, her sister's words made her doubt whether her understanding of her Virtue was correct.

It was a fact that all the Maidens of Chastity in the past kept their powers until the end, but no one knew if they had lovers or not.

For the people, they were the symbol of purity. If they were to ever fall in love with someone, and wanted to feel what it was like to be embraced by their beloved, they would definitely keep it a secret, for the consequences of such information spreading would tarnish their reputation.

Seeing that her sister refused to talk about the matter, Celine no longer insisted.

In the past, she also thought that she would never give birth to a child of her own because she had decided to live her life in solitude. However, she was proven wrong when William was able to worm his way inside her heart, as well as her womb, leaving her pregnant with his child.

Because of this, Celine thought that nothing was impossible.

A few minutes later, Celeste returned Ciel to his mother, and bid her sister goodbye. After leaving the room, the Virtuous Lady of Chastity walked the hallways of the Palace of Asgard without a clear destination in mind.

She was deep in thought, so she wasn't able to react in time when Princess Sidonie bumped into her as she walked past the intersection of the hallway.

Celine was caught off balance, but thanks to her training, she was able to support her body in time before she fell over.

"I'm sorry, I wasn't paying close attention to where I was going..." Celeste wasn't able to finish her words after she saw the person who bumped into her.

Princess Sidonie, who was wearing a one-piece nightgown, looked back at her with a smile. The Succubus Princess had several kiss marks on her neck, and shoulder, which made Celeste remember that last night was William's honeymoon with his wives.

"Did you get lost, or perhaps you came here to get knocked up by Will?" Princess Sidonie asked in a teasing tone.

"You know that is impossible," Celeste replied subconsciously to Princess Sidonie's teasing remark.

"What's impossible? About you getting knocked up by Will?" Princess Sidonie chuckled. "My husband is quite peerless. I'm very sure that after you've done it with him once, you will be unable to forget it."

Celeste sighed as she turned around to leave. Although she and Princess Sidonie were no longer enemies, their Sin and Virtue were the complete opposite of each other, making them unable to see eye to eye.

One didn't shy away from the pleasures of the flesh, while the other was adamant to keep herself chaste in order to keep her powers intact.

Celeste had only taken a few steps, when she felt a hand grab hers, preventing her from leaving.

"Is there something on your mind?" Princess Sidonie asked. "You don't look well."

Celeste frowned because she never thought that the Succubus Princess would actually hold her hand, and stop her from leaving.

"I don't look well?" Celine asked. "What do you mean?"

Princess Sidonie smiled as she dragged Celeste to one of the vacant rooms along the hallway. The place where they were at was the West Wing of the Palace where the sleeping quarters of William's harem were.

Because of this, there were plenty of vacant rooms that could be used at any given time, and Nisha made sure that all of them were all cleaned on a regular basis, just in case the Half-Elf had a need for them.

After closing the door of the room, Princess Sidonie gestured for Celeste to sit, so that she could talk to her in private.

"I've always wanted to talk to you, and ask a few things," Princess Sidonie said. "You already know that my Sin is Lust, and I am very sensitive to the scent of women, especially those of women in heat."

"The way you talk makes me feel as if you are referring to animals," Celeste replied. "Are you telling me that I am in heat?"

Although she knew that Princess Sidonie didn't mean to insult her, she still felt as if the Succubus Princess was referring to her as an animal who was craving a mate.

Celeste knew that she wasn't that kind of woman, so she gave the Sinful Lady of Lust a challenging look, daring Princess Sidonie to explain why she said those words to her.