Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Princess Sidonie covered her seductive lips and chuckled, making Celeste, who was a woman, feel her heart skip a beat.

She had to admit that Princess Sidonie was one of the most beautiful women she had met, and was even more beautiful than her and her sister.

The Elf had no doubt in her mind that if the Sinful Lady of Lust willed it, all the men and women in the world would prostrate themselves to her and kiss her feet in rapture.

"I'm sorry, I don't mean it that way," Princess Sidonie replied. "Also, I'm not saying that you are in heat. In fact, far from it. Which makes you very dangerous."

"Me? Dangerous? What do you mean?"

"Mmm. I'm saying that someone who has been bottling up their feelings for a very long time, will someday reach their limit. Once they do, they will explode and do something reckless, ruining themselves in the process."

Celeste was baffled by Princess Sidonie's words because she couldn't understand what the latter was talking about.

Seeing that she didn't understand what she was trying to say, Celine pointed her finger to her chest, where her heart was located.

"I might hold the Sin of Lust, but that doesn't mean that I will allow just anyone to embrace me," Princess Sidonie stated. "People think of me as a wanton lady who will open my legs to just about anyone and fornicate with dozens of people at a time. But, in reality, this is far from the truth."

Princess Sidonie then pointed at Celeste's chest, and smiled.

"You, on the other hand, are similar to a nun, who has vowed an oath of celibacy," Princess Sidonie stated. "However, that is only what people think about you. In reality, you are different, just like me."

Celeste frowned because she felt that she could understand what Princess Sidonie was talking about, and not understand it at the same time. There was a conflict somewhere inside her mind, and it made her feel annoyed.

"I talked to my Patron Goddess, Lady Eros, once about the Maidens of Chastity," Princess Sidonie said. "I asked her if they don't really know the pleasures of the flesh and remained chaste for life. Do you know what she told me?"

The Succubus Princess smiled sweetly, baiting Celeste to ask her the question that had appeared inside her head.

"What did she tell you?" Celeste inquired. Although she knew that Princess Sidonie was baiting her to ask a question, she was also genuinely curious to know what the continuation of her story was.

"She said, the Maidens of Chastity were not made of stone," Princess Sidonie replied. "They also know how to love, and how to consummate that love."

Celeste's eyes widened in shock because she couldn't believe what she was hearing.

Princess Sidonie shrugged and advised Celeste to ask her own Patron Goddess, Artemis, if what she said was true.

However, before the Sinful Lady of Lust left her, she also gave another piece of information, which made Celeste look at her in disbelief.

"Lady Eros once said that the moment the Maiden of Chastity offers her innocence to someone, that person would gain something very important," Princess Sidonie said with a serious expression on her face. "I don't know what that thing is, but right now, William needs all the help he can get.

"If you ever want to throw your purity away, make sure to look for my husband. His heart, and bed are very big. Adding one more Virtue to his harem will not be a problem."

Then Princess Sidonie left the room with a smile, leaving Celeste deep in her thoughts.

In truth, she had long wondered what would happen if she gave her Chastity to someone. However, there was one big problem.

She wasn't in love with anyone at the moment.

Although she was the supposed Bride of Darkness, she doesn't hold any feelings for William, and the latter felt the same about her.

For her, William was her sister's lover, and when it comes to relationships, she and William were like colleagues.

Both of them shared the same profession as Familiamancers, and were supposed to spread this knowledge to the world. However, before they could even start, William had lost both of his Familiars and, in the process, lost half of his soul as well.

It was impossible for him to create other familiars, because it would take a great toll on his body. Also, knowing William, he would not do it either.

Elliot and Conan were irreplaceable existences in his heart. The thought of having Familiars aside from the two of them would weigh on his mind, and would constantly remind him of the two best friends that he had lost.

With conflicting feelings in her heart, Celeste didn't know what to do.

Could she really offer her Virtue to someone that she didn't love for the sake of the bigger picture? Or would it be better for her to stubbornly keep her stance until the end of the world.

Celeste really didn't know the answer to this question. However, after talking with Princess Sidonie, she made up her mind.

'I will talk to Lady Artemis first,' Celeste thought as she thought of her Patron Goddess, whom she hadn't talked to for a long time. 'Perhaps, she can give me the answers to the questions I have in mind.'Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Celeste knew that she had to make a choice sooner or later, but she also understood that she couldn't do things blindly because it might create repercussions that she would be unable to bear.

Right now, she wanted to know if what the Sinful Lady of Lust said was true. Because if it would really play a role in the upcoming war, she would gladly make the sacrifice to ensure that her sister, Celine, as well as her newborn child, Ciel, would be able to survive the end of the world, and live happily ever after.