Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

A month passed after William's Grand Wedding.

In the first three weeks after his marriage, the Half-Elf spent his time with his wives because he knew that he would be very busy in the upcoming months.

He went out on dates with them, played games with them, and of course, made love to them.

One could even say that he was living his life to the fullest. Even Acedia, who would rather sleep, found herself spending more time with William, as if making up for the thousands of years that they hadn't been together.

Finally, in the fourth week, the Half-Elf gathered the Eight Deadly Sins and the Eight Heavenly Virtues to help him with something.

"Is everyone ready?" William asked as he gazed at the ladies who were standing on their respective magic circles, where the power of their Divinities would be amplified.

"""Yes."""

The eight ladies that represented the Sins of the world, as well as the eight ladies who represented its Virtues, all answered in affirmation. Ready to help the Half-Elf to regain one of the important people that he had lost in the war against Ahriman in the Demon Continent.

Standing at the very center of the formation, where all of their powers would be gathered was a very plain, silver bell.

It was none other than the Bell of Anthanasia, which housed half of Amalthea's Soul.

When William merged with his other half, he was surprised to find out that the reason the power of Darkness wasn't able to corrupt the bell was due to his foster mother's soul protecting his other half from the inside of the bell.

Ella "died" because her former body wasn't able to withstand the power of her Divinity. However, her soul didn't disappear after she died, but took refuge inside the Bell of Anthanasia, safeguarding William's other half.

Now that half of his soul was fully restored, the Half-Elf decided to do an experiment that was proposed by Optimus.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Since Ella didn't have a powerful enough body to contain her Divinity, they could make one for her. This was where the power of the Eight Deadly Sins, as well as the Eight Heavenly Virtues came to play.

By merging these powerful Divinities together, it would be possible to create a body that could withstand the strength of a Goddess.

"Let's begin," William said. "Please, start channeling your powers."

One by one, the ladies activated the power of their Divinities, making the altar that William created come to life.

The Bell that was at the center of the formation glowed faintly before floating in the air.

The powers of the Deadly Sins, as well as the Heavenly Virtues then all shot towards the bell floating in the air, bathing it in a Divine radiance.

William clenched his fists as he stared at the dome of light that was slowly growing bigger.

Suddenly, the light receded and a three-meter-tall white cocoon could be seen hovering over the center of the altar where the bell had been earlier.

The ladies that were all standing around the altar felt wobbly after exerting so much of their power. Fortunately, William was there to use his wind magic to support their bodies, preventing them from collapsing on the ground.

The Half-Elf then approached each of the ladies and used Life Magic to help them recover. Princess Aila was also there to assist him, speeding the process of their recovery.

Only after everyone had been taken care of did the Half-Elf approach the white cocoon to see if they had succeeded or not.

William placed his right hand over the cocoon and closed his eyes.

He then extended his senses to feel any traces of life in it. At first, he felt nothing, but as he concentrated harder, he was able to feel a faint pulse of life from within the cocoon, making him breathe a sigh of relief.

< Congratulations, Will. Looks like we succeeded. >

Optimus' congratulatory words confirmed William's guess, which made the Half-Elf very happy.

< However, creating the new body will take time. It is best if you keep the cocoon inside the Magic Crystal Cave in the Thousand Beast Domain to allow it to stabilize. >

Will agreed with Optimus' suggestion and immediately sent the cocoon inside the cave where he had placed the ice sculptures of his wives until he could move them to the Spring of Life after he arrived at the Silvermoon Continent.

Now that Ella's body was starting to form, he could only wait patiently until the day his foster mother returned to his side.

"Congratulations, Will," Wendy said as she hugged William from behind. "I hope to see her soon. There are many things I want to tell her."

"I also share Wendy's opinion," Estelle said as she held onto William's arm. "To think that the goat that always followed you around had such a background. I would have never imagined it were it not for today."

Wendy and Estelle were two of the few people that had interacted with Ella in the past. They were also the ladies that Ella had approved of to become William's wives.

"I'm sure you can't wait to see her again," Ashe said before kissing the Half-Elf's cheeks. "I look forward to seeing Ella as well, or should I be calling her mother-in-law, now?"

Ashe was the first one to see Ella's demi-human form. Back then, Ella had no choice but to appear to the blue-haired mermaid in her demi-human form while William was in a coma after his battle with the Astral Worm.

The war was approaching and the Hellan Academy wasn't a safe place to stay. Ella had told Ashe to evacuate, and go to the Kyrintor Mountains, and wait for William to regain his consciousness.

"I'm sure she will love that," William replied as he hugged the three girls who had become his lovers in the Southern Continent.

The three of them knew how important Ella was to William, and they were feeling genuinely happy that the Half-Elf now had a chance to meet his foster mother again.

Nisha, who was waiting for the ceremony to finish, asked William to come with her to meet with the envoys from the various kingdoms who wanted to have an audience with him.

The Half-Elf understood that he had postponed his duties long enough, so he went with his Steward to talk to the people who wanted to know his opinion on certain matters that were of great importance.

Days passed...

Then months passed...

A year later...

Within the walls of Asgard, a wedding once again took place. However, the scale of this wedding wasn't as grand as the first, but nevertheless, many important people from all over the world came to the Floor of Asgard to witness this event, and to offer their well wishes to William and his brides.

Just as William promised, he married his other lovers, and concubines, and gave them the title of Wife.

Astrape, Bronte, Titania, Loxos, Nisha, Lira, Ephemera, Melody, Shana, Shannon, Chloee, Charmaine, and to everyone's surprise, Celeste as well.

No one had seen it coming, including William's wives and lovers, because the Half-Elf and the beautiful Elf had kept it a secret from everyone.

After the wedding and the reception ended, William led his wives to a small temple, hidden within the Royal Palace.

There, Celeste stood, wearing a bridal gown, and accompanied by none other than her Patron Goddess, Artemis, who was the Goddess of Chastity and the Hunt.

The one that wed them was none other than Freya, who had decided to preside over William's marriage ceremonies.

The one that made their union possible was none other than William's wife, Celine. It wasn't an easy endeavor because Celeste had decided to live an ascetic lifestyle because of the nature of her Virtue.

However, after talking with her Patron Goddess, the Elf was surprised when she discovered that the previous Ladies of Chastity had secret lovers who were hidden away from the public eye.

This was done in order to honor the reputation of the future maidens of Chastity, so Celeste's marriage to William was held in complete secrecy, and was only known to William's wives.

Although their relationship had grown closer over the past year, William's and Celeste's feelings for each other were more than friends, but less than lovers. Even so, the two of them still agreed to wed each other because there would be no other time to do so.

They believed that if they were given more time, their feelings for each other would grow, just like what happened with William and Celine, who had become husband and wife after so many hardships.