Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Among William's new wives, only Celeste was a chaste maiden.

During the course of the past year, William had shared many intimate moments with his lovers, especially Titania and Shana.

After they saw William's first wedding, both ladies felt that there was no longer any reason to hold back, and schemed together to kidnap the Half-Elf when he was out in the field, supervising the training of the different armies from the various nations.

Just like what happened on William's first honeymoon, Celeste moved to a different room because she wasn't ready to show everyone her debauched appearance after William had made love to her.

Even though Celeste had already prepared herself mentally to become one of William's wives, she was not prepared to let others see her pleasure-filled expression as she surrendered her heart and body to the Half-Elf who was now her husband.

As Celeste looked outside the window of her bedroom, while waiting for her husband to arrive, she thought over everything that had led them to this very moment.

She had been prophesied to become the Bride of Darkness, but the marriage she had in mind wasn't something like this.

Celeste once thought that she would be forced to marry against her will. She thought that she would be stripped of her Chastity, Virtue, and Dignity before being tossed aside like a tool that no longer had any value.

In truth, Celeste felt great fear whenever she thought about those thoughts inside her head. She had subconsciously thought that her Virtue was only her redeeming factor, and without it, she would be nothing.

She was well aware of the stares of the Elves, as well as the people in Hestia Academy, whenever their eyes landed on her body. Their gazes were like tongues that licked her body from every angle, wanting to taste the most virtuous lady in the world, and wondering what it would be like to make her a woman.

Their woman.

She believed that she would be displayed as a trophy of their conquest, telling others that it was them that had conquered her and taken her Chastity. Then, after the limelight ended, she would no longer serve any purpose and would be forgotten.

Because she was deep in thought, she didn't notice the door opening behind her. Only when a pair of strong hands wrapped around her body, and a familiar whisper reached her ears, did she finally break out of her daze.

"Whatever you are thinking, it's not going to happen," William whispered as he held Celeste in a protective embrace.

Celeste didn't try to escape from his hug, and just closed her eyes to feel the warmth of William's body.

"Did you now know how to read minds?" Celeste asked in a teasing tone.

"No, but I have a feeling that you were looking down on yourself."

"Do I?"

Celeste then turned around to look at the handsome Half-Elf who was looking at her with kind eyes.

"You are not my conquest, nor are you my trophy," William said softly. "I will not parade you in front of the other men in the world, and brag about making the Virtuous Lady of Chastity my woman."

"... How do you know about this?"

"My dear, lovely wife, did you forget that Chloee is still half your familiar? Whatever thoughts you have, she can feel it as well. It was her who told me about the insecurities that you are feeling."

Celeste lowered her head as her cheeks were dyed red due to embarrassment. She was so embarrassed that even the tips of her ears turned a shade of pink, which made the Half-Elf chuckle.

"Come, my Bride of Darkness. It's time for you to light up my life ," William said in a teasing tone as his naughty hands began to loosen the wedding dress that Celeste was still wearing, making it fall to the carpeted floor, showing him her beautiful, and untainted body, which was waiting to be painted by his colors.

William pulled her close and kissed her lips.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Right now, he was only wearing a bathrobe, so it only took him a few seconds to undress.

While the two of them were kissing, Celeste felt something hot, and hard, pressing against her lower abdomen. She knew what it was, making the blush on her face turn a shade redder.

In order to hide her embarrassment, she continued to kiss William, allowing the Half-Elf to teach her on how to kiss passionately, with their tongues intertwining with each other.

Soon, the Virtuous Lady of Chastity found herself being laid gently down on the bed, as William's lips left her own.

"You're very beautiful, Celeste," William said as he stared at Celeste's body in admiration.

Perhaps, due to her being the Maiden of Chastity, Celeste's body smelled very nice.

It was a fragrance that was very different, yet similar to Princess Sidonie's in the fact that it could easily intoxicate anyone who could smell its fragrance.

Soon, the Half-Elf lowered his head and planted a kiss on Celeste's right breast before lightly biting the pink tip, which was slowly hardening due to his hot, and passionate lips that would soon drive her crazy.

William wasn't in a hurry, and simply enjoyed Celeste's muffled moans, as his lips, and hands, fondled her sensitive parts, making her body heat up.

In truth, the Half-Elf was having a hard time controlling his urges because, similar to Princess Sidonie, the Virtuous Lady of Chastity was emitting pheromones that would drive any man crazy.

Even so, he endured because this was Celeste's first time, and he wanted her to enjoy her first night with him.

He didn't want her to feel any regrets in choosing him as her husband, and giving him the most important thing she held dear in her heart.

"Don't hold it in," William said before flicking the innocent pink tip with his finger as he looked at Celeste's flushed face. "Only I will hear your moans tonight. So, there is no need to hold them back."

"No," Celeste replied as she covered her face with both of her hands due to embarrassment.

However, William pried her hands away and gave her a long, and sweet kiss, which made the beautiful Elf momentarily forget her embarrassment.

A moment later, William's kiss, which was similar to a small flame, traveled downwards, igniting the passion that had been sleeping under the innocent body that Celeste had protected all her life.

It didn't take long before William's lips kissed her lower abdomen, where her womb was located. His hot kiss lingered for a time on that spot before making its way to the entrance of her…

William's fingers then pried those pink petals open, allowing his tongue to taste the sweet flower that would soon belong to him alone.