Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Celeste's sweet moans reverberated inside the room, as William licked, sucked, kissed, and lightly bit her...

As someone who lived an ascetic lifestyle, the euphoric sensation that washed over her body made her unable to think properly.

Because William had told her to not hold back her voice, she lay on the bed whimpering, as she clutched the bed sheets, trying to endure the relentless assault of William's tongue, and lips to the place that she had protected all her life.

The Half-Elf took his sweet time in preparing his wife for their union because he wanted Celeste to forever remember the moment when he took her chastity from her.

"Will... I'm scared," Celeste said as her body trembled.

She felt alarmed because the feeling of pleasure she was feeling was slowly building up, threatening to drive her crazy the moment it reached its peak.

Sensing that Celeste was truly feeling scared, the Half-Elf kissed her... softly before raising his head to look at her.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

The beautiful Elf's face was flushed, and her voluptuous breasts rose up and down, as her body trembled helplessly due to the euphoria that had taken hold of her.

William knew that Celeste had reached her limit, so he decided to hug her until she regained her calm.

Although he wanted to plunge his manhood deep inside her, and drive her crazy, he also didn't want to break her.

Celeste wasn't like Princess Sidonie who was born to accept carnal desires.

The Elf was someone who had placed great importance to her Virtue, so there was a subtle fear inside of her heart that was manifesting as her body was slowly surrendering itself to the pleasures of the flesh.

Minutes passed as William held Celeste's soft, and burning, body in a loving embrace, whispering words of assurance and love in her ears.

Finally, as if she had finally prepared her heart, and mind to do the deed, Celeste's arm wrapped around William's body as she took the initiative to kiss him.

The kiss was long and sweet. Yet, there was a trace of sadness in it.

A sadness and resigned acceptance that she was about to take a leap of faith that would change her life forever.

"Will, do me a favor," Celeste said after their kiss ended. "Even if I say stop, don't stop. If I beg you to spare me, do not. I don't want to back down now that we've gone this far. So, please, forgive me if I get cold feet at the last minute."

William smiled and kissed Celeste's forehead before nodding his head.

"I will not waste your resolve," William said as he spread Celeste's legs.

He then rubbed his manhood at her entrance, giving Celeste a few more precious seconds to brace herself for the inevitable.

Finally, with one strong thrust, the Virtue that the beautiful Elf protected, broke, making her utter a silent scream, as William's member conquered her depths.

Then, it happened.

Celeste blanked out and lost consciousness.

The surprising thing was that it was not only her that blanked out, but William as well.

The Half-Elf's body stopped moving, as if he was frozen in time.

Celeste's body, on the other hand, trembled under him, as particles of light slowly rose up from her body, flying straight into the gem on William's chest.

When William regained his consciousness, he found himself inside his Spiritual World. Although the blue sky was clear, and the sea under his feet was calm, particles of light started to fall down from the heavens.

It fell slowly, similar to the seeds of a dandelion that were being carried by the wind.

William felt with great certainty that something major had happened.

And yet, he didn't know what it was.

No matter how much he tried to sense whatever changed inside his body, the only thing he could feel was that he seemed to be bathed in a warm, and refreshing feeling, as if telling him that everything was going to be fine.

Finally, the world around him changed.

He was no longer inside his Spiritual World, and was back inside the bedroom, looking down at his unconscious wife, whose body would tremble from time to time, as if something very precious from her was being taken away.

It was also at that time when William realized that his seed was slowly being released inside of her womb, which might also be one of the reasons why Celeste's body was trembling.

The unexpected release, which might have resulted in William's lapse in control after becoming one with her, made him feel slightly embarrassed, but he set his embarrassment aside as he caressed the side of Celeste's face, using a diagnostic spell to make sure that nothing was wrong with her.

A sigh then escaped William's lips when he confirmed that Celeste was fine.

As if waiting for that moment, Celeste's eyes fluttered open, and looked at William in a daze.

A moment later, she felt something hot pouring inside of her womb, making her face turn beet red at the realization that she had passed out after William had claimed her Chastity.

"I'm sorry," Celeste apologize. "I don't know what happened. I was..."

"Hush," William placed a finger on her lips, to stop her from saying anything. "It's fine. You did nothing wrong."

The Half-Elf once again hugged Celeste, and the latter hugged him back. She was still confused about what just happened, but feeling William's warmth inside, and outside, of her body, calmed her down for a bit.

A few minutes later, both of them finally regained their composure.

"Let's start again," WIlliam said softly. "This time, I'm not going to hold back, so I apologize if I become a bit rough."

"It's fine if it's a bit rough," Celeste replied as she held onto William's strong body. "Make love to me, Will."

Not long after, the sound of Celeste's cries of pleasure, as well as the Half-Elf's ragged breaths permeated the room as they made love with each other over and over again.

No longer holding back, Celeste moved with him, and not against him, making William feel a comfortable tightness that encouraged the release of his seed, making both of them feel a heartfelt pleasure, as they consummated their marriage.

When it ended, the two of them held the other as Celeste laid on top of William.

Both of them were still connected, and enjoyed the afterglow of their lovemaking.

"I know it's a bit late, but I think I now understand what falling in love feels like," Celeste said as she looked at William's green eyes, which were similar to the color of her own eyes.

"I'm glad," William replied as he looked at Celeste with a gaze filled with tenderness and affection. "Let's continue to love each other from now on, okay?"

"Mmm." Celeste hummed as she rested her head on William's chest, enjoying the strength that was radiating from his body.

The two continued to stay in that position as they drifted off to sleep. Both of them knew that when morning came, the two of them would wake up, still holding each other, in a loving embrace.