Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

A subtle tension could be felt in the air as the approach of the appointed day drew near.

William continued to conquer one Dungeon after another, bolstering his forces to the best of his ability.

The Nations of the world also intensified their training, regularly conducting mock battles with the Giants that the Half-Elf kept in his Thousand Beast Domain.

At the start, the disparity in strength caused the armies to be devastated, causing the soldiers to suffer from major injuries.

Because the Giants were controlling their strength, no deaths happened during these mock battles. However, as the armies of the world learned from their mistakes, their strategies, and battle formations became more refined, adjusting to the size, and strength of the giants, forcing the Giants to no longer hold back, and give it their all.

The weapons created by the great minds of different races also showed their mettle, which made the Half-Elf, and his allies, feel a little more confident.

Although many resources were used to build the weapons, their performance had exceeded the expectations of those that had built them, making them very proud of their achievements.

"I'm done!" Medusa collapsed weakly on the ground as she panted for breath.

Her best friend, Cherry, was not faring well either. The youngest of all the Virtues, sat on the ground, not caring if her dress got dirty as she, too, panted for breath.

Cherry weakly raised her head as she glanced at her surroundings.

Thousands of people were also collapsed on the ground, with some of them even snoring.

Clearly, the latest drill had tired them out considerably that some chose to just sleep on the ground to recover their strength.

Princess Aila, was among the few people that were still standing in the sea of exhausted bodies.

They were part of the Medical Teams that were responsible for saving and healing the members of the army who were going to fight, allowing them to once again stand on the frontlines of the battlefield.

Not far from them, hundreds of Giants sat on the ground allowing Titania to use her Life Magic to heal their injuries.

The drills for the upcoming battles had become more and more harsh as both sides no longer tried to hold back, and really went for the kill.

Fortunately, they were fighting on one of the floors of the Tower of Babylon which had been reinforced by a special law that prevented anyone from dying.

Those who suffered fatal injuries would immediately turn into particles of light, reappearing far away from the battlefield, where the intense battle was still happening.

"Good work, the two of you."

A pink-haired Dwarf offered a bottle of water to Medusa and Cherry, who were unable to move from their spot due to exhaustion.

"Thank you, Master," Medusa weakly replied as she raised her hand to take the water bottle that Chiffon was offering her.

"Thank you," Cherry said as she also took the water bottle and drank thirstily.

Due to the way she drank, the water spilled from her lips, falling onto her white dress, and drenched it.

Even so, the Virtue of Charity didn't care. She was no longer the little girl that complained about every little thing, and whined whenever something bad happened to her.

Chiffon looked at the two girls fondly before walking towards Princess Aila, handing her a water bottle as well.

"Good work, Aila," Chiffon said with a smile. "You've gotten a lot stronger."

Princess Aila smiled and nodded her head. "Thank you, Chiffon. You were amazing earlier."

Princess Aila was part of the Medical Team, while Chiffon was part of the vanguard of the army.

At the beginning, the armies were feeling anxious to have Chiffon fight with them on the front lines because she looked like a little girl, and was also one of WIlliam's wives.

However, their anxiousness disappeared when Chiffon raised her weapon, and transformed into a twenty-meter tall giant, brandishing her mace, Sharur, like a War God on the battlefield, sending Giants, and Humans, flying in every direction.

Because of this, she earned the nickname, The Berserker Giantess, because whenever she appeared on the battlefield, everyone would be sent flying.

Sometimes, she was fighting alongside the Human armies, other times, she was fighting alongside the Giants.

Because of this, everyone had a taste of the powerful mace, Sharur, whose mouth would curse, and trash talk those it hit, making them suffer physical and emotional damage.

A week later, William as well as the Kings and Emperors of the different nations, once again met at the Floor of Asgard to conduct their quarterly meeting.

Each King would give a report on the status of their armies, as well as the preparations that they had made for the upcoming battle.

Although no one intended it to happen, a sense of rivalry formed between nations as they tried to outdo each other in enhancing their military strength and strategies.Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

William welcomed this change because it allowed everyone to grow, and maee them strive to reach the pinnacle of perfection.

While this was happening, the white-robed person, who once belonged to the Holy Order of Light, gazed at the heavens.

Her eyes pierced through the void, and a solemn expression appeared behind the mask she was wearing.

"It finally begins," the white-robed person muttered as she removed the mask from her face. She then summoned a white horn that looked so plain that no one would give it a second glance.

However, the horn she was holding wasn't any ordinary horn. It could make a sound that would reach at the far corners of the world, allowing them to hear that the end of days was upon them, telling them that those who wish to destroy their world had finally come.

Placing the white horn on her soft lips, the woman blew the horn, Gjallarhorn, sending the news that the end of the world was at hand.

The long, and resounding sound, reverberated across the entire world of Hestia.

No matter where anyone was, no matter what they were doing, no matter what they were feeling, they all heard the loud and resounding sound that made all of their faces become grim.

William and the Sovereigns of each nation stopped their discussion and glanced at each other in surprise.

"Everyone, make haste!" William ordered. "Prepare for battle! Prepare for war!"

A loud roar of acknowledgement resounded inside the meeting room before every leader of the world teleported away from the Floor of Asgard to return to their respective nations.

William also didn't tarry and disappeared from where he was.

Moments later, he reappeared beside the white-robed woman, who was still blowing the horn in her hands.

He didn't stop her because it was her duty to warn the world that it was time to raise their weapons to fight for everything they held sacred.

Finally, the white-robed woman stopped blowing the horn in her hands and turned around to face William.

"Two days from now, they will make landfall," the white-robed woman said as her golden eyes glowed faintly.

"Where will they appear?" William inquired.

This was the most important question because it would also allow them to prepare a proper welcome to their uninvited guest that would come from the void.

The white-robed woman smiled before projecting a map of the Central Continent. She then pointed at one of the empires within it, telling the Half-Elf where they would concentrate the majority of their forces to fight.

"You don't have to look far, Your Majesty," the white-robed woman replied in a teasing tone. "They will make landfall, right at your very doorstep."

William's face became solemn because he understood what the white-robed woman was trying to say.

The place where the Portal of Destruction would appear and allow the Giants to fall into the world, so they could wreak havoc in the lands of Hestia, was none other than the Ainsworth Empire.

The nation would soon become the battlefield of the greatest war that the world had ever seen.

"Good," William said as his eyes turned golden, glowing faintly. "I have a score to settle with them."

The white-robed woman smiled and nodded her head.

"As do I, Will," the white-robed woman said. "As do I."

The War that had taken their world from them thousands of years ago, would once again begin.

This time, William, and the white-robed woman, would not allow the same outcome to happen, as they stared into the void, looking at the millions of giants that were slowly, but surely, making their way towards the world that they planned to destroy.