Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

The moment the horn of Gjallarhorn was blown, all the people in the world instinctively knew that the day of judgment had come.

As if to confirm their greatest fears, the Kings of each Nation made an announcement that their enemy had come, and all their armies would be mobilized to face them.

Just as they originally planned, all the non-combatants would be housed on the Floors of Babylon that were under William's authority.

The Tower was protected by a powerful law that prevented it from being damaged by outside forces. Because of this, it was the safest place in the world, until every member of the Alliance drew their last breath.

Because they had already practiced how the evacuation would be conducted several times over the past year, the people who were not part of the fighting already knew what to do.

The old, and the young, who were the main bulk of those who would take refuge from the war, gathered on the Floors of Babylon as the Bifrost Bridge extended to every part of the World of Hestia.

All of the able-bodied men and women chose to fight for their world, leaving only the old, who were too frail to fight, and the children, who were too young to hold weapons, behind.

After knowing where the Giants would make their appearance, the armies of the world started to gather and arrive at the Ainsworth Empire.

"What a grand sight," Albert said with admiration. "I didn't think I'd be able to live long enough to see the armies of the world unite for a common cause."

He was Gavin's other disciple, as well as William's senior who had inherited the power of the God of All Trades.

"Indeed," Byron, the Headmaster of Hestia Academy, commented. "Seeing all the heroes of the world gather in one place, it makes my blood boil just thinking about the battle that will decide the fate of this world."

He had been informed long ago of the battle that would decide the fate of the world by the Goddess Hestia.

Because of this, he had made ample preparations, but even he knew that the power of Hestia Academy wasn't enough to tilt the tide of battle in their favor.

Now, seeing all the forces of the world gather in the Ainsworth Empire gave him hope that all was not lost.

"Are you ready to die, Lindir?" Swiper asked as he stood beside his friend.

"I have no intentions of dying, Swiper," Lindir replied as he sharpened his spear with a whetstone. "I intend to live."

"Good. You will become a good meat shield when the giants arrive."

"F*ck off!"

All around the Ainsworth Empire, similar conversations were being held.

Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Friends and enemies set aside their differences as they encouraged and chided each other about the upcoming battle.

Everyone was feeling anxious, so they decided to busy themselves with doing the things that could help them calm down.

Some sharpened their weapons.

Others chatted with friends.

While a few decided to spar with each other in order to release the tension in their bodies.

William and the other Kings and Emperors of the world, gathered in the Palace of the Ainsworth Empire to make their last minute preparations.

"The time has finally come," William said as he scanned the faces of the people around him. He could see the fear and anxiety in their eyes, and understood that the majority, if not all, of the people inside the conference room were feeling the same way.

Truth be told, he was feeling anxious as well, but he did his best to keep his anxiety from appearing on his face.

"We have done everything we can," William stated. "And I believe that we will emerge victorious. Two days from now, we stand as one. Two days from now, we fight as one."

All the Kings, and Emperors nodded their heads in agreement to William's words. They were once rivals, who schemed against each other to gain as much benefit as they could, but now, they would fight as one.

​ Every race in the world had pooled all of their resources together in order to develop weapons, as well as strategies, in order to overcome the Army of Destruction who made their hearts tremble inside their chests.

"Go and spend time with your loved ones," William said softly. "At noon on the second day, the Giants will arrive. If you have any lingering regrets, now is the time to resolve them. For there may not be another chance for you to do so. This meeting is adjourned. We will meet again on the day of battle."

All the Kings and Emperors nodded their heads before leaving the room one by one.

They had just finished mobilizing their armies, and stationed them outside the walls of the Ainsworth Empire, waiting for their enemies to arrive.

"This sure reminds me of that time," Wendy said as she stood beside William on the highest balcony of the Royal Palace, overlooking the countless banners fluttering in the breeze.

"Yes," William replied.

"But, compared to back then, the number of warriors here have far surpasses that number," Chiffon commented before holding onto William's arm, assuring him that she would always be by his side no matter what the outcome would be.

"Indeed." William agreed with Chiffon's comment.

Right now, the number of warriors outside his city's walls, numbered in the billions.

"It will not be the same as last time," Acedia commented as she walked in front of Wiliam, and wrapped her arms around his neck. "This time, I will be fighting alongside you."

William chuckled, as he held Acedia's waist. "Of course it will be different. This time, we will win."

Back then, all of them did their best, but they still lost the war. All of them had many regrets, and if not for Freya's mercy, they wouldn't have been able to reunite after being separated for thousands of years.

"Tonight, don't think of anything else," Belle said as she hugged William from behind.

"That's right," Loxos wormed her way in front of the Half-Elf, pushing Acedia a bit so she could also hug her beloved. "Tonight, just think of how you will make love with us. Because you will not be able to do that on the second night."

"Heroes also need a time of rest," Titania's words reach William's ears. Although she didn't try to squeeze her way in to join the ladies who were already holding unto the Half-Elf, her eyes, and voice, made William understood her intention. "Don't worry. We will make sure that you will have no regrets on the day of battle."

The Half-Elf glanced at all of his wives who were on the balcony, looking at him with love and affection. They were the women that had chosen to spend their life with him, and no matter what the outcome of the battle would be, he was sure that they would be with him till the end.

William couldn't stop himself from grinning because he knew that he wouldn't be getting any sleep tonight. Even so, he didn't mind it one bit.

This might be the last opportunity he had to make love to all of his wives and, because of this, he would make sure that all of them were satisfied.

He would make sure that none of them had any regrets before the world finally met its supposed end.