Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Two nights before the arrival of the Army of Destruction...

The sound of merry making reverberated in the surroundings as people ate and drank to their fill. The Half-Elf had opened his treasure house and purchased the finest food, and drink for the warriors who would be fighting with their lives on the line when the sun reached its zenith on the second day.

Naturally, the drinks didn't have any alcohol in them because William didn't want the soldiers to be dead drunk when they faced the Harbingers of Destruction to the world.

When William was still an Einherjar back in Asgard, he and his comrades would enjoy a grand feast before going on a campaign to protect the world under Odin's protection.

All of them knew that not all of them would be able to return after the campaign was over, so they decided to just enjoy the moment in the company of their comrades.

Even Swiper, who was feeling anxious, let loose and danced around the campfire, making his tribe cheer for his performance.

"I am Swiper and I am neat, I love pretty girls and I love to eat~" Swiper sang as he held a bottle of "fake" wine in his hand. "They say I'm bad, but I am good, so shut up now and eat some food!"

"Great!"

"You're doing well, Swiper!"

"Sing more!"

"Hahaha!"

Hearing the encouragement from his surroundings, Swiper went into another round of singing and dancing, making his tribe, and the others watching him from afar, clap their hands.

It was a long night.

Probably the longest night that everyone experienced in their lifetime.

The Kings and Emperors also gathered together and feasted. None of them wore their crowns on their heads because, right now, they didn't want to celebrate as Sovereigns. They wanted to celebrate as ordinary people that didn't carry the burden of their nations on their shoulders.

William joined them as well because he knew that there might not be another opportunity to talk to these proud individuals, who had set aside their pride in order to fight by his side during the end of the world.

Just past three in the morning, everyone heard the sound of a harp. It carried with it a soulful melody, making others feel sleepy.

Titania, the beautiful Fairy Queen, played her harp and put everyone to sleep, allowing them to rest so they would have the strength to pick up their weapons and fight when the giants arrived.

The Demigods, as well as the Pseudo-Gods that had joined William's army, watched over these short-lived mortals with envy because even if they had short lives, they were like brilliant fireworks that shine so brightly.

Although their brilliance was a fleeting thing, it also allowed themselves to leave their mark on the hearts of others, allowing them to live on, even after they departed from the world.

-------------

Somewhere in the Void...

Millions of Giants marched steadily towards the world of Hestia.

Their numbers had swelled after those that had gone to destroy other worlds joined the main army as they marched towards the world, which they believed would pose a strong resistance to their cause.

The last time that the entire Army of Destruction mobilized was thousands of years ago. Since then, only armies that numbered in the tens of thousands would be sent to other worlds.

If the world they were going to destroy had some powerful fighters, they would send over a hundred thousand giants, with one God of Destruction taking the lead.

However, for some reason, all the Gods of Destruction were present this time, making the Giants wonder just what kind of world they were about to subdue.

"Hahaha this is going to be fun!" a Demigod-Ranked Giant laughed as he gave a playful punch to his friend. "Are you willing to take a bet?"

"What bet?" another Demigod-Rank Giant asked.

"A bet on which of us will kill the most people in that blue world over there."

"Sure. How can I possibly lose to such a weakling like you?"

"Good! Don't forget those words. I'll make you eat them later!"

"As if!"

The Giants of Destruction were a bloodthirsty bunch. After destroying thousands of worlds, their thirst for destruction was like breathing to them.

All of them were quite thrilled when they saw that all three Gods of Destruction were leading the battle. It just meant that they would be fighting a lot of strong people, who would soon become their food, allowing themselves to become stronger as they feasted on their flesh.

The Three Gods of Destruction were at the very rear of the formation. They traveled leisurely because they knew that no force in the world could stop them.

Standing in front of them was a giant, who looked different from the rest.

The giant had two long horns, highlighting its Demonic origin, but what set this giant apart from the three Gods of Destruction was its rank.

It was a giant at the peak of the Pseudo-God Rank. For someone of that rank to travel alongside the Gods of Destruction was unheard of because that meant that they treated that Giant as one of their peers.

"We're almost there, Ahriman," one of the Gods of Destruction, Owuo, said with a smile. "How about you take the Vanguard with you and settle the score with the one that put you in such a miserable state? I'm sure that you're dying to crush that ant yourself, no? What do you think, everyone?"

"Sounds interesting,'' another God of Destruction, who went by the name Nergal, laughed, after hearing Owuo's proposal. "I don't have any objections. How about you, Surtr?"

A giant, who was holding a flaming sword in his hand, walked steadily without much change in his expression. He didn't answer right away, as if contemplating if what his colleagues had proposed would jeopardize the big picture he envisioned.

Ouwo and Nergal simply waited for his reply because they had come to know what his attitude was like by now. Surtr was a Giant that spoke less and killed more. For him, talking was a chore, so he doesn't really talk much.

Finally after nearly ten minutes, the God of Destruction finally answered their query.

"Do what you want."

That was Surtr's reply, making Ouwo smirk.

"Go and lead the charge, Ahriman," Ouwo said. "We don't mind if you destroy the resisting forces before we arrive there."

"That's right," Nergal commented from the side. "We will be watching your performance from here, so make sure you do a good job and ensure that the goodwill we have given you won't be wasted."

Ahriman didn't answer, and simply increased the pace of his march. After losing his main body, he was forced to escape to the void and seek the help of the Gods of Destruction so they could create a temporary body for him.

Since the body he was using right now wasn't his original body, his strength only reached the peak of the Pseudo-God Rank, making him feel extremely bitter, but there was nothing he could do about it.

'Mock me for now,' Ahriman thought as he walked past the Giants in front of him. 'After I regain my strength, we will see who will have the last laugh.'

Ahriman knew that the Gods of Destruction didn't help him out of pity. They gave him a temporary body, so that he would work for them, becoming their errand boy for their own entertainment.

However, since Ahriman knew that this was the only option he had left, he endured the shame, and allowed himself to be treated as a servant.

The only thing he wanted now was to personally crush the Half-Elf who was responsible for his downfall.

As long as he was able to feast on William's flesh, he would be able to regain a fraction of the power he had before his body was destroyed, decreasing the anger that had been haunting him for more than two years.

After waiting for two whole years, the God of Chaos and Darkness would once again return to the world of Hestia, and this time he was coming for vengeance.

Long had he endured the humiliation of needing to become the lackey of the Gods of Destruction, fighting for them over the past two years of his life, and venting his anger on the worlds that he destroyed alongside them.

'Wash your neck, Half-Elf,' Ahriman vowed as he took the lead, followed by the Vanguard of the Army of Destruction that numbered over a hundred thousand. 'I'm coming for your head!'Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m