Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

As the first rays of sunlight caressed the sleeping faces of the soldiers, William also opened his eyes.

He had meditated all night long on the highest tower of the Ainsworth Royal Palace as he kept vigil for the night.Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

The Half-Elf only made love with his wives on the first night/ On the second, he meditated to raise his strength to its peak before the final battle began.

Not long after, the soldiers stirred from their slumber. Even though they only had a few hours of sleep, they felt quite energized because Titania's music had that kind of special effect.

The Half-Elf had asked the Fairy Queen, who was now his wife, to serenade the soldiers and put them to sleep around three in the morning. This way, they wouldn't be exhausted before the war even started.

"This is a beautiful sunrise," Titania said as she landed beside William who was gazing at the sunrise.

"It is," William said softly. "Let's watch it again tomorrow."

Titania smiled because she knew what the Half-Elf was trying to tell her. "Mmm. I'd love that."

Since her husband had told her to watch the sunrise with him the next day, it only meant that they would watch it after the war was over.

Three hours later, the sound of a horn spread throughout the surroundings.

The white-robed woman blew her horn once again, telling everyone that the Giants would be arriving very soon.

The air was filled with tension, as the soldiers held their weapons firmly in their hands. All of them had dreaded the arrival of this day, and yet, all the hard work they had put forth was to ensure that their world survived the day of judgment.

The Kings and Emperors of their respective Kingdoms had also positioned themselves at the rear of the formation so they could support their armies.

This was the only thing they could do in order to boost the morale of their soldiers, as they fought with their lives on the line for home and country.

Seeing that almost everyone had grim expressions on their faces, the Half-Elf projected his image into the sky, with the use of special artifacts, so that everyone could see him.

Even those that resided in the Tower of Babylon could see the Half-Elf, who stood with a confident smile on his face.

His name was William Von Ainsworth, and almost everyone in Hestia knew his name by now.

Although the Sovereigns of each nation didn't want to admit it, the Half-Elf had become the symbol that gave everyone moral and spiritual support during the fateful hour of their lives.

"Everyone, I am not good at giving speeches," William said with a smile. "Today, we all stand here because we are not only fighting for ourselves, but also for others. We are fighting for friends, family, home, and country. We stand, in order to ensure that everything we hold sacred will not perish and burn in the fires of destruction.

"Right now, I see fear and doubt in your eyes, making you feel as if we have no chance of winning this war against those who want to destroy everything we hold dear. However, know this… I also feel the same."

The Kings, Emperors, as well as those who supported William felt like crying. They wanted to slap the Half-Elf in anger because instead of motivating them, he was making them feel more depressed.

This feeling of unease spread like wildfire, but before it could escalate, a laughter filled with myrth reverberated in the surroundings.

"Yes, I feel doubt and fear, just like each and everyone of you," William stated. "Saying otherwise would be lying to myself, and to all of you. However, know this. No matter what the Army of Destruction throws at us, we will emerge victorious! We will not lose! You ask, why?"

A moment of silence passed before William raised his right fist high up in the air, facing the heavens. Making everyone, even those at the Tower of Babylon look at him with hope.

"Because we are not alone!" William declared.

William's powerful roar echoed across the lands of Hestia, as if making everyone wake up from a long, and terrible dream.

"We will not fight alone! Fighting alongside you are your brothers and sisters at arms! Look around you!" William said as he pointed his finger in front of him, allowing his projection to point at everyone whose gaze was watching him in the heavens.

"Do you see the person on your left? How about the person on your right?" William asked. "Do you see the person in front of you, and the person at your back? Do you? Good! Brothers and Sisters, the people you are looking at right now are the strongest champions of the world!"

"They are this world's strongest warriors! This is the gathering of the world's strongest armies! No matter what the Army of Destruction throws at you, we will prevail! We will survive! We will emerge victorious!"

William spread his arms wide, making those who heard his words raise their heads as the blood inside their bodies boiled in preparation for battle.

"What are we going to do with the Army of Destruction?!" William asked.

"Kill!"

"I can't hear you!"

"""Kill!"""

"Louder!"

"'"KILL!"""

"'"KILL!"""

"'"KILL!"""

"'"KILL!"""

"'"KILL!"""

The soldiers tapped the butt of their spears on the ground, others slapped their swords on their shields.

While some stomped their feet on the ground.

The loud booming sound reverberated in the battlefield as the warriors of the world shouted their warcries, dispersing the feelings of fear, doubt, and anxiety on their hearts, replacing it with a burning flame that made their bodies feel hot, as the skies above their heads started to crack, telling them that their enemies had finally arrived at their doorstep.

William raised his hand once more as he rallied the entire world to fight.

The armies of the world answered him as they shouted their war cries, making the entire land tremble due to the sound of their voices.

—-------

The Void…

"Your Excellency, we are ready!" one of the Pseudo-Gods, who belonged to the Vanguard Army, reported.

"Break it!" Ahriman ordered. "Create a hole big enough for our entire army to pass through! Show these lowly mortals despair as they breathe their last breath! Make them agonize during their last moments due to their powerlessness in the face of absolute strength!"

The giants started to hack the void apart in order to create a gateway that would allow them to descend on the world of Hestia. In just a matter of seconds, giant cracks appeared in front of them as the Pseudo-Gods smashed their weapons against the fabric of space that separated the World of Hestia from the void.

Finally with one powerful blow, the sky of Hestia shattered.

The sounds of millions of crystal glasses breaking at the same time spread in the surroundings as the Giants all roared their battlecries in preparation for war.

"Advance!" Ahriman ordered. "Leave no mercy! Kill everything and anything that stands in your way! Destroy everything in sight and feast to your heart's content! Kill!"

"""Kill!"""

"""Kill!"""

"""Kill!"""

"""Kill!"""

The Pseudo-Gods, and Demigods all jumped down at the crack in the sky first before Ahriman followed.

Behind him, the hundred-thousand strong Army of Destruction wasn't far behind as they laughed out loud in preparation for the one-sided slaughter that they were about to partake in.

However, something unexpected happened.

As soon as Ahriman landed on the ground, he suddenly felt that something was wrong.

The surroundings suddenly became dark, as if the sun had disappeared from the sky.

However, after looking up, he finally realized why everything around him was dark.

Countless spells, numbering in the billions, blocked out the entire sky, and were about to fall on their formation without even any warning.

At that moment, Ahriman instinctively looked in the distance, and saw a red-headed teenager, who was sneering at him. It was impossible for Ahriman to forget the Half-Elf's face because he was the same person that made him lose his dignity as a God.

The Half-Elf, who had no idea that the God of Chaos and Darkness, who hated him so much, was among the giants in front of him,  opened his mouth to speak a few words, and these words rumbled in the surroundings like thunder.

"Eat Sh*t, Motherf*ckers!"

Those were the last words that the Giant Army heard before the billions of powerful spells that had been unleashed before they even landed on the ground, fell upon them like rain.

—----------------