Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Loud explosions resounded throughout the battlefield as the ground shook due to the concentrated fire power that landed on the same location that the Giants had made their landfall.

In just a matter of seconds, the bodies of countless Giants exploded as the powerful spells landed on their bodies.

What they received were not the only strongest spells of the mortal armies, but also the most powerful attacks of the Pseudo-Gods and Demigods that were fighting for the sake of their world.

Ahriman didn't expect to see such a greeting because this had never happened in the worlds that he had campaigned on when he joined the Army of Destruction nearly two years ago.

It was as if William had known exactly where they would appear, allowing him to give them a grand welcome, decimating their ranks before they could even take their first steps in the World of Hestia.

"Brace!" Ahriman shouted as he summoned a shield to protect himself from the spells that were about to land on his body.

However, the shield he had summoned only lasted for a second before it was dispersed completely.

His eyes widened in shock because he didn't know what had just happened. However, he didn't have the time to ponder what kind of foul means William used to prevent all the Giants from using their defensive spells to block the attacks that were raining down upon them.

Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Without even batting an eye, Ahriman grabbed the nearest Giant Pseudo-God beside him, and used his body as a shield to defend himself.

The Pseudo-God roared in anger, and tried to break free, but Ahriman's strength far surpassed his, making him unable to escape the former God's grasp.

Cries of surprise, anger, frustration, and pain escaped the Giants' lips as they found themselves unable to escape their fate.

Blood and pieces of flesh rose into the air like fountains as William's first bombardment ended.

"Fire!" William ordered as the next volley was unleashed without mercy.

A hundred thousand Giants composed of Myriad, Demigod, and Pseudo-Gods may seem like a huge number.

However, what they were facing were billions of warriors. Their ranks might have been weaker than their enemies, but their numbers and tenacity made up for it.

Also, William now had hundreds of Pseudo-Gods, and Demigods under his command, surpassing the numbers of High-Ranked Combatants in the Giant's Vanguard Army.

Simply put, the forces that Ahriman brought along with him didn't stand a chance from the very beginning.

The Army of Destruction numbered around ten million, and they sent only a hundred thousand of their warriors, thinking that it would be enough to break the resistance of the world they were about to invade.

Unfortunately, they weren't fighting a divided front, but a united one, making the Giants unable to fight like they usually did, which was to conquer one kingdom, or one empire one after the other until the final remnants of the survivors gathered to make their last stand, which the giants loved to see.

Seeing the desperation, and resignation, on the faces of the people of the world they were about to destroy gave them a sense of euphoria, making them enjoy the slaughter even more.

However, the tides had been turned. Now they were the ones that were being slaughtered and unable to even fight back due to the continuous bombardment that seemed unending.

As one giant died after the other, Ahriman hastily retreated, using anyone he could grab as a shield as he did his best to endure the one-sided beating they were experiencing for the first time.

When almost all the giants were extinguished, Ahriman roared in anger and activated his Return Crystal, allowing him to teleport back to the bulk of the main army.

This Crystal was given only to the Commanders of the Army of Destruction. None of them wanted to use it because doing so would make them the laughingstock of the entire army.

However, Ahriman was left with no choice but to do it, despite the possibility of being ridiculed by the three Gods of Destruction that had assigned him to lead the vanguard into battle.

Just as the last Giant fell on the ground dead, A beam of light shot upwards, leaving the World of Hestia behind.

That moment didn't escape the Half-Elf's eyes but he didn't pay it any mind. There was nothing that could be done about the matter, and he didn't want to worry about every little thing. He didn't know that the one that managed to escape was Ahriman and, even if he did, he still wouldn't have done anything to stop him.

Right now, he was the pillar of the world, and he couldn't just follow the God of Chaos and Darkness into the void, where the entirety of the Army of Destruction was waiting.

"Halt!" William ordered and the bombardment stopped.

Waving his right hand, the Half-Elf dispersed the dense smoke that was blocking their view, showing everyone the bodies of the dead Giants lying on the ground.

No one knew who started it, but a loud shout of triumph was heard. Soon, it spread like wildfire, making all the armies of the world shout as well.

They had won the first round of battle, and it bolstered their courage, giving them assurance that the possibility of winning existed.

They knew that this was only the beginning of the battle, and understood that the next batch of giants that invaded their world would be prepared for their special greeting. However, it didn't matter.

A victory, no matter how small, was still a victory.

As if waiting for that moment, William raised his right fist high in the air, making everyone's cheers grow louder.

Raising the army's morale was a good thing because it would grant them enough courage to face what was coming next.

The Half-Elf knew that the next wave wouldn't be so easy to overcome because the enemy knew what they were going to do now. However, he was fine with that.

They had prepared more surprises for their uninvited guests and hoped that by the time the real big shots arrived, they would have already decimated more than half of the Army of Destruction, allowing them a small chance of victory against the Gods of Destruction that made the hearts of other Gods tremble in fear.