Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"Swiper, don't go too far in!" Lindir shouted as the Giants started to go on a rampage in front of them.

"I know!" Swiper shouted as he slashed his sword towards the leg of the closest Giant, making it lose its balance. "He's down! Now everyone!"

The Demons and the Lizardmen unleashed their most powerful attacks and aimed it at the head of the Giant, making it scream in pain.

"You're finally dead, you f*cking bastard!" Swiper stated as he wiped the blood that spilled from the corner of his lips away with the back of his hand.

All of the armies had just recovered from the paralysis that they had encountered after the God of Destruction, Nergal, summoned his Insects to spread paralyzing spores throughout the battlefield.

Due to this, their defensive formations were crippled for a time, allowing the Giants to kill tens of thousands of warriors, who didn't have the ability to defend themselves.

"Hold the line! Don't let them break our formation, Oink!" Zhu ordered as he stood in front of the formation in his battle form.

The five-meter tall Pig Demon held his Nine-Toothed Rake and swatted the Giants who dared to come near the Human armies. Although the Giants were bigger than him, his strength had now stepped into the ranks of Demigod, after receiving the blessing of the Jade Emperor when they were freed from Hell.

Sha, who was also fighting by his side, summoned a giant fist made of sand and smashed it against the Giants who tried to attack Zhu from his blind spot. The two friends were fighting back to back, not allowing anyone to take advantage of them.

"Reminds you of old times, eh?" Zhu grinned fearlessly as he spun the weapon in his hand.

Sha chuckled as he summoned more giant fists made of sand around him. "Why do we always find ourselves in these kinds of situations? Every time this happens, we are only a step away from dying."

Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Zhu smirked as he looked at the Demigod Giant that was now charging in his direction.

"Sha, no matter what happens, don't die," Zhu said before engaging the Demigod Giant whose aim was to kill the mortals who were fighting desperately behind him.

"It is I who should be saying that, but nevermind," Sha commented as he faced two Demigods who singled him out from the ongoing chaos. "We'll have a drink after this battle is done."

"Sounds good!"

"I know, right?"

The two Demons, who had met William in the Heavenly Domain, had decided to participate in the battle as well.

In the past, the Jade Emperor offered for them to be reincarnated into well-off families, enjoying a peaceful and happy life in their next lives. However, Zhu and Sha turned down this offer and decided to go to William's world and accompany the Half-Elf who had paid for their freedom without asking for anything in return.

Now that Nergal was fighting against Thorfinn, the mortal armies could finally focus on the foes in front of them.

Although they were at a disadvantage, none of them backed down because there was no place to escape to. Once they lost, everything they held sacred would be destroyed.

"Griffin Cavalry, ready!" the Captain of the Griffon Cavalry shouted. "Charge!"

Thousands of Griffins descended from the sky as their riders unleashed a barrage of magical spells, bombarding the Giants from above.

"Dragon Knights, advance!" a Dragoon roared as he ordered his Dragon to dive down from the sky.

He then fearlessly impaled the head of one of the Giants, killing it before another Giant grabbed him off his mount and ate him whole. His Dragon mount cried out in anger and pain before unleashing a Dragon's Breath at the one who killed its Master and friend.

It managed to kill the Giant, but another Giant hacked its body in two.

Similar scenes were happening everywhere as battles on the land and in the sky were being waged simultaneously.

The Giants were surprised because although they had met a lot of resistance on the other worlds that they had destroyed, the armies they were fighting now were using teamwork and strategy to hold them at bay.

"Die you f*cking maggots!" Sharur cursed as Chiffon brandished him to smash the head of a Giant, turning it into meat paste. "Bunch of weaklings!"

The pink-haired Giant was at the forefront of the battle, targeting strong foes in order to prevent them from killing more of her allies.

"Shatter the Firmament!" Lilith shouted as she, too, hacked several Giants to pieces using the weapon in her hands. "Gleipnir!"

A rain of blood fell around her as dozens of Giants died by her hands. Not far from her, Superbia and Invidia, were also fighting, killing every Giant that came their way.

"Erinys, fly us a little closer," Shannon ordered.

"Yes!" Erinys replied as she maneuvered her flying ship close to where the Giants were.

After making sure that none of their allies would be caught up in what she was about to do, Shannon removed the fox mask covering her face and stared at the giants with a crazed look on their face.

"Fall into Despair," Shannon said as her purple eyes glowed brightly. "Nightmare Lorelei!"

Immediately, dozens of giants stabbed their own chests using their weapons as they committed suicide.

The Eighth Deadly Sin of the World, Despond, which many know as Despair, was said to be the only sin that couldn't be forgiven.

The act of taking one's own life was the greatest sin in the world, and that was the power that fell under Shannon's Domain, making her a very deadly being for both allies and foes alike.

The ladies who bore the sins of the world, had decided to form an elite team, fighting and defending each other in the chaotic war that was happening around them.

"What are you doing?! We're allies!" one of the Giants exclaimed as his chest was stabbed by another Giant, who was fighting by his side. "You Traitor! Ack!"

The Demigod Giant didn't even bother to give a reply as he sliced off the head of his former comrade before starting a bloodbath around him.

"Kill them all my cute little pets!" Princess Sidonie ordered as hundreds of Giants under her control turned their weapons against their former comrades and started a massacre. "Show them no mercy!"

Princess Sidonie whose power was Lust, could easily charm anyone below the Pseudo-God rank, after she had awakened her full powers. Just like Shannon, she was a great ally, and a fearsome enemy, making the members of the alliance thank the Gods that the two young women were on their side.

As Erinys' ship flew over the battlefield, several giants, who were not targeted by Shannon, and Princess Sidonie, fell to the ground, asleep.

Acedia, who was lying on the deck of the flying ship, was sending out powerful pheromones in the air, making her enemies drowsy, and unable to continue fighting.

These Giants didn't even wake up from their slumber as the Humans, Elves, Demons, Dwarves, Beastkins, and other warriors hacked,and stabbed their bodies, killing them in their sleep.

Dark flames raged in the surroundings as Celine hovered in the air.

As the embodiment of Wrath, her powers could make her go berserk at any moment and destroy everything around her.

However, after she had given birth, she had finally discovered how to fully control her power, so it only targeted those whom she deemed to be her enemy.

Oliver and Baba Yaga, who had now both turned into Pseudo-Gods, were fighting alongside Celine. She was very important to them, and they would not allow anyone, not even the Gods of Destruction to hurt her, especially now that she was a mother.

Ciel, her son, was currently under the custody of someone powerful, so the beautiful Elf no longer needed to hold back and fought to protect the world, where her son would grow up.

As the members of the Deadly Sin worked hand in hand, causing a one-sided slaughter in one part of the battlefield, another great battle was being waged a mile away from them.

Riding on the flying Flagship of the Holy Order of Life were none other than the Heavenly Virtues, whose might equaled that of the Sins, making them one of the trump cards in the ongoing battle for the survival of the world.