Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"Too slow!" Lira sneered as she zigzagged across the battlefield, chopping off the heads of the Myriad Ranked giants that were moving at a snail's pace around her.

As a Half Angel, and Half Human, she was one of the strongest fighters among the members of the Heavenly Virtues when it came to close and ranged combat.

Her ability was to slow down her opponents, while increasing her own speed, allowing her to become the fastest person on the battlefield.

She was wielding one of the Demi Weapons that had been invented by all the great minds of Hestia, allowing her to face off against Demigods and, to a certain extent, Pseudo-Gods as well.

"Don't get too excited and dive too deep, Lira," Ephemera warned as she raised her sword high above her head, aiming at the cluster of giants in front of their flying ship.

"I AM... JUSTICE!"

A powerful blast erupted from the tip of her weapon, as the Virtuous Lady of Justice slashed down at her foes.

All the Giants, with the exceptions of Pseudo-Gods, that stood in the way of her attack were instantly obliterated due to its unstoppable might.

Her ability allowed her to increase her strength multiple times as long as she believed that she was fighting on the side of Justice.

Just like Lira, she was also wielding a Demi-Weapon in her hands, allowing her to kill the Higher-Ranked fighters of the Army of Destruction.

Audrey stood at the deck, alongside Cherry and Melody.

Her Virtue was Fortitude, and her power was to give everyone courage even in the face of great adversity, the surprising fact about her power was that it gave the opposite effect to those who were deemed her enemies, lowering their morale and making them too fearful to fight back.

There was a saying that Morale won wars, and this was very true. An army whose morale was at an all time high could overpower their enemy due to their tenacity. Likewise, an army without morale would easily feel fear when facing an enemy who was not afraid to die.

"Everyone, don't give up!" Cherry pressed her hands together, and prayed from the deck of the flying flying ship, dispersing particles of lights into her surroundings.

Soon, these lights descended on the battle that was happening on the ground, healing the wounded soldiers, and boosting the strength of her allies.

The little girl's virtue was Charity, which allowed her to buff and heal those whom she deemed to be her allies.

Her healing abilities were so high, that it even surpassed Princess Aila's Life Magic by a great margin. Because of this, William's mother, as well as the Saintess of the World Tree, personally trained Cherry, so that she could use her power to the fullest potential.

In fact, the purpose of the Flagship of the Holy Order of Light was to heal their allies, as well as boost their morale.

The other Virtues role was to protect Cherry, as they circled around the battlefield, helping their allies recover from their injuries.

"Three Pseudo-Gods at three o'clock!" Shana warned as she maneuvered the flying ship to make evasive maneuvers in order to get out of their tricky situation.

Her virtue was Prudence, allowing her to predict, and calculate things with great accuracy, allowing her to make sound decisions in less than a second. Because of this, her role was to become the navigator of their Flagship, allowing them to fight, and flee, without endangering any of her sisters.

Melody, clasped her hands together and prayed. Her power was Faith, allowing her to manifest miracles as long as the faith of those around her didn't waver.

A moment later, over a hundred winged angels, holding weapons in their hands appeared around their flying ship. As soon as they were summoned, these angels immediately attacked the Giants, making sure that none of them got near the flying ship, whose major role was to buff their allies, and debuff their enemies.

"Everyone is doing their best," William muttered as he also zigzagged across the battlefield, fighting the Pseudo-Gods that belonged to the Gods of Destruction.

"That's why, we should do our best too," Celeste said softly.

Right now, she was merged with William, doubling his strength in battle.

Her Virtue was Chastity, and it had a special feature.

When she was fighting alongside the person whom she had surrendered her purity to, that person's might would double, allowing him to overcome his limit.

This was why the Half-Elf decided to use Familia Fusion with Celeste as he singled out the strongest enemies on the battlefield, killing them as fast as he could, while Thorfin dealt with Nergal.

He knew that although Thorfinn had been acknowledged by Mjolnir, his strength alone was not enough to defeat the God of Destruction.

This was why the Half-Elf was doing his best to decrease the overall strength of the Army of Destruction, while Thorfinn held Nergal at bay for the time being.

Just as he was about to kill another Pseudo-God giant, he heard a hateful roar not far from him.

"You bastard Half-Elf! I'll kill you!"

Ahriman, who had also descended from the void to find the opportunity to kill William, had noticed the Half-Elf going deep inside the Army of Destruction's formation, hunting for Pseudo-Gods to kill.

Because of this, the God of Chaos and Destruction, whose might was at the peak of the Pseudo-God Realm, didn't think twice and focused his attention on the person that made his life miserable.

"Ahriman...," William's eyes turn cold as his gaze locked on the approaching Giant. "Finally you've shown yourself!"

The Half-Elf immediately changed his target and flew towards the person that killed his friends, familiars, and wives.

Just as Ahriman hated the Half-Elf, William hated Ahriman with a vengeance.

They simply couldn't co-exist under the same sky, so they immediately engaged each other in battle.

With the help of Celeste's Divinity, the Half-Elf's strength was also at the peak of the Pseudo-God Rank, matching Ahriman's current strength.

The moment the two of them clashed, a powerful shockwave erupted in their surroundings, sending Giants flying in every direction.

"I'll kill you!" Ahriman roared as he brandished his weapon towards the Half-Elf, who had summoned the golden metallic staff in his hand.

"The one who is going to die is you!" William sneered as he smashed his staff against the giant sword, which created another shockwave, making the ground under them shatter.

While the powerhouses were fighting against each other, Ouwo and Surtr, who were observing the battle from the Void, had their arms crossed over their chest.

"They are having this much trouble with just a million giants," Ouwo commented. "I expected more from this so-called resistance. It seems that we overestimated this world's capabilities."

Surtr remained silent as he watched the battles between Thorfinn, Nergal, William, and Ahriman.

These four were currently the strongest fighters in the battlefield, and from what he could see, they still had the upper hand in the battle.

The mortal armies that numbered in the billions, were like sheep just waiting to be slaughtered. Although they were many, the difference in strength was apparent.

In Ouwo's eyes, the only reason why the mortals were able to hold on was because the defenders of Hestia were only facing a tenth of their overall strength.

If the entire Army of Destruction were to descend upon the world, their futile resistance would be over in the blink of an eye.

Thorfinn, who was fighting off against Nergal, was slowly being pushed back by the God of Destruction, making the latter laugh out loud.

The disparity in strength and Divinity was something that couldn't be overcome just because of willpower, and this was why Ouwo was confident that even if the Army that Nergal brought with him perished, the God of Pestilence and Disease would still emerge victorious in the end.

Suddenly, a beam of light appeared out of nowhere and collided with Nergal's chest, pushing him back hundreds of meters before the God of Destruction managed to regain his footing.

Nergal frowned as he looked at his chest which stung a bit due to the attack that he had received.

'That hurt a bit,' Nergal thought before glancing in the direction where the sudden attack came from.

From the dark clouds covering the sky, a Giant floating island emerged.

Standing on top of its ramparts was a Dracolich, whose eyes locked on the God of Destruction who received his surprise attack.

"Sorry I'm late," Malacai announced as the Final Fortress of Humanity, Avalon, made its appearance on the battlefield.

Since the day that he had parted ways with William, the Dracolich had gone to the most dangerous places of the world to collect Divine Relics that were left by the Gods during the Great War thousands of years ago.

"What took you so long?" William complained as he and Ahriman distanced themselves from each other the moment the giant flying fortress made its appearance.

"Now is not the time for complaints, Will," the Dracolich chuckled before pointing at the Army of Destruction in front of him.

"To arms, my brethren!" the Dracolich shouted. "Brave warriors of the world, twilight falls and the enemy awaits!"ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

The gates of Avalon opened, and millions of undead warriors marched out of it. Nuckelavee, as well as the four other champions of the Undead glared at the Giants as they waited for Malacai's order to attack.

On the walls of the flying fortress, thousands of magical artifacts lit up as the defenses of Avalon came to life.

"Invaders from the void, disappear from existence!" Malacai roared as the Divine Relics of the Last Fortress of Humanity unleashed their might.

"Soli Deo Gloria!"

For that brief moment, all the sound in the world disappeared completely.

What followed next was an earth-shaking explosion, decimating half of the Army of Destruction, making the God of Pestilence and Disease bellow in anger.