Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

William stood at the forefront of the battlefield with countless Dungeon Monsters around him.

The Dungeon Conqueror Job Class could only exist once every generation. Only one could wield the power to subjugate Dungeons and use their power to subjugate others in turn.

Those who wielded this profession were feared by many due to the overwhelming fighting force that they could command at any given time.

The rulers of the various nations would do their best to befriend, honey trap, or just turn a blind eye on their actions, in fear that he would turn his Monster Army in their direction, and wipe their kingdom from the face of the world.

"Everyone, listen to me and listen closely," William said as he faced the Army of Destruction in front of him.

He didn't need to turn back because his voice was carried by the wind, informing all of those who were trying to protect their world from destruction.

"We are now facing the army that has destroyed countless worlds," William stated. "An army that has ended countless lives, and is proficient in killing people."

The faces of everyone who heard the Half-Elf's words became grim despite the fact that Audrey's Morale Boost was still active.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Even though they were feeling more courageous now, the seed of fear in their hearts had taken root ever since the Army of Destruction had arrived. Despite the blessing of the Virtuous Lady of Fortitude, there was no way to wipe it away completely.

William understood that, so he positioned himself, and his Dungeon Monsters at the forefront of the battle to act as the vanguard.

"They who have been bred and born for war are the ultimate killing machines." William slowly raised his right hand, which was holding Ruyi Jingu Bang, and held it high. "But, what of it? Our brothers, and sisters, still fought them bravely, and killed thousands of them. This proves that they are not invincible. We are only ants in their eyes, and yet, these ants managed to kill them."

Ruyi Jingu Bang glowed brightly, showering the Half-Elf with a golden radiance that pierced through the red mists that now hung over their head, turning the world crimson red, devoid of all colors, except the color of Destruction.

"Pitiful ants, who still don't understand your current situation," Owuo shouted, interrupting William as he was empowering his troops with his words. "The Flames of Destruction soon shall fall upon you all. No matter how much you struggle, no matter how much you resist your fate, the Army of Destruction will prevail, and all that stand against us will DIE! Let the skies turn red with the blood of the fallen! Let them hear the Voice of Destruction!"

All the Giants raised their weapons and shouted their warcries, making all the members of the Alliance grit their teeth as the fear in their hearts started to rise to the surface.

Even Audrey, who still had her hands clasped together and boosting her allies, also started to feel fear take root in her heart.

"I have fought alongside Demons, Elves, Dwarves, Gnomes, Drows, Beastkins, Humans, and other races," William's shout broke everyone out of their daze, and made everyone once again look at him, who was still standing tall despite the inevitable fate that was about to fall upon their heads.

"I have fought against Demigods, when I was barely a teen," William declared as a long red cape, that seemed to have a life of its own, appeared on his back and fluttered in the breeze. "I have fought Pseudo-Gods, when I was in my late teens."

Several golden bangles appeared on his hands, as the radiance of the golden staff in his hands intensified.

"I have fought against Gods in the past and managed to survive by a hair's breadth," William stated as a golden circlet adorned his head. "And now, I stand before all of you here as proof that even lowly mortals like us can rise and challenge them!"

William then pointed his golden staff at the Army of Destruction as the power of the Monkey King flowed inside his body.

"All of you who dare to destroy our world, you are not facing a single man!" William roared. "You face not only me, but all the Champions of this world! The fact that you brought your entire army just to face us pitiful mortals is proof that you know our strength. Gods of Destruction, do you really think that we will just allow you to slaughter us, and not put up a fight?"

William gave the Gods of Destruction the middle finger before throwing the golden staff high up in the air.

"I call upon the Great Sage that Equals Heaven!" William shouted. "One who defies the laws of Heaven and stands against all opposition! Come down and show these bastards who the most badass monkey in the universe is! Let them know who is the one, and only, Monkey King!"

A fearless laughter echoed from the sky as Ruyi Jingu bang was grasped mid-air by its true owner. Who held it firmly in his hands.

"All of you remember my name!" Sun Wukong shouted as he landed in front of William, looking so badass it made the Half-Elf smirk. "I am the Great Sage that Equals Heavens! The one and only handsome Monkey King!"

Sun Wukong laughed as his fiery golden eyes glowed brightly. "Let's go, Will. Let's go Nuts!"

William pointed his finger at the Army of Destruction and all of the Dungeon Monsters under his command all prepared themselves to advance.

"Slaughter all the foes that stand before me!" William ordered. "Go! My King's Legion!"

A great surge of Monsters advanced forward, as countless portals continually opened behind William.

"Angorian War Sovereigns, prepare for battle!" a young man shouted as he pointed his lance at the Army of Destruction. Behind him were the members of the Order that William had founded in the Hellan Royal Academy.

These past few years, their numbers swelled, as they rallied to the name of their founder, William Von Ainsworth, who was also now the Leader of the Alliance.

He was just a commoner in the past, but now, he was a full-fledged Knight Commander of The Angorian War Sovereign's Gryphon Brigade.

His name was Dave.

He was the Crusader of the Sky and the first person that William Knighted.

Right beside him was the Wyvern Rider, Drake Vi Craig, who had also been Knighted by the Half-Elf.

"Charge!" Dave ordered and all the members of William's Personal Order flew, riding their Hippogriffs, Gryphons, and Wyverns, as they charged fearlessly at the giants, alongside their leaders' King's Legion.

Sun Wukong, and William were at the forefront of the charge, rekindling the courage that had started to waver in everyone's hearts.

William roared as he swung his weapon to unleash a powerful blast, annihilating the Giants that blocked his path.

"For The Alliance!"

The mortal armies of Hestia also raised their weapons high up in the air as they also charged forward, assisting the Half-Elf into battle.

Making the Giants, who thought that they would participate in a one-sided slaughter, feel the ground shake underneath their very feet.