Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"This is more like it!" Owuo smirked as he transformed into a one-eyed giant, with long white hair flowing behind his back.

He looked like a combination of a Cyclops, an Ogre, and a Demon, whose fangs protruded from his mouth, making him look ferocious.

The God of Death, who was also hailed as a Destroyer, was a God that enjoyed killing mortals. Seeing that his prey was charging towards him made his blood boil as the power of his Divinity slowly rose to the surface.

"Will, I'll deal with Owuo," Sun Wukong stated after seeing the God's transformation. "He's a handful, and I'm the only one that can contain him. You deal with that Fire Giant over there."

"Got it." William had already set his sights on Surtr before the charge even started.

He and the Fire God had a history, and among the three Gods of Destruction, the one he wanted to fight the most was Surtr.

The Fire Giant had killed his wives Wendy and Chiffon in their past life.

The Half-Elf's body glowed in a silvery light as the color of his hair also changed into silver.

Stormcaller, Soleil, the Tablets of Creation, all hovered around his body, ready to assist him at a moment's notice.

A radiant silver spear appeared in William's hand, which he would use as a weapon to slay the God in front of him.

But, before that could happen, he would have to dive deep in the enemy's formation because Surtr simply stood unmoving at its center with his arms crossed over his chest.

It was only Owuo, and Nergal who had decided to engage them in battle.

Even Ahriman stood beside Surtr, as if he knew who the Half-Elf's real target was.

Just as William was about to clash with the first Giant in front of him, a pink-haired giantess appeared beside the Half-Elf, and swung the mace in her hand, sending all the Giants in front of her flying.

"Will, I'll fight with you!" Chiffon declared in a tone that wouldn't take no for an answer.

"Sure," William replied as he continued past his wife, whose eyes had also locked into the Fire Giant in the distance.

Erinys' flying ship had also charged to the frontlines, carrying the Sinful Ladies of the world.

The Flagship of the Holy Order of Light was set in the center of the Human armies, providing them with buffs, raising their morale, strengthening their bodies, and increasing their speed.

Lira and Ephemera wanted to fight alongside William, but they couldn't leave their sisters, who didn't specialize in battle, behind.

Melody had already created a legion of angels around the flying ship, who flew to the frontlines in order to assist the vanguard.

"Calm down, Lira, Ephemera," Shana said as she controlled the Flagship of the Holy Order. "We all have our roles to play. Trust our husband, he will definitely push through the enemy ranks without fail."

Lira and Ephemera nodded their heads at the same time.

For them, William was the strongest fighter in the Alliance. Unless the Gods of Destruction personally fought him, none of the Giants and their minions could hope to defeat him.

Perhaps, knowing this fact as well, Owuo headed in William's direction, but he was stopped by a gigantic golden staff that was about to swat him from above.

"You pesky monkey!" Owuo roared as he smashed his fist against Ruyi Jingu Bang, pushing it back for hundreds of meters. "I've heard a lot about you. You're the most arrogant and annoying being in existence!"

Sun Wukong recovered his balance mid-air and returned his weapon to its normal size before looking down on the God of Destruction whose strength far surpassed him.

"It is only normal for you to hear my exalted name because I am famous," Sun Wukong replied. "However, even if you are a God of Destruction, I haven't heard anything about you."

"Hah! That's because all that have seen me have died in my hands!" Owuo declared. "Mortals, Pseudo-Gods, and even Gods have been unable to withstand my might. You will also suffer the same fate as them. I'll add your dead body to my collection!"

"Well, judging from how bad your breath is, I suppose they died because of your bad breath. As for adding my dead body to your collection, that isn't going to happen. Why? Because you will not be able to kill me."

"Hahaha! I'm going to enjoy ripping that tongue out of your lips!"

Without another word, the two clashed once again, destroying everything around them as their fists, and weapons collided.

Thorfinn and Malacai teamed up to deal with Nergal, who was once again summoning a horde of poisonous insects.

The Dracolich soared to the skies and unleashed 9th Circle Spells, destroying the insect horde that the God of Pestilence and Disease planned on using against their allies.

Thorfinn thew Mjolnir towards the Nergal's head, but the latter blocked it with the Lion-Head Mace in his hand.

The young man wasn't daunted as his weapon flew back to him, calling forth the power of thunder and lightning.

"Lightning Tempest!" Thorfinn roared as he unleashed a powerful blast of lightning towards the God of Destruction, making the latter take a step back due to the force behind the attack.

The Army of Destruction, as well as the Mortal Armies had steered clear of the battles of the Gods of Destruction because they didn't want to get hit by stray attacks that could potentially kill them.

"F*ck this I'm out!" Swiper cursed as a giant almost stomped on him with its giant foot due to the chaotic battle that was happening around them.

The Demonic Boar hurriedly made a hasty retreat, but was kicked in the back by Lindir who was fighting not far from him, forcing him back to the frontlines.

The two were forced to fight back to back due to the sheer numbers of the enemy they were facing at the moment.

Fortunately, the supportive spell barrage of their allies was doing wonders, allowing the front line fighters to take a short breather from time to time.

Due to their sheer size, most of the Giants decided to use it to their advantage and simply stomped, kicked, and brandished their giant weapons, killing hundreds of people with a single blow.

However, their size was also a weakness. Since they towered above the mortal armies, the Magic Cannons, as well as the other powerful artifacts of the Alliance, blasted them one by one, hitting the upper part of their bodies, completely missing the warriors of the alliance, who were smaller than them.

Surtr, who was at the very center of the Army of Destruction, shifted his attention to the pink-haired Giantess, who was making her way towards him.

For some reason, he could vaguely remember a similar event in the past when one of the members of the Giant race decided to brandish their weapons against him.

However, since his rank was far higher than that Giantess in the past, he didn't understand why the latter chose to fight him to the death, instead of joining his army, giving her a path of survival.

"Ah..." Surtr suddenly recalled where he had seen the pink-haired Giant.

A moment later, he shifted his attention on the silver-haired Half-Elf who was brandishing his weapon left and right, also making a path through the Giant army, and heading in his direction.

"So, you're that boy."

The corner of Surtr's lips rose as he remembered the silver-haired Einherjar who was the last one to die in the battle in Asgard.

"It seems that Fate hates you so much," Surtr muttered as he turned his gaze away from the Half-Elf who was currently fighting an uphill battle to reach his location.

The moment he had stepped foot in Hestia, he understood that there was no one in it that could be his match.

The moment he unsheathed his weapon, the world would burn in the Flames of Destruction leaving nothing behind, but a memory that would soon fade over time.

The only reason why he wasn't drawing his weapon at the moment was to allow the Army of Destruction to kill to their heart's content.

The blood that flowed like rivers on the ground, that belonged to their allies and enemies, would empower their bodies, allowing them to grow stronger. That was how the Army of Destruction became stronger, allowing them to gain Demigods and Pseudo-Gods, further bolstering their Army.

'This is good,' Surtr thought as he observed the battle around him. 'So many strong fighters. I'm sure that when this war is over, thousands of Demigods will be born, and hundreds of Pseudo-Gods will emerge.'

The Fire Giant had destroyed many worlds, and had fought against many Gods.

For him, William's futile attempt to resist the inevitable was praiseworthy, but in the end, he, and the mortals of the world would only serve as kindling to make the fires that burned in their hearts grow stronger.

However, just as Surtr was observing the rest of the battlefield, he felt something approaching him at great speeds, making him move his head to the side, dodging a radiant silver spear that was aimed at the center of his forehead.

"Do I finally have your attention?" William asked as the silver spear returned in his hand. "Don't look away, Surtr. Your head is mine!"

Ahriman who stood beside the Fire Giant snorted after hearing William's words. If the one that the Half-Elf was fighting against was him, he might have a chance of winning, but against Surtr, the red-headed teenager could only daydream.

Even so, the Fire Giant's gaze no longer looked in another direction, but locked on the Half-Elf who was glaring at him from a distance.

"Ahriman, deal with that boy," Surtr ordered. "He's the one you wanted to take revenge on, right? Take him out and earn your place within the Army of Destruction."

"I would do that even if you didn't tell me to," Ahriman replied.

He started to walk in William's direction because he wanted to fight against the Half-Elf, and make him wake up to the reality that their hope of winning this war didn't exist.

------