Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Ahriman decreased his size until he was only three meters tall.

Right now, his strength was on par with the Half-Elf he was planning to fight. This reality made Ahriman feel very bitter.

In the past, he was a powerful Primordial God, but after being sealed for thousands of years, his strength had degraded a lot. Also, when he lost his Divine body, and only his soul remained, his chance of reaching Godhood once more would heavily rely on luck.

Only if he could possess a Divine body that would fit his soul perfectly, his ascendance would become a reality.

This was why he had gone to the Army of Destruction in order to find a suitable body for him in the worlds that they were about to destroy.

However, the only body that could temporarily hold his Divine Soul at the moment was the body he was currently using. Although it wasn't perfect, it allowed Ahriman to have a physical body, which boosted his ability to unleash a portion of his powers once more.

William frowned because he didn't really want to fight Ahriman. He could only use his God Slaying powers for a short period of time, and if he used it against the former God of Chaos and Darkness, he might not have enough strength left to deal with Surtr, who was the God of Destruction he wanted to fight the most.

"You've been looking at Surtr as if you have the ability to kill him," Ahriman commented as he summoned two swords in his hands. "But, do you really think you will be able to get past me?"

The frown on William's face deepened as he shifted his gaze to Ahriman, who was looking at him with a sneer.

'It's impossible for me to defeat Ahriman unless I activate my Godslaying powers,' William thought. 'If I don't give him the killing blow, he will just escape like last time. I need to end him right here, but if I do that, how will I be able to fight Surtr?'

The Half-Elf was currently faced with a hard decision. Although he wanted to ignore Ahriman and just head straight to the God of Destruction to fight him head-on, Surtr was at the center of the giant formation, which was also filled with Pseudo-God Ranked Giants, making it impossible for him to fight him one on one.

Also, Chiffon and his other wives were fighting not far from him.

If he decided to just attack Surtr, there was a chance that Ahriman would target them instead, which was something he didn't want to happen.

Ahriman didn't care what William was thinking. However, after seeing that the Half-Elf wasn't moving, he took the initiative to charge in his mortal enemy's direction in order to take his revenge on him.

Strong gusts of wind erupted around them as William parried Ahriman's blow and followed up with a counterattack.

The blow he delivered was blocked by Ahriman's other sword, and the two repeatedly exchanged blows, as they zigzagged across the skies.

"I admit that I am surprised that you managed to unite the entire world to fight as one," Ahriman said after distancing himself from his opponent. "However, it is all for naught. Everything you've planned will be thwarted because you are making a big mistake."

"Oh? Then how about you enlighten me what this big mistake is?" William asked.

He could feel that Ahriman's words had substance in them, so he wanted to know what the former God of Chaos and Destruction was talking about.

"Look around you," Ahriman replied. "Even now, your entire army is at a great disadvantage in this war."

William gave a side-long glance in his surroundings to better understand what Ahriman was talking about.

Currently, Nergal was fighting against Thorfinn, Malacai, and Leviathan.

The Overlord of the Sea had joined the battle because Nergal was using powerful spells that, if avoided by Thorfinn or Malacai, would directly hit the Armies of the Alliance behind them, forcing the two to block his attacks with everything they had.

Because of this, Leviathan decided to join the two in fighting against the God of Death and Pestilence, preventing him from having his way.

Owuo and Sun Wukong's battle was also getting intense with the Monkey King getting pushed back with every clash they made.

In order to give the Monkey King a breather, Tarasque joined in the fight against Owuo, barely holding the Destructive God at bay.

The high-level combatants of each side were also duking it out with each other.

But, the fact still remained that William's Pseudo-Gods that numbered in the hundreds, still fell short of the thousands of Pseudo-Gods under the Army of Destruction.

The disparity between Demigods was also clear. Even though the Half-Elf had hundreds of them, the Army of Destruction had tens of thousands.Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

The disparity in fighting force was very obvious, but thanks to the Demi-Weapons that were made by the great minds of the alliance, they were able to fight back to a certain extent.

However, William understood that if this continued, their defeat was guaranteed.

"Even if we are a disadvantage, we will still not lose that easily," William said as the radiance of his silver spear intensified. The Half-Elf had decided to use a fraction of his God Slaying powers in order to settle the score with Ahriman in the quickest way possible in order to help the others deal with their enemies.

"There, that is the thing that I am talking about." Ahriman sneered. "Do you really think that the entire Army of Destruction is only composed of Surtr, Owuo, Nergal, and these ten million giants here? How naive of you."

As if waiting for that cue, the sound of tens of thousands of glasses breaking at the same time reverberated in the surroundings making William, and his allies subconsciously shudder after feeling the presences that were coming from above their heads.

A moment later, the sound of screeching reached their ears. The flying beasts of the Alliance all felt the danger coming from above, so they immediately took a hasty retreat in order to regroup.

Fortunately, they acted in time because a minute later, countless Bat-like Monsters emerged from the red mists and flew towards the flying cavalries of the different nations in order to start a bloodbath.

Knowing that there was no other way but to fight, the Gryphons, Dragons, Hippogrifffsff, Wyverns, and other flying beasts all clashed with the uninvited monsters, making blood, and dead bodies rain from the sky.

These Demonic Giant Bats were known as Camazotz, and they were the Death Bats of Hell.

However, it was not yet over. On the ground, the earth shook, and split apart, sending hellish flames to rise up to the surface.

Countless three-meter-tall humanoid, twin-headed beasts, emerged from the cracked earth, and roared ferociously, announcing their presence on the battlefield.

Alongside the three-meter-tall beasts, A one-eyed giant emerged with bat-like wings protruding from its back. In his right hand was a flaming whip, and in his left was a sword that was as black as the night.

Although it wasn't a God, its rank was at the peak of the Pseudo-God Realm, making everyone tremble in his presence.

​ "Balor and his Demogorgons!" Sun Wukong hissed after seeing the monstrous beasts that had appeared on the land. "No good! They will overpower the land armies with their numbers!"

However, before the Monkey King could even offer assistance to those that were on the ground, a giant fist smashed into his body, which sent him flying towards a mountain, destroying it completely.

"You're fighting against a God and you dare to look away?" Owuo laughed. "As expected of a Monkey, you're pretty stupid aren't you? As for you… you're next!"

Owuo lunged at Tarrasque, who didn't back away and faced the giant God of Destruction fearlessly. The land continued to split apart as the two of them exchanged blows. Each time they clashed, the Dragon-like Tarasque, who was known as the strongest Pseudo-God that lorded over the lands of Hestia, was being pushed away.

Clearly, it wasn't the Owuo's match, and was simply holding on for as long as he could until the Monkey King returned to help him.

As if the Camazotz and Demogorgons that numbered in the millions wasn't enough, three more Divine Presences, that wouldn't lose to Surtr, Nergal, and Owuo also appeared on the battlefield.

William's face became extremely grim after the three new Gods hovered in the sky and looked down on the chaotic battle that was currently happening in the air and on the ground.

"Times have changed, boy." Ahriman laughed mockingly at the despair that washed over the armies of the Alliance, as the other members of the Army of Destruction emerged in front of them.

"This is not the same Army of Destruction that you knew!" Ahriman laughed before charging at the Half-Elf to once again engage him in close combat. "Now die knowing that everything you have done was all for naught!"

William was so shocked by what was happening in his surroundings that he wasn't able to react on time to intercept Ahriman's sudden attack.

However, just before the Demonic God's sword could even pierce through the Half-Elf's flesh, a soft hum reached William's and Ahriman's ears.

A second later, Ahriman roared as he forcefully used both of his swords in order to block a silver spear that was aimed at his chest, where his heart was located.

The blow behind the attack was so strong that Ahriman crashed towards the ground, creating a crater that was dozens of meters wide.

The spear shone brightly as it trailed across the sky, making the Army of Destruction, as well as the Alliance, look at it as if they were mesmerized.

It didn't take long before the shining silver spear returned to its owner, who caught it easily with his right hand.

High above the heavens, mounted on top of an eight-legged horse, was an old man, who was often called a bandit by those who knew him, looking down on the battlefield with a faint smile on his face.