Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Surtr and Tiamat clashed, which resulted with one of her seven heads being sliced off her body.

However, in exchange, the other Dragon Heads buried their razor sharp teeth in the Fire Giant's body, holding him in place.

Even his right hand, which was holding his flaming sword, had been bitten, preventing the Fire Giant from making any further moves.

The Half-Elf who was waiting for this opportunity appeared behind Surtr's head and prepared to stab him from behind.

However, before he could even initiate his attack, the Fire Giant did something unexpected. Surtr smacked the Half-Elf's body using the back of his head, which forced the latter to defend at the last second.

Just like a tennis ball being hit by a racket, the Half-Elf's body smashed into the ground, creating a crater, making blood spurt from his mouth.

The Fire giant then kneed the Dragon, pushing its body a little, allowing his right hand to break free.

A second later, another one of the Dragon's heads was cut off from her body, turning into particles of light.

With one mighty roar, the five remaining heads unleashed a Dragon Breath at point blank range, blasting the giant in front of her.

Surtr was blown away by the attack, which made his body fall over the Half-Elf, who was still struggling to prop himself up from the ground, due to the latest injury he received.

Seeing that he no longer had the leeway to waste any time, William gritted his teeth as he turned into a lightning bolt, skidding on the ground in order to evade the body of the Fire Giant that was about to fall on top of him.

Flaming rocks, and molten lava, rose in the air as the Fire Giant fell on his back.

The seven-headed dragon gave another deafening roar, as it prepared to unleash another Dragon Breath to annihilate the God before it.

Without any warning, Surtr threw his flaming sword at one of the Dragon's seven heads, slicing it off from her body.

A pained cry emerged from the four remaining heads before unleashing four Dragon Breaths at the same time.

The Fire Giant didn't have time to retrieve his weapon, so what he did was to roll on the ground, evading the breath attack, which left large patches of burning magma on the ground, making it look like a scene from hell.

In fact, the entire section of the battlefield where William, Tiamat, and Surtr were fighting had already been set ablaze, which reminded the Half-Elf of the River of Hell in the Underworld.

Even so, as a Fire Giant, Surtr had a very high resistance against fire, but Tiamat's Divine flames still did a good number on him.

Parts of Surtr's armor were destroyed when he received Tiamat's full-powered attacks earlier. However, despite having minor injuries, the Fire Giant wasn't too bothered because his flames could regenerate his body, allowing it to recover gradually.

William, who was watching this scene from a distance, raised his left hand to summon the seven tablets of creation, whose lights were already dim.

He had already used up most of its Divinity, so he could no longer summon any of the wills residing in it.

But, William thought of a plan to overcome this hurdle as he gathered the Divinity in his body.

A moment later, the sound of a bell reverberated in the battlefield.

The seven tablets hovering around William glowed in a silver light, as the Half-Elf channeled his God Slaying powers into them.

Not long after, the tablets emitted a light similar to a newly-born star, making Surtr glance in William's direction.

"Take it!" William ordered. "Take everything!"

The Seven Tablets answered his call as they drained every last bit of Divine Energy from William's body, which he planned to use to slay Surtr.

But, after exchanging several blows with the Fire Giant, the Half-Elf understood that his power alone was not enough to deal the killing blow.

Surtr may not be a Primordial God, but after vanquishing many worlds, and absorbing the Divine essences of his slain foes, his power now equaled the first few Protogenois who were born at the very start of creation, which put him on par with the Primordial Goddesses of Darkness, and Light.

Knowing this fact, William decided to merge the rest of his Divinity, with the remaining Divinity of the Wills of the Gods that resided inside the Tablets of Creation for one final attack.

Surtr, who didn't treat William as a true threat earlier, now felt that the Divinity that gathered around the Half-Elf was capable of dealing a fatal blow to his Divine Body.

Tiamat, who sensed what William was planning to do, gave the Half-Elf a side-long glance before shifting her attention back to the Fire Giant, whom she had marked as her enemy.

The four remaining Dragon heads on her body prepared to attack Surtr, at the same time that the Half-Elf unleashed his attack. This was the only chance they had to deal the killing blow to the God of Destruction, ending his tyranny once and for all.

Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"Celestial God, ruler of the skies that has long been forgotten, may you hear my desperate prayer," William said softly as he felt his entire body becoming heavy due to the loss of the Divinities that he had accumulated over the years.

"Grant me your strength, so I may slay the enemies that bring Chaos upon the world. Support me with your Heavenly Blessing, and grant me your sacred favor."

The tablets shone brightly, imitating the rays of the sun with William at its center.

"Marduk! Let your eternal light pierce through the darkness, and slay my foes with your Divine might!" William roared. "Obliterate all who stand before me!"

Behind William, the image of a handsome man, holding a bow and arrow in his hand appeared.

The God, who was once the head of a powerful pantheon that had been lost through time, pulled back the string of the bow until he could pull no longer. The tip of his arrow shone like a star as it gathered all the Wills of the Gods inside the Tablets of Creation.

Seeing this, Tiamat roared and lunged at Surtr. Its four remaining dragon heads bit his body, preventing the Fire Giant from moving.

Marduk narrowed his eyes, as he opened his lips to say the two words that would mark the end of his era.

The two words that contained his world's legacy, that he now shared with William in his direst moment.

"Enuma Elish…," Marduk said in a word that was almost akin to a whisper as he let loose the arrow in his hand.

At the blink of an eye, the arrow pierced through Surtr's flesh, and the world was bathed with Marduk's Divine Might.