Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Hearing Matthew's shout, Theo turned his head to look behind him.

In that instance, the world seemed to move in slow motion as the Hell Hounds' jaws slowly descended towards Theo's body, who was unable to react in time.

Suddenly, two giant hands grabbed the head of the two Hell Hounds and smashed them against each other.

However, the Giant Ox Revenant sensed that the Hell Hounds were still alive so he smashed both of their heads on the ground, crushing them to a pulp.

"Two," Erchitu said as he glared at the opponents in front of him.

Without even looking back at the Shepherd he saved, Erchitu summoned his Adamantine Axe and split the bodies of the Demogorgons who tried to attack him using their numbers.

"Ten!" Erchitu shouted as he continued to slaughter the monsters around him.

"My turn!"

A Demonic Dog materialized behind Erchitu's shadow, and unleashed several dark whips which wrapped around the Giant Bats that were harassing the Hellan Soldiers, burning them with Dark Flames.

"Six!" Psoglav then set his eyes on the Giant Flying Bats and Imps in the sky as two bat-like wings appeared behind his back.

He then flew into the air and fired several dark fireballs at the Imps and Giant Bats that were busy targeting the warriors on the ground, who were engaged in battle with the other monsters.

"Twenty!" Psoglav chuckled as he continued his aerial barrage on his opponents.

Not far from them, a two-meter tall Goblin Paladin slashed at his enemies with a silver sword. However, after seeing the number of monsters that his friends were slaying, Jareth raised his left arm and pointed it at his enemies.

After gathering enough Hell Credits, Jareth decided to modify his left arm, so he could turn it into a robotic arm that could transform into a magical cannon that could deal long-range magical damage.

"Plasma Cannon, Fire!" Jareth roared and all the monsters in front of him exploded into fleshy bits, killing hundreds of them with one blow.

"Three hundred twenty," Jareth said calmly, making Erchitu and Psoglav curse him internally.

"S-Sh*t! I knew I should have also chosen to have one of those high-spec add-ons," Psoglav cursed. "I thought having wings was cool so I chose these instead. Damn it!"

Erchitu glanced at his Goblin friend before charging head-on towards the cluster of Demogorgons that were still climbing out of the split ground.

The three of them had a bet that the one with the least number of monsters killed would obey the command of the other two for a day.

Because of this, none of them wanted to lose, so they rampaged across the battlefield, killing monsters left and right.

—-------------

Amidst the shouts, curses, war cries, in the battlefield, the faint sound of a guitar was playing.

—------------

"A long, long time ago, I can still remember, when the Humans were under an attack," A rainbow-colored-anteater sang while having a pained look on his face. "And I knew if I had my chance, I can make those people dance, and maybe, they'd be happy for a while."

—------------

When the monsters from hell rose to the Surface World, Kasogonaga was currently having his concert in the Underworld.

Seeing that the perfect opportunity had arrived, the rainbow-colored Anteater along with his friends, all used the path that the forces of hell used to rise up to the surface.

They had received their original bodies from William and had modified them in the Underworld, making them stronger.

In fact, if they wished, they could leave the Underworld at any time, but they knew that they would not be able to help William that way.

Instead, they all collected Hell Credits so that they could recruit allies to join their fight.

Naturally, Kasogonaga's fans, who were also briefed on the current situation, decided to come along with him and go to the Surface World to join the fight.

Over the past two years, his band had collected enough merit points to arm their tens of thousands of fans with weapons that they could use to fight in the Surface World.

Usually, Undead Spirits like them weren't allowed to leave the Underworld because that was one of the rules that Thanatos had made. However, as if getting the God of Death's silent permission, no one stopped the tens of thousands of Undead from going to the surface, ready to fight alongside their idol.

It was at this time when a Hell Hound lunged towards Kasogonaga, who was singing while holding a mic in his hands.

The Anteater was so immersed in his song that he didn't notice that a Hell Hound had targeted him.

Suddenly, a pained cry resonated in the battlefield as one of the lady Anteaters, who belonged to the I-Love-Kazo Fans Club, whacked the Hell Hound with a spiked baseball bat. A moment later the pitiful Hell Hound was mobbed by Kasogonaga's angry fans, getting torn to pieces.

Unaware of the bloodshed going on around him, Kasogonaga continued to sing.

—------------

"But the Gods of Destruction's response didn't thrill us.

They summoned their army and tried to kill us.

We won't escape from those fags, We will show them whose badass…

I can't remember if I cried,

When I was sealed in a block of ice.

But something touched me deep inside…Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

The day I met… this boy."

—------------

Kasogonaga then opened his eyes and raised one of its paws towards his sky.

"That's our cue!" a lady Anteater said as she tapped her friend who was holding a spotlight in her hands. The two of them were currently riding on top of Winged Antz that belonged to William's King's Legion.

The spotlight then shone down upon the rainbow-colored Anteater, making his fans cheer, while they massacred the Monsters that tried to get near their idol as he sang the chorus of his song.

—--------

I am Rolling~

My~ My~ this red-headed guy~

Maybe Dark Prince someday later, now he's just a small fry~

He died in his world, and said to his beloved goodbye~

Wishing he and her would be under the same sky.

Wishing he and her would be under the same sky~

—--------

Suddenly, a loud screech spread in the surroundings, making the rainbow-colored Anteater look up

His friend, Scadrez, the Blood Eagle, dove down from the sky, and flew towards his old friend, whom he missed dearly.

As if they had practiced this move several times in the past, Kasogonaga jumped into the air, and the Blood Eagle caught him perfectly on its back.

Scadrez circled the battlefield and flew above the tens of thousands of souls that had followed Kasogonaga from the Underworld.

"Everyone, let's go!" Kasogonaga shouted as it pointed its little paw towards the God of Evil, Erlik, who was also responsible for summoning the Monsters from Hell to the Surface World.

"FOR THE HORDE!" Kasogonaga roared with its adorable voice as the warriors of the Underworld followed behind him.

The hundreds of Lady Anteaters, who were riding on tops of Winged Antz, were not far behind the Blood Eagle, Scadrez, serving as their Idol's bodyguards.

They weren't afraid, even if they were going to fight against Gods. The only thing they were afraid of was to not be able to shine on the same stage as their idol!

The Army of Destruction had seen many things during their campaigns, but never had they seen the souls of the dead rise up from the Underworld to fight against them in a battle of epic proportions.

The tide of the Souls of the Dead swept over the Monsters and started a one-sided massacre, with Kasogonaga at the lead. They were relentless. Since they were souls, physical attacks didn't work on them, so the monsters which excelled in physical combat could only be hopelessly massacred by them.

When the Blood Eagle was only a few hundreds of meters away from the God of Evil, Erlik, Kasogonaga shouted once again, making the lady Anteaters prepare to accompany their Lord to battle.

"Everyone, let's go!" Kasogonaga shouted as it jumped off the Blood Eagle's back and curled up into a ball, transforming into a ten-meter tall spiked wrecking ball.

The lady Anteaters also jumped off the Winged Antz they were riding on and also curled up in the air, turning into spiked wrecking balls as well.

With one mighty shout that reverberated in the battlefield, the Deity of the Sky made his appearance one more time, fighting alongside Humanity during its darkest moments.

"I'M ROLLING!"

Kasogonaga fearlessly descended towards the God of Evil, with the newly modified body he had acquired, that could withstand the attacks of Gods.

The Lady Anteaters also rolled towards the God Erlik, as they too shouted their warcry to imitate the rainbow-colored Anteater, who was shining brightly, serving as a banner of hope for everyone on the battlefield.

"""WE'RE ROLLING!"""