Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

"Fools." Ahriman sneered at the mortals that were charging towards their doom, as he pressed his right hand over the bloody hole on his chest, which was given to him by James a moment ago.

The former God of Chaos and Destruction had retreated a safe distance, as James fought against Yaldabaoth, and Kakia, preventing them from slaughtering the armies of Hestia that had regained their courage.

Earlier, when the Alliance, the Einherjars, as well as the Underworld Fighters, were fighting side by side, they were barely able to resist the onslaught of the Army of Destruction.

Now that their numbers had decreased to less than half of their original numbers, there was simply no chance for them to win the war anymore.

And yet, no matter how tired and battered they were, all of them charged like madmen towards the Army of Destruction, bringing as many of the Giants and their allies with them to the afterlife.

During this time, the tolling sound of a bell reverberated throughout the battlefield.

This time, the sound traveled far and wide, similar to the announcement that happened when the Tower of Babylon announced William's conquest of the 51st Floor.

The tolling of the bell sounded thirteen times before coming to a complete stop.

It was also at that moment when the Army of Destruction felt a strong pressure descending upon them.

Ahriman looked in disbelief at the small sun that suddenly appeared where the Half-Elf was floating not long ago.

Surtr, who was currently stepping on Chiffon's head with his foot, shifted his gaze at the miniature sun in the distance with a frown on his face.

A moment later, his entire body was blown away by an invisible force, freeing the Giantess from under his foot.

The Fire Giant crashed against a mountain, which collapsed under his weight.

As the God of Destruction propped himself up, his eyes landed on the red-headed Half-Elf, who was looking at him with a calm expression on his face.

William's clothes were stained with blood, but all of his injuries had been healed.

Behind him, two wings could be seen. One of the wings was blazing like a fire, while the other had lightning crawling all over it.

After he felt a strong surge of power bursting within his Spiritual World, the Half-Elf fell into a daze as his entire body was enclosed in radiant flames.

Truth be told, William's entire body was burned up by the flames, giving him a second rebirth, just like a Phoenix after its death.

When the Half-Elf regained his consciousness, he felt completely different.

It was as if he was seeing the world with eyes that could see the truth of everything.

His vision was so perfect that even the details of the small specks of dust in the battlefield didn't escape his eyes.

When he saw Surtr's foot pressing on Chiffon's head, he felt an incredible rage surge up from his chest, which prompted him to unleash an attack that blasted the Giant away, and freed his Giantess wife.

This sudden change in strength surprised William, so he immediately opened his Status Page to better understand what happened to him after he was bathed by radiant flames.

—------------

Name: William Von Ainsworth

Race: Forgotten God (Temporary)

Health Points: ????????????????? / ????????????????

Mana: ????????????????? / ????????????????

Job Class: Godslayer

Sub Class: Shepherd of the Lost Flock

Second Sub-Class: FamiliamancerCh𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

Strength:  ????????????????

Agility:  ????????????????

Vitality:  ????????????????)

Intelligence:  ????????????????

Dexterity:  ????????????????

Unique Skill: Ten Thousand Heroes

—------------

It was at that moment when William felt a sudden jolt run through his body.

It was as if he reached enlightenment, understanding the true reason why he was born in the world.

Somewhere in the battlefield, a young lady with light-blue hair smiled as her hair fluttered in the breeze.

"You finally awakened, Will." Ella smiled as she looked at the Half-Elf that she had raised since he was a baby.

Although she was happy that WIlliam finally awakened his power, she also felt sad because there was no longer anything that she could do for him.

"Go, Will," Ella said softly. "Let them know the strength of the child I raised with all of my heart."

—-----------

William summoned the wooden staff that David had given him before he entered the cycle of reincarnation, and raised it towards the sky.

He now knew what he should do, and that was to call upon those who would help him overturn this hopeless situation around.

"Ten Thousand Heroes!" William shouted.

Immediately, thousands of beams of light descended from the sky. They fell upon the battlefield, making the Army of Destruction, as well as the Alliance, pause for a brief moment to better understand what was happening around them.

"Finally, I am here!" Lily, the Loli Goddess, laughed as she summoned a candy cane in her hand. "Time for you uglies to disappear!"

"Luvly Merry Go Round~"

Several white horses, teddy bears, and toy soldiers spun around Lily, hitting the Giants, Trolls, Orcs, as well as the Fomorians who had gathered around her.

Cries of pain, and shock emerged from their lips as their bones broke, each time one of Lily's summons smashed against their bodies.

"Do you think I'll let you bastards bully my little bro?" Issei, the Harem God, summoned a red gauntlet and immediately smashed the face of the Giant closest to him.

"I've rested enough, I'm not going to slack now," David, the God of Shepherds, smiled as he summoned Eve to his side. "I know you've been watching the battle since it started, and there have been times when you wanted to join. Now, I'm giving you the opportunity to fight alongside your family members. Do you want to do it?"

"Yes!" Even resolutely nodded her head.

"Understood," David smiled before opening both of his hands to give his blessings to the White Goose, as well as the Ducks that had accompanied Eve on her journey. "Go. Make sure they come to know the power of the Flock."

The White Goose and the Ducks all flapped their wings and rose into the air. A moment later, all of them glowed brightly and merged together.

Eve's mouth hung open as a twelve-headed Hydra Goose, that stood over a hundred meters tall, appeared on the battlefield.

The Giants momentarily froze in shock when they saw the abomination that had appeared out of nowhere. However, before they could even react, the Hydra Goose released a loud honk, paralyzing their bodies.

Seeing that their enemies were now immobilized, the Hydra Goose went on the offensive and started to peck the Giants' heads, making them explode like watermelons.

The Six-Eared Macaque who had been guarding Eve, also jumped into action.

Since David was protecting the little girl, he no longer needed to stay by her side. Just like Eve, he had also wanted to fight, so now that an opportunity had arrived, he summoned his pipe and smashed the back of Owuo's head, making the latter cry out in pain.

"I didn't expect there to be an opportunity that we would be fighting side by side, Six," Sun Wukong said to the Six-Eared Macaque whom Eve had started to call Six.

"There's a first time for everything," the Six-Eared Macaque said as the pipe in his hand grew in size. "Let's go Nuts!"

Sun Wukong smirked as he and the Six-Eared Macaque jumped into the sky, increasing the size of their weapons before smashing them down towards the Destroyer God, who was momentarily dazed by the Six-Eared Macaque's sneak attack from behind.

"Reject Humanity!" Sun Wukong shouted.

"Return to Monkey!" the Six-Eared Macaque bellowed as he and the Monkey King both smashed their gigantic weapons against the one-eyed God, whose main purpose was to destroy every living thing around him.

—---------

Thousands of Gods answered William's summons, but they didn't descend into Hestia using their Divine Bodies.

The moment they descended to the Half-Elf's world, their ranks were degraded to the Demigod Rank, which were much weaker than Pseudo-Gods.

Even so, this didn't matter to the Gods because no matter what Rank they were, they were more than enough to deal with the Army of Destruction, ignoring Surtr, Owuo, Nergal, Erlik, Yaldabaoth, and Kakia.

They were not their responsibilities, so they did only what they could do and that was to massacre the Army of Destruction, and help William turn the tide of the battle.

However, it was not only the Gods the Half-Elf had summoned.

No.

Wiliam had summoned other heroes.

He called for those who had been watching him from the very start of his journey.

Those that supported him through dark and difficult times.

They were the people who had laughed with him, cried with him, and raged with him, as he grew up from a baby, into an adult.

They were the real Heroes that allowed William to reach the end of his journey.

(A/N: The Heroes that showered him with Power Stones, Golden Tickets, Super Gifts, as well as five star reviews and comments. Kekeke!)

Now, when his world was about to meet its end, he called upon them, asking them to give him their help one last time.

And all of them answered his call…

"I am SpeedDemon266, the Monster Girl Harem King, and I have come here to help and look for Monster Girls!"

"I am Red Panda! This novel's Editor, I mean, the Mistaken Orator!"

"I am Yuuko, The Song Knight, Yuu better remember!"

"I, Justxforxfun, Lewd for Fun, have come for fun!"

"I am Eldot, the Arcane Archer!"

"The name is Shadow, the Killer of Death!"

"BlackFlamer! The Eternal Flames Watcher is here!"

"Lord Kismet The Bane from beyond the Grave!"

"I am Soviet, the Red!"

"Simon, the Moonlight Necromancer!"

"Stark Ventra, the Lightning Bandit!"

"Matt the Golden Sin is finally here!"

"The name is Brycebjbm. Just Bryce for short."

"I am Reinesse, your Little Ancestor!"

"I am DarkElven6, and I came here for Pats and Hugs!"

"Kingcamper125 has come to light the fire!"

"I am SocialHippo! I'm single and ready to mingle!"

"I am Crocs_is_Dead! Correction, I am not dead!"

"Idczhen is the name, Gigachad is my game!"

"I am Entrail_Ji and I am the Pirate King!"

"The name is Alekzi, and Entrail is cheating on me!"

KingRig, Darthstorm, Maian, DaoistGoldenSin, 1Variation, Ch11_R3ader, Sonicsufer, CharredWoolf, Dj_Johnson, Carjex, Drakars41, darkblade875, Night_Walker001, M_lubda, NIGHT9ARE, Zechariah, DaoistAEctfR, Alex_Couture, Trevor_Kapeen, Jonathan_Craig, Osh96, LaughingDog, Whiteflash, Jack_Barron, Brandon_Meierhoff, Chance_Bramlett, Paolo_Galli, Jetdy_S, Nicholas_Colello, Thawk7678, Kevin_Khieu, Camocarp16, Tyler_Baker, forthouknowest, Tyrel_Unsell, Daoist265567, GuySloth, Lyonfang, Adam_Higgin, Mike_Klimwicz, Blackout15, Ludiator, ElReyDooKIE, Madmike667, Reid_Beckham, Deldwath, tim_liberatore, Gabriel_Croker, Christopher_Pape, Chandler_Dansie, Crazy_96, Rubell, Luis_, Pinoyguy17, AsmodeusKOD, Soulkeeper1987, PorkHatchet2234, davie491, tsukuyomi84, AceofWolf, Dylan_Kallin_9209, Michael_Moen, JunM, Tony_Paolercio, Cardunkos, ashuzumaki, Efrain_Sanchez, SpecificWolf, CharmingDictator, JackTwo, Joshua_Brown, AwfulVileDinist, kiritsuke, Douglas_Barton, S97_Reaver, Amasimak, Alpha_AI, Crhistopher_Self, Cjoh_192, NIGHT9ARE, Joshidhe, Emdalla, ArkWeed, Joseph_Harriot, Swedishstorm, Colby_Wells, darthkrow13, Dylan_Deatherage, Ekii, Joseph Parker, morgangolden66, Corey_Evans, xizaaR, Eric_Ranchau, Jacob_Margeson, Matt551, Peter Martinez, LateNightReader, Devin_Greer, Ryan_Rufh, Gigantononsense, javv1997, Benjamin_Green, nothappening, Jeffery_white, Stark_Ventura, Vengence2, GilGalad, Mike_Devilvillano, Falling_off_cliffs, Mutssurini21, Terry_Ross, 22Daoist, IdolTrust, Mario_Grigoritch, Drake_Stark1ller, Ian_Woodin, Nmgames, azng69, Neelesh_Diwaker, Malex_999, Dyllan_Kallin, Banana_King, Matt_Hardesty, Wuxiafreak, Rookie_Draconian, RedGhost_FireFlame, Lord_kobra, DragonSon, Drew_Sansone

Together they numbered in the tens of thousands, making it impossible for him to name them all, but they were the Heroes who had become the pillars that allowed William to grow as an individual.

As soon as these Heroes joined the battle, the Army of Destruction suddenly felt great pressure because those who answered William's summons were all Demigods.

Using their unique skills and abilities, they started to slaughter the Giants, and fought alongside the Men, Women, Gods, and Goddesses, who wished to see a happy ending.