Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"You were finally able to unlock the true power that sleeps within your soul, Will," Gavin said as he gathered the power of the elements in the palm of his hands.

"World End Tempest!"

The God of All Trades instantly annihilated a Demigod-Ranked Fomorian who was about to step on the King of Dwarves, Eldon, as the latter led his army to battle, enduring the pain from his broken left arm.

"Thank you." Eldon stated as he glanced in Gavin's direction.

The King of Dwarves didn't know that the one who saved him was William's Patron God. All he knew was that they were Heroes that William had summoned from somewhere, and they had come to help them.

"You're welcome," Gavin replied. "In a way, we're part of the same family, so helping you is helping me as well."

"Excuse me?"

"You'll understand in time."

Gavin smiled before turning to kill some more Giants in order to thin out the numbers of the Army of Destruction.

"Dim Dim!" A basketball-sized Dumpling was throwing dumplings at the Giants, as it fought beside the Loli Goddess, Lily.

"Dim Dim, don't wander too far from me, okay?" Lily said as she summoned a ten-meter tall Pink Teddy Bear to fight for her.

"Dim!" the Dumpling God nodded obediently.

The Dumpling God was one of the New Generation Gods that had been born recently, and it was still considered a baby in their eyes.

Lily was the one who always accompanied Dim Dim, so the latter was very close to her. Unfortunately, the Dumpling God wasn't really a fighter, and the most it could do was to throw Dumplings at their enemies, which dealt no damage at all.

In fact, Dim Dim's Rank was only of the Centennial Rank, making it the weakest of the Gods that had descended to Hestia. Even so, it still accompanied Lily because they were close to each other.

Also fighting beside Lily was the God of Love, Cupid, who was busy shooting his arrows at the Giants, making them fall into a Charmed state.

These Charmed Giants followed Cupid's command and attacked the other Giants without mercy.

Just like Cupid, there was a Goddess who had the same ability and it was none other than Eros, the Goddess of Lust.

The Goddess giggled as she Charmed one Giant after another, making them obey her command. Unfortunately, she was only a Demigod at the moment, so she could only control up to a hundred Giants at most.

Lugh, the Sun God, brandished his spear left and right, killing every Giant he saw.

Although he didn't like William, he hated the Gods of Destruction more because they were responsible for killing some of his friends hundreds of years ago.

However, since there was an unwritten rule that they couldn't directly fight against the Gods of Destruction, that didn't mean that they couldn't fight their minions.

This was why Lugh tore through the Giants' formation with a vengeance. Even though his Rank was that of a Demigod, a Pseudo-God Ranked Giant would not be able to beat him easily because he was one of the Gods that specialized in war.

James, who saw this scene, couldn't help but chuckle because he knew some of the Gods that had come to aid him, including the Goddess, Freya, that had descended into Belle's body, using it as a vessel, allowing the black-haired beauty to fight with the power of her Divinity.

This ability was called God's Descent.

It only worked for a brief period of time, allowing a mortal to gain tremendous strength that almost matched the Power of a True God.

Currently, Belle was fighting against Yaldabaoth with the help of Wendy and Estelle.

The silver-haired lady had also used God's Descent, allowing the Goddess Astrid to lend her the strength to fight the Fake Creator God, whose strength couldn't be underestimated.

Although there was a rule that they couldn't fight against the Gods of Destruction directly, they used indirect means to bypass this rule.

"Do you really think that any of you can turn the tide of battle by siding with the mortals?" Yaldabaoth asked in a teasing tone as he lashed his tail against the three ladies, who were working hand in hand to fight him. "Have all you grown bored staying at the Temple of the Gods?"

Belle and Estelle didn't reply as they continued to attack the true Mastermind behind the Army of Destruction.

Seeing that no Gods intended to answer his question, the God of Destruction laughed as his Demonic Eyes scanned the battlefield.

"Fools, do you really think I haven't prepared for this possibility?" Yaldabaoth sneered. "From the very start, I knew that there was a possibility that several Gods were going to oppose us. Because of this, I have prepared a very special surprise for all of you. Accept it gratefully!"Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

The God of Destruction roared, and countless red portals appeared in the sky.

A moment later, several individuals emerged from the portals.

"Hah! So this is our time to shine!" a handsome teenager laughed as he summoned a greatsword in his hand. "Everyone, attack!"

The new arrivals all had excited looks on their faces as they joined the battle. The moment the Gods clashed against these individuals, they were immediately pushed back.

Making them fight defensively.

"Sh*t that Yaldabaoth is serious!" one of the Gods that had joined the battle to fight against the Army of Destruction hissed.

"He planned this well, the bastard really knew our weakness," another God commented.

In just a matter of minutes, the advantage that the Gods had instantly disappeared, and this time, they were the ones that were taking a beating.

"Kuh!" Lily glared hatefully at the handsome young man in front of her that had kicked her away.

"Dim Dim!" The Dumpling God started to throw Dumplings at the one that hurt Lily, but the latter simply brushed its attack away before vanishing from where he stood.

The next moment, the handsome young man reappeared behind the Dumpling God and slashed Dim Dim in half.