Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

A metallic sound spread in the surroundings as the young man's sword was blocked by a red gauntlet, preventing it from killing the God of Dumplings.

"Come here, Dim Dim!" Lily shouted and the God of Dumplings hurried to her side.

Issei, appeared just in time to save his friends from getting killed by the young man in front of him.

Of course, killed wasn't the right term because they wouldn't really die.

They would simply turn into particles of light and return to the Temple of the Ten Thousand Gods.

Right now, all of the Gods were only using temporary vessels, so dying in Hestia wasn't a permanent death for them.

"Aren't you guys supposed to be Gods?" the young man sneered. "How come all of you are weak?"

Unleashing his true strength, the young man was able to overpower Issei and delivered a kick to his chest, sending the Harem God skidding across the ground.

All around the battlefield, similar things were happening. The Gods who earlier had the upper hand were already being beaten up one-sidedly. Some of them had even died in the hands of the teenagers.

Unlike the Gods that appeared, who were all at the Demigod-Rank, some of the people that Yaldabaoth summoned were truly powerful, reaching the peak of the Pseudo-God Rank.

"Stupid! The only reason why you are able to push us back is because we aren't fighting you idiots seriously!" Lily shouted as she held the Dumpling God in her arms, preventing the latter from attacking the young man in front of them.

"Not fighting seriously?" The young man looked at the Loli Goddess in contempt. "Then why don't you fight us seriously? Don't tell us that you Gods can't even kill us puny mortals?"

A Goddess descended behind Lily and offered the Loli Goddess one of the apples that were growing on the hat on her head.

"You sure know how to talk," Lulu, the Apple Goddess said as she offered a golden apple to Isse, whose body had several cuts and bruises after trying to defend against the attack of one of the people that Yaldabaoth summoned. "Transmigrators like you guys, who cheated your way through the Cycle of Reincarnation, are not people that we can fight head on because of the simple reason that we are not allowed to attack mortals directly."

"Only Evil Gods can do that. If we attack and manage to kill any of you, we will receive a backlash that will make us lose part of our Divinity," Cupid glared at the young man. "It's not worth it! Killing you small fries makes us weak for hundreds, even thousands, of years. By the time we regained our Divinity, many fun things in the world have passed!"

The young man chuckled because he knew this very well. He was one of the transmigrators that the Gods of Destruction had raised, allowing them to reach the pinnacle of strength in their home worlds. They were also the so-called "traitors" that conspired with the Gods of Destruction in order to bring destruction to the worlds they were born in.

Naturally, they were greatly rewarded for their contribution, allowing them to visit other worlds with their powers intact and enjoy a comfortable lifestyle surrounded by riches and beautiful men and women, who remained at their beck and call.VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"Are you done talking old hag?" the young man asked before he spat on the ground. "If you're done, let's resume the battle. It has been a while since I killed Gods. I will be sure to add your names to my collection of the Gods I killed."

Lulu was about to say something, but the words she was about to say were caught in her throat when she heard the sound of a loud horn.

Immediately after that, a devilish smile appeared on Issei's, Lily's, Cupid's, and Lulu's faces. Only Dim Dim wasn't aware of what was happening, making the latter tilt its head in confusion.

"Did you hear that?" Lily sneered. "It's time for you guys to meet your match."

"Meet my match?" the young man sneered back. "I'd like to see how anyone in this world can be my match!"

Cupid laughed and held his belly because he found this situation too funny. Just like Transmigrators were the bane of Gods, the one that they were referring to was the Bane of all Transmigrators in the multiverse.

Suddenly a giant golden portal appeared above the Heavens.

Another loud horn reverberated in the battlefield, telling all the Gods that their reinforcements had arrived.

"Sorry guys, I'm late!"

A ten-meter truck passed through the golden portal, which made the Fake Creator God, Yaldabaoth, flinch.

He knew that the possibility of Gods opposing him was high, so he created an army of Transmigrators to deal with them when the time came.

However, he didn't expect that the Gods had also thought of this possibility, and prepared a Trump Card for his Trump Card!

The young man who saw the truck snorted before flying towards the sky with his sword raised high.

"No one can beat me!" the young man roared as he unleashed an attack that could instantly obliterate an entire mountain range.

A loud explosion followed as his attack hit the incoming truck, creating a dense cloud of smoke in the sky, blocking his view.

The corner of the young man's lips rose because that was his most powerful attack, and nothing could survive it. Not even the Gods that had descended from the Heavens.

However, just as he was feeling smug about his recent achievements, he saw a pair of lights emerging from the dust cloud.

The smile on his face vanished when the ten-meter truck that he had attacked just moments ago sped up in his direction.

"Brat, I've been sending people to isekai worlds before you were even born!" Truck-Kun roared. "You and your buddies managed to escape us in the past, but this is our Redemption Arc! I'm going to send you back to the Cycle of Reincarnation where you belong!"

"F*ck you!" the young man shouted as he charged towards the incoming Truck with the intention of splitting it in half.

The two clashed mid-air, and the result was that the young man turned into particles of light.

The Transmigrators who saw this scene shuddered because this was not what the God of Destruction promised them.

They thought that they would be invincible in any world that they appeared in, which made them all conceited. However, after seeing one of their most powerful fighters get instantly killed, as if he was nothing, an instinctive fear rose in their hearts making them retreat from the battlefield.

Unfortunately for them, it was already too late.

"Boys! Don't let any of them escape!" Truck-kun ordered. "Let's Roll Out!"

Countless golden portals appeared all over the battlefield.

Trucks, Buses, Cars, Ambulances, Fire Trucks, Motorcycles, and even Bump Cars emerged from these portals, and all of them locked onto the Transmigrators, who had all started screaming like little kids running for their lives.

"You're not going to escape this time, bud!" a Fire Truck laughed as it went after a man dressed in cultivator clothes. "You managed to escape me back in the 1990's. Now I'm going to collect my interest!"

The Fire Truck collided with the Cultivator and sent the latter to the Cycle of Reincarnation.

"Nooo! Please don't kill me!" another Cultivator screamed as he tried to outrun the Ambulance who was chasing him like mad.

"Hohoho! What do we have here?" The Ambulance increased its speed as it closed the gap between it and the Cultivator it targeted. "You managed to reach the Immortal Emperor Grade, but in my eyes, you're nothing!"

Just like that, the Immortal Emperor died just like an ant being crushed by the wheels of a truck.

"Stop! I have attained the Rank of Martial God!" a handsome Cultivator shouted as he faced a Bump Car that could be found in amusement parks. "I refuse to die in this humiliating manner!"

"Well, sorry to disappoint you Mr. Martial God," the Bump Car replied. "But no matter what your rank is, You are Doomed To Be Cannon Fodder. So, bye bye!"

The Transmigrators who were dominating the battlefield earlier, all ran for their lives as the countless Harbingers of Death, that specialized in sending people to Isekai Worlds, chased them with a vengeance.

It didn't matter if their ranks had reached the Divine King Realm, Divine Sovereign Realm, and Divine Master Realm.

Transmigrators who didn't get Truck Kun's and his Comrades seal of approval, were considered as illegal immigrants in the multiverse and needed to be purged.

Unfortunately, some of the worlds they transmigrated to didn't have proper roads, so Truck-Kun couldn't go to those worlds to purge them.

As the screaming Transmigrators tried to escape the trucks that were after their lives, the surviving Gods once again banded together to fight against the Army of Destruction.

After seeing that the tide of battle had once again tilted in their favor, the Half-Elf shifted his gaze to the Fire Giant, and summoned his wooden staff.

Now that he finally had the power to fight Surtr on equal grounds, the Half-Elf no longer hesitated and unleashed the power that had been with him for thousands of years.