Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"All of you stand back for now," William said as he used Life Magic to heal the injuries of his wives, as well as Superbia and Invidia, who had fought bravely in order to protect him a while ago.

"Can you beat him, Will?" Lilith asked in a worried tone.

"I don't know if I can beat him," William replied. "But, I will not be beaten."

Although he suddenly had an explosive boost in strength, he was not conceited enough to say that he could beat the God of Destruction in front of him.

"Understood," Lilith nodded. "We will go help the others fight the Army of Destruction by regrouping with the Virtues on their Flagship."

"Good," William stated before standing between his wives and the Fire Giant, whose entire body was covered in Hellish Flames.

"Be careful, Will."

"All of you should take care as well. Leave this guy to me."

The Eight Deadly Sins knew that if they stayed, the Half-Elf wouldn't be able to fight with all of his strength because he had to constantly worry about their safety.

In order to not hold him down, they hastily retreated to join the Alliance in fending off the Army of Destruction, whose aggressiveness had risen to the next level, after Yaldabaoth empowered them with his Divinity.

Surtr didn't even spare a glance at the departure of the beautiful ladies whom he had been bullying. His whole attention was now focused on the Half-Elf, whose presence had changed completely.

Elliot and Conan were by his side, ready to fight alongside William, for the revenge match that he had waited thousands of years for.

"Wait for us!"

"We will also join you!"

Two loud shouts came from the sky, as two more familiars joined them in battle.

Chloee, and Claire, in their familiar forms descended from the sky.

"I called for them," Celeste said as her image appeared behind William. "Since I am fighting with you, it is best to fight using my full power as well."

William nodded his head in understanding. He was about to tell them his plan to fight against Surtr when Elliot whispered something in his ears, making the corner of the Half-Elf's lips twitch.

"Is that really needed?" William asked.

Elliot smirked. "Of course. It is about the mood, and since we are at the End Game, we should spice things up a bit."

William chuckled because, even in this situation, his Angelic Familiar still had the audacity to make a scene.

"Very well, let's go." William agreed to Elliot's proposal, so he simply stood straight while holding the wooden staff in his right hand.

Elliot glanced at Conan, Chloee, and Claire, and the three of them nodded their heads in understanding.

"Said West, only My Perfection!" Elliot shouted as he made a fighting pose on William's left shoulder.

"Said East, Defender is my Profession!" Conan declared as he struck a similar fighting pose to Elliot's.

"From the North, I am the Fighter who destroys everyone's opposition!" Chloee announced as she took a fighting position above the Half-Elf's head.

"From the South, I am here, so pay attention!" Claire said with a flushed face as she pressed her hands together, floating beside her sister, Chloee.

"At the Center, I am embraced with my wives' love and affection!" William stated as he took a fighting stance as well.

"We!"

"Are!"

"The!"

"Legendary!"

""Baka Warriors!""Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Elliot then pointed at Surtr with an arrogant look on his face.

"Are you one of us?"

An explosion of different colors erupted behind them, completing the scene, putting the Power Rangers to shame.

Surtr gave his opponents the "What the F*ck are you people doing?" gaze, which made the flush on Claire's face even redder.

Celeste, covered her face with both hands in embarrassment before disappearing completely. She clearly didn't want to be seen as part of William's and the four Familiar's antics during this very important fight.

The Virtuous Lady didn't know that this was the formation that William, Elliot, Conan, Chloee, and Claire had practiced for fun when they were still in Hestia Academy, when all of them were together.

Elliot knew that an opportunity like this wouldn't come again, since their Fairy Tale was about to end.

What William, Chloee, and Claire didn't know was that after this battle, he and Conan would disappear once again, so he wanted to make some lasting memories of the limited time they had together.

"Okay, let's get him!" Elliot shouted. "Familiar Fusion!"

The Angelic Familiar turned into particles of light and merged with the gem in William's chest.

""Familiar Fusion!""

Conan, Chloee, and Claire also declared their intention to become William's strength, allowing the Half-Elf to use the full power of the Familiamancer Job Class.

The three Familiars also turned into particles of light and merged with William.

A moment later, two more angelic wings emerged from William's back, and these two wings were coated with black and green flames, indicating that Chloee's and Claire's powers had fused with William.

Since Celeste had fused with the Half-Elf, he also gained the ability to make Chloee's and Claire's powers as his own.

For the first time since he descended to the world of Hestia, Surtr's expression became solemn as he looked at the Half-Elf whose body was releasing a silver aura.

William knew that it was all or nothing so he held the shield with everything he had, channeling the powers inside his body that were being provided to him by those who had fused with him.

Even though the weapon William was holding in his hands was a wooden staff, the God of Destruction could tell that it wasn't just a simple wooden staff that Shepherds carried when they went to the fields to tend to their herd.

The two combatants each took a step forward, and disappeared from where they stood.

The next second an earth-shaking explosion, which caused the land to split apart and rubble to fly in every direction, blasted everyone within a two mile-radius away from where William and Surtr clashed.

This was a true clash between two powerful beings, which made the Einherjars, the Armies of the Alliance, as well as the Army of Destruction, momentarily stop their battle as they tried to prevent themselves from falling over due to the powerful earthquake that shook the entirety of the Ainsworth Empire.

James who was carefully watching the battle from a distance could tell that William had drastically become stronger than his former self.

However, he knew that it still wasn't enough to change the outcome of the battle because the Half-Elf was still unable to break past Surtr's defenses.

If William could fill that gap between them then the Old Bandit of Lont was sure that they would be able to overcome this hurdle.

While the Half-Elf and the Fire Giant was busy fighting against each other, the other Gods of Destruction was also giving their best to get rid of the pests that were hovering around them like flies.