Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

William and Surtr exchanged blows non-stop causing everything around them to be obliterated.

Perhaps knowing that his size wouldn't be a great advantage in his battle against the Half-Elf, Surtr decreased his size until he was only ten-meters tall.VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Although he was still considered a Giant with his size, it was far smaller than his original height, preventing William from taking advantage of his blindspots.

"You've grown stronger," Surtr said after he and William distanced themselves from each other.

"Not strong enough," William replied.

After exchanging blows with Surtr, he clearly felt that the God of Destruction was still stronger than him. If they were to make a comparison, William's Rank was that of a Millenial Beast, while Surtr's rank was at the Peak of the Myriad Rank.

Although the Myriad Beast was stronger, William was able to effectively fight the Fire Giant due to the abilities he currently possessed. Also, his wooden staff was indestructible so no matter how sharp, and deadly Surtr's flaming sword was, he was able to withstand it just fine.

"Are you sure you want to continue to fight here?" Surtr asked in a teasing tone as he made a gesture to show the Half-Elf their surroundings that had been destroyed completely. "Why don't we take it up there?"

The Fire Giant pointed towards the sky, and the Half-Elf nodded.

During their clash, thousands of Giants, and tens of thousands of members of the Alliance died. Even though they were quite a distance away from the main battlefield, the aftermath of their fight had reached the warring armies, and killed friends and foes alike.

The two flew high up in the air until they were more than 7,000 meters above sea level.

They also distanced themselves away from the main battlefield, preventing any of their attacks from affecting the two warring sides.

The only thing that the people from the battlefield could see were the flashes of flame and lighting in the sky.

They also heard thunderous explosions, which came as a result of the two combatants duking it out against each other, with the intention of ending their opponent's life.

No words were shared between the two as they fought tooth and nail, trying to bait, feint, and parry each other with every opportunity they had.

Surtr's sword had ended countless worlds, but the wooden staff in William's hands didn't snap in half even after their countless exchanges, which made Surtr confirm his suspicion that it was some type of indestructible weapon that the Half-Elf had prepared for him.

No one knew the name of the sword that Surtr wielded in battle.

All they knew was that the one who made the sword was Surtr himself, and he forged it in the deepest, and hottest, place in Muspelheim for the sake of destroying the land of Asgard, the place that the mighty Asgardians called their home.

Since no one knew the name of the sword, they simply named it Ruin.

Surtr didn't bother to correct them so the name stayed.

The Sword of Ruin, that had caused the downfall of countless worlds, was said to shine brighter than the sun the moment its full power was unleashed. Surtr only drew this sword whenever he was facing stout opposition and, the moment his opponents saw his blade, they didn't live long enough to tell its tale.

Seeing that their fight was becoming a stalemate, the God of Destruction decided to try something different.

Instead of attacking William, he raised his sword high up in the air and conjured mighty flames that soared hundreds of meters into the air.

"Destroy all that is Living!" Surtr shouted. "Eradicate…

"Interitus!"

Surtr unleashed a fiery blast that was aimed not at the Half-Elf, but at the very land itself, which forced William to block it with everything he had.

It was at this moment when the Shield that Chiffon had taken from the Tower of Babylon, Svalinn, appeared in front of the Half-Elf, blocking Surtr's attack.

The Half-Elf instinctively equipped the shield on his right arm, and braced himself for the incoming attack that contained Half of Surtr's full power.

Svalinn was said to be a shield that could withstand the heat of the sun and keep it at bay.

Originally, it had a bluish color, but after Chiffon became its new Master, the shield had changed its color to light-pink.

The golden snowflake embedded in the center of the shield glowed brightly, as it endured Surtr's attack. The Half-Elf was slowly being pushed back due to the power behind the flames, which could potentially start the destruction of his home world, if it ever reached the planet's core.

With a loud shout, Surtr increased the power behind his attack, pushing the Half-Elf all the way to the ground.

William knew that it was all or nothing so he held the shield with everything he had, channeling the powers inside his body that were being provided to him by those who had fused with him.

Elliot's Firepower, Conan's Defense, Chloee's Superhuman Strength, Claire's Magical Prowess, and Celeste's ability to double his strength.

Merging all of these powers with his own, the Half-Elf roared in defiance as the land under his feet shattered, creating a crater that was getting wider with each passing second.

Finally, Surtr's deadly attack ended, making the shield in William's hands emit smoke.

Its surface had partially melted, and the golden snowflake embedded in its center had lost a lot of its luster.

Clearly, it would not be able to withstand the same level, or stronger, attack that it blocked a moment ago, making the Half-Elf's face turn grim.

"You bastard!" William shouted.

Surtr laughed before giving the Half-Elf a sneer.

"My objective in coming to this world is to destroy it," Surtr stated. "Your role is to stop me. We're just doing both of our roles. Didn't you hear me earlier? I said, 'Play Time's over'."

The Fire Giant laughed as his sword gathered Hellish Flames once again.

William roared as he turned into a lightning bolt, and clashed with the God of Destruction, preventing the Fire Giant from unleashing the same attack again.

The two clashed repeatedly and, this time, the Half-Elf didn't hold back as he pressed on the offensive.

With each passing second, the flames in Surtr's sword grew stronger, and the smile on the Fire Giant's lips grew wider.

""Destroy all that is Living…" Surtr said in a teasing tone before unleashing a strength that blew the Half-Elf dozens of meters away. "Eradicate…"

"Interitus!"

The Fire Giant unleashed his attack not towards William, nor towards the land, but towards the Army of Destruction, the Einherjars, as well as the members of the Alliance.

The Half-Elf couldn't believe that Surtr would not hesitate to even attack his own allies in order to force him to block it.

With a growl that came from every fiber of his being, the Half-Elf traveled at the speed of light for a brief moment, and appeared between Surtr's devastating attack, and the Armies that were still fighting against each other.

William held Svalinn in his hands as he tried to block the attack that could instantly vaporize all the lives behind him, including the lives of the people he loved.