Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Three Years had passed since the great battle between the Army of Destruction and the Defenders of Hestia...

On a bench inside the beautiful gardens of the Ainsworth Royal Palace, three pink-haired girls sat by side, as they spent the afternoon talking about random things.

"She kicked!" Maple said with an excited look on her face as she pressed her left ear against the bulge of Chiffon's abdomen. "There's another one!"

"Cinnamon heard it too!" Cinnamon commented while her right ear was pressed over Chiffon's tummy.

The pink-haired mommy smiled sweetly, as she lightly caressed the head of the two little girls who had suddenly come to visit her while she was admiring the flowers that were in full bloom inside the Royal Garden.

"When will they be born?" Maple asked as she raised.

"Will they be born soon?" Cinnamon also raised her head to ask a question.

Chiffon smiled as she lightly pinched the two adorable girl's cheeks, making the two giggle at her.

"Perhaps after three to four months," Chiffon replied.Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

The gestation period for Dwarves usually lasted up to 12 months, but since William was a Half-Elf, and Chiffon was a Half-Dwarf, they believed that Chiffon would give birth between 9 to 12 months.

Right now, Chiffon was six months pregnant, and she was carrying twins, just as everyone expected.

"Three to four months?" Maple said softly as she gently caressed the bulge on Chiffon's tummy.

"Yes," Chiffon commented. "I can't wait to see them."

"I can't wait to see them too!"

"Cinnamon also wants to see them!"

Chiffon giggled as she looked at the two pink-haired girls, who made her heart melt with so much love, that sometimes she wondered if she was dreaming.

"I have an idea!" Maple said. "How about we become their Godmothers when they are born? We will give them lots and lots to eat!"

"Cinnamon thinks that this is a good idea." Cinnamon nodded her head. "I want to become a Godmother as well!"

Chiffon looked at the two adorable girls who were looking at her with sparkling eyes, making her unsure of how to reply to them.

Fortunately, William chose that time to appear because he had decided to look for Chiffon, if she was still in the garden.

The Half-Elf was not alone because he was walking with his firstborn son, Ciel, who was already two years old.

For some reason, Ciel was born as a full-blooded Elf with red hair. With that said, he was the only Elf in the world of Hestia with red hair, and had become a popular topic among the Elves in the Silvermoon Continent.

Ciel was a very adorable boy with chubby cheeks. He also had a peculiar trait and that was that his eyes changed colors from purple to green and back to purple, depending on his mood.

When he was happy, or in a good mood, his eyes would be purple. However, when his favorite toy was taken from him, or when he was crying, his eyes would become green.

He could also say a few words, and was very intelligent for his age. Because he was Wiliam's first born, the Half-Elf's other wives would often kidnap him, so that they could kiss, hug, and squeeze him to oblivion.

Seeing that her beloved was approaching, Chiffon decided to ask for his help and let him handle the request of the two little girls, who were adamant about becoming her children's Godmothers.

"I want to be the Godmother of Chiffon's babies!"

"Cinnamon also wants to be a Godmother!"

William blinked once then twice after hearing the two pink-haired girls' demands.

Becoming the Godmother of their younger selves? Just what kind of situation was this?

If this was what it meant to love oneself, wasn't this taken to the next level?

The Half-Elf looked at his wife for her opinion, but Chiffon simply pressed her hands together as if pleading for William to handle this matter himself.

After pondering for some time, William decided to agree to their request, but on one condition.

"The two of you can become Godmothers, but it will not be to Chiffon's babies."

"Eh... we want to be the Godmother of Chiffon's babies," Maple pouted and her cheeks puffed out like a squirrel that had packed their cheeks with nuts and berries to eat at a later time.

"Cinnamon wants to be Godmother!" Chiffon also pouted and looked at William as if he was a big bully.

William chuckled as he crouched down to present Ciel to the two adorable girls, who were looking at him with a face filled with injustice.

"His name is Ciel," William said. "How about you become his Godmothers instead?"

"Ciel?" Maple blinked. "He looks just like Big Brother when he was young. What do you think, Cinnamon?"

"Cinnamon thinks that he looks like Big Brother, too," Cinnamon replied. "Just smaller and cuter."

Ciel, who was now being stared at by two girls older than him, just looked at Maple and Cinnamon with innocent eyes.

"Big Sis," Ciel said as he gazed at the two pink-haired girls whose faces were just a foot away from his face.

"He called me Big Sis!" Maple exclaimed.

"No. He called Cinnamon Big Sis!" Cinnamon denied Maple's claim.

"Big Sis," Ciel repeated as he reached out towards the two pink-haired girls who each grabbed one of his hands.

"Do you want me to be your Godmother?" Maple asked.

"Do you want Cinnamon to be your Godmother, too?" Cinnamon inquired.

Ciel nodded his head, making the two girls' eyes sparkle.

"I am Big Brother's Godmother!" Maple said.

"Cinnamon is Big Brother's Godmother too!" Cinnamon commented as she patted Ciel's head. "Good boy."

"Oh! Me too!" Maple also patted Ciel's head, ruffling the Elf boy's hair, making it look like a bird's nest.

William and Chiffon chuckled when they saw this scene.

Although they didn't know what would happen in the future, the two pink-haired girls becoming Ciel's Godmothers was still better than becoming the Godmothers of their world's Maple and Cinnamon, who would be born in a few months time.