Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

A young man with short black hair, and red eyes looked peacefully at the lake's waters while holding a fishing pole in his hands.

The young ladies who happened to pass by him, couldn't help but give him a second glance because although the young man didn't go out of his way to wear fashionable clothes, or style his hair, he still looked devilishly handsome.

He was just like one of those lone vagabonds who traveled the world, meeting new people and seeing different places, as they looked for a place that they could call their home.

As for his eyes, they thought that he was just using colored contacts, which they thought matched his overall appearance.

Some of the bolder, and more courageous, young ladies even approached the young man in order to initiate a conversation.

To their surprise, the devilishly handsome young man replied to them in a polite, and friendly manner, making their faces turn beet red.

His words were not refined like a gentleman, but his easy going attitude, and his child-like laughter—that was like the peeling of bells—made them want to take him back to their homes, and keep him there forever.

"Why don't we go to that cafe over there?" the girl pointed at the cafe located at the opposite side of the lake. "We will treat you to some food or drinks. Right, girls?"

"Of course! We'd love to!"

"Please join us for an afternoon snack. I would love to hear your stories."

The young man looked at the young ladies with an apologetic look in his face and told them that he was waiting for two people to come and pick him up.

However, the young ladies had no intention of leaving because, after talking to him, they found him very endearing, and pleasing to their hearts and eyes.

Soon, more young ladies decided to approach the young man and before he knew it, he was surrounded by pretty young ladies, who were asking about his hobbies, the types of food he liked to eat, as well as what kind of qualities he was looking for in a girl.

The young man answered their questions, and for the questions he didn't know the answer, he just scratched his head and gave an innocent chuckle, melting the hearts of the single ladies who had marked him as their target.

"I knew this would happen."

A voice filled with exasperation was heard by the young man, as well as the ladies that were surrounding him.

"Well, he's not doing it on purpose. He just doesn't know better," a young lady's voice filled with helplessness said. "Conan doesn't understand these things. He is just being polite and friendly like he is with everyone."

"That's the problem! He doesn't know that he can make any girl fall for him because of his carefree ways!"

"Alright calm down. We're taking him home."

Conan, as well as the young ladies who were surrounding him, turned their heads to the side and saw two drop-dead gorgeous ladies, who were looking at the devilishly handsome young man with a helpless expression on their beautiful faces.

"Aisha, Claire, these kind ladies are inviting me to have an afternoon snack with them," Conan said. "Can I go?"

"No," Aisha replied bluntly. "You're coming with us before you leave these young ladies heartbroken."

"Everyone, I'm sorry but he is already married," Claire said. "We're his wives, and we've come to pick him up."

"We're married?" Conan blinked innocently as he looked at the two beautiful women, who gave him the "just nod your head like the obedient boy you are" gaze, making Conan scratch his head.

"Are you married, Sir Conan?" one of the ladies beside Conan asked.

"Um, not yet, but they are my fiances. We are planning to marry after a year," Conan replied. "They are also the people that I am waiting for."

The young ladies looked heartbroken as they looked at the two beautiful ladies who surpassed them in looks and at least three sizes.

They could only watch helplessly as Conan took Claire's hand and walked away, hand in hand, with her and the other beauty who had come to pick him up.𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

"We should have chosen a place with less people," Aisha said with a sigh. "Conan is simply too defenseless. He just doesn't know how to say No."

"I know, right?" Claire replied. "What a troublesome fiance."

Aisha looked exactly like Ashe. The only difference between them was that Ashe had light-blue hair, while Aisha had light-brown hair.

She was none other than Isaac, who was Ian's twin, when they were still trapped in the bodies of young boys before William lifted the curse on their bodies.

Claire, who was Chloee's twin, intertwined her fingers with Conan's, making sure that the latter wouldn't wander off anywhere and make girls fawn over him needlessly.

Actually, the night when William made love with Celeste and took her Chastity, her Divinity entered William's Spiritual World and made the hearts of his two dead Familiars beat once again.

However, they were still too weak to do anything, and were in a comatose state.

When the war started, the two Divinities that had been given to William by the Loli Goddess Lily and by the Harem King, Issei, merged with Elliot and Conan, becoming the spark that rekindled their consciousness and the powers that were sleeping inside them.

In short, the Lollipop and the King Chess Piece became Elliot's and Conan's secondary hearts, similar to the gem in WIlliam's chest that was given to him by Ashe in order to save his life.

During the battle, they had used 100% of their full powers, making them also use up the power of the Two Divinities.

The two of them returned to the Graveyard of the Familiars, but to the surprise of the God of Familiars, Elliot's and Conan's hearts were still beating inside their chests.

The two of them were in a Half-Dead, Half-Alive state within their Soul Crystals.

However, just to be sure, the God of Familiars didn't tell this news to William right away. He waited a year to see if there was any further development because he didn't want to give the Half-Elf any false hope.

Finally, after a year, the God of Familiars summoned Wiliam back to the Topmost Floor of the Tower of Babylon and had him take a look at Elliot's and Conan's Soul Crystals, making him become ecstatic.

He returned them to his Spiritual World once again, and a month later the Soul Crystals broke apart, allowing Elliot and Conan to once again open their eyes.

However, this time, both of them were different.

They could now freely transform into their teenage version of themselves, and even if they used their full powers, they would only return to a comatose-like-state for a month before reviving again.

The God of Familiars also shared this ability with Chloee and Claire, allowing Claire to transform into her teenage form, similar to Chloee when she became the Half-Elf's lover.

Elliot, Conan, Chloee, and Claire, looked like they were only in their late teens, and their youthful appearance could easily make anyone's heads turn to look in their direction.

As for how Aisha and Claire became Conan's fiances?

Claire already looked at Conan favorably and, since Chloee had already married William, she felt that it was also time for her to have a partner as well.

Because of this, she took the initiative to tell Conan her feelings, but was surprised when someone beat her to the confession.

Aisha, had somehow fallen in love at first sight when she saw Conan's adult form, and perhaps due to her sister marrying William, Aisha also felt that there was nothing wrong to marrying the devilishly handsome young man, whose innocent laughter and carefree attitude made her feel like he was the one for her.

Claire wasn't fazed about having someone confess to Conan first. Since Conan was William's familiar, and the Half-Elf had over thirty wives, and was on the brink of surpassing forty, Claire didn't mind sharing the Devilish Familiar with another woman.

However, she insisted that Conan make a promise to her that he wouldn't follow his Master's ways of having many women as his wives.

Not wanting to make Claire and Aisha sad, Conan promised that he would not have a harem like William.

With the Half-Elf's, Celeste's, and everyone's blessings, Aisha and Claire became Conan's fiances.

The three of them had decided to start their relationship as friends and now, they had reached a stage when they were confident to say that they truly loved and cared for each other.

The next day, Conan opened his eyes, and found himself locked in the embrace of two naked ladies on his left and right side.

Perhaps, due to what happened in the lake, Aisha and Claire became jealous, and decided to make love to the devilishly handsome young man, who allowed the two girls to take the lead.

Conan looked at the faces of his two beautiful fiances, and softly planted a kiss on their foreheads before pulling them closer to his chest.

"I love you, Aisha, Claire," Conan said softly before closing his eyes to enjoy the softness and the warmth that his two fiances brought to his life.

Aisha and Claire didn't open their eyes, but their hands moved to hold Conan firmly in their embrace, locking him in place.

He was their man, and they had no intention of sharing him with any other lady. It would only be the two of them, who would love him, just as much as he loved them.