Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Medusa and Cherry walked side by side while carrying six-month old babies in their arms.

These adorable babies didn't belong to them because they were the children of Titania and Loxos.

The two girls would often take care of William's children, while their mothers were busy. The Half-Elf had a very big family, and the two of them were more than happy to watch over the little ones because all of them were so cute.

Titania's first born was a girl, while Loxos first born was a boy.

Titania's baby girl, Aurora, had hair as red as a rose and green eyes, while Loxos' baby boy, Leon, also had red hair, and golden eyes.

Truth be told, they were Medusa's and Cherry's favorites among all of William's kids, and they would often take a stroll while carrying the two well-behaved children in their arms.

As the two strolled the picturesque Flower Field of Asgard, they found a Half-Elf, and a Half-Ling sleeping in the green grass.

Erinys rested her head on William's left arm, while the Half-Elf's right hand rested on the small bulge of her abdomen.

The Half-Ling was currently four months pregnant, and she was the third to become pregnant with William's child, among the seven ladies who represented the Virtue of Hope.

The first one to get pregnant was Haleth, and the second one was Pearl. Currently, the beautiful Hal-Elf was seven months pregnant, while Pearl was six months pregnant.

As for the remaining four, they said that they wanted to wait until Haleth, Pearl, and Erinys gave birth before they considered having children of their own.

In truth, if William wanted all of them to get pregnant, he would just make love with Cathy with the intention of getting her pregnant.

However, he didn't do this because Cathy said that all of their babies were her babies as well, so there was no need for her to hurry up and give birth to William's child.Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

The Half-Elf also understood that Cathy's circumstance was a bit complicated. If she really wanted to give birth to William's child, the seven ladies would have to be merged together for a year, in order to allow her to give birth on her own.

Since this was not possible at this time, Cathy decided to wait, and let the other ladies go first.

"Must be nice," Cherry said softly. "I want to have a baby too."

"That's right," Medusa nodded. "I'm sure that my baby will be cute as well."

The two girls then looked at the two sleeping people in front of them.

William and Erinys were sound asleep, and the two of them looked so peaceful that Medusa and Cherry wondered if sleeping on the grass really felt that good.

However, since both of them were holding babies in their arms, they decided to just sit on the grass and take a short break.

The gentle, and refreshing breeze blew past them, making the babies in their hands sleepy.

Cherry hummed a lullaby, which made the two babies yawn.

A minute later, Aurora and Leon fell asleep, and the two girls looked at them with tenderness and affection.

A while later, they noticed that William had woken up and was looking at them with a smile.

"Both of you will make great mothers someday," William said to the two who had discovered that he was observing them.

In truth, William had woken up soon after Cherry had started humming a lullaby for his kids. Because he didn't want to disturb her, he simply watched over them.

The Half-Elf was about to say more, but the words he planned to say became stuck in his throat after hearing Cherry's sudden outburst.

"Will, give me a baby!" Cherry said as she looked at the Half-Elf who almost choked on the words he was about to say. "I want one with red hair and golden eyes like Leon."

The corner of William's lips twitched as he looked at the young girl who just turned fifteen a month ago.

"We have had this discussion many times already," William replied. "You're still too young. Just wait three to five more years."

"You're so unfair," Cherry pouted. "Five months from now you are going to marry Big Sis Aeilin (Superbia), Ingrid (Invidia), Audrey, Princess Eowyn and Rebecca. Why didn't you add mine and Medusa's names to the list?"

William chuckled after hearing Cherry's complaint.

Unlike her current looks, Medusa was actually older than the Half-Elf by a few years. However, since she was treated like a little sister by her Big Sister Gorgons, she always had the mindset of a child.

Although this mindset had started to change over the years, being with Chiffon, Cherry, and Erinys still made Medusa think that she was of the same age as them.

As for Aeilin and Ingrid, since there was no man better than William, they decided to choose him as their husband.

Audrey had this same train of thought as well. Aside from Cherry and her, all of their sisters were now married to the Half-Elf. Truth be told, Audrey was surprised that William was able to take such good care of the many women that surrounded him at any given time.

She also saw how passionate William was with his wives, and knew that if any of them were to get hurt, he would ensure that whoever was responsible would suffer his wrath. Because of this, she felt that marrying him wasn't so bad afterall, especially after she witnessed how hard William tried to protect everyone when Surtr started targeting them.

Audrey knew that William would love her just as much as her sisters, and she would be safe with him.

As for princess Eowyn, her marriage with him was more of a political one.

Although William had already married, Acedia, Celine, and Celeste, the Elven Royal Family, as well as the newly formed Elven Council, still felt that they needed to have a member of the Royal Family marry the Half-Elf, so that they would be joined at the hips for life.

William felt a bit sorry for the Princess, so he decided to agree to the marriage. However, he also promised that he would put great effort in nurturing their feelings for each other and make her happy.

As for Rebecca, she and the Half-Elf had a long talk in Lont before the war started. They both agreed that they would wait until the war was over before they tackled this question again.

But, right after the war ended, Lawrence, Rebecca's Grandfather, dragged James to a drinking party and pestered the Old Bandit about honoring the agreement they had made in the past.

The Old Fox insisted that since it was James and him who had settled on the marriage agreement, that other parties didn't have the right to break his granddaughter's engagement.

James also felt a bit guilty because he was the one who had come up with the idea in the past, so he promised Lawrence that he would talk to William about it, on the condition that it would be the Half-Elf who had the last word.

What the two of them didn't know was that William and Rebecca had already talked after the war ended and decided to start their relationship as friends.

In the past three years, their relationship had progressed from being friends, to lovers. Now, this childhood fiance, had truly become his fiance, and would be married to him in six months time.

"I can marry Master anytime I want," Medusa said, "but I want the two of us to marry him together, Cherry. Since Master said that you're still too young, I decided to wait until you're old enough to marry. That way, you won't be lonely when you go to the altar."

"Medusa, you're the only one who understands me!" Cherry said as she looked at the little Gorgon with a teary face.

Erinys opened her eyes and giggled after hearing the exchange between her two best friends.

Truth be told, she also looked forward to the day where she would share her beloved with the two people whom she also loved dearly.

"Let's go back," William proposed as he helped Erinys stand up. "It seems that Tiana and Loxos have returned."

Medusa and Cherry looked in the direction William was looking and they saw two ladies flying towards them.

The Little Gorgon and the Virtuous Young Lady of Charity returned their adorable babies to their rightful mothers, who gave them kisses, and thanks for taking good care of their children, while they were away.

Cherry then moved to hold William's arms and pestered him to set a date for their marriage. After nearly ten minutes of negotiations, both agreed that William would marry Medusa, and Cherry when the latter turned eighteen.

What they all didn't know was that a few years in the future, Cherry would give birth to triplets, making her the only one among William's wives, who had more than two children.

But, this is a story to be told at another time.