Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

"Call me Big Sis!"

"Sis."

"Awwwwww! You're so cute!"

Belle's best friend, Paula, squealed as she hugged Belle's daughter, Stella, who was only a year and a half old.

The black-haired beauty's other best friend, Hana, wasn't able to stop herself and also hugged Stella, who still had a calm expression on her face, despite the fact that two pretty ladies were fawning over her.

"Can I take her home?" Paula asked.

"Of course not," Belle replied. "Just find a good man to marry and raise your own baby."

Paula snorted as she looked at her best friend while hugging the adorable Stella in her arms.

"Easy for you to say!" Paula glared at Belle, who was looking at her with a mischievous smile. "All the good looking men are taken! I wouldn't be able to find one even if I looked!"

"Can you introduce us to some nice guys from Hestia?" Hana asked. "It doesn't matter if they are not that rich. As long as their character is good, I'll be fine with it."

"Yes! Introduce us!" Paula commented. "Make sure they are good looking as well!"

"I'll see what I can do, but no promises," Belle relented after being pestered repeatedly by her best friends who dreamed of marrying a charming prince who came from another world.

The three girls were currently inside a cafe and taking a short break from their shopping.

As for how the black-haired beauty managed to go to Earth, it was all thanks to the Bifrost Bridge.

Belle could travel to Earth using the Bifrost Bridge anytime she wanted now, because the foundation that was placed by Cathy several years ago was now stable.

She would often visit her parents, and allow them to spend some time with their granddaughter, which made Raymond and his wife, Adele, extremely happy.

Even though she already had a daughter, Belle still looked like a fashion model in her early teens, making her best friends very jealous of her.

"By the way, why isn't William with you?" Hana asked. "How can he allow you and Stella to travel here on your own? He is a celebrity here, and as his wife, you are a celebrity as well.  Isn't he afraid that some bad guys might take this opportunity and kidnap the two of you?"

"That's right." Paula nodded. "Stella is so cute. What will happen if some random thug kidnaps her?"

Belle could only giggle after hearing her two best friends' worries.

If there was someone who was stupid enough to mess with a Pseudo-God like her, they would definitely be kicking a steel plate, and that would be their end.

"If I see him, I'll give him a piece of my mind," Paula stated. "He should at least assign some bodyguards to you."

"Don't worry, nothing will happen to m–" Belle wasn't able to finish his words because several armed men entered the cafe and pointed guns at the staff, ordering them to crouch down on the floor with their hands on the back of their heads.

While this was happening, five people walked towards Belle's table and pointed their guns at the black-haired beauty, and her two best friends, Paula and Hana, took a defensive stance to protect Stella that was currently in Paula's hands.

"Who are you? And what do you want?" Hana asked as she stood in front of Paula and Stella, shielding the two of them from the armed men who were wearing masks to cover their faces. "Don't you know who she is?"

Hana pointed at Belle who was still casually taking a sip of her lemon tea as if what was happening around her was nothing to be concerned about.

"I know who she is," the leader of the masked men replied. "She is Belle Von Ainsworth. Wife of William Von Ainsworth who is currently treated as a VIP in this country."

"Since you know then why are you doing this?" Hana asked. "Do you really want to anger someone who can summon lightning bolts at will?"

The leader of the masked men laughed as he pointed the barrel of his gun at the back of Belle's head.

"What can he do?" the masked man asked. "As long as we use his wife and daughter as hostages, he can't do sh*t."

Belle calmly placed the glass of lemon tea on the table, and was about to show the masked man "what she can do" when suddenly, the sound of door chimes spread inside the cafe.

Everyone looked at the direction of the door and found an angelic young man with blonde hair and blue eyes.

He was wearing fashionable clothes that brought out his good looks, and the silver cross that dangled from his right ear made him look like one of those famous idols who were part of a boy group.

Immediately, one of the masked men pointed his gun at the handsome teenager and shouted.

"Crouch down on the ground with your hands behind your back," the masked man ordered. "As long as you are obedient, none of us will beat you up and destroy your good looks."

The young man looked around the cafe in a casual manner as if he didn't hear what the masked man was saying to him.

When his gaze landed on Belle, the young man smiled and walked towards her.

"Will said that he reserved a family dinner at that fancy restaurant that just opened up at six in the evening," Elliot said. "He asked me to tell you to invite your family as well. Right now, he is in a meeting with the Prime Minister of Country C and will be here as soon as their talks have ended."

Belle nodded. "Thank you, Elliot. I'll go to my parents house after this."

The masked men glanced at each other before one of them walked towards Elliot with the intention to smack the back of the handsome teenager's head with his gun.

However, before the masked man could even do what he intended, his body shook crazily before falling down on the ground face first.

"He's one of those Revengers!" the leader of the masked men shouted. "Kill him!"

Immediately, all the masked men pointed at Elliot and prepared to shoot.

But, before they could even pull the triggers of their guns, all of them were electrocuted. Their bodies shook crazily until their eyes rolled up in their sockets.

One by one, they fell on the ground, twitching like dying insects.

After making sure that all the masked men were unconscious, Elliot took out his cell phone and called for the police, telling them of what happened inside the cafe.

Half an hour later, all the members of the criminal group were arrested, and the owner of the shop profusely thanked Elliot for not destroying his shop when he subjugated the masked men who intended to kidnap Belle and her daughter, Stella.

"Elliot, I'll take Stella and go to my parent's house," Belle whispered. "Can you escort my friends back to their homes? I think they're still suffering from trauma."

"Okay," Elliot nodded. "Don't worry. I'll make sure that they get home safe."

After bidding goodbye to her friends, Belle flew into the sky carrying Stella in her arms.

The little girl waved at Paula and Hana, who both had dumbfounded looks on their faces.

They didn't know that Belle could fly, and it made them feel as if many things had happened to their best friend since the last time they saw her.

However, they were broken out of their daze when Elliot approached them and told them that he would escort both of them back to their houses.

"You know, you look just like William," Paula said as she gazed at Elliot with a blush on her face. "The only differences are your hairstyles, and the color of your hair and eyes. But everything else looks exactly the same."

"That's right," Hana commented. "Are you perhaps his cousin?"

Elliot chuckled. "I'm not his cousin. I'm his Famil– Family. I am part of his family."

Paula and Hana then exchanged a glance before the two of them grabbed Elliot's left and right hand, and looked at him as if their lives depended on it.

"Then… are you single?" Paula asked.

"I'm single," Elliot replied.

"My parents are on a business trip," Hana said as her face slowly turned beet red. "Do you want to have some tea at our place?"

"Tea?" Elliot smirked as he looked at the two pretty girls who were looking at him with an expression that they might die if he declined their offer. "Sure. I have time to have some tea."

"Great!" Hana said happily. "Let's go! My house is not far from here."

Paula and Hana exchanged a knowing glance with each other.

Since the hunk that both of them were holding hands with was single, they would definitely not allow him to escape their grasp.

What the two pretty ladies didn't know was that Elliot was also smiling in his heart.

He knew that the two ladies were planning to eat him once they arrived at Hana's home.

What the two girls didn't know was that the angelic young man, who looked as if he was the coolest and nicest guy in the world, was in fact a wolf in sheep's clothing.

An hour later, the two ladies were lying on the bed naked with satisfied looks on their faces, as they hugged the angelic young man in their arms.

Their bodies were covered with kiss marks, showing every place that Elliot had kissed and bitten them.

Although they already planned to eat him, they didn't expect that their roles would be reversed, and they would be the ones that were eaten instead.Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

A week after that incident, Paula and Hana became Elliot's girlfriends, which surprised not only Belle, but also William and Conan.

The most surprising part was that Elliot didn't look for any other girls aside from them, and treated the two pretty women with love and respect, until he was finally able to make their parents agree to allow the two girls to marry him in Hestia.

Paula had three children with Elliot, while Hana had two.

They lived happily within the Ainsworth Empire, and settled in a villa in the countryside, surrounded by their adorable children, which made Elliot feel as if his life was finally complete.