Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"It's finally done," William said with a smile as he looked at the monument that he had built at the center of the Ainsworth Empire's Capital City, which had been demolished by the giants during the war.

On an elevated marble platform, the words "The Patron Gods of the Ainsworth Empire" were written in bold letters, informing everyone of the identities of the marble statues that stood above it.

In the center of the Platform, five marble statues with different posts could be seen, towering above everyone who walked past this landmark.

William's Patron God, Gavin, stood in the middle of the marble statues with his arms crossed over his chest, looking straight ahead, as if he was looking at a bright future.

On his right, was an adorable girl, who was doing a double peace sign with a sweet smile on her face. Naturally, this little girl was none other than Lily, the Loli Goddess, who had done many things for William behind the scenes.

On Gavin's left was the Harem God, and William's Sworn Brother, Issei. The handsome God had a confident smile on his face, and his hands were making a gesture of the finger heart that was now becoming popular on Earth.

Beside him was none other than the God of Shepherds, David.

The old man had a friendly smile on his face as he held a staff in one of his hands, as if using it as a support in order to stand.

Finally, behind these four statues, was a five-meter tall marble robot. With his arms spread wide, encompassing the four smaller figures.

He was none other than Truck-Kun.

Originally, he didn't plan to add the Isekai Specialist to his masterpiece. But, after thinking about it a lot, he finally decided to add Truck-kun as one of the Patron Gods of the Ainsworth Empire.

The reason for this was quite simple.F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

If Truck-kun hadn't appeared back then and sent his soul spiraling towards the Red Portal, which was the world of Hestia, William might have reincarnated in a different world, and wouldn't be able to reunite with his lovers from his past lives.

He would have missed the chance to keep the thousand year promises that he had broken in the past, and probably would have lived a life quite different from the one he had lived so far.

"Perhaps it was fate," William muttered as he stared at the five statues with his arms crossed over his chest.

"Fate?" a playful voice sounded behind William. "Do you really think so?"

The Half-Elf turned around and his eyes widened in shock when he saw three beautiful ladies smiling back at him.

One of them had long golden hair, and eyes as blue as the sky.

The other had long, light-brown hair, and eyes as green as emeralds.

The third, and the youngest of the three, had long silver hair, and gray eyes that seemed to see the depths of a person's soul.

William had seen all three of them in a distant past, and his eyes teared up because he never thought he would see them again.

"We meet again, Pendragon," the lady with long golden hair said with a smile. "Congratulations on saving this world, as well as having many beautiful wives."

"Urd, it's nice to see you again," William replied before he looked at the three ladies that he shared a special bond with. "Will the three of you erase my memories like you did last time?"

The youngest of them all, Skuld, giggled after hearing William's words.

"Well, it depends on our mood," Skuld stated. "So, make sure to say the right things and we'll let you keep your memories this time."

"You're as cute as ever, Skuld."

"Hmp! Flattery won't get you anywhere, but I won't deduct any points for telling the truth."

The three ladies were none other than the Norns who weaved the Fates of all the people in the world.

Sometimes, they helped people in their trials. Other times, they gave counsel, so they wouldn't lose their way.

Urd represented the Past.

Verdandi the Present.

And Skuld represtend the Future.

The three Ladies who were said to control the Fate of people's lives appeared in front of William to talk to him one last time.

"Will, right now, are you happy?" Verdandi asked. She who lived at the present already knew the answer to this question, and yet, she still asked it because she wanted to hear it from William's own lips.

"Yes," WIlliam replied. "I am very happy right now."

Skuld grabbed hold of William's hand and swung it side to side, acting like a spoiled child.

"You know, I can no longer see what the future holds for you, as well as the people around you," Skuld said with a pout. "It's unfair, you know? I want to see spoilers, but I can't. There was a time that I even tried to bribe the Spoiler God, but he just told me No Spoilers! Isn't he mean?"

William chuckled after hearing the little girl's complaints. Elliot once told him that the ability to see the future was both a curse and a blessing.

The Angelic Familiar added that sometimes, he didn't wish to see the things he saw, and yet, he didn't regret seeing them because it allowed William to overcome the obstacles that were presented to him during his dire moments.

Elliot complained a lot to William, when he, Conan, and Elliot, had a drinking party with just the three of them, about the hardships he had in the past. Also, the Angelic Familiar also asked for relationship advice, which surprised the Half-Elf and Conan back then.

This was during the time when Hana and Paula had made their move on Elliot.

Although the Angelic Familiar could just walk away and treat the incident as a one time thing, he didn't do that, and decided to give the two pretty girls a chance to have a proper relationship with him.

The Half-Elf then looked at the eldest among the three, who seemed to want to tell him something.

"Even though I am someone who dwells in the past, I also look forward to seeing what kind of future you will create, Will," Urd said with a smile. "I'm sure that I, as well as those who will be able to read the story of your life in the days to come will say that it has truly been a rollercoaster ride."

William smiled bitterly. "If possible, I just want to live a calm and peaceful life from now on. I've fought enough battles to last me a lifetime."

"Well, I can't refute that," Verdandi chuckled. "But, since we are in the present, I guess it is safe to say that no World-Ending Calamities will happen in this world in the next million years."

"This is why we need Spoilers!" Skuld continued to pout.

William patted the energetic little girl's head. "I never think of the future. It will come soon enough."

"Boooo! Kill Joy!"

"You're just too spoiled, Skuld."

Urd sighed as she rested her hand on Verdandi's shoulder.

"Times up," Urd said.

Verdandi nodded, and Skuld reluctantly let go of William's hand before walking towards her sisters. The time had come for them to say their goodbyes, and even though the time they spent together was short, this fleeting moment was memorable in its own way.

William had already noticed that the moment the three Goddesses appeared, time came to a complete standstill.

The people around him, the birds flying in the sky, as well as the other minute things in the world were frozen in time.

The Norns were powerful Goddesses, and those who saw them often forget their faces.

"Goodbye, Will," Urd said. "And remember, when the past no longer illuminates the future, the spirit walks in darkness."

"However, you don't have to worry about this," Verdandi added. "At the present, your wives, family, and friends will keep that light burning for a very long time."

"Even though I can't see your future, I am certain that it will be a good one," Skuld said as she patted her chest with confidence. "The best way to predict the future is to create it!"

Verdandi clasped her hands together and gave William a smile filled with a promise.

"Live every moment," Verdandi said softly. "Laugh everyday, and Love beyond words."

The three Norns exchanged a glance with each other before their bodies slowly rose up towards the sky, waving at the Half-Elf, who also waved back at them.

"""We will always be with you, whether it is the past, present, and future."""

"Goodbye, Will!"

As soon as those last words were spoken, the world around the Half-Elf started to move once again. Time had stopped for everyone but him, allowing him to talk to the three ladies, who rarely interacted with mortals.

The Half-Elf looked around him and saw many pointing at the statues that William had erected in the plaza, and were amazed at how realistic they looked.

William looked at the heavens and smiled.

This time, the Fates allowed him to keep his memories of them, making him feel incredibly blessed.

As if waiting for that moment, a rainbow suddenly appeared above the Ainsworth Empire.

Telling the Half-Elf that even though they might not meet each other again in this lifetime, they would always be watching him, from the Halls of Udr, and wishing that he, and those who supported and witnessed his journey from start to end, would be blessed with all the happiness this world had to offer.