Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Arwen looked at the setting sun as she rested her head on her husband's shoulder.

Maxwell was able to create an avatar now, similar to the homunculus that Arwen had made for Acedia when she went to the Southern Continent to enroll at the Hellan Royal Academy.

This avatar was something that he had nourished inside the World Tree for the past decade, recreating the body that he had lost long ago.

"William is going to get married again in a few months," Maxwell said. "He's going to marry Princess Eowyn this time around. It seems that the Royal Family is serious in forming bonds with our family."

Arwen nodded against his shoulder.

"How many wives does he have now?"

"I stopped counting after it went past twenty," Arwen replied. "Also, I'm sure that this won't be the last time he is going to marry."

Maxwell chuckled. "Hah~ My son is living the life. He has so many beautiful wives. I'm so envio-heok!"F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

The handsome man wasn't able to finish his words because Arwen had delivered a strong punch to his gut, making him keel over.

"Dear, what did you say again?" Arwen said with a smile that didn't reach her eyes. "I think I misheard it."

"Y-You misheard it," Maxwell replied with a pained expression as he rubbed his stomach. "I said I'm so envious because you went to his wedding, and I didn't. This time, I will go and meet my daughter-in-laws."

Arwen nodded her head and caressed the side of Maxwell's face. "If you flirt with anyone at the wedding, I'll CUT it off, okay?"

Maxwell subconsciously shuddered after hearing Arwen's subtle threat. He had painstakingly created the body he had now over the last ten years, and one mistake would make him an eunuch for life.

"A-Arwen, what do you think Will's reaction will be after we tell him the good news?" Maxwell asked in order to change the topic.

His wife was the Saintess, and was beautiful beyond words. However, when she got angry, even he, as the former Dungeon Conqueror, felt as if his Million Beast Army would not be able to save him from her wrath.

Arwen's expression softened after hearing Maxwell's words. She then lightly touched her abdomen with a smile as she imagined William's reaction after he found out that he would be a big brother in a year's time.

"I'm sure that he will be surprised," Arwen replied. "But, since both of us agreed that we will not check its gender, I wonder if he will have a little brother or a little sister."

"I hope it's a boy," Maxwell said.

"And why do you want it to be a boy?" Arwen asked in curiosity.

"Because I don't want to start killing people when she becomes a teenager. Just thinking about my future daughter getting courted by someone makes me want to start a genocide."

"... You know, that is the problem with your niece, Eve. William and James seemed hellbent to feed any of her suitors to the fishes, making her unable to find someone to marry. The poor child. You Ainsworths sure are overprotective of your girls."

Maxwell smirked. "But of course! Every lady in our family is precious. We won't just hand them over to some random guy without trying to kill them first!"

Arwen shook her head helplessly because Wiliam had said the exact same thing to her when she had gone to the Ainsworth Empire to visit her grandkids.

When the image of her grandkids appeared inside her head, Arwen's heart melted because all of them were extremely adorable.

"I miss them," Arwen said. "How about we visit the Ainsworth Empire tomorrow?"

"Tomorrow?" Maxwell rubbed his chin. "Sounds like a good plan. This is my first time visiting my grandkids, should I prepare gifts for them?"

"Just some snacks will do. They're still too young for anything else."

"Snacks? Okay. I'll give them the sap of the World Tree. They can add it to their cookies and bread to make it taste better."

Arwen nodded in agreement with her husband's proposal.

Truth be told, the Sap of the World Tree was very precious and it was used by the Elves to create an elixir that could cure almost every kind of disease.

The Saintess of the World Tree collected the sap and gave it to the Elven Council, so that they could distribute it to the major Elven Clans. However, the quantity of the sap was always limited, allowing all families to only get a small bottle each.

However, what they didn't know was that the World Tree produced a lot of this extremely precious sap. Arwen just didn't want everyone to have more than what was needed, so she strictly regulated the distribution of the sap every year.

"I'll give Will a hundred bottles," Arwen commented.

"Only a hundred? How about we give them a thousand?" Maxwell stated. "The sap is also good for pregnant mothers because it gives the child inside their body plenty of nutrients. It helps their body become stronger, and it also guarantees safe childbirth."

"You're right, let's give them ten thousand bottles."

"Good."

After making their plans, the two returned to the Sacred Grove and began filling up bottle after bottle of the honey-like sap of the World Tree that almost all of the Elven Families craved.

If they knew that the son of the Saintess would get ten thousand bottles of the sap of the World Tree, they would definitely choke in anger because of the one measly bottle they got once a year.

--------

The next day in the Ainsworth Empire...

"Grandma, this is for you," Ciel said as he handed a violet flower to a young lady with light-blue hair.

"Thank you, Ciel," Ella replied with a smile as she took the flower from the three-year-old boy's hand, and placed it on her ear, making William's first born smile.

"I'll go pick another flower for you, Grandma."

"Okay, but don't go too far."

"Un!"

Ciel waded through the flower field in search of the most beautiful flower that he could give his grandma. While the red-headed little Elf was busy, Ella also busied herself in creating a crown of flowers for the black-haired little girl that was sitting in front of her.

"It's done, Stella," Ella said as she placed the wreath of flowers on top of the little girl's head.

"Thank you, Grandma," Stella smiled sweetly before kissing Ella's cheek as payment for the flower crown on her head.

"I want a flower crown, too!" a two-year old girl with sun-kissed skin, and red-hair said as she hugged Ella from behind.

"Okay, Raizel," Ella replied. "I'll make you one as well."

"Yay!" The little Amazon jumped up and down before running away to chase butterflies.

Ella giggled as she looked at the very energetic little girl, who would always accompany her on her strolls.

After making sure that Ciel and Raizel weren't going too far from her, Ella glanced at the sleeping beauty that was a few meters away from her.

Acedia lay in the field of flowers, with her hair serving as a cushion to allow her baby girl, Rena, to sleep comfortably.

Unlike the other red-headed children in William's family, Rena had golden hair just like her mother, and green eyes just like her father.

Just like her mother, Rena liked to sleep, so she was always with Acedia. Even when William was around, the little baby would just look at him for a few seconds before closing her eyes to sleep.

Almost all the ladies that William had married were either pregnant or had given birth to children.

Wendy and Estelle had conceived a bit late, but they were about to give birth in a few weeks, according to Titania's assumption.

Princess Sidonie had just given birth a month ago, and she named her beautiful daughter, Callista, which translates to "Most Beautiful".

The Succubus Princess was currently visiting her family back in the Southern Continent, to allow her father and her brother to see her adorable baby.

Princess Aila had also successfully given birth, and her baby boy was now four months old.

To everyone's surprise, her child was a purple-haired Half-Elf, whom she named Hyacinth.

​ Ella was more than happy to take care of William's children.

This reminded her of the time when she was raising the Half-Elf, who had somehow become the most influential man in the world of Hestia.

She had always liked taking care of children, so for her, William's children were her children.

Whenever their mothers were away, and the kids were hungry, she would often let them drink her milk, just as she had for their father, many years ago.

Right now, William's wives banned him from drinking Ella's milk, which made the Half-Elf scratch his head.

Of course, he was already way past that stage where he would drink Ella's milk, but in order to make sure that he didn't do it, the other pregnant ladies, like Celeste, would allow William to drink their breast milk while their babies were still in their wombs.

This misunderstanding left William helpless, but in order to give his wives some peace of mind, he just simply went with the flow and drank their milk on a nightly basis.

Ella found this whole situation very funny. She knew that her adopted son's wives were still wondering if her relationship with WIlliam was more than that of a mother and her son, so she didn't do anything to cause any misunderstandings.

William and Ella treated each other as family, so there was no romantic relationship between them.

They only had familial love for each other, but since they would exchange kisses on the cheeks from time to time, the people around them always thought that Ella would one day become the Half-Elf's wife as well.

Ella hummed as she made a crown of flowers for Raizel, while Stella laid her head on her grandma's lap.

The Heavenly Goat who had sacrificed her Divinity to allow Wiliam's soul to enter the Cycle of Reincarnation, smiled as she looked at the Heavens.

High above the sky, several stars twinkled in reply.

The constellation that had watched over William's many reincarnations, glowed faintly, continuing its vigil to ensure that this time around, the soul that she had saved, would live a happy and blessed life, surrounded by family and friends, and the people who held him dear in their hearts.