Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Celeste lovingly held the back of William's head as the latter suckled her right breast, drinking her breast milk.

She only needed to wait for a month or two before her baby was born, but she felt uncomfortable whenever her breast milk would leak out from her breast and stain her clothes, creating wet patches whenever she was taking a stroll around the castle.

She was not the only one that had this problem, but William's other wives as well. Because of this, they had asked him to drink their milk to solve their problem.

They also did this to ensure that the Half-Elf wouldn't go and look for Ella for the same reason. For them, the Half-Elf could not drink anyone else's milk aside from their own.

"All of you really smell like milk," William commented after releasing Celeste's pink… from his mouth. "It's your turn, Erinys."

"Okay." Erinys nodded as William kissed the bulge of her abdomen before moving towards her chest that had grown a little bigger due to her pregnancy.

This had become the Half-Elf's regular routine around bedtime, as well as anytime his wives needed his help.

One by one, he made sure that not a single drop was left, allowing them to feel more comfortable as the date of their childbirth neared.

"Thanks for your hard work, Will," Pearl said as she lovingly kissed the Half-Elf's lips, which now tasted and smelled like milk.

"You too, Pearl," William replied as he lightly caressed the bulge of the beautiful Elf's abdomen. "Thanks for your hard work."

Pearl blushed because she understood what he was trying to say. If she could go back in time and tell her past self that she would be marrying the Half-Elf whom she hated, she was certain that her past self wouldn't believe it.

Even now, she couldn't believe that she actually married William and was about to give birth to his child now.

"Life is full of surprises," Pearl said softly as William laid beside her.

"I agree," William replied as he continued to caress Pearl's abdomen. "Do you regret it?"

"I don't. I have grown to love you, Will. Please, love me for the rest of your life."

"I will. I promise."

The Half-Elf kissed his Elf wife before closing his eyes to rest. In less than two months, he would be marrying again, further increasing the number of wives he currently had.

Surprisingly, his wives didn't oppose his decision to marry, and when he asked Belle if she was really fine with him having more wives, the latter only gave him a helpless look and said.

"Isn't it a bit late to be asking me this question?" Belle asked. "I stopped caring after you got married the second time. Adding a few more won't make a difference."

His other wives also said similar answers when he asked them this question, and he knew that he was at fault for forgetting his promise with Belle.

Even so, he didn't regret it.

All of his wives and lovers were important to him, so he decided to take responsibility and marry all of them.

Still, he never thought that he would have a harem as big as the one he had now. Back then, Wendy had confessed to him, and that was the beginning of it all.Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

It was when his heart slowly opened up, allowing him to love again and break free from the shackles that bound him in the past.

Issei even jokingly said that William was lucky to have Donger with him.

If not, the chances of William reaching the age of thirty, despite being a long-lived Half-Elf, as well as a powerful Pseudo-God, was very unlikely due to the nightly activities that he would have with his wives, sapping him of his strength and stamina.

The Half-Elf couldn't agree more with the Harem God's comment because he simply couldn't satisfy all of his wives without Donger's help.

A few minutes later, the Half-Elf was sound asleep as he was embraced by his wives, who were pregnant with his children.

Since their term was very near, the Half-Elf ceased all lovemaking activities in order to not endanger the children in their wombs.

—--------

Somewhere in the Southern Continent…

"Should we send our wedding invitation to Big Brother?" Brianna asked her fiance, who was currently the Crown Prince of the Hellan Kingdom, Ernest Louis Vi Hellan.

The adorable girl that William had met in the Kyrintor Mountain, had now grown up to be a beautiful young lady, whose bright gray eyes made all the noblemen in the Hellan Kingdom, as well as the other three Kingdoms in the Southern Continent, look at her fondly.

If not for the fact that Ernest knew that Briana was loyal and loved him very much, he would definitely not allow her to meet other guys, whose eyes always sought her out whenever he appeared in important gatherings.

"Of course we should invite him," Ernest replied. "He is our benefactor. If not for him, you would have been forced to marry someone you didn't love, and this kingdom would have perished due to the Elven invasion that happened several years ago."

Brianna nodded her head as she allowed Ernest to hug her closer to him.

"I knew that Big Brother was special, but I never thought that he was THAT special," Brianna commented. "Sometimes, I wonder what would have happened if I didn't meet him back then."

Ernest kissed his fiance's forehead before hugging her tightly.

"It's no use thinking of What If's, and What Might Have Beens," Ernest said. "What we need to do right now is to think of what we should do from here."

"Oh? You want to talk about the future?"

"Yes."

Briana smiled sweetly before resting her head on Ernest's shoulder.

"How many children should we have?" Brianna asked, then watched as a deep blush crept up Ernest's cheeks.

Unlike William who was now a veteran in love, Ernest was still very innocent and didn't know much about the activities that lovers did.

The most he did with Brianna was kiss, hug, and hold hands.

"Two is fine," Ernest said after pondering for a time. "I heard that childbirth puts a toll on a woman's body. So having two children is the ideal."

Brianna giggled, but she too thought that having two children was good. Although she didn't mind giving birth to more, she decided to take things in stride and go with the flow.

"Your Big Sister gave birth to an adorable daughter," Brianna stated. "I hope that my daughter will be just as cute as her."

"You don't have to worry about that," Ernest smiled as he lightly squeezed Brianna's left hand, which was intertwined with his right hand. "Our children will be the most adorable in the world."

Brianna squeezed Ernest's hand back because the latter had become very eloquent in using words as part of his statecraft.

'If he had developed the same skill in love making, I'm sure that I would be pregnant by now,' Brianna thought. 'Maybe I should write a letter to Big Brother, asking him to teach Ernest a thing or two. Since he has so many wives, he must be very proficient in doing it, right?'

A few minutes later, Brianna decided that she would not write William a letter, but visit him personally instead.

Naturally, she would also drag her fiance, the Crown Prince, along with her with the excuse that they needed to see William in order to form stronger connections between their two nations.

A few days later, Ernest cried bitter tears after learning the real reason his fiance brought him to see William in the Ainsworth Empire.

However, after seeing how serious Brianna was, the Crown Prince decided to tough it out and ask the Half-Elf for help.

Naturally, William had no problems giving Ernest some advice because he didn't want the Crown Prince to make Brianna, whom he treated as his little sister, to suffer due to Ernest's lack of understanding towards lovemaking.

Of course, although William had many wives, he didn't think of himself as Master of the Arts. Because of this, he decided to ask the "TRUE" Expert, and took Ernest to the Floor of Asgard, where Owen was currently staying.

Naturally, Owen was more than happy to impart his knowledge to those who needed it, allowing Ernest to fully understand the hundreds of ways he could please the woman he loved.

Several months later, Brianna and Ernest were officially married, which also heralded a new era of prosperity within the Hellan Kingdom, due to their wise king and benevolent queen making sure that the mistakes of the past didn't happen again.

Several years later, Ernest's eldest son tried to court one of William's daughters and was almost fed to the fishes by the Half-Elf and James, whose overprotectiveness knew no bounds.

Of course, this was a story of the future, and would be told another time.