Chapter 1475  Chiffon After Story - Mega Ultimate Grand Carousel Escapade

"Mama, hurry!" A little girl, with shoulder length pink hair, pulled her mother's right hand with excitement.

"Cinnamon wants Mama to hurry as well," Another girl, who looked identical to her twin, pulled her mother's left hand as well. "Don't worry, the amusement park is not going anywhere," a pink-haired beauty, who was only a little over four feet tall said with a smile.

"But I want to ride the Mega Ultimate Grand Carousel," Maple said as she pointed at the attraction that was located at the very center of the amusement park.

"Cinnamon wants to ride that too!" Cinnamon stated.

Their mother, Chiffon, could only smile as she allowed her two daughters to drag her towards one of the best attractions of the biggest theme park that was built in the world of Hestia.

Today was its opening day, and only very select people were allowed to enter it for the first time.

Just as the three were making their way towards the Mega Ultimate Grand Carousel, a mascot that looked like a gummy bear appeared holding several colorful balloons in its hand.

Maple and Cinnamon, who saw the mascot, couldn't help but gulp before looking at their Mama with pleading eyes.

"Can I eat the Mascot?" Maple asked.

"Cinnamon wants to eat the Mascot as well," Cinnamon said.

Chiffon giggled before shaking her head. "You can't eat Mr. Mascot. He has come to give you balloons, so don't eat him, okay?"

Maple and Cinnamon nodded their heads. The Gummy Bear Mascot patted its chest in relief after hearing Chiffon's words. It had come to give the two little girls some freebies, but it almost became the twins' lunch because they loved to eat gummy bears.

The Gummy Bear Mascot handed the balloons to Chiffon, who tied them to her two daughter's wrists, so that it wouldn't be blown away by the wind.

The Mascot then escorted them towards the Mega Ultimate Grand Carousel, making the two little girls very excited.

As soon as they were allowed entry, the two little girls didn't hesitate to choose the carriage that resembled a Rainbow-Colored Anteater.

Unlike other Carousels, the Mega Ultimate Grand Carousel was a bit special. A single carriage could hold up to four people, so Chiffon, and her two daughters were able to fit the carriage without any problems.

A few minutes later, the Rainbow-Colored Anteater Carriage started to run, making the two girls cheer happily.

Although it was called Mega Ultimate Grand Carousel, it was more like a race between the other carriages, which were traveling along a circular race track that was the size of ten Olympic sized track and field race tracks merged into one.

The concept of the Mega Ultimate Grand Carousel was similar to Go Karts. But, instead of motors, they were powered by the pedals that were attached to the carriage. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Only one person could control, and move the carriage, and this fell onto Chiffon's hands. The beautiful Dwarf pedaled rapidly as her two daughters cheered for her, while they were strapped to their seats with their seat belts.

Suddenly, an arrow shaped carriage caught up to them, making the twins look to their right side.

Sitting in the carriage were two people. They were none other than Belle and her daughter, Stella.

Chiffon and Belle glanced at each other before the two of them smirked at the same time.

The two carriages breezed through the race track, leaving their competitors in the dust.

"We will win!" Maple shouted as she raised her hand. "Cinnamon will not lose!" Cinnamon also shouted, raising her hand.

Stella looked at her two little sisters and giggled.

Truth be told, she didn't really care whether her mother and her won the race or not.

However, seeing that Maple and Cinnamon were so hyped about winning, she felt that this was a good opportunity to record the two of them on video.

Stella took out her phone and pressed the recording button. She loved all of her sisters equally, but Maple and Cinnamon were the cutest among the bunch. She was certain that the moment she showed this video to her father and grandfather, both of them would melt and ask her to give them copies of it.

Chiffon was someone who didn't want to lose, especially since her daughters were cheering for her.

Because of this, she put extra effort in increasing the speed of their carriage, making them move ahead by half a meter.

Of course, Belle also didn't want to lose, so she also increased the speed of their carriage.

Ten minutes later, the two carriages passed the finish line, nearly at the same time.

However, according to the projection, Chiffon's carriage was ahead by a foot, so they were declared the winner.

Of course, there was no price or whatever because this attraction was simply for enjoyment.

Even so, the two twins were very happy that they managed to win against their older sister.

"We won against sister Stella!" Maple said while jumping up and down.

"Cinnamon won with Maple!" Cinnamon was also jumping up and down in happiness.

Stella walked towards her two little sisters and hugged both of them at the same time. She then kissed their cheeks repeatedly, making the two little Dwarves giggle, and squirm in her hug.

A few minutes later, Chiffon took her daughters to visit the Toaster Coaster, which the twins wanted to ride as well. Just before reaching their destination, the Gummy Bear Mascot appeared again.

This time, it gave Maple and Cinnamon a bag of gummy bears each, making the two little girls very happy.

"You are a good Gummy Bear Mascot," Maple said. "I won't eat you. I promise."

"Cinnamon thinks you are good as well," Cinnamon stated. "I won't eat you either!"

The Gummy Bear Mascot then patted their heads before walking away.

A few hours later…

Chiffon and her daughters only managed to ride half of the rides in the amusement park because the two little girls fell asleep halfway.

They were still young, so they didn't have enough energy to finish all the rides that they wanted to try.

Chiffon carried Maple, while the Gummy Bear Mascot carried Cinnamon.

The two were just walking, but both of them were traveling at great speeds.

A minute later, the two of them arrived at the Ainsworth Empire, and headed straight to Chiffon's room.

The two of them laid the two little girls down on the very soft and comfortable bed, so that they could rest properly.

Chiffon kissed her daughter's cheeks before covering them with a blanket.

"Thank you for the help, Mr. Mascot," Chiffon said as she motioned for the Gummy Bear Mascot to lower its body.

The Mascot obeyed.

The beautiful Dwarf then took off the Mascot's head, revealing a handsome Half-Elf, whose forehead was covered with beads of sweat.

"You worked hard today," Chiffon said before wiping the sweat off William's forehead with her handkerchief.

When she was done, she cupped William's face and kissed his lips lovingly.

"Why don't you remove that costume so that we can take a bath together?" Chiffon said with a mischievous look on her face. "If you do, I promise to give you a reward."

"I like the sound of that," William replied as he obeyed his wife.

However, he didn't remove his costume right away.

Instead he picked up Chiffon like a princess, and carried her towards the bathroom.

William had worked very hard to make sure all of his wives, and children, had fun in the amusement park.

Because of this, he decided to have a nice bath with Chiffon, and enjoy the pleasurable reward that only she could give to him.

fcbfcbb78767c33bc8039c3e4d15059b2503b9364351e299ebbf179bf0a46c62e8defdef1abf285f207793e5d0a5a26203abef5fb70b8988ceaa4aa35c2566ee0923ed00b7f0778517d403f6dee6254efbdf6f8bb2d54b07355d32f3ba68a78badb75f86c39f94c74cceea3423440e3c