Chapter 1476  William’s After Story - Deserved All The Happiness This World Had To Offer

William stood at one of the biggest parks in Country-K and looked at four children playing with each other.

They were playing tag, and their laughter was soothing to his ears.

Seated beside him were two people who looked exactly like him. If one were to look at them, they'd probably think of them as triplets, which was not far from the truth. Their hair, eye color, and hairstyles were different, but they looked practically the same.

The two seated beside William were none other than his two Familiars, Conan and Elliot.

"Kids really grow fast these days," William said with a smile.

"They sure do," Conan replied.

"Mmm," Elliot commented. "A few years from now, I'd probably start beating up the kids who try to hit on them."

William and Conan chuckled after hearing Elliot's words. Although both of them were laughing, they were certain that they would probably do the same.

The four children, who were happily playing together, were Conan's and Elliot's children.

Conan married Aisha and Claire.

(A/N: To those that had forgotten who they are, Aisha was Ian's /Ashe's twin sister, who served as Estelle's bodyguards. Claire, on the other hand, was Chloee's twin, and one of Celeste's Familiar.)

Aisha gave birth to a boy, while Claire gave birth to a girl.

As for Elliot, he married Belle's two best friends, Paula and Hana.

Both girls gave Elliot daughters, and he loved both of them very much.

Both of William's familiars were part of his soul, so in a way, their children were his children as well. But, in order to not complicate things, he just settled to become their Godfather and spoiled the four kids rotten whenever he came to visit them.

Conan and Elliot were currently living on Earth because their wives preferred to live in a less chaotic environment.

Of course, they would often go to the world of Hestia to take vacations, and let their children play with their cousins.

Truth be told, everyone was still surprised that Elliot chose to marry Paula and Hana, who were just ordinary Humans.

But, since he had made this choice, William took it upon himself to make Elixirs for Elliot's wives to drink.

This Elixir not only strengthened their bodies, but also increased their lifespan.

He had given the same Elixirs to Belle's Parents, allowing them to live longer, and enjoy the company of their granddaughter, Stella.

"So, what have the two of you been up to as of late?" William asked as he opened a can of carbonated fruit juice. "I've been too busy managing the Empire and stuff, that I wasn't able to visit the two of you for a while."

Conan smirked. "Oh, the usual. Aisha and Claire are managing their Yoga Classes, and I take care of the kids while they are away. Also, they talked to me a few days ago about giving Elijah and Charl, little brothers or sisters."

Elliot arched an eyebrow. "And? Did you say yes?"

"I did." Conan nodded and his eyes turned gentle as he looked at his kids. "I think having two more kids will be good."

William nodded. All of his wives had already given birth, or were about to give birth, increasing their family members.

Although he had to admit that he gained more than he bargained for, and surpassed his ten wife limit, he had no regrets.

"How about you? Elliot?" William asked. "Have Paula and Hana asked you to have more children?"

Elliot smiled. "Paula and Hana are already two-weeks pregnant. The two of them insisted that they would give me three kids each. It seems that they felt competitive about having a big family after seeing how many children you have back in Hestia."

The Half-Elf chuckled after hearing Elliot's reply.

After a hard day of work, William would usually spend an hour lying on the carpeted floor with his kids, who would gather around him, and ask to play with him.

Having a big family had its pros and cons. Although he would sometimes create clones of himself to play with the kids, he wanted to do this personally if it was possible.

Unfortunately, there was only one of him, and all of his cute kids were quite the handful.

"By the way, where is Gramps?" Conan asked. "The last time I saw him was a year ago. Is he still touring the multiverse?"

William nodded. "He said that there are a few places that he needed to visit. He has already retired as the ALL-FATHER, but he is still a busy body. He would still drag Maple and Cinnamon along on some of his adventures though."

"I feel sorry for Chiffon," Elliot commented. "She must have worried every time those two troublemakers snuck away to another world or dimension."

"At the beginning she was always worried," William agreed. "But, after it happened so many times, she no longer worried because she knew that Gramps would look after them. Also there were instances when she accompanied them as well. Having powerful children can be both a blessing and a curse."

Elliot chuckled. "Now, do you understand why I decided to marry two ordinary Humans? If I want to live in peace, I don't want my kids to go off somewhere on a grand adventure across the stars."

Conan nodded. "Perhaps this is also the reason why Aisha and Claire decided to stay here on Earth. They wanted to let Elijah and Charl live normal lives."

"I find this perfectly understandable," William commented. "Especially after everything that we've been through. Although Earth is not completely peaceful, it is not so bad compared to fighting against the Army of Destruction." VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Conan and Elliot nodded their heads at the same time.

Although they had helped William face off against this massive army, if possible, they didn't want to face them again anytime soon.

Just as the three of them were about to talk about where the children would be going for their education, the four kids, who were playing together, suddenly ran towards the entrance of the park.

William, Conan, and Elliot gazed in the direction where the children were running and saw four beautiful ladies.

These four beauties then picked the kids up and peppered their cheeks with kisses, making them giggle and squirm in their hands.

"How about having dinner with us for a change?" Elliot asked William. "Sounds good," William replied. The Half-Elf didn't know when he would be able to visit Conan and Elliot again due to how busy he was in Hestia.

However, seeing how happy both of his familiars were with their families, he also felt relieved because Conan and Elliot deserved all the happiness this world had to offer.