Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1477  Belle's After Story - The Heart Moves, Where The Heart Wills

Belle and Stella were currently giving gifts to children in the Smiles Orphanage.

This was the Orphanage where William grew up, so it held a very special place in the Half-Elf's heart.

When he decided to donate his heart to Belle, one of the conditions he had was for her father to continue supporting the Orphanage, allowing the orphans, whom he treated as his little brothers and sisters, to live a more comfortable life.

Raymond Parker, Belle's father, kept his word and supported the Orphanage. He even had it renovated, allowing the children there to have better facilities, while they waited for people who might want to make them part of their family.

The children who had turned sixteen years old, and still hadn't been adopted were all taken by William to work in the various businesses that he opened up all around the world.

From Cafes, Hotels, Beach Resorts, Restaurants, and Entertainment, the Half-Elf dabbled in all sorts of things.

This allowed his brand name, Ainsworth, to become one of the biggest companies that everyone on Earth recognized.

"As always, thank you for making the children happy, Mrs. Ainsworth," Beth, who served as the Headmistress of the Orphanage said with a smile on her face. "Thank you as well, Lady Stella."

"Beth, how many times should I tell you to not call me Mrs. Ainsworth?" Belle shook her head helplessly. "You do realize that there are now nearly fifty of us who are called Mrs. Ainsworth, right? Just call me Belle, or else you might be referring to my husband's other wives."

Beth nodded her head in understanding. "I thought I would only see a family as big as yours in dramas. To think that your husband really has that many wives… unbelievable. How does he manage?"

"Well, he is doing his best," Belle said as she handed a teddy bear to a little girl that was around three years old. "All of us have kids now, so even if he isn't always with us, we have our hands full with the children."

"This reminds me, there is a new drama coming up and, from what I've heard, it's an adaptation of your husband's life. The budget they used for it is in the billions, so maybe it will turn out well."

"I almost forgot about that Beth. That company pestered my husband until he finally said Yes. They even asked one of my Sisters, Sidonie, to oversee the production, so that it stays true to the original course of events."

Stella, who had remained silent until now, looked at her mother with a frown.

"Knowing Mama Sidonie, she will probably highlight her meeting with Papa," Stella commented. "It's not 'Probably'." Belle lightly patted her daughter's head lovingly. "She will definitely do it. I just hope she didn't skimp on my scene with William. By the way, who is the actor that they chose to play your Papa's part? I didn't really pay any attention to that drama adaptation."

"Mama, the one that played Papa's role was Uncle Elliot," Stella replied.

"… Seriously?"

"Seriously."

Belle didn't know if she should laugh, or cry, after knowing that the narcissistic Familiar would be playing her husband's role. But, since Elliot shared William's soul, she believed that the mischievous angel would be able to pull it off perfectly. There was no one in both worlds that knew William more than his two Familiars.

"I heard that Mama Morgana played Mama Sidonie's role in the drama," Stella added as she handed a toy drum to a little boy that approached her. "… It looks like Sidonie is having fun with this production," Belle was now becoming more curious about the adaptation that would be airing in two days time. "I guess I'll watch it at its opening premier."

Stella nodded. "My sisters and I also planned to watch together. Maple and Cinnamon are very excited to see it as well."

"I'm sure they are." Belle chuckled. "They are your favorite sisters, right?"

Stella nodded. "I love them very much."

An hour later, Belle, Stella, and Beth finally finished giving toys to the children.

Seeing the happy smiles of the children playing together also put a smile on their faces, making them feel that what they had done was very rewarding.

"It's time for us to go, Beth," Belle said as she gave the old woman who took care of William when he was young a respectful bow. "We'll come and visit from time to time." UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"It is my pleasure to host you here, Mrs. Belle," Beth bowed back. "I look forward to your visit with Lady Stella."

"Goodbye, Auntie," Stella also bowed to the kind old lady whom her Papa would praise from time to time. Although Beth was an ordinary mortal, the sacrifices she made for the Smiles Orphanage were extraordinary.

Just as Belle and Stella exited the gates of the Orphanage, a handsome Half-Elf appeared in front of them with a smile.

"Why didn't you girls tell me that you're going to visit the Orphanage?" William asked before hugging his wife to give her a kiss. "I would have come with you if you told me."

"Well, I know you're a bit busy, so I decided to not bother you for the time being," Belle replied after their kiss ended. "Also, I have Stella with me, so I'm not lonely."

The Half-Elf then crouched down to give his daughter a kiss on the cheek before giving her a hug as well. "Thank you, Stella, for keeping your mother company," William said softly. "Do you want a reward for being a good girl?"

Stella was now ten years old, and very mature for her age. In fact, among William's children, she was the one that served as everyone's older sister, making her a centerpiece among her brothers and sisters.

"I want the three of us to go stargazing," Stella replied after some time. "I want to spend some time, just the three of us."

The Half-Elf smiled and nodded his head. He then held Belle's and Stella's hands before teleporting both of them to a special place that held a deep meaning for him and his beloved wife.

"Where are we?" Stella looked around as she found herself in a field of flowers.

"This is where your Mama and I were reunited after I was reincarnated in Hestia," William replied. "This is also the place where we bid goodbye to each other."

Belle smiled as she looked at the familiar flower field that held one of her happiest and saddest memories.

As the sun set in the horizon, countless stars began to appear in the night sky.

William, Belle, and Stella sat in the flower field together, with the young lady between her father and mother.

The Half-Elf and his wife then looked at each other and shared a knowing smile.

"Belle, since then until now, my feelings haven't changed," William said softly. "To me, you are the Beginning of a letter, the contents of a Poem, and the ending… of my Fairy Tale."

Belle smiled and moved closer to give her husband a quick kiss. After that both of them hugged their daughter, Stella, making her close her eyes due to the warmth and happiness that was spreading inside her chest.

Their Fairy Tale might have ended, but for some, it was only just the beginning.

For there were many worlds in the Multiverse, and sooner or later, William's beloved daughters, would wander across the stars.

There, they would meet their Destined Ones, who would have to face their overprotective Father and Grandfather.

These faceoffs would prove to be the greatest challenge in their lifetimes.

However, no matter what obstacle got in their way, and no matter how impossible it was…

The Heart moves, where the Heart wills.

c84a9a785777777579e941de75690468d57474cee38001f89739b56054065fa3f04335101f7c07ad6f7a4dd54c6a6235c0b632e5fb5a63c2e6b6dced9016a526ff7715dcbd5da1362a6c12ba6ec9cdd9f52c638c626cea630f493858b347d84aafcb0d2fc7bfaadaa9213f94fa917a5d