Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1479  Wendy After Story - A Selfish Wish

On top of a mountain spring, overlooking all of Asgard, Wendy sighed as she leaned her body on the handsome Half-Elf, who was also inside the spring with her.

She and her husband were looking at this picturesque sight, which many would have loved to see, but were unable to do so.

They were like Gods, looking down on this beautiful world, and the creations that were living in it.

"It has been a while since we are able to do something like this," Wendy said softly. "You have been too busy as of late, always visiting countries, talking to their Kings, Emperors, Presidents, and Prime Ministers. "Recently, this K-Pop Idol group even wanted to invite you to join them. You're really very popular now. Even the Grandma who is managing the candy store on Earth is watching Sidonie's Adaptation of your life."

The Half-Elf chuckled after hearing his wife's words that were filled with bitterness.

"Morgana and Elliot are having the time of their life with the adaptation," William replied. "Also, I'm sorry about being too busy as of late. Hestia and Earth are undergoing a phase, and since I am considered the representative of this world, I need to meet with the rulers of Earth in order to assure them that we have no intention of conquering their world."

The appearance of Hestians on Earth, who possessed super human strength and powers, had caused the leaders of the world to be alarmed.

They thought that William intended to make the world his Domain, which was far from reality.

Of course, they had every reason to be afraid.

The Half-Elf could easily send an army to Earth using the Bifrost Bridge, anytime, anywhere.

Earth, on the other hand, had no way of going to Hestia.

In order to smooth things out, William had no choice but to meet these world leaders to prevent chaos and confusion.

If there was one thing he learned from Hestia that would certainly be…

People fearing the unknown.

Fortunately, all these talks had managed to calm the people on Earth, allowing William's wives, friends, and acquaintances to travel on Earth and do what they wanted.

Perhaps, the most high-profile of them, aside from the Half-Elf, was Kasogonaga, who instantly became an international Superstar.

"Well, at least you agreed to come here with me today," Wendy said. "I thought I had to line up like the others to schedule an appointment with you."

William smiled before he lightly kissed the nape of Wendy's neck. His hands then moved to cup her breasts, and lightly kneaded it.

"You told me that you wanted to give our daughter, Eir, a little brother or sister, right?" William asked. "How can I possibly deny your request?"

"Well, she has been pestering me to give her a little brother or sister because she is jealous of Maple and Cinnamon's relationship. Also, Cherry gave birth to triplets a few months ago. Maybe that made her want to have siblings as well."

"But, all her other brothers, and sisters are her siblings, no?" William asked as his right hand lightly rubbed Wendy's lower abdomen. "Does she not think of them as her siblings?"

Wendy nodded. "She does think of them as siblings. But, she wants me to give birth, so that she could spoil her little sister, or brother, without sharing them with anyone."

She was enjoying her husband's kisses, and caress, not resisting them in the slightest. In fact, the moment William's hand moved to tease her lower half, she was half tempted to tell him that they should just go to their bedroom and continue their talk there.

"You girls are thinking the same thing," William chuckled. "Even Belle approached me the other day, telling me that it's about time that I gave Stella a little sibling as well."

This time, even Wendy giggled.

"Well, it's your fault for having so many women," Wendy said. "I don't mind having a large family. I even treat your other children as my own. I'm sure the majority of them think of us as their mothers as well."

Wendy then turned around to face William and kissed his lips. "You know, there are times when I wished that you only had me in your life." Wendy pressed her finger over William's lips. "Although it is a bit selfish of me to think that way, I often thought of what would have happened if Asgard hadn't fallen back then.

"As your only wife, I would have monopolized you. Although the other Valkyries were looking at you fondly, they wouldn't really do anything because they knew that they would offend me."

William smirked before kissing Wendy's finger. "So you say, but did you forget that Chiffon was also with us at that time?" William inquired. "Well, I don't mind sharing you with Chiffon," Wendy conceded. "At most, you would only have two wives…"

"There is also Acedia," William pointed out. "Although I had forgotten about her due to my memory loss, she hasn't forgotten about me. She would have found a way to come to Asgard on her own. Also, there was the issue with Aila and the Vanir. There is also Ashe to consider…"

Wendy then cupped William's face with her hands before pulling on his cheeks. This made the Half-Elf raise his hands in surrender.

"I forgot that even then you had plenty of women in your life," Wendy shook her head helplessly. "Well, your husband is handsome and popular, what can I do?" William replied with a bitter smile on his face. "Also, I met Ashe and Acedia when I was still in Midgard. They would often remind me that they were my first lovers before I lost my memories after I was brought to Asgard." UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"Okay, let's not talk about them." Wendy pouted. "Let's talk about our baby making session today."

"Sounds like a good idea," William nodded. The Half-Elf then lifted his naked wife, and teleported inside their bedroom, drying both of them with his powers.

Although he had many wives, it didn't change the fact that he loved Wendy very much, and was very happy to share this intimate moment with her.

Soon, the sound of the Valkyrie's sighs of pleasure echoed inside the room, as she and her husband made love with each other.

A year later, she would give birth to William's son, and name him Imriel.

This boy would then travel the multiverse in order to find his own path, and meet with someone, who would change his life forever. 