Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1480  James After Story - Happily Ever After Is Not A Fairy Tale. It Is A Choice

"Although I am old, I feel young seeing pretty young ladies like all of you," an old man wearing an eye patch said with a smile. "Now, If you have some Merit Points with you, may I interest you in these beauty products? I'm also willing to throw in a discount. "How about 10,000 Merit Points for each bottle? This will not only make you look young and healthy, it also protects your skin from the sun, and serves as an insect repellent."

"What? You want to buy it for 5,000 Merit Points? Miss, although I would like to lower the price, I'll gain some losses if I do. But, since you are asking nicely, how about we compromise with 7,000 Merit Points?"

"Wonderful! Pleasure doing business with you. Please come again!"

The old man watched as the young witches of Brynhildr Academy walked away with excited looks on their faces.

At that moment, a teenage boy who seemed to be in his late teens, walked to his stall and grinned.

"Old man, the name is George, and I plan to be the strongest in this academy," George said with a confident smile on his face. "Because of this, I need a weapon that will make me look cool, and awesome! Wait, this Axe looks good. It looks deadly, but why isn't there any description in it?"

The Old Bandit of Lont chuckled internally after hearing the boastful teenage boy who reminded him of an old acquaintance of his. Because of this, he rubbed his hands together with the intention of scamming— err, helping the teenage boy realize his dreams to become an awesome warrior! UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"You have good eyes, Young Man," James said with a smile. "This War Axe is called the God of War Axe. According to history, this War Axe has slain over a hundred Gods in the past. "Its previous owner, Kratos, decided to donate it to Brynhildr Academy so that it could be wielded by the next God Slayer. The moment I saw you walk into the Treasury, I immediately knew that you were a man of great courage and valor. Even now, I can tell that the God of War Axe is calling out to you."

"Hahaha! You have good eyes, old man," George replied with a smug expression on his face. "Although I didn't feel anything upon seeing this War Axe, I believe that what you say is the truth. "Do you know? I am one of the members of Dud Manor who fought in the tournament and won all my matches. A single slap from me sent all my enemies flying. They didn't even get the chance to say their last words!"

"Amazing!" James, who had the smile of a scammer, praised George after hearing his bragging. "I knew it! This God of War Axe was left here to become yours. It is our best selling item as well!"

"Um? What best selling item?" George blinked. "Isn't this one of a kind?"

"Ah! I'm sorry," James tried to correct the mistake he made due to a slip in the tongue. "I mean, this is the Best Selling Weapon that I want to sell, but this weapon is very picky. It only allows heroes to touch it. How about you try it?"

George raised his chin arrogantly before opening the case, casually taking the War Axe out of the case, before holding it firmly in his hands as if it was nothing. The Old Man clapped in awe and admiration.

"Indeed! You are the chosen one!" James gave an exaggerated gasp. "The man among men! The Dragon among Dragons! The Hero among Heroes!"

George then admired the plain looking War Axe and tried a few practice swings with it.

"Its balance is perfect," George commented. "It was as if this weapon was especially made just for me."

"Young Man, I already told you that this is our Best Selling Ite—, I mean, our Best Legendary Weapon here in this Section," James said with a smile. "How about I wrap it up for you before you change your mind? Just remember we don't accept refunds, okay?"

"But, this weapon costs 100,000 Merit Points," George stated. "I only have 50,000 Merit Points."

"Hahaha! You are in luck, young man, right now, we are having a sale." James hastily placed the War Axe inside a wooden box that would serve as its storage, and even tied a red ribbon around it. "You said you only have 50,000 Merit Points, right? You came here at the right time because all items here are 50% off today only!"

The deal was finalized after a minute, and James bid goodbye to the young man he scammed—err helped to achieve his dreams of becoming a great warrior.

Suddenly, he sensed that there were two people looking at him, so he once again smiled like a businessman, who was ready to help people in need.

"Welcome, Dear Customers," the Old Man greeted. "My name is James. Can I interest you in buying some Legendary Weapons for a very affordable price? All items are 50% off and it is only limited to today. Grab one of these items, and I promise you that you will not regret it… for a day or two."

The beautiful young lady with light-brown hair grimaced before tugging on the robe of the handsome young man with short blue hair that was standing beside her.

"N-No thank you," Chloe stuttered. "Ethan, we still have something to do, right? Let's go. See you later, Mister."

She didn't even wait for her cousin's reply, and pulled him away before the old man could even use his skills of scamming people.

Of course, James didn't stop them. However, he still shouted towards the handsome young man, whom he believed to be one of the future heroes of the world he was currently in.

"I'll be here until midnight!" James shouted. "Make sure to come back before then while our 50% Discount is still in effect."

The blue-haired teenager, who went by the name Ethan, looked at James and gave him a brief nod.

Although his actions said that he had no intention of coming back to meet the Old Man that was selling suspicious items, there had been something in his eyes that James recognized as the doubt that came to when the person couldn't help but feel that, if they didn't return, they would be missing the opportunity of a lifetime.

James watched the two teenagers walk away until they disappeared from his sight. When he was certain that nobody else was around him, he turned around and looked at the corner of the treasury.

"Old friends, is there something that you want from me?" James asked in a teasing tone.

A moment later, a young man and an old man materialized out of thin air and looked at James with complicated looks on their faces.

"Odin, we have came here to ask you for favor," the God of Games, Eriol, said respectfully. "A favor?" James played with his beard as he eyed one of the New-Generation Gods that came to being after he lost his Divine Powers. "Look, I am no longer the All Father. I'm just a simple old man, leisurely traveling the Multiverse and messing with the lives of a few mortals."

"James, the reason why we are here is because we know that you can help us," the God of Gamblers, Macuiltochtli, or Max for short, commented. "Since you are no longer a God, you will be able to interfere with the lives of Mortals directly. Right now, our Follower needs your help."

James pondered a bit as he looked at the two Gods who personally came to see him to ask for his help.

"Okay, start talking," James said. "How exactly should I help?"

Max sighed in relief because it seemed that James was willing to listen to them. After the Old Bandit heard their explanation, a sad expression appeared on his face.

"So young, and he is forced to carry the burden of two worlds on his shoulders," James sighed. "His name is Lux, right? Also, another red-headed Half-Elf? The two of you really knew what you were doing when you came to find me. Fortunately, the timezone of that world is slower than this one…"

James closed his eyes as if he was about to make an important decision.

"Very well, I will help you," James replied. "But both of you have to wait until midnight in this world. I have a prior appointment with a Sapling in this world."

Eriol and Max nodded at the same time. Since time moved slower in Elysium, compared to Midgard, waiting another few hours was fine with them.

A few hours later, they watched as James tried to scam the blue-haired teenager and handed him a Trident. "Can I return it if the weapon is defective?" the teenage boy with short-blue hair asked. "Sorry, but we have a No Refund Policy," James replied. "Once you buy it, it cannot be returned."

The two Gods, who were observing the conversation from the corner of the room, could tell that the Trident wasn't an ordinary artifact.

However, they didn't make any move to appraise it. The two Gods simply hid their presence and watched as the Old Bandit of the Multiverse did his thing. After the transaction was done, James handed Ethan the wooden box, and gave the young man a thumbs up.

"Allow me to give you one more piece of advice before you leave this place, Ethan," James said softly. "'Happily Ever After' is not a Fairy Tale. It is a choice. If you wish everyone to be happy then you need to put a lot of effort into making it happen, especially if you love more than one girl, if you know what I mean."

Ethan smiled and nodded before returning back to Dud Manor.

James then clapped his hands together and all the Artifacts within the "Defective Goods" section of Brynhildr Academy vanished and returned to his storage ring.

"Well then, time to meet this young Half-Elf named Lux," James said as he disappeared from where he stood.

The Old man then heaved a deep sigh before locking his gaze on a planet that was on the other side of the Multiverse.

"There is really no rest for the wicked," James muttered before entering the portal that Eriol and Max had opened for him personally.

A portal that led to a world that was on the brink of destruction.

-------------------

The Novel will be updated first on this website. Come back and continue reading tomorrow, everyone!