Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Chapter 366: William’s King’s Legion [Part 2]

Not far from Fenrir and his troops were Scadrez and the Rainbow Birds, whom William had given the nickname, Angray Birds.

Just like Fenrir, Scadrez was also a Rank B (Low) Magical Beast. If Fenrir was the captain of the Trollhounds, Scadrez was the leader of the birds in the Thousand Beast Domain. Several Wind Blades emerged from its wings which cut off the body parts of the Skeletal Archers that were aiming at it.

The Angray Birds weren’t ones to back down either. They rampaged across the battlefield and rammed the skeleton warriors with their bodies. Only this time, their bodies didn’t explode like they used to. William had forbidden them to self-detonate, and ordered them to only do it as a last resort.

Thanks to training in the Goblin Crypt and the Magical Cavern, the birds had found new ways to fight using their beaks and talons. However, even though they listened to William’s orders, the Half-Elf was unable to stop the birds from…

“Fck off!” a Red Rainbow Bird screeched as it headbutted a Skeletal Warrior’s head, smashing it to bits.

Arrows flew in its direction so the bird had to forcefully fly to its right side to evade.

“What the fck?!” The Red Rainbow Bird was forced to fly away because of the concentrated fire that was aimed at it.

Suddenly, a blue bird soared past his red comrade and flew in the direction of the Skeletal Mages. It was holding two Indigo Lollipops in each of its talons.

When it was only a dozen meters away from the Skeletal Mages it pointed the lollipops at them and said…

“Fck off!”

Immediately several magical missiles flew from the lollipops and hit each of the skeletal mages one by one.

Soon more magical missiles rained down from the sky as the Rainbow Bird Cavalry descended with a vengeance. Each of the birds were holding Indigo Lollipops in their talons and a series of magical bombardments commenced.

“Not bad,” William muttered softly as he rubbed his chin with great interest. This was the first time he had tried to incorporate Lily’s Lollipops with his subordinates. So far, he was quite satisfied with the results.

William then shifted his attention to the meter tall Cercopes Monkeys that were holding Hollow Concrete Blocks in their hands. They were also Class C Beasts Mid and their forte was brute strength. However, for some reason, all of them had become interested in William’s Alchemy.

One time, out of sheer boredom, William tried to make some bricks to test his Alchemy Job Class. The first thing he made were bricks, but he failed miserably. Instead of making bricks, what he made were Hollow Concrete Blocks.

He tossed these Concrete Blocks aside and thought of them as useless. However, the curious Cercopes Monkeys took the Concrete Blocks from the ground and started playing with them. Soon, they were throwing them at each other as if they were playing catch.

Seeing that the Monkeys were having fun, monkeying around, William decided to craft more bricks for them. Soon, all of the monkeys had a Hollow Concrete Block of their own. What William didn’t know was that the Hollow Concrete Blocks that he had made were late bloomers.

When he appraised them, his appraisal skill only stated that they were normal Hollow Concrete Blocks. However, a day later, William was pleasantly surprised to see that the Concrete Blocks had suddenly gained two abilities.

The first surprise was that the Hollow Concrete Blocks had become as hard as steel. The second unexpected surprise was that they had become Soul Weapons for the Cercopes Monkeys!

All in all, William had thirty Cercopes Monkeys inside his domain. They were fast and agile melee fighters that could use the terrain of the forest to their advantage.

Due to the Cercopes Monkeys’ superhuman strength, the Steel Concrete Blocks in their hands became powerful cannonballs that could obliterate almost everything in their path. The scary part about this Soul Bound weapon was that the monkeys could instantly summon them back with just a thought.

Basically, they were the all rounders in William’s army that specialized in ranged warfare as well as close combat.

Originally, the Half-Elf wanted to name the Leader of the Cercopes Monkeys, King Kong. He wanted to pay tribute to the monster that became infamous in William’s world, the Giant Ape that developed an infatuation with a beautiful human girl.

It was then when William realized that the Cercopes Monkey might develop a tendency that would match its name. After careful consideration, William decided to scrap his first choice and decided to name the Cercopes Leader, Mohawk.

The reason? Because the monkey had an unusual hairstyle-that resembled an axe on its head. Instead of naming him Tomahawk, which was a mouthful, the red-headed boy opted for the shorter version which was Mohawk.

William then shifted his attention to Ella and the Angorian War Ibexes. They had been with William the longest and were the ones who had stayed with him through the hardships of his younger years.

Ella’s battle strength was now at the peak of Rank B, while the rest of the Angorian War Ibexes were now all Rank B (Low).

Just as William expected, the Skeleton Army didn’t stand a chance against their powerful charge.

In the beginning, William was forced to choose between the Strength Path and the Spirit Path for the first members of his herd.

Back then, he just focused on their physical strengths because he wasn’t confident that a High Breed Build would make them stronger.

All of those worries disappeared with the help of the Magic Cavern, and William used it to its fullest advantage. Because of the Magic Cavern, he had been able to access the Spirit Path and upgraded some of the skills in that Skill Tree to make the War Ibexes more versatile.

Benevolent Shot was one of the skills from the Spirit Path that William had chosen for the goats. Now they had other skills like Magical Armor, Shield, and Protection Against Good and Evil.

These magical buffs heightened all of the Angorian War Ibexes’ defenses, making any attacks below their Rank unable to even graze them.

William was already confident about Ella and the others’ offensive prowess, however, their defensive abilities were non-existent. This was why he used all of their skill points to upgrade all three of these defensive magics to their fullest.

With this, the War Ibex Heavy Cavalry was finally complete!

Chrono and Aslan didn’t even bat an eye as they charged through the rain of arrows and magic spells that descended upon them. Their bodies glowed due to the effects of the spells that were currently protecting them from the attacks that would have harmed them otherwise.

William nodded his head in satisfaction as he looked at this scene.

‘Maybe I should have negotiated with Takam and asked for a thousand War Ibexes from the Northern Region’s Tribes,’ William thought. Sadly, the Demigod of the Kyrintor Mountains was very firm in his decision to not involve the Northern Tribes with the upcoming war.

However, that didn’t mean that he wouldn’t extend his hand to help William. Takam promised the Half-Elf that he would appear at the crucial moment. Until then, he told William to do his best to survive as he took part in the war that would rearrange the balance of power in the Southern Continent.