Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 412: Atlantis, The New Frontier

[ Host. The Bestiary has been successfully relocated on the first floor of Atlantis. Also, the connection between the Thousand Beast Domain and the new dungeon has been successfully established. ]

William was currently having an afternoon nap on Wendy’s lap, when the System notified him of the successful connection between the Goblin Crypt, the Thousand Beast Domain, and the new Dungeon-Atlantis.

This allowed the members of his Legion to travel unimpeded to the new frontier that was waiting for them.

Ian and Wendy still didn’t know about Atlantis, and he was planning to tell them about it as well as show it to them as soon as the System finished with the initial preparation. Now it was done, it was time for him to share his secret to his two lovers who would not allow him to leave to go on a Dungeon expedition without taking them with him.

“There is something that I want to show you girls,” William said as he propped himself up.

“What are you going to show us?” Wendy asked.

Ian, who was drinking tea not far from them, raised her head to look at William. She had already seen a few of the Half-Elf’s secrets. However, since William was saying that he wanted to show something to Wendy and her, it meant that it was something that she didn’t know about before now.

William smiled and extended his hands to his two lovers. The two girls, in turn, held his hands firmly. Wherever William was going, they would definitely accompany him no matter what.

The scenery changed immediately as William teleported the three of them inside the Thousand Beast Domain.

This was not the first time that Wendy had been to this place, but her surprise was still reflected on her face. When she saw William’s personal army gathered around them.

The Giant White Ox, Erchitu, and the Minotaur Races stood on one side.

The Centaurs, who were already equipped with their bows, arrows, and lances, were standing at the ready.

The Angray Birds and Blood Eagle, Scadrez, circled around them waiting for the order to depart.

Mohawk and the Cercopes Monkeys sat on the ground while holding the Hollow Concrete Blocks in their hands.

Fenrir and his trollhounds had a look of excitement on their faces as they eyed the red-headed boy whom they chose to follow. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Kasogonaga and Psoglav were also present. The two of them definitely wouldn’t miss the opportunity to tag along and see what the new Dungeon was about.

Ella and the rest of the Angorian Ibexes were also raring to go.

The new residents of the Thousand Beast Domain-namely the Black-Winged Panthers, Supreme Killer Koalas, Crimson Cavern Wolf Spiders-were also gathered to embark on this expedition.

As for the Goblins? They were still inside the Goblin Crypt and waiting for William to summon them.

Wendy looked at this sizable force with awe and admiration. They were all the subordinates of her lover and it filled her with pride.

She was also very happy that William was willing to share his secrets with her. Wendy unconsciously tightened her grip on William’s hand, and the latter gave hers a gentle squeeze that put her heart at ease.

“I gathered all of you today, because we will be exploring a new dungeon,” William declared, as he let go of Wendy’s and Ian’s hands. “This dungeon has a Hundred Floors, and I’m sure that it will not be an easy task to clear all of its floors. However, I am confident that no matter how long it takes, we will be able to conquer it without fail!”

Cheers, grunts, howls, and shrieks of approval greeted William’s declaration. He then waved his hand and a Giant Portal appeared a few meters away from him. It was a portal that led to the first floor of the Dungeon of Atlantis and the members of his Herd and King’s Legion eyed it with anticipation.

“Everyone, let’s move out!” William ordered. He then walked towards the portal holding Stormcaller in his hands. Wendy and Ian walked beside him like Shieldmaidens, accompanying their chosen warrior to battle.

The next to follow were Ella and the War Ibexes. They were William’s Core Team Members and their role was to always be by his side.

Fenrir and the trollhounds were the next to cross through the portal. William had already assigned their positions in his Legion, and the trollhounds served as the vanguard of WIlliam’s army.

Next to enter the portal was the Minotaur race. They were William’s heavy infantry that would charge at his foes and trample them under their feet.

The Cercopes Monkeys and the Centaur Race followed afterward. They were the range units of William’s legion that would attack their enemies from a distance.

With a powerful shriek, Scadrez, along with the Angray Birds, entered the portal. They served as William’s air support that would attack from the sky when needed.

The System had already informed William that the dungeon of Atlantis was a high-grade Dungeon. Each Floor was very spacious and even had a sky that allowed flying creatures to roam freely.

This proved that this Dungeon was definitely different from normal Dungeons like the Goblin Crypt that only had a high ceiling.

Psoglav swaggered inside the portal with a smile. He was looking forward to the treasures that he would find within its depths. Kasogonaga, on the other hand, sat on Shalla’s back-the lead Pantheress of the Black-Winged Tigers.

The leader of the Panthers was already acquainted with the little rainbow-colored Demigod and allowed him to mount her back as they joined William on this expedition.

The Supreme Killer Koalas and the Crimson Cavern Wolf Spiders were the last to enter the portal. They served as William’s rearguard.

For the time being, William decided not to include the Goblins in this expedition. They were put on standby in case something unexpected happened.

William didn’t dare to underestimate the Dungeon of Atlantis. A Dungeon that had a hundred floors and was rated as an SSR Dungeon would definitely have a Myriad Beast as its final boss.

The System also informed William that there was a low possibility that instead of a Myriad Beast, the final boss of the Atlantis Dungeon was a Pseudo-Demigod.

William agreed with the System’s conjecture. Atlantis was a Legendary Dungeon. It was not far-fetched for a being of such power to be the top dog of a Hundred-Floor dungeon.

It reminded him of the Dracolich inside the Undying Lands who was also a Pseudo-Demigod. The only silver lining was that the Dracolich was imprisoned and would stay that way for a few more years.

William hoped that when that time came, he would be strong enough to fight against a being that had been alive since the Era of the Gods.