Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 416: Dungeon Points

Two days had passed in the real world since William’s encounter with Leviathan. He had anticipated that the dungeon floors of Atlantis would be quite vast, but he had no idea how vast they actually were. A day in the real world was equivalent to three days inside the Dungeon.

In those six days inside the dungeon, William’s Herd and Legion had only managed to fully explore the first two floors. Just like he anticipated, the first Floor was only composed of slime type monsters.

However, the true surprise was that there were some low-grade herbs that grew on the second floor of the dungeon. These herbs were quite common in the market, but Wililam didn’t expect that such herbs would also grow inside a dungeon.

These herbs, when combined, could create minor healing potions. These healing potions were equivalent to one of William’s red lollipops. Although its effect was minimal, having large quantities of these potions would be beneficial to him.

Additionally, these potions could be combined with the sap from the Dragon Blood Tree that was planted in his Domain, to create Greater Healing Potions with stronger healing effects.

This was an unexpected boon to William so he assigned the Goblins to regularly collect these herbs and bring them to the Warehouse near his Villa inside the Thousand Beast Domain.

Another thing that made William Happy was the system notification alerting him that his Goblin Crypt was now ready to receive an upgrade.

After obtaining the Goblin Crypt, William became the Dungeon Master, which gave him full control over the dungeon.

The system had also introduced a new feature to him called Dungeon Points. Each day the Goblin Crypt generated 100 Dungeon Points. These points allowed William to restructure the dungeon in any way that he wanted. He could add floors, traps, and even control the settings of the spawn rate of the Goblins inside the dungeon.

He also had the power to add new monsters that were suitable for the Goblin Crypt. The System also told William that the more floors a dungeon had, the more Dungeon Points it would generate on a daily basis.

-

10 Floors = 50 DP

20 Floors = 75 DP

30 Floors = 100 DP

40 Floors = 500 DP

50 Floors = 2000 DP

60 Floors = 10,000 DP

70 Floors = 30,000 DP

80 Floors = 50,000 DP

90 Floors = 100.000 DP

100 Floors = 500,000 DP

-

Dungeon Points: 2,458

-

William tilted his head when he saw the current amount of Dungeon Points. According to his calculations, he should only have 200 Dungeon Points because the Daily Point reward only counted the days outside the dungeon.

‘System, why do I have a surplus of Dungeon Points?’ William asked. He was quite happy that he had more than he expected. The reason he asked the System was to know where the points were coming from.

[ Host. It seems that we get 1 Dungeon Point for every monster we kill inside the Atlantis Dungeon. My theory is that whenever a Goblin kills something inside the Dungeon, it is automatically converted to Dungeon Points. ]

‘Doesn’t this mean we can farm Dungeon Points if we unleash the entire Goblin Army on a mad killing spree?’

[ Yes. Not only that, but the ranks of the Goblins will increase as they gain Experience Points. It is killing two birds with one stone! ]

A devilish grin appeared on William’s face as he explored the settings of the Goblin Crypt. He checked the monsters that could be added inside it. After a brief discussion with the System, they decided to tweak the spawn locations of the monsters inside the Goblin Crypt.

Each floor had a spawn limit. Meaning, there was a set number of Monsters that could spawn on a particular Dungeon floor. Once this limit was reached, no other monsters would spawn again, unless some of these monsters were killed.

After William and the System finished their brainstorming, they decided to add another floor to the Dungeon. The newly made 31st Floor would be the home of the Goblin Dogs.

-

[ Danderous Goblin Dogs ]

— Dungeon Creature

— Threat Level: Class D (Mid)

— Danderous Goblin Dogs are disease-ridden dogs that nobody wants to get in contact with. Their horrible smell and rabid bites make them one of the most annoying creatures that Adventurers don’t want to engage unless it is as a last resort.

-

The reason why William chose the Danderous Goblin Dogs as the latest addition to the Goblin Army was because he wanted these dogs to serve as mounts for his Goblin Army.

(A/N: Yes, it is Danderous and not Dangerous. It’s a word play for the word Dander. Ask Google senpai for answers.) Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Although they were only a meter tall right now, these dogs were capable of evolving into stronger beasts that were known as Scavenger Goblin Dogs that were a meter-and-a-half tall. This was a Class B Beast that was known for its quick movements over almost any terrain.

Lastly, it also had one final evolution called the Vicious Nether Hound, that made them Class A Beasts. These hounds were true bonafide predators that roamed within the plains of Hell. Standing over two-meters tall, they served as the war mounts of high-tiered Demons.

William currently didn’t have the right Dungeon to evolve them to their final form. The Vicious Nether Hounds could only be born in the rich miasma that came from Hell. Then and only then would these powerful Demonic Dogs show their full potential.

With the Atlantis Dungeon right at their doorstep, William was sure that the Danderous Goblin Dogs would at least evolve to their second form, which was the Scavenger Goblin Dogs. This was the best that William could do in preparation for the war that he was about to participate in.

The cost of adding one Dungeon floor was worth 500 Dungeon Points. It cost an additional 1,500 Dungeon Points to make the Dungeon spawn twenty Goblin Dogs a day. William planned to increase the spawn rate of the 31st Floor after gathering more Dungeon Points from Atlantis.

He had seen the other Goblin Monsters that he could add inside his dungeon and he was quite interested in trying them out. One of them was the Goblin Paladin, which cost 1,000,000 Dungeon Points.

The price was truly outrageous, but it allowed William to have a Powerful Goblin Sovereign that would be in the middle stages of the Millennial Rank.

‘One step at a time,’ William thought as he watched his Dungeon Points increase from time to time. Although 1,000,000 Dungeon Points was still far from his reach, he had no doubt that one day, his Powerful Goblin Army would make anyone tremble in their wake.