Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 490  The Kind-Hearted Yet Easily Offended Deity Of The Sky

< Unstoppable Million Beast Charge > DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

(Active Skill)

-- When charging towards the enemies, all members of the Herd and King's Legion gain 80% resistance against ranged attacks.

-- When charging towards the enemies, all members of the Herd and King's Legion gain 80% resistance against magical attacks.

-- Each member of the Herd and King's Legion will receive a magical barrier that can endure up to 1,000,000 Health Points of damage.

-- Any member of the Herd that receives damage that surpasses 1,000,000 Health Points will immediately lose the effect of this buff.

-- This skill can only be used if the Herd has a million or more members.

------

Drauum summoned thousands of Earth Spikes and hurled them at the charging Beast Army. Eneru and the Qilins focused their lightning blasts at their target, the red-headed boy riding on the back of the Angorian War Sovereign.

Ezkalor gritted his teeth as he reluctantly summoned wind blades to attack, but he didn't target William. Instead, he focused his attack on the other beasts that were leading the charge.

A mighty roar erupted from the City of Gladiolus as Jekyll transformed and flew over the city walls. He intended to join William in this charge to fight the Elven Army head-on. The Taotie had long been holding back and wanted to beat the crap out of Eneru.

If not for the fact that there were other Guardians in the Elven Army's ranks, he would have already rushed ahead and rampage to his heart's content.

The combined magical attack of the Elves, and Guardian Beasts, bounced off the bodies of the Angorian War Sovereigns as they closed the distance.

Drauum roared as he charged forward with the intention of trampling William and his Beast Army like Ants. However, he had only walked a few steps before he was forced to stop.

A Black Minotaur stood in front of the Ancient Golem with its arms crossed over its chest. Although King Minos was three-meters tall, he was like a small bug in front of a hundred-meter-tall Golem.

Even so, the Sovereign of the Minotaur Race had a calm expression on his face as he hovered in the air.

"Why don't you pick someone your own size?" King Minos challenged before transforming into a hundred-meter-tall Minotaur whose presence made everyone tremble. "Or is your dignity so low that you can only bully children?"

"Shut up, livestock!" Drauum shouted.

King Minos chuckled and brushed away the Ancient Golem's taunt.

"I think the Silvermoon Continent has been too peaceful as of late," King Minos commented. "A puny little golem like you thinks that it can take on the world by itself."

After having the final say, the Giant Black Minotaur grabbed the Ancient Golem's body and threw him in the air. He intended to fight Drauum far away from the two armies because a collision of Pseudo-Demigods could cause friendly fire.

King Minos didn't know if Drauum cared for the Elves or not, but he cared for his people. The thought of accidentally killing them during his rampage would burden his heart.

While King Minos accompanied Drauum to a duel, William's Army had closed the gap by half. Ella then issued a War Cry which further increased everyone's stats by 30%

Conner looked at this scene and clenched his fist. His blood boiled inside his body as he ordered the city gates to be opened.

He knew that this was a crucial moment and he couldn't afford to hold back his forces. If William and his army fell in this battle, he would be the one to fall next.

The Gates of Gladiolus opened and the Super Soldiers and Ash Golems surged forward.

Conner whistled and a Black Gryphon landed beside him. He planned to join the battle and kill as many Elves as he could in order to avenge the person whom he had lost.

"Calum, I'll leave the City's command to you," Conner said.

Calum nodded, "Be careful, Sir."

Conner gave him a brief nod before urging his mount to fly. The Gryphons and the Hippogriffs also took flight and followed him to the battlefield. Over a Hundred Lamassus' flew towards the city wall and landed beside Prince Alaric and the Freedom Fighters.

The Crown Prince mounted the leader of the Lamassus and the rest followed. They were not only fighting for the Hellan Kingdom, but for their homeland as well.

"Glory to the Zelan Dynasty!" Prince Alaric raised his weapon.

""Glory to the Zelan Dynasty!""

Prince Alaric then pointed his sword towards the Elven Army as he, and the members of the Freedom Fighters descended onto the battlefield.

"Kill!"

""Kill!""

Elandorr ordered the Vanguard to brace for impact as the Elven Mages chanted their spells. The volley of arrows by the Elven Warriors fired non-stop, but all of these attacks were deflected by the barrier that was protecting the approaching Beast Army.

"Raise the barrier!" Elandorr ordered.

It was too late to cast offensive skills because William's Army was almost upon them. The Elven Mages then unleashed a magical barrier that wouldn't lose to the barrier that protected Gladiolus from Drauum's powerful offensive.

When the barrier took effect, the Elves that were on the frontline sighed a breath of relief in their hearts because they weren't confident that they would survive a head-on collision with the beasts that seemed to be immune to any kind of damage.

It was at this moment when a powerful shriek, followed by an adorable, yet, hate-filled voice reached their ears.

The Blood Eagle, Scadrez descended like a rocket. It was one of the fastest birds of prey that ever existed in the world of Hestia, on its back was a rainbow-colored Anteater whose grudge against the Elves had burned brightly for thousands of years.

"I'M ROLLING!"

Kasogonaga turned into a rainbow-colored wrecking ball and slammed into the magical barrier of the Elves.

To the Elves' disbelief, the place where the little Anteater slammed its body cracked. Soon, this crack widened and spread across the magical barrier.

"If you refuse to stop your daydreams then I will shatter it!" Kasogonaga declared. "Just like what happened thousands of years ago. I came here today to break all of your delusions!"

"I'M ROOOOOOOOLLING!"

The Magic Barrier shattered into countless pieces as the Deity of the Sky rolled like it did thousands of years ago.

The rainbow-colored Rolling Calamity.

The Kind-Hearted, yet easily offended, Deity of the Sky who held grudges.

The one and only, Kasogonaga!

"I-Impossible!" Shafel exclaimed as the barrier disintegrated in front of him.

Elandorr froze for a brief moment before he gave his next order.

"Brace for impact!" Elandorr shouted.

The Vanguard hurriedly summoned their shields and braced for impact. All the Elves gritted their teeth as the ground trembled under their feet. The rumbling sounds of Millions of hooves, and paws, created a deadly symphony that was similar to the rumbling of thunder.

Time seemed to slow down, as Elandorr watched the Angorian War Sovereign, that was in front of the charge, lower its Adamantium-reinforced horns to bulldoze its way towards the Elven Formation.

He watched as the Elves and Forest Wolves in front of the army crashed into the comrades behind them as the Unstoppable Beast Charge's momentum carried them backward.

Blood sprayed into the air as William's King's Legion, mercilessly trampled all those who stood before them.