Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 521: A Sense Of Euphoria

"And that's what happened."

William narrated everything that happened before his two lovers arrived inside his dormitory room. The two girls listened with serious expressions at first, but this expression then turned into pity after finding out Chiffon's current circumstances.

"Will, you picked up a troublesome person," Princess Sidonie said after hearing William's story. She then glanced at Chiffon with a complicated expression before shifting her attention back to William.

"I'm sure you have no idea on what kind of person she is," Princess Sidonie stated.

"I know," William replied. "She is just like you, Sidonie."

Princess Sidonie's body stiffened because of William's answer. She didn't expect that William would use the term "she is just like you", and it made her wonder how he knew about Chiffon's special characteristic.

After becoming his lover, the Princess shared her secret with William about her being one of the Seven Deadly Sins. At first, Princess Sidonie thought that William would treat her differently after finding out about her secret.

However, the Half-Elf only smiled and even teased her that she had to wait for a few more years before she could have his babies.

"How did you know?" Princess Sidonie asked. She was very curious on how William found out that Chiffon also carried one of the Deadly Sins of the world.

"Half-Elf's intuition," William replied.

"As if." Princess Sidonie wrinkled her nose. It was quite obvious that William had no intention of sharing this information, so she decided not to pry.

Ian, who was seated on William's right side frowned. She didn't understand what the two were talking about.

"Is she also a Princess?" Ian inquired. This was the only connection she could think of when William said that Chiffon was just like Princess Sidonie.

William and Princess Sidonie exchanged a glance and grinned. Although they felt a bit guilty about not telling the other girls about Sidonie's and Morgana's secret, both believed that this was for the best.

If possible, Princess Sidonie didn't want anyone else to know, aside from William, that she was the embodiment of Lust. This way, she could protect herself from those who would try to use her powers to do something nefarious.

"No." William replied. "I'm saying that she's just as adorable as Sidonie."

"Huh?" Ian glanced at Princess Sidonie then at Chiffon then back again to the princess. "I don't understand." Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"It's fine, it's not important." William smirked. "Just think of her as a mini version of Mr. Jekyll."

"Ah! Is she also a Taotie?" Ian looked at Chiffon with wonder. "You mean she could swallow a lot of things at once?"

"… Something like that," Princess Sidonie replied in William's place because she was afraid that the Half-Elf would make things more complicated. "She is someone that can eat a lot."

The Princess poked the sleeping girl's cheeks. She had a complicated feeling upon meeting one of the people that also bore a sin that was as strong as hers.

When she remembered Wiliam's story about Chiffon's attempt to eat a banana peel in the Garbage Dump, her feeling of wanting to take care of the little glutton budded inside her heart.

Ian nodded in understanding. She had seen how domineering Jekyll was during the war. Right now, she had labeled Chiffon as a young Taotie that still couldn't control her powers.

"Ah, I almost forgot," Princess Sidonie stopped poking the sleeping girl before staring at William with a serious expression. "How is your bloodthirst coming along these days? I think you should take a drink now, while you're still feeling better. I'll look after Chiffon for the time being, Ashe, I'll leave him in your care."

"Understood." Ashe then held William's hand. "Let's go. It's no good if you try to wait until you reach your limit before taking action. Do you still remember what happened last time?"

"Okay," William replied and held Ian's hand firmly.

A few seconds later, both people disappeared from the room, leaving only Princess Sidonie and the sleeping Chiffon behind.

Ashe's body shuddered when she felt the familiar prickling pain, followed by a sense of Euphoria.

William drank slowly. He didn't want to waste a drop of Ashe's blood because for him, his lover's blood was precious. The mermaid wrapped her arms around William's neck as she enjoyed the pleasurable sensation that was washing over her body.

Ashe wouldn't admit it, but she was somewhat addicted to the sublime ecstasy that was sending shivers down her spine.

After having his fill, William kissed the place where he drew blood from Ashe, and used his Life Magic to heal her wound.

The beautiful mermaid had lost all of her strength, so she allowed William to dress her up once again.

"Next time, I'll drink Charmaine's blood," William lovingly whispered in her ears. "I've been drinking a lot of your blood as of late. I don't want you to become anemic."

Ashe sighed before reluctantly nodding her head. "I understand."

Charmaine was one of the Elves that had surrendered to William after the War in the City of Gladiolus. She was also the officer of the platoon that had captured Arslan when the Freedom Fighters were having a meeting, near the border of the Zelan Dynasty.

When William went to the Undying Lands, Malacai told him that the only one that could use his scepter was an undead.

This was how the First King of the Hellan Kingdom transformed into an Arcane Spectral Lich. anyone who touched Malacai's Scepter would be transformed into a High-Level undead and become Malacai's servant.

Naturally, William didn't plan on dying, but he also needed the power to command the Undead Army to help them in the war.

With the help of the System, they fought against the corruption of the scepter. However, it also came with a price. The power of the scepter was insane. It was a Mythical Artifact, which forced William to pay two hundred years of his life, and permanently turn his left hand, all the way up to his arm, into that of a vampire's.

Vampires were also undead creatures, and held incredible strength and powers. Upon touching Malacai's Scepter, William gained the Prestige Job Class, Vampiric Necromancer.

This was why William's left hand, and arm, had a different skin tone compared to the other parts of his body. Fortunately, if William drank some blood, the paleness of his hand and arm disappeared, making it look completely normal.

Even Malacai was surprised that William was able to resist his scepter's corruption, and didn't turn into one of his subordinates. Out of admiration, Malacai decided to cease all hostilities with William, with a condition.

The Half-Elf would cease to rob Avalon of its treasures and artifacts, that had survived the Era of the Gods.

Also, Malacai allowed William to command his Undead Legion once.

Out of curiosity, William asked if Malacai would give William the permission to summon his Undead Army from time to time. The Dracolich surprisingly agreed to his request, but there was another condition attached to using the Undead Legion.

"You can only command my army if you are planning to conduct a Massacre."

This was the answer that the Dracolich had given him.

A massacre that would number in the tens of thousands. Malacai even joked that a massacre of millions was more suited to his taste.

When William made a proposal of purifying the souls of the Undead Warriors that had been stationed in Avalon for thousands of years, Malacai didn't reject it right away. Instead, he said that Avalon must always have an army within.

Of course, the Dracolich hinted that the new undead army didn't need to be humans.

This was why William conducted a massacre and sent the newly born Undead Elves to Avalon in order to take the place of the warriors that he was about to send back to the Cycle of Reincarnation.

True to his word, William spared the Elven Women, as well as the Elves that he had captured when he faced off with Elandorr at the Gate of Beginnings. These young elves cursed William's names to the high heavens and Charmaine was the most vocal of them all.

The Arcane Spectral Lich knew of William's need for blood, so he made his move and… used his arcane powers to wipe all of Charmaine's memories.

It was not only her, The Lich had wiped the memories of twelve teenage Elves, and made them William's personal blood banks.

These Elven ladies now stayed inside William's Thousand Beast Domain, and treated William as their master.

In return, the Half-Elf treated them courteously, and they became the caretakers of the Villa inside the Thousand Beast Domain.

Although their memories were lost, they were still excellent warriors and magicians. They often accompanied William's Herd and Legion in clearing out the Atlantis Dungeon when they finished their chores in the Villa.

The moment that William had attained the Vampiric Necromancer Job Class, the Passive Skill Bloodthirst had been permanently added to his Status Page.

-- You would regularly crave for the blood of others.

-- If the craving for blood passes a certain limit, there is a high possibility of going into a berserked state until you have sated your thirst for blood.

-- Drinking the blood of others will give you +20 to all stats for one hour.

"Will, after a few years, set them free," Ashe said as she held William's hand. "Don't worry, I'm sure that Wendy, Est, Sidonie, and I will be more than enough for you to drink to your fill.

William squeezed Ashe's hand gently as he nodded. "If that is your wish then so be it. I will set them free when I go to the Silvermoon Continent."

"No need to thank me. I also think that this is a good idea."

Currently, William needed to drink blood at least twice a week. The longest he could last without drinking blood was eight days, but if he went past that limit, he would lose himself to his bloodthirst and go on a rampage.

Wiping the Elves' memories was the Lich's way of thanking William for saving the kingdom that he had founded. Although it might seem like a horrific way of thanking someone, the Lich didn't think much about it.

After all, those who dared to attack his Kingdom had only themselves to blame for the consequences of their actions.