Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 523: I Will Teach You How To Smile

William woke up early because he planned to look for his Master to seek his advice.

As an Alchemist, Albert was capable of creating Food Pills that allowed people to stave off hunger for three days at a time.

He was planning to get the pill recipe from the Full Kettle Alchemist and try to use it as an ingredient to strengthen the effects of his chocolate lollipop, which he would give to Chiffon.

Although the effects of his lollipop could last for three days when consumed, that only worked for normal people.

Chiffon was not part of that category, and William wanted to help her. The sight of her picking up trash to eat was something he couldn't erase from his mind.

Five minutes later, William barged inside his Fifth Master's residence and saw the renowned Alchemist snoring on his couch.

Clearly, he had once again drunk at the Tavern, and probably snagged a beauty while he was at it. William didn't know why his new Master was living a playboy lifestyle. However, since this was Albert's private life, he decided to mind his own business.

After waking up the disgruntled Alchemist, William had gotten the recipe that he needed.

"Just what are you planning to do with those Food Pills?" Albert yawned. "Are you planning to go on a journey?"

"Yes," William replied. "I plan to visit the dungeon in Silverwind City tomorrow."

"Is that so? Well, just make sure you don't accidentally kick the bucket."

"Don't worry, Master. I'm too young and too handsome to die so early."

"That's the spirit!" Albert patted William's shoulder. "My offer still stands. We can celebrate your birthday in the Red Light District. The tab is on me!"

Albert laid on the couch and smirked in WIlliam's direction. "Tell me, are you planning to feed those Food Pills to Chiffon?"

William glanced at his No-Good-Master and wondered how the latter knew that he had met with Chiffon.

"Stupid boy, I have eyes and ears everywhere." Albert raised his head in arrogance. "So, am I right, or am I right?"

Albert rubbed his chin as he eyed William with a smile. "One Food Pill can satisfy her hunger for an hour. As you can see, the prices of the ingredients of the Food Pill is not cost-effective when it comes to her.

"If you plan to become her food supplier, you better rob a merchant or a bandit hideout. That is the only way that you can keep that little lass from going to the Garbage Dump everyday."

"Did you also try to help her, Master?"

"Well, someone asked me for a favor. Unfortunately, I was only able to help her for three weeks before I gave up." Albert scratched his head. "I'm an Alchemist. Making pills without getting any profit is a loss for me."

William nodded. "Thank you, Master."

"Do you prefer those types of girls? The cute and adorable ones?"

William rolled his eyes at the smiling bastard before leaving the room. Knowing Albert's personality, he was sure that his Fifth Master would tease the hell out of him, so he decided to make a strategic retreat and save himself from embarrassing himself.

As William was walking towards his classroom, he saw Chiffon walking in the direction of the Boy's Dormitories.

The red-headed teenager smirked and sneaked up behind the adorable little girl with the plan to surprise her. Unfortunately, when he was only ten meters away from her, Chiffon turned around and looked at the tree behind her.

"Big Brother? Why are you hiding behind that tree?" Chiffon asked.

William was surprised because he was sure that he had properly snuck up behind her using the skills that he had honed over the years.

"Big Brother?" Chiffon called out once again, forcing William to show himself.

A single glance was enough to tell William that Chiffon had just finished taking a bath. Her hair still looked a bit wet, but her current expression was way better compared to the one she had yesterday.

William had to admit that Chiffon's cuteness was as destructive as his cousin's, Eve. He also noticed that she was wearing a brand new uniform, which enhanced her appeal.

Anyone who saw her would have the urge to spoil her, and put a smile on her face.

When this thought came to William's mind, he realized something important. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

'That's right,' William thought as he looked at the approaching girl, who was looking at him with a curious gaze. 'I didn't see her smile yesterday.'

When the girl was only a meter away from William, Chiffon extended her hand as if she was asking William to give her something.

The Half-Elf stared at the slender and delicate hand for a while, before raising his hand to place it over her palm.

Chiffon looked at William in a dumbfounded manner because the latter had misunderstood her extension.

"Big Brother, I want some lollipops," Chiffon said. "Can you please, give me some?"

William scratched his cheek in embarrassment before he summoned a lollipop in his hand. He once again gave Chiffon ten red, blue, and chocolate colored lollipops just like he did last time.

If Eve were to meet Chiffon, both of them would definitely become good friends. Why? It is because both girls were quite good at extorting people for food.

"The next time you ask me for lollipops, you will have to pay me," William said in a teasing voice.

Chiffon's expression became serious because she was dirt poor. At most, she only received 100 Silver Coins as allowance every week.

This was nothing compared to the 500 gold coin allowance that the nobles gave to their children who were currently enrolled at Silverwind Academy.

"H-How much will the lollipop cost?" Chiffon asked teary eyed.

William felt conflicted when he saw the sad expression on Chiffon's face. He only said it as a joke, but the little girl had taken it seriously.

"A smile," William replied. "You will give me a smile every time I give you a bunch of lollipops. Do we have a deal?"

Chiffon hesitated but she still nodded her head in the end. She carefully stored William's lollipop in her storage ring and placed her two fingers at the corner of her lips.

She then moved them upwards and showed William the most horrendous smile that he had seen in both of his lifetimes.

William flicked Chiffon's head which made the latter cry out in pain. She then looked at William with a face filled with injustice, as she held her aching forehead.

Right now, the little girl was upset because she felt that she had been terribly wronged by the Half-Elf in front of her.

"I said give me a smile, not a grimace," William said. "Are you joking with me?"

"… No." Chiffon pouted. "I just don't understand."

William looked at Chiffon and was itching to flick her forehead again. However, when he saw how serious her expression was, he realized that the little girl wasn't joking.

"You mean to tell me that you don't know how to smile?" William asked with a frown. "Have you never smiled? Not even once?"

"I-I don't know," Chiffon shook her head. "Big Brother, can you please, teach me, how to smile? That way, I can pay you for the lollipops that you give me."

The little girl's pleading eyes were too much for William to bear. In the end, he sighed and patted Chiffon's head.

"Okay. I will teach you how to smile," William said softly.

"Thank you, Big Brother," Chiffon lowered her head so that William could pat it more… This was the first time that someone had done this to her, and for some reason, she didn't dislike it.