Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 612: The Future Belongs To Me

An old woman looked up at what seemed to be a big red bubble floating on the sky.

Inside that bubble, two teenagers floated. The old woman had a nasty smile on her face as she observed the color of the red crystal that hovered above Chiffon’s heart.

Right now, a small glow could be seen at its center. This was the proof that Chiffon’s Heart Devil was slowly taking hold of her heart. Once the entire crystal was filled with a radiant glow, it then would start to crack.

This meant that the person’s heart had lost to their Heart Devil and was now ready for the final phase. The Guardian that governed the 51st Floor liked to eat hearts. He especially liked the hearts of innocent people because they had a very rich and overpowering taste.

However, the Guardian had discovered a much better way to make the taste of people’s hearts extra special. Once they had lost to their Heart Devil, the Guardian would grant that person’s deepest desire and satisfy that person’s wish.

That way, their already delicious hearts would become richer, and would give him more power once he consumed them.

They had already known that Chiffon was a holder of a powerful Divinity. Although they didn’t know what this Divinity was, they really weren’t too bothered about it. She was not the first one that was born with this priceless treasure.

There had been many others who had succumbed to the Heart Demons and ended up in the Guardian’s hands. Their powers had long become part of his body.

“Just one more Divinity and his Excellency will be able to break through the laws that bind him to this tower,” the old woman said softly. “You should be honored, Child. Your heart will give birth to a God that will rule this world. Worry not, before you draw your last breath, your deepest desire will be granted. Isn’t my Lord benevolent?”

The old woman chuckled before setting her eyes on William who was floating right beside Chiffon.

“Well, this boy is not bad,” the old woman muttered. “I guess, I can ask his Excellency to bestow you to me as a reward for serving him for the past hundred years.”

The old woman grinned showing her yellowish teeth.

“All the men here have turned into those disgusting Yara-ma-yha-whos and cockatrices. It has been so many years since I saw a decent looking young man, you will have to satisfy me for now until we are able to leave the tower.”

The two teenagers were unaware of what was happening in their surroundings. Their consciousnesses were currently trapped within the second trial of the 51st Floor. Truthfully, the reason why no one had been able to clear the Devil’s Floor was due to the Guardian.

As the God that ruled over the floor, no one was his match. This allowed him to manipulate the laws according to his wishes and make the trial very difficult to clear. Even if someone were to clear the trial, they would still need his approval to proceed to the next floor.

This was why no one had been able to succeed. The Guardian of the 51st Floor had done the taboo and ate the hearts of the players that had stepped onto his floor.

Supposedly, Guardians shouldn’t actively participate in the trials of their respective floors. However, the administrator of the floor was an exception because he was a very malevolent being.

The moment he became the Sovereign of the Devil’s Floor, the result had already been set in stone.

Up above the sky, two eyes were looking fondly at the pink-haired girl, whose heart was screaming in fear, pain, and anxiety. The glow of the red-crystal was becoming stronger by the minute, but the Guardian knew that it would still take anywhere from three days to a week before the heart he desired was finally ready.

He had already waited for over a thousand years, he could afford to wait a few more days. All he wanted to do was to sink his teeth into Chiffon’s heart that contained a piece of Divinity.

For the past thousand years, he had already collected twenty-three Divinities. Each of them gave him enormous power. Now that another Divinity was presented to him, he was certain that once he left the tower, no one would be his match!

As for the girl’s companion, he hadn’t sensed anything from his body. For him, William was just an ordinary Half-Elf. Even the power he showed earlier wasn’t anything special.

His servant had already requested that the Half-Elf be given to her. Since that was the case, the Guardian readily agreed and promised to give the red-headed teenager to her as a reward.

Why should he care about a mere Half-Elf? The only thing he cared about was the adorable, pink-haired girl, whom he had set his eyes on from the very start.

-

A day passed, and Prince Jason woke up inside his room.

His injury had already been healed, and there were no other side effects of the poison inside his body.

He walked towards the balcony of his room and gazed upon the sunrise in the distance.

Today was the last day of the quarter finals. If he won his fight today, he would proceed to the semi-finals, which would only be a step away from realizing his goal.

He caressed the bracelet on his right hand. This was the artifact that was given to him by the Oracle. It was his Trump Card in the tournament. If possible, he didn’t want to use it and leave it as a secret weapon when he stepped into the finals. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

However, his last battle made him realize that he couldn’t underestimate his opponents. If not for the fact that the Oracle was also in the Grand Arena, he would have perished under the hands of the deadly poison from the Demonic Continent.

“It doesn’t matter who I face,” Prince Jason muttered. “I will be the Champion of this tournament.”

A sneer appeared on his face when he remembered the red-headed teenager who had suddenly disappeared from the academy. Prince Jason had long wanted to have a one on one battle with William to show everyone that he wasn’t anything special.

In his mind, the Half-Elf only won the war due to the Undead Army.

He was only strong because he had an ability that allowed him to jump ranks and become as powerful as a Saint.

Prince Jason believed that now that they were on equal footing, he would be able to prove that he was a better warrior. He would be able to prove that he was a better man.

Someone that others should look up to with fear and respect.

That he was the person that deserved to be surrounded by riches and beauties, and the only person who had the qualification to pin down the seductive Princess from the Southern Continent on his bed. He vowed that after he won the tournament, he would stake his claim and make his cousin his bride.

“It’s your fault for running away, Half-Elf,” Prince Jason smiled. He then raised his right hand as if trying to grab the sun that was rising in the East. “The future belongs to me!”