Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 638: His Legend Is About To Begin Part 1

"Let it be known to one and all that the one who conquered the 51st Floor of the Tower of Babylon is none other than…

"William Von Ainsworth!"

Ashe and Princess Sidonie's eyes widened in shock as they glanced at each other. Both of them hadn't heard from William for the past few days and they were very worried about him and Chiffon's current circumstances. They didn't expect that this was how they would know his current situation, and they were caught completely unprepared by the incredible news.

Gilbert, the Headmaster of the Silverwind Academy, and the one that gave William all the information he knew about the Tower of Babylon, almost choked on his saliva when he heard the world-wide announcement.

It had only been a short time since William had left the Academy, and Gilbert was sure that the Half-Elf would give up before he could even reach the 51st floor. He didn't expect that the boy, who had caused trouble in his academy, would really be able to clear the floor that no one had cleared for the past thousand years.

'That brat really did it!' Gilbert pressed his hands over his chest. 'He actually did it!'

Emperor Leonidas and the rest of the rulers exchanged glances because this was something totally unexpected. With this development, the era of climbing the Tower of Babylon would once again commence, and the Empires would immediately start to send their elite subordinates to fight for riches for their respective empires.

Lilith, who had won the tournament, had been completely forgotten. She had been basking in the limelight, but after the announcement, her earlier fame felt like a big joke. William had completely stolen the spotlight, and it made Empress Andraste feel sorry for her daughter.

However, the Amazon Princess wasn't feeling depressed or affronted. Instead, her eyes lit up because an idea came to her mind. She had long wanted the Half-Elf who was the son of the Saintess of the World Tree, Lady Arwen, and Dungeon Conqueror, Maxwell.

A devilish smile appeared on her face, which was similar to James' when he was about to scam people.

Zagarl, the Demon General, had a frown on his face when he heard the announcement. As a Demon, there was one surname that they hated the most and it was none other than the surname "Ainsworth".

For them, if Maxwell hadn't interfered with their invasion of the Silvermoon Continent, they would have already enslaved the Elves.

'Such a hateful family,' Zagarl clenched his fist in anger. 'I better nip him in the bud before he can awaken his full potential.'

While Lilith, Zagarl, and the Sovereigns of the various factions in the continent were making plans in their heads, they once again heard the familiar tolling of a bell. Not long afterwards, the Divine voice spoke once again and announced a world-shaking declaration.

If earlier, the first announcement surprised them, the next one alarmed them.

"Let it be known to one and all that the ruling family of the 49th Floor, the Moreau Family, is now stripped off their rights as the ruling family of the 49th Floor, and hereby exiled from the Tower of Babylon!"

"I repeat, Let it be known to one and all that the ruling family of the 49th Floor, the Moreau Family, is now stripped off their rights as the ruling family of the 49th Floor, and hereby exiled from the Tower of Babylon!"

"As the Mandate of the Tower of Babylon, I hereby announce the name of the new owner of the 49th Floor."

"The new ruler of the 49th Floor is none other than William Von Ainsworth!"

"I repeat!"

"As the Mandate of the Tower of Babylon, I hereby announce the name of the new owner of the 49th Floor."

"The new ruler of the 49th Floor is none other than William Von Ainsworth!"

---

A grin appeared on Emperor Leonidas' face after hearing the announcement. To be perfectly honest, the moment that William conquered the 51st Floor, The Emperor had finally made up his mind to write a decree that would officially recognize William as his granddaughter's fiance.

He also planned to hold a Grand Wedding as soon as possible to prevent other forces from nabbing the red-headed teenager, and make him the groom of their own princesses.

The other Sovereigns also had the same line of thought. If they could bring William under their wing then they would be able to have a share of the pie that the Half-Elf had nabbed for himself.

What they didn't know was that it was only the beginning of a series of announcements that would make everyone in the World of Hestia know William's name.

---

In the Town of Lont…

James was roaring with laughter as he held his granddaughter, Eve, in his hands. He then decided to start calling his friends by using the communication crystals, so that he could boast about his grandson's achievements.

He passed Eve to her mother, Anna, and took out the communication crystals in his storage ring. James called Lawrence and his plan was to make his old friend feel sorry for his daughter's and granddaughter's arrogant behavior.

Since this was a world-wide announcement, everyone in the World of Hestia heard it. The Griffith Family, who had antagonized William in the past, would definitely not feel good about the Half-Elf's amazing accomplishments.

"Hahaha! Lawrence, MY good friend, how are you?" James greeted with a big smile on his face.

Lawrence snorted at James' smug expression and knew the reason why the Old Bastard called him. He had already expected the old coot to settle old grievances and chose this opportunity to rub salt on their faces.

However, before Lawrence could even nag James for being petty, another announcement spread across the heavens.

--

"Let it be known to one and all that the ruling family of the 45th Floor, the Valkazar Family, is now stripped off their rights as the ruling family of the 45th Floor, and hereby exiled from the Tower of Babylon!"

"I repeat, Let it be known to one and all that the ruling family of the 45th Floor, the Valkazar Family, is now stripped off their rights as the ruling family of the 45th Floor, and hereby exiled from the Tower of Babylon!"

"As the Mandate of the Tower of Babylon, I hereby announce the name of the new owner of the 45th Floor."

"The new ruler of the 45th Floor is none other than William Von Ainsworth!"

--

James who had been roaring with laughter earlier choked on his own saliva and coughed out loud. After regaining his composure, James looked at his old friend Lawrence with a smirk.

"Sorry, Old Friend," James said. "I will talk to you later. I still have important matters to attend to!"

"Wait, you Old Bastard! We still have something to talk-"

James cut off the connection and didn't even bother to listen to what Lawrence was about to say. For him, there was something more important that he had to do, and he had to do it now.

"Ezio, come," James ordered.

A black mist appeared out of nowhere and materialized in front of James. Ezio, bowed his head in greeting and waited for James's orders.

"Prepare to travel. We are going to the Central Continent," James ordered. "It's time to help my grandson secure the riches that he has acquired. I don't want any annoying flies to try and get their filthy hands on the resources that belong to our family!"

"Understood, My Liege," Ezio bowed and disappeared. It had been a while since he last saw William. However, Ezio was amazed because his Disciple's ability to stir up trouble had reached new heights after he went to the Central COntinent.

Deep inside, Ezio was really curious about how his shameless Disciple managed to accomplish such an unbelievable task.

---

Demonic Continent…

"Speak of the Devil," an old hag with a wrinkled face and a crooked nose said with amusement. "You just mentioned that your Disciple's name is William, right? Is that the same William that the Messenger of the Tower of Babylon is announcing right now?"

Celine, who was kneeling on the ground to pay respects to her Master, had a dumbfounded expression on her face when she heard the consecutive announcements. It wasn't that long ago that she had parted with William, and Celeste, in the Central Continent before looking for her Master in the Demonic Continent.

To think that on the same day she found her Master, her Disciple's accomplishments would be broadcasted world-wide.

The old hag chuckled as she approached her Disciple who had a complicated expression on her face.

"It seems that your first man is very capable," the old hag teased. "In truth, I was about to look for him and test whether he is worthy of you. I guess, I don't need to go through all that trouble now."

"Master, there must have been some kind of mistake," Celine answered.

The old hag chuckled for the second time as she patted Celine's soft, and silky hair.

"Silly girl, how could there be a mistake?" the old hag commented. "This is a Divine message that is passed whenever someone clears a floor in the tower. I have heard it several times in my lifetime, so I can guarantee its credibility.

"However, what I didn't expect was that your chosen man was capable to this degree. Not only did he conquer the 51st Floor, he even managed to dethrone the ruling families of the 49th, and 45th Floors? Truly unbelievable."

The old hag was about to say more when she heard another tolling of a bell. Both she, and Celine glanced at each other in surprise, and this time, both the Master's, and Disciple's mouth opened wide in shock as the Divine Voice once again made an announcement. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

---

Silvermoon Continent…

"Let it be known to one and all that the ruling family of the 41st Floor, the Amaral Family, is now stripped off their rights as the ruling family of the 41st Floor, and hereby exiled from the Tower of Babylon!"

"As the Mandate of the Tower of Babylon, I hereby announce the name of the new owner of the 41st Floor."

"The new ruler of the 41st Floor is none other than William Von Ainsworth!"

"I repeat…"

Arwen and Skyla stood side by side as they looked up at the heavens. Both of them were in the Sanctuary of the World Tree when they heard the announcements about William's achievements.

At first, Arwen couldn't believe what she was hearing, but after a few minutes, her mood returned to normal. She then walked towards the World Tree and pressed her forehead against its trunk.

"That's our boy," Arwen said softly. "That's our little Will."

The tree trunk shimmered for a brief moment as if agreeing to Arwen's words. William's mother who hadn't seen her son for years wept silently. She had long wanted to hold her son in her embrace, and wanted to shield him from all kinds of harm.

However, this was not possible at this moment in time.

Skyla had already told her repeatedly that her son would almost always be in the forefront of trouble, wherever he goes.

It was as if he was born with the troublemaking genes that would attract all the troubles in the world to stand in his way.

"This is your fault," Arwen lightly tapped the trunk of the World Tree. "He inherited all your bad habits."

The trunk glowed in protest to Arwen's claims.

Skyla watched as the Saintess and the World Tree bickered at each other using their own language. In the end, she left the two and flew towards the sky. The White Crane was trying hard to fight the temptation of visiting William in the Central Continent.

Skyla wanted to see just what kind of ruckus the Half-Elf had made this time around.

--------------------

The series of announcements didn't stop, and kept on coming. With each new announcement, those who heard it became baffled, until their bafflement turned into numbness.

The announcements were quite ridiculous, and if not for the power of Divinity contained within the voice, they would think that someone was merely pranking them.

The 49th Floor.

The 45th Floor.

The 41st Floor.

The 37th Floor.

The 23rd Floor.

The 16th Floor.

And finally, the 2nd Floor, which belonged to the Agnis Family, fell in William's hands.

These were the floors within he Tower of Babylon that had promoted human trafficking and enslavement. After dealing with the 51st Floor, William descended to the lower floors and blackmailed the Guardians into tearing up the contracts that the Ruling Families had signed with them.

For the Guardians that had seen how he devoured Belial, and the entirety of the 51st Floor, the choice was an easy one to make. Instead of becoming William's enemies, they decided to cooperate and broke ties with the families that had conquered their respective floors.

Not only did they break the contracts, they even exiled the said families, forbidding them to set foot in the tower again.

Only after finishing this endeavor did William return to the 51st Floor. He still had things that he had to settle on the Devil's Floor, and he was almost like a spent candle after merging with Chiffon, and using the power of her Divinity.

The Half-Elf was completely oblivious that the things he did in the tower had already been announced to every corner of the World of Hestia.

This information was like a tidal wave that forced everyone to stop whatever they were doing.

After a thousand years of waiting, William finally paved the way for the new generation to once again challenge the Tower of Babylon, and climb to new heights that no one had reached before.