Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 642 - Honeymoon In Valhalla [Part 2] - Rated 18

( Disclaimer: You guys already know that this is coming. However, before I say anything else, let me just share three words with all of you and that is "She's Legal, Okay?". If you are not comfortable in reading these kinds of scenes, feel free to skip this chapter. )

Chiffon looked up at her husband with anxiousness. Deep inside, she was worried that William would find her body unattractive. This was the night they would consummate their marriage, and she didn't know whether she would be able to meet his expectations.

The pink-haired girl was paying close attention to William, so she was able to see the changes in his body and expression. Both of them were bereft of clothes, so it was easy for Chiffon to see everything about her partner.

William was looking at her entirety with a heated gaze. She could tell that he wanted her, and this discovery decreased the worries in her heart. Although she was embarrassed, she didn't cover herself and allowed William's gaze to wander to all the places he wanted to see.

The Half-Elf had sensed Chiffon's anxiety so he kissed her forehead, and her cheeks, before whispering in her ear.

"You're perfect the way you are, Chiffon," William whispered. "And even if you aren't perfect, that won't change the fact that I love you. No matter what happens, you will have a place in my heart."

Tears started to fall from the sides of Chiffon's eyes because William's words had chased away all of her insecurities. The Half-Elf wiped her tears away with his fingers, and gave her a lingering kiss on her lips.

The pink-haired girl returned William's kiss and even wrapped her arms around his back. Ever since William had kissed her on the lips for the first time, and returned her heart to her, she had grown very fond of kissing.

She had never felt so happy in her life, and it made her realize that the world wasn't as dark and difficult a place as she had thought in the past.

After their kiss ended, William lowered his head and kissed Chiffon's neck. He then moved downwards and left a trail of kisses on her soft, and smooth body, until he reached the two soft snowy mounds that were his for the taking.

William didn't hesitate and planted a kiss on Chiffon's… before having his way with it. William alternated between the two, which made his young bride take several deep breaths, as she endured his relentless assaults.

"B-Big Brother, I am feeling strange," Chiffon said with a flushed expression.

Instead of answering her, William continued to shower her with his love, making the pink-haired girl clutch the sheets with her hands, and unknowingly allowed her sweet voice to escape from her lips.

The Half-Elf found Chiffon's pleasure-filled moans simply irresistible. Even though his bride was a few months older than him, her petite features--due to her lineage of being Half-Dwarf and? Half-Demon--made William feel a sense of corruption that was hard to describe.

The Half-Elf spent a good amount of time preparing Chiffon for their union. He was very worried that she might not be able to take it, but the pink-haired girl had assured him that she wasn't a fragile vase that would break easily.

The moment they became one, Chiffon was filled from head to foot with a firm belief that she had been born for this moment. Her sad childhood, and what remained of her innocence, fell apart and shattered like the broken fragments of a precious crystal cup that had been locked up for display. Even the transient pain disappeared, and was replaced by a promise of eternity.

For a brief moment, Chiffon envisioned herself staring down on their lovemaking from above their heads.

Chiffon observed her body from her vantage point, and felt that her body was smooth, and sufficient, capable of weathering the storms that the Half-Elf was stirring up inside her. The pink-haired girl regarded her body with satisfaction because it was safe and sound.

Her small, yet strong body, that had been born in the Demonic Continent, and accompanied William to the Tower of Babylon, would take care of everything.

Chiffon even had the notion that her body was both a gate, and a fortress that housed a priceless treasure within, and William had the key to open it.

With a sigh of pleasure, she pressed herself against William, and clung to him, never wanting to let go.

With every thrust, she felt her body shuddering.

With every breath she took, she felt more alive.

Catching her breath, more sighs of pleasure escaped her lips, as she moved with him, and not against him.

She was fine.

Her body was fine.

Everything was going to be fine.

William and Chiffon kissed and tangled their bodies up in the bedsheets.

Every time that they thought that their desires were spent, they found out that they weren't, and made love once more.

Their last love making session was sweet and slow, but just like their first time that was filled with passion, it was equally as pleasurable.

When they finally stopped, and nestled their naked bodies in each other's warmth, Chiffon thought that even this simple form of skinship felt so terribly good that she felt like crying.

It was an intimacy that had far surpassed the concept of lovemaking. Being together with the man she loved made her body, and soul, feel complete.

For the first time in her life, Chiffon felt that her heart was filled to the brim with love, that not even her Sin of Gluttony, could make her feel hungry at that moment in time.

Soon, they fell asleep in each other's arms, knowing that their love for each other had been properly conveyed.

The two newlyweds had no doubt in their minds that the flames of love they shared, would continue to burn until the end of time.

—--𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Kraetor Empire…

Tears started to stream down the side of Ashe's face, not because of sadness, but due to the overwhelming feelings of love that she felt through William.

The two of them shared both halves of her heart, so she was able to feel the strong emotions from her significant other. Now that the laws of the 51st Floor were under William's control, their connection to each other had been re-established.

Although Wiliam couldn't go to the Thousand Beast Domain due to the restrictions of the Tower of Babylon, Ashe could still send him a message if she were to enter William's Thousand Beast Domain.

After securing Kenneth from the Amazons, Ashe went to William's Domain to communicate with her lover. There, William explained his and Chiffon's current situation without hiding anything.

Ashe had been shocked silly when she found out that William had married Chiffon in the Tower of Babylon. She and Princess Sidonie had already thought of the possibility of Chiffon being one of William's lovers, but they didn't expect that the two would actually get married during the short time that they were away from each other.

When Princess Sidonie got wind of this news, she immediately went to see her Grandfather and urged him to set the date of her wedding with William.

Now that the Half-Elf was a celebrity in the entire world of Hestia, Princess Sidonie was sure that the Emperors, Kings, and Queens of the world would use any means, including using their daughters, to ensnare William.

Emperor Leonidas was in agreement and immediately scheduled his granddaughter's marriage at the soonest time possible. After careful consideration, they decided to hold the wedding a month after William went to visit the Misty Peaks to have his fated battle with Rebecca.

Although Princess Sidonie had heard of William's Ex-Fiance, the princess didn't really think too highly of her.

She had already asked William, as well as his other lovers--Wendy, Ashe, and Est, about the so-called genius of the Hellan Kingdom, and didn't hear any good things about her.

Wendy was the only one that took the neutral stance because Rebecca was a close friend of hers, similar to that of a sister.

However, Ashe, and Est, didn't hold back their contempt for the brown-haired lady, who only treated William as a tool to escape marriage proposals from the different influential families.

They had been there when Rebecca and William were forced to agree on their Seven-Year Duel on the peaks of the Misty Sect. However, due to the events that happened in the Southern Continent, their long-awaited battle was moved to the founding day of the Sect she had joined.

Princess Sidonie could only laugh in her heart at the current state of things. For her, Rebecca had lost big time the moment she decided to break her marriage agreement with William.

The Princess was even looking forward to when she, Ashe, and the envoy of the Kraetor Empire would visit Rebecca in the Misty Sect, and personally witness the so-called genius getting trampled under her lover's feet.