Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 643 - Looking For Treasures [Part 1]

William woke up at dawn to see an unexpected scene.

His young bride, who was nestled in his arms, was nibbling on his chest, while she slept. It felt really ticklish, but William endured it because it was very rare for him to wake up and see Chiffon nibbling on his body, while she slept.Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Drool could be seen spilling out from the corner of her lips, as she continued nibbling without a care in the world. William didn't know if he should laugh or be worried about Chiffon's current state.

On one hand, he wished he had a cellphone to record his pink-haired bride's embarrassing moment and save it for eternity. He was actually looking forward to the kind of reaction she would do, once she saw herself doing something very "Chiffon-like" to him.

On the other hand, he was feeling slightly anxious because his wife carried the Sin of Gluttony and was a former Giantess. Both personas liked to eat, and William felt that he should find a way to ensure that Chiffon wouldn't accidentally eat him in her sleep.

After his anxiety subsided, William was able to appreciate the young beauty in his arms. Different from his other lovers, Chiffon was like a little angel that had been born into the world to be loved.

Unfortunately, reality was cruel, and she had to fend for herself after her mother passed away. It was truly heartbreaking, especially when she was surrounded by THAT kind of family. The Half-Elf's resolve to smack Chiffon's older brother, Felix, and her father, Lucian, grew stronger in his mind.

William could still remember the promise he made to April inside Chiffon's Dreamscape. He didn't know if what transpired there really happened, or if it was just a result of the Heart Devil's and Chiffon's wills.

'Please, rest in peace, mother-in-law,' William said in his heart. 'I will love and protect your daughter for the rest of my life.'

William removed the strands of hair that blocked Chiffon's face and gently planted a kiss on her forehead. He could tell at a glance that his lover was very tired and might wake up around noon due to how passionate both of them were on their first night.

The Half-Elf lovingly activated his Life Mage skill and used it to heal Chiffon's body. Although he did his best to be gentle, his little wife's moans were simply too hard to resist. Because of this, there were times when he had been a little rough with her.

William was using healing magic right now to ensure that any injury that Chiffon might have received during their lovemaking would be healed. He cared for her so much that his heart ached at the thought of leaving bruises on her delicate body.

Perhaps due to William's healing magic, Chiffon stopped her nibbling and simply rested her head on his chest. This continued for a few minutes until William's healing spell wore off.

Chiffon chose this moment to wake up, and the first thing she did was to kiss William's cheeks.

"Thank you, Big Brother," Chiffon said. "I love you."

"I love you too," William replied as he kissed her back. "Did I wake you up?"

Chiffon nodded her head and yawned, before snuggling on William's chest. Her exhaustion had been washed away completely by William's healing magic. Although she was still sleepy, she fought it off and sought the warmth of her lover.

The Half-Elf was more than happy to accommodate his bride, and spoil her rotten.

After pampering the pink-haired girl, Chiffon suddenly had a playful mood and started to pinch William's chest while giggling. However, she made a mistake in doing so. She had unknowingly awakened a sleeping dragon due to her actions.

Little Will rose up from his slumber and decided to poke her back. Chiffon's face immediately reddened because she remembered the little guy's tenacity a few hours ago. She looked up to see William's expression, but she instantly froze when he saw the devilish smile on his face.

"Chiffon."

"B-Big Brother?"

"Don't play with fire unless you're prepared to get burned," William said in a teasing tone. "I just healed your body and you're already asking for trouble."

Chiffon covered her face in embarrassment because she didn't expect that her actions would turn into this kind of development.

William chuckled internally because he was just joking with her. He knew that Chiffon was still inexperienced in these kinds of things, so he decided to take things slow.

He acted as a bandit and carried Chiffon off the bed and headed to the bathroom. The pink-haired girl didn't resist and simply allowed herself to be carried off by her husband.

Chiffon knew that after a month, she and William would once again return to the outside world. When that happened, she wouldn't have the opportunity to monopolize her husband because he also loved other women.

After asking who William's current lovers were, Chiffon had a rough idea about who he would be marrying next. Because of this, she decided to take advantage of the time she had while she and William couldn't leave the tower.

William only planned to take a bath with Chiffon, but due to the latter's determination, both of them spent two hours inside the bathroom. The Half-Elf was surprised to see that his wife had a daring side to her.

Nevertheless, he accepted her advances and spent some quality time with his bride on their month-long honeymoon.

—--

Five hours after William's and Chiffon's episode in the bathroom…

William was currently staring at the treasure vault of the castle of Asgard. Naturally, since he had just remodeled the 51st Floor a day ago, the vault had nothing inside it… or so he would like to think.

As the owner of the Floor of Asgard, William was aware of everything that happened on the floor. Right now, there was a strange fluctuation coming from the Treasure Vault of the castle, and William had gone there alone to investigate.

Chiffon was currently exploring the Floor of Asgard with B1, B2, Psoglav, Kasogonaga, and Erchitu.

Unlike William, Chiffon didn't recover the memories of her past life. For her, Valhalla was a familiar yet unfamiliar place, so she decided to look at the world that her husband had made.

The Half-Elf didn't allow her to go alone, so he summoned Psoglav and Erchitu to accompany her. Kasogonaga had been staying inside the Thousand Beast Domain after the tournament because it had nothing else to do.

After seeing that his friends were going to William's location, the rainbow-colored Anteater decided to tag along.

After the little group of noisy tourists left the Halls of Valhalla, William headed to the castle of Asgard to face whatever was on the other side of the Treasure Vault's doors.

He already had a rough idea on what it was because the Headmaster of Silverwind Academy, Gilbert, had passed all his knowledge about the 51st Floor to him.

"Vault of the Vanished Warlord," William muttered as he pressed his hands over the gate of the Treasure Vault and gave it a push. According to Gilbert, anyone who discovered the vault may choose one item from inside it.

Its location was rumored to be in the Devil's Floor of the Tower of Babylon, so no one was able to find it for a long time. The Headmaster had also told William that he was willing to give him a handsome reward if he could retrieve the artifact that he wanted from the mysterious treasure vault.

In truth, William had no intention of looking for the artifact that the Professor wanted. Since he could only take one item from the vault, he would definitely pick the best and keep it to himself.

When the doors of the Treasure Vault opened, William's eyes widened in shock when he saw a room overflowing with weapons, armors, artifacts, accessories, and other miscellaneous items.

'It's a shame that I can only choose one,' William thought as he stared at the Legendary Treasure Trove of the Firstborns, who once walked the world of Hestia.

"Optimus, is there a way that we can acquire all of these treasures? I am willing to use all our God Points to do so."

< It's no use, Will. The ruler of this Tower will not allow such a thing to happen. The most I can do is to create a list of all the items here and arrange them according to their rarity and uses. However, I have some good news for you. >

'I'm always happy to hear good news. Go on, spill it.'

< Chiffon has also been recognized by the Vault of the Vanished Warlord. Meaning, she can take a treasure for herself. >

'That is indeed some great news.' William chuckled. He hadn't thought of this possibility, but after thinking things through, he realized that Chiffon had indeed earned the right to get a treasure because she had also fought against the Guardian of the Floor and won.

"Optimus, make sure to list every item in this treasury. Do not let even a single piece of jewelry escape your sights."

< Rest assured. This treasure vault can't hide anything from me. >

The smile on William's lips widened. He had already used his appraisal skill on some of the items inside the vault and he liked what he saw.

Almost every item that he checked was either a Unique, or a Legendary Ranked item, which made William feel giddy inside.

Stormcaller and Soleil were both Mythical Ranked Weapons that belonged to Gods. If he could get another mythical weapon in his arsenal then his fighting prowess would once again rise to another level.

(A/N: Weapon ranks in ascending order Rare, Unique, Legendary, Mythical, Divine.)

William strolled through the Treasure Vault, without touching anything. He didn't want to make the mistake of touching an item, and accidentally binding it to him permanently. If that happened, he would probably weep tears of blood due to his stupidity.

For now, he just allowed the system to create an inventory, so that he could take a peek later.

—--

High above the Tower of Babylon, an old man with a long white beard tossed a black box into the void. The box traveled through time and space until it materialized inside the Vault of the Vanquished Warlord.

The black box glowed faintly in a purplish hue before returning to its dormant state. It lay there waiting for someone to pick it up, and opened it to see its contents.

The old man who threw the box, looked at William from above the Tower of Babylon with a serious expression on his face. There was no guarantee that the Half-Elf would choose the box out of the countless treasures inside the vault.

Whether the box would finally find an owner, would be completely up to Fate.