Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 644 - Looking For Treasures [Part 2]

< Compiling all the treasures in the Vault of the Vanished Warlord has been completed! >

< Check your status page, Will. >

William nodded his head and checked the list that Optimus had prepared for him. The System had properly arranged it to groups such as swords, axes, spears, rings, necklaces, earrings, scrolls, and other groupings that made checking them easier.

Optimus also made sure to arrange them according to their tiers, rarity, and special characteristics, which allowed William to narrow down his search among the countless treasures inside the Treasure Vault.L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

According to Optimus, there were thousands of Unique Artifacts, less than a Hundred Legendary Artifacts, and three Mythical Artifacts.

The first thing that William checked were the Legendary Artifacts. Although Mythical Artifacts were a grade above them, there were still items that had caught his fancy.

After taking his time to read the description of these Legendary items, he then checked the information on the Three Mythical items that were housed inside the Treasure Vault.

—--

< Svalinn >

– Rarity: Mythical

"The Shield which stands before the sun and protects the world from burning."

– This shield is impregnable against any kind of fire based attacks.

– Even if the full strength of a sun were to collide with its surface, the shield wouldn't break and would remain steadfast to protect its wearer, and the area around it from harm.

—-

The corner of William's lips rose up when he saw the description of the shield. Immediately, Lugh's face appeared in his mind. The Half-Elf was tempted to pick the shield for the sole purpose of bashing the Sun God's head with it until the latter lost consciousness.

'A shield is not bad,' William thought. 'I don't really have a shield in my inventory, so this might be a good choice.'

William then shifted his attention to the next Mythical Item on the list and read its information.

—--

< Sharur >

– Rarity: Mythical

"The Smasher of Thousands."

– This mace belonged to the War God Ninurta who governs over Farming, Healing, Hunting, Law, Scribes, and War.

– Its master, Ninurta, no longer exists, and had already turned into a constellation, but his weapon remains to this day.

– There were unfounded rumors that those who have wielded this weapon in the past have died of Heart Attacks.

– According to one eye witness, the last owner of Sharur had uttered a few words before he breathed his last and they were…

"F*cking Mace, don't you know how to shut up?!"

Whether the rumors were true or not, no one alive, or dead, could confirm the authenticity of the rumors.

—--

The corner of William's lips twitched as he read the information about the weapon Sharur. He glanced at the imposing crimson mace with wariness.

'Dafuq is this mace?' William scratched his head. 'Anyone who uses it dies of a Heart Attack? Sounds ominous!'

Although the rumors were unfounded, William thought that it would be best to be on the safe side and checked the other Mythical item on the list. Although the label "Smasher of Thousands" sounded cool, William didn't want to take a gamble with his life.

He planned to have nine wives, wouldn't it be a pity if he died of a heart attack just because he became the owner of a mace?

No thank you!

After glaring at the mace in the distance, William once again looked at the last item on the list and checked if it was better than the Heart Attack inducing weapon that he had just seen.

Since William's attention was focused on his status page, he didn't notice that Sharur's body glowed with an ominous light in the distance, before returning to its normal state.

"The Emblem of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse," William said with awe after seeing the last item on the list.

—--

< Emblem of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse >

– Rarity: Mythical

"Four horsemen of the Apocalypse,

Conquest, War, Famine, and Death.

These four laughed at the folly of humanity,

and watch mankind take its final breath."

– The First Rider feeds desperate places, His white coat brings false hope.

For him peace has two faces, Strife that ends hanging on a bloody rope.

– The Second Rider brings carnage like a mad hound, His red eyes filled with burning desire,

Dire screams fill the air when the trumpets sound, War that ends deep in a sinister mire.

– The Third Rider never felt any reason to mourn, His black soul laughs when others slowly decay. People wish that they were never born, Famine that ends in an uncontrolled dismay.

– The Fourth Rider is poisoned with wrath, His pale skin breaks every heart filled with fear.

Corpses laying on his traveled path, Death that ends in a timeless tear.

– He who seeks to release these Devils upon the world. Do you know what monsters you plan to let loose of your own accord? Someone who's weak-willed must never even try, for the consequences of their actions will make many people die.

—--

(A/N: I was looking for information about the four horsemen? when I came upon this random poem. I thought that it matched the theme perfectly, so I decided to use it. The author of the poem is named Niels. There's no other information I can get aside from the fact that he is 31 years old and lives in the Netherlands. All credit belongs to him.)

William felt goosebumps after reading about the final mythical item on the list. The Emblem of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse was embedded in a medallion that was as big as an adult man's closed fist.

The Half-Elf was very tempted to choose this item, but he was having second thoughts because of how ominous the information was.

"Optimus, what do you think?" William inquired.

< The one who needs to decide is you, Will. I can only give you options, the rest is up to you. >

William scratched his head. He was really tempted to choose the Emblem of the Four Horsemen, but his instincts were telling him that he needed to carefully consider his decision.

For the time being, William walked in the direction where the Medallion was located. He would make his decision after personally seeing the medallion.

The medallion was placed on a pedestal at the right-most corner of the treasure-vault, in order to get there, William must climb the stairs to reach the second floor of the tower. As he walked down the hallway that led to the room of the Medallion, he saw an unassuming black box at the side of the path.

William gave it a passing glance before walking past it. However, his feet immediately came to a halt when he read the information that appeared on his status page.

Just as he was casually passing the box, William had activated his appraisal skill. It had been a subconscious action on his part because the place where he currently explored was a Treasure Vault.

Since the place was surrounded with treasures, his instinct kicked in and appraised the item before he even realized it himself.

William turned his head to glance at the black box at the side of the path in disbelief. The system had told him that it had finished listing all the items inside the Treasure Vault without missing a single item.

Since that was the case, how come it didn't mention anything about the black box, which could be easily overlooked if one wasn't paying attention.

The reason why William halted his steps was due to the unbelievable information that appeared in his status page.

—--

< ??? >

– Rarity: Divine

–???

–???

–???

—--

Although the information about the black box was littered with question marks, there was one piece of information that had completely caught William's attention and that was the rarity of the object.

Rarity: Divine

This was the first Divine Item that William had seen inside the Treasure Vault, and even Optimus was surprised that it had missed such an item when it did his scan earlier.

"Optimus…"

< Tread cautiously, Will. Not all treasures are what they seem, especially in a place like this. >

William nodded his head in understanding. He retraced his steps and sat cross legged in front of the black box. He eyed it suspiciously, while Optimus was running an in depth scan in the background.

Both of them wanted to know just what sort of item was hidden inside the box.

While this was happening, the old man on top of the Tower of Babylon had crossed his arms over his chest.

Fate had started to move her hand.

Now all he needed to do was wait for the final outcome.