Chapter 646 - Enuma Elish

William stood in front of the entrance of the Treasure Vault while holding the black box in his hands.

Earlier, the lid of the box had a crack in it, but after he was expelled from the treasury, all the damages had vanished. It was as if the box hadn't been damaged at all! As someone that likes to scam people, William fully understood what happened.

However, just to be on the safe side, he decided to ask his trusty partner for his opinion.

"Optimus…"

< Congratulations! You got duped my man. >

The corner of William's lips twitched because he couldn't refute Optimus' claims. No matter what angle he used, everything was fishy from the start. The Red Genie's sudden mood change was a clear indicator that something was out of place. But, there was nothing he could do about it now.

'This better be worth it.' William gritted his teeth as he placed the black box on the ground.

Optimus was also on alert and continuously scanned the box in William's hands.

"Ready?"

< Ready. >

William decisively opened the lid of the box and ran away as fast as he could. He then hid behind one of the pillars in the hall and peeked at the opened black box in the distance.

< After a preliminary scan, I didn't sense any kind of fluctuation in the air. >

"Do you think it's empty?"

< The possibility exists. We need to take a better look to confirm our suspicions. >

William sighed internally as he approached the box with great care. He already had Stormcaller in his hands just in case something unexpected would pop out of the box and fight him.

When he was only two meters away from the box, something finally happened.

Several objects flew out of the box and hovered mid-air.

William narrowed his eyes as he observed the floating objects that were radiating divine auras. He had already taken a fighting stance and was prepared for anything, but the flying objects, which looked like clay tablets, weren't doing anything out of the ordinary.

In short, William couldn't feel any malice or hostility coming from the clay tablets that were starting to pile themselves on top of each other.

When the Seven Tablets finally became one, it flew towards William very slowly. It stopped a meter away from William as if telling him that it meant him no harm. The Half-Elf and the System had once again activated their Appraisal Skill, but both came out empty handed.

After a standoff that lasted for five minutes, William finally lowered his guard and reached out to touch the clay tablet that was shining with a golden glow.

As soon as his hand made contact with the clay tablet, several notification sounds were heard inside his head. Inside his status page, several rows of text appeared which held vital information about the item in his hand.

—-

< Enuma Elish >

"The Seven Tablets of Creation"

– Rarity: Mythical Artifact

– In the very distant past, there was a world created by the Gods. Because of a conflict of interest, the Creator God of that world decided to kill the Younger Gods, so that he could continue his work to make the world prosper.

Unfortunately, his significant other felt that this action was too extreme and warned the Younger Gods of the danger that would befall them. One of the Younger Gods, devised a plan to put the Creator God to sleep and kill him.

A plan which succeeded.

The Goddess that warned the Younger Gods didn't expect that the little ones would be too unforgiving and kill her mate. Angered by her husband's death, the Goddess decided to have her revenge and warred against the Gods that had killed her husband.

The Younger Gods fought a losing battle until a champion emerged from their group. His name was Marduk, and was also the person that killed the Great Goddess Tiamat, and ushered in an era for mankind.

Unfortunately, due to mankind's folly, the world was destroyed and only the strong will of the Gods remained, which was stored inside Enuma Elish, the Seven Tablets of Creation.

– Anyone who wields this Divine Artifact may summon one of the Wills of the Gods that resided within it.

– Each Tablet contains the Will of a God, and all of them have different powers and specialties.

– Although the power that they will wield wouldn't match the God's strength when they were at their peak, they are still the Wills of Gods, and the forces they can muster are still above the capabilities of Mortal Men.

– The Owner of Enuma Elish may summon any of the Avatar of the Gods as long as the requirements are met.

< Name of the Wills of the Gods inside Enuma Elish >

– Tiamat

– Marduk

– Enlil

– Enzu

– Gula

– Ereshkigal

– Ishtar

< Ding! >

< Congratulations! You have acquired the Unique Prestige Class Familiamancer! >

(A/N: Read this as Familia Manzer.)

—--

< Familiamancer >

(Locked)

"Please, Dear God, LUBRICATE THE BEAR."

– Familiamancer is a class that relies heavily on their familiars. Naturally, the stronger their familiars become, the stronger they become. The only downside of this specific class is that they heavily rely on their familiars.

– This Job Class is currently locked because you will need the Progenitor to assist you in summoning your familiars.

– More information about the Job Class will be shown after the Job Class has been properly unlocked.

—--Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

William took a deep breath unconsciously after reading the information that appeared on his status page.

He didn't expect that the item he got from the Treasure Vault was such an amazing artifact. He re-read the information three times to ensure that he wasn't just seeing things. Aside from being able to summon the Avatar of Gods, he also received a Unique Prestige Class.

The only downside was that the Prestige Class was currently locked, because he needed the help of its Progenitor before he could use it.

Even so, William was very happy because the item he got was simply that good. According to the System, Enuma Elish was similar to the special guardians that the characters could summon in RPG games where they unleash a powerful attack that could defeat even boss monsters.

'Damn, this reminds me of Final Funtazee,' William thought. 'Those summons were just so cool."

"Optimus, can you tell me who among the Gods can we summon in our current state?" William asked.

< According to my calculations, you will be able to summon different Gods depending on what Job Class you are currently equipped with. For example, in your default form, Quick Shot Shepherd, the only God you can summon is Enzu, the God of Wisdom.

If you add the subclass Life Wizard, you will be able to summon Gula, the God of Healing. If you equipped the Vampiric Necromancer, you will be able to summon Ereshkigal, and so on, and so forth.

Right now, the Einherjar Job Class is equipped so you are able to summon Enzu, Ishtar, and Enlil. As for Tiamat and Marduk, I believe that you will be able to summon them once you finally unlock the True Power of the Jack of All Trades. >

William nodded his head in understanding. He was also quite amused that the God he could summon was dependent on the Job Class he had equipped.

The tablet turned into particles of light and flew towards the gem on William's chest. It seemed that it couldn't be placed inside a storage ring, and could only be stored inside a person's body.

The color of the Half-Elf's hair had once again returned to its normal color after he had switched out his Einherjar Job Class. If possible, he didn't want to use the Job Class often because whenever he used its full potential, the memories of his past were burned away.

Although his first encounter with Belle may seem insignificant, it was still the moment he fell in love with her at first sight. The sad part was that the emotions that were connected to those lost memories were erased as well.

Fortunately, William's feelings for Belle were quite strong, even though the first memory disappeared, the others were strong enough to fill in that gap that had been created when he had lost the memory.

More than anything else, William dreaded the thought of completely forgetting about Belle.. This was why, if possible, he didn't want to use his Einherjar Job Class unless it was absolutely necessary.