Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 650 - Master, Please, Enjoy My Blood To Your Heart’s Content

"Close your eyes."

"Un."

William properly rinsed the bubbly shampoo off Chiffon's hair with great care. Ever since they had been married the two of them always took a bath together.

After making sure that her hair was properly rinsed, he carried Chiffon to the bathtub that was already filled with moderately warm water and gently placed her inside it. Naturally, William also joined his wife in soaking in the tub.

Chiffon leaned her back on William's chest, while the latter hugged her from behind. The two spent a few minutes in quiet intimacy before the Half-Elf broke the silence.

"Sharur bit off more than it could chew earlier." William chuckled when he remembered the scene of the mace getting rolled over by Kasogonaga during their duel.

"Sharur is good, he is just lonely." Chiffon was quick to defend the chatty mace who always kept her company whenever William was busy dealing with the affairs of the other floors that had been placed under his name.

"Are you sure he's just lonely?"

"Un. Sharur is a good boy. He is very kind to me."

William chuckled for the second time after he heard that Chiffon called Sharur a good boy. If anyone were to hear that a little girl called the Mythical Mace a good boy, all of them would laugh till their jaws got dislocated.

Chiffon turned around and faced William with a pout.

"Stop laughing," Chiffon said. "Don't bully, Sharur."

William bit his lip to stop himself from laughing, and nodded his head. Chiffon had become overprotective of Gullinbursti and Sharur after she had taken them out of the Vault of the Vanished Warlord.

Originally, Sharur was there to protect the pink-haired girl from getting bullied, but if someone bullied the mace, the one whose wrath they would face was Chiffon's. Frankly, William didn't know what was worse.

Getting smashed in the head by a mace, or getting eaten alive by Chiffon.

"Don't pout." William moved closer and kissed Chiffon's lips. "You're going to be ugly if you pout."

Chiffon kissed William back before touching his left arm. She ignored his teasing and focused on his arm, which was getting paler with each passing day. She knew why it was happening, but the Half-Elf didn't seem too perturbed with his current situation.

Ever since they had entered the 51st Floor, William hadn't had any blood to drink, which in turn made his left hand and arm appear paler, compared to the rest of his body.

Seeing her gaze, William knew that he couldn't hide anything from Chiffon.

"I've been so busy as of late, I've forgotten to drink blood," William confessed. It was true that he had been really busy since he was talking to the Guardians and re-organizing the trials in his respective territories. "I will call for Charmaine later. So, you can stop worrying about me."

Chiffon had offered William her blood, but the Half-Elf firmly rejected it. When Chiffon asked why he didn't want to drink her blood, William said that he couldn't bear the thought of sinking his fangs into her body.

Also, William's bloodthirst couldn't be quenched by Chiffon alone. He would need Charmaine, and a few of the other Elves inside the Thousand Beast Domain to quell the hunger he was feeling at the moment.

Chiffon knew that even if she forced herself on William, the latter wouldn't drink her blood. The Half-Elf could be stubborn when it came to things like this. In the end, she did one of the things that she could do.

She kissed William's lips over and over again.

Due to his wife's relentless assault, William found it very hard to control himself from making love to her then and there. Fortunately, his reasoning had won. With his current state, he couldn't possibly make love to Chiffon. There was a chance that he would lose control and drink her blood recklessly.

After a few minutes of kissing, the two came out of the bath and dressed properly. William left the room he had used when he was still an Einherjar using all the willpower he could muster.

He walked unimpeded and entered the room of one of the officers in Valhalla that had a good relationship with him in the past. There he summoned the thirteen beautiful Elves that were housed inside his Thousand Beast Domain.

With a single glance, all the Elves knew what William needed. Charmaine took the lead and loosened her clothes until they fell on the floor under her feet. She then moved towards William and wrapped her arms around his head.

"Master, please enjoy my blood to your heart's content," Charmaine whispered. Her voice was filled with expectations because it had been a while since William had feasted on her blood.

A low growl of acknowledgement escaped William's lips as he sank his fangs into Charmaine's tender…

Soon, the other Elves joined William and Charmaine on the bed. They pressed their bodies against the Half-Elf, who was now their current Master.

William became drunk with the sweet taste of Charmaine's blood in his lips, and the intoxicating heartbeats that surrounded him. Soon, he would feast on them too, and end the bloodthirst that was starting to take control of his being.

—--

A few hours later, William woke up on the bed surrounded by the beautifully naked bodies of the Elves. He couldn't remember much of what happened, but after seeing the satisfied smiles on the faces of the girls around him, William knew that he hadn't gone overboard while quenching his thirst.

The Half-Elf used his healing magic to cure the minor bruises that had appeared on their amorous bodies. As a healthy young man, it was impossible not to have a reaction when he was surrounded by so many naked beauties.

Because of this, he hurried healing them all before leaving the room as fast as he could. He went straight to his bedroom, where Chiffon was waiting for him.

To his surprise, the pink-haired girl was still awake because she was waiting for William to return.

"Chiffon, I…"

"It's fine, Big Brother. It is now my turn to take care of you."

The pink haired girl held William's hand and dragged him to their bed. True to her word, she took care of her husband's needs until both of them nestled in each other's arms, too exhausted to do anything else but sleep.

—--

"We've finally arrived! Let's go to the inn first, I'm starving!"

"Well, that certainly took longer than expected. The tower's distance is misleading as always."

"The two of you really go at your own pace," the one with the mellow voice said while shaking her head. "Fine, we will rest for now and enter the Tower when morning comes. I want to, at the very least, make myself presentable for when I meet him."

"Right! I will punch him as soon as I see him and gauge his strength!" the one with the lively and energetic voice said happily.Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"How many times should I tell you that doing that will leave a bad first impression? We're not here to pick a fight," the one with the calm voice said in a helpless tone. "We came here to teach him how to wield his newfound powers."

"Right! We'll punch him then teach him. I got it!"

"... Just what part did you get, exactly?"

"Enough, you two," the one with the mellow voice said with exhaustion. "Food, a warm bath then sleep. We will just go with the flow tomorrow. Also, Chloee, no punching first."

"Tsk!" The cute little girl named Chloe, stuck out her tongue at her reply. Clearly, she wasn't too fond of not being able to have her way.

"Claire, please, don't let her mess things up," the one with the mellow voice sighed.

"Understood," Claire replied. "I will tie her up if I have to."

The three continued their lively chat until they reached one of the inns in the City of Babylon. They had traveled non-stop for the past few days, just to arrive as soon as they could. Now that they were finally here, another headache would once again land on William's plate.

A headache that he didn't expect would come from the person whom he had tossed to one of the corners of his mind since he was young.

They weren't supposed to meet this soon, but Fate willed it to happen. Just like chess pieces playing their role on the battlefield of the Gods, one couldn't help but think what consequences would happen when both of them finally met.

A meeting that would once again attract unwanted trouble, and powers that William didn't know were laying dormant inside him.