Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 651: What Virtue Do You Represent?

William was abruptly awoken by a fluctuation inside the 51st Floor.

Chiffon was sleeping peacefully in his arms, unaware that someone had intruded into their Domain without his permission. Right now, many people wanted to enter the 51st Floor and have an audience with William.

However, there was a one year period before the Floor of Asgard could be accessed by the general public. Once the floor was open for everyone, they could partake in William's Trial in order to gain the right to ascend to the 52nd Floor.

Since that was the case, someone appearing inside his territory meant only one thing.

'They found a loophole that has allowed them to enter this Domain,' William thought as he lightly shook Chiffon. The little glutton sleepily opened her eyes and looked at William with a confused gaze.

"Wake up," William said softly. "We have uninvited guests. I don't know if they are hostile or not."

The sleep in Chiffon's eyes disappeared as she nodded her head in understanding.

William and Chiffon dressed and headed outside the Castle of Asgard. Ever since their guests had appeared, they hadn't moved from their location. This made William feel that whoever these people were, they didn't come to antagonize him.

Out of nowhere, Gullinbursti and Sharur appeared beside Chiffon.

The golden piglet was riding on top of the mace and squealed cutely to greet his Master. Chiffon lightly patted its head before giving it a warning.

"There are some people inside the Floor of Asgard," Chiffon said. "Sharur, look after Bacon. Big Brother and I will handle this ourselves."

"Understood," Sharur replied. "But, we will be nearby. If anything unexpected happens, I'll come to your aid right away."

Chiffon nodded, and watched as the mace and the golden piglet flew a few hundred meters away from them.

Soon, William and Chiffon arrived at the Bi-Frost Bridge. When the Half-Elf saw who their guests were, a complicated expression appeared on his face.

Chiffon, on the other hand, raised her guard. Her instinct was telling her that the lady in front of her was very strong.

"I didn't expect that I would meet you here," William said as he stopped a hundred meters away from the beautiful Elf who was looking back at him with a smile.

"I, too, didn't expect that we would meet in this manner," the beautiful elf replied. "I apologize for coming unannounced. I came here in a hurry after I heard the news."

William frowned, "News? What news?"

The beautiful Elf smiled because she had expected this answer from William. "The outside world already knows of your accomplishments in the Tower of Babylon. Not only did you clear the 51st Floor, that had remained unconquered for a thousand years, you also gained ownership of a few other floors as well. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

"You may not know of it, but you are now officially a big celebrity in the world of Hestia. I will be more careful when leaving the tower if I were you."

William didn't appear too surprised about this news because the little turtle, Oogwei, gave him a visit and told him that he was now a very popular person. The Half-Elf just didn't know what the little turtle meant by that time, but after his guest's statement, he managed to connect the dots together.

Chiffon, who was just standing beside William earlier, took a step forward and used her small body to stand in front of William. It was as if she was shielding him from the person in front of her, who held a power that was similar to hers.

"Oh! I like this little girl!" Chloee clapped her hands happily. "Looks like she specialized in hand to hand combat, this will be fun!"

"Behave yourself." Claire grabbed hold of her twin's hand. "It is not our place to meddle in this discussion."

William's gaze was focused on the beautiful Elf in front of him. It had only been a while since he had seen the familiar face, and missed her terribly. Unfortunately, although they looked alike, he knew that the Elf that was standing in front of him was not the one he knew and cared for.

"Celeste, what brings you here?" William asked. His heart ached a bit because looking at his Master's twin sister reminded him of the beautiful woman who had taken his first time, and left for the Demonic Continent to find her Master.

Celeste smiled. Her sister, Celine, had informed her that Wiliam already knew about her identity. Since that was the case, there was no need to make a long introduction for herself.

"I came here because you have unknowingly become one of the successors of my profession," Celeste explained. "I came here, as the Progenitor of Familiamancers, to teach you how to activate your powers."

Before William could even reply, Chiffon took a fighting stance as she voiced out a question.

"What Virtue do you represent?" Chiffon asked. "If you don't give me an honest answer, I will not let you get near Will."

Since Chiffon could easily sense the presence of the Seven Deadly Sins, she could also sense their counterparts as well.

"I mean you no harm," Celeste replied. "I'm not very comfortable in revealing my Virtue to anyone."

"Tell me, or I will not allow you to do as you please with my husband."

"Husband? You?"

Celeste shifted her gaze to William and gave him a disapproving look. She already knew that William was her twin sister's first man, but her sister never mentioned that William was already married.

Aside from the mission that was assigned to her, Celeste's motivation to come to the Tower as soon as she could was due to her curiosity about her twin sister's chosen man. She wanted to see the person whom Celine had taken a gamble with, to try to break free from the prophecy that they had been fighting against all their lives.

"You're married?" Celeste asked. "Big Sister didn't tell me anything about this."

"It's complicated," William replied as he placed his hand over Chiffon's shoulder. "But, Chiffon is indeed my wife. We got married here on the 51st Floor."

"Was it part of the reason for how you were able to conquer this floor?"

"Yes."

"Interesting." Celeste eyed the pink-haired girl who had managed to marry her twin sister's Disciple. "I will ask for more details later. You'd better not hide anything. I will report this to my sister. Whatever kind of punishment she will give you later, you better accept it without any resistance."

The corner of William's lips twitched because Celeste was acting like a mother-in-law who had found out that her son-in-law was cheating on her daughter.

While this was happening, the two fairy-like creatures that looked exactly like Celeste were looking at William like he was some sort of scum.

"You still haven't answered my question," Chiffon insisted. "What Virtue do you represent?"

William pulled his feisty wife in his arms and patted her head. "It's fine. She's not hostile to us. You can feel it too, right?"

"Will, you don't understand," Chiffon replied. "Each of the Seven Sins carry a power that can break the laws of the world. Celeste is one of the Seven Virtues, meaning, she also has that kind of power. If you deal with them in a casual manner, they might stab you in the back."

(A/N: Not if Will stabs them in the back first kekeke.)

Seeing that his wife wouldn't take no for an answer, William sighed and nodded his head.

"I'm sorry about this, but can you just tell us what Virtue you represent?" William asked. "I am your sister's Disciple. I swear on my name and hers that I will not tell a soul about it."

Celeste knew that there was no other way to fix the issue because the pink-haired girl was adamant to know what her Divinity was. Left with no choice, she decided to compromise and revealed the Virtue she wielded.

"Allow me to formally introduce myself," Celeste gave a simple curtsy as she eyed William from where she stood.

"Aside from my given name, I also go by the name Castitas." Celeste smiled. "I am the maiden that represents the Virtue of Chastity, Celeste Dy Wisteria. It is my pleasure and honor to meet the son of the Saintess of the World Tree, and the Hero of the Elves, as well as the one and only Disciple of my sister, Celine.

"I have long wanted to meet you, William Von Ainsworth. I pray that our relationship will be a good one… Not only for your sake, but for my sister's as well."