Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

Chapter 652: Unexpected Guests In The Floor Of Asgard

"Chastity?" William arched his eyebrow. "So you are the counterpart of Sidonie."

"If you are referring to the maiden that represents the Sin of Lust then yes, I am her counterpart." Celine eyed William with curiosity. 'Not only my sister, but he also has that little girl as his lover. Not to mention, he's also an acquaintance with the Sin of Lust. Having the three Sins on his side makes him a very likely candidate to be the Prince of Darkness.'

The Silvermoon Continent, as well as some of the factions that were aware of the Prophecy were keeping their eyes on possible candidates that matched the Elven Prophecy. Some of them wanted to control the Prince, while others wanted to eliminate him.

Right now, Celeste was in the faction that wanted to kill the Prince of Darkness, so the Prophecy wouldn't come to pass.

Her sister had used her body to test whether William was indeed the Prince, but the result was negative. Celeste even used her Divinity to sweep her twin's body, in order to look for the prophesied mark of ownership that the Prince would bestow upon his rightful bride.

Since she didn't see any mark on her sister, her suspicion about William being the Prince had decreased, but it didn't disappear completely. If the Half-Elf even showed a small inkling that he was the one in the Prophecy, Celeste wouldn't hesitate to kill him, even if her sister, Celine, would hate her forever.

While William was pondering his next move, Chloee, the blonde little fairy that looked like Celeste raised her little fist and made a demand.

"We came here from far away to teach you, and you're just standing there like a fool, are you a fool?" Chloee asked. "Aren't you at least going to serve us some tea? Some snacks? I like pancakes, do you have pancakes?"

The awkward atmosphere immediately disappeared due to Chloee's energetic demands.

William patted Chiffon's head and asked her to stand down for the time being. Regardless of whether they came here to teach him or not, Celeste was his Master's twin sister, so he had to at least be a good host and show her his hospitality.

"Where are my manners?" William smiled at his three visitors. He then spread out his hands in a welcoming manner and proclaimed the name of his domain. "As the first visitors to my Domain, I welcome you all to Asgard. Please, follow me."

William held Chiffon's hand and walked towards the castle.

Celeste looked at the rainbow bridge that was in front of her with great curiosity before taking a step forward. She had seen many amazing things during her childhood, but this was the first time she had seen this kind of scenery.

The Bifrost bridge was a wonder to behold. Even Chloee and Claire flew towards the ground and patted the bridge out of curiosity.

"These bridges are made from laws of the domain," Claire muttered. She was the scholar, and her twin sister, Chloee was the musclehead of their group. The little familiar was very curious about everything in the world that caught her interest.

"Is this safe to cross?" Chloee inquired. However, she didn't wait for an answer. Using her little fist, she punched the bridge to test whether it was strong or not. "Eyah!"

Immediately, the place where she punched was destroyed and cracks spread at a rapid pace.

Celeste, who was only a meter away from the destroyed portion of the Bi-Frost bridge, pretended that nothing happened, and continued to walk forward. However, if one were to look closely, the pace of her walk had drastically increased, overtaking the cracks that were forming behind her.

"What kind of low-budgeted construction is this?!" Chloee raised her little fist in anger. "Whoever made this bridge skimped on the materials!"

Claire flew forward and caught up with Celeste. Right now, both her and Celeste pretended that they didn't know the little troublemaker that was slapping the rainbow bridge, due to her irritation.

The corner of William's lips twitched when he saw the destruction that happened behind him. The Bifrost wasn't something that could be destroyed by a single punch. Even Loki had to work in sabotaging the bridge for years before he succeeded in splitting it in two.

'That Chloee is dangerous,' William thought. 'Perhaps she has a skill similar to the Rule Breaker that I use. A skill that ignores the laws of the world and nullifies it in her presence.'

The portion that Chloee had hit earlier was starting to crumble, and the little familiar was still shouting crap like "Cheap materials or Dumb Domain builder!".

William sighed and waved his hand. The cracks that were spreading in the bridge stopped their advance and started fixing themselves. Even the destroyed portion of the bridge was once again repaired, making the little familiar, Chloee laugh before once again hitting it with her little fist.

It was as if she was playing a fun game. She wanted to know which would be faster. The bridge's recovery rate or the destruction that she was dealing it with.

William finally reached the limit of his patience and gave Celeste a devilish smile.

"Do you mind?" William asked.

Celeste coughed lightly and called out to her familiar who had gotten carried away in destroying the Bifrost bridge like a little child that had found a fun toy to play with.

Chloee reluctantly stopped her attacks as she obediently flew towards Celeste's direction. However a few seconds later, a mischievous smile appeared on her face. Without warning, she punched the Bifrost bridge once again and continued her assault while laughing like a little witch, all the way towards Celeste.

Seeing that the bridge was starting to collapse, William, Chiffon, and Celeste ran as fast as they could so that the mad, little, familiar behind them would not accidentally kill them all due to her crazy stunts.

Fortunately, the group managed to cross the bridge before it collapsed entirely.

Chloee's mad laughter could be heard not far away, which made Celeste and Claire feel apologetic.

"Please, control your pet," William said with a frown. "This Domain is just newly built, make sure she doesn't raze it to the ground."

Celeste lightly cleared her throat before correcting William. "She's not my pet. She is my Familiar. Soon, you will have a familiar of your own, because I will mentor you in the way of the Familiamancer."

Claire flew in front of William and gave him an apologetic bow. "I will look after her and make sure she behaves for the duration of our stay. I apologize for her uncouth actions."

William stared at the familiar with short, green hair with curls in the end, and gray eyes, that was filled with wisdom. She looked exactly like a little Celeste. Both Chloee and Claire looked really cute, but their personalities were miles apart.

The Half-Elf didn't mind having the polite Claire inside his Domain, but the trigger happy Chloee concerned him very much.

"Very well, I'll trust that you can handle your twin," William replied. "Let's enter the castle."

"Thank you," Claire nodded and flew towards Celeste's right shoulder.

Chloee had already landed on Celest's left shoulder and had a satisfied look on her face.

Just as they were about to enter the castle, a flying mace appeared carrying a golden piglet on its head.

Chiffon reached out to hold Gullinbusti, and patted Sharur's head before taking the lead to enter the castle. She really disliked that one of the Seven Virtues had disturbed her one month honeymoon with William on the Floor of Asgard.

Even so, Chiffon was a sensible lady. William had already told her that Celeste was not their enemy, so the little glutton decided to not antagonize their guests for the duration of their stay.

Chiffon only hoped that their guests were really guests, and not pests. However, due to Chloee's unexpected rampage, the pink-haired girl's first impression of Celeste and her familiars had dropped to the bottom.

William had an idea about what Chiffon was thinking, but he was also very curious about the Unique Prestige Class, Familiamancer.

He had seen how powerful Chloee was. If his Familiars would be just as powerful as her then he wouldn't mind learning how this Job Class worked.

According to the System, William needed the assistance of the Familiamancer's Progenitor to unlock it. William didn't have to be a genius to know that Celeste was the Progenitor of the Familiamancer Job Class. Since she had just told him that's who she was.

According to the System's calculation, Celeste is the only Familiamancer in the World of Hestia at this point in time. This was not the first time that he had seen a Job Class that required the permission of its Progenitor in order to be unlocked.

His Incubus Job Class had been one of these. It required the user to get the permission of the Goddess of Lust before they could become an incubus or a succubi. This restriction was considered a special case, and not many Job Classes had this requirement.

William was already looking forward to the newfound powers that he would be able to unleash once his new Prestige Class was unlocked.

What he didn't know was that Celeste was also very interested in what kind of familiar William would be able to summon. The powers, shape, size, appearance, and personality of the Familiars were highly dependent on their summoner.

'Maybe he will summon a Dragon,' Celeste thought. 'A phoenix is also a possibility.'

The beautiful Elf followed William with a helpless smile on her face. Not only had William become her sister's one and only Disciple, he also became the first Familiamancer that she would guide under her wing.

Celeste felt that this was too much of a coincidence, but even so, she was glad that the Profession she had acquired finally had its first follower.