Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 653: The Juggernaut Of Hestia Academy Part 1

"Okay, let me get this straight… you are the very first Familiamancer in this world, correct?" William asked the beautiful Elf in front of him, who looked exactly like his Master, Celine.

Celeste nodded her head. "Yes. I came here to teach you how to become one as well."

William, Chiffon, Celeste, and her two familiars were currently in the dining room having breakfast.

William lowered his head and pondered for a bit. "I would like to learn how to become a Familiamancer, but I won't become your Disciple. Is that fine?"

The corner of Celeste's lips curled up into a smile as she eyed William with her beautiful blue eyes. Although she had an inkling why William refused to become her Disciple, she still decided to ask to confirm her hunch.

"Is your reason for declining to become my Disciple related to my sister?" Celeste inquired. Her gaze never left William, as the latter stared back at her.

"Yes," William replied. The Half-Elf could feel a little pain in his chest because Celeste looked exactly like Celine.

If not for the fact that the Elf in front of him had long, light-green hair. and blue eyes, he would have definitely pulled her into his arms and kissed her passionately. Looking at Celeste made William remember his Master, whom he had already marked as his lover.

"You're too greedy," Celeste stated before adding honey to the pancake on her plate. "You wanted to become a Familiamancer, and yet you don't want to become my Disciple. Do you understand how unreasonable this demand is?"

Right beside Celeste, the two familiars were also busy eating pancakes. Not far from them, several Elves--wearing maid clothing--stood straight, while taking turns to replenish the food and drinks on the dining table.

Charmaine stood beside William and personally poured fruit juice into his glass. She was the Half-Elf's personal maid, and always performed her duty to the best of her abilities.

Surprisingly, Celeste seemed indifferent to this setup. Although she, herself, was an Elf, she didn't mind seeing the Elves do these chores akin to servants.

"Can you just make me a Familiamancer and leave me be? I'll just study the profession on my own."

"I'm starting to regret my decision to travel to the Tower as fast as I could." Celeste sighed. "If I only knew that you have this kind of attitude, I wouldn't have bothered coming here."

Celeste could tell that William didn't like her. This was the first time that someone had treated her this way. In the Silvermoon Continent, everyone would look at her with admiration. Even the Royal Family would greet her whenever she visited the palace.

In Hestia Academy, all the boys would look at her with infatuation, and the girls with adoration. Even the Kings and Emperors in the Central Continent would give her invitations and marriage proposals due to her beauty and identity.

However, on the Floor of Asgard, a Half-Elf was treating her like a suspicious salesman who was peddling his wares on their front door.

This feeling was very refreshing to her!

Someone actually dared to turn her away?

William didn't know that his constant rejection of Celeste only fanned her determination to make him the second Familiamancer in the world of Hestia.

'Familiamancers must have this kind of attitude,' Celeste thought. 'Unaffected by beauty, fame, and fortune. I guess my sister was right in choosing this person.'

If James was there and heard Celeste's thoughts, he would probably laugh out loud due to how wrong her assumption was.

William was unaffected by beauty?

If he was unaffected by beauty then he wouldn't have other thoughts of his beautiful Master when they spent their time together when he was young.

Unaffected by fame?

Hah! What a joke! Although William might act lowkey at times, and have a modest temperament when being praised, deep inside he was hinting for people to praise him, especially his good looks.

As for not being affected by fortune?

This was the biggest joke in the world. If William had his way, he would loot every bandit group, the treasury of every corrupt noble, and even sneak to and secretly mine the hidden resources in any Empire he visited.

Among James' bloodline, William shared his greedy character when it comes to hoarding fortune! As long as it had value, the Half-Elf would definitely snatch it without fail!

"Then how about this, let Chloee teach you how to become a Familiamancer," Claire, who had just finished eating her pancake proposed. "Regardless of what you think, you still need someone to teach you how to properly wield your newfound powers. We are Celeste's Familiar, so we know a thing or two about Familiars. What do you say?"

William glanced at the small familiar that looked like a young version of Celeste. He had a good impression of Claire because the latter had a good head on her shoulders. She also had this very calming personality that was very hard to reject.

The Half-Elf would have readily agreed to this proposal if Claire had volunteered herself to be the one teaching William the way of being a Familiamancer. However, the little familiar had delegated her all-brawn-and-no-brains twin sister, Chloee, to teach William.

He glanced at the little fairy who was busy eating her pancake. Chloee's cheeks were bulging like a hamster, that had stuffed it's cheek pouches full, from overeating, and seemed completely oblivious of the discussion.

After remembering what the maniacal Familiar did to the Bifrost Bridge, William was very apprehensive in agreeing to Claire's proposal.

"How about you teach me instead?" William inquired. "I think you would be a better teacher."

Claire smiled but firmly shook her head.

"That may be true, but I feel like both of us are going to get along really well," Claire replied. "For me, this is not a good thing. I don't want to feel attachment to people. It makes me feel… weak."

The little Familiar gazed at William with her calm, steady, gray-eyes that seemed to know all the secrets of the world. William had a feeling that only very strong emotions could make ripples in those gray-depths that seemed to hold the entire world at an arm's length.

William could feel that Claire was being sincere with him. The Familiar didn't want to form any attachment, so she decided to push the responsibility to her twin sister, who had the ability to demolish the Castle of Asgard if she were to use 70% of her true power.

Chiffon quietly fed the golden piglet, Bacon, a piece of pancake. The piglet was currently on top of the table and enjoying his Master's affection. Sharur, on the other hand, had transformed into an armguard and equipped itself into Chiffon's left arm.

Just like Svalinn, the Mythical Mace chose to stay with Chiffon and ensure that she was protected from harm.

Chiffon was still a bit angry because her quality time with William had come to a premature end, but she also respected her lover's will to become stronger. Since she was his wife, Chiffon decided to support William in whatever endeavor he chose.

After hearing Claire's proposal, she, too, glanced at the little Familiar who had just asked for another serving of pancakes from one of the Elven Maids.

Only after finishing her ninth pancake did Chloee feel that something was amiss.

She glanced at everyone present at the table and realized that all of them were looking at her.

Chloee frowned, but this only lasted for a brief moment. After that brief moment of hesitation, Celeste's Familiar once again asked for another serving of pancake, which made everyone's lips twitch at the same time.

After breakfast, William decided to compromise and accept Claire's suggestion.

Celeste, on the other hand, felt amused by this turn of events. The beautiful Elf wondered if Chloee was up to the task of teaching someone on how to become a Familiamancer.

Regardless of how it turned out, this was something that Celeste would like to see with her own eyes.

William led the group to the training field. There was something that he had to test, so he decided to see just how strong a familiar was.

Chloee's performance in the Bifrost Bridge had left a lasting impression on him. He wanted to fully understand how a small familiar like her could deal that much damage, even with her small body.

"When my Master, Celine, taught me Dark Magic, the two of us would often spar together," William said as he turned around to look at Chloee. "If you want to become my Master, you need to prove yourself first. Let's fight. Show me how strong a Familiar is."

Chloee's eyes widened in shock. She didn't expect that William would challenge her to a fight.

Celeste and Claire who were standing at the side sneered in their hearts. Among the three of them, Chloee was the one who advocated violence. The thing that she liked the most was to smash and beat up things that blocked her way.

After the initial shock ended, Chloee's eyes sparkled in delight. She then turned her head to look at her twin, Claire, with a big smile on her face.

"Hah! I told you that fighting is the best way to build relationships, but you didn't want to believe me," Chloee had a smug expression on her face, which made Claire sigh internally.

"Hold your punches, okay? We don't want you to accidentally kill him," Claire replied.

"Don't worry, I will do it in mode- modera…" Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Moderation."

"Yes! I will do it with Modedation!" Chloee shifted her gaze to William and the smile on her face widened.

Celeste and Claire lit a candle for William in their hearts… They already knew that the word Moderation was not in Chloee's dictionary. She couldn't even spell the words right even if her life depended on it!