Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 654: The Juggernaut Of Hestia Academy Part 2

William summoned his wooden staff and took a fighting stance.

Chloee, on the other hand, just crossed her arms over her chest. She had a confident smile plastered on her face. For a brief moment, William felt that no matter what he threw at her, the little Familiar in front of him would be able to withstand it without fail.

"Are you ready?" William asked.

Chloee didn't answer. Instead, she raised her right index finger and made the "come and get me" gesture at William.

William took a step forward and charged at her directly. Since he wanted to test Chloee's abilities, he should be the one to initiate the attack.

With a powerful thrust, William's staff came flying towards the small familiar in a straight line.

Chloee hovered in the air with her wings flapping behind her back. She had no intention of dodging William's attack. In fact, she, too, wanted to know what the Half-Elf was capable of doing.

When the tip of the staff was only a few inches away from Chloee's body, the Familiar casually raised her hand and punched it!

Suddenly, an unexpected thing happened.

The other end of the staff slammed on William's chest, sending him flying several meters in the air. Chiffon, who was holding Bacon in her arms, gasped in shock after seeing the unbelievable scene.

Celeste, and Claire, didn't have any changes in their expression. It was as if they had already expected this to happen.

William immediately propped himself on the ground and massaged his right chest that was currently making breathing difficult for him.

Everything happened so fast, and he didn't have the opportunity to react to Chloee's counterattack. This was the first time that his attack had been turned against him in this manner, and he found it unbelievable.

'Optimus, what do you think?' William inquired. 'Did you gauge how strong she is?'

[ No. However, we can see her stats if you pay 100,000 God Points ]

'Do it.'

William's God Points had dwindled to a million after purchasing the legendary weapons for his battle with Belial. Fortunately, there was a hidden quest that activated after he acquired the 51st Floor, which gained him Five Million God Points as a reward.

Although 100,000 God Points to view the stats of his enemy was not a small sum, he still decided to do it.

Why?

Because he wanted to know just how strong his opponent was

---

[ Spending 100,000 God Points to use Advance Appraisal Skill. ]

Remaining God Points: 6,240,042

---

The corner of William's lips twitched after he saw the stats of the little familiar in front of him. He couldn't believe that Chloee's stats were actually stronger than his!

--

Name: Chloee

Race: Familiar

Health Points: 30,000 / 30,000

Mana: 100 / 100

[ Strength: 999 (+999 if Juggernaut Activates) ]

[ Agility: 100 ]

[ Vitality: 100 ]

[ Intelligence: 5 ]

[ Dexterity: 100 ]

Skills:

Combat Mastery [EX]

Unarmed Mastery [EX]

Progenitor Instinct [EX}

Weapon Mastery [EX]

Overwhelming Strike [EX] (Can be used 3x a day)

Duel-EX

Stunning Strike

World Ending Strike

Titles:

Might Over Magic

Juggernaut

-- Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

[ Progenitor Instinct [EX] ]

- The 6th sense allows your body to move subconsciously to prevent any form of damage.

- This skill has a 30% chance of activation.

[ Might Over Magic ]

- Has the power to nullify any kind of law or ability using brute strength.

- Increase resistance against Magic Attacks by 50%

- The side effect of using this ability is being unable to stop cursing the one responsible for activating this ability.

[ Juggernaut ]

- Increases Strength by 100% if Health Points is equal or below 70%

- Strength Stat cannot be lowered by spells or other abilities.

--

[ World Ending Strike ]

- The damage of this attack is equivalent to the strength stat multiplied by two.

- Your world will end if you get hit by this, along with the chances of you leaving any descendants behind.

- Deals 1000% additional damage if it hits anything below the belt.

--

'What kind of bullsh*t character sheet is this?!' William cursed internally. 'Progenitor Instinct? World Ending Strike? Dafuk is this sh*t?!'

The Half-Elf couldn't believe that such a cheat character existed! Even he, who had a System, didn't have stats that surpassed 500 points. Also, that was not the end of it. If Chloee suffered damage and her HP fell below 70% her already cheat-like strength doubled!

The second part that made William's liver ache was Chloee's skills. All of them were designed for close combat, and she even had the skills Overwhelming Strike and Duel-Ex! These skills were William's Trump Cards and he was well aware how powerful this combination was.

--

[ Overwhelming Strike [EX]]

-- Thrice a day you can deliver one full-powered unarmed strike that contains all of your strength.

-- Damage dealt is equivalent to your Strength Stat multiplied by 20.

-- Knockback Effect

--

Overwhelming Strike was a monk skill that multiplied the strength stat by 20. William had used it to defeat several opponents because this skill was something that they wouldn't expect.

Chloee's strength stat without the Juggernaut Ability was already 999. If she were to use this skill, her strength stats would be multiplied by twenty, and would jump to 19,980.

William had no doubt in his mind that if Chloee were to punch Drauum, the Ancient Golem of the Silvermoon Continent, the bastard would be blown to bits instantly!

The Half-Elf could only use this skill once a day, but Chloee could use it three times a day! With such a powerful skill at her arsenal, very few individuals under the realm of Demigod would be her match.

Another skill that was worth noting was Duel-Ex. This skill would force her opponent to exchange one blow against her.

William could already feel his liver itching for the second time at the thought of these skills being used on him.

Even Optimus was speechless after it saw Chloee's stats. The System had no doubt in its mind that the only way that William could win against the small Familiar was using the Prestige Class, Einherjar.

While William was sweating buckets internally, the little Familiar raised her chin arrogantly and cursed him out loud.

"Is that your best?" Chloee asked in disdain. The side-effect of her Law Breaker skill had activated. "We just clashed once and you're already in a daze. The Auntie in the canteen of Hestia Academy packs a stronger punch than you. What's wrong? Did you get scared that you can't even fight back? As expected of a Half-Elf, your face looks like a p*ssy!"

William almost spat blood then and there. He had used those very same curses at his enemies in the past, and they went livid upon hearing it. Now that the same curses were being used against him, he felt like his intestines were hurting.

The Little Familiar was still not satisfied and continued to ridicule William in a haughty manner.

"I am only using 30% of my full power!" Chloee declared in arrogance. "Hmp! If you can make me use 70% of my powers, I will recognize you as my Disciple! Now fight me!"

Chiffon who was watching on the side was half worried, and half amused with her husband's current state. She was worried because it seemed that William's opponent was stronger than him, and half amused because this was the first time that she saw William have a constipated expression on his face.

Celeste and Claire were snickering in their hearts because this was a very common scene in Hestia Academy.

Chloee had been labeled as the Juggernaut of Hestia Academy because she was the Academy's hoodlum. Even the Headmaster was powerless against her. The only way to pacify her was to shower her with praises, and give her rewards from time to time.

In time, the students, professors, and staff of the academy had learned how to deal with the notorious Familiar that flew around the academy. This was the first time that William fought Chloee, so Celeste and Claire were sure that the Half-Elf would find her to be a very hard opponent to defeat.

William closed his eyes and calmed his breathing. He knew that there were many powerful beings in Hestia, but he didn't expect that he would find someone as strong as Chloee. Of course, the little Familiar was not an omnipotent existence.

Granted, she was indeed strong. However, if she were thrown to fight against Belial's Horde of Monsters, Chloee would definitely be defeated because her forte lay on one-on-one battles.

Even if she was capable of beating a dozen opponents simultaneously, she was not like William who could fight against tens of thousands of enemies at the same time. If you look at this angle then Chloee was not that powerful.

But, the fact still remained that William wasn't fighting an army. He was fighting a single foe, and her power required him to take the battle seriously.

It was at that moment when the atmosphere around William changed. His red hair grew and turned silver.

Chloee also felt the changes in William's current state. However, instead of feeling anxious, a devilish smile appeared on her face.

Stormcaller and Soleil appeared beside William. The two sentient weapons floated in the air as their bodies were covered in lightning and fire.

--

Name: William Von Ainsworth

Race: Half-Elf

Health Points: 365,100 / 365,100

Mana: 396,600 / 396,600

Job Class: Quick Shot Shepherd (Level 30)

Sub Class: Einherjar (Max Level)

[ Strength: 258 (+972) ]

[ Agility: 275 (+997) ]

[ Vitality: 254 (+966) ]

[ Intelligence: 295 (+1,027)]

[ Dexterity: 315 (+1,058) ]

--

William understood that he would be facing strong opponents in the future. If he didn't even have the courage to face Chloee then what was the purpose of him wanting to be stronger?

Although his opponent dominated one-on-one battles, William didn't believe that he would be defeated easily if he went all out.

"Good," Chloee said with a smile. "That's more like it. Since you decided to fight me seriously, I will use 60% of my power."

Chloee took a fighting stance and her body glowed golden.

"Familia Oversoul!" Chloee declared.

Suddenly a powerful shockwave erupted in the surroundings. The little Familiar's body grew until her height was the same as Chiffon's.

William stared at the young teenage version of Celeste, whose presence had changed drastically.

Since William had already used the Appraisal Skill on Chloee once, he could use this skill again to check her stats without paying any additional God Points. He immediately used his Appraisal Skill and checked the information of his opponent that was using 60% of her full power.

--

Name: Chloee

Race: Familiar

Health Points: 150,000 / 150,000

Mana: 2500 / 2500

[ Strength: 5,000 ( +5,000 if Juggernaut Activates) ]

[ Agility: 500 ]

[ Vitality: 500 ]

[ Intelligence: 50 ]

[ Dexterity: 500 ]

--

William didn't expect that Chloee had a second form. Also, her stats had drastically increased as well.

Although William's overall stats were stronger, Chloee's strength stat was nothing to sneeze at. If he were to get hit by her punch, he would definitely feel a world of pain.

Chloee's beautiful face beamed with delight as she took a fighting stance. It had been a while since she had taken this form, and she was more than happy to go on a rampage after being cooped up in Hestia Academy for too long.

Both of them were now in the initial stages of the Saint Rank. Celeste, Claire, and Chiffon had retreated to a safe distance to allow the two fighters to go all out. They knew that they would only get in the way of the battle if they stayed.

William looked at his opponent with a serious expression on his face. This was no longer a spar.

This was a battle that would let the Half-Elf understand his limitations, while he was using the strongest Job Class in his arsenal.

The Half-Elf didn't expect that he would be using his Prestige Class so soon, and he had to admit that his odds of winning against Chloee was fifty-fifty.

"Are you ready?" Chloee asked. This time, she was the one to take the initiative to ask William if he was ready. This was her way of showing respect to her opponent that had decided to go all out against her.

"Yes," William replied. "I am ready."

William understood that Chloee's threat was very real.

If the Familiar really intended to use Duel-Ex and Overwhelming Strike against him, he would have to put his life on the line, in order to survive the punch that was strong enough to obliterate the Castle of Asgard with a single blow.