Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 655: Charge, My Knights Of The Round Table! Part 1

William and Chloee were about to clash, when the System reminded William that it wouldn't be safe to fight near the castle using his full power.

"Wait." The Half-Elf immediately raised a hand to stop Chloee from charging at him. "Let's change location. I don't want the castle to be destroyed."

Chloee smirked and nodded her head. She then followed William as the latter flew towards the plains of Asgard, where the great battle of Ragnarok took place.

Seeing that both fighters were changing location, Celeste and Claire followed suit using a flight spell.

Chiffon, on the other hand, summoned B1 and B2. The two Dumb Birds merged with Chiffon and became her wings. She was still wary of Celeste and her familiars, so she didn't want them to be alone with William. If any of them made any suspicious moves on her husband, she would activate her Divinity and devour them without mercy.

When the pink-haired girl arrived at the plains of Asgard, the battle had already begun.

Lightning and flames streaked across the battlefield as William fought Chloee in ranged combat. Although William was also a melee fighter, his opponent's strength stat was a powerful deterrent that prevented him from engaging in close combat.

Chloee may not be as fast as William, but his attacks did very little damage to her because of her powerful skill set.

After firing several long range skills, William decided that he should take precautions just in case the battle went out of hand.

'Optimus, please, disable the Passive Skill, One Who Breaks The Rules,' William ordered.

[ Understood. ]

Although William was willing to test his limits, he didn't want to lose memories over this battle. The battle against Belial had hurt him deeply, because several important memories were lost, with no chances of returning ever again.

Although they were memories of the Past, William still treasured them in his heart.

"Cheapshot!" Chloee shouted. "If you dare, let me hit you once!"

William ignored the Familiar's taunts and maneuvered around the battlefield. He used his superior speed to stay out of Chloee's range, and just peppered her with Stormcaller's and Soleil's elemental attacks.

""Quick Shot War Arts… First Form." William aimed Stormcaller at the Familiar who was like a sitting duck waiting to get bullied from afar. "Destroy everything in your path!"

"Railgun!"

This was one of William's strongest, and fastest attacks, that was strong enough to pierce through a mountain with ease. He wanted to test how Chloee would be able to handle an attack that surpassed the speed of sound.

When William unleashed his skill, Chloee's leg also rose up. Soon a deafening sound erupted in the air as William's Railgun was completely neutralized by the Familiar's kick.

"Nice." Chloee's eyes narrowed. "That is one dangerous ability you have there."

William observed the Familiar's foot, but not even a scratch could be seen on its surface. Clearly, his attack didn't deal any damage to his opponent which made him take the battle extra seriously.

"Bloom in the battlefield!" William roared. "Fleur Du Soleil!"

Soleil that was floating high above the clouds to absorb the power of the sun descended towards Chloee with fury. Its body was covered in flames and streaked towards its target like a meteorite.

"Fist of the South Star!" Chloee shouted as she met the flaming spear head on and punched it.

Another powerful explosion took place in the air, sending William skidding a few meters from where he hovered. He stared at the beautiful flaming flower in the sky, and knew that Soleil hit its target perfectly.

However, at the center of the flaming flower, a young lady with short blonde hair with curls at the end, stared back at him with a devilish grin. Her beautiful blue eyes stared at William like a hawk targeting its prey, and it made the Half-Elf's evaluation of her rise another level.

[ The Power of a Progenitor cannot be underestimated. Since they are the first of their kind, it also means that their powers are far above the norm. Be careful, Will. ]

William nodded his head. He had read in some novels that Vampire Progenitors were stronger than other vampires because they were the first generation. As the first generation of Familiars, Chloee's and Claire's powers far exceeded the norm, and far exceeded William's expectations.

'Try to find her weak point,' William ordered.

[ Understood ]

Unlike his Railgun attack, Soleil managed to cause a bit of damage to Chloee. However, they were very insignificant. Her clothes were burned in some places, but that was it. William was paying close attention to her stats and noticed that her Juggernaut Skill still hadn't activated.

This meant that her health was still good, and Soleil's destructive attack was only akin to a small scratch.

"Tis but a scratch," Chloee said as she clenched her fist. "Since you don't plan to come to me, I'll make you come to me by force."

The girl, who was as tall as Chiffon, pointed at William with a sneer.

"Duel-Ex!"

William was about to scoff at the Familiar's bluff when suddenly, he felt his body being pulled towards her.

The Half-Elf's eyes widened in shock because he made sure to stay out of the range of the forced aggression skill "Duel-Ex". Since he had used it several times in the past, he was quite familiar with its range. He believed that as long as he stayed away, Chloee wouldn't be able to force him to fight her in close combat.

What he didn't know was that Chloee's Duel-Ex was different from his. The Familiar's Duel-Ex worked regardless of distance. As long as she could see her target, she could pull them to her location anytime she wanted!

"Sh*t!" William cursed out loud as he summoned Arondight from his storage ring.

"Cut through the firmament!" William roared. "Raze the world, Arondight!"

A reddish-black beam of light erupted at the tip of the Demonic Sword and flew towards the Familiar who was also flying towards William with a fearless grin.

Chloee pulled back her arm and her closed fist shone brightly.

"World Ending Strike!" Chloee shouted as she met William's attack with her bare fist.

The powerful beam and the small fist collided, but William's attack was soon split in half. Chloee's attack broke through its center and the Familiar flew towards William while roaring in laughter.

William braced himself as he clashed with Chloee using his full-powered strike.

A metallic sound rang in the air, sending shockwaves in every direction. William heard a resounding crack, followed by searing pain on his right hand. He knew that his right hand, and arm, had been broken, but that was the least of his worries.

After the clash ended, William decisively pulled back and gained distance from the Familiar whose eyes had turned golden.

Chloee's Juggernaut skill had activated due to the damage she received from Arondight, and now her strength stat had doubled.

She hovered in the air and looked at William with a smile.

"I'll give you an opportunity to heal yourself," Chloee said with arrogance. "I don't want others to think that I'm bullying you."

William chuckled internally because of the Familiar's condescending words. He looked at his arm that was bent in an unnatural angle and allowed the system to scan the extent of the damage he received.

Fortunately, Arondight's attack had greatly lessened the force of Chloee's attack. If the attack had hit him with its full power, his arm might have been torn off from his body due to its overwhelming raw power.

'If she used the Overwhelming Strike, I might have become a goner,' William thought as he drank a High-Quality Rejuvenation Potion.

Although he didn't want to use any healing abilities during their battle, he deemed that it was necessary to face such a cheat-like character in his peak condition.

Several cracking and popping sounds reached his ear as the damage in his arm recovered. Chloee watched this scene with fascination with her hands resting on her waist.

After William's arm had fully recovered, the Familiar once again took a fighting stance before giving her opponent an ultimatum.

"I will end this in the next attack," Chloee stated. "If you have any trump cards left, use them now. I guarantee that you will not have an opportunity to use it again… "

William knew that the Familiar wasn't joking around. He still wanted to test a few things, but he decided that it would be useless against her. He had already realized this when he used Arondight against her.

Arondight was a sword that was said to be equal and even more powerful than Excalibur. Chloee's skill, Might Over Magic, was the perfect counter to magical attacks.

William was half-tempted to ask the System to enable the skill that he asked to be locked, but decided against it. It simply was not worth it to sacrifice his memories just to beat the opponent in front of him.

The air trembled around William as the elements of Earth, Water, Wind, Fire, and Lighting gathered in his right hand.

Soon, these elements merged together forming a rainbow colored ball of pure energy.

Chloee yawned because she knew that this kind of attack wouldn't deal any damage to her. She thought that William had other tricks under his sleeve, but she was greatly disappointed.

"Heroes of Valhalla," William said and thirteen perfect clones appeared all around him.

Each of the clones carried the Legendary Weapons in their arsenal and their presence made Chloee narrow her eyes.

Just like William had suspected, Chloee was more of a one-on-one fighter. Her ability to deal with multiple opponents at once was not her strong point. This was especially true for opponents that had similar power levels like William's.

"Well, at least you're not stupid, I'll give you that," Chloee's expressoin finally became serious, but the smile on her lips didn't disappear. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Her entire body glowed golden and the fairy-like wings behind her back were set ablaze in golden flames.

"70%," Chloee said softly. "Not bad."

Chloee had finally used 70% of her power, which increased her strength stat by 500, and her other stats by a hundred.

Claire, who was looking at her twin from a distance, smiled. It had been so long since she had seen Chloee this happy, and it made her happy as well.

However, Celeste, who was floating beside her, had a serious expression on her face. She had prepared a spell on her hand that would automatically summon Chloee to her side in case of an emergency.

Celeste was afraid that Chloee might get carried away and use her Overwhelming Strike on William… The beautiful Elf knew that if something happened to her sister's Disciple, Celine, would definitely not take it lying down, and might even hate her for it… forever.