Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 656: Charge, My Knights Of The Round Table! Part 2

Fourteen William's faced off against the beautiful Familiar, who was looking at them with a fearless smile.

"Come," Chloee said. "Or do you want me to force you to come to me?"

William raised his hand and his clones took a battle formation. This was his strongest combination attack, and if Chloee managed to beat this then William had no choice but to recognize her superiority.

"For Honor and Glory! Conquer my way to victory!" William ordered. "Charge, my Knights of the Round Table!"

The Thirteen Clones glowed and turned into rays of light. All of them flew towards Chloee as the powers of the Legendary Weapons activated in their hands.

"Go for the kill, Gaebolg!"

The Legendary Spear that was said to give its enemies a very gruesome and painful death shot towards Chloee with the intention of ending her life.

The Familiar turned her body to the side, evading the attack by a hair's breadth.

"Strike with unparalleled precision, Gungnir!"

The Spear that was said to belong to the King of the Norse Gods, Odin, flew straight and true. This spear was said to have the uncanny ability to never miss its target, regardless of the proficiency of its wielder.

"Exterminate, Khyrselakatos!"

A rain of arrows covered the skies, turning the surroundings dark. The arrowtips had an eerie green glow that was said to contain strong poison that was very effective against women.

Chloee was facing the rain of arrows, while Gungnir came flying towards her from behind. However, the Familiar was not fazed. She reached out behind her without even turning her head, and grabbed the tip of Gungnir's spear blade, stopping it in its flight.

Fiery, golden blood, seeped out of the wound on Chloee's hand, as she firmly held the spear at bay. A moment later, she grabbed the handle of the spear and twirled it around in front of her, deflecting the arrows that were falling onto her like rain.

Although Cloee specialized in unarmed combat, her passive ability, Weapon Master [EX], allowed her to effectively wield any kind of weapon she got her hands on.

As the barrage of arrows were thinning out, a powerful voice reached her ear from behind.

"Pierce through the void! Longinus!"

Chloee shifted her body to the side, and a shower of golden fiery blood exploded into the air.

Longinus had pierced through her left arm, but Chloee continued to deflect the arrows even with the spear sticking out of her shoulder.

She had deemed the arrows to be a higher threat to her compared to the spear that was now struck in her body.

"Illuminate the world! Rhongomyniad!"

"Cut through the firmament and raze the world! Arondight!"

Two beams of lights, one white, one black, descended on Chloee from opposite directions.

The wings on her back glowed brightly, as her body was enveloped by a golden shield.

The two beams hit their mark and exploded in mid-air. It created a mushroom type explosion that momentarily blinded everyone in the battlefield.

When the light receded, a young lady with tattered clothes appeared in everyone's vision. Her clothes were almost non-existent revealing a body riddled with injury. Blood flowed everywhere, and anyone who saw it would definitely feel their heart breaking, due to the violence that was done on such a young girl.

However, although she was currently in a very sorry state, Chloee's eyes were still clear and her lips still held the makings of a smile, despite her current condition.

"Duel-Ex," Chloee said as she pointed her finger at William.

The Half-Elf's body lurched forward, but he was not bothered by it. The power in his hand had reached its peak state. Even if Chloee had the ability Might Over Magic, this attack that contained all the powerful Elements in the world would devastate everything in its path.

"World End… Tempest!" William roared as he thrust his right hand forward.

Chloee pulled back her arm as a powerful aura fluctuated in the air. When all of the power in her body had been gathered in her hand, she unleashed the strongest attack in her arsenal. An attack that was strong enough to smash Drauum to pieces.

"Overwhelming Strike!" Chloee met William's attack with her own.

The moment the two attacks collided with each other. Another powerful explosion rocked the entire Floor of Asgard.

William's clones were blown away and turned into particles of light.

Chiffon, Celeste, and Claire were pushed back by the powerful shockwaves for several hundred meters before coming to a stop.

As if coming to an understanding, the three of them immediately flew towards the glowing, miniature sun that was currently floating in the place where William and Chloee clashed.

This was the first great battle that happened on the Floor of Asgard since its conception, and it left a mark in the memories of everyone that was there to witness the battle unfold.

---

Kraetor Empire…

Ashe abruptly woke up from her slumber when she felt a searing pain on the blue gem that was embedded in her chest. She gasped for breath because the pain was too much for her to bear.

Princess Sidonie, who was sleeping beside her, also woke up. However, it wasn't the Princess that was currently in charge of the body, but her other half, Morgana.

Morgana used her powers to help stabilize Ashe's body as the latter endured the excruciating pain in her body. Several minutes later, the beautiful mermaid collapsed on the bed, completely bereft of any strength.

Morgana was alarmed and immediately took out a pill from her storage ring and force fed it to Ashe, who was currently in a semi-vegetative state.

A few minutes later, the mermaid's finger twitched, before slowly opening her eyes. The current Ashe looked very haggard as if she just fought a hundred battles non-stop.

"For now, regulate your breathing," Morgana said as she helped Ashe into a sitting position. "Don't worry, I'm here. It will be alright."

Ashe weakly leaned her back on Morgana's body, and the latter held her firmly in an embrace. After several minutes, the mermaid's breathing had returned to normal, but she was still feeling very weak.

"What happened?" Princess Sidonie had swapped with Morgana and held Ashe in her place. "Did something happen to Will?"

"Yes," Ashe replied with difficulty. "I don't know the specifics, but it seems that he fought an intense battle, while pushing himself to the limit. However, you don't need to worry. He is fine."

Because Ashe gave half of her heart to William, she was able to feel his strong emotions, as well as the overflowing influx of power that came from her lover.

When William activated the Heroes of Valhalla, and unleashed the full powered World End Tempest, the excess energy traveled through time and space to reach Ashe, who was sleeping peacefully in the Kraetor Empire.

Princess Sidonie frowned as she pieced the clues together. Suddenly a realization came to her mind.

"Will is currently staying on the Floor of Asgard," Princess Sidonie said. "If I remember correctly, no one should be able to enter that floor. If what you said is true, doesn't it mean that Will just fought with someone, and this person is very strong? For him to use all of his powers, and make you feel its effects just proves that this battle wasn't a simple one."

Ashe nodded because she didn't realize this fact right away. Although they weren't able to meet William in the Thousand Beast Domain, they were still able to communicate just fine.

William had told her about his current circumstance, so both girls knew that he couldn't leave the tower, and had to stay in the Floor of Asgard for an entire month. Not only that, he said that no one could enter the floor during this period of time. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

If that was the case then who was it that their lover had fought?

"Let's go to the Thousand Beast Domain," Princess Sidonie stated. "Let's get our answers from there. I'm sure that one of Will's people will know the answers to our questions."

Ashe nodded her head.

A few seconds later, both girls disappeared from the room, and teleported to the Thousand Beast Domain… There they would discover that a certain Elven Beauty had wandered to William's Floor of Asgard, which made them shake their heads helplessly.