Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 657: Collecting The Sinful Ladies Of The World

"Another one?" Ashe inquired.

B1 nodded his head in confirmation. "Another one."

"Her name?" Princess Sidonie asked.

B2 pruned his feathers before answering. "Celeste."

The two beautiful ladies glanced at each other. Although they hadn't seen her before, they were quite familiar with the name, Celeste.

William had told them a bit about his Master's twin sister, who was a well-known prodigy in the Silvermoon Continent. The only thing that confused the two ladies was how Celeste managed to appear on the Floor of Asgard when it was still closed to the public.

"Is she beautiful?" Princess Sidonie asked. She still hadn't seen Celine, but according to Ashe, she was quite a beautiful woman, and quite possibly William's first crush.

Even so, Princess Sidonie prided herself of her beauty. She believed that no matter how beautiful Celeste was, she was still more beautiful than her.

"Very beautiful," B1 answered.

"Who is more beautiful, me or her?" Princess Sidonie inquired with a serious expression on her face.

B1 and B2 glanced at each other before looking at Sidonie with an expression that matched her seriousness. For them, all of William's lovers were beautiful, but of course, the two dumb birds were biased, so they answered Princess Sidonie's inquiry with what they felt was right.

"Chiffon is more beautiful than her," B1 replied.

B2 nodded in agreement. "That's right. Our Chiffon is the most beautiful of all."

The corner of Princess Sidonie's lips twitched as she looked at the two dumb birds who had returned to grooming their feathers.

I didn't ask you if Chiffon was more beautiful than her, okay? Why aren't you giving me a straight answer?

Ashe who was looking at the side covered her lips and giggled. She had now recovered from her weakened state after drinking a recovery potion that William had left for her. The beautiful mermaid found Princess Sidonie's question very endearing.

However, she understood her concern. Celine was truly beautiful. If her twin was a perfect replica of her then there was a chance that William would also think of her as someone very attractive.

She already knew that William wasn't someone that was easily attracted to beauty. But, if that beauty looked exactly like someone that you love, it was impossible to not feel anything. This was especially true for someone like William who cared too much about his lovers, and the important people in his life.

Princess Sidonie kept pressing the two dumb birds for answers, but she wasn't satisfied with their replies. It was quite unfortunate that William couldn't drag them to the Floor of Asgard because of certain restrictions that were in place.

After getting a general understanding of what happened, they returned to the Kraetor Empire to look after another problem child, who was still in deep sleep.

Kenneth was still asleep, and hadn't woken up since his last battle with Lilith. The silver-haired Elf was currently sleeping in Princess Sidonie's guest room because she was afraid that others would take him away if he was left somewhere.

The Amazon delegation had all returned to the Ares Empire with one exception, and that was Lilith.

Princess Sidonie and Ashe had a feeling that she remained in order to meet William when he returned from the Tower of Babylon. Of course, the Amazon Empress had already sent an elite team to go to the Tower to make contact with William.

Unfortunately, the Floor of Asgard wouldn't be open to anyone until a year had passed. The delegation from various forces in the lands had gathered in the City of Babylon to wait for William to make his appearance.

They were there to do everything in their power to negotiate with William, and see if they could strike a deal for the ownership of some of the floors that were currently under his name. All the floors in the Tower of Babylon held various lands and resources that would make any empire, kingdom, or clans, rub their hands in greed.

The temptation was too much to resist, and some of them were not afraid to use any means to get the result that their sovereigns had ordered them to get.

A few hours later, Lilith appeared in Princess Sidonie's room to have a chat with her and Ian. This had become part of her regular routine, which irritated Princess Sidonie.

The beautiful princess didn't bother to hide her annoyance and showed it openly to one of her "sisters" who bore a similar sin to hers. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

"Why are you so hostile?" Lilith inquired as she arched her brow. "It's not as if I'm going to steal your man. I have standards, you know?"

"My man is not good enough for you, so scram," Princess Sidonie replied with a glare.

"Tsk! tsk! Tsk!" Lilith wagged her finger at the beautiful Princess, who was so close to slapping her with her feathered fan.

"It is not up to you to decide whether your man is good enough or not," Lilith replied as she crossed her arms over her chest. "I will be the judge of that. Believe me, I'm a very good judge when it comes to good men."

Ian eyed the champion of the tournament from behind Princess Sidonie. Since William was away, Ian had become one of the retainers under Princess Sidonie's employ.

In the past, this kind of set-up might have been frowned upon by the Royal Family. However, after William's outstanding achievement was announced to the world, Emperor Leonidas had a change of heart and allowed William's follower to work under his granddaughter.

This was the "what belongs to you, also belongs to me" mentality, and Emperor Leonidas was similar to James in this regard. If a profit could be made, he would gladly compromise to make both parties happy.

For some reason, Ian didn't find Lilith repulsive in the slightest. She had been around Princess Sidonie, Morgana, and Chiffon, who all bore the Divinity of the Seven Deadly Sins, and the mermaid had developed a certain level of curiosity, towards these ladies who had been marked by the Gods since that day they were born into the world.

In truth, Ian found them pitiful.

Princess Sidonie would suffer several strong urges of Lust when her divinity was starting to get out of her control. William and her had to be by the Princess' side in order to control the power that was close to a breaking point.

Chiffon was another pitiful girl, whom Ian had a soft spot for. Unlike Princess Sidonie who had a strong and bold personality, the pink-haired girl was like a little angel who would quietly eat in the corner of the room, in order to not get in anyone's way.

Deep inside, she was very happy that Chiffon had married William. Ian knew that her lover would care for his young bride, and ensure that she would never go hungry again.

If not for the fact that she had also married William back in the Southern Continent, along with Wendy, she might have thrown a tantrum like Princess Sidonie did, after she learned that the little girl had married William before her.

'Will, I hope that you don't develop the hobby of collecting the sinful ladies of this world,' Ashe mused. 'One of them might bring about your downfall.'

Ian didn't know why, but she had a feeling that there was a possibility that those who would share her lover, would all be members of the Seven Deadly Sins.

If that was the case then the future would definitely be filled with uncertainty because each and everyone of them was a bomb… that was waiting to explode at a moment's notice.