Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 660: Angels And Devils Part 1

The two Familiars grinned at William.

One an angel, the other, a devil.

The Angel Familiar had short blonde hair and green eyes. The Devil Familiar, on the other hand, had short black hair, and green eyes. They looked exactly like William, just like how Chloee and Claire looked exactly like Celeste.

Of course, there were minor differences such as hairstyles, but their identical eye colors, and faces couldn't be denied.

"Allow me to introduce myself," the Angel said with an angelic smile. "My name is… Oh! I forgot. I still don't have a name!"

The angel pressed its palm on its forehead and looked at the heavens.

"To think that someone as handsome and dashing as me has no name, this is the greatest sin that can be committed in this world," The angel said with such elegance, charisma, and exaggeration that William's liver was starting to itch.

Yep, the Familiar did indeed belong to him.

"My Dear Comrade," the Devil landed on William's shoulder and crossed his arms over his chest. "Come up with a good name for us. I want something that is domineering."

The corner of William's lips twitched as he looked at the smug-faced devil on his shoulder. Clearly, he didn't expect his Familiars to be this shameless!

"A name…," William thought as he looked at the Angel who had started flirting with his Sixth Master, Chloee.

"You are the most beautiful Familiar that I have seen in my lifetime," the Angel said as he kissed the back of Chloee's hand. "May I know your name, Miss Beautiful?"

Chloee didn't know how to react because this was the first time that someone called her beautiful. Also, the Familiar's angelic smile made Celeste's Familiar, who liked to beat people into a pulp, blush until her entire face turned beet red.

"A-Am I really beautiful?" Chloee stuttered.

The Angel held Chloee's hand firmly, and placed it on his chest. "Truly beautiful. You look like the sun that shines brightly in the sky, the stars that guide people during the night, and the moon that watches over the lonely people in the world. In fact, I think the word beautiful is made so that the mortals of this world would have a means to describe your amazing grace."

William, and the Devil clicked their tongues at the same time. Not only that, they also voiced their thoughts out loud at the same time.

""What a player.""

The perfect synchronicity made Chiffon, who was standing beside William, giggle. Clearly, she found William's two Familiars quite interesting.

While the Angel was busy flirting with Chloee, her twin, Claire was looking at the Devil who was currently seated on William's shoulder.

The Devil noticed her gaze and felt unnerved. He then flew behind William's head and peeked at the green-haired Familiar.

Right now, Claire was looking at the Devil as if she wanted to dissect him and see what makes him tick!

William didn't notice these changes because he was busy thinking of names for these two Familiars.

"Okay, both of you come here," William ordered.

The Angel winked at Chloee one last time before flying towards William. The Devil that was hiding behind his head flew in front of him, and hovered beside the Angel who was its twin.

William gazed at the angel who was giving him a confident look. For some reason, William could tell that this Familiar of his would bring him a lot of trouble in the future.

"Your name will be Elliot," William said to the Angel.

The Angel crossed his arms over his chest and closed his eyes. It was as if he was pondering whether the name given to him matched his angelic image.

"You chose a suitable name for me," Elliot gave William's a thumbs up. "I like!"

[ DIng! ]

[ You bestowed a name on your Familiar!]

[ Familiar Information now loading! ]

Immediately several rows of words appeared on William's Status Page.

-

Name: Elliot

Race: Familiar

Health Points: 200 / 200

Mana: 1,500 / 1,500

[ Strength: 10

[ Agility: 10 ]

[ Vitality: 10 ]

[ Intelligence: 50 ]

[ Dexterity: 10 ]

Skills:

Lightning Bolt

Overflowing Charisma (Passive)

Pokerface (Passive)

Titles:

Lightning Adept

Natural Playboy

Wingman

--

[ Lightning Bolt ]

- Fires bolts of lightning from your fingertips.

- Damage dealt is equivalent to Intelligence x 2

- Has a small chance to stun and paralyze enemies.

[ Overflowing Charisma ]

- Has a very high charisma and allows the Familiar to get along with everyone.

[ Pokerface ]

- Able to hide the Familiar's true feelings with an angelic smile.

--

[ Lightning Adept ]

- The Familiar is able to use the power of Lightning to smite his enemies.

- All lightning attacks deal 20% more damage.

[ Naturally Playboy ]

- With good looks and overflowing Charisma, the Familiar has a very high percentage in getting along with the ladies. Has a moderate chance that the Familiar will be able to get under their skirts as well.

[ Wingman ]

- When partnered with another Familiar, all stats and the effects of abilities increases by 50%

---

William massaged his temple because his worries had finally come to life. In the beginning he was only thinking that it was a coincidence, but after seeing Elliot's stats, he now fully understood that this Familiar was definitely a skirt chaser!

'Goddammit!' William cursed silently. 'You better behave yourself and not get yourself into trouble!'

It was at that moment when Elliot chuckled and smirked at him.

'Don't worry, Will. I will use protection,' Eliott replied through telepathy. 'You can count on me!'

Williams almost choked on his saliva because he didn't expect that Elliot was able to read his thoughts. Before he could give a reply, another person joined their conversation.

'Hello, hello, mic test,' the Devil Familiar said. 'How about me? What about my name?'

William gave Elliot the "You and I will need to have a long talk later" before shifting his attention to the Devil Familiar who was looking back at him with great expectations. Clearly, it was also very excited to receive its name from William.

"Your name will be Conan," William answered. "The name means Little Wolf."

"Little Wolf?" the Devil rubbed its chin before nodding its head. "I like this name. Very well, from now on, I am Conan."

[ DIng! ]

[ You bestowed a name on your Familiar!] Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

[ Familiar Information now loading! ]

William received another batch of notifications, which held Conan's information.

--

Name: Conan

Race: Familiar

Health Points: 2,500 / 2,500

Mana: 300 / 300

[ Strength: 10

[ Agility: 10 ]

[ Vitality: 50 ]

[ Intelligence: 10 ]

[ Dexterity: 10 ]

Ability:

Iron Wall

Rotating Elemental Shields

Title:

Fortress Disciple

Calculus

Wingman

[ Iron Wall ]

- Summons an Iron Wall to serve as a defensive structure.

- The Iron Wall will be able to absorb damage equivalent to the Familiar's maximum Health Points. The higher the Familiar's health, the more durable the wall is.

- The Iron Wall will break once the damage surpasses its limit.

[ Rotating Elemental Shields ]

- Creates three shields that revolve around the target.

- The Rotating Elemental Shields will be able to absorb damage equivalent to the Familiar's maximum Health Points. The higher the Familiar's health, the more damage the shields can absorb.

- The Rotating Elemental Shields will break once the damage surpasses its limit.

--

[ Fortress Disciple ]

- Increase all Defensive Abilities by 20%

[ Calculus ]

- Very good in calculation. This ability also works during battle.

[ Wingman ]

- When partnered with another Familiar, all stats and the effects of abilities increases by 50%

--

William sighed in relief because Conan's information wasn't as exaggerated as Elliot's. After looking at his information, the Half-Elf realized that the two Familiars complimented each other really well.

One was made for offense, the other for defense. Right now, the two Familiars were very weak because William still hadn't upgraded their abilities using the skills of the Familiamancer. Just as he was about to check his new Prestige Class another set of notifications appeared on his Status Page.

--

[ Ding! ]

[ Congratulations! ]

[ Unique Prestige Class, Familiamancer has now been unlocked! ]

[ Familiamancer ]

"Life is too short to be living somebody else's dream."

- The Familiamancer Job Class is a new Profession that was recently born in the World of Hestia. Few know its true powers, and the changes it will bring to the world.

You have learned the skill "Summon Familiar".

You have learned the skill "Familiar's Eye View".

You have learned the skill "Familiar's Might".

You have learned the skill "Dance of the Fireflies".

You have learned the skill "Battle Tactics EX".

You have learned the skill "Detect Invisibility EX"

You have learned the skill "Spell Resistance EX".

You have learned the skill "Soul Fusion".

You have learned the skill "Tactician".

You have acquired the title "Teamwork is Dreamwork".

[ Ding! ]

[ Congratulations! Host's Second Subclass has successfully been unlocked! ]

[ Familiamancer is permanently locked on the Second Subclass. ]

[ No other Job Classes may be equipped in the slot of the Second Subclass. ]

William's eyes widened in shock because of the last message that he saw on his status page. Originally, he had one Main Class, and one Subclass. Having these two options already gave him plenty of Flexibility.

Now that a second Subclass had been unlocked, it gave William a new set of powers that he could use, without the need to switch the Familiamancer Job Class with other professions.