Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 667: When You See It, You’ll Sh*t Bricks Part 1

Back in the Floor of Asgard, William was unaware that his grandfather, James, was already in the City of Babylon and raising a ruckus to the forces that were hostile against him.

Only a week was left before he would be leaving the Tower, and he was currently in the process of collecting the spoils that he had gained from the tower.

"5,929,841 Tokens," William muttered as he browsed the Babylon Shop to use the tokens that he had accumulated.

Chiffon was seated behind him and leaning her back on William's body. She was also looking at the Babylon shop for items that might catch her interest.

Unlike Wiliam, Chiffon only had a little over a million Tokens under her name. The majority of these tokens came from clearing the 51st Floor with William. As for why her husband had more tokens than her, this was due to the ownership of the other floors in the Tower.

Since the Ruling Families had been exiled, all the earnings that their respective floors got would automatically be transferred to William's account.

William had already taught Chiffon how to navigate the Babylon Shop, and the pink-haired girl was extremely curious about the items that were currently on sale. After getting William's recommendation, Chiffon went to the consumable category where items for Beasts were currently on sale.

B1, B2, and Bacon peeked at the projection in front of the pink-haired girl and would comment from time to time.

"How about this Beast Awakening Pill?" Chiffon asked B1. "Is it useful to you?"

B1 and B2 checked the information that was written on the projector and nodded their heads in approval.

"Divine Grade Pill," B1 read the information aloud. "Helps Beasts awaken their hidden talents and has a small chance of mutating to a higher form."

"Yes." B2 nodded. "There is a chance for us to become stronger if we ate this Beast Awakening Pill."

Bacon nodded its head in agreement. "Oink."

"Really?" Chiffon smiled. "Then I'll buy three. They're only 200,000 Token each. Very cheap!"

If the other challengers of the Tower could hear Chiffon right now, all of them would be vomiting blood due to her choice of words. The challenges in the tower would, at most, give 5,000 tokens if they were to clear it with a high-rating, and 1,000 tokens if they cleared it with a low rating.

Even if they managed to get a high rating until they reached the 50th Floor, the tokens at their disposal would be more or less around 250,000.

A single Beast Awakening Pill was already worth 200,000 and Chiffon bought three. She even said that they were cheap!

Fortunately, of the challengers heard her words, or else they would be questioning themselves about the meaning of life.

William smiled and continued browsing the shop of the tower. He wanted to train Chiffon to be more confident when making her own choices, so he didn't prevent her from buying anything she wanted from the Babylon Shop.

Now that she was now his wife, he wanted her to be a bit more confident about herself, and the decisions that she would make in the future.

After getting the three Beast Awakening Pills, she fed one each to B1, B2, and Bacon. The effect of the pills would activate after twenty four hours, so its effects wouldn't be immediately felt or seen.

Since that was the case, Chiffon returned to browsing the items on the Shop while humming a happy tune.

William's two familiars, Elliot and Conan, sat on his shoulder and were browsing the Shop as well. The Half-Elf was feeling generous and gave his two familiars 500,000 Token each, so that they could buy their own things from the God Shop.

After the Familiamancer was registered as William's third permanent Subclass, Elliot and Conan were able to permanently materialize in the mortal plane, just like Chloee and Claire.

William treated these two little guys who looked exactly like him as his partners in crime.

Elliot read the information about an item called the "Heart of the Crystal Phoenix". Contrary to what its name implied, this wasn't an actual Phoenix's heart. It was in fact, a crystal that was formed from the tear of a Crystal Phoenix when it reached its thousand year life.

The only reason why it wasn't called the Tear of the Crystal Phoenix was due to its shape when the tear took a solid form. The tear would transform into a light-blue crystal heart after being exposed to the air for a few seconds, which gave birth to its name.

--

[ Heart of the Crystal Phoenix ]

- This teardrop that came from a Crystal Phoenix during its thousandth year of life and has very miraculous properties. If this was absorbed by an ordinary mortal, their body's constitution, and strength, would take a qualitative leap and rise immediately to the Adamantium Rank (equivalent to that of a Centennial Beast).

- Aside from strengthening the body, the Heart of the Crystal Phoenix will also strengthen that person's Spiritual and Magical Powers. Even if a person didn't have any magical affinity, the changes in their body would allow them to use one of these two powers, depending on what was more compatible with them.

- Lastly, absorbing this item would give you the ability to form Contracts with Phoenixes, and merge with them for a short period of time without encountering any side effects.

Price: 500,000 Tokens

---

Elliot's eyes glowed as a scene played out inside his head. Among William's two familiars, Elliot had the passive ability, Clairvoyance. This ability appeared after William maximized all the skills in the Familiamancer Skill Tree, which unlocked Elliot's and Conan's latent abilities.

Elliot was able to see brief images of the future at any given time. These images came and went without warning, and this was Elliot's first time seeing one.

'Oh? This is quite an interesting development,' Elliot mused as he decisively bought the Heart of the Crystal Phoenix. 'Well, I look forward to how it will unfold.'

Elliot glanced at William with a smile. He decided to keep what he saw as a secret because he thought that it would be more interesting that way. Although the Angelic Familiar had no doubt that what he saw would come to pass, he still deemed that it would be wise not to tell William about it.

William was so focused on his task that he didn't notice the mischievous smirk that Elliot directed at him.

The Half-Elf was currently in a dilemma. Just like the God Shop, the Shop of Babylon had many interesting things for sale. However, there was something that had caught his attention.

On the very first page of the Shop of Babylon, a promotional advertisement was displayed. It was called Babylon Gacha.

If he spent Four Million Tokens, there was a 100% chance to get one random Divine Item from the Gacha. William was very moved by this offer because of what happened with Enuma Elish.

The Divine Artifact allowed him to Summon the Avatars of Various Gods similar to Final Funtazee summons. Not only that, he also unlocked the Unique Prestige Class, Familiamancer.

If he were to get another Divine Artifact, like Enuma Elish, wouldn't his cheat-like abilities be over the top?

William glanced at his remaining Tokens and made his decision.

--

4,929,841 Tokens

--

"Let's do this," William thought. "Let's go for one time big time!"

William decisively clicked the Gacha button.

Immediately a dazzling rainbow colored ball appeared on the projection screen and exploded into a shower of sparks. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

William had a wide grin on his face as he looked at the Divine Item that now belonged to him. However, after reading the name of the item, the smile on his face immediately became stiff.

-

[ Chamberpot of Serenity ]

Rarity: Divine

- Ender of Misery

"When you see it, you'll sh*t bricks"