Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 669: She's Legal, You Know?

Several days had passed and William's stay on the Floor of Asgard was about to come to an end.

However, a day before his month-long stay at the 51st Floor Ended, a guest had once again appeared in his Domain.

"I've been getting plenty of uninvited guests as of late," William said as he shook his head helplessly.

He took a step forward and immediately appeared at the base of the Bifrost Gate. On the other side of the bridge, a floating jellyfish, a turtle, and a goblin waved at him from afar.

"Good day to you, Lord William," Jellybelle, the Guardian of the 50th Floor, greeted.

"Will, it has been a while," Oogwei said with a smile.

Xod didn't say anything and just gave William a brief nod.

William was familiar with all of them, so he decided to invite them to the castle of Asgard. He was curious about the purpose of their visit since most Guardians just stayed on their respective floors, and didn't mind other people's business.

"When we guardians agreed to send you to the 51st Floor, we didn't expect you to really clear it," Jellybelle stated. "Now, we are experiencing a steady increase of challengers that are climbing the tower. This is all thanks to you, Lord William."

Unlike the other Guardians, Jellybelle treated William in a respectful manner. It was the only one that had seen the Primordial Goddess that was watching over the Half-Elf, and it was more than enough for it to humble itself in front of him.

Oogwei and Xod noticed Jellybelle's polite behavior, and wondered why it was acting this way. The Jellyfish was one of the most haughty Guardians in the Tower.

Since Jellybelle was in charge of the 50th Floor, it also held the highest authority among the Guardians of the lower floors. Simply put, the Jellyfish was their Big Boss, and their Big Boss was currently giving William the VIP treatment.

"Maybe Jellybelle is afraid of being eaten by William," Xod thought as he eyed the floating jelly who was making casual talk with the red-headed teenager.

Oogwei was also thinking of the same thing. Since all of them had witnessed how William devoured Belial in their battle, of the Guardians in the Tower wanted to offend the Half-Elf.

"Um, is there something that you need from me?" William asked.

He didn't believe that the three Guardians personally came to visit him just to make some small talk.

"Actually, we came here to tell you some news," Oogwei answered. "Since you're stuck up here, you are not aware of what is currently happening outside the Tower of Babylon. A few days ago, an old man that goes by the name, James, suddenly appeared in the City of Babylon and made a scene."

Oogwei told William how his Grandpa single handedly dealt with the Ex-Ruling Families.

At first, William was surprised when he heard that James had arrived at the City of Babylon. However, it didn't take long for his surprise to subside and be replaced with genuine amusement with how his Grandpa had beaten the crap out of the former ruling families of the tower that had tried to use him as a bargaining chip in order to negotiate with William.

The Half-Elf almost felt sorry for the Patriarchs of the Ruling Families for falling into James' hand. He knew how merciless his grandpa was when it came to those who threatened their family, and Oogwei's explanation didn't disappoint him.

According to the little turtle, after James and Vlad demolished all opposition, no one no longer dared to target William because of his background. Also, the emissaries of Empires, Kingdoms, and other Powerful Factions, tried to ingratiate themselves to James by personally dealing with the remnants of the exiled families from the tower.

When William heard this, he rubbed his chin in contemplation as he thought of an idea that would definitely work in his favor.

"Your grandpa is currently on the First Floor of the Tower," Xod said. "He asked me to send you a message."

Xod cleared his throat and passed James' message to William.

"I'm here. Where's the treasure?"

The corner of William's lips twitched when he heard his Grandpa's message. He helplessly shook his head because his old man really knew how to mooch off the hard work of others.

Originally, Xod would have been the only one going to meet with William. However, he was afraid of facing the Half-Elf alone. Because of this, he asked Oogwei to accompany him. The little turtle readily agreed to Xod's request. The two Guardians then went to see Jellybelle to ask for permission to enter the 51st Floor.

Jellybelle thought that this was a good idea to smoothen things out with William, so it decided to accompany Xod and Oogwei to the 51st Floor. He also wanted to know what William's intentions were.

Would he continue to climb the tower? Or, would he stay true to his words and leave the tower?

"Please, send my Grandpa to the 51st Floor directly," William said. "There is something important that I want to discuss with him."

----

Ten minutes later…

James, Vlad, and Ezio appeared on the Floor of Asgard.

William's grandpa nodded his head in appreciation when he saw the Bifrost Bridge, as well as the majestic castle in the distance.

Vlad and Ezio had similar reactions. The world that William had created on the 51st Floor was a scenery that they had never seen before, and they would be lying if they said that they weren't interested in exploring this new Domain.

Without even waiting for anyone to meet them, James was already walking towards the Bifrost Bridge with the intention to cross it. It was as if he was the owner of the place and even had a smug expression as he walked in a carefree manner

Vlad and Ezio exchanged a glance at each other before following behind him. Since this floor belonged to William, James had already labeled the 51st Floor as the property of the Ainsworth Family.

Since this floor belongs to my grandson, naturally, it also belonged to me!

After crossing the bridge, the three continued their journey towards the castle in the distance. Because the Floor was still not open to the public, the entire place was completely deserted.

It didn't take long before they arrived at the castle where they saw a red-headed teenager with a devilish smile plastered on his face.

They also noticed the adorable pink-haired girl beside William. James thought that if the girl was given a few more years, she would grow up to be an outstanding beauty. As someone who was aiming to expand his family's bloodline, James had always told William to have as many wives as he could. That way, he would have many great grandchildren that would help secure their lineage in the world.

"Gramps, did you come here to the Tower of Babylon after hearing how awesome I was?" William asked with a smug expression on his face.

"Of course," James replied. "Boy, you really made me proud. I knew that you inherited my awesomeness, but I didn't expect you to be just as awesome as I was when I was your age. Well done."

James laughed heartily as he patted William's shoulder. He then glanced at Chiffon with a smile and asked William to introduce him to the little beauty standing beside him.

"Chiffon, this is my grandfather, James Von Ainsworth," William said with a smile. He then turned to James and introduced Chiffon to him. "Gramps, this is my wife, Chiffon."

James held Chiffon's hand and shook it gently. He was only half listening to William's introduction because he only cared about making a good impression on the adorable girl whom he thought he believed would be a stunning beauty if given a few more years. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Nice to meet you," James held Chiffon's hand like a kind Grandpa. "I'm very happy to meet William's frien-- what?!"

The old man glanced at William. "Boy, what did you just say? I think I heard it wrongly."

"Chiffon is my wife."

"Your wife?"

William smiled and pulled the pink-haired girl in his embrace. "We got married a month ago. Gramps, how many grandkids do you want to have?"

Chiffon's face immediately flushed when she heard William's words. She immediately started thumping his chest with her closed fist out of embarrassment.

This adorable display made James, Vlad, and Ezio's lips twitch at the same time. They thought that William was just joking. However, after seeing that Chiffon wasn't denying the Half-Elf's claims, they realized that he was telling the truth.

James' expression immediately turned serious before placing his hand on William's shoulder.

"Will, we need to talk," James said.

Deep inside, he wanted to pick William up and slap his bum silly. If others were to hear that his grandson had casually married a kid, wouldn't that bring shame to his name? Wouldn't all of his friends, and acquaintances tease and ridicule him if they heard about it?

James wouldn't allow such a thing to happen! He would definitely beat the crap out of William until he came to his senses.

William didn't have mind reading powers, but he could already guess what James was thinking. He gave a nervous chuckle because the old man's grip on his shoulder was like a vice-grip that wouldn't allow him to escape no matter what.

"Gramps, I think you're making a misunderstanding," William said after realizing the danger he was in… "Chiffon is legal. She's legal, you know?"