Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 671: Time Waits For No One

The day where William and Chiffon would leave the tower had come.

Since the Floor of Asgard had no Guardian, William had given James that role. The Tower of Babylon had recognized the Half-Elf's decision and gave James administrative powers.

Right now, James had the same authority as the other Guardians of the Tower, and had absolute control within the 51st Floor.

William had also brought James inside his Thousand Beast Domain and introduced his Herd and Legion to his Grandpa.

James didn't expect that his grandson had a mobile army at his disposal, which made him look at William in a new light.

However, the surprise didn't end there. William had also revealed that he had formally taken the mantle of his father as the Dungeon Conqueror, which made James almost choke on his saliva.

"Although I already had my suspicions, hearing it from you still makes a difference." James sighed as he looked at his grandson in awe. "Will, make sure to limit this knowledge to the people you trust. If other people were to hear this, they would definitely make trouble for you."

"Gramps, even if I don't tell anyone that I'm the new Dungeon Conqueror, they would still target me because of my accomplishments," William replied. "I'm just that awesome."

James laughed because that was indeed the case. William had done things high-handedly and everyone now knew his name. Even without the title of the Dungeon Conqueror, he was a hot potato in everyone's eyes. It was too late to act low key when everyone was paying attention to his every move.

"Are there any other things that you are hiding from me?" James asked.

William grinned as he nodded his head. "They will be arriving soon. Just wait a little bit more, Gramps." Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

As soon as the words left William's mouth, two beauties materialized out of thin air.

James smiled and opened his arms wide.

To William's surprise, Princess Sidonie happily jumped into James' arms, while calling him Grandfather.

Unknown to William, James and Princess Sidonie had a good relationship. After finding out that the Princess from the Kingdom of Freesia had hoodwinked his grandson to become her fiance, James' impression of Princess Sidonie rose significantly.

After the Princess secretly went to meet him to bridge their relationship closer, the old man's impression became higher. Clearly, the beautiful Princess was after their family's good genes, and James was more than happy to tie William up and let the Princess marry him with his blessing.

Fortunately, William was a sensible person. He gave the beautiful Princess a chance to become his lover. Because of this, James and Princess Sidonie temporarily shelved their Shotgun Wedding plan and allowed the Half-Elf and the Princess' relationship to develop naturally.

"It's good to see that you are healthy," James said. "How long must I wait to hold my great grandkids?"

Princess Sidonie glanced briefly at William before giving her answer. "Don't worry, Grandfather. I am working on it. I promise that I will give you healthy grandchildren in the future."

"I will look forward to it. Just tell me if you need me to tie William up."

"There's no need for that Grandfather. Darling loves me very much."

Ashe watched this scene with a dumbfounded expression. She then approached William and gave him a hug. It had been a while since they had last seen each other. Even if the mermaid didn't want to admit it, her feelings for William had grown stronger while they were unable to see each other.

William shared half of Ashe's heart, so he could understand her feelings. Because of this, he gave her soft pecks on the lips, and promised her using telepathy that he would make it up to her as soon as he kicked James out of the Thousand Beast Domain.

James chuckled when he saw William's attempt to pacify his lover.

Just like Princess Sidonie, James had already known about Ashe's relationship with William. He was very touched when he discovered that the mermaid had given half of her heart to his grandson in order to save his life. Because of this, he had a very good impression of Ashe.

James' only concern was the curse that forced her to be trapped in a boy's body. The only good news was that William assured him that there was a way to break the curse, and for that to happen, he needed to travel to the Kraetor Empire in the Central Continent.

The old coot didn't try to persuade William out of his decision because he believed that his grandson had what it took to go to where all the powers of the world were congregated. The old man knew that regardless of the reason, William was destined to go to the Central Continent in order to reach a higher stage.

The world-wide announcement proved that his decision was right, so he was very happy to help his grandson manage the territories that he had recently acquired, while he traveled the Central Continent to do the things he needed to do.

Princess Sidonie lightly cleared her throat, and William and Ashe stopped their public display of affection.

Chiffon, who was standing at the side, only smiled as she watched this scene. Although there were a few mishaps, she was still able to monopolize William for a month, so her heart was at ease.

Also, she was now William's wife. There was no need to compete for his affection, because she could feel how much he loved her. The Half-Elf had made sure that Chiffon's unending hunger for food and love were sated completely.

"Interesting," James crossed his arms over his chest. "How about Wendy? Can she come here?"

William shook his head. "I will make it up to her once I return to the Southern Continent."

James nodded his head in understanding. He was also aware that Wendy had become William's first wife, and this made him very happy. He had a fondness for the blonde beauty, who didn't bother to hide her feelings for William when she visited Lont.

"Gramps, since I am the Floor Master, as long as I am in the Central Continent, I have a way to instantly travel to the Floor of Asgard," William explained. "If you need me, just ask Fourth Master to send me a message. If I am not busy with anything, I will come immediately."

James nodded his head. "Don't worry. Unless it is absolutely necessary, I won't ask for your help. Ah, before I forget. I will go to the Misty Sect on the promised date. Lawrence and I talked and we will be settling things during your battle with Rebecca."

William knew that although James and Lawrence were sometimes at odds with each other, they were still good friends. Although he didn't plan to hold anything back when fighting Rebecca, he would ensure that she wouldn't be humiliated.

This was the least he could do for Lawrence, as well as the girl, who used him as a shield to ward off potential suitors.

William summoned Soleil and handed it to Ashe. The latter nodded her head in understanding and left with Princess Sidonie to return to the Kraetor Empire.

Chiffon remained in the Thousand Beast Domain because William didn't want to leave her in Asgard. He could only travel by himself using his connection with Soleil, so this was the only way for the pink-haired girl to travel with him.

"Gramps, I'll see you in the Misty Sect," William said with a smile.

James patted his grandson's shoulder and gave him some words of wisdom.

"Although your victory is mostly assured, don't underestimate the old hags of Misty Sect." James warned. "I'm sure that they'll cook up something before your battle with Rebecca. Stay alert and keep your eyes peeled."

William agreed with James. "Understood, Grandfather."

With a determined gaze, William disappeared from the floor of Asgard. Now that he had accomplished Aamon's mission, it was now time to go to the Temple for the next set of tasks that Aamon had prepared for him.

High above the Tower of Babylon, an old man with a long beard looked in the direction of the Kraetor Empire with a calm expression.

He had long known that William's priorities didn't involve clearing the rest of the floors of the tower, but that was fine with him. Each person was fated to fight on different battlefields, but all rivers lead to the sea.

"Do your best, Little One," the old man muttered… "Time waits for no one."