Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 673: I Have A Proposal To Make

As soon as William arrived in his room after his visit from Aamon's Temple, he found himself seized by three beautiful girls and kidnapped to the Thousand Beast Domain.

Princess Sidonie had been holding back because she knew that William had urgent things to attend to, but she had reached her limit. Because of this, she decided to take action and invited Ashe and Chiffon to cooperate with him.

Although she was jealous that the pink-haired girl had married William before her, there was nothing she could do about it. The rice had already been cooked, so the only thing she could do was to ensure that the next person that William would marry was her.

For that to happen, she had urged her grandfather, Emperor Leonidas, to publicly announce their wedding and ensure that the Half-Elf wouldn't be able to run away, even if he grew wings!

"Calm down, girls," William said after he was tossed to the bed like a tied up dumpling. "I'm not going anywhere. Let's do this properly, okay?"

Princess Sidonie didn't listen to him and pounced on him after transforming into a succubus. It had been more than a month since her Divinity was suppressed, and she was really at her limit.

Ashe and Chiffon didn't want to be left out, so they joined forces with Sidonie and attacked William, leaving him, and little Will, unable to form any kind of resistance.

A few hours later, the soft sleeping breaths of three beautiful girls permeated inside the room.

Princess Sidonie laid on William's left side and held his arm as she slept. Ashe laid on his right, and was holding his arm as well.

As for Chiffon? She laid on top of William with her head resting on his chest. The little glutton's drool pooled on William's chest as she slept with a satisfied expression on her face.

The Half-Elf was also sound asleep because his girls had squeezed him dry until Little Will fainted due to exhaustion. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

He didn't resist his lovers' advances because he, too, wanted to spend time together with them. There were only a few weeks left before he needed to travel to the Savadeen Mountains, where the Headquarters of the Misty Sect was located.

Since Aamon had given him a condition, he needed to raise the levels of his Job Classes in the time he had left in order to prepare for any situation.

He was not aware of how strong Rebecca was, but he was sure that his opponent still hadn't reached the Saint Rank. As long as he wasn't fighting a Saint, William had the confidence to beat anyone in a one-on-one battle… with the exception of his sixth Master, Chloee.

--

"Relax, with our Sect's treasured artifact, Rebecca will be able to boost her strength up to the Saint Rank in one go," the Sect Master assured the Elders of the sect. "Not only that, Her Excellency, Meredith, has agreed to our request. With her help, Rebecca's chances of winning have drastically increased."

All of the Elders of the Misty Sect nodded their heads. Some of them sighed in relief in their hearts because William's achievements gave them an invisible pressure that made them feel uncomfortable.

How could they possibly not feel pressured? Their Core Disciple was going to fight against the strongest prodigy of the young generation. All the powerful and influential factions in the continent were now preparing to visit their sect for their Founding Day.

Those that came from far away had started their journey a few weeks ago. This was to ensure that they wouldn't be late to the "entertainment" that they were expecting to see.

More than anything else, the Misty Sect didn't want to be the laughing stock of everyone in the Central Continent. This was something that they had to avoid no matter what!

"What is Rebecca's current rank?" Thea, the Sect Master of the Misty Sect, asked Eleanor.

Rebecca's Master had been paying close attention to Rebecca's progress and she was quite satisfied with her current rank.

"Right now, Rebecca has just broken through the 7th Circle," Eleanor replied. "She's currently stabilizing her rank in preparation for her duel with William."

(A/N: 7th Circle Magician is equivalent to the Adamantium / Centennial Rank. Take note that a mage is stronger than an ordinary warrior. If magicians were to fight with people with the same rank, their chances of winning were extremely high.)

Thea nodded her head. Although it didn't show on her face, she was also satisfied with Rebecca's development.

There were only a handful of individuals that could reach that rank in her age group, which proved that her magic prowess was truly outstanding.

"After she has stabilized her rank, hand her the Sect's artifact," Thea ordered. "Teach her how to use it properly, so she will be competent when she uses it in her duel."

Eleanor nodded her head. "Leave this task to me, Sect Master. I will not fail you!"

"As you should," Thea replied crispily. "Failure is not an option. Also, make sure to tell the Wardens to bring thirty High-Grade Snow Crystals, and spread them around the arena. That will strengthen the power of Ice Magic and ensure that Rebecca will have the upper hand."

"It will be done as you command," the Head Warden pledged. "Sect Master, I have a proposal to make."

Thea nodded. "Speak."

The Head Warden smiled as she gave her suggestion. "Since the battle is inevitable, how about we raise the stakes and coerce William to have a bet with us?"

Thea frowned but she still waited for the Head Warden to finish her explanation.

Seeing that everyone's attention was on her, the Head Warden was feeling ecstatic. She had only thought of this idea a few minutes ago, but the more she thought about it, the more appealing it was.

Because of this, she decided to make the proposal to Thea and see whether she would also consider this idea for the Sect's benefit.

"Let's ask him to make a bet with us," The Head Warden said. "If he wins then he can ask our Sect to do three things for him. Regardless of what it is, as long as it doesn't break our morals, we will agree to it.

"In return, if he loses then he would give us ownership of one of the Floors of Babylon that are currently under his command. Since we are doing our best to ensure Rebecca's victory, why not profit from it as well. What do you think, Sect Master?"

The Elders of the Misty sect were surprised by the Head Warden's boldness. Some of them gasped in shock, while others remained silent, contemplating the pros and cons of her proposal.

Thea was also moved by the Head Warden's words. Having a floor in the Tower of Babylon was akin to having an ownership of an entire Kingdom. If their Misty Sect could gain ownership of one then their prestige and status would rise among their peers.

"Let me think about this for a few days," Thea replied. "For now, let us end our meeting and resume our duties. I ask the Elders to supervise the preparations so that we won't be embarrassed in front of our guests.

"Head Warden, please, make sure that our security is enough to handle the influx of people and prevent anyone from committing any crimes during their stay. I authorize you to deal with criminals as you please."

The Elders and the Head Wardens nodded their heads before leaving the room. Thea remained behind as she pondered the possibility of owning one of the Floors of Babylon.

She didn't know how strong William was, but she was confident that the preparations they had in mind would be enough to deal with him.

Somewhere in the Aberdeen Mountains, a Majestic Creature briefly opened its eyes.

It was the Guardian of the Misty Sect, and a being that had been in the Central Continent for thousands of years.

After scanning its domain, it once again closed its eyes to sleep.

A powerful blizzard appeared out of nowhere and covered the mountains in a veil of white. For the members of the Misty Sect, the blizzard was a delightful sight.

To others, this scene was enough to make them tremble in fright. For the one that slept on top of the Aberdeen Mountains was a being of old… No matter how fierce the blizzard blew, it was not afraid of the cold.