Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 674 - The Amazons Are After Your Genes

When Gilbert discovered that William had suddenly appeared in the academy, he immediately notified Emperor Leonidas and Evexius of his arrival.

The two didn't waste any time and immediately went to the Silverwind Academy, but when they arrived, no traces of William, Ashe, Chiffon, or Princess Sidonie could be seen.

"Where is he?" Emperor Leonidas asked Gilbert who was waiting for their arrival.

Gilbert sighed and shook his head. "I don't know where he went. He met up with Princess Sidonie, and his retainer, Ian. I thought that they were just going to do some catching up, so I decided to give them some space. After a few hours, I went to look for him, but I couldn't find the three of them anywhere."

Emperor Leonidas frowned, but he felt like William would appear sooner or later, so he told Gilbert to keep his eye open, and wait for the boy to return to the academy.

Kenneth and Lilith also heard about the news and immediately went to the academy to look for him as well. However, they came out empty handed.

They were not aware that the Half-Elf was courageously fighting a battle with his girls in the Thousand Beast Domain, and was currently being peppered with attacks that would make all the young men in the Kraetor Empire green with envy.

Although Emperor Leonidas and Evexius left the academy, Kenneth and Lilith decided to stay. Since they were now official guests of the Kraetor Empire, Gilbert treated them well and assigned accommodations to the two of them while waiting for William.

The next day, William finally appeared in the academy.

Because of the world-wide announcements, all the students were aware of the feats that he had performed. The Professors of the academy had a meeting a day after the announcement, and decided to tell their students about the Tower of Babylon.

Originally, they thought that William's achievements were no big deal. However, after learning the history of the Tower and the 51st Floor, the red-headed teenager suddenly became their idol.

Gilbert was also very proud. Regardless of what anyone said, William was a student of his academy on paper.

What did this mean? This meant that the strongest young prodigy in the world was enrolled in his academy!

Hehehe! All of the other academies can fight for second place!

Because of this, he had applied for a raise in his salary, which made Emperor Leonidas roll his eyes. Still, the additional salary was approved which made the Half-Elf extra pleasing in Gilbert's eyes.

"You did well, William," Gilbert praised the boy who was seated in front of him. "You made the academy proud."

William smiled and nodded his head. "Thank you, Headmaster. The advice you gave me helped me a lot."

"I know," Gilbert replied with a smug expression on his face. "Without my help, you wouldn't have been able to achieve what you did."

William stared at the shameless old man with a dumbfounded expression on his face. He was merely acting humble, but the Headmaster had decided to toot his own horn, and praise himself for doing a good job. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

I was just being polite, okay?

Why are you acting so smug? Are you the one that fought Belial?

William was very tempted to spit on the old man to bring him down a peg, but decided that it wasn't worth it.

Gilbert was still the Headmaster of the Academy, so he decided to let the old man be shameless for the time being.

"Where did you go yesterday?" Gilbert inquired. "His Majesty and his Excellency came here personally to see you, but you were nowhere to be found. I checked the monitoring devices of the Academy, but I didn't see you leave the academy. How did you do it?"

William cleared his throat because he remembered the embarrassing scene of him being pinned down by his three lovers. He was supposed to meet with Gilbert after visiting Aamon's Temple and thank him for his help, but he was kidnapped by Princess Sidonie.

"I had some pressing matters to attend to, so I decided to sneak out of the academy," William replied. "Did his Majesty say anything before he left?"

"Yes. He said that the two of you needed to talk, so don't leave the academy for the time being."

"Understood."

Gilbert was very curious, so he pestered William to tell him what the trial of the 51st Floor was like. The Half-Elf felt that it wouldn't hurt to tell Gilbert a few things about the Devil's Floor, so he narrated a tale of half truth and lies to the Headmaster of the Academy.

William didn't mention anything about him and Chiffon getting married. The little glutton said that they should keep it a secret for now. The only ones who knew were his lovers, his grandpa, Ezio, Vlad, and Celeste.

Chiffon didn't want the news to make its way to the Demonic Continent because she remembered that her father hated the surname Ainsworth. She only recalled this information after staying on the Floor of Asgard for a few weeks.

Of course, she also told William about this matter, but the latter only nodded his head. The Half-Elf didn't think that it was a big deal because he thought that his grandfather and Chiffon's dad had crossed each other's path in the past.

After having a near-death encounter with Cernunnos, the Half-Elf had a firm belief that his Grandpa had made a lot of enemies when he was young and still actively traveling the world of Hestia.

Also, William wasn't afraid of Chiffon's father. He already knew the bastard's name, and face, due to Chiffon's Heart Devil. The Half-Elf had added Luciel to the list of people that he would give a beating to in the future.

"You got lucky," Gilbert said as he eyed William with a serious expression. "If Chiffon wasn't there, your chance of winning would have been very slim."

William nodded his head in agreement. After experiencing first hand the power of Chiffon's Devour Divinity, the red-headed teenager realized that she was the bane of all Domain type territories.

As long as Chiffon opened her mouth, an entire floor would be swallowed whole. There was simply no way to block and run away from this attack. The only choice one had was to leave the floor as soon as possible, before they got sucked inside her mouth, never to appear again.

Gilbert then remembered something and chuckled. "Boy, be careful of the Amazon race. Their princess is here at the academy and is waiting for your appearance."

"Amazon Race?" William frowned. "Why should I be careful around them?"

He didn't remember having any conflict with the Amazon Race. He hadn't even met any of them during his travels, so Gilbert's warning made him tilt his head in confusion.

"You really don't know?" Gilbert asked before slapping his forehead. "I forgot you came from the Southern Continent. Very well, let me tell you something about the Amazons. This is a warrior race dominated by women. They are always in the lookout for strong individuals to invite to their Empire to mate with them.

"Right now, all the Amazons are after your genes. For them, you are the ideal candidate to sire the next generation of Amazon Warriors. One of their princesses is here at the academy. Her name is Lilith, and she is also the Champion of the tournament that ended a month ago."

William rubbed his chin as he pondered.

There was no doubt that this was a tricky subject.. Although he didn't want to have any conflicts with the Amazons, Gilbert's tone made him feel that the warrior race was hell bent on catching him, no matter what.