Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 676: I Don’t Love You, But I Need You

Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Lilith," Lilith said. "I am the Fourth Princess of the Amazon Race. nice to meet you."

Lilith reached out her hand for a handshake, which William accepted.

"William," William replied as he shook Lilith's hand twice before letting go.

Lilith arched her eyebrows as she looked at the pink-haired girl beside William. Since she was one of the Seven Sins, it was quite easy for her to know that Chiffon was one of her "sisters".

This discovery caught her interest as she re-evaluated William. With a single glance, she could tell that the Half-Elf and the girl who was looking at her with curiosity had a close relationship.

"Sister, this is the first time we've met," Lilith stated. "May I know your name?"

Chiffon nodded as she introduced herself. "Chiffon Val Gremory."

Lilith smiled. She already knew that Princess Sidonie was William's fiance, and she held the Sin of Lust. What piqued the Amazon's interest was that aside from the lusty Princess, the Sin of Sloth was also an acquaintance of William.

According to Princess Sidonie, Kenneth was a messenger sent by William's mother, Arwen, to pass a message to him. Having two sins around a single person could still be considered a coincidence, but if you add the Sin of Gluttony to the equation it became obvious that William and the Seven Deadly Sins had some sort of invisible link between them.

After her initial statement, Lilith decided to probe further. Right now, William was her ideal candidate. The Half-Elf had good looks, he had good lineage, and the achievements he had were most satisfactory.

Also, for some reason, when she looked at William, she had a strong feeling that she was looking at a very greedy and shameless person. If he also had a domineering personality then he was the Prince Charming she was waiting for!

Lilith held back the strong urge to kidnap William and drag him back to the Amazonian Empire. For now, she decided to know more about him by asking a few questions. Looking at Chiffon, she could tell that the girl looked obedient, unlike Princess Sidonie who was hellbent to kick her out of the Kraetor Empire.

"May I ask what your relationship with William is?" Lilith asked Chiffon with a smile.

Chiffon didn't even blink when she gave her answer. "I am his wife."

"Congratulations, sister! You found yourself a good man."

"Thank you."

"Can I share him with you?" Lilith asked. "Don't worry. I will not challenge your position as main wife. I just want his genes…"

Chiffon's body stiffened. She then buried her face in William's chest because Lilith's gaze made her feel uncomfortable. The Amazon's eyes were similar to a gold digger who had found her sugar daddy. The moment she locked on someone, she wouldn't ever let go!

William's overprotectiveness kicked in as he hugged his wife. He then glanced at Lilith, and the latter gave him a flirtatious smile and a wink.

"Princess Lilith, sorry but I can't accompany you to the Amazon Empire," William replied. "I have many things that I need to do, and I just don't have any time to agree to your request."

Lilith chuckled. She was already expecting William's rejection, but she wasn't bothered by it. There had been many people who had proposed to her, and even tried to bring her to their own Empires by force, so she could understand where the Half-Elf was coming from.

"Don't worry, it doesn't have to be now." Lilith smiled sweetly. "I know you still have to go to the Misty Sect. I am free right now, so I will accompany you, and watch your battle with your childhood sweetheart."

"She's not my childhood sweetheart."

"Is that so? That's better. The less the love rivals around, the more chances I have to woo your heart."

The corner of William's lips twitched. The Half-Elf always thought that it would always be the guys who chased after beautiful girls. At least, that is what he had read in the stories back on Earth.

However, here in Hestia, it was the opposite. Princess Sidonie and Lilith were chasing after him.

"Do you like me?" William asked.

Lilith covered her lips and giggled. "Do you want an honest answer?"

"Of course."

"Okay."

Lilith sat properly and placed her hands over her lap. She then looked at William with a serious expression, her eyes looking straight at him.

"This is the first time we've met, so If you are going to ask me if I like you then the answer is no," Lilith stated. "However, that doesn't change the fact that right now, you are the most ideal candidate to become my partner.

"You have the looks, the talent, the background, and the prestige. Let's not talk about whether you are wealthy or not. Just the fact that you are the owner of several floors of the tower makes you richer than any Prince in the Central Continent."

Lilith leaned back on the couch and crossed one leg over the other.

"The Amazons are a warrior race. Naturally, we have feelings too," Lilith stated. "However, the majority of us set aside these feelings in order to pave the path for the next generation. Strength and power are the most important things to us, love and other reasons can fight for second place.

"To cut it short, no, I don't love you, but I need you. You are the most ideal partner for me. I don't care if you are married, or how many wives you have. What I need from you is your seed, so I can give birth to the strongest Amazon that will carry my race to a better and brighter future."

William could feel Lilith's sincerity and his impression of her grew by a notch. Even Ian, Chiffon, and Kenneth, couldn't keep themselves from admiring her boldness. While the four people were looking at her in a new light, the seriousness in Lilith's face disappeared and was replaced by a carefree expression.

"Although I said all that, that doesn't mean that I am not immune to love." Lilith eyed William with sparkling eyes. "I am the Sin of Greed. Just looking at you is enough for me to see gold coins jumping up and down. If you and I get married, wouldn't that mean that I'll be swimming in riches? I don't even have to work. I can even retire at the age of twenty!"

William's good impression of Lilith immediately disappeared. He was the type to leech and scam others, but the Sin of Greed was the professional in this regard.

The atmosphere inside the room became awkward, as Lilith stared at William as if he was a sack of gold coins waving at her, practically begging her to take him away.

Before anyone could even say anything to break the stalemate, another person entered the room. She glared at Lilith as if she was a thieving cat who planned to steal her lollipop.

"You've already talked to William, now scram!" Princess Sidonie declared as she stood between William and Lilith.

Clearly, she had no intention of sharing William with another sinner… Especially if the sin that they carried was Greed.