Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Chapter 677: Darling, She Bullied Us

Lilith stared at Princess Sidonie with a smirk. Ever since she had decided to stay at the Kraetor Empire, the Princess of Freesia had been aloof and avoided her like a plague.

However, now that William had returned, Princess Sidonie was like a mother hen protecting her egg from getting snatched by a greedy snake.

The two stared at each other. One was shooting daggers, the other, calm as a lake. After some time, a mischievous smile appeared on Lilith's face as she raised her hand and made a snatching move in the air.

"This is quite beautiful," Lilith said as she admired the item on her hand. "A collar made of Mithril? Such an intricate design. I wonder how much I could sell it for?"

Princess Sidonie's hand immediately moved to her neck. After sensing that the collar was no longer there, she immediately tried to snatch the collar on Lilith's hand, but the latter was quite agile and moved out of the way.

"Give that back to me!" Princess Sidonie shouted.

For her, the collar was her connection to William. It was her wedding ring, and an artifact that signified that she belonged to William. For her, it was the most important treasure in her possession and having it snatched away from her made her panic.

"I don't wanna." Lilith stuck her tongue out before sprinting out of the room. Since the door was already destroyed, there was no barring her way from running away.

"Give that back to me!" Princess Sidonie roared as she ran after Lilith.

The Amazon turned her head and laughed out loud as she ran like the wind. As a warrior, her physical prowess surpassed the Princess', who specialized in schemes and deceit. It didn't take long for her to leave her pursuer in the dust and leave the boy's dormitory.

Suddenly, Lilith's sixth sense warned her that something deadly was coming at her from behind.

The Amazon immediately jumped to the side, just in time to see a purple fireball decimate the place she had been running a moment ago.

Lilith frowned when she saw a beautiful lady whose hair fluttered in the breeze. Two batlike wings flapped behind her back, and two small horns protruded on her head.

A serpentine tail could be seen dangling behind her back, and her golden eyes were looking at the Amazon Princess with a murderous intent.

'I guess I really angered her this time,' Lilith thought as she looked at the Princess that had unleashed her power without caring about the consequences. 'Still, this is a good opportunity to see how strong she is.'

Lilith's expression became serious as several crystal swords appeared around her. She had also activated her Divinity and was planning to battle Sidonie when a hand pressed on her shoulder from behind.

"That's enough," a firm, yet unyielding voice said. The owner of the voice clearly implied that there was no room for negotiation. It even had a subtle killing intent that made Lilith's heart skip a beat.

Lilith frowned and turned her head. It had been a long time since someone had ordered her around. She wanted to see just who the idiot was who dared to touch her so casually. Those who had tried to do the same to her in the past had already turned into crystal statues.

A pair of clear, light-green eyes met hers. They were calm on the surface, but Lilith saw a glimpse of a storm hidden in their depths.

A storm that would devastate her if she did something funny.

"The collar," William stated. "Give it to me. That belongs to my lover."

Lilith's first reaction was to brush his hand away, but her battle sense was screaming at her to not do anything rash. William was not releasing an aura or activating any kind of power, but there was an invisible suppression that weighed on her like a mountain.

The Amazon didn't like this feeling. She didn't like being suppressed by others, because she had a rebellious heart. Even her mother, Empress Andraste, had trouble controlling her. However, right now, her intuition was telling her that if she didn't give this handsome Half-Elf the collar in her hands, she would regret it for life.

"… Here," Lilith replied as she obediently passed the collar to William.

William took the collar from her hand and smiled.

"Thank you," William removed the hand that was resting on Lilith's shoulder.

Immediately, the pressure that had been holding her in place disappeared without a trace. It was as if she was just imagining things.

William walked towards the succubus who was still glaring at Lilith from the sky.

"Come down, Morgana," William said. "It's over. There's no need to escalate the situation."

The beautiful succubus glared at Lilith one last time before descending towards the ground.

"Darling, she bullied us," Morgana complained.

"It's okay," William coaxed the disgruntled succubus as he gently placed the collar back on her neck. "I love you."

William then kissed Morgana's lips catching her by surprise. The succubus froze for a brief moment before returning William's kiss.

Several students, who had been alarmed due to the explosion, watched the Half-Elf and the beautiful Princess kiss without a care in the world.

The girls' felt their cheeks redden because for them, William was the most popular teenager in the continent right now.

The boys, on the other hand, wanted to curse out loud and swap places with William.

Bruh, if you want to kiss then go find a room and kiss. Can't you give us single people any mercy? We want that kind of action, too!

Sensing that more people were gathering around the surroundings, William was the first to back off. He then lightly pinched Morgana's cheek before whispering something in her ear. The latter had already undone her transformation, so no one was able to see her succubus form.

She then gave Lilith the grin of a victor before dragging William away with a big smile on her face.

Lilith watched this scene with a calm expression on her face, but deep inside her heart, a storm was raging.

She placed a hand over her chest in order to help calm her wildly beating heart. Several complicated emotions stirred in her being. There was surprise, anger, and jealousy, but what confused her was the feeling of being dominated.

Lilith had long joked with her mother that she wanted to have a dominating man that could conquer her heart, body, and soul. However, these were just mere words because she didn't believe that such a man would appear in her life.

For some reason, Lilith felt scared. She was afraid because, in that brief moment when William's hand was on her shoulder, she felt powerless. It was as if her power had abandoned her, and it made her feel weak, alone, and exposed to the world.

It was a very unnerving feeling and it made her feel insecure.

After calming her emotions, she left the scene with hurried steps and headed towards the residence where she had been staying in the academy.

William's voice and gaze still lingered in her mind. A part of her wanted to scream and repel the fear and weakness in her heart. The other half wanted to explore these new feelings that were making her feel unstable.

She believed that once she understood what these feelings meant, she would be able to break free from her current realm, and soar to greater heights.

"William Von Ainsworth," Lilith muttered… "You jerk."