Chapter 679: I Am Not The Prince Of Darkness

William's return to the Kraetor Empire had spread far and wide. Several high-ranking nobles had decided to visit the academy to form connections with him.

Emperor Leonidas and Evexius had ordered Gilbert to ban these nobles from entering the academy in order to not create a commotion. They had already talked to William and the latter agreed to hold a conference at a later date to discuss his experiences in the Tower of Babylon.

Of course, The Emperor, and the Grand Archmage had pestered William to tell them the full account of what happened in the 51st Floor. When the two men heard the Half-Elf's story, both of them looked at him in admiration.

However, there was one big problem and that was his marriage with Chiffon. In truth, Emperor Leonidas had no problem with it. In fact, he was even happy for the pink-haired girl.

Chiffon's mother, April, was once Emperor Leonidas' close friend. If not for the fact that his family had firmly warned him not to take her as his lover, things might have taken a different turn. Unfortunately, there were no If's, and the news of April's death had saddened him greatly.

His concern was mostly due to Chiffon's background. Her father held a very high position in the Demon Continent, and he might not take the news of her marriage lightly.

'Well, it doesn't matter,' Emperor Leonidas thought. 'Chiffon's happiness is more important than Luciel's anger.'

Emperor Leonidas was not afraid of Luciel's retaliation. If that darned demon really wanted to settle his accounts with him then the latter needed to leave the Demon Continent first. Knowing Luciel's attitude, he wouldn't dare leave his territory anytime in the future.

The politics in the Demon Continent were complicated. Some were even thinking of staging a civil war to overthrow his reign. Because of this, Luciel didn't have the time nor support to recruit sufficient manpower to threaten the Kraetor Empire.

'Still, I need to marry Sidonie to him as soon as possible,' Emperor Leonidas thought. 'A month after his battle at the Misty Sect should give us enough time to prepare. I just pray that the Amazon Princess will not get in the way…'

Since Lilith was Empress Andraste's daughter, and a guest in their Empire. He needed to give her some face.

'I just hope she won't do anything stupid like kidnapping William and dragging him back to the Amazon Empire,' Emperor Leonidas mused. Although this possibility was slim, the possibility still existed.

After having a lengthy talk with William, Emperor Leonidas and Evexius returned to the Royal Palace to make the necessary preparations.

--

"This is a bit troublesome," William muttered after he finished reading the handwritten letter from his mother, Arwen. "I'm one of the possible candidates to become the Prince of Darkness?"

After the defeat of the Elven Army, all the families that had been involved in the attack suffered severe repercussions from the Elven Council.

The Elders that belonged to these families were kicked out from the Council, and were banned from entering for the next five hundred years. Elves may have a long lifespan, but the loss of political power was a heavy blow to these families.

Also, it would take tens of thousands of years before these Elven Clans would be able to regain their peak strength. The reproduction of Elves wasn't as fast as the human race, and they had lost a lot of people in this war. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

This made William the mortal enemy of these families, but of them dared to seek revenge. They had already seen what William was capable of. If not for the fact that he had spared the Elven Women, the number of survivors might have only numbered in the hundreds.

Still, that didn't mean that the Elves would not keep an eye on him. As someone that was a candidate to become the Prince of Darkness, William was a lethal threat to their continued existence.

"Are you the Prince of Darkness?" Kenneth asked with a serious expression.

William snorted as he carefully stored Arwen's letter. "Prince of Darkness? As if."

"Big Brother, Prince of Darkness sounds cool," Chiffon said with a smile.

"Then, would you be my Princess of Darkness?"

"Un!"

Kenneth sighed as he shook his head helplessly. He could tell that William wasn't taking things seriously. Even so, he sincerely wished that William wasn't the Prince in the prophecy. Even though the Elves were currently afraid of antagonizing him, at the first sign of him turning into the prophesied Prince, they would throw all caution into the wind and unite to kill him.

William had a carefree expression on his face, but deep inside he had his doubts. When he was young, he had once fought side by side with Est, Ian, and Isaac at the Test of Courage.

Back then, he had been forced to activate the power of the collar of Wisteria. This allowed him to use the Prestige Class, Prince of Darkness, for a short period of time. William would be lying if he said that the possibility didn't exist, but he wasn't too worried about it.

His mother was the Saintess of the Elven Race. Even though he didn't get along with the Elves, that didn't mean that he would wish for their demise.

"Don't worry, I am not the Prince of Darkness," William said firmly. "I mean, do I look like an edgy character?"

"Yes." Kenneth nodded. "Very edgy."

The corner of William's lips twitched as he looked at his old roommate.

Bruh, there are some things that you shouldn't say.

Did you forget the time that I poked your face while you were sleeping in our dormitory room?

William sighed and sat down on his desk. He ignored Kenneth for the time being and started to write a letter to reply to his mother. Aside from Arwen's warning, she also told him that the King of the Elves would send a delegation headed by the Elven Princess, Princess Eowyn, to find him in the future.

The purpose of their visit was to mediate, and fix the rift between William and the Elven Race. This was the King's own way to atone for his inability to stop the war in the Southern Continent.

After writing his letter, he sealed it up properly and handed it to Kenneth.

"Send this message back to my mother," William said. "Also, send her my regards when you go back to the Silvermoon Continent."

Kenneth accepted the letter and frowned. "I will send this letter back to Master, but who told you I was going back to the Silvermoon Continent?"

"You're not?"

"No."

This time, it was William's turn to frown. He thought that Kenneth was only here as a messenger, and would return to the Silvermoon Continent after he received his reply. Looking at the expression on Kenneth's face, he could tell that the latter wasn't lying.

"Then, what are your future plans?" William asked.

Kenneth smiled as he crossed his arms over his chest. "Master told me to watch over you and ensure that you don't get into trouble. The Amazon Princess had already set her eyes on you, so she is bound to make her move soon. Don't worry. As long as I'm around, you'll be safe from her clutches."

William scratched his cheek as he stared at the delicate looking elf in front of him. He was very tempted to tell Kenneth that he had lost the battle against Lilith, so his words didn't sound too convincing.

Of course, for the sake of world peace, the Half-Elf didn't say his thoughts out loud… He could only sigh in his heart because of his unusual relationship with the members of the Seven Deadly Sins.