Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 680: Look For Someone Smart, And Trustworthy

William was busy adjusting the power of his Flame of Purification, while tossing things inside the Yin Yang Cauldron.

Today was the day that the Grand Conference would be held inside the academy. This Conference would be attended by Emperor Leonidas, as well as the high-ranking members of the nobility of the Kraetor Empire.

Of course, there were some special guests like the Ambassadors of the different Empires, Kingdoms, who wanted to see the Legendary Half-Elf who had accomplished the impossible.

In truth, William had no intention of meeting them face to face. Because of this, he decided to craft a special potion called the Phony Juice Potion.

After seeing that the concoction is almost finished, William summoned a small dagger in order to take a drop of his blood to add to the potion. This was the first time that he made this potion, so he was looking forward to its effects.

A few minutes later, the potion was finally done. He scooped it inside a vial and shook it properly.

"Looks good," William said with appreciation.

-

[ Phony Juice Potion ]

"What were you expecting, Pumpkin Juice?"

- Anyone who drinks this potion will transform into a perfect replica of the person whose blood is added to the potion.

- The effect of the transformation will last for an hour.

--

"WIth this, I won't have to personally go to that conference." William chuckled evilly. "I'm a genius!" Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Because of Kenneth's and Lilith's presence in the academy, William decided to lie low and hide in the Thousand Beast Domain. Right now, he wanted to challenge the Dungeon of Atlantis, and raise the level of his Job Classes.

The Half-Elf didn't want to use his Einherjar Job Class as much as possible because of the risk of losing his memories. Although his past life was tragic, it was filled with wonderful memories, so he didn't want to lose them.

"Do they really think that just because they wanted to see me, any Dick, Tom, and Harry can just come to the academy and demand my presence?" William snorted. "This Sir is busy. I have no time for socializing!"

The three Phony Juice Potions in his hand glowed in a golden light. Clearly, they were high-quality potions, and William was very proud of himself for succeeding on his first try.

"Now I just need to find some test subjects, I mean helpers, and I'll be free." William smirked before leaving the alchemy room.

Albert, William's no-good Fifth Master, was sleeping on the couch. Just a single glance was enough to tell William that his Alchemist Master had a colorful night because of the strong scent of womanly perfume on his body.

After discovering that Wiliam had already arrived at the academy, Albert had tried to drag him to the red-light district a day ago to have some fun. It was his way of celebrating William's coming of age, and even declared that he would shoulder all of the expenses.

It was quite unfortunate that Chiffon, Ian, Princess Sidonie, and Kenneth were with him when Albert showed up. Because of the deathly stares that were directed at Albert's body, the Alchemist decided to make a strategic retreat and went to the Red Light District without William.

William left Albert's residence and hurried back to his dormitory room. The Conference would be happening in two hours, and he wanted to escape as soon as possible.

Currently, Princess Sidonie and Ian were doing something together. Kenneth and Lilith had been given VIP seats in the conference room, so they weren't around for the time being.

After Lilith's and Princess Sidonie's incident, the Amazon Princess didn't show herself in front of William again. He didn't know if Lilith was only lying low for the time being, or the latter had completely given up on him.

In any case, William preferred to stay as far away from the greedy Amazon as possible. One look at Lilith and William could tell that she, him, and James, were the same type of people. If James were to see Lilith, the old coot would definitely ask her the question.

"Are you perhaps one of my long lost granddaughters? I can tell that the blood of bandits runs deep in your veins."

William chuckled at this thought. He had thrown all responsibilities to James and left the Tower of Babylon. He didn't feel guilty doing so because he knew that James had come to the tower for the sole purpose of guarding their family's possessions.

As long as the old bandit took the helm, no other bandits would be able to even touch a single gold coin from their family's purse. In fact, these bandits would even lose their own money if they dared to come within his reach!

"Welcome back, Big Brother," Chiffon greeted William as soon as he entered the room.

William planted a kiss on her cheeks before handing her one of the potions in his hand.

"Chiffon, I need a favor," William said. "Look for someone smart, and trustworthy in the Thousand Beast Domain and let them drink this. This potion is called the Phony Juice Potion. Anyone who drinks it will transform into me for an hour.

"Take the 'fake' me to the conference room, and let him answer the questions of the nobility. I will go to the Dungeon of Atlantis to play a bit. After the conference is over, you can come and join me."

Chiffon obediently nodded her head.

"Look for someone smart, and trustworthy. Bring them to the conference room to answer questions," Chiffon repeated William's words. "Leave this to me, Big Brother. I won't let you down!"

"I know you won't." William patted her head lovingly before disappearing. He didn't want to take any chances, so he decided to leave while he still could. If Emperor Leonidas or Evexius suddenly came knocking on his door, it would be too late to escape then.

Chiffon looked at the potion for a while and pondered for a bit.

"Someone smart, and trustworthy…," Chiffon muttered.

A few seconds later, she made up her mind and called for one of the smartest, and trustworthy friends she currently had.

"B1, come!" Chiffon said.

Immediately, a portal appeared and a red bird flew out of it. After encircling the room once, B1 landed in front of Chiffon and looked at her with curiosity.

"B1, I need your help." Chiffon started to explain William's errand to him and the bird nodded its head in understanding.

"You looked for the right person, i mean, right bird." B1 used its right wing to pat its chest with confidence. "This is a piece of cake to me."

Chiffon smiled and nodded her head. She praised herself for choosing the right bird for the job.

-

Two hours later…

The conference room was already crowded with people. Nobles, students, professors, and other influential figures had gathered to witness William's interview.

Emperor Leonidas and Evexius were also there to show their presence, and give their support to William.

Gilbert scanned the crowd, and decided to start the interview session. He rose from his seat and stood on the platform to address everyone in the room.

"We are gathered here today to witness the birth of a Legend," Gilbert said. "A student of our academy had done the impossible, and he had agreed to come here today to answer everyone's questions. Without further delay, allow me to present to you, William Von Ainsworth!"

A thunderous applause followed his announcement, and cheers erupted from the crowd.

It was also at that moment when a handsome Half-Elf walked from the backdoor of the conference room. William waved and smiled at the crowd, which made the cheering louder.

Princess Sidonie, Ian, Kenneth, and Lilith were seated at the front row seats and eyed the red-headed teenager who had a smug expression on his face.

"William" didn't pay any attention to them and headed to the raised platform. He was wearing a princely black uniform, and it highlighted the color of his hair and eyes. Some of the girls squealed when William entered the room.

The Half-Elf glanced at the girls and gave them a playful wink which made them giggle in their seats. These exchanges didn't escape the high-ranking nobles of the Kraetor Empire and their plan of honey-trapping William was reignited in their minds.

After a while, the applause ended, and the Half-Elf nodded his head in acknowledgement

"Good day everyone," William said with a devilish smile on his face. "Nice to meet all of you…

"You filthy Motherf*ckers."