Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 681: What Are You Looking At B*tch?

"Nice to meet all of you… You filthy Motherf*ckers."

The once lively conference room immediately quieted down after hearing William's words.

Princess Sidonie, Ian, Kenneth, and Lilith looked at William in confusion. The same could be said for Emperor Leonidas, Evexius, and Gilbert. They never expected the Half-Elf to give such a "strong" opening greeting to the people who had come to see him. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Only Chiffon, who was seated beside Princess Sidonie, looked calm. She even had a smile on her face as she softly patted Bacon's head, who was resting on her lap.

"Shall we start the interview?" William asked. "I'm a busy person. I will appreciate it if you F*ckers don't waste my time."

The corner of Gilbert's lips twitched. As the Headmaster of the Academy, he felt embarrassed because he had spread the news that William was the most talented student under his wing.

He even said that the Half-Elf was very polite and respectful to other people. Now that the bastard was spouting profanity left and right, he felt that he was about to have a migraine.

Gilbert had no choice but to diffuse the situation and stood beside William.

"William is still a little tired from his journey," Gilbert said. "Forgive him for being cranky. I forced him to have an interview."

William snorted as he gave Gilbert a sidelong glance.

"At least you know that you were the one in the wrong," William replied. "Next time, don't bother me with this nonsense."

Gilbert smiled as he placed his hands behind his back. He was afraid that if he didn't clasp them together, he might slap the red-headed teenager silly for being a stupid wingman.

Boy, what the f*ck?

How could you do this to me, bro?

I'm doing this for you, you ungrateful bastard!

The Headmaster of Silverwind Academy was starting to regret hosting the conference. If he only knew that William would be this snarky, he would have just stayed in his office and done paperwork.

"Any questions?" William asked.

In the second row of the conference room, a pretty lady in her early twenties raised her hand.

William nodded his head and made a gesture for her to ask her question.

"According to what I heard, the 51st Floor has been known to be unconquerable. Sir William, how did you manage to clear it?" the pretty lady asked.

This was the question that had been on everyone's mind, and they were dying to know how the handsome Half-Elf had been able to overcome the impossible.

"The 51st Floor is indeed a very difficult floor to clear," William answered. "The Guardian of this Floor had broken the taboo and actively tampered with the trial. Anyone that had stepped on this floor would be besieged by countless bloodsucking creatures.

"Once they were reduced to a weakened state, the Guardian would then use his authority to forcefully take their consciousness into a dreamworld. In that illusionary world, the person's greatest fears, sadness, loneliness, and other negative emotions will be magnified until they were overcome by their Heart Devil."

William paused for a moment to help the listeners digest the information he had given them. When he felt that the time was right to continue, he finished the rest of his explanation.

"Once the heart devil reached its maturity, that person became a lifeless puppet and his heart would be eaten by the Guardian.," William explained. "The stronger the person, the more power the Guardian was able to absorb. Belial, the Guardian of the 51st Floor, intended to break the shackle that bound him to the floor.

Although I am not a hundred percent certain, I believe that he wanted to escape the tower and become an Overlord in the Central Continent. Fortunately, I arrived and prevented his plan from succeeding."

The listeners were shocked by William's narration of the events that had happened in the Tower. Because of this, their impression of William rose to a higher level, and they had already forgotten the profanities he had hurled at them earlier.

"Thank you for answering," the pretty lady smiled sweetly. Suddenly an idea came to her head. She knew that her chances were slim, but she still decided to give it a try. "Sir William, you are my idol! Can I have your babies?"

William flipped his hair before raising his chin arrogantly.

"B*tch, fall in line like everyone else." William snorted. "The number of girls that want to have my babies are as numerous as the stars in the sky. Wait for your turn."

Instead of being intimidated, the pretty lady even winked back at William. She didn't mind his arrogant behavior. In fact, she loved it! Several beautiful ladies inside the conference room even used this opportunity to give William some flirtatious glances.

Clearly, they didn't take William's words to heart. Strong individuals had the right to become arrogant, and for them, the handsome Half-Elf had the qualifications to be arrogant.

"Next question," William scanned the crowd. "I don't have all day."

Another person raised his hand, but this time, it was a First Year Student of the academy.

"Those who manage to clear the unconquered floors of the tower become the owner of that floor, am I right?" the First Year Student asked.

William nodded. "That's right."

"Then, how come you became the owner of the other floors as well? The world-wide announcement even said that the previous families were exiled from the Tower. What exactly happened? Is this a special privilege that you got from conquering the 51st Floor?"

While the First Year Student was asking his question, William was busy combing his hair and looking at the mirror. This act made the corner of Princess Sidonie's, Ian's, and Kenneth's lips twitch.

They knew that William was narcissistic, but they didn't expect him to be this carefree during an interview, where there are countless eyes looking at him.

Lilith raised an eyebrow as she eyed the red-headed teenager in front of her.

Perhaps it was only a coincidence, but William seemed to have sensed Lilith's gaze and glanced at her direction. Although he didn't say anything, his expression was saying. "What are you looking at, B*tch?"

Before Lilith could even react to William's contemptuous stare, the Half-Elf shifted his attention to the First Year who had asked him a question.

"There is no special privilege," William answered. "Those ruling families were kicked out of the tower because I didn't like how they treated the challengers of the Tower. It was one thing for the challengers to fail, but those who did were captured and turned into slaves.

"I don't tolerate slavery and human traficking. Since that is the case, I blackmaile-, negotiated with the Guardians and had them expelled from the Tower. Those Motherf*ckers had it coming to them the moment I conquered the 51st Floor."

"I see, thank you for the answer," the First Year said with a look of admiration. "Sir William, you're my Idol as well. Once I graduate from the academy, I wish to be as amazing as you."

"Well, it doesn't hurt to dream." William nodded. "Although you can't be as handsome and as amazing as me, you can still fight for second place. Don't be like Prince Jason, that b*tch is a no-good bastard that only knows how to covet the wife of others. Don't be like him. He is a disgrace to the Kraetor Empire."

Fortunately, Prince Jason wasn't in the conference room and was saved from William's slander.

Unfortunately, the rest of the members of the Royal Family were there, including Princess Vanessa, who was glaring daggers at William for throwing dirt on her beloved's name.

Even the smile on Emperor Leonidas' face stiffened because of William's disregard for the member of the Royal Family. In the end, he just sighed in his heart and turned a blind eye to the Half-Elf's words.

The Emperor knew full well that Prince Jason was indeed in love with Princess Sidonie. However, he couldn't allow his feelings to come to fruition.

Now that William's fame had traveled far across the land, the Emperor had also become firm in his decision to marry Princess Sidonie to the Half-Elf whose prestige couldn't be ignored.

Several more questions were asked, and William answered them with eloquence. Of course, he would insert a few profanities here and there, but after a few rounds of snarky replies, everyone had already gotten used to it.

The reason why B1 was able to answer all the questions properly was due to the fact that he was Chiffon's Beast Companion.

They shared a connection and were able to talk to each other via telepathy. Chiffon provided the answers, and B1 twisted it to his own language.

If only William was there to see the dumb bird ruin his reputation, he would have definitely summoned a lightning bolt and ended the blabbermouth for spouting profanities left and right.