Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 682: Elliot’s And Conan’s Teamwork

A deafening screech echoed in the enclosed battlefield on the 70th Floor of the Atlantis Dungeon, announcing the arrival of the Boss Monster, Scylla.

This monster was a ten-meter-tall giant, with six heads, and twelve dangling tentacles like those of an octopus. Five of its heads were made up of water serpents, and the middle body was made up of a beautiful woman with dark-blue hair.

Her bloodshot eyes gazed down on William as she uttered another deafening screech that created a shockwave in the surroundings.

"My goodness! This girl has anger issues," Elliot said as tendrils of lightning snaked around his hands.

The angelic skirt chaser was an offensive type familiar. He specialized in long range attacks using lightning bolts, while his counterpart, Conan specialized in defense.

Conan had already summoned his deathscythe and floated in front of William. His role was the "tank" of the group, and a fearless smile was plastered on his face.

"Kekeke." Conan chuckled. "Come, our battle will be legendary."

Both of William's Familiars were now at the Centennial Rank. William had almost maxed out the Familiamancer Job Class. He was confident that after this boss battle was over, he would reach the Max level of his newest Prestige Class.

Erchitu, Kasogonaga, Psoglav, Mohawk (leader of the Cercopes Monkeys), Jareth (the Goblin Paladin), Xerxes (Hobgoblin Arcane Witch Doctor) and Dazz (Goblin Warmonger) took their positions around William.

The Half-Elf was in the middle of the battle formation and had his arms crossed over his chest. He was busy appraising Scylla, and checking the information of the Boss Monster that was surrounded by the dozen Millennial Sea Serpents that served as her guards.

--

[ Scylla ]

-- Boss Monster

-- Cursed Sea Nymph

-- Threat Level: SSR (Low)

-- Myriad Beast

-- Cannot be added to the herd

- There was once a beautiful sea nymph who captured the heart of the God of the Seas. However, a jealous witch turned her into a monster that preyed on sailors crossing her territory.

- Her powerful tentacles could easily crush a ship and bring it into the murky depths of the sea. When angered, she releases an ear piercing shriek that paralyzes her opponents with the Fear Status, and weakens their mental resistance against mind affecting spells.

- This monster's attack deals an additional 30% damage if its opponent is a male.

—

"What a pitiful monster," William said before putting a chocolate lollipop inside his mouth.

The effect of the chocolate lollipop was Willpower [EX]. This was the perfect counter to Scylla's abilities because it gave them immunity against Fear, and high resistances against spells that affect the mind.

Due to William's skill, Herd Immunity, all the buffs and resistances he had would automatically be acquired by his Herd and King's Legion.

Except for Elliot and Conan, all of William's party members were already at the Millennial Rank. They looked at the Bodyguards of the boss fearlessly, while leaving the main dish to the Half-Elf who was leader of this dungeon raid. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"Let's go," William ordered as he charged towards the Boss Monster with Elliot and Conan flying on his left and right side.

Erchitu, Kasogonaga, Psoglav, Mohawk, Jareth, and Dazz ran behind him and all of them were looking forward to a great battle.

Scylla raised her trident and several magic circles appeared around her. A few seconds later, contracted water blasts shot out towards William and the rest of his party. The power of the attack was equivalent to the impact of a bullet train.

"Kekeke! Leave this to me- hey!"

William hurriedly grabbed Conan's body and dodged to the side. Although the familiar specialized in defense, the Half-Elf knew that he wouldn't be able to take a full-powered magic spell fired by a Myriad Beast.

"Conan, don't face her magical attacks head-on," William ordered as he freed the familiar whose face was suffering from injustice. "You've already died once when you tried to block the water spear of the Water Dragon on the 60th Floor. Don't take your chances when fighting a Myriad Beast."

Conan patted his chest with confidence as he flew beside William. "Don't worry. I learned my lesson earlier. My plan is to just deflect the attacks and not face it head-on!"

William glanced at the confident looking familiar and decided to give him a chance. His purpose of fighting in the Dungeon of Atlantis was to raise the level of his Familiamancer Job Class, and build his teamwork with Elliot and Conan.

Since the Familiamancer Job Class was now a permanent Job Class that was placed in his second subclass slot, he would be able to summon Elliot and Conan without switching classes.

The battle became heated as both sides clashed.

William waved his hand and several ice spikes jutted out of the ground, moving towards Scylla. The Myriad Beast was unperturbed and easily dealt with the threat by a single wave of her trident.

William pressed his palms together and activated the skill Icycle Realm, covering the entire battlefield with shards of ice, which briefly slowed the movement of the Boss Monster and her minions.

William wanted to get close to the monster, but the six serpentine heads of Scylla were not just for show. They continuously sprayed William with water attacks that were strong enough to instantly kill a Class A Monster.

The Half-Elf was currently using his Ice Wizard Job Class. He hadn't given this Job Class much attention after acquiring the Elemental Lord Prestige Class. Currently, the Ice Wizard was stuck at Level 30, and there were still twenty levels before the Job Class was maxed out.

He intended to upgrade this Job Class to the next level in order to fight Rebecca in the duel that would be happening soon. Although Aamon had restricted him from jumping to the Saint Rank, he didn't think much about it.

As long as his Job Classes had reached their max levels, William was confident that he could take whatever Rebecca threw at him.

William and Scylla had exchanged several long range attacks, and were currently at a stalemate. Even though Elliot was firing lightning bolts left and right, the Boss Monster was a tough cookie to crack.

Even though the angelic familiar was dealing continuous damage, alongside William, the boss' tankiness was able to endure their attacks without problems.

"Here it comes!" Conan saw dozens of magic circles appearing around Scylla and prepared to deflect the attack that William wouldn't be able to dodge.

Conan had the skill Calculus and Tactician, which allowed him to do quick computations inside his head. This was a very crucial ability for the Defender Job Class because it would allow them to take the optimal position to block, or deflect attacks in the battlefield.

Just as he expected, William was able to dodge most of the attacks, but was still susceptible to getting hit.

"Hah!" Conan shouted as he summoned several shields that deflected the attack to the side.

Seeing that he had successfully accomplished his mission, the Devil Familiar laughed, but it was short-lived.

"F*ck! Who was the bastard that attacked me from behind!" Kasogonaga roared in anger. "Come and fight me, you coward!"

If not for the fact that its battle instincts had kicked in, warning it from the danger coming from behind him, Kasogonaga might have been hit by the water ball that Conan had deflected earlier.

Conan lightly coughed as he pretended not to hear his teammates' complaint. It was an honest mistake, and they were in the middle of the battle, so he decided to apologize to the rainbow-colored anteater after the battle was over.

The battle continued, and William's party members were able to reduce the number of Millennial Sea Snakes that were guarding Scylla. The Boss Monster had also lost one of her heads after Wiliam unleashed several Glacial Lance, when Elliot and Conan gave him the perfect opportunity to unleash this deadly barrage at close range.

"I had forgotten how tough it is to fight against a Myriad Beast when I'm not using Heroic Avatar and the Einherjar Job Class," William muttered as he panted for breath.

He had long gotten used to fighting with the power of a Saint, so it was hard when his attacks didn't have enough power to deal heavy injuries to an opponent that was several ranks higher than him.

The Heroic Avatar allowed him to jump to the Peak of the Saint Rank. This was the very first Trump Card he had obtained after his second visit to the Temple of the Gods.

Sun Wukong's strength had paved the way for his victory on the battlefield during the Elven Invasion. If not for its short duration, William would have been able to fight unhindered in the battlefield. Currently, this was the strongest Trump Card available to him at this point in time.

The Einherjar Job Class, on the other hand, allowed him to fight at the initial stages of the Saint Rank. The only advantage of this class was its ability to create perfect replicas of himself, which gave all of them the power of a Saint in its initial stages.

During his battle against Bellial and Chloee, William had used his skill, Heroes of Valhalla, to create thirteen copies of him. That was equivalent to thirteen saints that wielded Legendary Weapons, which allowed him to gain the upperhand against stronger enemies.

"Well, I guess this is fine as well," William said with a smile. "This is the perfect training for my upcoming battle at the Misty Sect."

The Half-Elf skated around the battlefield by freezing the floor under his feet. He knew that Rebecca specialized in Ice Magic, so he was familiarizing himself with different tactics that he could use to use her specialty to his advantage.

'I wonder how the conference went,' William thought as he dodged another long range spell from the Boss Monster. Although he felt a little guilty about pushing the responsibility to others, he really didn't want to be tied up socializing with other people at this point in time.

For the time being, he had decided to dedicate his time to training in the Dungeon of Atlantis for his upcoming battle. He was confident that his dependable wife, Chiffon, would choose the right candidate to attend the conference for him.

Setting thoughts of the conference aside, William focused on fighting the boss monster in front of him, while observing Elliot's and Conan's teamwork.

He was quite surprised that both of them were able to perform coordinated attacks, alongside his own, giving him opportunities to land a devastating blow on his opponent at the right moment.

William was confident that, given enough time, his two Familiars would also step into the Millennial Rank, which would make them more powerful.

Although they were still a far cry from his Sixth Master, Chloee, William was still happy because he had gained two dependable partners that would make his life more colorful.