Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 683: Go For The Kill! Gaebolg!

[ Ding! ]

[ Gained Exp: 1,200,000 ]

[ Congratulations! You have slain a Millennial Beast! ]

[ You have acquired Millennial-Grade Beast Core! ]

--

[ Gained Exp: 1,200,000 ]

[ Congratulations! You have slain a Millennial Beast! ]

[ You have acquired Millennial-Grade Beast Core! ]

--

[ Gained Exp: 1,200,000 ]

[ Gained Exp: 1,200,000 ]

----

[ Ding!

[ Ice Wizard has increased a Level! ]

[ Gained Exp: 1,200,000 ]

[ Gained Exp: 1,200,000 ]

[ Familiamancerhas increased a Level! ]

[ Gained Exp: 1,200,000 ]

[ Gained Exp: 1,200,000 ]

---

William heard several notification sounds inside his head, but he ignored all of them. He was currently unleashing a barrage of attacks on the Boss Monster alongside Elliot, and Conan.

Erchitu, Kasogonaga, Psoglav, and the rest of William's party members fought against the Millennial Sea Serpents and killed them using their impeccable teamwork. These three were already buddies for a long time, so their teamwork had also taken form.

As long as Kasogonaga didn't go out of line, their combined strength could make anyone below the rank of Demigod feel constipated.

William's role was to deal with the Scylla and prevent her from reinforcing its subordinates. Although he was able to keep it at bay, the Boss Monster wouldn't be going down anytime soon.

The Boss of the 70th Floor had a strong regenerative ability like a Hydra. Even the damage that William had dealt to one of its heads had recovered in less than a minute.

"Mine and Elliot's damage are not enough to beat this Boss," William thought as he created an icicle bridge in the air to evade Scylla's AOE attacks. "I'll just wait for the others to finish fighting against the mobs. It will not be too late to gang bang this boss later."

Even though William couldn't kill the boss with his current strength, the Scylla was not able to hurt him either.

As someone who had fought against Myriad Beasts, and Pseudo Demigods, the Half-Elf was no longer an amateur when it came to fighting against strong opponents. Since Aamon had told him that he couldn't jump ranks in his battle with Rebecca, he decided to take his training seriously.

"Gaah!"

Conan slammed on the wall after blocking an attack that was meant for William.

Elliot immediately took the front and unleashed a barrage of lightning bolts that were aimed at the Scylla's eyes, which made the Boss Monster take a step back, and prevented her from continuing her follow up attack.

"Conan, are you hurt?" William asked using telepathy.

The Devil Familiar flew out of the wall and smiled. "I'm not hurt! That attack wasn't even enough to scratch me!"

"… Right," William replied as the corner of his lips twitched.

Conan's nose was bleeding, and blood was seeping at the corner of his lips. Clearly, he was not alright, and was merely acting tough in front of William. The Half-Elf could see his Familiar's stats so it was very easy for him to tell that Conan was at his limit.

-

[ Conan ]

Health Points: 2,185 / 20,000

Mana: 120 / 200

--

"Heal!" William pointed his finger at Conan, and the latter's body shone.

As a Familiamancer, he had the ability to heal his Familiars during battle. This allowed them to battle continuously even if they took continuous damage from the enemy.

--

[ Conan ]

Health Points: 8,185 / 20,000

Mana: 120 / 200

—

William used two more healing spells on Conan before the latter's health was filled up. After it had regained his vigor, the Devil Familiar charged into battle with a fearless laugh and helped Elliot deal with the Boss Monster, whose subordinates had now been completely wiped out.

"I'm Rolling!"

Kasogonaga's adorable shout spread across the room. The two-meter tall wrecking ball slammed on the side of Scylla's body, pushing it a few meters from where it stood.

"Together!" William ordered and his team encircled the Boss Monster on all sides.

Scylla's tentacles lashed out in every direction, sending Erchitu and Jareth slamming towards the wall of the dungeon.

William was very agile, so it was very easy for him to dodge the Boss Monster's attack, but Erchitu and Jareth were not agile enough to evade the powerful tentacles at close range. Scylla screeched in anger, because she was now being besieged in all directions.

Xerxes fired several debuff spells at the screeching monster in order to weaken it. After its evolution, the Hobgoblin Arcane Witch Doctor had learned Multicast, which allowed it to fire multiple spells at the same time.

This made Xerxes a powerful magical turret that could both damage and curse its enemies using the spells on his arsenal. Similar to Psoglav, it could now create a doppelganger of itself, making it a force to be reckoned with on the battlefield.

Eight floating Spectral Hands, unleashed Void Arrows, Contagions, Deadly Venoms, and Confuse Rays, simultaneously. It didn't take long before Scylla was drowned out by this unholy barrage that made her continue to lose her edge, while being besieged by William's party.

Dazz uttered a warcry as it cleaved one of the tentacles that was holding Psoglav in a crushing embrace. The Demonic Dog fell on the ground with a thud.

"Thanks Dazz, I owe you one," Psoglav said as it wiped away the blood that had seeped out at the corner of its lips.

Dazz only grunted and resumed hacking away at the Scylla's body. Although the time that it had spent with the other monsters in the Thousand Beast Domain was short, it didn't shy away from interacting with them.

The Demonic Dog summoned two black swords and hurled them at one of the Serpentine Heads that was about to unleash another water blast, preventing it from unleashing its deadly attack.

Slowly, but surely, William's team hacked away the Boss Monster's health. Half an hour later, five of the Serpentine Heads were destroyed, and Scylla's main body was bleeding all over.

Seeing an opportunity, William created an icicle bridge, propelling himself towards the Boss Monster's head. He was holding a crimson spear in his hand and its tip glowed bloody red. Scylla uttered a scream of defiance, but her reaction time was too slow to block William's finishing blow. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"Go for the kill!" William roared. "Gaebolg!"

William threw the spear with all of its might, embedding it on Scylla's forehead. A pained shriek echoed inside the dungeon as several red lines, similar to a spiderweb, spread across the Boss Monster's body, with the spear at its center.

A few moments later, the Boss Monster's body erupted in a fountain of blood and collapsed with eyes filled with unwillingness.

William and the others didn't lower their guard and continued to attack the fallen monster, until a series of notifications appeared in his status page, confirming that the boss had finally died.

---

[ Gained Exp: 25,900,000 ]

[ Congratulations! You have slain a Myriad Beast! ]

[ You have acquired Myriad-Grade Beast Core! ]

[ Special Monster First Kill Bonus Exp: 10,500,000 ]

[ Ding! ]

[ Ice Wizard Job Class has reached its Max Level! ]

[ Would you like to advance to the next Job Class? ]

[ Yes / No ]

[ Ding! ]

[ Familiamancer Job Class has reached its Max Level! ]

[ This Job Class needs to undergo the Progenitor Ceremony before advancing to the next class. Until then, the Job Class Advancement will be put on hold. ]

--

William panted as he wiped away the sweat on his forehead. Although Scylla was only at the initial stages of the Myriad Beast Rank, it was still a very tough opponent to beat.

"With this, I can now upgrade the Ice Wizard to Ice Sovereign," William thought. "The advancement of the Familiamancer Job Class will have to wait until I visit Celeste at the Hestia Academy. For now, I will focus on the Ice Sovereign and upgrade it to its max level."

While William was checking his status page, Psoglav, and Kasogona hurried to the Scylla's body and started to look for its Beast Core.

The Demonic Dog stabbed Scylla's head and pried it open, while Kasogonaga dug into Scylla's chest to try its luck.

Usually, the core of monsters appear in its head or chest. Since the scavenger duo wanted to reach a higher rank, they shamelessly took the initiative to look for the Myriad Core in order to consume it as soon as possible.

"Haha! The core is mine!" Kasogonaga's adorable and triumphant voice could be heard from the Boss Monster's chest which made Psoglav's expression turn pale.

"Dammit!" Psoglav cursed. "What rotten luck!"

Kasogonaga happily bit on the core and ate as fast as it could. The rainbow-colored anteater knew that the Demonic Dog was petty, so it didn't dare to show it off because there was a high chance that Psoglav would steal it.

In order to reach its former rank, the Deity of the Sky ate like a hamster until its cheeks were all puffed out.

William could only shake his head helplessly at this development. Fortunately, the system's reward was automatically sent inside his storage, so he didn't have to worry about the two beasts fighting for the Myriad Core.

"Let's go back," William ordered. "Tell the Angray Birds to scout the 71st Floor first before you let anyone explore it. It is better to be safe than sorry."

Erchitu and Jareth nodded their heads. They were William's Commanding officers and were in charge of the deployment of beasts in the Dungeon of Atlantis.

Unlike the Angray Birds that could respawn after getting killed, the other monsters didn't have this ability. This was why, everytime a new floor was unlocked, they would send the Rainbow Birds to scout, and record the strength of the monsters on the floor, before allowing the exploration teams to enter.

This prevented senseless deaths from happening, and kept William's herd, and legion, at its top fighting condition.

"With this, I am only thirty floors away from conquering this Dungeon," William mused. "I need to step up my game, while waiting for my father's acquaintance to unlock the full power of the Dungeon Conqueror Job Class. Once this Job Class is unlocked… I will be able to raise an army that will not fall short from Malacai's Undying Legion."

His agreement with Malacai was nearing its end. Soon, the Dracolich would be able to shatter the shackles that bound him.

William wasn't sure what changes would happen once the Lord of the Undead was free to roam the world of Hestia, but he wasn't too worried about it. He had already made a deal with the Dracolich, and the latter had made an oath to uphold it.

Deep inside, William felt that Malacai wasn't a bad person. He didn't know why he felt this way. The only thing he knew was that although Malacai and the undead army looked imposing, they were still the army that protected the last bastion of humanity, Avalon.

Due to this, William was willing to give them the benefit of the doubt.