Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 685 - Make Me Feel What It’s Like To Be Loved, Even If It’s Fake

(Disclaimer: This Chapter contains mild R-18 scenes. If you are not comfortable reading this kind of setting, feel free to skip this chapter.)

Princess Vanessa arrived at the Whispering Wind Tavern and found Prince Jason drinking alone in one of the rooms that were reserved for the Royal Family.

She happily went to his side, and offered to pour drinks for him. Prince Jason sighed and agreed to her request, which made the Princess very happy.

The conference had ended a few days ago and she was still feeling the aftereffects of "William's" cursing. She had already had a bad impression of the red-headed teenager from long ago. Now, her impression of him had hit rock bottom.

She was also secretly happy that her grandfather, Emperor Leonidas, Evexius, and Gilbert were angry at William. The princess was hoping that the three great men of the Kraetor Empire would teach the Half-Elf a lesson and bring him down a peg.

"How did he clear the 51st Floor?" Prince Jason asked. He didn't go to the conference because he knew that he wouldn't be able to stop himself from feeling envious and jealous of the Half-Elf's achievement.

Ever since he had lost against Lilith in the Tournament of Champions, Prince Jason had felt inferior to William and didn't want to see him face to face. He thought that with the help of Aamon's Artifact, he would emerge as the Champion and finally be able to show the world that he was way better than the Half-Elf who had become Princess Sidonie's fiance.

Princess Vanessa placed the bottle of wine back on the table as she narrated everything that William had said about the 51st Floor.

The more Prince Jason heard about the trial of the Devil's Floor, the more he felt that the distance between him and William was growing.

While the Prince was deep in his thoughts, Princess Vanessa went to get another bottle of wine for her beloved because the previous one was already empty. Since Prince Jason was not focused on her, she secretly slid a fast acting pill into the wine and gave the bottle a brief shake before returning to the table.

She then poured the wine on her cousin's mug, and the latter drank it without much thought.

An hour later, she noticed that her beloved's cheeks were already flushed and his breathing had started to turn ragged.

"I, think it's… time… for me to go back," Prince Jason said with difficulty. His thoughts were in disarray and he was starting to feel hot and bothered. It was at this point that he realized that his cousin had spiked his drink, and his reasoning was starting to fade away.

Knowing that she had succeeded, Princess Vanessa pressed her body against her cousin's body, allowing her fragrance to further confuse his senses.

"Big Brother, forget about that country bumpkin Princess. I will give you my heart, body, and soul, so take me, and enjoy me to your heart's content," Vanessa whispered. Her voice was filled with temptation and seduction.

She was secretly thanking William for leaving her cousin in his current depressed state. If Prince Jason was at his peak state, even she had to think thrice before trying to spike his drink. Since she had already succeeded, Princess Vanessa decided to take the initiative and claim her cousin as her own.

Princess Vanessa firmly held Prince Jason's hand and took him to the bedroom.Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

(A/N: The rooms that were reserved for the Royal Family in the Whispering Tavern have their own bedroom where they can rest after drinking until they get wasted.)

Soon, the sounds of ragged breathing and rustling of clothes echoed inside the room. Prince Jason did his best to hold on to the little bit of sanity inside him, because he knew that once he crossed the line, it would be difficult for him to get out of the current situation.

Unfortunately, Princess Vanessa came prepared. Aside from the pill that he had added to the wine bottle, the fragrance and the lipstick she wore were specially made to befuddle someone's senses.

This three pronged attack made Prince Jason's struggle futile. Princess Vanessa kissed him passionately over and over, until Prince Jason's final shred of resistance snapped.

The proud Prince of the Kraetor Empire had finally fallen and was completely at the Princess' mercy.

Even though it was her first time, there was no hesitation in her mind. She was the one that straddled Prince Jason and offered her maidenhood to him. Just like a priestess offering a sacrifice to her god, blood was spilt and it dyed the bed sheets with the color of her innocence.

"You're finally mine," Princess Vanessa whispered in Prince Jason's ears. She didn't care if her cousin was not in his normal state of mind. This had been her goal for a very long time, and the feeling of conquest made her feel that she had everything under her control.

She surrendered herself to the pleasure and moved her hips without pause. It was as if she was yearning for something. Something that would bind her beloved to her and prevent him from slipping from her grasp.

Soon, she heard a low grunt, and something hot and powerful spurted inside her. For a brief moment, her mind went blank due to the feeling of euphoria that grasped her body.

As she panted for breath, she looked into Prince Jason's eyes which seemed to have recovered a bit of their sanity.

"I love you," Princess Vanessa said as she looked straight into his eyes. "I have loved you for a very long time. I know you don't love me, but I don't care about that. Even if you don't want to take responsibility, I will not say a word. However, tonight, make me yours. Make me feel what it's like to be loved, even if it's fake."

Princess Vanessa's almost pleading tone reached Prince Jason's ears, and a complicated emotion flickered inside the depths of his heart.

After pouring out her feelings, Princess Vanessa hugged Prince Jason's neck and once again moved her hips.

Once was not enough.

She wanted to feel him more.

She wanted to take his everything.

It was at that moment when a sigh escaped Prince Jason's lips.

Suddenly, Princess Vanessa felt a hand draw her head to rest against his chest, while Prince Jason's other arm wrapped around her waist, holding her in place.

Soon, a powerful thrust made her cry out loud. Her body shuddered as Prince Jason started to take the initiative and explore her depths.

Princess Vanessa didn't resist and allowed the storm to wash over her. Their roles were reversed, and now, she was the one that was completely at his mercy. The princess' young, and lithe body was pressed over Prince Jason's strong and powerful chest, accepting everything that he was willing to give her.

A few minutes later, both of them reached the peak and Princess Vanessa's body shuddered uncontrollably. She felt like fainting, but she held on using her willpower and bit Prince's Jason shoulder, drawing blood.

As the two of them panted for breath they once again stared at each other's eyes.

Several heartbeats later, the sound of kissing spread inside the room.

This time, Princess Vanessa tasted its sweetness. It was no longer a one-sided kiss, but a kiss that both of them shared.

As a tear slid down the side of her face, the Princess of the Kraetor Empire finally felt at peace.

Although it was only a fleeting happiness, her heart, and body, was satisfied. Not long after, she fell asleep. Prince Jason looked at the sleeping princess' face for half a minute, before he, too, closed his eyes to sleep.

—--

Prince Maximilian sipped the wine in his glass and looked at the moon outside the balcony. His room was right beside Prince Jason's. A few hours ago, he ordered the manager to close the tavern and chase out the remaining guests.

Simply put, he had reserved the entire tavern for the night in the name of the Royal Family. The manager didn't dare to reject his order and reluctantly closed his business to accommodate the Royal Family.

"Congratulations, Vanessa," Prince Maximilian said softly. "Although it was only for a night, you were able to realize the dream that you have chased for so many years."

A complicated sigh escaped Prince Maximilian's lips. This was the only thing he could do for his family. Although he and Prince Jason were always at each other's throats, the Crown Prince was someone that could see the bigger picture.

Prince Maximilian didn't want to admit it, but he felt very jealous of Prince Jason. He had seen how devoted Princess Vanessa was, and sometimes Prince Maximilian wondered what it would be like to have a beautiful lady pine after him, the way Princess Vanessa did for Prince Jason.

"I have given you another chance, Jason," Prince Maximilian muttered. "If you still throw this opportunity away, don't blame me for making my move."

The Crown Prince drank everything in his wine glass and went back inside to sleep. He had guarded the two of them while they were busy calling the birds and the bees. Now that their lovemaking was over, it was time for him to leave.

Whatever happened when morning came, he didn't give a hoot. He had already played his part, and he had played it well. However, he still needed to report this to his grandfather to prepare for any contingencies.

Although the adults already knew Princess Vanessa's feelings for Prince Jason, the aftereffects of their union would still require the power of the Royal Family to keep it under wraps.

"It's hard to be a good person," Prince Maximilian shook his head as he left the Whispering Wind Tavern. "I wonder how William is able to keep his relationships with his lovers in order."