Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 686 - Having Three Job Classes Sure Comes In Handy

A week after William's conference in the academy had ended…

Inside the thousand Beast Domain, a red egg started to crack. The bird inside it didn't come out right away. Instead, it took a peek at its surroundings to ensure that the coast was clear.

After seeing that nothing seems out of the ordinary, it broke the egg shell completely and spread its wings wide ready to fly.

At this exact moment, a whistling sound reached its ears, and B1 could only utter a single word before William's spear, Gaebolg, descended on him.

"... F*ck."

An explosion sounded in the thousand Beast Domain, but no one paid too much attention to it. Even the other Angray birds, that were currently taking a nap at their nest, didn't react at the explosion of one of their kind.

For the past few days, everytime B1 would respawn, one of William's weapons would stab it to oblivion. This was William's revenge for B1 slandering his good name.

—-

72th Floor, Dungeon of Atlantis…

< Ice Sovereign has increased a Level! >

A three meter frozen crab shattered to pieces in front of William. He had been fighting inside the dungeon for the past nineteen days in order to raise the level of his Ice Sovereign as fast as possible.

Three days inside the Dungeon of Atlantis was equivalent to a day in the outside world. Since he decided to lie low for a week due to B1's escapade, the level of his Job Class had increased drastically.

"Level 31…," William said softly as he looked at his status page. "69 more to go before I max out this Job Class."

Ice Sovereign was the last Transcendance Job of the Ice Mage class. It was one of the most powerful Job Classes wielding the Ice Element, which was perfect for his battle with Rebecca. Although William had the Prestige Class, Elemental Lord, it was a job that offered flexibility, instead of dealing massive elemental damage.

The only powerful attack that he could use using the Elemental Lord Job Class, was the World End Tempest, but this ability only worked when he was in his Einherjar Form.

If he wanted to beat Rebecca on her home turf, upgrading the Ice Sovereign to its max level would definitely give William the opportunity to use the territorial advantage on his side.

While he was deep in thought, Chiffon tugged his shirt.

"Will, I haven't seen B1 for the past few days," Chiffon said. "What kind of mission did you give him?"

After a lot of coaxing from William, he was finally able to convince Chiffon to call him Will, instead of Big Brother. Although he didn't mind being called Big Brother by his adorable wife, he believed that it wouldn't be good in the long term.

Chiffon also understood this, so she did her best to change the way she addressed William. Now that she was already married to him, she no longer felt the feeling of insecurity that came when she thought that she was going to be left alone to fend for herself again.

"Don't worry, that dumb bird will be back in a few days," William replied with a smile. "I'm sure that B1 will also be happy to see you."

William patted Chiffon's head while sneering in his heart. Since he was connected to his Sentient Weapons, he knew that the slanderous bird had once again turned to an egg.

Ashe, who was standing beside them was doing her best to keep the smile on her face from twitching. She wasn't as gullible as Chiffon and knew that William was mercilessly punishing the vulgar bird for what it did at the conference.

"I never thought that the 72nd Floor would be this difficult," Ashe commented after looking at the frozen Centennial Crabs around them.

A dozen Centennial crabs attacking at the same time was more than enough to wipe out a party of Adamantium Ranked Fighters. Even though she had experience in fighting against opponents that were beyond her current strength, she still found it strenuous to be ambushed when she least expected it.

"Indeed." William agreed.

His current strength was now at the Adamantium Rank, but the monsters' synchronized attacks was truly a very challenging matter to face head on.

Not only were their shells very tough, their claws were as hard as steel as well. However, that was not the only issue. The Ravaging Crimson Crabs could fire an endless barrage of powerful Hydro Canons that were enough to annihilate anyone below the Adamantium Rank.

If not for the fact that William had strong helpers, he might have been overcome by their long-range attacks, while limiting himself below the threshold of the Saint's Rank.

Right now only Chiffon, Ashe, Elliot, Conan, Kasogonaga, and Jareth (Goblin Paladin) accompanied William on his dungeon expedition.

Erchitu, Psoglav, Xerxes, Dazz, and Mohawk were currently undergoing a breakthrough in their ranks. They were currently in the Magic Crystal Cavern of the Thousand Beast Domain, and were waiting patiently to be promoted to a higher rank.

This group of Beasts that had followed William to the upper floors of the Dungeon of Atlantis had an all you can eat Beast Core buffet, which greatly increased the speed of their evolution.

It was only a matter of time before William would have a team of Beasts that were at the Peak of the Millennial Rank.

Kasogonaga was only half a step away from becoming a Myriad Beast, but that small step would still take him a while to cross. Thanks to Scylla's Myriad Beast Core, the Deity of the Sky was slowly regaining its strength.

William hoped that after a year or two, Kasogonaga would regain his power as a Demigod.

The Half-Elf chuckled internally at the thought of ferocious monsters running away whenever they heard the rainbow-colored Anteater's adorable catchphrase "I'm Rolling!".

William glanced at the frozen crabs and raised his hand. He then snapped his finger, and all the crabs shattered into hundreds of pieces.

At that exact moment, Kasogonaga happily rummaged through the frozen chunks of ice to look for the Centennial Cores. Since its competitor, Psoglav, wasn't around. The rainbow-colored Anteater took its time to dig out its precious cores, while humming a tune.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

—---

Name: William Von Ainsworth

Race: Half-Elf

Job Class: Quick Shot Shepherd (Level 30)

Sub Class: Ice Sovereign (Level 31)

Second Sub Class: Familiamancer (Max)

—--

'Having three Job Classes sure comes in handy,' William thought as he led the way to the path that would lead them to the next floor.

Elliot and Conan flew several meters in front of him and acted as scouts. The two Familiars had finally gotten used to fighting together with William, and the three of them had a silent agreement about the roles that they would play on the battlefield.

William had also equipped Chiffon and Ashe with new Job Classes, namely the Zen Master, and Morpher Job Class.

Chiffon was a Brawler, and the Zen Master was the Monk Job Class' second form. With this great boost in close combat abilities, the pink-haired girl's lethality in fighting against Centennial Beast showed her amazing battle prowess.

Morpher, on the other hand, was the combination of the Elemental Lord and Runemaster Job Class. This Class could allow its user to Morph into a Greater Elemental and deal devastating damage to the target.

William was pleasantly surprised when this Job Class was unlocked after his Elemental Lord reached its Max Level.

Wendy did a good job in raising the level of the Runemaster Job Class when William was still in the Southern Continent. Because of this, William decided to let Ashe use the power of this never before seen Job Class and see its power first hand.

When Ashe took the form of a four-meter-tall Greater Elemental, the composition of her body would turn into the element of her choosing. The results of real battle tests were quite impressive, and even William was tempted to use this as a Trump Card in the future.

After fighting for several more hours, William decided to stop their advance and return to the real world. He had been away for a week and felt that now was the right time to re-emerge in the academy.

Although fighting non-stop made him stronger, it was also very tiring. Because of this, he decided to take a few days off from the Dungeon, and gather information about what was currently happening in the Central Continent.

Also, Princess Sidonie had told him that Kenneth, and Lilith, had been pestering her, looking for William's whereabouts. In order to prevent his beautiful fiance from throwing fireballs at them, the Half-Elf decided to confront these two people.

Although he didn't know what the two were thinking in their heads, he believed that all three of them could come to a compromise and not make things difficult for everyone involved.