Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 690 - The Eyes Are Useless When The Mind Is Blind

Kenneth was busy writing a letter to his Master inside the residence provided to him inside the academy.

He wrote how he met William in the Kraetor Empire, and everything that happened since then. Kenneth respected Arwen with all of his heart. Without her, his life would have been a very boring one.

Just as he was about to finish the letter, he heard a knock on his door. Kenneth frowned because he wasn't expecting any guests at the moment.

"Who could it possibly be?" Kenneti muttered as he walked toward the door with curiosity.

Kenneth opened the door to see who it was. The first thing he saw was a smiling William, carrying a beautiful Elf in a princess carry.

Naturally, Kenneth recognized the Elf in William's arms. It was none other than Pearl, who had also joined the tournament alongside him.

"Can I come in?" William asked.

The silver-haired Elf frowned, but he still opened the door wider and moved aside. A single glance was enough to tell him that Pearl had just fought a battle, because of the tears in her clothes.

"What happened?" Kenneth asked after William laid Pearl to the bed. Since it was a fellow Elf, he was alarmed at her current condition.

"The two of us fought," William replied. "Don't worry. I didn't hurt her much. We just had a disagreement. She'll be awake in a day or two."

Kenneth walked towards the bed and ran a diagnostic spell on Pearl's body. Aside from the two small puncture wounds on her neck, her body didn't have any kind of damage. Clearly, someone had used a healing spell to remove Pearl's injuries, with the exception of the two marks on her neck.

Kenneth had an idea on what William was trying to tell him, because of this, the latter decided to just turn a blind eye on Pearl's current condition.

"I apologize on behalf for her recklessness," Kenenth said with a calm expression. "Thank you for looking after her."

William nodded in appreciation. "You're still perceptive as always."

Kenneth sighed as he sat on the bed. His gaze looked at the red-headed teenager who was looking back at him with a smile.

"You're leaving?" Kenneth asked.

"Yes."

"When?"

William crossed his arms over his chest as he eyed his Ex-Roommate with an appraising look. "Tomorrow. Don't try to find me, because you won't."

The silver-haired Elf smiled bitterly because he could feel the firmness in William's tone. He knew that if he tried to force himself to accompany him, the Half-Elf would definitely find a way to lose him along the way.

"I guess I will be seeing you at the Misty Sect," Kenneth said.

William nodded his head. "I will be undergoing extensive training until the promised time. Let's meet again in the Aberdeen Mountains."

Kenneth's gaze softened because he could feel that William still treated him as a friend. Since that was the case, he would not be too demanding and allow him to do the things he needed. The Founding Day of the Misty Sect was only several weeks away.

It wouldn't be long before he and William would meet once again.

"Will, don't lose."

"That's the plan."

William left the room and headed to the alchemist Division to say goodbye to his Fifth Master, Albert. Although his Alchemist Master was a carefree individual, he still took time to teach William a lot of things when he first arrived at the academy.

While all of this was happening, Princess Sidonie was in her room drafting the plans for the delegation that would go to the Mist Sect.

Ashe and Chiffon would be leaving with William, leaving her alone in the Empire. This was the plan that they had agreed to beforehand. Princess Sidonie was an important member of the Royal Family of Freesia and the Kraetor Empire.

Because of this, she couldn't accompany William when he journeyed towards the Misty sect. However, since she could easily visit the Thousand Beast Domain anytime, this problem was not a big deal for her.

She, along with her grandfather, and a few of her cousins would go to the Misty Sect. Everyone had high expectations of William. For them, the battle against his Ex-Fiance was already a done deal.

The Half-Elf was someone that had cleared the 51st Floor of the Tower. Compared to him, Rebecca was nothing.

Unfortunately, they were not aware that he was going to fight his fiance with increased difficulty due to Aamon's quest. This was also why William was dead-set on upgrading all the Job Classes that he could, in order to prepare for any kind of situation.

—--

Meanwhile in the Glazed Domain of the Misty Sect…

Rebecca exhaled, and a cloud of icy air escaped her sensuous lips.

"I finally broke through the 7th Circle," Rebecca muttered as a powerful aura enveloped her body.

Due to the unlimited resources, training, special privileges, and her Perfect Grade Talent, she had stepped on the ranks of an Archmage four years earlier than usual.

The elder that was assigned to watch over her nodded her head in approval.

"Consolidate your new found strength," the elder advised. "Clear your mind, and allow your element to wash over your body."

"Yes, Elder," Rebecca replied before closing her eyes to meditate.

Deep inside, Rebecca was happy. She had finally achieved the height that she had dreamed of when she was young. She and William understood that what they were going to do was merely a formality. Regardless of who won between the two of them, their marriage agreement would be void after their promised battle.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

—--

On a ship bound to the Central Continent…

Lawrence, the Old Fox of the Griffith Duchy, looked at the ship's window with a depressed expression on his face. They had left the Hellan Kingdom a few weeks ago in order to arrive at the Misty Sect, and participate in the festivities that were waiting for them.

The Old Fox played with the communication crystal in his hand, before putting it on top of the table with a sigh.

No matter how many times he tried to use the communication crystal to talk to James, the old coot would pretend that he didn't see it. This made Lawrence very annoyed.

Rebecca's mother and father had firmly opposed his decision to make his granddaughter William's fiance, but that was already in the past. Now, the two idiots were feeling fearful that William would come and find them to settle the scores between them.

Because of this, Lawrence decided to bring them with him to the Central Continent, in order to mediate and compensate William for the grievances he received in the past.

"The eyes are useless when the mind is blind." Lawrence shook his head as he poured himself a glass of wine. "I should have been more firm back then. Now, it's too late."

Lawrence drank the wine and felt the sourness spreading inside his mouth. The journey towards the Central Continent would be a long and tiring one.. He just hoped that when they reached their final destination, the ache he was feeling in his heart would disappear like the passing clouds in the sky.