Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 693 - I Still Want To Live Dammit!

"Who are you?" Cassidy asked. "You'd better not make trouble here in the city or we will not be lenient with your punishment!"

The brown-haired young man chuckled when he heard Cassidy's words. He had heard this question for millennia's, and his answer to this question had always been the same.

"Who am I?" the brown haired young man smirked as his eyes started to turn golden. "Great men need no introductions, but since you want to know that badly, I will allow you to know my exalted name. Remember it well, because it might be the last thing you remember in this world."

The brown haired man slammed the golden staff on the ground, creating a metallic ringing sound that reverberated in the entire city of Eirwen. He then raised his head arrogantly as he pointed his thumb at his face.

"I am…," the brown haired man said before turning his head to look at Sha. "Sha, introduce me to them. I'm too lazy."

The corner of Sha's lips twitched, but he still decided to play along. After all, it was this "Senior Brother" who had smuggled them into the World of Hestia to look for William. Introducing him to people was the least that he could do.

"He is none other than the Handsome Monkey King!" Sha shouted.

Zhu decided to play along and also raised his voice. "A Great Warrior who will fight for good, truth, peace, and honesty!"

"Hero alone is he who vies with powers supreme!"

"The world revolves in the palm of his hands!"

"Good and Evil can't stand in his way, for he is the force that defies it everyday!"

"Look at his manliness, that makes all the maidens blush. Don't you know that he is everyone's crush?"

"Lo and behold, mortals of the realm. His presence alone, don't you feel overwhelmed?"

"He is none other than the Great Sage that equals Heaven!"

"The warrior that fought against Heaven's might!"

"He is none other than, the epitome of greatness, Sun Wukong!"

Sun Wukong may have the thickest skin in the multiverse, but Zhu's and Sha's praises were enough to make even the invincible monkey king feel that they were praising the wrong person.

"Aww shucks guys, you're making me blush," Sun Wukong said as he scratched his cheeks in embarrassment. "But, the two of you forgot to say that I'm the most awesome being in creation. The Legendary Legend that defies the balance of the world. The most powerful, supreme expert that…"

Zhu and Sha were doing their best to prevent their expression from spasming. They had already praised Sun Wukong to the high heavens, but it seemed that their method had only spurred on the Monkey King's narcissistic tendencies.

We already praised you, okay?

You still want to be praised?

Don't you know the meaning of moderation?

Bruh…

"I just realized that the words of this world are not enough to describe how amazing I really am," Sun Wukong rubbed his chin. "Welp, I guess I'll deal with all of you first before I write down all of my awesome qualities."

Without another word, Sun Wukong somersaulted in the air and transformed into his Monkey King Form.

"Enough talk, let's fight!" Sun Wukong roared. "Sweep away all adversaries!

"Ruyi Jingu Bang!"

A powerful explosion erupted in the middle of the city making the land tremble. However, the surprising thing was that no damage could be seen anywhere.

What happened next was truly outstanding because several people wearing red and blue robes were tossed in the air, similar to how fried rice was tossed in a wok.

Sun Wukong understood that he couldn't hurt innocent people in the mortal world, so he used the power of righteousness to separate the bad guys from the good.

"Let's go nuts!" Sun Wukong roared as he swung the golden staff in his hands like a baseball bat. "Reject Humanity! Return to Monke!"

Ruyi Jingu Bang grew until it was over hundreds meters long, and several meters wide. All that got hit cried out in pain, and flew towards the Savadeen Mountains.

The Sect Master and the Elders of the Misty Sect immediately felt the strong fluctuations in their surroundings and were immediately alarmed.

They felt the overbearing presence descend on them like a mountain. All of them saw the giant golden staff that could potentially erase the entire city of Eirwen, and it made them shudder.

"Demigod!" Thea, the Sect Master of the Misty Sect, gasped in shock after witnessing the incredible scene in front of her.

The Guardian of the Misty Sect opened its eyes and looked at the Monkey King hovering in the air.

Sun Wukong glanced in the Guardian's direction and winked. The Monkey King even made a gesture to the Guardian to come down and join the fun, but the latter pretended that it didn't see it and closed its eyes to sleep.

"You don't want to join?" Sun Wukong asked the Guardian using telepathy. "Let's go play a hundred rounds! Relax, I'll give you a handicap. I'll only use one hand and my staff!"

The Guardian shuddered and pretended that it was deep asleep. No matter how much Sun Wukong coaxed it, the Sacred Beast refused to budge.

It doesn't matter if you give me a handicap or not. That staff alone is enough to kill me!

I still want to live dammit!

Seeing that the Guardian didn't want to play, Sun Wukong scratched his head helplessly. As he was thinking about what to do next, several Elders of the Misty Sect flew towards him.

"Your Excellency, I am the leader of the Misty Sect, Thea," Thea said respectfully. "A few days from now, we are going to celebrate the founding of our Sect. I respectfully invite you, Your Excellency, to join us in this joyous event."

Sun Wukong started to pick his nose with indifference.

"Well, I have some free time, so I guess I can honor your Sect with my exalted presence."

"We will be most grateful to host you, Your Excellency!"

"But, I am feeling rather irritated right now," Sun Wukong stated. "You see, my boys and I came here to sightsee, but we were harassed by those Red Devil guys and members of the City Guards. You know, when I get grumpy, I have the habit of demolishing mountains…"

The expression of Thea and the Elder's of the MIsty Sect became pale. The dissatisfaction in Sun Wukong's tone clearly hid a threat that meant "If you don't fix this, I'll smash your mountain."

This was something that they couldn't allow to happen no matter what!

"Rest assured, Your Excellency," Thea said, as she tried to hide the anxiousness in her heart, "We will immediately punish those who dared to make things difficult for you."

"Eleanor, Miriam, send the Executors to round up all the members of the Red Devils!" Thea ordered. "Also, bring in the Mayor and the Commander of the City Guards for questioning! I will not allow an evil organization, including corrupt officials, to stay in my Domain!"

""Yes, Sect Master!""

All the Elders moved at once. They had long turned a blind eye on the actions of the Red Devils, and the corruption of the city's officials, because they also received benefits on their end. If not for the fact that a Demigod was threatening to demolish their home turf, they would have continued to let the matters slide.

However, they couldn't do that anymore.

On that same day, every member of the Red Devil was caught and apprehended by the Executors of the Misty Sect. The City's Mayor, as well as the other corrupt officials, were kicked out of their positions and imprisoned inside the Sect.

A thorough Purge had been enacted and even the small-time gangs, and criminals, were apprehended.

The Misty Sect had used all the manpower in their disposal to show the Monkey King their sincerity to correct their wrongs.

Sun Wukong didn't make things difficult for Thea and promised the Sect Master that they would visit the Misty Sect on their Founding Day.

They were there to meet with William, so getting free accommodations was something they would not reject.

The Envoys from the different factions, who had witnessed the amazing scene, sent people to investigate Sun Wukong's origins. Most of them already knew the identity of all the Demigods in the World of Hestia.

They had never heard of a character like Sun Wukong, and they wanted to know which faction he belonged to.

As these undercover investigations were being done, the Monkey King drank wine as he laid on top of the roof of the inn that they were staying in. A chuckle escaped his lips as he thought about what William's reaction would be when he saw them at the Misty Sect.

"I just hope that the Jade Emperor won't lose his head when he finds out that I smuggled Zhu and Sha from the temple." Sun Wukong scratched his head. "I guess I'd better lie low when I return."

Ever since Zhu and Sha had been granted amnesty, they had been thinking of ways that they could repay William for their freedom. However, no matter how much they thought, the only way for them to repay the Half-Elf was to go to his world.

Because of this, they went to find Sun Wukong and asked him to smuggle them to the World of Hestia. To their surprise the Monkey King readily agreed and their great smuggling plan began.

High above the Temple of the Ten Thousand Gods, the Jade Emperor massaged his temple.

"Bastards, the lot of you," the Jade Emperor cursed under his breath. He was planning to send Zhu and Sha into one of the golden portals that connected to a higher world.

The plan was already made so the two faithful subordinates would be able to live wonderful lives in order to compensate them for the hardships that they had experienced these past thousand years.

However, all of that planning had now gone to waste because the ungrateful fools had decided to go to William's world and return the favor that the Half-Elf had given them.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

In the end, the Jade Emperor could only sigh and allow things to take its course. He understood that some things were Fated to happen, so he decided to toss Zhu's and Sha's matter to the back of his mind for the time being.

The Primordial Goddess only chuckled at this unexpected outcome, but she didn't mind it too much.

Just as the Jade Emperor understood that some things were Fated to happen, the Primordial Goddess knew of this as well.. It would take a strong will to fight against Fate, and only a select few could break away from this Law that governed the Multiverse.