Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 695 - I Came Here To Help You Beat William

Rebecca came out from the Glazed Domain and was told to take a rest inside her room for the time being.

She had been inside the Domain for nearly two years, in preparation for the battle against William. For her, this battle was just tying up the loose ends of her past.

The genius of the Hellan Kingdom stared at the blizzard that was raging outside her window. This was a very common occurrence in the Savadeen Mountains and she was already used to it.

Rebecca sighed as she sat cross legged on the carpeted floor. She was planning to meditate to clear her mind from mundane thoughts, and circulate the magic power inside her body. Just as she was about to fall into that meditative state, she heard a light cough that came from her window.

Rebecca's eyes fluttered open as she gazed at the direction where the sound came from. There she saw a little person that was only as tall as an adult's hand, and looking back at her with an angelic smile on his face.

He had short blonde hair, light-green eyes, and a face that was both familiar and unfamiliar to her.

"Who are you?" Rebecca asked. She narrowed her eyes and and several icicles floated around her body, pointing at the visitor that had come to her room uninvited.

"My name is Elliot, and I am William's Familiar," Elliot replied. He didn't seem bothered in the slightest about the icicles that were pointing in his direction.

Rebecca's brows furrowed when she heard Elliot's reply. Now that she had taken a good look at her visitor, she noticed that he did look like the Half-Elf that she was to fight a few days from now.

"Did he send you a message to pass to me?" Rebecca inquired.

This was not the first time that she had seen a familiar. A few of the Elders in the Misty Sect also had familiars, but she had never seen a familiar like Elliot.

"No." Elliot shook his head. "I came here on my own volition. This has nothing to do with William."

A frown appeared on Rebecca's face, but she still decided to ask what Elliot's purpose was for coming.

"Why did you come to find me?"

"I came here to help you beat William."

Rebecca's eyes widened in surprise, but this only lasted for a brief moment. She suddenly became vigilant and thought that this was a scheme made by William, in order to deal with her before their promised battle.

"You have trust issues," Elliot chuckled, "but, this is also a good trait. This is the first time we have met, so being vigilant is the right course of action. Now where was I? Ah yes. I came here to help you beat William."

"I don't need your help."

"Oh, but you do. Even if you are a 7th Circle Magician, your chances of beating him are zero percent."

Rebecca's eyes glowed with power and the number of icicles increased exponentially. With just a thought, all of these icicles would fly and skewer the annoying familiar and make him shut his pretentious mouth.

Elliot was unfazed by Rebecca's open hostility. Instead, he raised his hand and a white glowing crystal appeared.

"This is the heart of a Crystal Phoenix," Elliot stated. "Tomorrow, you will be taken to meet the Guardian of this Sect, and you will form a temporary contract with it. However, your body is not strong enough to accommodate its power. This is why it will refuse to become your temporary Beast Companion.

"However, if you absorb this Heart Crystal, your body will become its perfect vessel, and you will be able to successfully form a contract with it."

Rebecca stared at the floating crystal in a daze. She could feel very strong magical powers inside of it. A power that was strong enough to make her jump to the 8th Circle, as long as she was able to obtain it.

"I don't believe that you came here to help me," Rebecca forcefully tore her gaze from the crystal and shifted her attention to Elliot. "A familiar betraying its master? I'm not born yesterday. What is your real purpose for coming to me?"

Elliot nodded his head. "You're right. I didn't come here to 'help you' out of the goodness of my heart. There's no free lunch in this world. This Heart Crystal is very precious, so naturally I won't be giving it for free. Would you like to have a bet with me?"

"A bet?"

"Yes."

The angel familiar pushed his hand forward and the crystal floated towards Rebecca, stopping a meter away from her face.

"If you win against William then this Heart Crystal will belong to you," Elliot stated. "That way it will continue to give you a great boost in raising your magical power. Perhaps, a few years from now, you will enter the 10th Circle, and you will be able to look down on this world in disdain."

"And if I lose?" Rebecca asked. She was confident about winning against William. What she was afraid of was that the crystal had been tampered with and it would cause her to lose her match against her Ex-Fiance.

"You will become my subordinate for two years," Elliot replied. "I will be your boss, and you are not allowed to refuse my orders, no matter how unreasonable they might seem to you."

Rebecca wanted to reject the Familiar's offer, but the temptation of reaching the 10th Circle made her heart beat wildly inside her chest. For the past thousand years, no one had been able to step into the 10th Circle.

For magicians, this was their ultimate goal. It was the highest honor, and her name would be written in the history books, joining the other masters that had also attained the pinnacle of magic.

No magician could possibly reject such an offer. Even though the rank of Rebecca's talent was Perfect Grade, it was not an absolute guarantee that she would be able to reach the 10th Circle in her lifetime.

"Very well, I accept this bet," Rebecca stated.

"Are you sure?" Elliot crossed his arms over his chest. "If you lose, you will become my subordinate for two years. Are you fine with that?"

"I will not lose."

"I like that confidence of yours."

Elliot waved his hand and a contract appeared beside the floating crystal. "Read the contract and sign it with your blood. Sorry, but verbal agreements don't carry any weight. I only trust contracts."

Rebecca eyed Elliot before glancing at the contract. She had read the details written on it, and there was nothing wrong with it.

It was exactly as Elliot said. If she won then the Heart Crystal was hers to keep. If she lost then she would become his subordinate for two years. Nothing more, nothing less.

An icicle dagger appeared in Rebecca's hand and she pierced her fingertip with it. She then smudged the contract with her blood, agreeing to the conditions that were written on it.

The contract glowed and two beams of light shot out from it. One flew straight into Elliot's chest, the other flew towards Rebecca's.

"Jolly cooperation," Elliot grinned before flying towards the window. "I'll see you in a few days."

The angelic familiar didn't wait for Rebecca's reply and left the room through the window. The ice-cold wind entered the room and blew across her face, but she wasn't bothered by it.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Rebecca waved her hand and the window closed on its own. She then stared at the Heart Crystal with a complicated expression on her face.

"Just what did you do, WIlliam, to have your own familiar betray you?" Rebecca asked softly.

She continued to stare at the floating crystal for a few minutes before finally making up her mind. Rebecca pressed the heart crystal against her chest and channeled her magical power to accept it.

High above the Savadeen Mountains, a powerful magical fluctuation was felt by everyone who had a very strong magical power. The Guardian that was sleeping on top of the mountain's peak, opened its eyes because it had felt the power of its kind for a brief moment.

Its ancient eyes narrowed and focused on a young lady, who was seated cross legged inside her room. It didn't know who Rebecca was, and this was the first time it was seeing her.. Nevertheless, its curiosity was piqued because a mortal was able to release a presence that was beyond her league.