Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 696 - The Forever Alone

William and Conan were happily eating the barbecue they had ordered inside their room.

After arriving at Eirwen City, they didn't immediately go to the Misty Sect because the founding day was still two days away. Of course, this was not the main reason they decided to spend a few days in the city.

The main reason was because the red-headed teenager didn't want to mingle with the different factions of the Central Continent. Princess Sidonie had warned him that everyone wanted a piece of him. It was also her idea for William to stay low-profile until the celebration formally began.

"I wonder where Elliot went this time," Conan said after he finished eating.

William smirked as he placed his fruit juice on the table. "Knowing him, he's probably trying to get under a lady's skirt."

"Kekeke. I can already see that happening."

"Right?"

William and Conan chuckled at the same time. They had already seen how proficient Elliot was at wooing the ladies, that they often get discounts when they bought items from shops that were manned by female clerks.

"My goodness! I'm only gone for a few hours, and the two of you are already slandering my good name?"

Elliot entered the room through the window while shaking his head in disappointment. He then landed beside the plate of barbecue that had been reserved just for him.

"Are we wrong in our assumption?" William asked.

Elliot chuckled as he pulled a chunk of meat from the barbecue skewer, "You're only half right."

"You said you are going to sightsee alone, but your true aim was to find girls to hit on, right?" Conan crossed his arms in disapproval.

Elliot ate the meat he'd pulled off the barbecue skewer and chewed happily. He completely ignored Conan's words and just focused on eating for the time being.

"Sometimes, I wonder if your roles are reversed," William said as he rested his chin on the palm of his right hand. "Elliot should be the devil, and Conan should be the angel."

""No thanks.""

The two familiars replied at the same time. Clearly they disagree with William's words. For them, they were born perfect, so there was no need to swap places with each other.

Suddenly, the door of the room opened. Ian and Chiffon entered the room with smiles on their faces. Both of them had gone to the marketplace to buy a few souvenirs that could only be found in the Savadeen Mountains.

William wasn't too worried about their safety because Chiffon had Sharur accompanying her. If anyone dared to harm his adorable wife, the smasher of thousands would break their skulls with one strike.

As for Ian, he wasn't too worried about her. Unlike Chiffon who had a gentle side, Ian was someone that doesn't show mercy to people that tried to hurt her, or the people important to her.

After unlocking the Morpher Job Class, the beautiful mermaid could transform into an Elder Elemental that was over ten meters tall. When she took on this form, Ian's battle prowess rose to the Millennial Rank.

Unless a Saint were to deal with her personally, very few people would be able to defeat her in combat.

"Looks like you girls enjoyed your shopping," William greeted the two who were in a good mood.

"Un! You should have accompanied us, Will," Chiffon replied. She then sat on William's right side, and planted a kiss on his cheek. "There will be a great bazaar that will open on the day of the Founding Ceremony. We should go and see if there are good items for sale."

William nodded and patted her head. "Okay. we will go there early before going to the Misty Sect."

"Un!" Chiffon snuggled close to William and closed her eyes in contentment.

She had always wanted to visit new places, and staying around William allowed her to do that. If possible, she didn't want to return to the Demon Continent or see her father again.

Ian sat on William's left side and brought out various pastries that she had bought in the marketplace. The mermaid was a foodie, and she liked to eat delicious food. Her twin sister, Isaac, had always handled the cooking, and she was an excellent cook.

Because of this, Ian's standard for food had become high. For her, only food that was equal to, or better than, Isaac's cooking was worth eating.

"You're going to get fat if you always eat cakes and pies," William commented.

Ian completely ignored him as she bit into the freshly baked apple pie that had come from a famous shop in the city. A smile appeared on her face because of how delicious the pie was.

"Chiffon, have some," Ian said as she gave the little glutton a slice of pie.

"Thank you, Big Sister," Chiffon replied as she held the warm pie in her hands.

Just like William, Ian spoiled Chiffon a lot. Now that the pink-haired girl had married William, she treated her as a little sister, which made Chiffon very happy.

"Well then, how confident are you in fighting against Rebecca?" Ian asked. "Can you win?"

"I will win," William answered firmly. "I promised you, your sister, and Est that I will lift the curses on your bodies. No matter what happens, I will win."

Ian smiled and nodded. She already knew that William was doing this for their sake, so she knew that the Half-Elf would do his best to win. The only thing she could in return was to stay by his side, and shower him with her love.

—--

At the base of the Savadeen Mountains…

"We're finally here." James looked at the towering mountain with a grin plastered on his face. "I hope those old bastards have arrived already. We have a lot of catching up to do."

Vlad snorted as he glanced at his old friend. "You mean you have a lot more bragging to do. I pity your acquaintances. They might have done some bad things in their past lives to have become your friend in this lifetime."

"Hahaha! Sucks to be them." James roared in laughter as he and Vlad traversed up the mountain. After Morgan had arrived at the Tower of Babylon, James had left him in charge.

Many people had not heard of James, but everyone in the Central Continent had heard of Morgan.

As the leader of the notorious Red Plague, he held a considerable deterrence effect that made people behave in the Floors that belonged to the Ainsworth Family. Morgan wasn't known to be a merciful person, and all those who annoyed him would have their bodies melt in a pool of blood.

To James' surprise, the envoys of the Amazons were also very interested in Morgan. They had long heard of him, and his name was placed in the Top Ten of ideal partners of the Amazon Race.

Right now, William's name was on top, while Morgan's was in the Top 5. Unfortunately, Morgan wasn't interested in letting the Amazons have their way with him, which greatly disappointed James.

The old coot sighed as he remembered that he had deemed his son to be a candidate for the "Forever Alone Club".

Morgan and Maxwell were twins, and both of them were handsome men. However, unlike Maxwell who liked socializing with people, especially with the ladies, Morgan was the complete opposite.

Although many women had made advances on him, he rejected them all and remained aloof. James hoped that the Amazons would be able to sneak into his bed and give him a surprise when he returned to the Tower of Babylon.

For the time being, James pushed this concern to the back of his mind and stared at the peak of the mountains.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"There are only two days left before William's and Rebecca's fight," James said softly. "I hope that the Misty Sect doesn't pull any underhanded tricks, for their own good."

Vlad's expression remained calm as he walked beside James. The Demigod of the Southern Continent didn't like to interfere in the affairs of mortals, but since he was dragged around to accompany James, he had no choice but to clean up his mess.

Vlad, too, hoped that nothing underhanded would happen during William's fight with Rebecca. He had secretly observed the war that had happened in the Southern Continent and admired how William resolved the conflict.

If possible, he didn't want to see this ancient mountain, that was as white as snow, be covered with blood.