Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 698 - Don’t Worry You Little B*tch

In a wide open space, just outside the Sect Building, thousands of tables all filled with delicious foods were laid out for the guests of the Misty Sect.

Today was their Founding Day, and Thea, along with the Elders were busy talking to the important people of the realm and the mood was quite lively.

Of course, the majority of them were there to witness the battle between William and Rebecca. This was not a secret, and those that had done their research about the Half-Elf's history would know the significance of this battle between the two of them.

James, William's grandfather, was given a VIP seat, and the old coot was happily eating and drinking alongside several old foxes of the Hellan Kingdom.

"You old bastard. If you sought me and not Lawrence for matchmaking, I would have definitely agreed to your request," a chubby old man said. "You see, my granddaughter has grown to be a beauty. She's just a year younger than William, but I believe that the two of them are a match made in heaven. Why don't we have the two of them meet, and see if they get along?"

"Hah! That granddaughter of yours is indeed a little pretty, but my granddaughter is a little angel. She just turned twelve this year. Give her a few more years and she will become the ideal wife..."

"Hold it right there, old man! Have you no shame? Your granddaughter is practically a child! James, we've known each other for a long time. My granddaughter is twenty three this year. Although she's a bit older, young men these days prefer someone with a more mature charm…"

Lawrence glared at the senile old men that were doing their best to ingratiate themselves to James. If these were normal times, the old fools would have ignored William's grandfather and even forcefully kicked him out of their territories.

Jevan, Wendy's grandfather, had a contented smile on his face as he drank his wine. William and his granddaughter were already married, so the Ainsworths' were practically his in-laws. He didn't have to ingratiate himself to James, because they already had William in the bag.

Although the rice was still not cooked, the pot was already on the burner. Wendy's position as William's first wife was firm and secure. No matter how many wives William had in the future, his granddaughter would be the main wife.

'My granddaughter is good,' Jevan thought. 'It's quite unfortunate that Ainsworths didn't have any daughters. James would kill me if I propose that his granddaughter Eve be engaged to Spencer.'

Jevan glanced at this grandson, who had come with him to the Central Continent. Wendy was currently inheriting the Secret Arts of their family, so she was unable to accompany them to see her husband.

James, who was the center of attention, laughed out loud and enjoyed being in the spotlight. He even started to brag that he was the one that taught William everything he knew since he was a baby.

Not far from James, another VIP table was set. However, in this table, there were only four people. Sun Wukong, Zhu, Sha, and the little girl, Amy.

Amy had been officially accepted as a disciple of the Misty Sect and was even registered as one of their inner disciples. Naturally, this special treatment was due to Sun Wukong's presence, because no one would dare to offend a Demigod.

Sun Wukong eyed James with great interest. He only found out that the old braggart was William's grandfather an hour ago, and with a glance, he could tell that both of them were two peas in a pod.

After sipping his wine, the Monkey King's gaze landed on Vlad who was seated beside James. Vlad sensed Sun Wukong's gaze and gave him a brief nod.

Sun Wukong briefly nodded as well in greeting. Both of them were Demigods, so it was quite easy for them to sense each other's strength.

'This person is stronger than me,' Vlad mused as he eyed the brown-haired man who was coaxing the little girl seated by his side to drink some fruit juice.

Vlad was confident that he was among the strongest Demigods in the World of Hestia. However, after seeing Sun Wukong, he realized that there was someone who managed to reach the level that blurred the distance between a Demigod and a God.

Sun Wukong might not be a God, but he was the next best thing, and very few were his match under the ranks of Gods.

Princess Sidonie was seated beside the Royal Family of the Kraetor Empire. She was feeling very bored because she was waiting for William to appear. Although she was able to be together with the Half-Elf inside the Thousand Beast Domain, she felt envious of Ashe and Chiffon who were always by his side.

'Such is the responsibility of the Royal Bloodline.' Princess Sidonie sighed.

As one of the most beautiful young ladies of the realm, several young men weren't able to take their eyes off her. Some of them were Princes', while others were prodigies whose name reached far and wide.

Princess Sidonie politely rejected their invitations and advances to talk to her. She was not in the mood to socialize with other men. Her beloved was more than enough for her.

'Still, there are a few annoying people here as well,' Princess Sidonie thought as she felt the presence of the members of the Seven Virtues.

Ephemera, the maiden that represented Justice, was chatting with two young ladies whose Divinities made Princess Sidonie's skin crawl.

After she arrived at the Central Continent, he went to the Royal Library in search for the identities of the counterparts of the Seven Deadly Sins. Although the Seven Sins and Seven Virtues were not openly hostile to each other, conflicts between them were as natural as the sun rising from the East.

'Temperance and Fortitude.' Princess Sidonie eyed the Ephemera's acquaintances. 'Could they also be here for William?'

As if sensing her gaze, Ephemera glanced at her direction. The two ladies beside her did the same thing. Soon, a mocking smile appeared on Ephemera's face as she mouthed a word to Princess Sidonie.

Right after that, she chuckled. The two ladies beside her only smiled and gave Princess Sidonie a brief nod.

Princess Sidonie returned their greeting with a nod of her own.

Slut.

That was the word that Ephemera had said in order to mock her. The beautiful princess wasn't offended by her words. The past bearers of the Divinity of Lust were well known for their passionate hobbies of making love to men and women alike.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

If Princess Sidonie hadn't met William in his life, she might have also suffered the same fate as them.

Lilith saw this exchange but didn't do anything. Although she and Princess Sidonie were both carriers of the Seven Sins, the two of them weren't close. She didn't feel the need to help her against their counterparts, and was even looking forward to a confrontation.

Unfortunately, Princess Sidonie wasn't someone who could be taunted by such petty schemes. She just waited for her beloved to arrive. Because she knew that no matter what anyone said behind her back, her future husband was the reason why everyone had come to the Misty Sect.

'Don't worry, you little b*tch.' A smile appeared on Princess Sidonie's face as she lightly twirled the fruit juice in her cup.. 'After I'm done with you, we'll see who will have the last laugh.'