Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 699 - Prepare For Trouble! And Make It Double!

While everyone was having a lively chat with each other, a young lady with long, light-brown, hair and green eyes, walked towards the arena that was a hundred meters away from the banquet.

At first, no one noticed her because she was wearing the same light-blue robes of the inner disciples of the misty Sect.

Rebecca stood at the center of the arena with her hands behind her back. Her hair fluttered in the breeze as she waited for William to arrive.

She was like a fairy that came out of a fairy tale. The little girl whom the Half-Elf had seen back in Lont, had grown up to be a beauty that many would want to covet.

Soon, almost everyone in the banquet was looking in her direction. Everyone appraised her bearing from head to toe, trying to know more about this young lady whose fate had been tied with William's since they were babies.

"So, that's Rebecca," Princess Sidonie muttered as she arched an eyebrow. "Well, she's not half bad."

Several young ladies had the same opinion as Princess Sidonie as they looked at the girl who was said to be William's very first fiance. Even though they were all girls, they had to admit that Rebecca was someone who was worthy to be paired up with the red-headed teenager, who managed to surprise the entire world.

Lawrence looked at his granddaughter and sighed in his heart. No matter what happened, he was on her side. Although he felt that her chances of winning were slim, he would still cheer for her because blood was thicker than water.

"The heroine is already here, but the protagonist is still not around," Empress Andraste said with a smile. "Who do you think will win, Lilith?"

Lilith lazily leaned on her chair as she eyed Rebecca from afar. Now that she had seen William's childhood friend, her interest in her had already waned. "No one here is expecting her to win. The only thing I care about is how she will lose, that's all."

Although Lilith didn't raise her voice, it was still loud enough for those who were near their table to hear.

The Elders of the MIsty Sect had calm expressions on their faces, while their disciples looked at Rebecca with a complicated gaze.

All of them belong to the same camp, but the disciples weren't too optimistic of her chances of winning. Only the Elders of the Sect were aware of the Trump Cards that they had prepared for this match.

They were very confident that Rebecca would win, and her victory would spread their sect's fame across the world.

While everyone was wondering when William would appear, a peal of thunder rumbled across the heavens. A few seconds later, a lightning bolt descended upon the arena and bathed the venue with light.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

When the light receded, everyone saw a golden spear that was stuck in the ground. Floating beside it were two small people who were only as big as an adult's hand.

One of them was wearing a white robe, with white wings flapping behind his back. The other wore black, and had bat-like wings that were spread out wide.

"Prepare for Trouble!" Elliot said as he made a dabbing pose.

"And make it Double!" Conan said as he also made a similar pose.

"To protect the world from Monster Infestation."

"To unite all Awesome men within our nation."

"To denounce the evil of handsomeness and love."

"To extend our reach to the Gods and Goddesses above."

"Elliot!"

"Conan!"

"Team William blasting off with all our might."

"Surrender now, or prepare to fight!"

The golden spear glowed and a handsome Half-Elf with red hair, and light green eyes appeared in front of everyone.

"That's right." William flipped his hair before taking an arrogant pose.

A giant explosion appeared behind the three, which would put the Power Rangers' fighting pose to shame.

Everyone in the banquet quieted down due to the unexpected entrance of the young man whom they had traveled a great distance to see.

Suddenly, a loud laughter broke the silence as James stood up from his seat and clapped his hands with great joy.

"Bravo! That's my boy!" James shouted. "Damn, you were almost as awesome as me when I was your age."

The people who sat beside James looked at the old man in contempt. When he was William's age, the only thing he did was get beaten to a pulp by Erza (James' wife), whom he was trying to woo.

Rebecca, who was standing in front of William, was doing her best to keep the grimace that pressed for release from showing on her face.

The three fools were still basking in their "awesome" entrance, and had no time to care about what Rebecca, or everyone else, was feeling.

"I should have worn glasses and raised my chin one more centimeter," William muttered as he tried to fix his pose. "In doing so, my coolness factor would have increased another twenty five percent."

"Indeed. We also should have worn matching clothes," Elliot nodded his head in agreement. "That would have given our group more appeal."

"Kekeke, we should have added some confetti after the explosion." Conan joined in the discussion. "Flower petals would also do. It will give us that extra OOMF!, which would make our entrance have more impact."

"Right." William nodded his head. "Elliot, I'll leave you to handle the preparations. The next time we do this, we're gonna do this right."

"Aye, aye, Captain." Elliot saluted. "Leave this task to me. Consider it done."

William and Conan nodded their heads. They knew that if they left these tasks to Elliot, it would be handled with perfection.

Princess Sidonie covered her face due to second hand embarrassment. For a brief moment, she wanted to pretend that she had no relationship with William. Only Morgana, who was inside their shared Mindscape was laughing out loud, and even clapping her hands in enjoyment.

Suddenly, a Black Qilin landed in the arena. Sitting on its back was Ian and Chiffon who had accompanied William to the Misty Sect.

Chiffon was looking at William with sparkling eyes, while Ian had a similar expression to Princess Sidonie. If possible, they wanted to pretend that the handsome Half-Elf was a stranger and had no relation with them.

"Join Sidonie and wait for me to finish this, Chiffon," William said as he patted the pink-haired girl's head. "Look after her for me, Ian."

"Un!"

"Okay."

The two left the arena walking hand in hand and headed towards the beautiful Princess who was already waving in their direction.

After looking at his lovers for a few seconds, William then shifted his attention to Rebecca who had already managed to compose herself.

"Long time no see," William said with a smile. "You've become prettier."

Rebecca smiled. "Indeed. It has been a while. You've become rather handsome."

"Shall we start?"

"Okay."

William and Rebecca unleashed their magical powers at the same time, sending a gust of air blasting in every direction.

Both of them had waited many years for this day and, now, all of their grievances would finally be settled on the peak of the Misty Sect.