Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

(Disclaimer: It is best if you don't drink or eat anything while reading this chapter. Some scenes are not for the faint of heart. You have been warned.)

Meredith narrowed its eyes as it looked at the Half-Elf who seemed to have a deathwish.

It was once a Demigod, but due to certain circumstances, its rank had regressed, similar to what happened to Kasogonaga.

As a Beast that had reached the apex of the Mortal Realm, it could see no fear in William's eyes. No one could lie in front of a Demigod, and although Meredith's rank had decreased, its senses were keen enough to pick up the Half-Elf's utter disregard for its presence.

"What's wrong?" William asked. He looked at the fifty-meter tall Ice Phoenix with a sneer. "Are you afraid? Haha– Mmh!"

William forcefully closed his mouth to stop himself from laughing because he felt the danger in his colon start to move.

Meredith was still on the fence about whether to fight against William or not. For some reason, its sixth sense was warning it that it would face great danger if it faced the red-headed teenager whose face was turning paler with each passing second.

Just when Meredith was about to refuse, a mocking voice reverberated in the air.

"My goodness! A Pseudo-Demigod is afraid to fight a one-on-one battle?" Elliot asked in disdain. "If that's the case, what was the point of you showing yourself right now? Are you perhaps here to fight William in a two versus one battle? Utterly preposterous. Are you really a Crowned Ice Phoenix?"

Conan chuckled when he heard his twin's mocking tone. "More like an Ice Chicken!! Did you see us enter the arena to fight that girl, Rebecca, in a three versus one battle? If you don't have the guts then scram, weakling!"

Meredith frowned and fired two Ice Blade at the two annoying familiars that were outside the arena. More than anything else, it disliked being ridiculed by anyone.

Just as the two Ice Blades were about to hit Elliot and Conan, a golden staff appeared in front of them and smashed the Ice Blades into pieces.

"Do you feel proud of bullying the weak?" Sun Wukong asked. His voice was filled with contempt. "How about you pick on someone your own size?"

Sun Wukong stood up from his seat and raised his hand. The golden staff that blocked Meredith's attack returned to his hand and a metallic sound echoed spread across the venue.

Meredith didn't dare to answer Sun Wukong's challenge and pretended that it didn't hear it. In its current state, there was simply no chance of winning against Sun Wukong, who was a Demigod that was at its peak.

"Fine. I will fight you in a one-on-one battle," Meredith said as it looked at William. "I will not hold back. So I apologize in advance if I accidentally kill you."

William smiled and switched his Job Class to Elemental Overlord. This was the second Job Class advancement of the Elemental Lord Job Class, and he had almost maxed it out during his training in the Atlantis Dungeon.

He flew over a thousand meters in the air with a serious expression on his face. If one were to look closely, his legs were already shaking because he was nearing his limit.

Meredith screeched and faced William. Rebecca remained on the ground and watched the battle with a complicated expression on her face.

"Mortal, I will show you the stupidity of your actions," Meredith stated as its body glowed. "I will turn you into a crystal statue and add you to my collection!"

William summoned Soleil and threw it down onto the arena, where it embedded itself.

He then summoned Stormcaller and pointed it in Meredith's direction.

"Enough talk, let's fight!" William said.

Meredith flapped its wings and opened its beak. A blue orb of light appeared in front of its beak. It was planning to use a powerful breath attack to freeze the arrogant mortal in front of it.

William, on the other hand, merely pointed his spear at his opponent. His lips moved ever so softly as if muttering something.

"Quickshot War Art, Fusion Form…"

Suddenly, William disappeared and the blue breath attack of the Phoenix exploded in a shower of sparks.

A confused expression appeared on Meredith's face as it subconsciously swallowed something that had entered its mouth.

The other guests might have not noticed what had transpired, but the experts among the guests saw everything clearly. The people around James looked at each other in shock, because they didn't expect William to do such a daring thing!

'Don't tell me…' the corner of James' lips twitched as he thought of a possibility. He had already noticed William's strangeness, but he wasn't sure if his hunch was right. After all, if he was right then his grandson's last resort was totally understandable.

—--

William stabbed Stormcaller at the Ice Phoenix's throat in order to stop his descent in his opponent's esophagus. The Half-Elf hung in place with a smile.

"Yes! Success!" William thought as he summoned several icicles, and embedded them on the Ice Phoenix's throat, in order to create a firm foothold. After everything was done, William pulled down his pants and released the Kraken! Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

—--

Meredith was feeling smug. Although there was a slight mishap in the order of things, it didn't change the fact that it had already eaten the pesky Half-Elf who dared to tarnish its reputation.

It could sense the stares of everyone in the Misty Sect, and its eyes glowed in triumph.

'You can only blame your stupidity,' Meredith thought. 'So what if you are the one that conquered the 51st Floor of Babylon? In my eyes, you're nothing!"

The Ice Phoenix spread its wings wide and was about to utter a mighty screech to announce its victory. However, instead of a powerful cry of triumph, what escaped its mouth was…

"Purururururuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuut!"

The spectators all blink in disbelief of what they heard. For some reason, they felt that the sound was oddly familiar.

Meredith immediately clamped its mouth shut tight. It also didn't know why such a thing happened. After half a minute, it once again opened its mouth to announce its victory when it smelt something unusual.

Its nose sniffed the air and contemplated on the nature of the scent that had suddenly assaulted its senses

'Smells like sh*t,' Meredith thought as it once again closed its mouth. A few seconds later, it could taste something else as well.

'Taste like sh*t.' It was at that moment when the Ice Phoenix's eyes widened in surprise. Its face then suddenly turned red, then green after coming into a realization.

"I'll kill you!" Meredith roared in anger. Its voice descended from the sky like a hammer and the entirety of the MIsty Sect trembled due to its might.

It couldn't believe that someone was unscrupulous enough to do something so shameless inside its body.

"William Von Ainsworth! I'll kill you!" Meredith's hate-filled cry resounded in the heavens. It had never hated a mortal as much as it hated William at this point in time. If curses could kill, the Half-Elf would have died a thousand times already.

Unfortunately, it couldn't, so the red-headed teenager continued to finish his business, which made the Guardian of the Savadeen Mountains almost crazy with anger.