Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The Ice Phoenix started to fly erratically in the air as if it was suffering from an epilepsy attack.

The members of the Misty Sect could tell that something terrible was happening to their Guardian, but they had no idea what it was. Thea and the Elders looked anxiously at their guardian who seemed to be suffering from a stomachache.

Their guests had the same thought as them. Although they weren't a hundred percent certain, they believed that the one that was responsible for Meredith's current circumstance was none other than William.

"Maybe Will is harming the Ice Phoenix from inside," Ian said before glancing at the beautiful Princess seated by her side. "What do you think, Princess?"

Morgana was currently the one in control of Princess Sidonie's body, and she nodded her head in agreement."That is the only thing that I can think of at the moment. I think Darling knew that he had no chance in fighting Meredith in a head on collision, so he decided to infiltrate its body and destroy it from within.'

Chiffon looked at the Ice Phoenix that was struggling to fly in the sky with amusement. "Will is really amazing. Even an Ice Phoenix is no match for him."

Sun Wukong spat the wine he was drinking at Zhu who was seated in front of him. The chubby young man looked at Sun Wukong with a face filled with injustice, as he wiped the wine off his face, and expensive clothes.

"Senior Brother, you should at least conform with the basic etiquette when you are in a social gathering," Zhu said in a helpless voice.

"Sorry," Sun Wukong waved his hand. "I'll go wash up. I'll be back later."

The powerful monkey king hurriedly stood up and headed straight towards the washroom. As a being of its caliber, Sun Wukong was able to see through things using the power of his Fiery Golden Eyes.

His eyes could allow him to identify evil no matter what form it takes. Right now, William was doing a very evil thing and he regretted his decision because the scene he witnessed was the uncensored version.

"%%^^$&^!" Sun Wukong cursed when he reached his destination. There were things that you couldn't unsee once you saw them. This was one of those times when the Monkey King wished that he hadn't allowed his curiosity to get the best of him.

Rebecca, who was in the arena, frowned. She had formed a contract with Meredith and they shared their senses to each other. Although the young genius couldn't fully grasp what was happening to the Ice Phoenix, she was feeling a terrible sense of dread that wouldn't go away no matter how hard she tried to calm herself.

Meanwhile inside Meredith's body…

"Whoa!" William who was still in the middle of his business summoned more Ice Spears and embedded it on the Ice Phoenix's throat, in order to stabilize his position.

"Time out!" William shouted. "I'm still not done!"

'I'll kill you!' Meredith's powerful telepathic voice reached William's mind and the Half-Elf could feel its strong murderous intent.

"Just calm your tits. After I'm done, I'll fight you for two hundred rounds!"

'Die!'

Meredith's movements became more erratic and it could feel its face burn in shame and humiliation due to William's immoral actions.

"F*ck! This birdbrain has lost it!" William felt anxious because everything around him was shaking like crazy.

A few minutes later, William finished his business, and immediately used cleansing spells to clean himself. The Half-Elf knew the importance of proper hygiene, so he didn't skimp in using the power of the elements to purify his body after conducting his business.

"Since you want to play rough, I'll show you how I play rough!" William shouted in anger.

He didn't even feel any guilt in using the Ice Phoenix's throat as his personal cubicle. He was even angered because Meredith was making things difficult for him as he took a dump.

William summoned the Chamberpot of Serenity with an evil glint in his eyes.

"Optimus, remove my sense of smell!" William ordered as he summoned the Chamberpot of Serenity. "It's payback time!"

< ...Done. >

William sniffed around to confirm that he couldn't smell anything. After confirming that his sense of smell had been disabled, he aimed the opening of the chamberpot downwards.

"Mwahahahaha! Time for you to suffer!" William roared in laughter. "Eat Sh*t Motherf*cker!"

The chamberpot glowed briefly before its seal was opened. Just like a dam that had been broken, a wave of night soil descended down like a torrential river, straight towards the Ice Phoenix's stomach.

Meredith felt the changes that were happening in its body and its face grew pale. If in the past, it was just flying erratically, now it was like an earthworm that had been sprinkled with salt.

Rebecca's face also grew pale as she finally realized what was happening inside the Guardian's body. Her body unconsciously shuddered as she forcefully severed the connection between her and the Ice Phoenix who was wreaking havoc on the entirety of the Savadeen Mountains.

After an internal struggle, the Ice Phoenix flew towards the heavens in a fury. Its body glowed brightly as it ascended several thousands of meters in the sky.

"You disgusting Halfbreed. I will send you to the afterlife even if it's the last thing I do!"

It's rage-filled voice reverberated, allowing everyone around the Savadeen Mountains to hear it.

Something inside of Meredith had snapped, and it stopped caring anymore. There was only one thing on its mind and that was to kill Wiliam by self detonation.

< Warning! Strong magical energy overload detected! >

'What's going on, Optimus?' William asked. He could feel the strong magical fluctuations around him, and his senses were telling him that it wasn't anything good.

< According to my calculations, Meredith has decided to self destruct in order to kill you. There are only thirty seconds left before this Ice Phoenix's body detonates. >

William hurriedly sealed the lid of the Chamberpot of Serenity and stored it away. He didn't expect that Meredith would be decisive enough to use this method in order to send him to the afterlife.

'F*ck! I guess I went too far. Maybe I should have asked it politely if I could take a dump inside its throat.'

< … >

Optimus was at a loss of words due to William's logic. Although it was the one that had proposed this idea, it was Will's decision to summon the Chamberpot of Serenity, and unleash a torrent of unworldly filth inside the body of the pitiful Pseudo-Demigod.

The System even thought that if the same were to happen to it, it might have chosen the same outcome as Meredith, and opted to self-destruct in order to kill William.

< 15 seconds before Self-Destruction…>

< 9 seconds…>

< 5 seconds… >

—--

A powerful explosion erupted in the atmosphere. A blinding light illuminated the heavens and it was seen for many miles around the Savadeen Mountains.

Thea, the Sect Master of the Misty Sect, heard a cracking sound come from the necklace that hung on her neck. The crystal on her necklace was something that was passed to all the Sect Masters of the Misty Sect.

It was Meredith's life crystal, and the crack on its surface made her face turn grim. The blue crystal slowly turned black, which was the indication that Meredith had died. This made her body subconsciously tremble because she didn't expect that something like this would happen to their Guardian.

Meredith was a Phoenix, so she wouldn't really die. She would respawn in the underground sanctuary of the Misty Sect, but her rank would fall to that of a Centennial Ranked Beast.

Also, it wouldn't be able to move for a few weeks in order to recuperate from its forced rebirth that had destroyed its main body.

Suddenly a fluctuation was felt in the arena. In the place where the golden spear was embedded, a handsome Half-Elf appeared with a refreshed smile on his face.

—--

< Gained Exp: 30,000,000 >

< Congratulations! You have slain a Myriad Beast! >

< You have acquired Myriad-Grade Beast Core! >

< Special Monster First Kill Bonus Exp: 15,000,000 >

< Ding! >

< Elemental Overlord Job Class has reached its Max Level! >

< Would you like to advance to the next Job Class? >

< Yes / No >

—--

William's smile widened when he read the information on his status page. His Elemental Overlord Job Class had reached its max level, and now it could be upgraded to its final form, Elemental Archon.

'Sweet!' William wanted to laugh out loud, but he was currently being watched by many people, so he decided to play it cool and just smile evilly. His fight against Rebecca was still not over. Now was not the time to laugh like his grandfather when he wanted to brag to his friends.

When Rebecca saw William's smile, she felt her entire body shudder. However, it didn't end there. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

When she saw the item in William's hand, she unconsciously took a step back. It was the item that had made Meredith suffer, and seeing it first hand made Rebecca relieve the sensations that the Ice Phoenix had suffered.

"Well then," William said as he raised the chamberport, pointing in Rebecca's direction. "It's your turn. Are you ready for this?"

Rebecca's stomach lurched as she stared at the damnable item in William's hand.. In her eyes, it was the most ominous thing in the world, and no one, alive or dead, would want to be on the receiving end of that dastardly weapon, which would give someone a trauma that would last for the rest of their lives.