William took a step forward, and Rebecca took three steps back.

Several images flashed through her mind and she hurriedly covered her mouth with both of her hands, in order to prevent herself from throwing up. Her expression became extremely pale, which was unbecoming of the label of a young genius born every few hundred years.

Seeing his opponent's pretty face dyed with panic, William came to a realization. A devilish smile appeared on his lips as he lowered the chamberpot in his hands.

"Do you still want to fight?" William asked.

Rebecca firmly shook her head. She would rather concede than face a fate that was worse than death.

"So you concede?" William inquired as the smile on his face widened.

Rebecca nodded like a hen pecking rice. Her hands were still blocking her mouth, so she wasn't able to utter any words. Even so, her action was more than enough to tell everyone that she had lost the will to fight.

"Very well," William stored the chamberpot away and casually used water magic to wash the hands that he had used to hold it. "Since I won this match, I get to give you one order. This is the deal that we had back then, right?"

After Wiliam had stored the chamberpot away, Rebecca was finally able to breathe a sigh of relief and removed the hands covering her lips. Although her expression was still a bit pale, it was starting to recover its color.

The proud inner disciple of the Misty Sect reluctantly nodded her head. They indeed had that agreement, and Rebecca had already resigned herself to her fate.

"From now on our marriage agreement is officially null and void," William stated. "You are free to do whatever you want to do with your life. Who you want to marry in the future is none of my business. I order you to live your life to the fullest, and live it without regrets. That is all. Our grudges end here."

William didn't even bother to wait for Rebecca's reply and walked out of the arena. He headed towards the banquet in order to get some free grub. He had just emptied his stomach, and now he was feeling very hungry.

Rebecca watched him go with a complicated expression on her face. A few seconds later, her gaze shifted to the angelic familiar who was looking back at her with a meaningful smile.

She bit her lip because she remembered the agreement she had with Elliot, and it made her feel depressed. One of the shackles that bound her was removed, but another rose up to take its place. According to their agreement, she would become the familiar's subordinate for two years, since she had lost her battle with William.

Elliot smirked before flying towards William. They would be staying in the Savadeen Mountains for a few more days, so he had plenty of time to get acquainted with his new subordinate.

As William walked towards his lovers, everyone was paying close attention to him. The old men looked at him with great interest. The teenage men looked at him in envy and jealousy, while the girls looked at him with a passionate gaze.

William ignored them all and continued walking. However, before he reached Princess Sidonie's table, he felt some familiar presence not far from where he stood. Shifting his gaze to the VIP seats of the Misty Sect, he saw a brown haired young man that was looking at him with a smirk. There was a little girl seated beside him, but the latter was busy eating the peach in her hand.

The Half-Elf frowned because although this was the first time he had seen the young man, he was sure that he knew him. A few seconds later, his gaze landed on the chubby young man, and the scholarly man that was looking back at him with a smile.

"Long time no see, Oink," the chubby young man said.

William's eyes widened in shock before a happy expression appeared on his face. He only knew of one person that added Oink to their speech, and it was none other than the Demonic Pig who had fought by his side within the Heavenly Domain.

"Zhu!" William happily walked towards his old companion's direction and gave the chubby young man a hug. "What are you doing here? I thought the Jade Empero–mmh!"

Sha hurriedly covered William's mouth with his hand and whispered something in the Half-Elf's ears. It was not advisable to discuss anything related to the Gods of the Temple in public.

After hearing Sha's statement, William nodded his head to inform the scholar that he understood.

The Half-Elf laughed and also gave Sha a hug. He was very happy to see them. William thought that his two friends decided to pay him a visit before passing through the cycle of reincarnation. What he didn't know was that the two demons were smuggled to the world of Hestia by Sun Wukong because of their request.

"Your Excellency, it is a great surprise to see you here," William bowed respectfully to Sun Wukong. Everytime he used his Heroic Avatar, he could feel the Monkey King's enormous strength, which had helped him greatly in the war of the Southern Continent.

"I just came here to sightsee," Sun Wukong replied as he patted William's shoulder. "It's good to see that you are doing well."

The Half-Elf, Sun Wukong, Zhu, and Sha chatted happily to the surprise of the members of the Misty Sect.

The other representatives of the different factions who had seen Sun Wukong's might a few days ago were also shocked. William's lively chat with the three mysterious personages was enough to tell them that the red-headed teenager and the Demigod knew each other, and seemed to be very close.

"You guys, are you sure about this?" William asked. After hearing Zhu's purpose for coming to his homeworld, the Half-Elf felt very touched. He couldn't believe that they threw their golden ticket to reincarnate in a higher world, just to repay the kindness that he had given them.

"Bros for life, Oink," Zhu said with a smile. "I won't feel comfortable until my debt to you is settled. For the time being, I'll stick with you until I repay you in full."

"That goes the same for me as well," Sha commented from the side. "We owe you our freedom, Will. It is only normal that we reciprocate your kindness." T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Sun Wukong nodded his head. He couldn't stay long in Hestia, so he couldn't join the three in their adventures. The most he could do was watch their escapades from the Celestial Realm, while drinking wine.

Princess Sidonie, Ian, and Chiffon, had joined them after being invited over by William. Zhu told the three ladies about William's battle against the Celestial Army in the Heavenly Domain.

Sun Wukong had already used his powers to prevent others from spying on their discussion, so Zhu was able to talk without holding back any information. Princess Sidonie and Chiffon were the maidens of the Seven Deadly Sins, which allowed them to converse with their Patron Gods.

William had already met Eros and Adephagia, so he deemed that it was not a problem for them to know what had transpired in the Celestial Realm. The same could be said for Ian, who had already met Issei. The beautiful mermaid was made aware of the training William was doing while he was in a coma

When the girls found out about Sun Wukong's identity, all of them bowed to him in respect. They bowed to him, not because he was a Demigod, but because of the help he had given William during his time of need.

While William and his group were talking merrily, the elders of the Misty Sect were feeling depressed. Now that their Guardian had regressed once again, they felt wary of the stares that were given to them by the factions of the Central Continent.

Without the protection of their Guardian, their Sect was like a lamb that was surrounded by wolves on all sides. Unless they received some strong help on their side, their thousand year dominion was in danger of being trampled on by the other powerful factions that held grudges against them.

Those that had long disliked the Misty Sect due to their arrogance were laughing in their hearts. They were like the vultures and hyenas that were waiting for the lion to finish killing their prey. Once the animal had bled enough, they would charge forth in order to take a bite of the animal that didn't have the power to resist their advances.