Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"Everyone, thank you for being part of the celebration of our Misty Sect," Thea said while standing on a platform.

Today was the last day of the feast that they had prepared for their Founding Day Celebrations and then, after this, their guests would leave the next day to return to their respective territories.

The four representatives of the factions that bordered the domain of the Misty Sect had smiles on their faces. They had already sent a report of the battle and its conclusion to their respective leaders. It was only a matter of time before the once prosperous Sect of the Savadeen Mountains fell into their hands.

"It has been a pleasure hosting all of you here, and I pray that there will be more occasions where we can all gather and enjoy each other's company," Thea stated. She had already prepared herself to make the announcement, but deep inside, she was feeling very bitter.

However, she also knew that this was the only way she could preserve the legacy that their sect had built for over a thousand years.

"Today, I will step down from my position as Sect Master," Thea announced. "A new era is at hand, so it is only fair that the management of the Sect change hands."

Several of the guests were surprised by Thea's announcement, but their surprise didn't last long. They understood that the Misty Sect was on its last legs, so they thought that Thea was planning to run away and leave her subordinates to fend for themselves.

"Well said, Sect Master," the representative of the Glory sect clapped his hands in approval. "A new era is indeed at hand. I sincerely hope that you enjoy your early retirement."

"Retirement is good." The representative of the Rinoa Kingdom nodded his head in agreement. "Although you're still young, retiring early is not a bad thing. At least, you won't have to suffer again."

The representatives of the Two Empires didn't say anything and simply smiled. Whether Thea retired or not was not important. They knew that the end would still be the same, and there was nothing Thea could do to stop it.

Thea glanced at her rivals, as she used her willpower to finish the rest of her announcement.

"Without further delay, let me introduce our new Sect Master to everyone," Thea declared as she made a gesture. "All Hail his Excellency, James Von Ainsworth!"

""All Hail!""

A handsome old man walked towards Thea with confidence. A confident smile hung on his face, as he faced the various powers of the world.

All the Elders, as well as the inner disciples of the sect bowed their heads respectfully. They had been briefed a few hours ago about their Sect Master's decision to step down from her position.

Even though the regular disciples didn't know why it happened, they decided to trust their Elders, and pay tribute to their new Sect Master.

"Good day, everyone." James greeted the people who were looking back at him in disbelief. "From this day onwards, I will be the new Sect Master of the Misty Sect, and Lady Thea will be the Vice-Sect Master."

James chuckled internally because he had already anticipated this outcome. Even Lawrence, as well as his old friends from the Hellan Kingdom, looked at him with dumbfounded expressions.

Even Wendy's grandfather, Jevan, thought that this was just a prank. However, Thea and the Elders all had serious expressions on their faces, which meant that the old scammer had indeed become the New Sect Master of one of the most powerful Sects in the Central Continent.

"I am not someone who likes to give long speeches, so I'll just keep it short," James said. "The Misty Sect now belongs to me, so hands off. If any of you think that you can steal what is mine then feel free to do it. I am looking forward to playing with all of you."

Two men walked towards James and stood by his side. One was Vlad, the other was Sun Wukong. Some already knew who Sun Wukong was, but they didn't know who Vlad was. All of them were very curious about the identity of this man who followed James around.

Vlad and Sun Wukong glanced at each other before nodding their heads at the same time.

Immediately, the powerful aura of two Demigods burst forth from their bodies.

The expressions of everyone present changed drastically, especially those belonging to the Misty Sect's four neighbors. They thought that the Savadeen Mountains were already in the bag, but this development made them feel that they may have unknowingly kicked the hornet's nest.

When Vlad and Sun Wukong stopped releasing their auras, James cleared his throat and continued his speech. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

"I am William's grandfather," James stated. "I have met several of your envoys in the Tower of Babylon. My grandson has given me full authority over his property in Babylon. This also means that the task of looking for potential partners for collaborations is in my hands.

"Any faction who dares to annoy me will be blacklisted from the Tower of Babylon. Their accomplices will also not be allowed to advance on the upper floors, especially the floors that fall under our Family's jurisdiction."

James paused as he allowed his words to be digested by everyone around him. A minute later, he continued his speech and dropped another bomb.

"I forgot to add that I am also the former Commander of the Red Plague," James said in a teasing tone. "I will be more than happy to ravage– I mean, visit the people who touch what is mine. That is all, I bid you all a good day and please, enjoy the feast that My Sect has prepared for each and everyone of you."

James walked away from the platform with a smug expression on his face. He felt very good because it had been a while since he had pulled off a heist as big as this.

Just as he expected, Thea had come to meet with him late last night in order to talk about the future of the Misty Sect.

James wasn't someone who shied away from an opportunity to earn big. Since the entire Sect had now been given to him, he could only happily accept the gift with both hands.

Now that he was the Sect Master, it was only natural to protect his family's property.

After James walked down the platform, he didn't leave the venue. He closed in on the four representatives of his new neighbors, with a smile that made the bodies of the four men shudder.

"Thea told me that you four bastards planned to take what is mine yesterday." James chuckled as he patted the shoulder of the representative that belonged to the Glory Sect. "You've got guts. You dare to steal what belongs to me?"

"I-I didn't know that the Misty Sect belonged to you, Lord James," the Elder of the Glory Sect stuttered. "If I knew, I wouldn't have done what I did."

James grinned as he nodded his head in agreement. "Of course, I understand. This is why we need to talk about how you are going to compensate me for emotional distress."

The old scammer also glanced at the three other representatives that belonged to the Rinoa Kingdom, Elun Empire, and the Aiur Empire. Only a fool would pass up this great opportunity to add more gold coins to their family's treasury.

"You guys are in cahoots with each other, so you're not off the hook," James said in a teasing tone. "Don't worry, I won't ask for much, but the compensation must satisfy me. If not, I will take my two Demigod Friends, as well as the Red Plague to conquer– I mean, to visit your territories and have afternoon tea with your bosses."

Thea and the Elders of the Misty Sect, who overheard the discussion, felt very happy. Seeing the people who had once threatened them with an ultimatum, being threatened in return by James made them gloat in their hearts.

It was also at this moment when they realized that they had made the right decision in handing the Misty Sect over to James' hand. Not only was the old coot decisive enough to take the entire sect as his own, he even found an excuse to extort other people!

William who was subtly paying attention to Thea's and the Elders' expressions laughed in his heart. He knew that this was James' plan to make the top brass of the Misty Sect feel indebted to, and give their respect to, him.

'With this, the reluctance in their hearts will decrease by a good margin,' William thought as he watched his grandpa in action. 'All that is left to do is tie up some loose ends, then go to Hestia Academy to have the next tier of the Familiamancer Class unlocked.

"After that, I will wait for my father's acquaintance to find me. Once the true power of the Dungeon Conqueror has been unlocked, I can go to the Silvermoon Continent to visit my mother."

William sighed in his heart. He thought that it would still take him a few years before he could be reunited with his mother in the Silvermoon Continent. Now that he had the power to protect himself, he didn't have to worry about the Elven Clans who had made him their mortal enemy.

Once the full power of the Dungeon Conqueror was unlocked, it was only a matter of time before he would be in command of countless armies, just like his father, Maxwell, had been when he was still at the peak of his powers.