Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

William watched the Undying Lands until it vanished from his sight.

Malacai had activated its stealth ability, and no one knew where the giant floating island would appear next.

Although William didn't know what Malacai's goal was, one thing was certain, the Dracolich was not his enemy. Malacai had made this perfectly clear to him, and the Half-Elf could tell his sincerity.

Before Malacai left, he said some parting words to William. He told the Half-Elf that if they ever meet in the future, William should pretend that they didn't know each other.

The red-headed teenager didn't say anything, because there was no need for words. He believed that those who had participated in the war of the Southern Continent would be able to recognize the powerful Undead Army that had made a deep impression in their hearts.

There were many smart people in the world, and it would be fairly easy for them to connect the dots.

Afterall, there was only one Nuckelavee in the world. Once they saw the Devil of the Sea rampage in the battlefield, they would associate it with William. Even if he denied it, no one would believe him.

"I guess I'll cross that bridge when I get there," William muttered. "Till we meet again, Malacai."

—--

Malacai hovered above the floating island as he navigated Avalon through the skies of the Central Continent.

He had been trapped inside the Undying lands for thousands of years, and the geography of the world had changed with the passing of time. He planned to travel across the Central Continent to map its regions, and familiarize himself with it.

William had given him the general layout of the world, and the various factions that resided in it. Of course, Malacai planned to verify the information with his own eyes in order to plan for the future. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Among the various empires in the list that William had given him, there was one particular name that caught his attention.

"The Ares Empire…," Malacai said softly. "Fortunately, Astarte has left her descendants behind. They will be of great help in what is to come."

Avalon flew steadily in the sky above the clouds. Its first destination was the Amazon Empire. Malacai wanted to know if the blood of the Warrior Goddess was just as powerful as it was in the past.

He was going to pay a visit to the descendants of his acquaintances who had fought with him during the darkest era of the world. Time was of the essence, and the Dracolich had no intention of wasting it.

—-

Two weeks passed, and the flying carriage of Emperor Leonidas finally reached the border of the Kraetor Empire.

A one way teleportation gate had already been established, so it didn't take long before the Emperor, along with his entourage, arrived at the capital city of the Kraetor Empire, Azmar.

"Sidonie, have you already told William that the two of you will be married two weeks from now?" Emperor Leonidas asked.

Princess Sidonie nodded her head. "He already knows, Your Majesty. He will be there on the promised date."

"Good. The arrangements have already been made. The two of you only need to appear and everything will fall into place."

"Thank you, Your Majesty."

Emperor Leonidas nodded his head and went back to the castle to rest. Everyone did the same and returned to their temporary residences in the capital city.

Kenneth, Lilith, and Pearl were Princess Sidonie's guests, so they were given VIP treatment. Empress Andraste still needed to do things in the Ares Empire, so she tasked Lilith to be her representative at Princess Sidonie's wedding.

Lilith had no complaints because she wanted to know more about William. The Half-Elf intrigued her. No one knew what happened during his battle with Meredith. Everyone had their own speculations, but none were able to confirm it.

Everyone agreed that William had infiltrated Meredith's body and attacked it from inside. That was the only explanation that they could think of. Even William's lovers believed that this was the case.

Two weeks later, the wedding was held as planned.

Princess Sidonie wore a beautiful wedding dress that made her look divine. The hearts of all young men were broken when they saw the lady of their dreams. They had seen many beautiful women in the past, but none were as beautiful as the Princess who was about to marry the handsome Half-Elf whose popularity was at its peak.

"If I could marry her, I would die without regrets."

"To be able to spend the night with such a beauty is every man's dream. I'm so envious!"

"That William boy is so lucky. He will be able to have his way with the Princess! If only she had met me first."

"Hello? Have you looked in the mirror? Why would the Princess marry someone who looks like a sardine? It's about time that you faced reality."

All the guys could only sigh as they thought about the lucky Half-Elf, who would be marrying the granddaughter of Emperor Leonidas. The heirs of the High-Ranking Nobles were disappointed as well. They had all tried to ask for the princess' hand in marriage, but she firmly rejected their advances.

Now, they could only look at her from afar, and curse the Half-Elf who was lucky enough to be able to take her maidenhood on their wedding night.

What they didn't know was that the pure maiden in their minds, had lost her purity long ago. Of course, no one knew this except for William, Ian, and Chiffon. Even Emperor Leonidas was not aware that her granddaughter had already been stamped by William's seal of approval!

William was wearing a black suit that highlighted his red-hair and light-green eyes. The ladies of the realm giggled when they saw him. There were also two little familiars floating by his side who were wearing similar clothes.

One wore white, the other black. Just like William, both of them were very handsome. If not for the fact that they were only as tall as an adult's hand, both of them would definitely be the target of the noble ladies who were looking for an eligible candidate to marry.

Elliot threw flying kisses to the beautiful ladies that Willliam passed as he walked towards the altar.

Conan, on the other hand, had a serious expression on his face, as if he was the one that was about to get married.

The moment the Half-Elf stood side by side with Princess Sidonie, everyone thought that they were a match made in heaven. Both of them complimented each other and everyone was certain that their children would be just as good looking as they were.

The ceremony proceeded without any mishaps. Both of them exchanged rings and kissed in front of everyone.

Somewhere in the venue, Prince Jason looked at the woman of his dreams with a calm expression on his face. In the past, he did everything he could so that he would be the one to marry Princess Sidonie. However, after the world-wide announcement, he knew that his chance had flown away.

This was why he had resorted to drinking. It was the only way he knew of that could help him forget about his heartbreak.

"Does it still hurt?" Princess Vanessa asked as she placed her soft hand over her beloved's chest.

"Yes," Prince Jason replied. "It hurts."

Princess Vanessa nodded her head in understanding and hugged her Prince tightly. She knew that time would heal everything. "Don't worry. I will make you forget her soon enough."

Prince Jason lowered his head. He then looked at the collar that was on Princess Vanessa's neck, and caressed her face gently.

"Let's go," Prince Jason said. "I've seen enough."

"Okay," Princess Vanessa nodded and allowed herself to be led away by the one she had loved for many years.

William glanced in their direction before wishing for their happiness in his heart. He had asked the System to look for Prince Jason in the crowd, because he thought that the latter would do something to mess up his wedding with Sidonie.

Fortunately, the Prince simply watched from afar, and left with Princess Vanessa to find their own happiness in life.

'I pray that the next time we meet, we will be friends and not enemies,' William prayed in his heart as he watched them disappear in the distance.

The Half-Elf was not the only one who was looking in Prince Jason's and Princess Vanessa's direction. Emperor Leonidas and Prince Maximilian were doing the same. They gave the two of them their silent blessing and wished for their happiness.

William and Princess Sidonie left the venue while being showered by cheers and applause from everyone in the kingdom.

Lilith stared at the two of them with an indifferent gaze. However, deep inside she was already making plans of her own.

The Amazon Princess was aware that William was keeping his distance from her, but she wasn't too bothered by it.

Her Divinity was Greed after all.

There was nothing in the world that she couldn't take, for that was the power of her Divinity.

'If I can't have it then I'll just steal it,' Lilith mused.

High above the heavens, inside the Temple of the Ten Thousand Gods, a certain Greedy Goddess chuckled. She was well aware of how stubborn her daughter was, but she believed that she had found her match in William.

"You can steal as much as you want, daughter of mine," Mammon said with a smile. "However, that also goes both ways. Since you decided to steal, you should also be prepared to have something stolen from you. I pray that the boy, William, will teach you this lesson, Lilith.. For not all treasures are silver and gold."