Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Two days had passed since William had talked to Aamon in his temple.

The Half-Elf had a meeting with Emperor Leonidas, and told him about his decision to leave the Kraetor Empire to go to Hestia Academy.

Surprisingly, the Emperor didn't forbid him from doing so, and even insisted that he take Princess Sidonie and Chiffon along with him on his journey. William was quite happy with this development, because his two wives would be coming with him to the academy.

"Hestia Academy is the biggest learning institution in the Central Continent," Emperor Leonidas said. "This is where the elites of the younger generation gather. My sons have all studied there at one point in time. Unfortunately, my grandchildren weren't able to do the same due to… conflicts in familial interest."

William knew better than to ask what this conflict was. Emperor Leonidas would soon step down from his throne, and his sons were all gunning to take his position. Because of the political struggle amongst the members of the Royal Family, the Princes and Princesses decided to stay in the capital to help their parents win the Emperor's affection.

"Since you are already part of our family, you better do your best to stand out in Hestia Academy," Emperor Leonidas patted William's shoulder. "You are very famous right now, but that won't stop a lot of people from wanting to know your true strength.

"Also, your wives are very beautiful. I'm sure that many young men will feel jealous of you, and this will cause them to make your life difficult in the academy."

William smiled and didn't say anything else. He was more than happy to dump a ton of night soil on the faces of anyone who wished to cause harm to him and his wives. The Half-Elf was sure that after they saw him in action, they would be too disgusted to even look at his face!

Emperor Leonidas had given him two flying carriages pulled by Gryphons to make the journey towards the testing area of the academy easier. Those who didn't want to, or didn't have the means take the backdoor, had to take an entrance exam.

Just like the Hellan Royal Academy, any student could enroll in it. However, they would need to pass a trial before the gates of the academy would open to them.

The fun part about the trial was that it was open year-round. Anyone who wished to take the test could visit the Island of Antilia. This island was managed by Jophiel, who was tasked with supervising all promising students who planned to enroll in Hestia Academy.

"You are not allowed to fail the entrance exam," Chloee said with a serious expression on her face. "You are my Disciple, so failing is not an option. If you fail, my reputation in the academy will take a hit."

"Sixth Master, is there an easier way to enroll in the academy without going through the trial?" William inquired. Although he was confident that he would pass the test, he felt that it was too troublesome to start from scratch.

Chloee nodded her head in acknowledgement. "Of course there is. Do you think that some of those spoiled and arrogant nobles have what it takes to pass the trials? Naturally, there is an easy way to enter the academy and that is by paying two million gold coins per person."

"That's it!" William clapped his hands together. "Wait here, I'll go ask Emperor Leonidas to give me a few million gold coins."

William was about to go and see Emperor Leonidas to get the VIP ticket to the academy when a teasing voice reached his ears from behind. Clearly, the Emperor didn't plan mention this to him when they had their talk.

"There's no need to go and see grandfather," Princess Sidonie said with a smile. "He has already given me six million gold coins, so Ian, Chiffon, and I, can enter Hestia Academy through the backdoor."

"Um? Why only six million? What about me?"

"Grandfather said that you are already rich. He added that you should pay for your own education. You are already the owner of many floors in Babylon. Paying two million gold coins is something you can easily afford."

William scratched his head because he couldn't refute her words. The only problem was that he didn't have any cash on hand. All of his money was handled by his grandfather. Knowing the old coot, the latter would fight him to the bitter end if William asked him to give him a few million for enrollment.

There was also the issue with Zhu and Sha, since both of them had just arrived in the world of Hestia. Although they had raided a bandit headquarters, along with Sun Wukong to gain some funds, it was still lacking and didn't even amount to half a million gold coins.

Lilith, who had "accidentally" walked in on their discussion, offered William an alternative.

"I can pay your enrollment fee," Lilith commented. "I can even pay the enrollment fees of your two friends. All you need to do is come with me to the Ares Empire, so I can withdraw some of your seed– I mean, withdraw some gold coins from our treasury."

William snorted and ignored Lilith's proposal. He was not a fool. The Half-Elf was aware that the moment he entered the Amazon Empire, he would only be able to come out after he was milked dry, and his hips dislocated from too much snu snu!

"No thanks," William replied. "I can handle this myself."

"Okay, but if you change your mind, my offer is always available," Lilith leaned on the wall and gave William a teasing smile.

William went to find Kenneth and told him what he was planning to do. The delicate-looking Elf replied that this issue was already taken care of in their end.

"Princess Eowyn is scheduled to enroll at Hestia Academy in order to learn more about the world," Kenneth explained. "The expedition in the Southern Continent opened up her eyes and it made her realize how big the world was. The Royal Family supports her decision because they believe that they can't stay cooped up in the Silvermoon Continent forever. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"All of those that participated in the tournament, excluding me, were to become the Princess' guardians during her stay in the academy. Their enrollment has already been paid for."

William eyed his ex-roommate with a confused look on his face. "Then how about you? Why didn't they pay for your enrollment?"

"There's no need to do that. I will take the test with you," Kenneth replied.

He didn't want to tell William that his relationship with his family was very bad. They would not bother spending anything, let alone two million gold coins, just to let him study in the Human world.

"I see. Well, I think the trial won't be an issue. Although I don't know how strong you are, Sidonie told me that you came second place in the Tournament of Champions."

"Compared to your achievement, being a runner up isn't something to be proud of."

While the two of them were talking, Kenneth suddenly felt dizzy and unconsciously grabbed on to William to steady himself.

The Half-Elf supported his body in concern because Kenneth's face had become extremely pale all of a sudden.

"What's wrong?" William asked. His tone was laced with concern which secretly made Kenneth happy.

In truth, Kenneth didn't know if William still thought of him as a real friend, and was merely being civil with him because he was Lady Arwen's disciple.

"I'm fine," Kenneth replied as he took a step back from William. "This is a normal occurrence, so there's no need for concern. When are we going to leave?"

William didn't pry any further because he could see that the silver-haired Elf's face had regained its color. He told him that they would leave in two days and head towards the island of Antilia in order to take the test of Hestia Academy.

After making sure that Kenneth was really fine, William set out in order to prepare for their journey. He was only one trial away from fulfilling his promise to Est, Ian, and Isaac, so he was looking forward to meeting Shannon in the academy.

'I just hope that her problem isn't too hard to solve,' William thought as he walked along the hallway of the palace. 'Est, wait for me.. I miss you.'