Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Hellan Kingdom…

"Young Master, what's wrong?" Isaac asked as he looked at Est with concern.

Est shook his head as he picked up the book that had fallen on the floor. "Nothing. I just thought I heard William's voice."

Elizabeth, Est's mother, smiled as she looked at her daughter with a knowing glance. This was not the first time that her daughter's thoughts had wandered when she was alone and had nothing to do.

She knew that Est had wanted to travel with William to the Kraetor Empire, but King Noah had prevented her from doing so. After Prince Lionel had been executed, and Prince Rufus exiled from the kingdom, only Prince Ernest was left.

King Noah had decided to raise him as the next ruler, and Est became his study partner. Since she was unable to accompany William to the Central Continent, Est tasked Ian to take her place and keep the Half-Elf safe.

Although she knew that William had a legion of Beasts to protect him, she was still worried about his safety.

"Young Master, My Lady, we should be leaving for Lont soon," Isaac reminded Est and Elizabeth.

They had been invited to celebrate Eve's seventh birthday. The nobles of the Kingdom were doing their best to form a good relationship with the Ainsworth Family, but James was aloof and ignored their advances.

Only a select few, like Est, had managed to keep close ties with William's family, and this was largely due to the Half-Elf's influence.

"Is everything prepared?" Elizabeth asked.

Isaac nodded. "Yes, My Lady. Sir Herman and Lady Nana have just finished preparing the carriage. We can leave anytime."

"Let's go," Elizabeth replied. "Arriving early is also a good thing."

This was not the first time that Elizabeth had visited Lont. Due to William's invitation, she would go there at least once a month to breathe some fresh air, and play with the adorable Eve, who was growing into a fine young lady.

Elizabeth's health gradually became better thanks to her short vacations to the countryside. Usually, the trip from the Capital to Lont would take four days, but after the war, James had built a teleportation gate in the center of his three territories, which were managed by his son, Mordred.

Since then, the trade in the countryside had increased and several merchants had made the place more lively.

Once they passed through the teleportation gate, it would only take half an hour to reach Lont when using a flying carriage. This was why Elizabeth could enjoy her short vacations in Lont, and not worry about the exhausting travel from the capital to the countryside.

When they arrived, they saw several familiar faces as well.

William's two knights, Dave and Conrad, were already there and having a lively conversation with Matthew, who had recently become a father to a beautiful baby girl.

Leah was in the kitchen helping Helen with the celebration dishes that they were going to serve for Eve's birthday party.

"Grandma!" A lively voice greeted Elizabeth as soon as she strolled towards the garden.

Suddenly, a seven-year old girl with long red hair ran towards her with a big smile on her face.

"Eve!" Elizabeth hugged the treasure of the Ainsworth family and kissed both of her cheeks. "Did you behave like a good girl while I was away?"

"Un!"

"Good girl."

Ariadne, Eve's mentor, walked towards the two, followed by seven ducks and a white goose, who served as Eve's protectors.

Just like always, no one could remember what she looked like. Only Eve was able to see through her ability, and not forget her appearance.

"Good day to you, Lady Elizabeth," Ariadne greeted.

Est's mother looked up at the approaching oracle, and nodded her head in acknowledgement.

"Miss Ariadne, I pray that you have been well since our last meeting."

"Well enough to be able to catch that mischievous girl whenever she plays truant and does not attend my classes."

Elizabeth giggled because she had already expected this answer. Eve was a free spirit and she would always do things depending on her mood. She had been raised with love and care, and although she was not really a spoiled child, everyone was willing to pamper her since she was loved by all.

"Everyone, lunch is ready," Helen said as she stepped into the garden to fetch Elizabeth, Eve, and Ariadne. "Eve, come with me for a bit. I made a dress for this occasion."

"Un!" Eve bid Elizabeth and Ariadne goodbye as she followed Helen back to the house. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Her dress was dirty because she had been out in the fields, playing with the ducks. If not for the fact that today was her birthday, she might have gone on an adventure, bringing the ducks and goose with her.

Elizabeth sighed after Eve entered the house.

"Are you really going to take Eve to the Central Continent half a year from now?" Elizabeth asked Ariadne who was standing beside her.

The Oracle of the Herd nodded her head. "She has learned almost everything that she can learn here in Lont. We need to go on a pilgrimage to the Central Continent, so she can officially receive the blessing in the Main Temple of the Gods.

"All the Oracles that have come before her have done the same. It is only a matter of time before her powers are fully awakened."

"But, isn't it still too early?" Elizabeth asked. "She had just turned seven. Can't that pilgrimage wait until she's a bit older?"

Ariadne shook her head. "The prophecy of the Elves is reaching maturity, and soon, the Dark Prince will reveal himself. Eve needs to receive the blessing of her Patron God, so she will be protected from the threat that will cover the entire world in darkness. If she misses this chance, it may never come again. So, although she is still young, it is imperative that we go to the Central Continent."

Ariadne's tone was firm. She had seen things in her vision that she couldn't share with anyone. The reason she would wait half a year before journeying to the Central Continent was because King Minos would be sending his sons, Icarus and Daedalus, to accompany them on their journey.

The two Beasts were about to have a breakthrough in their strength and, according to King Minos, it would take them half a year to consolidate their powers.

Although the white goose was strong, it was only at the peak of the Millennial Rank. Only a few could match it in the Southern Continent, but its strength would only be average in the Central Continent.

In the place where the major powers of the world congregated, there were many crouching tigers and hidden dragons that lurked within its vast landscape.

Only the power of Myriad Beasts would ensure Eve's safety, so Ariadne was willing to wait for the two minotaurs to upgrade their strength, so they could serve as Eve's bodyguards.

"I will miss her terribly," Elizabeth sighed for the second time. "Lont will never be the same without her."

Ariadne shared Elizabeth's opinion, but she was someone who could see the bigger picture. Eve's fate wasn't tied to the Southern Continent because this stage was too small for her.

Ariadne knew that the fleeting peace that they were experiencing right now would soon come to an end, and a battle of unprecedented proportions was about to begin.