Screams erupted in the forest as the examinees found themselves face to face with thousands of Dire Wolves, and their leader, the Thunder Horned Wolf.

None of the teenagers were weak. Even though they were completely outnumbered, they had the ability to overcome the ferocious Dire Wolves that were eyeing them with greed. The only problem was that none of them were strong enough to fight against a Millennial Beast at its peak stage.

If it was only a Centennial Beast, they could probably beat it. But, a Millennial Beast was too much for these examinees, and the mere sight of it unnerved them.

"You can put me down now," Kenneth said as he opened his eyes.

He awoke because he felt something that could potentially threaten his life. After looking at the Beast Army in front of him, Kenneth knew that William was enough to easily defeat all of the Direwolves, including their leader, even if he fought alone.

"Okay." William nodded his head.

Just as soon as Kenneth's feet touched the ground, the Thunder Horned Wolf roared and the thousands of Dire Wolves attacked en masse.

William didn't care too much about the Dire Wolves because he believed that the examinees were strong enough to handle them. However, he still gave an order to Elliot and Conan to keep the teenagers from getting killed by the Wolf Army.

"Do you need help?" Zhu asked.

William shook his head. "I am more than enough to play with this thing."

"Okay. We'll just look after the others," Zhu commented. Just like William, he wasn't worried about a mere Millennial Beast. He was not aware that the Thunder Horned Wolf's last resort was strong enough to wipe out an entire capital of a kingdom when push came to shove.

The Thunder Horned Wolf's final attack, Storm Annihilation, was as powerful as a full-powered attack by a Myriad Beast.

Among all the Millennial Beasts, only this particular wolf was capable of doing that. Only those with complete confidence in their abilities would actively provoke this sinister beast, who was notorious for mass destruction.

William flew towards the Thunder Horned Wolf to prevent it from joining the fray and hurting everyone.

The two forces clashed and the battlefield became extremely chaotic.

Howls, grunts, shouts, roars, and screams reverberated in the air as the examinees fought with everything they had.

"Ahh!" The pretty girl who bought Elliot's charm was hit by an Air Blast from an Alpha Wolf, and her body slammed to a tree.

She had been seriously injured. Her face became instantly pale when she saw the two-meter wolf charging in her direction. The examinees who were fighting near her were too busy, fending off other Dire Wolves, so no one was able to give her any support.

Just as the wolf lunged at the girl to bite her head off, a lightning bolt hit its face, and sent it flying a few meters back.

"Miss Beautiful, worry not, for I, Elliot, am here to save you," Elliot said as he floated between the wolf and the pretty girl.

Lightning sparked around his body and a powerful wave of energy erupted from his fingertip.

"Chain Lightning!"

A lightning bolt that was as thick as an electric pole, obliterated the Alpha Wolf, turning its body into a piece of charcoal. However, it didn't end there. Just as the name suggested, the lightning passed through the other wolves that were near its location.

The pretty girl's mouth hung open as she looked at the unbelievable scene in front of her. She never expected the little familiar, whom she bought her lucky charm from, to easily kill the Alpha Wolf that almost ended her life.

"All those who bought lucky charms from me are under my protection," Elliot said as he flicked his hair in arrogance. "Girls, stand behind me. I'll deal with these small fries. As long as I, Elliot, am around, I will not let them touch even a strand of your precious hairs."

Elliot fired a barrage of lightning bolts at the Dire Wolves that had panicked after one of their leaders had died. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

The Alpha Wolf was a Rank C Beast, and the other Dire Wolves were Rank D.

For Elliot and Conan who had faced stronger opponents in the Dungeon of Atlantis, this battle was a walk in the park and carried no suspense.

"Shield Bash!" Conan summoned a shield and slammed it into a Dire Wolf who had escaped Elliot's powerful attacks. Just as he was about to look for another target, he heard a call of help coming from a teenage boy who was being assaulted by six Dire Wolves.

"Help!" the teenage boy screamed in desperation as the wolves tried to attack him in every direction. He could handle two wolves at a time, but six wolves was something way beyond his abilities.

Just as he was about to be attacked from his blindspot, a round shield flew in the air and smashed the head of the wolf who used a sneak attack on the boy. It then flew towards the other wolves, hitting them all in the head, and giving them serious concussions.

"Shield Boomerang!" Conan summoned more shields and hurled them in different directions. Although he specialized in defense, the Devil Familiar had learned two offensive skills after William had reached the max level of the Familiamancer Class.

Although its damage was not as powerful as Elliot's lightning bolts, Conan's attack skills were strong enough to deal with weaker beasts that were Rank C and below.

Zhu casually swiped his nine-toothed rake at the Dire Wolves that had targeted him, and ended their lives in a heartbeat.

Sha, on the other hand, was already holding a gourd in his hand. Sand flowed from it and became deadly weapons that ended the life of all the Dire Wolves that were unlucky enough to be within twenty meters around him.

Jophiel nodded his head in appreciation because he wasn't expecting William's group to be very strong. As one of the Adamantium Ranked Warriors in the academy, he could tell that the Dire Wolves posed no threat to them whatsoever.

Kenneth stood still and held a short sword in his hand. He didn't actively participate in the battle, and only attacked the wolves that had chosen to attack him. As the runner up of the Tournament of Champions, mere Dire Wolves were not enough to phase him.

If William wasn't busy dealing with the Millennial Wolf, he would definitely say that Kenneth was currently in "Energy Saving Mode".

The moment Sha, and Zhu, joined Elliot and Conan in protecting the examinees, the Dire Wolves ferocious charge was put to a complete stop.

If they didn't die from Elliot's lightning bolts, they would find themselves coming face to face with a shield that would knock them unconscious.

If they survived those two attacks, they would have their bodies torn apart by Zhu's nine-toothed rake.

If ever they were truly lucky, and survived this three layered attack that protected the students, they would find themselves encased in sand and have their bodies squeezed until they burst apart.

The examinees looked at their four saviors with respect and admiration. They believed that if Elliot, Conan, Zhu, and Sha, were not present, all of them would have died in the first stage of the Entrance Exam.

The five-meter wolf crashed on the ground with a bloody nose, after receiving a powerful kick from William.

William had equipped his Zen Master Job Class, and pummeled the Thunder Horned Wolf's face with punches and kicks that made it realize that the red-headed boy was way stronger than it expected.

After being beaten black and blue without having the ability to fight back, the Leader of the Wolf Pack gave a loud howl before running away in defeat.

The remaining Dire Wolves also turned tail and ran after their leader. They thought that they were dealing with easy prey, so the Thunder Horned Wolf ordered the attack. They didn't expect that they were about to kick a steel plate, and would suffer terribly from it.

"That's it?" William blinked in disbelief as he watched the Thunder Horned Wolf and its lackeys run for their lives.

The Half-Elf scratched his head in disappointment.. He was waiting for the Big Boss to launch the Storm of Annihilation so that he could deliver the coup de grace on its bum, and make it regret it was ever born.