Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Panicked shrieks erupted underground as William made his way towards the Queen's room.

No Antz dared to block their way in fear that they would become the Anteater's midnight snack.

Kasogonaga looked at the running critters with bloodshot eyes. Its paw would subconsciously raise from time to time in a gesture that was akin to saying "Don't run. We are your friends!"

Soon, William arrived at their destination and all the Rank B Antz gathered around their Queen. They were two-meters tall, and their features didn't make them look like Antz. They were like mutated creatures with six legs, and their appearance was largely affected by the Beast Genes that they were born with.

Some had wolf heads, boar heads, monkey heads, and other creatures that were native in the forest.

Regardless of what they looked like, all of their legs were shaking in fear at the presence of the rainbow-colored Anteater whose drool was starting to fall down like a waterfall.

"Finally, I see you," Kasogonaga stared fixedly at the spot where the Antz made a protective defensive perimeter. It unconsciously wiped the saliva that was pooling on the side of its mouth as an infatuated expression appeared on its adorable face. "My… Precious!"

"Kreeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!"

The Antz Queen screeched in fear as her instincts told her that she was facing her natural predator. The Warrior Antz stood in front of her in an attempt to block William and his group, but it was to no avail.

William stepped forward, and the sea of Antz parted to make a path for him and his group. He also activated his appraisal skill to get additional information of the unique race that had the ability to evolve by eating the flesh of other creatures.

—--

< Requiem Antz Queen >

– Queen of the Colony Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

– Threat Level: B (Low)

– Cannot be added to the herd.

– Requiem Antz are a unique race that flourished in the Eternal Evergarden. They are originally an inch tall, and three inches long. These Antz are called the first generation Antz. In time, they ceased to exist and were replaced by stronger variants that the Queen had given birth to a few years later.

– Among the beasts that have the ability to evolve, the Requiem Antz was considered to be one of the most terrifying Antz Species in existence.

– The unique feature of this Antz Species is that no matter what form they take, the Antz will still have six legs. This is the most notable feature of the Requiem Antz.

– There was a point in time, during the Era of the Gods, where the Requiem Antz Queen had reached the rank of a Pseudo-Demigod. She had birthed hundreds of Millennial Antz during the War and threatened all lives in the world of Hestia.

– According to the rumors, this Queen Antz was personally raised by the Deity of the Sky in order to provide it with a constant supply of food. Whether this rumor was true or not, one thing was certain.

Before the Era of the Gods ended, this powerful Myriad Army disappeared from the face of the world, never to be seen again.

—--

The Requiem Antz Queen backed away until she reached the corner of the room. She screeched in fear and cried out for mercy from the Anteater that kept on calling her "My Precious."

"Don't worry, I will properly raise you… hehehe," Kasogonaga tried to coax the terrified Queen Antz as she desperately called for her soldiers to protect her.

However, the soldier Antz stood rooted in their place like trees that were shaking their bodies as if they were having an epileptic seizure.

"Can you understand me?" William asked the Queen Antz directly with a smile.

The Antz Queen replied to William's question, and her reply made the Half-Elf secretly give Kasogonaga a thumbs up in his heart.

"Skreee! Skreeeee!" ( Don't eat! Don't taste good! )

"Don't worry. I won't let him eat you. I just want to ask you a few things."

"Skreee? Skreee?" ( Don't Eat? What Ask? )

William asked the Queen if she planned to invade the Human Outpost, and the latter admitted that she had indeed planned an invasion. William asked several more questions, and the Queen answered them honestly, in fear that if she lied, the Anteater in William's arms would jump at her and eat her without fail.

The Half-Elf rubbed his chin. He was quite impressed by the Queen's dedication to evolve her race to a higher specie. Right now, the Antz Queen was a B Rank Creature. Several years ago, this was a creature that would pose a great threat to William.

Now, he could easily end her life whenever he wanted to. But, that was not his purpose for coming to the Antz Nest. Just like the Elves, he understood the potential of the Requiem Antz.

This was why he wanted to integrate them to his King's Legion because their upgrade was very easy to accommodate. The Dungeon of Atlantis was filled with high-level creatures that could serve as the Requiem Antz Queen's food.

On the floor that William frequently explored, Centennial and Millennial Beasts were everywhere. If he could feed the flesh of these Beasts to the Queen, he would have a powerful army that numbered in the millions.

It was not only Kasogonaga who was starting to drool, William was drooling as well as he looked at the Queen whose mouth was starting to froth.

"MY precious…"

"Yes. She is our precious…"

The Queen Ant looked at the two drooling devils in despair. She had been feeling very happy as of late because the evolution of her kind was going at a very rapid pace. However, right now, she felt that her ambition was about to end.

She could only surrender her fate to the whims of the two creatures, whose presence made the entire nest, that had the potential to move unhindered in the world, tremble in fear.

"I will give you two choices," William said as he wiped the drool on his lips. "Swear your loyalty to me, and you will be spared.. Or, refuse and become this Anteater's food. So, My Precious, which one will you choose?"