Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The night on Antilia Island was usually filled with the sound of nightlife creatures. However, on this particular night, it was eerily quiet.

Jophiel frowned while sitting on his balcony. He was sharpening his sword, and preparing for the possible conflicts that would arise before the ships from the academy arrived on the island. Right now, the Antz didn't pose any immediate threats because their strength was still below the power of the people in the outpost.

After a high-level meeting in the academy, the Headmaster had finally decided to evacuate all the people in the outpost, and relocate them to a new island that had been prepared for their arrival. All he needed to do was to ensure that no unforeseen events would happen, and the outpost remained safe from a possible Antz invasion.

Jophiel assumed that William and the rest were already asleep in their rooms, because he could not see any lights coming through their windows. He didn't find it strange because they had just arrived on the island, and the information about the Class S Mission had been delivered late in the afternoon.

The Head Examiner believed that William would not be stupid enough to venture inside the forest in the middle of the night to try to finish the mission that was given to him, in order to pass the exam.

'I'll accompany them on stroll around the island tomorrow,' Jophiel thought. 'Seriously, what can that boy do in a short amount of time?'

—--

"All of you are doing great. That's how you do it," William praised the Antz that were entering the portal to the Thousand Beast Domain in an orderly manner.

The bodies of the Antz were shivering, not from the cold, but from the hungry-filled gaze that was being shot in their direction by a certain rainbow-colored Anteater. In order to prevent any mishaps, William held Kasogonaga in a vice-grip and was ready to stop it from having a late-night snack.

Due to the Queen Antz imperial order, all the Antz in the island returned to the nest. The Queen had chosen to submit to William, and the latter immediately gave her the order to start a migration to his Thousand Beast Domain.

Three hours later, Millions of Requiem Antz had safely entered the Thousand Beast Domain. In order to accommodate the new members of his legion, William spent a million God Points in order to increase the size of his domain, and allow the Antz to build their Ant Nest. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

He made sure that the territory of the Antz were far away from the local beasts that had long treated the domain as their own. Although they were now all on the same side, William believed that it would still take some time before he could educate the Antz and curb their mindset of treating any race, aside from their own, as enemies and food.

"Do you want me to give you a name?" William asked the Antz Queen that had successfully relocated to her new home.

The Queen eyed William as if pondering this question seriously. She had never thought of acquiring a name in the past, because she had no need for one.

While the Queen was pondering whether or not she should accept William's proposal, the Anteater nestled in William's arms decided to voice out its opinion.

"I named the Queen I raised in the past as Queenie," Kasogonaga commented. "How about we name her Queenie II? Then we will name the Queen after her, Queenie III."

The Antz Queen then started to wail after hearing Kasogonaga's words. The Anteater had already decided to raise another Queen after her, which made her despair.

Clearly, Kasogonaga only intended to fatten her up before going in for the kill.

"Don't believe this Anteater," William said as he lightly tapped Kasogonaga's head. "He is just joking!"

"But, I'm not?"

"Zip it!"

The Queen cried bitterly as William and Kasogonaga had a verbal agreement in front of her. Out of consideration for his new ally, William decided to leave the nest after giving the Queen some strict orders.

The first order was that they were not allowed to hunt any of the Beasts that were inside the Thousand Beast Domain. The Antz had just arrived, so the other creatures inside the Thousand Beast Domain was still food in their eyes.

The Second Order was that they would not attack, or provoke, any of William's Herd or Legion inside the Dungeon of Atlantis.

After giving those two orders, William left to create a gateway, half a kilometer away from the nest, which was connected to the Dungeon of Atlantis. He already told the Queen that she could send her warriors to scout the area, and hunt the creatures that were appropriate for their current rank.

When everything was settled, William returned to his room using Soleil and summoned Zhu, Sha, and Kenneth.

He had already made Zhu and Sha part of his King's Legion because this was what they wanted.

Kenneth, on the other hand, promised to not tell anyone of William's secret. He was even thankful that William was able to trust him enough, to show one of his Trump Cards that only a selected few were aware of.

When William asked the silver-haired Elf if he wanted to become a temporary member of his King's Legion, Kenneth agreed. This allowed William to summon him just like Zhu and Sha, and the rest of his King's Legion.

"Return to your rooms," William said with a smirk. "I'm sure that when morning comes, Jophiel will definitely lose his composure."

Zhu, Sha, and Kenneth nodded their heads in agreement. They were also looking forward to how the Head Examiner would react, after he found out that the Class S Threat on the island was nowhere to be found.

—--

A few hours later…

"Did all of you get a good night's sleep?" Jophiel asked in an amicable manner as he greeted everyone in the dining area. "The island doesn't have much to offer, but I hope that your accommodations were comfortable enough."

William smiled as he sat on the chair beside Jophiel. "I slept well last night. Thank you for the hospitality, Sir Jophiel."

Zhu, Sha, and Kenneth, also said similar statements as they, too, sat to have breakfast.

"Are you ready to tackle the issue at hand?" Jophiel asked. "Don't worry. I will be your tour guide today and ensure your safety. Not that you need it, knowing how capable you are, William."

William didn't answer and simply nodded his head. He then started to eat in order to hide the smirk that was threatening to spread on his face.

Jophiel didn't see anything out of place and ate in peace. There would be plenty of time to ask William about his experiences in the Tower of Babylon, after they toured around the island.

An hour later, their group finally set out.

Aside from Jophiel, there were six more men that accompanied William and his group. All of them were Adamantium Ranked fighters, which were strong enough to fight against most of the threats present in the island.

As the group ventured deeper into the forest, a sense of uneasiness spread across Jophiel's face. The forest was quite lively, and the roars and cries of beasts could be heard everywhere. However, the target of their patrol was nowhere to be found.

The Hunters that Jophiel had brought with him were also looking around in confusion. They were already in the middle area of the forest, but not a single Requiem Antz could be seen.

Only the regular Flora and Fauna was around, which made them feel that something wasn't right.

William, and his group, on the other hand, acted like tourists on a Field Trip. They looked at the Beasts that were present in the forest with great curiosity. Some of them were quite foreign to the Half-Elf.

He was even tempted to bring a few of them to his domain, so that they could breed and reproduce.

After walking for several hours, Jophiel finally realized that something was terribly wrong and raised his hand in a stopping gesture.

"Wait," Jophiel ordered. "I will scout ahead first, and see if there are any dangerous creatures in front of us. All of you stay here and wait for my return."

William nodded. "Understood."

Jophiel's subordinates also nodded their heads. They had been briefed beforehand to keep their eyes on William and his entourage.

The Half-Elf and his companions were VIP guests, so they were their top priority.

William watched Jophiel's back disappear in the distance. A smug smile appeared on his face when he noticed that the Head Examiner was headed straight to the location of the Requiem Antz nest.

'Sorry, Sir Jophiel and thank you,' William mused. 'Because of you, I have acquired a replacement for the Undead Legion that left with Malacai. Don't worry. I promise that I will properly raise them in your place.'

When Malacai took the Undying Lands with him, William's army had dwindled considerably. Although he had acquired over a million Goblins from the Floor of Genesis, the number of Beasts under his command was almost two million.

In the past, William might have been very happy with what he currently had.

However, after taking part in the battle of the Southern Continent, he realized that numbers also played an important role in wars.

The appearance of the Requiem Antz not only brought him quantity, they made up for quality as well.. As soon as they succeeded in their "Queen Raising Plan", William would soon have a million strong army, whose weakest member was that of the Centennial Rank.