Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"Sixth Master, I was wondering, how did you arrive on Antilia Island?" William asked. He could already see the island where they would dock shortly, so he decided to ask this question while the others were busy doing their own business.

"How? I flew of course," Chloee answered matter of factly. "Don't you know? I mostly deliver stuff from the academy to Antilia Island. I can fly to it with my eyes closed! This is one of the easiest tasks there is to gain Merit Points in the academy."

The little fairy patted her chest with confidence.

William looked at her with a doubtful expression, but the fact still remained that the little fairy had appeared at a good time.

"Anyway, you don't have to worry about these things," Chloee waved her hand as if what she did wasn't a big deal. "Since you've passed the exam, you are now an official student of the academy. Congratulations! As expected of my disciple, Yay! High Five!"

William subconsciously raised his hand and high-fived Chloee, only to regret it later. A loud clapping sound, followed by a pained cry reverberated on the ship.

The Half-Elf had completely forgotten how strong Chloee was, and the latter was in an excited state of mind. Fortunately, none of his bones were broken, but his hand and arm hurt like hell.

Using his Life Mage Job Class, William used a healing spell on his hand and arm.

"Sixth Master, can't you do things in moderation?"

"Modedetion?"

William sighed in his heart. He had completely forgotten that the word moderation didn't apply to the little Fairy who was looking at him with an awkward look on her face.

"R-Relax. Isn't it just a little sprain?" Chloee patted William's shoulder softly. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

This time, she only used a light tap because she was afraid that she would break William's bones if she did it too strongly.

"You know what they say. What doesn't kill you, will kill you another day!" Chloee imparted these words of wisdom before flying to the main mast of the ship. She had always liked being in high places, so she could feel the breeze brush past her small body.

More than anything else, Chloee liked freedom. Perhaps, this was a trait that Celeste had wanted to achieve, but was unable to do so.

This strong desire of freedom manifested in Chloee, which made the little Juggernaut open to traveling long distances when given the opportunity.

She didn't tell William that she went to Antilia Island because she was worried about him. This was the first time she had a Disciple, so she planned to take this role seriously. When she saw that William and Byron was about to start a fight, she readily joined the fray and even chose William's side.

"Being a Master isn't easy," Chloee muttered as she stared at the island that was getting closer and closer. "Maybe I can ask Claire for tips later. She's smarter than me when it comes to these things."

After finding a solution to her predicament, the little fairy sat on the mast and hummed a song. She believed that as long as Claire gave her the answers, she would be able to become a good Master and treat her disciple well in Hestia Academy.

—-

Half an hour later, the ship finally docked at the Port of Dream Isle.

The First Founder of Hestia Academy gave this name to the island, because this was the place where the dreams of those who aspired to enroll at the academy would take shape.

Only those that had passed their Entrance Exam would be able to set foot on this island, and for most, this was a dream come true.

William saw Princess Sidonie, Ian, and Chiffon, waving at him from the shore. The Half-Elf grinned and flew from the ship to where they were waiting for him.

"Eyah!"

A shout filled with happiness reached William's ears, and he felt something land on his head. A few seconds later, he heard Chloee's giggle, as she sat on the Half-Elf's head, using him as a mount to reach the island.

William could only sigh in his heart as he flew towards his destination.

Celeste covered her lips when she saw the funny scene of her familiar waving at her from William's head. With a glance, the beautiful Elf could tell that Chloee was in a good mood.

She just hoped that the little familiar didn't break anything on Antilia Island, or else it would be deducted from her pay at the academy.

"I'm back," William said as he landed in front of his three wives. "Miss me?"

Instead of answering his question, the three ladies gave him a hug and kissed his cheeks.

Seeing this public display of affection made Celeste frown because she suddenly remembered that she had branded the Half-Elf as a womanizer.

"Don't they look good together?" Claire, who was seated on her shoulder, asked casually. "It seems that he is well-loved by his women."

Celeste didn't say anything, but she had reaffirmed her goal to educate William on the importance of loyalty to a relationship. While doing so, she would also tell him about her sister's strong points.

The beautiful Elf would ensure to showcase all of Celine's good qualities, so that William wouldn't forget about her.

"Congratulations, William," Celeste said as he walked towards the Half-Elf who was having an intimate moment with the three beauties around him.

"Thank you, Professor," William replied. "When are we going to leave for the academy?"

"You're quite excited, aren't you?"

"Well, it is my last academy arc after all."

"Y-Your what?"

William chuckled when he saw the confused look on Celeste's face. This was one of the differences between Celeste and her sister. Unlike Celeste that got flustered easily, Celine was more confident in what she did.

Even if William teased his Master, Celine, the latter would just ignore his nonsense, and beat the crap out of him when they were training. Seeing Celeste's reaction, while having his Master's face, made William feel weird.

'Maybe I can try making Master act flustered as well when we meet,' William mused. 'I'm sure that she would look incredibly cute, just like Celeste.'

"Tell me, what kind of Exam did Sir Jophiel make you take?" Celeste asked in order to hide her earlier blunder. Even though she was a professor, she wasn't aware of the details when it came to the types of challenges that the examinees took during the Entrance Exam.

"It had something to do with Antz," William replied and briefly explained what happened to Celeste.

Princess Sidonie, Ian, and Chiffon listened from the side and exchanged glances at each other. Before going to the Dream Isle, William had already notified Ashe, through their connection, about the things that he did in Antilia Island.

He told her that he should notify Princess Sidonie about it, because he was curious about how the Ant Queens could interact with one another. Also, he wanted to know if Princess Sidonie's Beast Companion was aware of the Requiem Antz existence.

The Half-Elf was wondering if either of the Queens would act hostile when they met each other with their subordinates behind them. Although some Ant Colonies would immediately resort to war upon contact, there were others Ant species who merged their forces together to create a super Ant colony.

Princess Sidonie had received the Answer from her Beast Companion, and the answer was that it was possible to form a cooperation between the two Queens, on the condition that the Requiem Antz Queen would also form a contract with a person.

Only when the two Queens were bound would a non-aggression treaty be possible.

This news made William quite happy. However, one problem appeared. He didn't have any candidates that could form a contract with the Antz Queen that he and Kasogonaga were planning to raise together.

In the end, William decided to think about this problem more after he had entered the academy and started his formal education.

"I see." Celeste nodded. She was aware of the existence of the Requiem Antz, but she didn't think too much about it.

Those who had passed the exam earlier, were getting a bit impatient because they had already been waiting on Dream Isle for days. The staff members that were assigned to look after them had stated that they would remain on the island until the Head Examiner, Jophiel, had arrived.

Fortunately, the Head Examiner accompanied William to Dream Isle as well. Although there were many mishaps involved, it was now time to go to the academy.

William thought that they would be traveling to the academy by ship, but Jophiel surprised him and the rest of the examinees, when he took everyone to a secluded grove where a Teleportation Gate was located.

"This teleportation gate is a one way teleportation gate," Jophiel explained. "This will send you to the capital city of Orion, where Hestia Academy is located. Once again, Congratulations on passing the exam. I pray that all of you will become outstanding students, and contribute to the well-being of society."

The Head Examiner then looked at Celeste and gave her a brief nod. "Professor, I will let you guide the students to the academy. I'm sure that they are dying to get there. They've already waited long enough."

Celine smiled and nodded her head. "Understood."

The beautiful Elf then walked towards the base of the teleportation gate and faced the examinees who had dwindled down to twenty-three people, including William.

"Passing the entrance exam is only the beginning," Celeste declared with a serious expression as she scanned the crowd, whose eyes were filled with determination.

The Teleportation Gate behind the beautiful Elf came to life and a dazzling portal appeared at its center.

"Come," Celeste said in a challenging tone.. "The start of your new journey begins today."