Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

It had been two days since William's group had arrived at the academy. They had no complaints in the accommodations that had been given to them. In fact, they were given the best rooms in the boy's and girl's dormitories for some unknown reason.

Usually, these high-quality rooms were only given to the Head Prefects of the different school years, but the higher-ups of the academy decided to bestow these privileges to William and his entourage, without batting an eye.

However, the Half-Elf had one important concern, and he voiced it when Celeste invited them to an afternoon tea in her residence.

"Professor, there must be something wrong with these arrangements. How come are we not all in the same class?" William asked Celeste who was elegantly sipping the tea made by Claire.

The beautiful Elf lowered her cup and glanced at William with a smile.

"This is the decision of the higher-ups. There is nothing I can do about it even if you complain to me," Celeste replied. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"Who decides these things?"

"The Headmaster, of course."

William facepalmed because he finally understood why this was happening to him. Byron and him parted on bad terms, and this might be the Headmaster's payback to the Half-Elf's reaction when he was questioned back in Antilia Island.

Instead of becoming Freshmen, everyone in William's group became Third Year Students in the academy.

Princess Sidonie, Ian, and Chiffon, were placed in Class A.

Zhu and Sha were placed in Class B, while William, Kenneth, and Lilith were placed in Class C.

William thought that he and his lovers would be in the same class, but it seems that the arrangement had been carefully planned by Byron, to prevent William's group from standing out.

In order to vent out his frustration, William drank his tea and ate the cookies that were being hand fed to him by Chiffon.

Princess Sidonie, Ian, Zhu, and Sha were also not happy with the arrangements either because they wanted to be in the same class with William. Also, Princess Sidonie and Ian knew that Lilith was gunning for their lover, so they wanted to be in the same room in order to protect him.

Lilith had no complaints about being in the same class as William. In fact, for her, this was the most ideal scenario because she could observe the Half-Elf during class. Looking at William's lovers, the Amazon Princess decided to fan the flames in order to make the situation more chaotic.

"I don't think there's anything wrong with the arrangements," Lilith said. "We came here to Hestia Academy to study. Since that is the case, we should just enjoy our academy life to the fullest."

Princess Sidonie glared at the shameless Amazon who had openly asked for William to give her his babies. Although she, and Morgana, did the same thing in the past, she hated Lilith because she was not doing it out of love, or lust, but out of necessity.

The Princess and her twin, Morgana, didn't want others to treat their husband as a tool.

Especially a baby making tool!

"Why don't we swap places?" Princess Sidonie offered as she smiled sweetly at Lilith. "I'm sure the higher classes will give more attention to their students. Since you are here to study, going to Class A will be more beneficial for you."

"No thanks," Lilith replied in a heartbeat. "I'm fine with Class C. I'm not some kind of privileged Princess who constantly whines if she doesn't get her way."

The two Princesses glared at each other in disdain. Both of them were members of the Seven Deadly Sins. However, they didn't get along with each other, similar to oil and water.

"Will, don't cheat on us while you're in a different class, okay?" Chiffon said as he looked up at William with eyes filled with trust.

"Of course not," William replied as he patted the pink-haired girl's forehead. "How can I possibly cheat when I have such a beautiful and caring wife like you. No matter how beautiful the girls in my class are, they couldn't possibly match your beauty."

Chiffon's smile widened as she was pulled into William's embrace. After experiencing the trials in the tower and getting married to William, the little glutton was slowly, yet surely, gaining confidence in herself.

She was starting to open up to people and socialize with others. B1, B2, Sharur, and Bacon, also played their part in making Chiffon speak more, and let her feelings be known to the world.

Even Celeste, who was unhappy about William having many wives, had nothing to say when she looked at the Half-Elf, and pink-haired girl, who were hugging each other.

However, she would surely be displeased if the one that took the little girl's place was Princess Sidonie, whose very presence made her Divinity pulse from time to time.

—--

The next day…

"Please, introduce yourselves to everyone," a middle-aged man wearing glasses said as he made a gesture for William, Kenneth, and Lilith, to come to the podium.

The class became excited because all three of them were good looking.

The girls looked at William and Kenneth with starry eyes because both of them were very handsome.

Lilith, on the other hand, may not be exceptionally beautiful, but she was radiating a youthful beauty that made the men look at her with earnest gazes. The Amazon Princess was already used to being stared at by men, so she wasn't the least bothered by them as she made her introductions.

"Lilith Lynn. nice to meet all of you," Lilith said. "Just call me Lilith."

The men clapped their hands together, and some of them even whistled to show their support to their new classmate.

"Kenneth Xin Ashleigh," Kenneth introduced himself after the applause came to an end. "Feel free to call me Kenneth."

Another round of applause was heard. But, this time, the girls also joined and made the delicate looking Elf feel welcomed.

William then came forward and scanned the faces of his new classmates before introducing himself.

"William Von Ainsworth," William stated. "It's a pleasure to be in this class."

The classroom came to a standstill when William introduced himself. Soon, heavy breathing could be heard from some of the students as they stared at William in disbelief.

"Are you That William?" One of the girls asked in disbelief. "The one who conquered the 51st Floor of Babylon and whose name was announced world-wide?"

Everyone in the room was dying to ask the same question. Fortunately, someone did ask, so they focused their attention on the Half-Elf who had a calm expression on his face.

"Yes," William answered.

A pin drop silence ensued that lasted for exactly ten seconds, before the classroom erupted into chaos.

They were all wondering what the conqueror of the 51st Floor looked like, and they couldn't believe that the same person was in their class, and looking at them with a smug expression on his face.

"Class, behave yourselves," the middle-aged professor stepped in to calm the boys and girls who were starting to cause a ruckus. Most of them wanted to walk towards William and touch him to see if he was real or not.

The middle-aged man was also the homeroom teacher of Class C, so it was quite easy for him to calm the students who were looking at William like he was their idol.