Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Creation and Destruction go hand in hand.

When a life is born, another ends.

Such was the cycle of life, and even Gods were not exempt from this rule.

It was the Law that bound everyone in the Multiverse.

Within the void, a place where space and time worked together in harmony, lay the passage of worlds.

Just like how the ancient Humans on earth used land bridges to cross the continents, this was a primitive method to traverse the cosmos and arrive at a predetermined location, according to the rules that were set in place.

Right now, a raiding group, that numbered three thousand strong, traversed these ancient pathways, headed to a world that was bound for destruction.

The number of worlds that had life in the Multiverse were countless, and these raiding groups only numbered in the tens of thousands. Even so, one thing was certain. When one of these groups reached their destination, a great battle would ensue.

Once they had determined that there was a strong resistance in that world, they would send a signal to their main force, and the latter would immediately send an army that numbered in the millions.

An Army with one sole goal and that was to end the existence of all life on that planet.

The three-thousand strong raiding party finally saw their destination beyond the countless worlds within the void.

It was a beautiful blue world. A world that was filled with life, and yet, the laws of the Multiverse had deemed that it was time to snuff it out, to give way to the birth of another world.

Among those three thousand harbingers of destruction, three of them had the rank of Demigods.

A hundred of them were Pseudo-Demigods.

The remainder were all Millennial Rank at their peak. Just a step away from stepping into the Myriad Realm.

Seeing that blue planet on the horizon, the Giants of Jotunheim and Muspelheim increased their pace. They were looking at their destination with excitement and anticipation, because they were races that were bred for war.

They were the army that had been given the task to destroy the worlds that were connected to a certain red portal in the cycle of reincarnation.

Right now, that Army of Destruction was headed to Hestia. If they continued their journey at their current pace, they would arrive at their destination within a week's time.

The countdown for the world's destruction had begun, and no more than five individuals were aware of the upcoming disaster that was going to befall the world that they were living in.

—---

Inside the Thousand Beast Domain…

"Ruby! I'm here!"

A rainbow-colored Anteater ran through the tunnels of the Antz Colony in haste. All the Antz that were going along the same path as Kasogonaga moved to the side in fear of offending the Anteater who, on several occasions, almost ate the Antz that it had come across on the tunnels.

Fortunately, Kasogonaga would only visit the nest after it had its fill of eating Beast Cores. However, that didn't change the fact that there was still a possibility of being eaten. In order to eliminate such risks, all the Antz would stick to the walls as close as possible, and give the rainbow-colored calamity a wide berth whenever it passed through their domain.

The Requiem Antz Queen almost choked as she ate her food when she heard the adorable, yet nightmare inducing, voice.

Half a minute later, Kasogonaga appeared in the Queen's Cavern in a good mood.

"Here! I brought you some Class A Beasts!" Kasogonaga happily emptied all the contents of its storage bracelet, which it had received from William.

Over a hundred dead beasts were piled up like a hill in front of the Antz Queen and the latter could only shiver at the scene.

Ruby found it hard to be happy, knowing that it was being fattened up for the slaughter. If not for the fact that Wiliam had promised to prevent Kasogonaga from eating her, the Queen might have lost all hope and committed suicide.

Due to Kasogonaga's diligent effort to feed her everyday, the Queen's body started to have a crimson luster. This was also why William decided to give her the name, Ruby.

"Eat as much as you can, so you can grow big and strong," Kasogonaga said as it rested its little paw on Ruby's foot. "That way, I can hehehe…"

Kasogonaga was finding it hard to stop the drool from pooling at the corner of its lips as it stared at the Crimson Requiem Antz Queen, who was starting to shudder in fright.

The worker Antz that were tending the Queen were all Class A creatures. They ignored the Anteater that was making their Queen cry, and set about their work. Their job was to carefully dissect the creatures that Kasogonaga had brought to their nest, and prepare them for the Queen's consumption.

Naturally, they were also given a share of their own to eat, which had hastened their own evolutions.

As an expert in raising Ant Queens, Kasogonaga was very patient with Ruby. It knew that it could not rush things, by force feeding Ruby monsters that were above her class. Since her Rank was only Class A, she should eat Class A Beasts until she evolved into a Centennial Beast. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Only after she had become a Centennial Beast, would Kasogonaga start feeding her Centennial Beasts as well.

According to its estimate, it would take two weeks before Ruby reached the limit of her Rank, and undergo evolution. The Crimson Requiem Antz Queen would then wrap herself in a cocoon and hibernate.

The shortest evolution time could last a month, and the longest was half a year. Kasogonaga didn't know how long Ruby would take to finish her evolution, but it was not worried. With so many high-level creatures inside the Dungeon of Atlantis, it was only a matter of time before Ruby stepped into the Millennial and Myriad Ranks under Kasogonaga's guidance.

"I'm going back to the Dungeon," Kasogonaga patted Ruby's legs in a friendly manner. "Don't miss me too much, okay?"

Ruby's body once again shuddered after Kasogonaga's parting words. If possible, it didn't want to see the rainbow-colored Anteater for the rest of her life. Sadly, there was nowhere that she could run.

She only hoped that William would keep his promise to keep her safe from the gluttonous Anteater's, and honor the contract that they both had signed for a subordinate and Master relationship.

—----

William sighed in happiness as he rested his head on Princess Sidonie's leg. He was currently in the garden with the beautiful princess, and the latter had agreed to give him her lap as a pillow.

It had been three days since William had become an official student of Hestia Academy, and one could say that he was living the ideal academy life.

He enjoyed the classes very much, and had become friends with his classmates. Aside from the fact that he wasn't in the same room as his lovers, everything was smooth sailing and he didn't have any complaints.

Of course, he still hadn't forgotten one of his goals for entering the academy, and that was to accomplish the goal that Aamon had given him. The only problem was that the girl named Shannon, was under house arrest in a shrine that was heavily guarded by the academy.

William had subtly attempted to bypass the area, but a powerful barrier prevented him from going further.

According to Celeste, William would only be able to enter the Shrine if he got the approval from the Headmaster of the Academy, Byron.

"Sidonie, do you have any solutions to my problem?" William asked. "I don't really want to see the Headmaster. That guy is bad news."

Princess Sidonie smiled as she gently brushed William's hair, and rubbed his chest with her smooth, and delicate hands.

"Have you tried to ask Celeste?" Princess Sidonie replied. "If it's her, the possibility of getting the clearance is high."

William sighed. "She's being uncooperative. It seems that the Headmaster has told her not to assist me in any way."

Princess Sidonie was about to say something when they heard a familiar voice asking for help.

"Save me!" Conan shouted as he flew towards William's direction.

Right behind him was a little fairy with short green hair with curls at the end, and gray eyes that were as calm as a lake. The fairy was none other than Celeste's familiar, Claire. Ever since William had appeared in the academy, the little fairy would often drag Conan away for an "examination".

Elliot, on the other hand, would wander around the academy in search of Chloee, and other beautiful girls that caught his fancy. Compared to the Angelic Familiar, William's little Devil was like a protagonist that was running away from a Yandere.

Conan immediately dove inside William's uniform with the intention of using the Half-Elf as a sanctuary, to prevent himself from being harassed by the moody little fairy that liked to touch him all over.

"Claire, can you give Conan a break?" William inquired as he eyed Celeste's indifferent looking fairy who was looking at the bulge in William's uniform.

"Break? I give him plenty of breaks," Claire answered. "I just want to see how he is different from us. This is important research when it comes to Familiars. As you may already know, Elliot and Conan are the only two other Familiars under the Familiamancer Profession.

"Also, I am aware of your difficulties in trying to enter the shrine. If you give me Conan, I promise that you will be given permission to enter it, in two to three days' time."

William grabbed the hiding Devil Familiar inside his uniform and presented him to Claire.

"Please, take him with you," William said earnestly. "Just remember our deal."

Claire held Conan's arm in a vice grip before nodding her head to William. "I will keep my promise. Expect to get clearance before this week is over. Come, Conan. We still haven't finished your Physical Examination."

"William, you traitor!" Conan shouted in tears as he was dragged away by Claire. "No! I don't want to go! I refuse to take part in your examination! William! Save meeeeeeeeeee!"

"I'll make it up to you later, Conan. I'm sorry," William replied as he said a silent prayer in his heart.

Although he felt bad about Conan being dragged away by Claire, he knew that the little fairy had no intention of hurting Conan. He believed that the little fairy was just really curious about Conan since he was one of the first Familiars that had been born aside from her and her twin sister, Chloee.

'Claire couldn't possibly be in love with Conan, right?' William mused. 'Nah. It's impossible. Unlike Elliot, Conan was the innocent type. How can someone like that be appealing to girls?'

William chuckled internally before closing his eyes to take a nap. Now that Claire had promised him that she would secure a meeting with Shannon, the Half-Elf's heart was finally put at ease.. He only hoped that when he finally met her, the problem she currently had was something that he could easily solve.