Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"Vlad, it has been a long time since you last visited me, what kind of bad news brought you here?"

A giant creature with a lion's head and a body protected by a turtle-like carapace looked down on Vlad with surprise etched on its monstrous face. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

The giant creature had six feet, with bear-like claws and a scaly tail like that of a serpent's.

Its name was Tarasque.

It was recognized by all as the strongest land dwelling Demigod in the World of Hestia.

"You make it sound like I only visit you when I bring bad news," Vlad replied in a helpless tone.

"So, you're saying that I'm wrong?"

"... No. You are right. I do bring bad news, but it annoys me that you thought of me that way."

Tarasque chuckled as it laid on the ground. Since the Demigods lived long lives, they didn't usually seek each other out unless something of great importance was transpiring in the world.

Of course, not all Demigods got along. Some of them hated each other, and would often get into fights whenever their paths crossed. Each had their own territory, so it was quite easy to locate them.

Vlad decided to visit the strongest in their circle first, before going to the nearest Demigod in the area.

Vlad and Tarasque stared at each other. Although Vlad had many things to say, he instinctively felt that the twenty-meter-tall Demigod was already aware of the things that were happening to the world.

Still, Vlad knew that if he didn't break the ice, nothing would happen and their staring game would continue.

"I came here to talk about Malacai," Vlad said after organizing his thoughts. "He has regained his freedom."

Tarasque nodded its head.

"All the Chimaeras are duty-bound to study the ancient glyphs inside the Strathmore Forest," Tarasque commented. "Just like your ancestors before you, everyone has been paying close attention to any information that relates to Malacai. Now that he is free, it can only mean one thing, and one thing only…"

Vlad clenched his first. Tarasque had been around since the Era of the Gods, so it knew more about the history of the world. During the war, this powerful Demigod chose the side of the Dwarves.

He had taught them how to build their kingdoms under the Earth, and forge powerful armor and weapons in order to protect their race and civilization.

Because of this, the Dwarves were one of the races that had survived that warring era, and had flourished since then.

"War…," Vlad stated. "A war that no one had seen before."

"Not just an ordinary war, Vlad, but a war that will surpass the Era of the Gods. A war where the entire world is at stake."

"Then we…"

"No." Tarasque firmly shook his head. "The stage has been set, but we are not part of the performing actors who will play the initial act. Our part will come near the end. Yes… near the end, when the pillars that hold the very foundation of this world will be shaken."

Tarasque said solemnly as he looked at the clear blue sky.

"Even now, I can feel that a great danger is approaching us, and yet… i cannot see past the skies of this world," Tarasque commented. "Right now, our homeland is like a sand castle on the beach, hoping that the waves won't reach us. But, sooner or later, the tides will rise. The waves will come, and when they do, they will wash away everything that has been built since time immemorial."

The strongest Demigod of Hestia sighed.

"I will be honest with you, Vlad," Tarasque said with a serious expression on its face. "I am scared. Very scared."

Vlad could feel the hairs at the back of his neck stand on end after hearing Tarasque's helpless voice. He knew that a great war was about to begin, but he didn't know what kind of war was about to transpire.

If even the strongest among them was feeling faint just thinking about the inevitable battle that was about to come then what could he do?

What could anyone do?

As if noticing the changes that were happening in Vlad's expression, Tarasque shook his head to dispel the worries inside his head.

"Rest assured, when the skies of this world fall down upon our heads, I will be there to catch it," Tarasque said. "But, I will not be able to hold it up alone."

The strongest Demigod of Hestia stood up from the ground and gazed at Vlad with a determined expression.

"Go, Vlad," Tarasque ordered. "Inform the others. When the sky turns red, and the fires of destruction descend upon the world, the final battle of this world will be fought."

Vlad unconsciously gulped because Tarasque's words were like a prophecy. Even though he had no evidence, his instincts were telling him with certainty that the words of the Monstrous Beast in front of him would come to pass.

"How long do we have?" Vlad inquired. He wanted to know how much time he had left to prepare for what was about to come.

Tarasque didn't answer right away as it once again stared at the sky.

"I don't know," Tarasque replied. "Perhaps, only Malacai knows."

Tarasque started to walk away, and Vlad simply stood there looking at the Behemoth that had promised to be there when the sky was about to fall. The Demigod's back that once looked strong and invincible, was now hunched as if carrying a heavy burden.

'What kind of war could possibly surpass the war that happened during the Era of the Gods?' Vlad thought long and hard, but he couldn't think of an answer to his question.

He had not been born during that dark and tumultuous time of the world, so he had no idea how big the scale of the upcoming war was going to be.

If even the combined strength of the Demigods of the world couldn't stop what was coming then was there any hope for them at all?

Vlad didn't have the answer to these questions. Although he was one of the few that stood at the peak of the world, he was not omnipotent.

'There's no use of thinking about this now,' Vlad gritted his teeth as he transformed into his true form. He still had a few places to visit, and pass along the words that Tarasque had told him. No matter what happened in the future, one thing was certain.

The Demigods could no longer be aloof and stay away from the affairs of the mortal realm.

—--

High above the Kyrintor Mountains…

Takam looked at the starry skies with his arms crossed over his chest. His eyes glowed with power as a magic circle formed under his feet.

He was gathering the power of the Kyrintor Mountains to perform a Tenth Circle Spell.

That night, all the members of the tribes knelt down as they transferred the power of their faith to their Sovereign.

The entirety of the Southern Continent was unaware that something beyond their understanding was happening in the distant mountains, located on the Northern tip of the Hellan Kingdom.

In this dark, and quiet night, when the moon was nowhere in sight…

The vanguards of Humanity were making preparations to fight.