Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

When William opened his eyes, he found himself back inside his room in the dormitory room.

The windows were open, and yet, the room was dark. The Half-Elf tried to recall what happened before he lost consciousness. Slowly, but surely, the images gradually resurfaced in his memories, giving him a clearer picture of what Shannon looked like.

Inside the room, there was a young lady sitting on a chair and holding a brush in her left hand. She had long white hair, and her eyes were purple in color. The thing that stood out the most about her appearance were the ears that were on top of her head.

Shannon's ears didn't resemble those of any humanoid species. They looked like fluffy Beastkin ears that he had seen in some comics and T.V shows back on Earth.

William couldn't recall if they were cat ears, or fox ears because her smooth, and soul-stirring voice, made him unable to form any coherent thoughts.

All he could tell was that the girl was similar to him. A Half-breed of shorts.

Half human, half Beastkin.

The Half-Elf rubbed the back of his head. It was there where someone had hit him, but the pain was long dissipated. Clearly, he had already been healed from his injury and only remained unconscious due to the power of Shannon's strong divinity.

While he was deep in his thoughts, the door of his room opened. Ian came in pushing a trolley of food that she had taken from the dining hall of the Dormitory.

"It's good to see you are awake," Ian said as she walked towards him with a smile. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

William frowned as he gazed back at his lover. "How many days did I sleep?"

"Only a few hours," Ian replied as she looked at him with a worried look on her face. "Do you feel hurt anywhere?"

William shook his head. "I'm fine. I don't feel pain anywhere."

He wasn't lying. William had already asked Optimus to run a diagnostic scan to check his condition, and the results showed him that he was perfectly fine.

"Good. I was surprised when you were carried back to the dormitory by Kenneth. I didn't expect you to return in that manner."

"I also didn't expect that I would be brought to that state. It seems that I need to change my strategy when interacting with Shannon."

William sighed. Just a mere glance, and a few words from Shannon was enough to make him unable to hold on to his rationality, and it unnerved him.

Ian transformed into her mermaid form and cupped his face. She then planted a kiss on his forehead before patting his head.

William closed his eyes and allowed himself to be embraced by the lady who had given half of her heart to him.

"You don't need to rush things," Ashe said as she pulled William closer until his head rested on her chest. "You can take it slow. Shannon is not going anywhere. Sidonie and Chiffon told me everything already."

"Mmm," William replied as he felt Ashe's softness and warmth.

The two of them stayed like that for a few minutes before the beautiful mermaid reluctantly took a step back.

"Eat first," Ashe said as she walked towards the food trolley. "It is now eight in the evening and you've been sleeping for ten hours."

Ashe didn't wait for William's reply and arranged the food on the table in his room. The smell of delicious food reached his senses, and it was then when he realized that he was very hungry.

After eating everything that Ashe had brought for him, William walked towards the balcony of his room. Ashe followed suit, and the two of them sat there while looking at the stars in the sky.

"Ashe, Aamon's last test is a little difficult," William said after a few minutes passed. "However, worry not. I will find a way and lift the curses placed on you, Est, and Isaac. I promise."

Ashe nodded her head. "I believe you."

The two stared at each other for a little while before they shared a short, yet love-filled, kiss on the lips. After the kiss ended, Ashe pulled back. Although she wanted to remain, she had an appointment with Princess Sidonie, and Chiffon.

William's three lovers decided to have a meeting about how to help William accomplish his last mission. They planned to keep this as a secret for the time being until they found a way to overcome Shannon's powerful divinity.

"I'll be going now," Ashe said as she caressed William's cheeks. "Just call for me if you need anything."

"Mmm." William nodded his head in understanding.

Ashe undid her transformation before leaving the room. William watched her go with a sigh.

The Half-Elf once again looked at the stars. It had been a while since he had done this after leaving the Tower of Babylon.

"The stars of Hestia are really different from the ones on Earth and Asgard," William said softly.

He had been in Hestia for more than eighteen years of his life. Since the day he was born, he had encountered several hardships, and faced challenges that someone of his age shouldn't have had to face.

Ten minutes later, William returned to his bed to sleep. Even though he had already slept for many hours, he was still feeling exhausted. Perhaps it was the side effect of being in Shannon's presence, or perhaps it was due to the sneak attack he received back then.

"Tomorrow." William yawned as he closed his eyes. "I will try again tomorrow."

The Half-Elf hoped that when morning came, he would be able to find some clues about how to help Shannon solve her problem.

—--

Inside the Shrine located on the East side of the Academy…

A brush danced across the canvas giving color to Shannon's creation.

Her eyes were focused on the canvas as the brush started to move in a blur. With each stroke, her masterpiece came closer to completion.

The colors she used were purple, red, orange, and gold. These combinations of colors breathed life to the scene that she was currently painting.

In a world dyed in purple, red giants walked in an orderly manner. Their hands and feet were swathed with a tinge of orange and gold, showing the color of flames.

Thousands of these red giants appeared on Shannon's canvas, and all of their expressions were fierce. After making the last stroke, Shannon paused.

The painting was only halfway finished, because she couldn't paint more than this.

"Tomorrow. I will paint again tomorrow," Shannon said softly as she stared at her incomplete work. "Your Excellency, what do you think? Is it good?"

A lady wearing a celestial robe walked towards Shannon and peered at the painting. She then patted Shannon's head, as if telling her that she did a good job.

Shannon allowed herself to be pampered because it was only in these moments when her desolate heart would feel a tinge of fleeting happiness.

"Rest, my dearest," the otherworldly beauty said as she kissed Shannon's cheeks. "Tomorrow, you will be having guests."

Shannon nodded her head as she allowed herself to be half-carried towards her bedroom. It had been a long day, and she was indeed tired.

She hoped that when morning came, her sisters would come to visit her.

Although her existence had broken the rules of the world, it was something that couldn't be helped.

After all, she was someone that was not supposed to be born.