Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

It was the weekend so William and the rest didn't have any classes.

After having a hearty breakfast to wash away the abuse he received in his dreams, William, accompanied by Ian and Kenneth, went to meet with Princess Sidonie and Chiffon.

Princess Sidonie and Chiffon shared a room together, so it wasn't hard to meet them. At least, that was how it was supposed to be normally, but there was one problem. The girl's dormitory was completely off limits to male students.

Although William didn't have any complaints about this rule, he could only shake his head helplessly because the same didn't apply to the girls. The female students of the academy could freely visit the boy's dormitories anytime they wanted.

The only limit was the nightly curfew, which prevented them from staying longer than seven in the evening.

Half an hour later, William, his lovers, and Kenneth, walked in the direction of the shrine.

William walked hand in hand with Chiffon, while Princess Sidonie explained to him the plan that they had formulated to allow William the ability to resist the power of Shannon's divinity.

"I was really surprised when I saw Shannon yesterday," Princess Sidonie said as she held onto William's arm. "There has been no precedent in the past, but I can't believe that someone like her exists."

Princess Sidonie wanted to explain more, but it seemed that a powerful restriction was preventing her from telling William about Shannon's true identity. In fact, it was not only her. Chiffon, Kenneth, Lilith, and Celeste weren't able to say anymore either.

There seemed to be an invisible law that prevented anyone from sharing the information they had about Shannon. Because of this, Princess Sidonie just told William the plan they had in mind.

"Although I'm not a hundred percent sure that this plan will work, it has at least a seventy percent chance of success," Princess Sidonie said. "You need to merge with one of us when meeting with Shannon. The power of our Divinity will help you resist her Divinity to a certain extent."

William nodded in understanding. Unlike the Seven Deadly Sins and the Seven Virtues, the Half-Elf wasn't able to hold his wits around Shannon for even half a minute. This degree of suppression was something he had never felt before.

It was different from the overbearing suppression that came from a Demigod. It was simply a force that ignored the laws of the world, and made anyone who set their eyes on her feel that their world had lost all of its colors. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

"Why didn't I think of this?" William felt like slapping his forehead for not thinking of this simple method to deal with Shannon's Divinity.

Princess Sidonie giggled as she held unto her beloved. "Now, one question remains. Who will you merge with? Chiffon or I? Or… would you rather merge with Kenneth?"

Kenneth who was walking behind William frowned. He didn't understand what Princess Sidonie meant by merging. However, he was willing to extend his help to William if that would help the Half-Elf accomplish his goals.

William paused for a moment and turned back to look at the silver-haired Elf.

The details of his most recent dream, and remembering what Princess Sidonie and Ian had told him about Kenneth's battle in the tournament, came to mind as he observed the face that was familiar, yet not.

William shook these thoughts out of his head and chalked it up to Sidonie teasing Kenneth because his hair had grown longer then. Turning his focus back to pondering which of his two wives he would pick to conduct his experiment, he happened to glance down at the adorable girl who was pulling on the side of his robe in order to catch his attention.

Chiffon looked up at him with a tender gaze. The red-headed teenager's heart melted after seeing her expression. Because of this, he said that he would choose his pink-haired wife to merge with him when they faced Shannon a second time.

Princess Sidonie giggled, and Kenneth shook his head helplessly at the Half-Elf's behavior.

—--

As William's group neared the Eastern Shrine, something else was happening in a place that was far beyond their reach.

The three thousand Harbingers of Destruction continued their march as the beautiful blue planet drew closer. They estimated that it would only take them a day or two to arrive at their destination.

Suddenly, one of the three Demigods that were marching in front of the army raised its hand, which made everyone come to a halt.

The thirty-meter tall Giant with long red hair, tied up in braids, looked at the distortion that was slowly materializing in front of their army. The distortion was at least a mile away from where they stood, but the Giant Demigod decided to stop their advance, and observe this phenomenon that he was seeing for the first time in its long lifetime.

Half a minute later, a floating island appeared in the void. In the middle of the island was a Giant Fortress whose presence made the Demigod frown.

The floating fortress was none other than the last bastion of humanity, Avalon.

The gates of the Fortress opened and seven individuals walked out of it. They then jumped down from the floating island.

With the exception of the Arcane Spectral Lich, Diabolical Hell Knight, Grim Nightmare Revenant—who had all summoned their bone dragons—the others landed on the Passage of the Worlds, facing the three-thousand strong Giant Army that was more than capable of annihilating several empires in the Central Continent.

Nuckelavee held the spear in its hand firmly as it stared at the enemies that were in front of it.

The Devil of the Sea was a Pseudo-Demigod, and could fight head on with Demigods, However, the three, thirty-meter tall Giants gave it some pressure.

Clearly, these were no ordinary Demigods. The three Giants were Peak Demigods who specialized in war and destruction. They were similar to Nuckleavee, only bigger and more powerful.

The Monstrous Skeleton Sovereign and Giant Slaying Draugr, was only as tall as the smaller giants, and even they felt that fighting head-on with three Demigods, a hundred Pseudo-Demigods, and thousands of Peak Millennial Giants was too high of a hurdle.

However, none of them would be backing down from this fight. Behind them was their homeworld, and they would not allow these foreign threats to set their home world ablaze.

Malacai stepped forward and stood in front of his subordinates. He was as strong as the strongest Demigod among their enemy's ranks, and his face, which was made completely out of bones, showed no change of expression.

He summoned his staff, which he had lent to William during the battle in the Southern Continent and held it high.

The Fortress of Avalon lit up as the Elven Undead, manned their posts. They activated the Fortress' long distance weaponry in order to support their champions.

Malacai slammed his staff on the ground as the embers on his eye sockets blazed brightly.

"You shall not Pass!" The Ancient Guardian of Hestia roared and the Passage of the World trembled.

Out of sight from the billions of inhabitants of the world, these Unsung Heroes took a fighting stance, as they prepared to make their stand, to fight against the invaders who wished to destroy the world, and everything they held dear in their undead hearts.