Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Tremohr, the strongest Demigod among the Giant Army, looked down at the undead who dared to block their path.

His brothers, Araznir and Sirion, snorted as they gazed at Malacai with contempt.

As the Harbingers of Destruction, they possessed the unique ability to understand the language of the world that had been assigned to them to destroy.

Tremohr raised his hand and gestured for the Giants to prepare to fight. Although he sensed that Malacai possessed strength equivalent to his, the Dracolich's companions posed no threat in his eyes.

"Kill!" Tremohr ordered. He then ran forward with his Giant War Axe held high, ready to strike and destroy anything that blocked his way.

The other giants roared and charged forward, brandishing their weapons of destruction.

Malacai was unfazed and pointed his staff forward. "Fire!"

Avalon lit up and a powerful magical barrage descended upon the Giants who were rushing towards him in droves.

Due to the size of their targets, the Elven undead didn't even need to aim because they would hit their targets no matter what.

The magical attacks came from powerful artifacts that had been stored inside Avalon for thousands of years. Some of these Artifacts were of the Legendary Ranks, so they posed significant threats, even to the Demigods who were leading the charge of the Giant Army.

This was why Malacai told William that he was not allowed to steal any of the treasures that were kept in Avalon, when the Half-Elf came to ask for his help.

The Giants' advance slowed down as the magical bombardment pelted their bodies. The ancient artifacts, that had survived the Era of the Gods, were not something that they could just shrug off completely.

However, Malacai knew that even with Avalon's powerful bombardement, they were still at a disadvantage in this head-on confrontation. They were not fighting mindless beasts. They were fighting an army that had already taken part in destroying worlds.

As the Giants neared their location, the magical barrage intensified as well. The three Demigods, as well as the hundreds of Pseudo-Demigods were taking the brunt of the bombardment.

Injuries appeared on their bodies, and blood flowed like a river, but their advance never stopped. Sirion, one of the three Demigods, held a scepter in his hand and he enveloped the Giant Army in a magical barrier, which weakened the damage of the spells that were raining down on them.

The other Demigod, Araznir, blew a giant cone shell and the injuries that the Giants received slowly regenerated. Although it was not an instant regeneration, the damage that they had received was slowly recovering with each passing second. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

'They're not an ordinary raiding party,' Malacai thought. He then chanted a spell and the tip of his staff glowed eerily.

"Shadow Shackles!" Malacai shouted. Knowing that he wouldn't be able to stop the giant's advance, he decided to cast a 9th Circle Spell that would bind the weaker giants, while he, and his subordinates dealt with the stronger ones.

The ground under his feet was dyed black, and it spread out towards the Giant Army. several black chains sprang out from the ground and bound the giants' bodies.

This was a powerful restraining spell cast by a Demigod, so the majority of the Giant Army came to a complete stop.

Only the three Demigods, as well as the Pseudo-Demigods were able to break free from their bindings and continued their charge.

Malacai knew that this was the best that he could do in this situation and motioned for his subordinates to prepare to fight in close combat.

Although hundred three opponents pitted against seven was still a staggering number, it was much better than seven against three thousand.

Avalon focused on firing its magical barrage at the Giants that had been bound by Malacai, to prevent friendly fire.

Nuckelavee laughed as it charged forward, brandishing its spear. It didn't need to communicate with Malacai because it already knew who its target would be. The Devil of the Sea charged at Araznir who was holding the Giant Cone Shell that was slowly regenerating the injuries of the giants.

As long as the Cone Shell was there, any damage they dealt would be useless!

Malacai flew towards Tremohr because the latter was the strongest among the Giants.

The Arcane Spectral Lich, Diabolical Hell Knight, and Grim Nightmare Revenant focused on Sirion, who held the scepter that mitigated the power of their magical attacks.

The Monstrous Skeleton Sovereign and Giant Slaying Draugr was forced to face the hundreds of Pseudo-Demigods on the ground.

With a powerful cry, the Giant Slaying Draugr met the giants head on. He was able to send three of them flying with his weapon, but the rest ganged up on him and tore off his body parts.

The same could be said for the Monstrous Skeleton Sovereign. It was only able to cut off a Giant's head before its bones were smashed to bits.

The power difference between the two parties was too great that it was impossible to change the situation with just determination alone.

The staff on Malacai's hand glowed, and the two fallen Undead Giants that had been torn to shreds were restored to their original state. The two immediately worked together to sneak attack the giants that had trampled on their bodies and gave their enemies serious injuries.

"Foul tricks!" Tremohr roared as he brandished his weapon towards Malacai.

The Dracolich was forced to dodge the attack, and was unable to support the two Undead Giants who had once again been hacked to pieces. This time, the Giants learned from their mistake and threw their body parts in separate directions.

Even if they re-assembled themselves again, it would take a longer time to do so.

Seeing that their first line of defense had crumbled, the Undead that manned the Fortress of Avalon set their sights on the Pseudo-Demigods on the ground.

They fired a powerful barrage at their enemies, but the Giants endured these attacks.

When the giants neared the floating island, they all jumped into the air.

Their giant bodies landed on the floating island making it tremble.

"Die!" One of the Giants approached the fortress and hacked its walls with a giant hammer. A soft hum reverberated in the air as the magical defenses of Avalon activated.

Avalon was the strongest fortress of mankind. It would take more than an attack from a Giant to break its walls. Even so, it was not invincible.

As more Giants reached the fortress, their relentless attacks weakened the magical barrier that protected it. Several cracks started to appear on the barrier's surface, which meant that the damage was slowly, but surely, breaking through its defenses.

Malacai wanted to return to defend the Fortress, but Tremohr had effectively blocked all of his attempts to retreat.

"The dead should just remain dead," Tremohr sneered in contempt. "Allow me to ensure that you will not rise a second time."

Tremohr swung his mighty axe while using an ability that froze Malacai in place. The Dracolich was forced to summon a black blade to block Tremohr's attack, and the two weapons clashed against each other, a powerful shockwave forced the two of them apart, as they stared hatefully at each other.

Suddenly, a loud cracking sound reached Malacai's ears and his already grim face turned grimmer.

The magical barrier that protected Avalon was starting to break, and it was only a matter of time before it shattered into pieces.

At that exact moment, a powerful voice reverberated across the battlefield.

"I Dance Across the Frozen Heavens, All Hail!"

Out of nowhere, a powerful blizzard enveloped the entirety of the floating island. Hovering above Avalon, a young lady with light-blue hair danced and waved her hands, sending giant icicles into the Giants that were hacking at the walls of Avalon.

The lady who had an otherworldly beauty continued to dance and a confident smile could be seen on her beautiful face

Light blue pillars of light descended on the ramparts of Avalon. When the light receded, several young men, and women, who seemed to be in their late teens, appeared with determined looks on their faces.

All of them were holding weapons in their hands and with her orders, they all spread out to attack the Giants who had started to back away from the walls of Avalon.

"Go," Ella ordered. "Show them the power of the newly evolved Angorian War Sovereigns!"