Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The giants felt that the power of the icicles could threaten their lives so they immediately retreated in haste.

It was at that moment when a young man with light blue hair charged at one of the retreating giants with a speed that overtook the latter in a span of a few seconds.

Due to his size, the giant didn't notice the approaching threat behind its back.

The young man was holding a blade in each hand as he concentrated a great amount of magical power underneath his feet. When he felt that enough power had been gathered, he stomped on the ground and jumped towards the giant.

Knowing that this would not be enough to reach his target, the young man stepped on the air, creating an icy foothold that only lasted for a few seconds, before shattering.

Even so, that was enough to continue his advance forward.

The Giant who had the Rank of a Pseudo Demigod finally felt something threatening approaching him from behind. He hastily turned around to attack whoever was planning to backstab him, but he didn't see anyone.

Levi, one of Wiliam's goats, had evolved into a demi-human with the help of Ella's blood. The goat, who had stood with William during his youth, had finally reached the peak of the Millennial Rank.

A Millennial Beast fighting a Pseudo-Demigod was a laughable concept. Their powers were worlds apart. Levi could easily lose his life with just a single, full-powered, slap from the Giant in front of him. However, he was not afraid.

Among his brothers and sisters, he was the one that was least afraid of Giants, even if they were of the Pseudo-Demigod Level.

Levi's body spun in the air and the blades in his hand emitted a bloody hue. With a powerful strike, he slashed down at the nape of the neck of the giant, almost severing it in half.

The young man then landed on the head of the Giant and simply stood as straight as a sword. A few seconds later, the Giant collapsed on the ground, making the ground tremble.

It was barely holding on to life, and only the regeneration ability that was constantly flooding its body was keeping its life intact.

Levi didn't move from the Giant's head and simply stared at the other retreating giants.

"You're not going to finish it off?" a young man, who had similar hair color as Levi asked as he watched the nape of the Giant's neck slowly regenerate. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

"I was waiting for you to finish him off," Levi replied as if it was the most normal thing to say.

The young man with curly light-blue hair smirked as he placed his foot on the giant's wounded neck.

Keith, the goat whose name was ridiculed by many in the past raised his hand with a sinister smile on his face.

A blue seed appeared in his hand, which he nonchalantly tossed into the Giant's wound that was continuing it's slow regeneration.

A few seconds later, the body of the giant started to shake uncontrollably. Levi and Keith had already retreated at a safe distance as they watched the fate of a Pseudo-Demigod who was at the last vestige of its life.

A green vine laced with thorns, and oozing with blood, slithered out of the Giant's mouth. A moment later, two more vines erupted from the Giant's eye sockets, destroying it completely.

The giant's body twisted and several more vines erupted from the insides of its body, sending blood flying like a fountain. Soon, the Giant stopped moving. Only the vines who were happily sucking its blood continued to move, making the scene similar to what one would see in a horror movie.

"Fun time's over," a confident voice commented from behind the two young men.

"Don't go overboard, okay?" a carefree voice said. "Remember, one mistake and we're goners."

Levi and Keith looked at the two new arrivals and nodded their heads. They were none other than Chronos and Jed.

"Where are the others?" Levi asked as he flicked the blades in his hand, sending the blood that stuck to them to the ground.

"Just like you guys, killing off stragglers," Jed commented before whistling at the giant that Keith had killed. "Aslan and his team are fighting over there, I think."

Jed pointed in the distance where several spells were flying in the air. Two more newcomers joined their group. One young man, and a young woman. They were none other than the other members of Chronos' team, Myr, and Io.

"Let's go," Chronos ordered. "The battle has just started."

The group of six ran towards where their companions were fighting in order to act as reinforcements.

Ella, who was hovering above Avalon had already canceled the Blizzard that she had created. Her eyes glowed with power as she observed the battlefield.

Malacai, who had noticed her arrival, gave her a brief nod before continuing his battle with Tremohr.

Avalon's magical barrier would automatically regenerate, but it required some time to do so. Although he didn't know the identity of the people that had come to help him, one thing was certain.

All of them were on the same side.

The magical bombardment of Avalon had stopped because all of the magical artifacts required a cool down period in order to regain their magical power. Even though the Undead could still use them a few times, the Greater Undead that was giving orders to the Undead Defenders deemed it would be best to let the artifacts recharge, while they still had the leeway to do so.

Below the floating fortress, Nuckelavee's body flew over a hundred meters after it was hit by Araznir's War Mace.

Its body was bleeding all over, but its fighting spirit was still burning brightly. Unfortunately, it would need a few minutes to fully regenerate its injuries, so it could continue to fight against the Demigod that had completely outclassed it in terms of battle prowess.

Araznir was no fool, so he decided to end Nuckelavee's life while the latter was down. The Devil of the Sea tried to forcefully raise its spear in order to block the oncoming attack, but it knew that it could only block the Demigod's attack one last time.

After that, it would be incapacitated, unable to defend itself for the next blow.

The Giant roared as he sent his mace slamming towards Nuckelavee with all its might, with the intention of smashing its body apart.

Nuckleavee gritted its teeth as it prepared itself to the block the attack.

However, right before the giant mace met Nuckelavee's spear, the mace stopped mid-air.

Araznir turned his head to the side, as his body subconsciously moved against his will.

There, floating a few hundreds of meters away from him, was a young girl with short blonde hair, with curls at the end, and a pair of blue eyes that was looking at Araznir as if she had found a new toy to play with. Behind her back was a pair of fairy-like wings that were flapping excitedly.

She had used Duel-Ex earlier in order to prevent the Demigod from delivering a crippling blow to Nuckelavee, forcing Araznir to exchange blows with her.

"Pick someone your own size," Chloee said as she wound up her arm to unleash the strongest blow she was capable of unleashing.

Even as a Demigod, Araznir could feel a dangerous feeling coming from the young lady who was nothing more than a bug in his eyes.