Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Elliot, who was hovering a good distance away from Chloee, couldn't stop his lips from twitching. If not for the current circumstances, he might have teased Chloee that she was a small bug compared to the giant, so telling Araznir to pick someone his own size was laughable.

But, he held his words back and scanned his surroundings.

Right now, the Angelic Familiar had the form of a twelve-year old William. His blonde hair was standing up as lightning crackled all over his body. A blue bird was perched on his shoulder, and constantly scanning the battlefield, just like him.

Both of them were looking for something, and it was something of the utmost importance.

Elliot had brought Chloee, and Meredith to the Void, in order to prevent a certain incident from happening.

Chloee's role was to help even out the playing field in the fight against Demigods, while Elliot and Meredith focused on finding their target. The Angelic Familiar's and the Blue Bird's strength was only at the Centennial Rank.

Their role was very limited in this battlefield, where their opponents could easily crush their bodies with a single step. Elliot and Meredith understood this, but this was a gamble that they had to take.

—--

As the war was being raged at the void, several individuals in the world of Hestia were starting to notice.

The Demigods, with the exception of Takam, raised their heads towards the sky. They could feel the powerful fluctuations that were radiating from a place they couldn't see.

Soon, rumbling sounds spread across the entire world. They were like peals of thunder, but only more powerful. Emperors, Kings, nobles, commoners, and Beasts, all raised their heads and looked up at the sky in confusion.

William's body uncontrollably shuddered as he, too, looked up at the sky. He was sensing a familiar feeling.

A feeling that he had felt thousands of years ago, and it made his blood boil regardless of his will.

At that exact moment, almost everyone in the world was staring at the sky. Those who sat at the peak of the mortal realm could see brief flashes of light beyond the heavens. It didn't take long for them to realize that some kind of battle was being waged in a place they couldn't see.

As if by instinct, they felt something stir in their hearts. A feeling of wanting to lend their support to whoever was fighting for their sake.

This power of Faith was unconsciously released from their bodies and traveled towards the center of the world.

This was where a certain tower, that reached high into the heavens, could be found.

Three old people—two men and one woman—stood at the top of the Tower. They were the true owners of the Tower of Babylon, and the tower was created to raise individuals who would be able to protect the world.

Unfortunately, Belial's actions had delayed the progress of Humanity. The Guardian had even taken the lives of talented individuals that should have ushered in a new era for mankind. Although Wiliam had already ended his menace, the lost time couldn't be regained in the span of a year or two.

Now, they could only put their faith in those who wanted to protect the world, and lend them the power of Faith, which was currently being gathered and concentrated at the Tower of Babylon.

—--

Tarasque sighed when it heard the rumbling sounds in the heavens. It understood that this was just a prelude to what was to come. Even so, it still hoped that the forces fighting for their side would win this first clash in the battle against the Harbingers of Destruction.

The other Demigods of Hestia may not be as knowledgeable as Tarasque, but they were not stupid. They may quarrel and have conflicts against each other, but when faced with an outside threat, all of them would stand united as one.

The battle in the sky waged on, and no one knew about the current situation, except those who were present in the battlefield, and doing their best to defend their homeworld with all of their might.

—---

Araznir easily crossed the distance and brandished his weapon angrily at the little girl who was giving him a dangerous feeling. For him, eliminating those that posed a threat to their army was of utmost importance.

The Giant brandished his mace, and placed all of his strength into it for one powerful strike that would obliterate any foe it hit.

Chloee smirked as she disappeared from where she stood. A few seconds later, she reappeared right in front of Araznir's chest, with her right fist glowing brightly.

"Overwhelming Strike!" Chloee shouted as her fist hit Araznir squarely on the chest.

The Giant sneered because he was sure that the girl's attack wouldn't even faze him. Aside from his strong, and sturdy body, Araznir was also wearing an armor that boasts a very high defense.

The Giant was about to swat the little fairy on his chest when his whole body suddenly bent over like a cooked shrimp. A painful groan escaped his lips, before his body flew backwards for over a thousand meters due to Chloee's powerful punch.

Before they arrived at the Void. Elliot had used his lightning to deal some damage to Chloee in order to lower her health. He did this in order to trigger Chloee's passive Juggernaut skills that increased her strength by a hundred percent.

This punch could easily obliterate Drauum, but Araznir was a Demigod at its peak strength. Even though his body didn't shatter to pieces, Chloee's punch had broken his armor, and gave him a very serious injury.

Nuckelavee and Meredith, who watched the entire scene unfold, were dumbfounded by Chloee's great strength.

Even the two other Demigods, Tremohr and Sirion couldn't help but gape at their companion who was blown away by a single punch.

Malacai, and Ella glanced at Chloee and nodded their heads in appreciation. With such a powerful helper by their side, they would be able to cope better with the Giant Army who earlier had the upper hand.

Just like Malacai, Ella was curious on how the three newcomers had appeared in the void. This place was protected by Time and Space, and very few knew of the method of traversing this dimension.

The reason why Ella managed to appear in the Void was due to the power of Takam's artifact in the Kyrintor Mountains. The power of Faith that belonged to the tribes allowed him to open the fabric that connected the world of Hestia to the passage of the worlds.

Ella and the newly evolved Angorian War Sovereigns used this method to arrive at their destination, and help Malacai deal with the invaders who only sought the destruction of their world.

Chloee was someone who didn't follow etiquette during battles. After hitting her opponent, she flew towards the fallen giant with the intention of dealing as much damage as possible.

"World Ending Strike!" Chloee roared as she did a roundhouse kick and smashed her foot on Araznir's family jewels.

A soundless scream erupted from Araznir's lips as he curled up in pain. Due to the giant's current position, Chloee decided to pummel the giant's head with a barrage of punches and kicks, which almost dislocated the giant's jaw.

The little girl was about to activate another Overwhelming Strike when she felt a threat coming from her right side. Trusting her instincts, she hastily backed away, just in time to see a giant fiery whip that brushed past her body.

Tremohr wouldn't allow Araznir to die, so he immediately came to his companion's rescue. Seeing that she wouldn't be able to continue her rampage, Chloee decided to do the next best thing, and smashed the Giant Cone Shell that lay beside Araznir.

She punched and kicked it until it was smashed to pieces. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Immediately, the regeneration ability that the giants had obtained as a buff disappeared. It was a small compensation for the lost opportunity of ending one of the Demigod's life using her full powered attack that she could only use three times a day.

A series of battlecry spread across the void as the remainder of the Giants finally broke free from Malacai's spell.

After seeing what was happening to their leaders, the Giant Army ran with their weapons held firmly in their hands.

The Giant that ran in the lead of the formation was one of the captains assigned in the army. With his orders, the giants crossed the distance with great strides in order to counter-attack the hateful creatures who were delaying their righteous mission.

Suddenly, a whistling sound reverberated in the surroundings and the Giant Captan screamed in pain.

A silver spear had struck its eye, blinding it completely.

Tremohr glanced at the direction where the spear had come from with an annoyed expression on his savage face. There had been so many pests appearing left and right, and it was starting to get on its nerves.

However, when he saw the person who had thrown the spear that had struck his subordinate, the anger on his face disappeared and was replaced by shock.

"Y-You!" Tremohr pointed at the newcover in disbelief. "Why are you here?!"

Malacai, Ella, Chloee, and the others glanced in the direction where the giant was pointing at.

It was then when they saw an old man, seated on top of an eight-legged horse.

Ella immediately recognized who the old bandit was, and the corner of her lips rose by a good margin.

"Took you long enough," Ella said. If one were to listen closely, they would be able to find a trace of complaint in her voice.

The old man gave an awkward chuckle, but he didn't reply to Ella's words. Instead, his eyes locked on the bodies of the Giants in the distance.

The Giants, with the exception of the Demigods, unconsciously took a step back when they saw the face of the old man that was excluding a powerful presence.

Although the face was different, they knew for certain that the old man before them was the person who was hailed as one of the Strongest War Gods in existence.

The heavily injured Demigod Araznir, as well as his companion Sirion, hurriedly regrouped with Tremohr, because they felt a threat that far surpassed the combined forces of the people that they were fighting with just now.

"Are you scared?" James asked in a teasing tone. "Good. Because there is a good reason for you to be scared."

The old bandit of Lont narrowed his eyes as a powerful killing intent exploded from his body.

"According to the stars, now is a good day for Giants to die," James said with a smile. "Don't worry. I'll send all of you to hell, free of charge. No need to thank me."

Although he was cracking a joke, none of the Giants laughed.. They only held onto the weapons in their hands firmly, as if their very lives depended on it.