Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Morgan stood on a platform holding a ceremonial sword in his hand.

His father, James, had tasked him to embed the sword in the pedestal in order to activate the Bifrost Bridge, which would connect the Floor of Asgard to the Passage of the Worlds.

James didn't ask Morgan to accompany him because he had a more important task for his son. Morgan's role was to transfer the power of Faith from the Tower of Babylon towards James, and maintain the connection of the Bifrost Bridge.

Morgan trusted his father very much, so he didn't ask any questions and simply did as he was told. Although he was curious about what was happening, he was certain that once his father came back from who-knows-where, all the questions he had at the moment would be answered.

The Power of Faith that had gathered at the highest peak of the Tower of Babylon had transformed into a golden orb of light, similar to a small sun.

Three beings stood around it and slowly channeled the power towards the 51st Floor. This battle was very important to them, so they didn't hold back in supporting the Heroes that were facing the vanguards of Destruction that had arrived on their doorstep.

The platform where Morgan stood glowed a golden color as the power of Faith was absorbed by the sword in his hand. A few moments later, hundreds of beams of light shot out from the Tower of Babylon, and traveled to all corners of the world of Hestia.

For a brief moment, the entire world was bathed in a golden light, before returning to its normal state.

—--

Back in the Void…

"Impossible! You're already dead!" Tremohr shouted. He refused to believe that the adversary they had feared in the past was once again standing in front of them. Although the face wasn't familiar to them, the spiritual power that he could feel from the old man couldn't be wrong.

James didn't answer right away and merely urged his mighty steed to move forward.

"You're right. I've died once already," James answered, "but I am back, and I am back with a vengeance. This time around, there will be no prophecies to save you from me."

"So what if you're back?" Sirion sneered. "Asgard had already been burned to the ground and your world destroyed for eternity. Right now, you're just a homeless dog with no owner. Oh, how the mighty All Father has fallen!"

James brushed away the strands of hairs that were covering his face. After that, he raised his head ever so slightly, before answering the Giant's taunting.

"Asgard is not a place. Never was," James answered firmly. "It's a people. For as long as the fires of Asgard burn in their hearts, it will continue to exist."

James raised the silver spear Gungnir in the air and it glowed like a beacon warding off darkness. "Asgard is where our people stand… and now, allow me to introduce you to my people."

Hundreds of beams of light landed on top of the Bifrost Bridge, behind James.

"Hah… you're such a slave driver, commander," Owen said with an exaggerated sigh as he walked towards James. "I was just about to make love to my beautiful wife and you chose this time to summon us? If you summoned me a minute later, I might have appeared in my birthday suit."

"It must be hard being a henpecked husband," Dwayne chuckled as he stood beside Owen. He eyed the Giant Army and cracked his knuckles. Obviously, he was preparing himself to punch them to oblivion.

Ezio, Helen, Barbatos, Mr. Bond, Gordon, John, Shawn, and the other warriors of Lont stood proudly around their commander.

Throughout his early days, James had traveled the world of Hestia, searching for the Asgardians who had also reincarnated in this world. Some of them lived in the remote corners of Hestia, and although they chose not to follow James back to Lont, their loyalty remained true to him.

This was why, when James had called for them, they answered the call and were brought to the void by the power of Faith.

The Giants glanced at the newcomers and snorted. Although their opponents had increased by a few hundreds, their strength didn't pose a threat to them. Only James, Malacai, Ella, and Chloee were strong enough to threaten the Demigods and the Pseudo Demigods in the Army of Destruction.

When James saw the contemptuous expressions of the Giants, he laughed at them in his heart.

"I'm called Father of Men, The Ancient Gautr, and All Father. I am Blaze-Eyed. I am also called Eagle Head, and Shield-Shaker," James declared with arrogance. "I am The Wanderer, and I am the Chooser of the Slain. I am Gray-Beard, Masked One, and The Evil Doer. I have as many names as there are winds, as many titles as there are ways to die.

"By my power and authority, I hereby grant you the right to unseal all of your powers! Brave Heroes of Valhalla, I once again call upon you to make your stand! Break away from the shackles that bind you and unleash your true power! Show them the power of the Einherjars!"

Gungnir shone once again and the rays of light landed on the hundreds of men that answered their Master's call.

Owen, who was standing next to James, started to glow.

When the light receded, a handsome man who seemed to be in his mid-twenties appeared in front of everyone. He had platinum blonde hair, and eyes that were as blue as the clear sky. He emanated the strength of a magician that had broken through the limit of the 10th Circle.

He was none other than Owen, the Grand Archon of Life, and his face would make all the ladies in the world swoon due to how good looking he was. The handsome man had an impatient look on his face as he faced the Giant's Army.

Clearly, he was more interested in fighting thirty rounds with his wife, than dealing with the stinking giants, who had come uninvited in their new domain.

If William was there, he would definitely refuse to believe that the old perverted man, who had taught him all the techniques he knew about how to pleasure a woman, was the same person who was now oozing with a very strong life force and charisma. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

Dwayne, the bald monk, who had taught William unarmed combat, now stood wearing the armor that he once wore when he was still an Einherjar that fought under Odin's direct command.

Helen, whom William had always called Aunt Helen, had transformed into a beautiful young lady who seemed to be in her early twenties. White wings sprouted behind her back and in her hand, she carried a flag where two ravens had their wings spread wide, as if they were just about to fly towards the sky.

This was the flag of Odin's personal army that followed him into battles. Helen was the Valkyrie who was under his direct command. She was also their legion's flag bearer. Her role was to ensure that Odin's flag would be seen on the battlefield, giving strength to the warriors who were fighting for the sake of the Nine Realms.

The hundreds of warriors also transformed into their forms when they were at their peak. A powerful force swept across the battlefield at that moment, and the Giants finally realized that they had underestimated how strong the warriors of the world they were planning to destroy were.

Each member of Odin's Legion had the Rank of a Saint at its peak. They were just as strong as William when he entered his Heroic Avatar form, and all of them were veterans in battle. If this kind of force appeared in any place in the Central Continent, it would certainly be a force that no one would openly dare to oppose.

James body was bathed in light, and when it receded, the old man, who always wore a robe, was covered in a golden armor. He also wore a golden horned helmet, which high-lighted the black eyepatch on his face.

The All Father then pointed Gungnir at his enemies, and Sleipneir raised its front legs while neighing out loud. The time of talking was over, it was now the time to fight.

"For Asgard!" James roared with all his might. It was the same warcry that he had shouted when the end of the world stared at him in the face.

It was the same warcry he shouted as he stared at the prophesied adversary that was meant to claim his life.

The All Father of Asgard and the God of all Aesirs once again donned his armor and weapon of war, like he did thousands of years ago. James led the charge at the frontlines of the battlefield, for honor, and for the the things he had lost!

""For Asgard!""

The hundreds of warriors shouted in unison. Their blood boiled inside their bodies as they stared hatefully at the invaders that had trampled over their dignity and honor in the past.

"Kill!" James shouted as Sleipnir charged forward. The magnificent steed neighed as its legs carried it forward.

Helen waved Odin's Flag as she hovered above the battlefield. A sneer appeared on her face as she held the banner in her hands tightly. This time, they would not falter. This time they would win!

""Kill!""

Hundreds of warriors charged alongside James without fear. Their rampage was long overdue.

It was now time for them to unleash the fury that they had kept in their hearts for thousands of years, on the same Giants who thought that they could once again destroy their world, like they had with Asgard thousands of years ago.