Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"Gramps sure is feisty," Elliot muttered as he gave James a side-long glance. "That's my gramps."

William's angelic familiar couldn't stop the silly grin that appeared on his face as he marveled at James' prowess.

"Focus," Meredith reminded him. "We still haven't seen our target."

Meredith's reminder calmed Elliots excitement down as he once again narrowed his eyes to scan his surroundings. In this battle, he was forced to use 70% of his power, just like Chloee, and had taken the form of a young boy.

Lightning snaked around his body as he continued to gather his powers in his right hand. Ever since he and Chloee had appeared on the battlefield, the angelic familiar had been channeling his powers for one full powered strike.

He could only unleash this powerful attack once, and he would be greatly weakened afterward. Even so, it was necessary for this was the only attack that could pierce through their target's defenses.

Malacai backed off because he could tell that James had set his eyes on Tremohr. Since that was the case, he swapped places with his subordinates, and fought Sirion.

The Arcane Spectral Lich, Diabolical Hell Knight, and Grim Nightmare Revenant, joined the Angorian War Sovereigns in fighting off against the Pseudo-Demigods who had once again started to attack Avalon.

"Owen, take Dwayne, Barbatos, Shawn, Gordon, John, Marcus and half of our forces to reinforce Avalon," James ordered. "Helen…"

"I will stay with you, Commander," Helen interjected before James could give her any orders.

The beautiful Valkyrie had the "I'm staying with you and there's nothing you can do about it" expression on her face that forced James to hold back the order he was about to give.

"Fine, Just make sure that you don't get in my way," James replied. "You know how I fight, right?"

"Of course, Commander."

"Good."

Sleipnir rose to the sky as James charged straight towards Tremohr with a fearless grin.

The Strongest Demigod among the Giants didn't step back and faced him head on as well. He swung his Giant Axe and it descended with the weight of several mountains. Tremohr knew that he couldn't afford holding back against such a powerful opponent, so he decided to go all out from the very start.

Odin didn't dodge the attack, instead, he used his hand to grab the blade of the Axe that was only a meter away from his body.

Tremohr stared in disbelief at the scene that was in front of his eyes. He had only seen Odin fight briefly during Ragnarok, but he wasn't among the giants that faced the All Father in that great battle.

He heard that Odin was strong, but he didn't know how strong he was.

"Is this all you've got?" James sneered as he pushed the Giant Axe back. The blunt edge of the War Axe hit Tremohr's head, sending him staggering back a few steps.

James jumped off Sleipnir's back, and punched the Giant's nose, breaking it completely.

Although he wasn't as powerful as he was when he still held the title as the Strongest God of Asgard, his unsealed form was still strong enough to make Tremohr lose all of his confidence in a fight against him.

Right now, James' strength was akin to the strength of a Demigod at its peak. He couldn't always use this power because there was a restriction that bound him from using it. The old bandit of Lont could only unseal his power when he was facing the Army of Destruction.

Outclassed by his opponent, Tremohr knew that it was only a matter of time before their army would be wiped out. The moment he was defeated, James could easily start a massacre and annihilate all the Giants that were under the realm of Demigods.

"Activate the Beacon now!" Tremohr roared.

This was a special means of calling for reinforcements from the main army that all Raiding Teams possessed. There were several worlds that had powerful warriors on them that could resist the Vanguards of Destruction.

When this happened, the leader of the Raiding Team would then send a signal to their Main Army, which in turn would mobilize a stronger force to head to the world where the beacon was lit.

Once the beacon was lit, it would only take a week or two before a massive army, that numbered in the millions, would arrive. This was the main force of the Harbingers of Destruction.

This Army was headed by a God, and under him were thousands of Demigods and Pseudo-Demigods. The main bulk of the army was composed of Millennial and Myriad Ranked Trolls and Giants that had grown in great numbers over the passage of time.

When Tremohr shouted his order, a giant, who was located at the rear of the army, grabbed something from the satchel on his waist.

It was a golden crystal, the size of a bus, and it was the beacon that would call their reinforcements from the far reaches of the void.

The Giant Raised his hand and was about to activate the golden crystal when it was momentarily blinded by a brief flash of light. What followed next was a loud cracking sound of a crystal shattering into pieces.

When the Giant recovered his vision, he saw a blonde-haired boy, with his fist embedded in the golden crystal in his hand.

The Giant roared in anger because he could tell that the beacon had been destroyed in that brief span of time that he got distracted.

The remains of the golden crystal turned into glittering crystal powder, as Elliot felt his entire body became heavy as lead.

Out of anger, the Giant grabbed Elliot and crushed his body in a firm grip.

Elliot bit his lips as he prevented himself from crying out in pain. He had used all of his strength in that single attack, and he no longer had the strength to escape.

"I'll kill you!" The Giant increased his strength and crushed Elliot's body.

Enduring the crushing pain that was threatening to end his life, Elliot sneered at the Giant who had failed to carry out his mission.

"Jokes on you," Elliot said through pained breaths. "I'm too awesome to die."

The Giant roared in anger as he tightened his grip, crushing Elliot's body completely. The Angelic Familiar muttered a few words before his body shattered into a shower of light.

His killer didn't manage to hear his words, nor did anyone for that matter.

Only the wind, that blew softly across the battlefield, carried his words to the one that was meant to hear them. Those words were.

"I will leave the rest to you, Chloee."

Chloee was busy fighting off against Araznir, but she still sensed Elliot's death from afar.

There had been no changes in her emotions as she cornered the Giant Demigod with her cheat-like abilities.

Elliot had already told her that there was a high-chance of dying in this battle, so they had all come prepared to die when things got out of hand. As familiars, their Masters would be able to summon them again after 24 hours had passed.

As long as they didn't use 100% of their powers in battle, they could be summoned again once the duration of their death had expired.

"Duel-Ex!" Chloee shouted when Araznir tried to regroup with Tremohr. She was aware that the three Demigods were the main force of the Giant Army. As long as they were killed, the remnants of their forces would be easy prey.

Araznir cried out in fear as he once again faced the little girl whose fist was glowing in a bright, golden light.

"Noooo!" Araznir could only scream in fear as Chloee moved in for the kill.

This was her third and final chance to use her strongest attack, and she planned to end Araznir's life with it.

The battle against the Demigod wasn't easy. If not for the fact that she could break the laws that the Giants had used against her, the one who would be dying would be her.

Also, Araznir wasn't much of a fighter. His role was support, and he specialized in healing. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

After the giant cone shell was destroyed, the Giant had lost his edge in his battle against Chloee.

If the one who fought against her was Tremohr or Sirion, the little fairy would have definitely died long before Elliot unleashed his suicidal attack to destroy the Beacon of the Giants.

Chloee flew like an arrow and gave Araznir an uppercut. Her small body pierced through his jaw, and went straight to destroy the giant's brain, ending his life.

One of the three Demigods had fallen, and their Beacon had been destroyed. The Morale of the Giants plummeted and some of them even started to retreat.

James' subordinates, Malacai's undead, and the Angorian War Sovereigns, didn't stop their relentless assault and hunted the giants who had decided to run for their lives.

The tides of the battle had shifted, and their roles had completely reversed.

—--

Standing on top of the Giant Sword Embedded in the middle of Hestia Academy, the beautiful lady wearing celestial clothes observed the battle from afar.

Her hands were clenched into fists, and a smile could be seen on her face. Clearly, she was happy with the outcome of the battle.

Unfortunately, she knew that this was only the beginning. Even so, the defenders had bought them precious time.

Time they could use to raise a few more heroes, who would take up arms to defend their world, from the inevitable battle that would decide the Fate of her World.