Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Several chains wrapped around the foot of a giant preventing it from running away. The giant did its best to pull out of the chain that bound it. Some of the chains broke, but more took their place. Soon, the entire body of the giant was rendered immobile.

A black mist flew from the ground and reformed itself on the back of the giant's neck.

"Requiescat in Pace," Ezio said as he swiftly slashed on the nape of the Giant's neck with a sword that was surrounded in black mist.

Black flames erupted from the wound. Soon, the flames spread across the entire giant's body.

Not long after, a blood curdling scream of suffering erupted from the giant's lips as fear, pain, and unwillingness consumed everything, even its bones.

Hundreds of meters away from him, a giant was doing its best to escape, while blood soaked its wound riddled its body.

John, who was mounted on top of a Giant Hawk, unleashed a deadly shower of arrows that turned the giant into a pincushion.

After receiving several injuries, the Giant's speed had slowed down. It was also at that moment when a loud squeal spread across the battlefield.

A five-meter tall wild boar rammed the Giant's calf, breaking its bones, and sending it collapsing onto the ground.

Mounted on top of the Wild Boar was none other than Theo's father, Marcus. Together with his Boar Companion, Thunder, they smashed the giant's head before running after their next kill.

(A/N: Theo was William's best friend in Lont.)

Owen, on the other hand, was smoking a pipe as he observed the battlefield. As a Life Grand Archon, his role was to ensure that they would not have any casualties on their side during the battle.

He would casually point his staff at varying points in the distance and cast barriers around, and healing spells and other support spells on the Asgardians who were consumed by blood lust. These frenzied attacks were quite powerful, but due to the overflowing emotions of revenge, some of the Asgardians disregarded their safety and attacked like there was no tomorrow.

Owen didn't prevent them from doing what they wanted because he knew that they were just venting out the suppressed feelings that they had held inside their hearts for a very long time.

Also, Owen was confident enough that none of them would die under his watch. Even if they did, as a Life Grand Archon, he would be able to bring them back to life, as long as their time of death didn't surpass five minutes.

"Knock yourself out, fools," Owen muttered as he once again pointed his staff in a direction, enclosing one of his comrades in a powerful protective shield to prevent one of the giants from crushing them with its foot.

"The people of Lont are stealing our kills," Jed complained as he summoned an ethereal Sparrowhawk, with a wingspan of five-meters, to attack one of the Giants they had immobilized.

The Sparrowhawk screeched and clawed the giant's eyes, blinding it completely. It then circled the sky once, before swooping down to scratch the giant's face.

"Stop complaining," Keith, who had summoned a giant vine to immobilize the giant, commented. "If you don't pay attention to the enemy in front of you, you might get your cheeks clapped hard."

Io, who had accompanied the two to subdue the giants, summoned several Earth Spears and hurled them at the giant's chest. She was someone that didn't like to talk too much, and was the steadiest among the Angorian War Sovereigns that were under Chronos' leadership.

After delivering the final blow that ended the Giant's life, Io looked in the distance where her companions were battling two more giant's together. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"Let's go," Keith said. "Big Sister said that none of the giants must survive."

Jed raised his hand and increased the size of the ethereal Sparrowhawk, so that the three of them could mount its back.

Half a minute later, the group of three flew in the air and sought out the Giant's that had run the furthest ahead.

They had no intention of letting any of the Giant's go because this was part of the mission that Ella had given to all of them.

—-

Avalon soared across the void and unleashed a barrage of magical attacks on the fleeing giants. Since they were only of the Millennial Rank, and no longer under the protection of Sirion's and Araznir's powerful artifacts, these giants were blasted to bits by the magical attacks that fell on their bodies like rain.

Chloee panted as she climbed out of Araznir's bloody head. Her whole body had been drenched with blood and brain fluids, but she didn't pay it too much attention.

Just as she was about to fully extract herself, a fireball descended upon her and turned her body into particles of light.

One of the Captains of the Giant Army had come to support Araznir, but it was already too late when he arrived. Even so, he still decided to end the life of the little girl who had killed his superior.

The Captain knew that they had already lost, and he had made it his mission to eliminate as many warriors on the enemy's side as possible.

However, before he could realize his goal, the Giant Slaying Draugr, who had finally managed to reattach its body parts, sliced the Giant's Head off from its body.

It was filled with anger and annoyance because the Giants had not only torn its body apart, they had also thrown it in different directions. This had made the Giant Slaying Draugr very angry, so it hacked and slashed at any Giant that was near its vicinity.

The Monstrous Skeleton Sovereign was of the same opinion as his comrade, and was currently on a killing spree amongst the weaker Millennial Giants that had started to run from the battlefield.

"You are only delaying the inevitable," Tremohr said as he knelt on the ground, while blocking the gaping hole on his chest with his hand. "You might have won today, but you cannot stop us. You and the Aesir Gods failed back then. Do you really think your pitiful resistance is enough to stop the mainforce from setting this world ablaze? Naive!"

Tremohr knew that his life was nearing its end, so it decided to use its remaining life force to ridicule James' and his pitiful effort at resistance.

James didn't affirm nor reject Tremohr's words because it held some truth in it. He was not as strong as he used to be in the past, and he was well aware of how powerful the Army of Destruction was.

Indeed, in the face of the Main Army, headed by the God of Destruction himself, their resistance was indeed pitiful. However, James wasn't pessimistic about their chances.

"Don't worry," James said as he stared at the dying Giant in front of him. "If, and when, your main army arrives, I will personally send your comrades to hell to accompany you."

"Delusional mortal. I will laugh at your pitiful death from hell."

"Laugh as much as you want, but I'm not going to hell."

James sneered at the Giant whose eyes were glaring at him with hate.

"I'm too awesome to share that filthy place with you, and your stinking companions," James said as he threw Gungnir at the Giant's forehead, finally ending the Demigods' life.

Sleipnir neighed as it nudged James using the side of its face.

"I know," James replied as he patted the horse's head. "We won't allow any of them to escape."

Sleipnir neighed as James mounted its back. The two then galloped across the void to hunt down the Giants that were running for their lives.

Malacai had also ended Sirion's life, and his undead army was currently clearing the battlefield alongside James' forces.

On top of Avalon's ramparts, Ella's long, light-blue, hair fluttered in the breeze.

'We bought ourselves a bit of time,' Ella thought as she hurled a giant icycle at a fleeing giant.

The Icycle pierced through the giant's back, instantly turning it into a giant block of ice.

Ella then snapped her fingers and the ice shattered into pieces.

The numbers of the Giants were dwindling by the minute. It was only a matter of time before all of them had been completely rooted out, but Ella was not taking any chances and was paying close attention to the surroundings.

The incident with the Giant's Beacon had taught them a very important lesson. They might win the battle, but they would definitely lose the war if the Beacon had been activated successfully.

Fortunately, Elliot had smashed it at the cost of his life, preventing the Giant's from calling for reinforcements from their main force.

James wasn't being idle either. Gungnir reaped the lives of every giant that the All Father had set his sights on.

With its supernatural precision, and James incredible strength, it was similar to a Railgun that pierced the giant's heads like a bullet going through a watermelon with ease.

Some of the giants died not knowing how they died. That was how deadly Gungnir was in the hands of James, whose strength had reached the peak of a Demigod.

When the last Giant died at Malacai's hand, James, along with the warriors of Asgard, went to Avalon to have a discussion with the Dracolich.

Ella, on the other hand, returned to the Kyrintor Mountains along with her wards. Her existence was a sensitive issue, and she didn't want others to find out who she was.

James was probably the only one who had an inkling of who she was, but even he was not a hundred percent certain about it.

In order to prevent the old coot from confirming his guess, Ella decided that it was better to leave as soon as possible.

She had already done her part to give William, and his herd, a bit more time to grow.

The Half-Elf's adoptive mother was confident that James would be able to handle things even if she wasn't around.

'I think it's about time I go to the Central Continent,' Ella mused.. 'I miss Will terribly.'