Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Two days passed since Princess Eowyn, Pearl, and Princess Aila joined William's Class in Hestia Academy.

The three girls had easily become good friends with their new classmates, especially the boys who were simping so hard for them.

As William was about to leave the classroom, he made sure to look at these boys in disdain, while the boys looked back at him in contempt.

The Half-Elf gave his classmates the "Please, I'm already married. I'm not like you single boys who are desperate for women" gaze, while the boys in his class gave him the "You're already married and you're still fighting us for the beautiful girls' affection? Go home and hug your wives and leave us singles alone dammit!" glare.

William could only shake his head at these desperate creatures, and left the class in order to handle important business.

Kenneth wanted to follow William, but he had also been given the duty of looking after Princess Eowyn during her stay in the academy. For the time being, the silver-haired Elf decided to accompany the Princess until she got used to the academy life.

William wouldn't be going anywhere anytime soon, so Kenneth decided to ensure that no incidents happened to the Elven Princess, who was studying in the Human lands for the first time in her life.

"Sir William!" a voice called out from behind the Half-Elf and the latter turned his head to look at who it was.

"Aila." William smiled when he saw the familiar figure running after him. The latter had told him to keep her identity a secret. Since this was the case, the red-headed teenager decided to call her by her first name. She was Owen's disciple, and the perverted old man had treated him well in Lont.

Even if the latter didn't send him the letter telling him to take care of Aila, the Half-Elf was more than happy to look after a comrade that had fought with him during the war in the Southern Continent.

"What's wrong? Did any of the boys in class bully you? Tell me their names, and I'll make sure to hang them upside down in front of the girl's dormitory without their clothes on."

Princess Aila's face reddened when she heard William's words. She immediately shook her head, to tell the Half-Elf that he was mistaken.

"Our classmates treat me very well," Princess Aila said. "It's just that, I still don't know much about the Academy. Can you give me a tour?"

Princess Aila had asked Owen's wife, Sarah, about how she could form a close relationship with William in the academy.

Sarah was also a very talented young lady, and even though she wasn't considered a genius, she was still one of the best in her class when she was still studying in the Zelan Royal Academy. Because of this, she was aware of how the noble ladies of the kingdom tried to bridge the gap between the boys whom they were attracted to.

Sarah had given Princess Aila several tips, and the princess decided to use one of them to break the ice between her and William.

"I'd love to give you a tour," William replied, "but, I have business to handle today. How about I refer you to someone trustworthy?"

William raised his hand and a magic circle formed in the air.

"Conan, I choose you!"

The Devil Familiar materialized and hastily looked around him. Clearly, he was in the lookout of a certain little fairy who was hell bent to perform physical examinations on him.

"Did Claire already leave the academy to do a mission?" Conan asked.

William shook his head. "Don't worry. She's with Professor Celeste right now. I am just about to meet with her in order to unlock the last stage of the Familiamancer Job Class." Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Conan hit the palm of his hand with his fist as if coming to a realization.

"Kekeke. It's about time," Conan commented. He looked very happy at the prospect of becoming more powerful. "Hurry up, Will. I want to be stronger. I don't want to get bullied by Claire anymore."

William sighed as he lightly flicked Conan's head. The latter immediately cried out in pain as he held his forehead.

"You're a man so you mustn't let yourself get bullied by girls," William stated.

Conan rubbed his forehead and stared at William with an expression suffering from injustice.

"That's easy for you to say," Conan replied. "If you're so confident about yourself, why don't you have another sparring match with Chloee?"

William lightly coughed as he averted his gaze.

Spar with Chloee? Why would I have a spar with that cheater?

Not happening!

The Half-Elf didn't even want to provoke his Sixth Master because he was truly afraid that the little violent girl would ask him to fight him for a round.

Chloee was someone who didn't understand moderation. William knew for certainty that he might die if his Sixth Master got carried away during their sparring match.

Seeing that William didn't have the guts to prove his strength, Conan snorted at him in contempt.

"Well, why did you summon me then?" Conan asked as he crossed his arms over his chest.

"It's about this…," William explained the situation, and Conan nodded his head in understanding.

Since he was born from William's soul, he also shared his memories. He knew who Aila was, and just like William, the Devil Familiar had a good impression of her.

"Okay, I'll give her a tour of the academy," Conan replied as he patted his chest with confidence. "You can count on me, but you have to keep Claire away from me, okay? I swear she's more violent than Chloee when it comes to me."

William agreed. "Okay."

The Half-Elf then turned to Aila and introduced Conan to her. The princess of the Zelan Dynasty looked at the little familiar with great curiosity.

"So cute," Aila said as her hand unconsciously reached out to hold Conan.

Conan didn't feel any threat coming from Aila, so he allowed himself to be grabbed by her. The Princess then happily patted Devil Familiar's head like some kind of a pet, which made William smirk.

"I will be going now. Conan, make sure that nothing bad happens to Aila, okay?" William looked at his Familiar with a serious expression on his face. "If any bastard tries to do something bad to her, I give you permission to beat them silly."

"Kekeke, this is only natural," Conan replied before looking at Aila with an expression of discomfort. "Um, Aila, can you not squeeze my body? I am not a toy, you know?"

"I'm sorry, Sir Conan," Aila replied as she looked at the little guy in her hands. "For some reason, holding you feels so nice."

"Really?"

"Yes. I don't know why, but holding you makes me feel at ease."

Conan tilted his head in confusion. 'Is this the reason why Claire likes to touch me all over?'

The Devil Familiar didn't know if he really did have this kind of effect on other people or not. William's interest was piqued by Aila's comment, but he really had things to do, so he left the two behind and headed towards Celeste's office located on the North Side of the Academy.

It was now time for his Familiamancer Job Class to upgrade to the Familiamancer Sovereign, which would allow him to unlock new features for his two Familiars, who would soon be able to step into the Millennial Rank.