"Sir William, about the assessment test, can I also join your team?" Princess Aila asked in a hopeful tone.

Although she already knew the names of her classmates by heart, she wasn't that close to them. Some of them had also invited the angelic looking princess after they had found out that she was a Life Magician.

Healers were highly sought out in any mission, or Dungeon Expedition, because their ability to support a party during dire situations was priceless.

"About this, my party members are already complete," William replied with an awkward expression on his face.

It was not because he had forgotten about Princess Aila. in fact, the thought of inviting her to his party crossed his mind. However, with the member restriction, he only had enough slots for Zhu, Sha, and his wives.

"... Is that so?" Princess Aila lowered her head. Although she had already expected that William would reject him, she still felt at a loss when the rejection finally came.

"Don't worry, I already thought of this issue," William said as he glanced at Conan who was sitting by the window, and looking at the clouds in the sky.

"Conan, come. I need a favor."

"Oh! You need the help of this amazing Conan. You made the right choice, Will."

The Devil Familiar happily flew towards William and landed on his shoulder. He had been feeling relaxed as of late because Claire was always busy and had no time to look for him.

With his newfound freedom, he would often accompany Princess Aila to explore more of the Academy after their classes ended in the afternoon. The princess and the little Devil shared similar traits. In a way, both of them were pure of heart, so it was very easy for the two of them to get along with each other.

"You see, Aila needs someone to accompany her on a mission," William said. "She needs someone strong and dependable to ensure her safety. With that said, I can't think of anyone more suited to the job than you. Will you accept this mission?"

"Kekeke. This is a piece of cake," Conan patted his chest. "Don't worry, Aila. As long as I'm around, no harm will come to you."

A very sweet smile appeared on Princess Aila's face as she looked at Conan. The smile was so dazzling that the boys in the class started to curse William and Conan in their hearts.

Damn, we couldn't even win against a Familiar?!

Why is life unfair?!

Everyone gave the little Devil a hateful glare, but the latter only tilted his head in confusion. Conan didn't know that he had become "Public Enemy Number Two", in the hearts of the boys of Class C.

"Kenneth, do you and Eowyn have any plans for the upcoming Assessment Test?" William inquired. "Aila is a healer. She will be an indispensable member in your team."

Kenneth nodded his head in understanding. "Prin– I mean, Lady Eowyn, we still have a few slots in our party. Can we add Aila to our team?"

Princess Eowyn glanced at William's direction and nodded her head. In fact, she had already invited Princess Aila a day ago, but the latter politely said that she would think about it first.

Now that the Half-Elf had rejected Princess Aila, the Elven Princess would definitely not allow a dedicated healer to slip out of her grasp.

"I would love to have Aila in our team," Princess Eowyn said with a smile. "Lilith, if you still haven't joined any parties. Feel free to join us as well."

The Amazon Princess had been lowkey as of late. She would often wander around the Academy as if looking for someone or something.

William even jokingly teased her one time that Lilith might be looking for precious items in the Academy to steal.

Lilith's reply was just a mischievous smile, but that smile was enough to tell William that his guess was spot on!

The Amazon Princess was indeed strolling around the Academy in search of priceless treasures to grab, without anyone noticing.

"Sounds like a plan," Lilith replied. "I'm in."

"Great!" Princess Eowyn clapped her hands together.

Kenneth, Pearl, and Lilith were strong fighters. Princess Eowyn knew support and offensive magic, so her role was quite flexible.

Princess Aila on the other hand was a pure healer, and Conan was a defensive player. With such a balanced party, they could easily clear any dungeon that had less than sixty floors without any problems.

—--

Somewhere in the Central Continent… Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

The Supreme Pontifex of The Organization, Deus, held a scroll in her hand.

This scroll held the complete prophecy of the Prince of Darkness. It had been written personally by the Patriarch of the Rayleigh Family after he had received the vision.

With the help of the now deceased Alessio, who was once the Branch Leader of Deus in the Silvermoon Continent, the original copy of the Prophecy landed in the Supreme Pontifex's hands.

Just like the Elves, she had also sent several of her subordinates to monitor potential candidates that had the possibility of becoming the prophesied Prince.

She also shared the same opinion as the Elders of the Elves about William being the most likely candidate.

"Born from the union of the Saintess of the World Tree and the Dungeon Conqueror," the Supreme Pontifex said as she caressed the scroll in her hand. "Personally taken as a disciple by Celine, and taught Dark Magic at an early age. Now, he resides inside Hestia Academy and has a close relationship with Celeste.

"Anyone would think that he is indeed the Princes in the Prophecy, but is he truly the chosen one? The Prince that will trample on the Silvermoon Continent, and bring an end to the rule of the Light?"

The Supreme Pontifex sat on her black throne, and took out an Obsidian Crystal Ball from her storage ring.

The images of the candidates appeared one by one within its depths.

Three of them were from the Demonic Continent.

Another one was the youngest prodigy of an Ancient Elven Clan that had been exiled from the Silvermoon Continent.

There was also a Prince that hailed from the Gunnar Federation.

More images of young men in their late teens appeared. The majority of them came from influential families, while others were mere commoners, who had some fortuitous encounters early in their life.

All of them had the possibility of being the Dark Prince.

Soon, William's face appeared on the Obsidian Crystal Ball as well.

"I've waited over a hundred years already," the Supreme Pontifex said as she gazed at the crystal ball in her hand. "Waiting a year or two more is not a problem."

The Supreme Pontifex giggled as she thought about the future that she had been waiting for for many years.

"For hundreds of years, we have been cursed never to walk on the surface during the day," the Supreme Pontifex said in a tone filled with hate. "But, that too, will soon come to pass…"

The Supreme Pontifex sighed as she caressed her Obsidian Crystal Ball as if it was the face of her lover.

"That's why, our Beloved Prince, please, wake up soon.. Your faithful, and loyal subjects are dying to feed you with a silver spoon."