Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 757 - Conan’s Gamble [Part 2]

"What did you say? A Myriad Beast appeared in Willowdale?!" The Headmaster of Hestia Academy, Byron, couldn't believe the report he had received from Professor Garen and Professor Megan.

The two were talking to him using communication crystals that exclusively belonged to the Professors of the academy.

"Tell me everything that you know,' Byron ordered. "Make sure not to miss anything!"

He almost had a heart attack after hearing the Professors' emergency communication in the middle of the night.

A Myriad Beast appearing in one of their students' missions was a disastrous thing. Byron immediately became worried because several high-profiled students had been involved in the incident.

Fortunately, William had arrived and prevented the incident from escalating. After hearing this piece of good news, Byron felt that the great pressure on his shoulders had suddenly disappeared. He was finally able to breathe a sigh of relief after knowing that the members of the Academy hadn't suffered any casualties during their expedition.

'Fine. I will no longer trouble you with what you did on Antilia Island," Byron thought as he listened to the rest of the two Professors' report.

After a few minutes, Byron ordered them to all remain in the town while he sent the Academy's Special Forces to check the current situation. These elites would also serve as the students' escort when they returned to the academy. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

—--

The next day…

"Sir William, please," Princess Aila looked at William with a pleading gaze.

The Half-Elf nodded his head as he summoned Conan.

A magic circle appeared in the air and the Little Devil appeared in front of them.

A smile appeared on Princess Aila's face, but it didn't last long because she noticed that something was wrong.

As soon as Conan was summoned, the familiar fell down from the Magic Circle.

William had already prepared himself for something like this to happen, so he was able to catch Conan before he fell on the floor.

"Conan?" William asked as he took a closer look at the Devil Familiar, who had his eyes closed.

Conan's eyes fluttered before slowly opening.

"Oh… good morning, Will, and Aila," Conan said weakly. His face was very pale, and it was obvious that it took him great effort to speak. "Um, I'm still a bit tired from yesterday. Can I sleep a little more?"

William frowned as he used a diagnostic spell on Conan who was resting on the palms of his hands. The Devil Familiar could barely keep his eyes open and soon lost consciousness.

It was not only William who was checking Conan's current condition. Princess Aila's eyes glowed in a purplish hue as she examined her friend's condition.

< Will, Conan's parameters are dangerously low. His life hangs in the balance, so I highly recommend that you give him a powerful Rejuvenation Potion. After that, sprinkle a bottle of lesser restoration on his body to help stabilize his condition. >

'Get me the best Rejuvenation Potion from the God Shop,' William ordered. His heart shuddered when he saw Conan's current condition. Conan's life force was like the flame of a candle, swaying in the wind. A flame that could disappear at any time.

This realization had made him very anxious, so he hurriedly asked Optimus to give him the best rejuvenation that was available.

Princess Aila also noticed how dire Conan's condition was. If not for William giving her a stern glare, she might have already grabbed Conan from his hand and used her Life Magic to forcefully help him recover.

"Calm down," William said with a serious expression on his face. He tried to keep his voice from shaking because he knew that the Princess in front of her was starting to panic, just like him.

At that moment, a small bottle of Rejuvenation Potion materialized in front of Princess Aila.

"Let him drink it," William ordered. "Do it slowly."

Princess Aila nodded and gently poured the contents of the small bottle on Conan's lips. She did it in intervals, so that Conan would not choke. Finally, after a few minutes, the bottle had been emptied.

Next, a vial of Lesser Restoration materialized over Conan's body. Princess Aila grabbed it and gently poured its contents over Conan's body.

The Familiar's body glowed faintly as the two potions did their work. However, William was still not feeling secured so he switched his Job Class to Life Mage and used Healing Wind to help speed up Conan's recovery.

Princess Aila also did the same as she cast a healing spell on Conan. The two of them did this several times until the paleness in Conan's expression disappeared.

They spent half an hour trying to stabilize Conan's condition. Only when Optimus could inform William that Conan's life was no longer in danger did William stop Aila from continuing to use healing magic on the unconscious Little Devil in his hand.

"He's no longer in danger," William said with a sigh of relief. "Can you look after him for a while, Aila? I still have things to do."

Princess Aila nodded her head as William used a gentle breeze to lift Conan's body and place him in the princess' palms.

According to Optimus, Conan would recover faster if he stayed with Princess Aila. Her body was rich in life energy, and it would greatly speed up the Familiar's recovery.

Just as Wiliam was about to leave the room, a knock was heard on the door.

He then exchanged a glance with Princess Aila before opening it.

"Professor Garen told me to inform you that we will be returning to the academy in an hour," Kenneth said. "If you are finished with your preparations, please go to the flying carriage parked outside the Mayor's Residence."

"Okay," William nodded before turning around to look at Princess Aila. "Can you look after him for me? Conan only needs a few days of rest. After that, he should be fully recovered."

Princess Aila nodded. "You can count on me, Sir William. I'll make sure that no harm comes to Conan."

"Good. I still need to finish my mission so I'll be taking my leave," William stated before leaving the room. "Kenneth, tell the Professors that I'll be going to finish my own mission. I will not be returning with you guys to the academy."

"Okay." Kenneth gave Wiliam a brief nod before stepping aside to let him pass.

William walked into the hallway with a serious expression on his face. After making a right turn, he vanished, leaving no traces of his departure.

—--

A few seconds later, William reappeared inside a room holding Soleil in his right hand.

"How is he?" a voice filled with concern asked William from his left side.

"His life is no longer in danger," William replied as he turned to look at Elliot who was hovering beside him. "Aila is currently taking care of him. He will recover faster by her side."

The Angelic Familiar patted his chest as he breathed a sigh of relief. He was really worried about his twin, and he had been awake throughout the night, trying to discern his condition.

However, Elliot's clairvoyance was an ability that he couldn't control. It could let him see glimpses of the future at random times, but he couldn't use it to target specific persons.

William gently patted Elliot's shoulder with his finger as he faced his wives who were looking at him with concern.

"Let's go," William said softly. "Let's clear this dungeon."

In order to strengthen his Familiars and get to that next stage, William would need to acquire the Dungeon Core Essence needed to upgrade his Familiamancer Job Class and further strengthen his Familiars.

William hoped that once he had reached the highest level limit of his Prestige Class, his Familiars would not have the need to gamble with their lives ever again.