Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 758 - Are You Ready For Round Two?

Dungeon of the Horde, this was a Dungeon that was on the outskirts of the Empire that was ruled by the Amazons, Ares Empire.

This was why William had kept his destination a secret from a certain Amazon Princess.

He knew that once Lilith became aware of his Dungeon expedition, she would immediately inform her mother to send some people to try and capture William as he dove into the dungeon.

William wasn't afraid of a bunch of Amazon Warriors who were planning to kidnap him. However, in order to prevent variables from getting in his way, he decided to keep his destination a secret.

The Dungeon of the Horde was the stronghold of the Orcs.

They were a savage, humanoid race that possessed strength that far surpassed ordinary Humans.

This race in particular liked battles. They specialized in group warfare, and their brutish attacks against all the other races had earned them the moniker Warmongers.

Because of this, no one dared to build any towns, cities, or any kinds of settlement within a ten-mile radius of their territory.

However, these same Savage Orcs were now running for their lives, as a horde of monsters invaded their domain.

"Don't run! We are your friends!" B1 shouted as the lollipops in its claws shot multiple magic missles at the retreating orcs.

Although one magic missile was not enough to kill them, it was strong enough to blast them away, and give them serious injuries.

"B1 sure is enjoying himself," Chiffon said as she jogged while holding bacon in her hands.

"Right," Ian agreed as she jogged beside William. "B1 seems to be venting out his frustration on the Orcs. I wonder why?"

Ian then glanced at William who was running beside them, while carrying Princess Sidonie in his arms.

The Princess wasn't a warrior, so her stamina when it came to running wasn't the best. Because of this, William decided to carry her as they did a speedrun inside the dungeon. Their goal was not to kill every monster they saw, but to get to the 70th Floor as soon as possible.

With Elliot, Zhu, Sha, B1, and B2, leading the charge to scare the monsters, their progress had increased significantly.

Right now, they were on the 30th Floor of the Dungeon.

The adventurers, mercenaries, and even students of Hestia Academy who had seen William's group were dumbfounded by the strategy that they were using.

William and the rest would only fight when they arrived at Boss Floors. On regular floors they would just fight when a battle was unavoidable, but due to their current strength, the battles ended right away.

Compared to the Dungeon of Atlantis, the Dungeon of the Horde was nothing.

It didn't take long before their group arrived at the 50th Floor.

William only stood off to the side as his party faced the Orc Chieftain and its minions.

The Orc Chieftain was a Millennial Ranked Beast, and it was guarded by four Centennial Ranked Orc Warriors.

In the past, William would certainly choose to run away from such powerful monsters. Now, he could easily defeat them with the current power he possessed.

Right now, he wanted his wives to get used to fighting against strong monsters, in preparation for the future. Chiffon and Ian had already experienced fighting against strong enemies, but Princess Sidonie was not as proficient as them in battle.

Because of this, William decided to let her fight alongside the others, so that she wouldn't overly rely on Morgana, when her life was in danger.

The beautiful Succubus floated in the air as she hurled purple fireballs at the Orc Warriors. Although her attacks were a bit clumsy, she was slowly getting used to fighting while using her Succubus powers.

"Are you sure that they don't need any help?," Zhu inquired as he rubbed his chin. "Chiffon and Ian are able to fight the Orc Warriors, but Sidonie is having a hard time controlling her powers."

"No need," William replied. "She will get the hang of it in time."

Sha, who had his arms crossed over his chest, nodded his head. "Great things start from small beginnings. Even so, this brings me back when we were still in the Celestial Army. Usually, when monsters would wreak havoc on mankind, the Jade Emperor would send us on expeditions to clear them out.

"The majority of the Beasts we encountered were led by Centennial and Millennial Ranked Creatures. They were quite troublesome since they numbered in the thousands."

While the three were discussing the Expeditions of the Celestial Army, Chiffon and Ian had just defeated their opponents. Princess Sidonie, on the other hand, was still fighting against the Orc Warrior assigned to her.

"You can do it, Sidonie!" Chiffon cheered.

"Beat that Orc Warrior!" Ian supported her friend as well.

Princess Sidonie redoubled her efforts as she channeled her energy and fired a barrage of fireballs at the Orc, giving it no chance to evade.

Half a minute later, the charred body of the Orc Warrior finally fell.

Princess Sidonie landed on the ground and panted. She had long been used to giving orders to others, so her physical prowess was not her strong point. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

The only time her physical prowess shone through was during her night battles with William!

"Good Job to the three of you," William said as he approached his wives. "Do you girls still have the strength to fight against that Millennial Beast over there?"

William pointed at the Orc Chieftain who was roaring in anger at the annoying creatures that were toying around with it.

"Yes!" Chiffon said as she unequipped her Devourer's Gauntlets. This time a brilliant flash of light appeared and the "Smasher of Thousands" appeared in her hands.

"Let's go, Sharur!" Chiffon stated as she ran towards the Orc Chieftain.

"Leave it to me," Sharur replied. "I'll smash that Orc to oblivion."

Ian summoned her sword whip and ran after Chiffon. She also wanted to challenge the Orc Chieftain and see how she fared against Millennial Beasts."

William chuckled as he patted Princess Sidonie's shoulder. "How about you? Are you ready for Round Two?"

Princess Sidonie rolled her eyes before flapping her batlike wings to join the fray.

She had heard about what happened to Princess Eowyn, Lilith, Princess Aila, Kenneth, and Pearl. If possible, she didn't want to become a helpless damsel in distress and be saved every time she was in danger.

Just like the others, the Princess of Freesia also wanted to fight alongside William. Because of this, she decided to participate in the Dungeon Expedition in order to get used to fighting against strong monsters.

Although she didn't mind always being saved by William, she didn't want to become a burden to him, especially when it came to critical moments.

A few minutes later, the dying shriek of the Orc Chieftain resounded inside the Boss Room. After getting the treasure chests, and beast cores, the group once again continued their descent to the lower floors of the dungeon.

Their target was the 70th Floor, and according to William's estimates, it would still take them a day before they fully conquered the Dungeon that held great importance to the Familiamancer's Job Advancement.