Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 759 - You Call THAT A Perfect Being?

Muspelheim was the land of the Fire Demons, Giants, and other sinister monsters, whose fiery temperament had led to the destruction of many worlds in the multiverse.

They were the World Destroyers that were led by one of the Gods of Destruction, Surtr. Currently this frightening being was bathing in lava, inside the giant volcano that was located in the center of the planet.

"Your Excellency, the battle that is being waged on the World of Fuma, is about to come to an end," A Fire Demon who was four meters tall said in a respectful tone. "Our warriors are victorious and have successfully destroyed the World Core. The planet has started to collapse on itself, and it is only a matter of time before all life inside it will be given eternal rest."

"Good," Surtr replied. "Any news about the expedition teams that we dispatched to the other worlds?"

"To answer Excellency's question, All three thousand exploration groups have long departed Muspelheim and Jotunheim. The majority of them have already arrived at the worlds that were assigned to them and are currently battling against the denizens of those worlds."

The Fire Demon lowered its head. "Some of them had activated their Destroyer Beacons to ask for assistance." L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

"How many?"

"Around three hundred and thirty, Your Excellency."

Surtr stood up from the lava and walked out of the crater of the Volcano. He then grabbed his helmet, and donned his armor. Raising his hand, a giant flaming sword appeared, immolating Surtr's body in a cloak of flames.

"Tell my Destroyer Legion to prepare for an invasion," Surtr ordered.

The Fire Demon bowed his head before leaving the scene.

Surtr took giant strides as he headed towards the direction of the Void Gate. As the God of Destruction, his sole purpose was to destroy worlds.

"I just hope that these resisting worlds will entertain me," Surtr muttered as he looked at the Giant Gate that would lead him to the worlds that were resisting their invasion.

Soon, the sounds of battlehorns reached his ears.

Surtr allowed a chuckle to escape his lips as he turned around to see his mighty army.

Billions of Giants, Fire Demons, Trolls, and other Monsters roared in unison. With just a glance, Surtr could see the excitement on their faces.

"To war!" Surtr roared.

""To War!""

With a domineering laugh filled with confidence, the God of Destruction stepped into the Void Gate. Not long after, the Army of World Destroyers followed suit.

Within the Temple of the Ten Thousand Gods, the Jade Emperor shook his head.

"Another world is about to be destroyed," the Jade Emperor said as he sighed in his heart. "I pity those who will come face to face with this army. With Surtr personally leading them, all hope is lost. What do you think?"

The Emperor of the Celestial Realm glanced at the Monkey King who was busy picking his nose.

"I think they should take a vacation," Sun Wukong said after flicking the filth in his hand away, which landed on the Jade Emperor's Wine Cup.

The corner of the Jade Emperor's lips twitched when he saw what had transpired. He then raised his hand and ordered his steward to replace the cup that had been soiled by the Monkey King's lack of manners.

"Okay, let's set aside those World Destroyers for the time being," the Jade Emperor stated. "Tell me. What is your excuse for taking Zhu and Sha to that boy's world?"

"Excuse? What are you talking about?"

"Are you playing dumb with me? I am asking you why you agreed to help Zhu and Sha? You already know that I planned to let them reincarnate in a better world, and not a world that is about to be destroyed!"

The Jade Emperor slammed his fist on the armrest of his throne. Thunder rumbled in the heavens, and lightning flashed in the sky. Clearly, he was very displeased by Sun Wukong's meddlesome actions, which had ruined his plan for his two loyal subordinates.

Sun Wukong was unfazed by the Jade Emperor's actions. He didn't fear anyone, even if that person was one of the Strongest Gods in existence.

"Have you heard of that famous saying 'Man proposes, God disposes?'" Sun Wukong asked back in a teasing tone. "This saying means that Mortals can make any plans they want, but it's God that decides their success or failure."

The Monkey King lazily laid on his back as he took out one of the peaches that were in his pocket. He then rubbed it on his robe before blowing at it.

"If Mortals knew that the Gods whom they prayed to were not omnipotent, I wonder what they would think?" Sun Wukong eyed the Jade Emperor before taking a bite at the peach in his hand.

"We. Are. Omnipotent."

"Yeah? Then if you are omnipotent, why can't you prevent me from smuggling two demons to a world that is about to be destroyed? Doesn't this contradict your statement?"

The Jade Emperor snorted. "You took advantage of the fact that I was handling important business when you smuggled the two of them to that world."

"Which proved my case. You are not omnipotent."

"Sophism!"

The Monkey King chuckled as he took another bite on the peach in his hand.

"Sophism? I call this incompetence. Do you really think of Gods as perfect beings?"

"Yes."

The Monkey King Snorted and pointed at the God of Lolicons who was currently running away from the FBI God.

"You call THAT a Perfect Being?" Sun Wukong sneered.

The Jade Emperor lightly cleared his throat. "New Generation Gods are not included in this discussion. They're a bunch of…"

"A bunch of?"

"A bunch of, you know!"

"I don't." Sun Wukong shook his head. He then stood up and started to walk away from the Jade Palace. "I guess it is about time for you to re-evaluate yourself, and make your stance on this matter. Don't think you can fool anyone with what you are trying to do in the background."

Sun Wukong somersaulted in the air and disappeared. However, the mocking words that followed echoed across the sky, reaching the Jade Emperor who was seated on his heavenly throne.

"Most of the things worth doing in the world have been declared IMPOSSIBLE, before they were done. People who say it cannot be done should just roll over to the side, and not interrupt those who are doing it."

The Jade Emperor shook his head as if to ignore the Monkey King's words.

"Stupid monkey," the Jade Emperor muttered.. There was a hint of sadness on his face as he gazed in the world that was about to meet its end. "Who said that I didn't try?"