Chapter 760 - I See. So, You Are Just His Friend.

Several days passed, and the students of Hestia Academy were busy doing quest after quest, in order to raise their evaluation before the Assessment Test was over.

Of course, there were a few exceptions to this rule.

Princess Eowyn, Princess Aila, Lilith, Kenneth, and Pearl, were put under house arrest. The Headmaster had told them that there was no need for them to do any missions because the Myriad Beast incident was already enough for all of them to pass the evaluation.

Although Princess Eowyn didn't mind accepting the Headmaster's decision, Lilith argued that she didn't do anything of merit when the Myriad Beast exposed itself.

In fact, the Amazon Princess insisted that they were saved by William, so their mission didn't count. However, her attitude did a 180 degree turn when the Headmaster gave her a hundred thousand Merit Points as compensation.

She even praised the Headmaster for being wise before going to the Academy's Exchange Department to cash out her merit points and purchase some of the Unique Equipment and artifacts that were stored in the Academy's treasury.

Inside the Girl's Dormitory…

Claire was looking at Conan who was sleeping on a cushy pillow inside Princess Aila's room.

The Little Devil had been sleeping for several days already, but Claire knew that his life wasn't in danger. Princess Aila had made sure to inject his body with Life Magic on a regular basis, to hasten his recovery.

When Claire heard the news about Conan's incident, she immediately went to see the Devil Familiar to confirm for herself if the news were true or not.

As a Progenitor Familiar, Claire was able to detect the abnormalities that had happened in Conan's body. She had seen this before once, when Chloee stupidly went past her 70% limit, during her fight against the strongest Demigod of Hestia, Tarasque.

As Claire watched over the sleeping Conan, the door of the room opened and Princess Aila appeared, carrying a small bottle in her hand. It was a rejuvenation potion that she had exchanged some of the Merit Points she had received from their mission for.

"His condition is already stable," Claire said. "You don't have to use that rejuvenation potion on him. Even if you did, he would still remain unconscious for a few more days."

Princess Aila frowned, but she still opened the cork of the rejuvenation potion, and gently placed it over Conan's lips.

Claire sighed, but she didn't keep the angelic looking lady from taking action on her desire to help Conan recover faster.

Only when the bottle was emptied did Claire move towards Conan, and placed her hand over his chest. She was checking to see if there were any changes. Princess Aila did the same, and for a few minutes, silence descended inside the room. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Suddenly, Claire looked up at Princess Aila. Their gazes met and the corner of Claire's lips curled up into a smile.

"What is your relationship with him?" Claire asked.

"Conan is my Best Friend," Princess Aila replied. "How about you? What is your relationship with him?"

"I am his…," Claire pondered for a brief moment before finishing her sentence. "I am his Good Friend."

The two ladies eyed each other before coming to an understanding.

"I see. So, you are just his Friend."

"Right. A Friend. Just like you."

Suddenly, a soft sigh escaped Conan's lips. One of the fingers in his hand twitched, and this movement caught Princess Aila and Claire's attention.

The Little Devil's eyes started to flutter, but it soon returned to its normal state. Soon, the breathing of a deep sleeper reached the two ladies' ears. A trace of disappointment appeared on their faces because they thought that Conan was about to wake up.

Sadly, the Familiar was still in deep sleep, and seemed to be dreaming about something. This was the conclusion the two ladies had because Conan would mutter things from time to time, but his words were either too low, or too jumbled to be understood.

They had already done what they could.

Now, the only thing that they had to do was wait.

—--

High above the Kyrintor Mountains…

"Your Excellency, are you leaving already?" Takam asked.

Ella nodded her head. "Yes. The threat has been dealt with, and our world is safe for the time being. I plan to go to the Central Continent to reunite with William."

"Then, is there something else that I can do for you?"

"No, but, please, prepare for what is to come in the future. We need all the help we can get."

Takam nodded his head in understanding. "Understood. I will do my best."

Ella smiled and walked down the Kyrintor Mountains along with the members of the Angorian War Sovereign.

Although she said that she planned to go to the Central Continent to see William, she still needed to meet up with a few people before going on her journey to reunite with William.

Her first stop would be to visit Lont. After that, she would go and see Wendy and Est.

She had long recognized them as William's lovers, so she thought that it was necessary to tell them a few things about what would happen in the future.

'I haven't been keeping track of how many lovers William has at the moment,' Ella thought. 'So, there is Wendy, Est, Ashe, and that Princess from Freesia. That makes it four out of nine. It has been several months since I've seen him. Is it possible that the number of his wife candidates has increased?'

A rare pouting expression appeared on Ella's face as she thought of the red-headed teenager who was far away from her reach.

'Well, I'll find out soon enough,' Ella thought as she led the way down the Kyrintor Mountains. The pout on her face disappeared and was replaced by a mischievous smile.

'I wonder how he will react when he sees me?' Ella mused. 'Maybe it's still too early. I guess I'll stay in my former form when I meet him. It will not be too late to let him see my true form after I assess the situation.'

The goats following behind her were also thinking of the same thing. They had been with William since they were born, and they were also excited to show him their evolved forms.

Takam watched them go from on top of his castle and sighed internally.

'Uncertainty is the most stressful thing,' Takam thought. 'Still, the only thing that is certain is that nothing is certain. Perhaps a miracle will happen.'

The Demigod of the Kyrintor Mountains shook his head as he returned inside his castle.. He knew that thinking of the future was useless, for it would come soon enough.