Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 761 - The Thorns Of The Crimson Rose [Part 1]

63rd floor Dungeon of the Horde…

"Everyone rest for a while," a tall lady with tanned skin said with a smile. "We will resume our dungeon exploration in three hours and head to the 64th Floor."

The tall lady's name was Millis. She was the leader of the adventurer party known as Crimson Rose. She was one of the best warriors of the Ares Empire that was ruled by the Amazons.

Since the Dungeon of the Horde was within their borders, several hunting parties from the Ares Empire would frequently visit this dungeon, to collect materials, treasure chests, and beast cores.

"Leader, how far will we go this time?" an Amazon with short hair, that made her look like a pretty boy, asked.

Millis pondered for a bit before giving her answer. They had been challenging this particular dungeon for the past few months and this was the farthest floor that they had stepped on. Usually, their base of operation was only around the 59th Floor, but due to her group's improvement they had decided to challenge the boss on the 60th Floor.

The battle on their current floor had been intense, but due to their amazing teamwork, they had been able to beat the three Millennial Bosses, and their Six Centennial minions.

Millis was a Black Ranked Warrior. Her strength was just a rank away from becoming a Saint. This was why Empress Andraste held her in high regard.

"We will just check to see how strong the monsters on the 64th Floor are," Millis replied. "If we can't handle them, we will end our expedition and return to the Empire."

"Finally! I'm sick and tired of looking at these orcs."

"I know, right? Aren't there any beautiful ladies around?"

"It's quite unfortunate that we only see our fellow Amazons among these parts. I really want to hug a delicate looking beauty and shower her with kisses."

"I miss Lilith. Last time, she promised that she would give me a kiss if we could clear the 60th Floor. Hahaha! Now that we've done it, I can cash in on our promise!"

"What? No fair! I should have also asked her!"

Millis shook her head helplessly. She also wanted to end their expedition and visit the nearby city in order to play around with the beauties that were waiting for her return. She, too, was tired of looking at orcs all day long.

Among the high-ranking adventurer parties, the Crimson Rose was well-known for their strength and their desire for beautiful women.

This unique taste of theirs gave Empress Andrate a headache, because instead of looking for strong men, the Crimson Rose would rather seduce women and tumble in the sheets with them. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

"Leader, I can sense some people coming," an Amazon with long brown hair reported as she reached for her weapon. She was the scout of their party and her senses were the most sensitive among the group.

"How many are they?" Millis asked as she held her two swords, one in each hand.

"I can hear five pairs of footsteps," the scout reported. She had pressed her ear on the ground, in order to know how many enemies they were dealing with.

"Get ready for battle," Millis ordered. "Anyone who is able to reach this far are no amateurs."

The members of the Crimson Rose nodded their heads in agreement. All of them held their weapons firmly in their hands, ready to attack at Millis' command.

Her party was composed of seven people, and all of them were seasoned fighters. Getting attacked inside the dungeon by people was very common. Crimson Rose had done the same things several times. This was a world where the strong preyed on the weak, and this was a law that all Amazons adhered to.

If their opponent was strong, they would just run. If their opponents were weak then they would see whether their party could take advantage of the people who had arrived on the same floor as them.

It didn't take long before they saw the people that their scout had sensed earlier. Although there was still some distance between them, they were able to appraise their opponents from afar.

"Three men, and two ladies," the short haired tomboy's eyes widened in surprise. Soon, a smile appeared on her lips as her gaze landed on Princess Sidonie's seductive face and body.

"Leader, I guess today is our lucky day," the long-haired scout smiled as she took out arrows whose tips were dipped with a strong poison that was meant to paralyze her victims.

Millis took a deep breath when she saw Princess Sidonie.

She had seen many beautiful women before, but the young lady in front of her had far surpassed those that she had seen so far.

'She's even more beautiful than Lilith,' Millis thought. She couldn't take her eyes off the girl that had long, reddish-brown hair, and eyes that fanned the desires that were starting to surface in her chest.

"Leader, look at the little girl beside her," one of her members said. "She's so adorable! Can I take her home?"

Due to her subordinate's words, Millis forcefully tore her gaze away from the seductive beauty and focused her attention on the pink-haired girl who was radiating an innocence that made her heart melt.

For her, both ladies had unique temperaments which highlighted their charms. One was a seductive beauty that could bring the downfall of a nation, the other a small fairy whom they couldn't help but want to hug and protect.

Both girls were irresistible, and Millis and her group had already made up their minds to take them back to the Ares Empire with them.

William's group stopped their advance and looked at the pretty girls with tanned skin, who were all looking at Princess Sidonie and Chiffon. The desire in their eyes was pretty evident, which made William raise an eyebrow.

"Sidonie, did you use your charm on them?" William inquired.

Princess Sidonie shook her head. "No. You know that I stopped doing that long ago. The only one I want to charm is you. Still, these girls are not normal. The stares that they're giving me are the same as those lustful men who want to eat me up."

"Will, why are they looking at me like that?" Chiffon asked. She was someone that had suffered many hardships in the past, so she was quite sensitive to people staring at her.

"Maybe they want to eat you up as well just like Sidonie," William chuckled as he patted Chiffon's head. "Don't worry. I'll handle them.

William stepped forward and blocked the gazes of the Amazons who were staring at his wives.

"Friends, we are just passing by," William said with a smile. "Can you please, step aside and let us pass?"

Millis frowned as she gazed at the red-headed teenager who seemed to be the leader of this group of people. She appraised him from head to foot before giving her answer.

"You want to pass? Sure. But, leave the two ladies behind," Millis said. "Don't worry. As long as you do that, I promise that my sisters and I will not cause any trouble for you. We're very good at dealing with ladies. They will be treated with great love and care. Aren't I right, sisters?"

The Amazons giggled as they nodded their heads. Although they didn't mind taking the initiative to fight against William's group and take the ladies by force, they still decided to talk things out in a civil manner.

"Some people just don't know when to back down unless they get beaten to a pulp," William replied as he shook his head. "Can't we all just mind our own businesses and get along? Why must we make things difficult for each other? I really don't have time to deal with third-rate villains."

Millis chuckled as she unleashed her aura. "Third-rate villains? Good. I'll show you what these third rate villains could do. Sisters, let's go!"

Zhu, who was standing behind the group, walked past William. Since he was standing behind Sha, none of the girls had been able to see him.

Among all of them, his temper was the shortest, so when the Amazons refused to talk like civilized people, he decided to take care of them himself.

Summoning his nine-toothed rake, Zhu stood in front of William's party like an immovable mountain, ready to smash the Amazons who were planning to make trouble for them.

However, the moment he appeared, the Amazon Party stopped in their tracks and looked at Zhu with shock.

"L-Leader!"

"C-Calm down. Don't do anything stupid!"

Millis raised his hand to stop her party's advance. All of their eyes were locked on Zhu's chubby body, which made their hearts skip a beat.

"S-Sir, may I know your esteemed name?" Millis asked as she tried to calm her wildly beating heart.

She had never felt this way before, but the moment she laid her eyes on Zhu, she felt that the world had suddenly become more colorful.