Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 762 - The Thorns Of The Crimson Rose [Part 2]

Zhu looked at the Amazons in front of him with contempt.

"You want to know this Sir's name? Fine. I will tell you," Zhu rested the nine-toothed rake on his shoulder before raising his chin in arrogance. "I am Zhu. Remember it and remember it well."

"Zhu? His name is so manly!"

"Hah… such a well rounded belly. It makes me want to rest my head on it while I sleep."

"Those meaty arms… how good it must feel to be embraced by them?"

"Those chubby legs… his thighs must be thicc. I like!"

"Sisters, remember the tradition. We're going to draw lots who gets to do it with him first. Same old rule, okay?"

""Okay!""

William looked at the crazy girls whose pupils had turned to hearts while looking at Zhu.

Dafuk? Are these girls monkeys in heat?

Sensing that something was amiss, William stepped forward and stood between Zhu and the Amazons, blocking their views.

This immediately put a scowl on the Amazons' faces and all of them glared at William.

"Ladies, we're in a bit of a hurry, so can you all step aside and let us pass?" William asked.

Millis looked at William in contempt as she pointed straight at his face. "Shut up ugly. We're not interested in you. If you want to go then go."

"That's right! No one is asking you to stay. If you want to go then scram!"

"Still here? We already said that you can go. What is this? You want us to notice you so badly? Sorry, we have high standards. A snot-nosed Half-Elf like you can just roll over to the side!" L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

A series of curses followed suit which made B1, who was perched on Chiffon's shoulder, look at the girls with appreciation. If the dumb bird had fingers, it would had already given the Amazons a thumbs up.

"U-Ugly? Me? You're calling me ugly?" William couldn't believe that someone dared to call him ugly. He looked at the crazy Amazons and wondered if they had some eye problems.

Millis spat on the ground. "What? Not convinced? What's so good about you? Just look at your hair? Do you think having red hair makes you look good? Compared to that red bird over there, you are nothing!"

William glanced at B1, and the dumb bird glanced back at him. The Half-Elf was surprised to see the disdainful gaze that B1 was giving him.

B1 then shifted his attention to the girls and began to nag at them. He felt insulted to be compared to William.

"Excuse me? Don't lump me up with him. Only his head is red, while I'm red all over!" B1 said with contempt.

"Sorry Mr. Bird. I was in the wrong. I apologize for comparing him to someone as magnificent as you."

"As long as you understand then I forgive you. Just make sure not to do it again in the future."

Millis then stared back at William with a haughty expression on your face.

"Compared to Sir Zhu, you're too skinny. Do you think that girls will like someone like you?" Millis chuckled. She then moved her gaze to William's lower half to appraise it.

The other Amazons did the same. Although they liked beautiful women, that didn't mean that they didn't have any standards when it came to men. They knew that someday they would have to birth strong warriors to continue the bloodline of the Amazon Race.

Because of this, their standards when it came to men were more unique, compared to their other sisters.

Half a minute later, all the Amazons chuckled. Some of them covered their lips and giggled, while Millis roared in laughter. They would look at William's lower half from time to time only to laugh again.

"What's that? A little snake? Can he even satisfy the ladies with that?"

"Sister, the snakes will be insulted if you compare them to that thing. At most, it's just a worm."

"That's not just an ordinary worm. It's a little worm. Seriously, no woman will appreciate that kind of thing!"

"Ewww! No thanks!"

Millis stopped laughing and looked at William with a pitiful gaze.

"It's quite unfortunate that you were born with such a little thing," Millis commented before shifting her attention to Zhu's lower half. The Amazons did the same and all of their eyes sparkled in delight.

"As expected of Sir Zhu. He is a Dragon amongst men!"

"Such a strong, and sturdy… I can't wait to…. Hehehe."

"Sis, can you let me give it a try first?"

"If I can ride that thing, I can die happy."

William's face twitched as he heard the Amazon's non-stop praises of Zhu. He was about to argue with them when he felt someone tugging on her clothes.

The Half-Elf glanced at the adorable pink-haired girl who was looking up at him with a smile.

"Will, don't worry. I love your little worm." Chiffon said with an innocent tone.

The moment the Amazons heard it, all of them laughed out loud, which made William almost spit a mouthful of blood. They even praised Chiffon for being honest, the Amazons' jeers were like sharp arrows that pierced William's heart.

The damage he received from this short exchange of words was stronger than the attack of a Myriad Beast.

Princess Sidonie's and Ian's bodies shook as they desperately covered their lips to prevent themselves from laughing out loud. They had never seen William so distraught before and it tickled their hearts.

Although they knew that the Amazons were just exaggerating things, they couldn't stop themselves from chuckling due to how confused and wronged William's expression was.

It was very rare to see her husband with that kind of look on her face, which made the two beautiful ladies feel more attached to him.

< Darling is so cute! I want to make love to him tonight! >

'Yes. Let's do that.' Princess Sidonie agreed. 'Let's heal his heart, and make him fall in love with us all over again.'

'So, William has this cute side to him as well,' Ian thought. 'It's a shame that Est isn't able to see it right now.'

Zhu felt that something was wrong with William, so he asked Sha to take William to the side. He was not aware that the mental damage that the Half-Elf had received had made William question the meaning of life.

"Let my comrades pass and I'll fight with all of you for two hundred rounds!" Zhu declared. "Don't worry. I promise that I will show you girls mercy."

Millis and the Amazons looked at Zhu with sparkling eyes when they heard his declaration.

"T-Two hundred rounds! Did he just say two hundred rounds?!"

"I think my hips will be dislocated with that number, but it sounds exciting!"

"I knew that he is a man among men, a dragon amongst dragons, but to think that he wants all of us to have two hundred rounds with him, he sure has guts!"

Millis had an impatient look on her face as she glanced in William's direction.

"Oi! All of you can pass," Millis stated. She was afraid that Zhu would take back his words if she didn't allow William and his groups to go past them. "Can't you all hurry up? Stop wasting our time!"

The Amazons even approached William's group and hurriedly pulled the Half-Elf, Princess Sidonie, Chiffon, Ian, and Sha along.

Clearly, they were raring to go and fight Zhu for two hundred rounds. None of them thought that they would feel this much attraction to a guy and they planned to wring him dry.

However, for that to happen, William's group must leave so that no one would interrupt the great battle that was about to unfold.

After William's group had disappeared from their line of sight, the Amazons hurriedly attacked Zhu.

The mighty Demonic General of the Celestial Realm sneered as he prepared himself to fight one against seven. He was confident that no matter what tricks the girls used on him, he wouldn't lose no matter what.

"Oi! Why are you taking my belt?!"

"Woman! Stop pulling my pants!"

"Why are you girls stripping?! Fight me seriously!"

"Dammit! Woman, just where do you think you're touching?!"

Zhu's angry roars reverberated inside the Dungeon Floor, but the Amazons didn't care one bit about his plight.. They even became more excited as they fought the mighty warrior 'seriously' with all of their might.