Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 763 - Will You Reward Me As Well?

"Big Brother, will Zhu really be fine?" Chiffon asked.

She was walking hand in hand with William, and was still unaware that her innocent words earlier had almost made her husband spit a mouthful of blood.

"His sacrifice will not be in vain," William replied. "He will not be forgotten."

"Big Brother… Zhu is still alive."

"Well, after two hundred rounds, he might just re-enter the cycle of reincarnation."

Princess Sidonie who was holding onto William's arm giggled as she covered her seductive lips with her right hand.

"You've been giggling non-stop ever since we left Zhu behind," William commented. "Do you want me to call you Gigglypuff?"

"Don't be like that, Darling." Morgana playfully batted her eyes on him. "Don't worry. Those Amazons don't know how well-endowed you are. I am the Sin of Lust, I guarantee that Little Will is a dragon amongst dragons."

William snorted, but his wife's words calmed his heart. Although he knew that the words of the Amazons were not true, it was still difficult to not be affected after being ridiculed to that extent.

"After we clear this dungeon, I'll reward you for your honesty," William said as he kissed Morgana's forehead.

Morgana smiled and nodded her head. "I can't wait."

"Will, how about me?" Chiffon asked. "Will you reward me as well?"

"Okay." William lightly squeezed Chiffon's hand. He had already planned to 'reward' Chiffon for what she had said earlier. He will make sure that his adorable wife would never call Little Will, a little worm ever again.

Suddenly several Centennial Ranked Monster, and Millennial Ranked Beast blocked their path.

The monsters on the 63rd Floor were composed of Orc Parties. Most of them were Centennial Ranked Beasts, led by a Millennial Beast. For most adventurer parties, this might have been a difficult battle, but for William, it was just a walk in the park.

"Erchitu, Psoglav, Jareth, Sharx, Xerxes, Dazz, clear the way," William ordered. "We are heading straight to the 70th Floor. Obliterate anyone who blocks our way!"

The Beasts of William's King's Legion charged with fervor. All of them were of the Centennial Rank, with Jareth (Goblin Paladin) being at the peak of the Millennial Rank.

These monsters were nothing to them, so they bulldozed their way through and sent the orcs flying.

Elliot sat on Sha's shoulder quietly, and seemed to be deep in thought. Conan and him were twins, so the two of them had a means of communicating with each other. However, no matter how hard Elliot called out to his other half, no reply came back to him.

—-

Meanwhile, on the Floor of Valhalla in the Tower of Babylon…

"Father, are you really going to go?" Morgan asked.

James, who was seated on top of Sleipnir nodded his head.

"I have to go," James replied. "We don't have much time."

The old bandit stared at the vast expanse of space with a smile on his face. His subordinates that had fought with him in the Void had all been sent back to their homes, with the exception of a few who decided to stay at the Floor of Asgard, to wait for James' return.

"Commander, I want to go with you," Helen said. "I promise that I will not get in your way."

James sighed and shook his head. "Stay here. I don't know when I'll be back, and someone needs to watch over the Bifrost Bridge and wait for my return."

"Understood. I will patiently wait for the Commander's arrival."

"Sorry for troubling you, Helen. Make sure that William doesn't get out of line when I'm not around."

Helen smiled and nodded her head. "Compared to the commander, William is a Saint. I'm sure that he will do his best to stay out of trouble."

James chuckled because he knew that doing one's best would not guarantee that they would not attract trouble. This was especially true for their bloodline.

"Morgan, watch over the Floor of Asgard," James reminded. "I don't want William to pester me when he finds out that I'm not around."

Morgan nodded. "Father, what about the Elven Prophecy?"

"What about it?"

"What do we do if he…"

James smirked as he patted Morgan's shoulder.

"You worry too much," James said. "We all have our roles to play. You, me, Will, and the rest of the Ainsworths. However, no matter what happens, all of us are family. Anyone who harms our family will be beaten up to a pulp. There will be no exceptions.

"However, if something really terrible happens, use the crystal I left you. No matter where I am, I will return, running at full speed. Well then, I'm off."

James straightened himself and summoned Gungnir. He then raised it high in the air and the Bifrost Bridge shot out towards the vast expanse that led to the unknown.

Not long after, the old man was bathed in a radiant light.

"For Asgard!" Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Sleipnir neighed and galloped on top of the Bifrost Bridge. Soon, James, and the magnificent steed, disappeared in a beam of light that pierced the fabric of time and space.

Morgan, Helen, and the rest of the veterans of Lont, stared at the distance for a few minutes before returning to the castle of Asgard.

"Ezio, what will you do for the time being?" Helen asked as he walked side by side with the man who had always been around James.

Just like Helen, Ezio also wanted to accompany James, but Sleipnir would only allow one person to travel on his back, and that was none other than James.

Also, Ezio didn't have the means to cross between worlds. He would only hinder James from his goal if he insisted on accompanying the old coot on his journey.

"I'll go and see William for the time being," Ezio replied. "I'm sure that the Commander is also worried about him."

Helen nodded. "Be careful. There are many old monsters in Hestia Academy. The Headmaster and our Commander had conflicts in the past as well."

"Okay. You be careful as well," Ezio stated before turning into a black mist.

Now that James was not around, Ezio decided to roam around the Central Continent for the time being. The old man had asked him to dig for more information about the hidden Organization, Deus.

James believed that there was more to this particular Organization than met the eye. If possible, he wanted Ezio to find their headquarters and infiltrate it.

That way, he would have a better picture on what their goals really were. If their organization's goal was to destroy the world of Hestia then Ezio would report this to Malacai.

After the battle at the Passage of the Worlds, the old bandit and the Dracolich had a nice long chat with each other. Since both of their goals were the same, they decided to cooperate and form an alliance.

Since James was not around, he would let the Dracolich handle this menace that had long hidden within the world.

They were now allies, so it was only natural for him to share information with Malacai, who was also busy exploring the world, in search for the hidden treasures that the Gods had left behind after the Era of the Gods.