Chapter 764 - Conquering The Orc Dungeon [Part 1]

"Are you girls crazy?!" Zhu shouted as he pried away the naughty hand who was touching his ding ding dong. "Fight me seriously!"

Right now, the chubby young man had almost been stripped of all of his clothes and was now down to his pants. The Amazons warriors didn't even bother to take it off properly and simply ripped every kind of clothing that they could grab on Zhu's body.

Zhu didn't dare to use his weapon because the girls weren't using any. He was once a general in the Heavenly Domain, and he would never strike an unarmed opponent. The chubby young man also knew that the girls had no intention of harming him, but the crazed look in their eyes made his body fat unconsciously shudder.

They were just like a pack of hyenas that were drooling as they stared at his body, hungry for his juicy meat.

"Chance!"

Millis took the opportunity to charge at Zhu when the latter was besieged from all sides. With one mighty pull, he managed to snatch Zhu's remaining clothing, which made the latter cover his lower half with his hand.

"This is your last warning!" Zhu said with a beet-red face. "Don't make me angry. I'm warning you! Even if you are women, I will show you no mercy!"

"Awwww… don't be like that Sir Zhu."

"Right! We just want to have a good time. We won't hurt you."

"Surrender yourself to your fate. We promise that we will all have a good time."

Millis grinned evilly as she made a gesture for the Amazons to encircle Zhu. Their prey was already cornered. All that they needed to do was go in for the kill!

"Sisters, attack him!" Millis ordered. "I call first dibs!"

"No fair!"

"I want to be first!"

"Stop arguing. Let's incapacitate him first. We can just draw lots later!"

""Okay!""

Seeing that the crazy women were out to get him. Zhu gritted his teeth as his eyes turned bloodshot.

"You forced me to do this!" Zhu roared. He had enough of the Amazons' craziness so he decided to unleash his true powers.

The chubby young man transformed into a demonic pig that was over four meters tall. He glared hatefully at the women who were currently looking at him with their mouths hanging wide open.

"W-Wow! So big!"

"I-I don't think that will fit in me."

"T-That is surely a mouthful."

"S-Sh*t!"

Millis' eyes gazed at the towering giant and his mighty dong. She unconsciously gulped because she knew that Zhu's 'hyperweapon' would definitely break them if they faced it head on.

While the Amazons were still in a daze, Zhu used his movement technique and knocked all of them unconscious. As someone whose strength was at the peak of the Millennial Rank, he was stronger than all the Amazons combined.

"Bunch of crazies," Zhu muttered. He was about to walk away when he noticed a group of Orcs headed in his direction.

He gave the unconscious Amazons a sidelong glance before looking at the approaching monsters.

"So annoying." Zhu clicked his tongue as he charged towards the Orcs to eliminate them.

He could have just walked away and allowed the Orcs to attack the defenseless women, but if he did that, Zhu knew that it would leave a bitter aftertaste in his mouth.

Several minutes later, a chubby young man ran through the dungeon, following the monster trail that William's group had left behind.

After dealing with the Orcs, he carried the Amazons and tossed them into the Safe Zone where no monsters dared to go. Only after he was finished with his business did he go to catch up to William's group, which was now on the 64th Floor.

—-

Several hours later…

"We've finally arrived," William said as he stared at the five meter golden gate that barred their way.

This was the entrance to the Boss Room of the 70th Floor. Once he made it past this last hurdle, he would be able to get the Dungeon Core Essence, which would help him upgrade his Familiamancer Job Class.

William pressed his hands over the gate and pushed it open. Just like all Boss Rooms, the interior was dark. Only when all the combatants had entered its Domain would the monsters appear to start the battle.

When everyone had entered the room, torch lights appeared around them.

It didn't take long before their gazes landed on the throne at the far end of the room. Sitting on it was a giant orc.

It was none other than the final boss of the dungeon, the Black-Eyed Orc King.

William glanced at the final boss and used his appraisal skill on it. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

—--

< Black-Eyed Orc King >

– Boss Monster

– Tyrant of the Horde

– Threat Level: Pseudo-Myriad Beast

– Cannot be added to the herd.

– The Black-Eyed Orc King is known for its brutality against all races. Among the Orc Kings, this particular Monster will actively attack any kind of settlement near its domain, including the settlement of other Orcs.

– It is just a step away from the Myriad Rank, which makes this beast a very dangerous opponent, especially for unsuspecting adventurer parties.

– It's battle cry will easily paralyze those with weak willpower. Fighting against this Monster requires great caution.

—-

When the five-meter-tall, Black-Eyed Orc King stood up from its throne, several monsters appeared around it.

William appraised the monsters as an Orc Shaman, an Orc Chieftain, an Orc Marauder, an Orc Hunter, an Orc Berserkers, and an Orc Spear Master.

'All of them are Millennial Beast in the middle stages,' William thought as he eyed the final obstacles blocking his way.

"Chiffon, you will fight against the Orc Chieftain alongside Sha. Make sure to summon B1 and B2 to accompany you in battle as well," William ordered. "Ashe, Sidonie, the two of you take care of the Orc Spear Master.

"Jareth and Dazz (Goblin Warmonger), I want you to pin down the Orc King. Psoglav you deal with the Orc Shaman, Erchitu you handle the Orc Berserker. Sharx (Goblin Marauder), you, Xerxes and Sparky (Sharx's Mount) handle the Marauder. Elliot and Zhu, assist any side that needs assistance. Be mindful of your surroundings. Now, attack!"

Everyone took their positions and attacked their respective targets. William crossed his arms over his chest as he observed the battle. His King's Legion was already many times stronger than they had been in the War in the Southern Continent.

The only people he was worried about were his wives. Unlike the Millennial Beasts under his command, the girls had just stepped into the Adamantium Rank. William wanted them to familiarize themselves with group battles, so that they would be able to work hand in hand in the future to fight against stronger opponents.

Jareth, the Goblin Paladin, was the strongest monster under William's command. It had already stepped into the peak of the Millennial Rank, and was only a notch weaker than the Goblin King. Dazz, the Goblin Warmonger was a tier weaker than Jareth, but it was still a monster at the middle stages of the Millennial Rank.

Both of them were strong enough to hold the Orc King at bay, and prevent it from supporting its minions.

Chiffon was currently fighting while holding Sharur in her hands. Since the Smasher of Thousands was a Mythic Weapon, William felt that the pink-haired girl needed to familiarize herself with wielding it.

He had already equipped Chiffon with the Weapon Master Job Class, which allowed her to wield any kind of weapon. This allowed her to get a deeper understanding on how to fully maximize Sharur's strength in battle.

Princess Sidonie and Ashe were using their magical abilities to suppress their opponent. One, wielded the power of purple flames, the other, the cold and merciless waters. Their combination attacks of Fire and Water made their opponent scream in pain.

Elliot and Zhu would intercept some of the attacks of the monsters in order to lessen the pressure that everyone was experiencing.

As William observed the battle, he noticed a few notifications on his Status Page that surprised him greatly.

< System Completion Rate: 16% >

< System Completion Rate: 17% >

William's eyes widened at the unexpected surprise. He didn't know why the System Completion Rate had started to move, so he hurriedly asked Optimus for confirmation.

The System once said that once his System Completion Rate reached 100%, William would be able to fully unlock Optimus' full power.

The Half-Elf wanted to know how this was happening, so that he would be able to further increase the completion rate that had been very hard to upgrade.