Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 765 - Conquering The Orc Dungeon [Part 2]

'Optimus, what is happening?' William asked. 'I'm not doing anything, but the completion rate is increasing. Can you explain this to me?'

When William had unlocked the System Synchronization Completion Rate in the Tower of Babylon, he had tried all means to upgrade it. There was one problem. Increasing the completion rate wasn't as simple as he thought it would be.

Since then, his completion rate reached 15%. However, after it did, it showed no signs of improving. The Half-Elf had tried fighting the Monsters in Atlantis to raise it higher, but the rating just wouldn't budge.

This was why he was surprised when the stagnant meter was finally moving, even when he was simply standing and spectating the battle. If he could crack the code on how to increase the rating, he would be able to unlock the powers of his system at a rapid pace.

< Will, the system completion rate doesn't only rely on your breakthroughs. It is also connected to the quality of the forces under your command, and the relationship you have with your wives. Right now, your wives' fighting prowess is slowly having an upgrade. This results in overcoming a milestone, which prompted the rating to move. >

William rubbed his chin in understanding, 'So you're saying that if my wives get stronger, my completion rate will also become higher?'

< Yes. However, do not expect a dramatic increase. Even so, I think you will be able to reach 20% completion after this battle is over. At least, that is according to my calculations. >

'Good!' William clenched his fist in excitement. 'So this is also an option. This is good news!'

According to the information he had of the system completion rate, whenever he reaches 20% completion rate, all of his stats would increase by 50 points.

If he reached 50%, he would be able to unlock one of the abilities of the System that he could use in battle. This would give William another Trump Card that he could use during critical situations.

When he asked Optimus what kind of ability he would be able to unlock, the system only said that he would gain the ability to one-shot any Myriad Beast without any problem.

William hissed after hearing this information. A Myriad Beast was not an easy opponent, and he would only be able to fight them when he used his Heroic Avatar, or Einherjar Job Class. One had a very long cooldown, the other required him to pay with his memories when it was used.

Having this new Trump Card in hand would benefit him greatly.

'Is that ability awesome?' William inquired.

< It is awesome. >

'How awesome?'

< It is super flashy! >

William was very curious to know what it was, but Optimus kept mum about it. In the end, he could only give up and return his attention to the battle that was happening in front of him.

The Orc Chief swatted Chiffon with his mace, and the latter was forced to summon her mythical shield, Svalinn, to block it. The ground under Chiffon's feet crumbled due to the powerful collision. The pink-haired girl was forced to kneel while holding up the shield in her right hand.

Sha immediately clenched his hand, and the sand around him transformed into a giant fist, which he sent to punch the Orc Chieftain's face, sending it skidding for several meters. Chiffon finally got a breather and unsummoned Svalinn.

"Chiffon, activate your giantess form," Sharur proposed. "Let's smash this monster to kingdom come."

"Un!" Chiffon readily agreed as she took a deep breath.

Moments later, she grew in size until she was five-meters tall. Sharur also grew alongside Chiffon, and its dark-blue body glowed brightly.

The Orc Chieftain roared in anger as it once again charged at Chiffon, wielding its Iron Club with fury.

The giantess didn't back away and faced the Orc Chieftain head-on. A powerful shockwave spread across the battleground as their weapons clashed.

This time, the Orc Chieftain's weapon was overwhelmed by Chiffon and Sharur's might, which sent the second strongest monster in the Boss room flying.

Chiffon was surprised by the complete reversal and stared at the weapon in her hand.

"Did you see that?" Sharur asked. Clearly, it was very satisfied with its performance. "Now do you understand how powerful I am?"

Chiffon nodded her head before running towards the Orc Chieftain. Now that she had the upper hand, she wouldn't allow the monster to recover.

William smiled as he watched his usual obedient, and adorable, wife brandish the mace in her hand with fury. The pained cries of the Orc Chieftain, that was being pummeled repeatedly, made the other Orcs' hearts tremble.

In the distance, Dark and Fire Magic collided and repelled each other.

Psoglav had finally stepped into the Centennial Rank and was employing its abilities to its fullest. In the past, the Demonic Dog was a being that bullied the weak and feared the strong.

However, after becoming part of William's King's Legion, it had faced many life threatening situations, which had changed its outlook on life. The thing that changed it the most was Erchitu's death in the Southern Continent.

It was at that moment when Psoglav realized that there would be situations where running was not an option. In the past, it would not dare to sacrifice its life in order to save its friends, but after getting along with the beasts in the Thousand Beast Domain like Kasogonaga, and Erchitu, it no longer lived the lone wolf lifestyle.

It strived in order to get stronger, even to the point of always arguing with Kasogonaga over Beast Cores.

The Orc Shaman that it was fighting against specialized in Fire Magic. Right now, Psoglav was a tier lower than it, so the battle was not moving in its favor. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

"Will! I need help here!" Psoglav shouted as he was blown away by a massive fireball, which it blocked using a shield made of Dark Energy.

William pointed at the Demonic Dog and used his authority to grant it additional power.

"Kinship Evolution!" William declared and the Demonic Dog glowed brightly.

A pair of batlike wings appeared on its back, and instead of a single eye, it now had three eyes on its head, which looked at the Orc Shaman with a devilish gaze.

Kinship Evolution was an ability that William and his lovers had acquired after he had upgraded his Job Class to Quick-Shot Shepherd.

It allowed him to raise the power of any member of his Legion. The only downside was that he could only upgrade one of them at a time. As long as the skill was active, he couldn't choose any other beast to upgrade aside from the one that he had forcefully evolved..

"Death Ray!" Psoglav shouted and the third eye on its forehead shot an eerie red beam of light that struck the Orc Shaman in the center of its chest.

The latter shrieked in pain as it clutched its chest, while hurling a fireball at the Demonic Dog who dodged it in a casual manner.

"Hahaha! Now you're no match for me!" Psoglav laughed as he flew towards the weakened Orc Shaman. "It's payback time!"

What followed next was a one-sided trashing. Psoglav unleashed dozens of Dark Whips that wrapped around the Shaman's body holding it in place.

"Shadow Ball Barrage!" Psoglav fired a volley of shadow balls, the size of a basketball at the immobile Orc Shaman, making it scream with fear and resentment. Unfortunately, it could not move its body, or do anything to block the Demonic Dog's attack, so it had no choice but to endure the powerful barrage that made it feel helpless.

Seeing that the Demonic Dog now had the upper hand, William shifted his attention to Jareth, and Dazz, who were fighting against the Orc King.

Although the Orc King was stronger, the Goblin Paladin, and the Goblin Warmonger had more battle experience. They evaded, parried, and blocked its attacks without fail. Sometimes, the two of them would work together in order to deliver blows at the Orc King's blindspots, causing it to howl in fury.

William asked Jareth and Dazz to pin the Orc King, so that it wouldn't be able to help its allies. Once William's team had effectively dealt with their targets, they would fight the Orc King together and end its futile struggle.

One by one, the Orc King's subordinates fell.

After that, everyone, with the exception of William, attacked the Orc King from all sides. In the end, the Orc King fell, and a series of notifications appeared on William's status page.

Aside from the Experience and Beast Core rewards, William's Prestige Class, Prince of Thunder had finally reached its max level.

—--

< Ding! >

< Congratulations! Prince of Thunder Job Class has reached its Max Level! >

< In order to upgrade this Prestige Class, you must first go to the Hall of Thunder located at the Forbidden Ground of Seventh Sanctum. >

—--

'Finally,' William thought as he stared at the Job Class that had been with him for a very long time. In the past, he was warned not to show the power of lightning to anyone, but during the battle in the Southern Continent, he had used this repeatedly due to its useful abilities.

However, the thing that caught his attention the most was none other than the System's completion rate, which had stopped on the 20% mark.

With this achievement, William was finally able to gain 50 additional stats.. He was also a step closer to finally unlocking the true power of the Strongest System.