Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 769 - Time For Round Twenty-Three. Are You Game?

(Disclaimer: Some R-18 scenes are not suitable for children. Parental guidance is advised.)

—--

Inside the Villa in the Thousand Beast Domain…

"Big Brother… hah… I'm sorry… mmh! Chiffon… Chiffon, won't… ha… do it… again… mmmh!"

The pink-haired girl panted as William used both gentle, and rough attacks in order to bring her to the heights of pleasure.

"Why are you asking for forgiveness? Did you do anything bad to me?" William whispered.

He was currently seated on a couch, with Chiffon sitting on top of him, with her hands wrapped around his head.

The little glutton was like a small boat, in the middle of a storm. No matter how hard she tried to resist, the mighty waves would wash over her body, making her shudder. William continued his attacks, while whispering words of love in her ears.

"Big Brother… please… hah… have mercy… mmh!"

William sealed Chiffon's lips with a kiss and held her body tightly.

After their lips parted, the pink-haired girl panted for breath. William allowed her to regain her breathing and ceased all movements. When his wife had finally calmed down, he pulled her close to him and kissed her forehead.

"I love you, Chiffon. I hope what happened inside the dungeon will not happen again."

"... Un. I'm sorry, Will."

The two kissed once more. This time, it was a very sweet kiss, when it ended. William made love to her, and Chiffon held on to him tightly.

Suddenly, the pink-haired girl's body trembled as she and William reached their peak. She felt the raging warmth of her husband's love erupt inside her, which brought waves, upon waves of euphoria, turning her world completely white.

A few moments later, Chiffon's delicate body lost its strength, and collapsed weakly on top of William.

"It seems that Chiffon is still not used to the throes of pleasure," a teasing voice said from on top of the bed. "Poor girl, she fainted."

Morgana, who had been lying on the bed for a while, walked towards William in all her naked glory.

Several kiss marks could be seen on her seductive body, indicating that William had adequately 'punished' her as well.

Similar to Chiffon, Ashe was lying on the bed, and was deep asleep. William had made love to her many times, until the beautiful mermaid begged him to stop. Now, she was sleeping peacefully, like the pink-haired girl in William's arms. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Among William's wives, only the Succubus Princess could match his prowess when it came to love making.

William kissed Chiffon's head and wrapped his arms around her body, securing her in place.

Princess Sidonie sat beside William and kissed Chiffon's cheeks, before shifting her attention to her beloved husband, who was punishing them for their transgression in the Dungeon of the Horde.

"Darling, are you sure you don't want to take us to the Forbidden Grounds?" Morgana asked. "I'm sure that Ashe and Chiffon won't allow you to go alone. You should at least take one of them with you, to give me and them some peace of mind.

William pondered for a brief moment before reluctantly nodding his head.

"Knowing Chiffon, she will indeed tag along with me no matter what," William replied helplessly as he softly patted the sleeping girl's head. "I'll ask Ashe to stay with you and make sure you don't get into trouble."

Morgana giggled when she felt William's naugthy hand start to caress her snowy-white peaks.

"You can play with them as much as you want later," Morgana said as she stopped William's hand from continuing its teasing of her white rabbit. "Let's have a serious discussion first."

Seeing that Morgana wanted to talk seriously, William ceased all actions and nodded his head in acknowledgement.

"According to the information in the library, the time inside the Forbidden Ground flows slower than in the outside world," William explained. "But, the difference isn't that much. A day in the outside world is equivalent to two days inside the Forbidden Ground. If nothing untowards happens, I'll be back in less than a month."

Morgana nodded her head. She knew that William was doing this because it was important. As his wife, she intended to support his decision and patiently wait for his return.

"Can we help you in any way?" Princess Sidonie asked. She had just woken up from her slumber, and immediately swapped with Morgana in order to talk to William about important matters.

"Actually, there is something you can help me with," William replied. "Visit Shannon more often. Know more about her."

"You want me to understand what Sin she carries, right?"

"Yes. It will help me tremendously if you find that out."

Princess Sidonie moved closer and kissed William's left cheek. "I will do my best. You should be careful inside the Forbidden Ground. Leave Soleil with me so you can return anytime."

William kissed her back before nodding his head. "I will do that."

"Ah. I almost forgot, make sure to bring Lilith with you as well."

"Lilith? Why?"

William couldn't understand why he had to bring the Greedy Amazon with him on his journey. Besides, the Half-Elf was wary of her because the latter was serious in getting his genes.

Princess Sidonie smiled. "Because her power is very useful. She's like a compass in finding treasures. If you bring her with you, the chances of finding something of great value is high. No. it is guaranteed that you will find something good if you bring her with you.

"Afterall, the Forbidden Ground is known for its wealth. Those who are able to come back alive will definitely earn a fortune."

The beautiful princess wasn't worried about William's safety because he had many trump cards in his disposal. He could travel anywhere at the speed of lightning, and also had instant teleportation with the power of Soleil.

Escaping was not an issue for her beloved Half-Elf, so she was confident that William would come back to her in one piece.

If push came to shove, he could use his Heroic Avatar or his Einherjar Job Class. Not to mention, he had a mighty legion at his disposal.

Suddenly a thought flashed inside Princess Sidonie's mind. The image of William ransacking the entire Forbidden Domain, and dumping it inside his own Thousand Beast Domain, almost made her giggle.

Knowing how shameless her husband was, the chances of that happening was extremely high.

After giving Princess Sidonie's idea some consideration, William thought that it was indeed a very good plan to gather resources.

With Lilith by his side, he would have a walking Treasure Radar that could pick up the locations of treasures instantly.

Optimus had this function as well, but the System warned him that the Laws of the Forbidden Ground might prevent it from using its special scanner to look for treasures in the surroundings.

After agreeing with Princess Sidonie's proposal, William gently carried Chiffon towards the bed and laid her down.

Once he completed this task, the beautiful princess wrapped her arms around William's body and stared at his beautiful eyes that reflected her own.

"Time for round twenty-three. Are you game?" Princess Sidonie asked in a teasing tone.

William smirked as his naughty hands lightly squeezed the bum of the beautiful princess.

"Always," William replied as he pulled her lover towards the couch.

Soon, the sound of spring permeated inside the room.. William showed his Succubus Princess that his stamina, and tenacity, matched hers perfectly.