Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 770 - Don’t Let Him Cheat On Us, Okay?

"You are going to the Forbidden Ground, Seventh Sanctum, and you want me to go with you?" Lilith asked as she looked at the Half-Elf with a curious gaze.

The Amazon Princess was quite surprised when William approached her. Lilith thought that the Half-Elf had a grudge against her after she had stolen the Collar of Wisteria from Princess Sidonie's neck.

Since then, Lilith had stopped pestering William because she didn't want the latter to hate her more. In order to bring him to the Ares Empire, she needed to be on his good side, and make the red-headed teenager drop his guard around her.

William nodded, "Yes. Are you free or do you have any other plans?"

"I'm free," Lilith replied in a heartbeat. She was afraid that William would change his mind after inviting her. However, there was still one thing that bothered her, so she decided to ask the Half-Elf the question that had been in her mind.

"Why me?" Lilith inquired.

William scratched his head in embarrassment before giving his answer. "Because you are the best partner when it comes to looking for treasures. The Forbidden Ground might be a dangerous place, but it is also ripe with resources. I was hoping that you could help me get some of them during my trip to the Seventh Sanctum."

Lilith smiled. "I see! You came to find the right person. With me around, finding treasures is as easy as breathing."

"Great!" William nodded. "I still need to prepare things for our journey. How about we meet at the Academy's teleportation gate at noon tomorrow?"

"Good. I'll see you tomorrow then."

"Alright."

Lilith watched William's retreating back with a smile on her face.

When their group had faced the Myriad Beast, Conan did his best to stall for time until William arrived. Lilith had long heard that William was powerful, but she still hadn't seen the extent of his powers.

Although she was present during the Founding Celebration of the Misty Sect, William's battle with Meredith ended without anyone seeing the Half-Elf's capabilities.

When the Dryad attacked them, Lilith was paralyzed, but she was still aware of her surroundings. This was why she had immediately noticed William's arrival.

Unfortunately, before she could even see the Half-Elf in action, she was knocked unconscious by the Demonic Dog, Psoglav, and taken away. Because of this, she was not able to see how William fought the Myriad Beast.

Even so, she was confident that with William around, exploring the Forbidden Grounds would not be too dangerous.

This would also help her know more about the red-headed teenager, which the entire Amazon Empire had set their eyes on.

—--

"The Seventh Sanctum," Empress Andraste frowned as she looked at her daughter. "That is a very dangerous place, Lilith. Are you confident that you will be able to leave that place in one piece?"

"Yes," Lilith replied. "I have 70% assurance that I will be able to leave it without fail. Also, I have a feeling that William wouldn't do something as stupid as going to the Forbidden Grounds without sufficient strength.

If he can fend off against a Myriad Beast then the chances of safely leaving the Seventh Sanctum is very high.

"Okay, you may go," Empress Andraste reluctantly agreed. "You can also use this opportunity to save William during tough situations, making him indebted to you."

"That will be a bit hard to do, since he is stronger than me."

"Silly girl. William may be strong, but he is not invincible. Just do your best to get close to him during this journey."

"Understood." Lilith smiled. "Mother, about our plan, I think it will be best if you talk to the Headmaster about it. You can invite the entire 3rd Grade, as well as the professors of the academy, and treat it as a cultural exchange. This way, we don't even need to invite William to the Ares Empire. The academy will do it for us."

Empress Andraste smirked as she looked at her daughter with appreciation.

"As expected of my daughter, you are a genius," Empress Andraste praised. "Very well. Just leave this matter to me. You go and accompany our stud horse on a little field trip to the Forbidden Ground and come back as soon as possible." Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Lilith nodded. "Understood. I will do my best, Mother."

—--

The next day…

Lilith stood beside the teleportation gate of Hestia Academy, while she waited for William.

Because she had informed her mother about her journey, the Amazon Empress repeatedly told her to be careful and to do her best to make the Half-Elf owe her a favor. While Lilith was deep in her thoughts, a familiar voice called out to her from a distance.

"Sorry if we made you wait. Are you ready to go?"

Lilith raised her head and saw William and Chiffon walking hand in hand. Princess Sidonie and Ian were also there to send them off and they gave Lilith a brief nod as a greeting.

"Don't worry. I just got here as well," Lilith replied as she nodded back. "I'm ready to go anytime."

William nodded before turning his head to look at Princess Sidonie and Ian. "We will be going now. Ian, make sure that Sidonie behaves."

Ian smiled in acknowledgement. "I'll look after her. As for the three of you, make sure to return safely. We will be waiting."

Princess Sidonie, on the other hand, raised an eyebrow as she crossed her arms over her chest, highlighting the curves that would make any guy lose their composure.

"Chiffon, make sure to look after our husband," Princess Sidonie stressed the word 'husband' before glancing in Lilith's direction. "Don't let him cheat on us, okay?"

Chiffon patted her modest chest before replying. "Leave it to me. I will not let him cheat on us."

Sidonie felt like her warning wasn't enough, so she decided to walk towards William, and gave him a long passionate kiss on the lips. She was well aware that there are many beautiful ladies in the academy who were giving the Half-Elf meaningful glances.

Fortunately, WIlliam didn't care about them, but it still irked Princess Sidonie to have her beloved man stared at by hungry, thieving cats.

This was why she decided to give a public display of affection to deter the girls who were targeting her husband.

Everyone who was there at the Teleportation Gate saw this passionate scene and gritted their teeth in envy. The boys couldn't help but wish that instead of William, the one that was being kissed by the Princess was them.

"D-Damn! That bastard is so lucky. I wish I was him!"

"Maybe he accumulated a lot of karma by saving a universe in his past life. This is the only thing I can think of for him to get Princess Sidonie as his wife."

"Just imagining how he can have his way with the beautiful Princess' perfect body is enough to give me a nosebleed."

"O-Oi! You're really having a nosebleed. Wipe it off before anyone sees it!"

After the kiss ended, William gave Princess Sidonie the "you sure know how to make a scene" stare before giving her a light hug.

"Don't forget to visit Shannon on a regular basis," William whispered. "I have a feeling that she's eager to have a conversation partner."

"Okay," Princess Sidonie replied. "Leave her to me."

Lilith looked at this scene with an indifferent gaze, but deep inside, she felt a little envious of Princess Sidonie.

As the Amazon Princess, she also had many suitors that hailed from the different kingdoms, and empires in the Central Continent. The Royal Families of these nations would often send their princes to the Ares Empire for a possible marriage agreement, but the Empress had turned all of them down.

The Amazons didn't care for a person's background. All they cared about was strength. Lilith had promised herself that she would only get the best, so she had been keeping an eye out for potential partners whenever she traveled around the continent.

Her purpose for this trip was to get a better understanding of William's strength. Only after seeing it would she finally make her decision.

After the hug ended, William bid his wives one last goodbye before walking towards the Teleportation Gate with Chiffon and Lilith.

The three disappeared under the envious stares of the students of the Academy.

It would take them a week to reach the Port City of Alabaster, and two more days before they reached the Forbidden Ground.

William was actually looking forward to this journey. This was the first time that he would be entering a Forbidden Ground.. The Half-Elf was quite eager to uncover the secrets that hid within that mysterious domain.