Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 772 - I’m Just Following The Rules [Part 2]

"Will he really be okay?" Lilith asked as she eyed the mountain in the distance. "That place is filled with hidden experts. No matter how strong he is, he couldn't possibly fight them all, right?"

Chiffon unwrapped a chocolate lollipop before placing it inside her mouth. She licked it for a few seconds before turning her head to the side to look at the Amazon who had a frown on her face.

"He will be okay," Chiffon answered with confidence. "I trust him."

Lilith frowned. When Willam told them that he found a group of slave traders hiding beside the borders of the City of Alabaster, the first thing she wanted to do was to beat them up and hand them over to the authorities of the City of Alabaster.

However, William said that he had a better idea. After telling the two women about his plan, their group split, and the Half-Elf went off on his own.

"You sure trust him a lot," Lilith said.

Chiffon nodded. "I do. He is my husband after all."

"Hey, can you tell me how the two of you met? I'm very curious about how you became Wiliam's wife."

"It's a long story. Do you still want to listen?"

Lilith nodded. "Yes. it's the perfect way to pass time."

She was really curious on how one of her sisters managed to marry the Half-Elf that had shaken the entire world due to his achievements in the Tower of Babylon.

Lilith thought that it would be a good idea to know more about William. That way, she would understand his character, which would greatly help her plan to bridge the gap between them.

'I need to know his likes and dislikes,' Lilith thought. 'That way, I can help my mother prepare the girls that match his preferences.'

The Amazon Princess was not ignorant and knew that men had varied tastes when it came to women. Some prefered mature ladies, some like shy types, there were others who prefered tomboys like Lilith, and some liked innocent looking girls.

Since the Amazons was a race of women, they could easily handpick the ladies in order to tempt the men who visited their empire.

This privilege was only given to the strong men that they had recognized as someone who possessed prized seed. Even though Prince Maximilian and Prince Jason were considered geniuses in the Kraetor Empire, the Amazons didn't give them much consideration.

For them, members of the Royal Families had a huge advantage when it came to cultivating experts. Amazons preferred those that had become strong through hardships, and didn't rely on their family's influences.

Only truly strong individuals would gain the right to have the Amazon women fawn on them and seduce them to become their partners.

Suddenly, a red bird descended from the sky and landed on Chiffon's outstretched arm.

"Will has safely entered their base," B1 reported. "He will start the operation in a few hours."

"Okay," Chiffon nodded. "Thank you, B1. Continue to monitor the surroundings, but do not alert them."

"Understood." B1 opened its wings and flew back towards the mountain to watch the enemy's movements.

—-

After sunset, Truedawn City started to become lively as the guests they had invited arrived at the Auction House.

Most of them were nobles from the different Kingdoms and Empires in the Central Continent. There were also members of the influential families that could be considered Overlords in their own Domains.

Although there were a few Kingdoms and Empires that banned slave trading, the majority didn't mind it too much. This was why the slave trading business was the most profitable business in the Central Continent.

"Ladies and gentlemen, It's my pleasure to be your host in today's auction," a handsome middle-aged man who was in his early thirties said with a smile. "I'm sure that all of you are very eager to buy your new slaves, so without further delay, let the auction begin!"

The curtains behind the man rose and a beautiful Elf, wearing red clothes that highlighted her curves, was escorted to the stage.

Both of her hands were bound by manacles, so she couldn't use her magical powers to free herself from her captors. The men in the audience were captivated by her beauty and boldness.

"Our special artifact has appraised her as a twenty-two year old Elf," the auctioneer said with a smile. "Her chastity is still intact, which is good news for everyone. I wonder, who among you will be the lucky person to make her a woman?"

The handsome middle-aged man lightly pushed the Elf's back to make her step forward, so that everyone could take a closer look at her.

The Elf glared hatefully at the masked people who were looking at her like vultures that were about to descend to the sky and tear off her flesh.

"I like her eyes. I wonder how long she will have that defiant look on her face after I am done with her."

"I've decided. She will be my next conquest! Elven girls are the best."

"Breaking her will surely prove to be a challenge. Even so, it will be worth it."

Seeing that everyone was itching to cast their bids, the host of the auction raised his hand to get the show going.

"Bidding starts at five thousand gold," the handsome middle-aged man said. "Increment will be a hundred gold. Start the bidding!"

"Six thousand!"

"Seven thousand!"

"Seven thousand six hundred!

"Eight thousand two hundred!"

"Ten Thousand gold coins!"

In the end, the elven beauty was sold for thirty-thousand gold coins. After that intense bidding war, the next batch of slaves was presented one by one.

Humans, Dwarves, Beastkins, all of them were sold to high prices which made the owner of the auction house very happy.

Meanwhile, backstage…

A Half-Elf with red hair and green eyes hummed as he brushed his hair.

His hands were tied with manacles, and a black, slave collar hung on his neck. However, he didn't seem to mind it too much as he combed his hair properly.

His caretakers were looking at him in a weird manner because he looked so carefree. This was the first time they had seen a slave act this way and it was making them doubt their common sense.

"It's your turn," a lady in her late twenties said as she approached William. She then caressed the side of his face and her eyes were filled with greed. "Too bad, I can't join the bidding for you. I'm sure that you will be a good slave."

The Half-Elf didn't say anything and simply handed his comb to the lady.

"Take this as a souvenir," The Half-Elf replied.

He then allowed himself to be taken by the men to the stage, while humming a tune. The woman looked at his back in confusion. For some reason, she felt like the Half-Elf was making fun of her.

"Let's see how long you can keep that attitude of yours," the woman sneered as she followed behind the group. She didn't believe that the Half-Elf would still act pretentious after he was sold to his new master.

When the Half-Elf appeared on stage, the women's gazes locked on him instantly.

"The next slave to be auctioned is a Half-Elf. According to our special artifact, he is eighteen years old," the middle-aged man said. "He is quite healthy, and would definitely be a good addition to your collections, my ladies."

The middle-aged man chuckled as he started the bidding for the Half-Elf.

"Bidding starts at five thousand gold coins with an increment of a hundred. Let's start."

"Eight thousand!"

"Ten thousand!"

"Twelve thousand!"

Everytime a lady bid for him, the Half-Elf would look in their direction and give them a wink. His playful antics made the ladies go gaga over him and the bidding war blazed into an inferno.

"Eighteen thousand gold coins!" a lady wearing a cat mask shouted. "The Half-Elf is mine!"

The Half-Elf glanced at her direction and smiled. "I'm not yet yours. You have to win the bidding first."

"Nineteen thousand!" a lady wearing a bird mask shouted. "Hands off b*tch he's mine!"

Another lady wearing a panther mask joined the fray. "Twenty thousand!"

"Twenty one thousand!" Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"Twenty-two thousand."

In the end, a three-way battle was fought over the Half-Elf as the bid rose to twenty five thousand.

The three ladies were seated on VIP seats, which meant that they were high-ranking nobles.

'Interesting, a cat, a bird, and a panther,' the Half-Elf thought with a smile. '

While the three ladies wearing masks glared at each other, an adorable voice spoke up and placed her bid.

"Twenty-two thousand one hundred."

The three girls simultaneously glared in the direction where the voice came from.

Seated on a couch were two girls. The taller one wore an owl mask, while the smaller one wore a tiger mask.

The lady wearing the tiger mask had long, pink hair, and even though they couldn't see her face, they assumed that she was no older than fourteen years old.

After a brief pause, the lady wearing a cat raised the bid once more.

"Twenty-five thousand!"

"Twenty-five thousand one hundred."

"Twenty-six thousand!"

"Twenty-six thousand one hundred."

"Twenty-eight thousand!"

"Twenty-eight thousand one hundred."

"Are you messing with me?!" the lady wearing a cat mask asked in irritation.

The young lady wearing a tiger mask looked in her direction and tilted her head in confusion. "No?"

"Then why are you only adding one hundred gold coins to all our bids?" the lady wearing a bird mask inquired.

"Didn't the auctioneer say that the increment should be a hundred gold coins?" the tiger-masked young lady answered. "I'm just following the rules."

The lady wearing a mask choked on her saliva because she didn't expect to hear the answer given to her by the young lady that was making things difficult for her.

"Girl, you're not breaking any rules, but can't you fight us properly?" the lady wearing the cat mask asked in irritation. "Just adding a hundred coins to our bid each time is disrespectful, you know?"

The young lady wearing the tiger mask nodded her head before placing another bid.

"Twenty-eight thousand one-hundred and one," the tiger-masked lady said. "There. I added one more coin. It's fine now, right? I exceeded the hundred increment rule."

Three girls who were duking it out a while ago almost spat out blood after hearing the young girl's reply. They didn't know whether to laugh or cry at the young lady's common sense.

Even the auctioneer could feel beads of sweat forming on his forehead. He had hosted many auctions in the past, but this was the first time that he had encountered a customer like the tiger-masked girl.

Suddenly, a heartfelt laughter erupted from the stage of the auction room.

William held his stomach as he laughed out loud.. He didn't expect his adorable wife to be capable of making people want to kill themselves just by saying a few innocent words.