Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 773 - Say Hello To My Little Friends

"Y-You! Who invited you to this auction?!" the bird-masked lady shouted. "Are you making fun of us?"

The tiger-masked lady shook her head. "No. Don't worry. I have money. Do you want me to add two coins instead of one? Okay. Twenty-eight thousand one-hundred and two. There!"

The cat-masked lady was about to throw a fireball at the irritating little tiger, but the people serving her immediately stopped her from doing so.

The auctioneer knew that if this continued, their auction house would become a big joke to the people of the underworld, so he decided to step forward and handle the situation.

"Young Miss, if possible, can you take this bidding seriously?" the handsome middle-aged man asked. "You are making things difficult for everyone. I'm sorry, but if you don't bid properly, we will have no choice but to ask you to leave the auction house."

The tiger-masked lady pouted behind her mask as she shifted her gaze to the auctioneer who was looking at her with an unfriendly gaze.

"Didn't you say that the increment for each bid should be a hundred coins?" the tiger-masked lady asked back.

"Yes. I did."

"Then you're the one at fault. I'm just bidding according to your words."

"But, Young Miss, there is this thing called 'reading the mood'. Surely, you know about this thing, right?"

The tiger-masked lady shook her head. "No. You were the one who was in the wrong. If you said that the increment should be a thousand gold coins each time then I would have done that. However, you said the increment should be done in the hundreds. I'm just doing what you told us."

"But…"

"I am a paying customer. Customer is always right."

"But…"

"Just because you are older than me you think you can bully me? What kind of auction is this? Is this the way you treat your customers? Big Sister, that old man is bullying me."

"There there. Don't mind him. We should be more understanding of plebeians. Maybe he doesn't have enough money to buy clothes. Don't worry, I will give him a few coins later."

The auctioneer became speechless because he didn't know how to proceed. Not only was the young girl calling him out for the words he said, but the older one actually called him a plebeian in front of everyone in the auction room.

An awkward silence descended in the room. In a special VIP room overlooking the entire auction house, Marquis Grayson looked at this scene with a dumbfounded expression.

Even Brock, who had brought William to the auction house, couldn't keep the corner of his lips from twitching.

After recovering his composure, Grayson communicated with the members of the Dark Guild to politely escort the two ladies out of the auction house. He was sure that none of his guests would mind him sending the two girls away.

"You sure invited some interesting nobles, Lord Grayson," Brock commented after Grayson finished giving his subordinates his orders.

"Well, we get some weirdos from time to time," Grayson replied as he cleared his throat. Although there had indeed been a few incidents in the past auctions, there was nothing that could compare to what he had seen today.

Grayson then communicated with the auctioneer and gave him the order to continue the auction. All of the guests he invited were influential people and he hoped that all of them could turn a blind eye to this unexpected turn of events. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

William shook his head helplessly when he saw the masked Lilith and Chiffon being escorted out of the VIP seats.

"I apologize for this small mishap," the auctioneer said after wiping the sweat on his forehead with a handkerchief. "Let's continue the bidding."

Just as the ladies were about to throw their bids, the Half-Elf stepped forward.

"No," William stated. "This farce ends here."

Before anyone could understand the meaning behind his words, the Half-Elf casually broke the shackles that bound him.

William then turned towards the auctioneer and reached out his hand to grab him.

"Stop! I order you to kneel on the floor!" the auctioneer ordered.

The slave collar on William's neck glowed once, and the latter ceased all actions.

The auctioneer breathed in a sigh of relief as his face contorted in anger.

"Kneel! I order you to kneel!" The auctioneer pointed at William. In order to prevent any mishaps, he was given some authority to order the slaves that were wearing the slave collars inside the auction house.

"Okay." William smirked. "Since you want to kneel that badly, I will let you kneel."

Before the auctioneer could do anything, William appeared behind his back and pressed his hand on the middle-aged man's shoulder.

"Go ahead and kneel," William ordered as he pushed his hands down.

Immediately, a strong pressure descended upon the auctioneer which made his body collapse. The Half-Elf held him in place, forcing him to kneel on the ground.

William then glanced at the surroundings and gave everyone a devilish smile. He then raised his hand and tore the slave collar off his neck, as if it was just a piece of paper.

"I came here to do one thing, and one thing only," William stated. "And that is… to make all of you regret your decision for coming here today."

Several portals appeared all around the auction house and the smile on William's face grew wider.

"Say hello to my little friends," William sneered as dozens of monsters flooded out of the portals. The bodies of the guards that were present in the auction house shuddered because they clearly felt the strength of the monsters that were coming out of the portals around them.

Brock's and Lord Grayson's faces paled when they, too, realized that the auction house had been invaded by Centennial and Millennial Ranked Beasts.

Only one thought appeared on everyone's head and that was to…

"Run!"

No one knew who said that word, but it was more than enough to snap everyone out of their daze. The auction house immediately descended into chaos, as everyone ran for their lives.

William's loud laughter echoed behind them as the monsters in his King's Legion tore the entire place apart.