Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 774 - Wait! Don’t You Know How To Count?!

"Just where did these monsters come from?!"

"Stop talking and just run to the exit!"

"Where are the Elders that protect this place?! Why aren't they doing anything?!"

"Doesn't this place have any defenses? Why is it being overrun by monsters?!"

"Truedawn City focused its defense on an outside invasion, not an invasion from within. If you value your life, stop talking and just run!"

Complete pandemonium had erupted inside the auction house as hundreds of monsters flowed out of the portals in droves.

"Dammit!" Lord Grayson hurriedly opened the secret passage in his personal VIP Room. Although Truedawn City had experts protecting it, most of them were Adamantium and Black Ranked Warriors.

There were only two Saint-Ranked warriors in the whole city, however they were only at the initial stages of the Saint Rank, so they were only as strong as Millennial Beasts in their middle stages.

Brock followed behind Lord Grayson and escaped through the secret passage, along with the Marsquiss' bodyguards. Since the monsters were rampaging inside the city, his safest option was to follow Lord Grayson till they reached the base of the mountain.

"Remember, only incapacitate the members of the Dark Guilds and members of the Underworld," William ordered his legion via telepathy. "As for the rest of the people, herd them towards the exit. There will be a surprise waiting for them outside."

The Monsters gave William an affirmative reply as they wreaked havoc around them. They were not mindless beasts that wantonly killed people.

As William was about to pursue the Big Bosses of Truedawn City, he heard a call from behind him.

"Will!" Chiffon called out as she ran towards him.

Lilith was not far behind with a dumbfounded expression on her face. Although she had heard that William could control a monster army, this was the first time that she had seen it in action.

The powerful aura of the monsters made her realize that all of them were high-ranking beasts. Although they were only of the Centennial and Millennial Rank, thousands of them appearing all at once would give any major force in the Central Continent a big headache.

"It's going to get a bit messy in here, Chiffon," William said as he patted her head. "Do you want to fight alongside me?"

Chiffon nodded. "Un!"

William kissed her and the pink-haired girl turned into particles of light, which flew towards the gem on his chest.

Soon, a golden flame appeared on William's forehead and his aura became more powerful.

Lilith, who watched this scene, became slack-jawed because she could feel Chiffon's power emanating from William's body. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

'H-How can this be?!' Lilith gasped in shock. 'He can merge with the Deadly Sins?!'

As a member of the Seven Deadly Sins, Lilith was quite knowledgeable about their circumstances. There had never been any written record of someone who could use the Divinity of the Seven Deadly Sins by merging with them.

It was completely unheard of!

William gave the dumbfounded Amazon Princess a side-long glance before flying out of the action house's broken roof. Optimus had already placed markers on Lord Grayson, Byron, and Skipper.

The Half-Elf had no intention of letting any of them go, so he left the scene after giving his Kings Legion some reminders.

"Hello, little girl," Psoglav said as it appeared beside Lilith and grinned at her. "William said that you specialize in finding treasures. He asked me to raid the treasury of this underground city. Do you want to cooperate with us?"

Lilith was quite familiar with Psoglav because she had seen the Demonic Dog knock them out one by one during the fight against the Dryad.

"Sure, but I want a seventy-thirty split," Lilith replied. "I get 70, you guys get 30."

"Sixty-forty, or no deal." Psoglav replied. "We get sixty, you get forty. William said that if you refuse, he will not take you to the Forbidden Ground to play."

Lilith was about to reject the offer, but after pondering for a bit, she realized that going to the forbidden ground would yield greater treasures compared to the underground city.

"Fine," Lilith said through gritted teeth. The Amazon knew that she needed to work together with William in order to earn some brownie points. As long as she got her share, getting the smaller piece of the pie was acceptable.

—--

At the Lord's Mansion located on the north end of the City…

"Damn! How could you do this to me, Brock?" Grayson complained as he collected the valuable items in his treasury. "Why did you bring that menace to the underground city?!"

Brock's face had already turned ashen. It never crossed his mind that the Half-Elf that he had caught not long ago was a wolf in sheep's clothing. When he had captured William wandering the borders of the City of Alabaster, he thought that he had struck the jackpot.

Elves and Half-Elves had always been in demand in the Black Market, so getting those races would definitely give him a good sum, once they were sold in the auctions. Not once did he think that instead of bringing in a sheep for the slaughter, he had actually invited a calamity inside their stronghold.

Now, all the ringleaders of Truedawn City were trying to escape like wild ducks that had heard the sound of gunshot.

They knew that even if they mobilized their forces to defend the city, it would be all for naught. Everyone was busy trying to escape with their lives, and had already thought of abandoning the city.

"We should leave, My Lord," one of Lord Grayson's bodyguards said. "The Monster Army is almost here. Right now, their numbers have already increased to tens of thousands. This is the end of Truedawn City."

Lord Grayson clenched his fist in anger, but there was nothing he could do but flee. However, just as he was about to lead everyone to the secret passage that would take them to the base of the mountain, the roof above their heads crumbled.

When the dust settled, everyone in the room stared at the newcomer that had appeared and was looking at them with a teasing smile.

"Who are you?!" Lord Grayson. "Why are you doing this?!"

William ignored the Marquis as he waved his hand.

Several energy balls, the size of bowling balls, slammed into the bodyguards that were standing beside Lord Grayson.

The guards were caught by surprise. The next thing they knew, all of them had slammed against the wall and their vision was turning dark.

"Only the two of you are left," William said. "Ah! Don't even think about bribing me with money, lands, position, or women, like third rate villains. That won't work on me."

Lord Grayson almost choked because that was exactly what he was planning to do. He could tell that the red-headed teenager was strong. All of his guards were of the Black-Rank and all of them were sent flying before they could even do anything.

This just showed that the Half-Elf was stronger than them, so he had no choice but to try his luck and do his best to negotiate.

"Young man, everyone has a price," Lord Grayson replied. "I can give you anything you want. I am a Marquis of the Aiur Empire. Regardless of what it is, I will give it to you!"

"Really? Will you give me anything I want?"

"Yes!"

William smirked. "Then give me all your storage rings and storage bags. I will only count to ten. If those items are not in my possession, I will be taking them by force."

"One…"

"Two…"

"Five…"

"Eight!"

"Wait! Don't you know how to count?!" Lord Grayson cursed out loud. He then hastily threw his storage rings and storage bags at the floor in order to appease the Half-Elf that was emitting killing intent towards them.

Lord Grayson was trying to buy time so that he could activate the long-distance artifact in his possession. But, he would need at least four seconds to activate it.

Time that the Half-Elf didn't plan to give him.

William snapped his fingers and an icicle spear jutted out of the ground, hitting the artifact that was hidden in Lord Grayson's left chest pocket.

The artifact was destroyed instantly, and the Marquis cried out in pain after getting stabbed in the chest.

Lord Grayson took a few steps back while pressing his hand over the wound on his chest. He looked fearfully at William who was walking in his direction.

"N-No! Don't kill me!" Lord Grayson pleaded. "Have mercy!"

"You don't deserve mercy," William said with contempt. "What you deserve is death."

William stomped on the ground and several ice spears pierced Lord Grayson's, and Brock's body, seriously injuring them.

Suddenly, ice spread outward from their wounds, slowly covering their entirety in ice.

In the end, only their heads were left untouched. They looked at William in horror because no matter what they did, they couldn't break free from the icy prison that had trapped them.

"Don't worry. I will not be the one to end your lives," William smiled evilly. "I will let the slaves that you captured deal with both of you. I'm sure that they will give both of you the VIP treatment that you deserve."

Brock stared at William with unwillingness and regret. If only he hadn't captured the Half-Elf in front of him due to greed, his lifestyle might have remained unchanged. Now, it was too late.

He knew that if the slaves get their hands on them, He and the Marquis would suffer a very long and painful death.