Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Chapter 775 - I Don’t Care Who You Are, Who You Know, Or Where You’re From

Several members of the Dark Guilds lay on the grounds moaning in pain. They were the warriors that the Underworld had dispatched in order to deal with the monsters that had suddenly appeared inside the Auction House.

What they didn't know was that they weren't only dealing with a few monsters. When they realized that they were up against thousands, it was already too late to run away.

Although William had ordered his Kings Legion to incapacitate the members of the Dark Guilds, he didn't tell them to simply knock them unconscious.

The order that the Half-Elf had given them was this.

"You can do whatever you want, as long as they're still breathing. Don't touch the buyers in the auction house, just chase them towards the exit of the city. Everyone else is fair game."

Because of this, the Monsters didn't hold back. Some of them broke the warrior's arms and legs, others tore them off their bodies.

Psoglav thrashed his Dark Whip around his surroundings, while gnawing on a dismembered arm that belonged to an Adamantium Ranked Warrior who had attacked him earlier.

"Hah, so troublesome," Kasogonaga said as he walked beside Psoglav. The rainbow-colored anteater didn't join the fight and simply observed the carnage around him. "Turning this place upside down doesn't pose any kind of challenge. All the enemies are weak."

Psoglav chuckled as it brandished its whip to grab a warrior who was about to run away. It then slammed the warrior to the ground repeatedly until the latter fainted.

"It's not that the enemies are weak." Psoglav corrected. "We just became stronger."

Psoglav then stomped on the warrior's legs, and hands, breaking them completely. If it didn't accompany William in his journey, it might have never climbed the rank that it had now.

Any of the warriors that the Dark Guilds had dispatched was strong enough to kill his former self. Now, he could trample all of them with ease.

"True," Kasogonaga agreed.

After it had escaped its icy prison, its rank had degraded. If not for William, clearing out the magic crystals in the Kyrintor Mountains, the rainbow-colored Anteater would have definitely remained trapped in time, unable to awaken from its slumber.

"Almost all the residents have evacuated," Psoglav glanced at its surroundings. "Time for the next phase of the plan."

"Can we really trust that Amazon?"

"Relax. Aethon, B1, and B2 are raiding the treasury alongside her. Those birds have a good memory and that girl will not be able to play any dirty tricks while they are around."

"I hope you're right," Kasogonaga replied.

—---

"Do I look good?"

"Chirp!"

"How about me?"

"Chirp!"

The two dumb birds were wearing golden necklaces on their bodies like gangsters.

"Oh this ring looks good on my claw," B1 said in appreciation. "How about you Aethon? Do you want some?"

The little Wren shook its head as it chirped at the two dumb birds who had decked their bodies out with various accessories.

Lilith who was busy removing the various traps in the treasury could feel her face twitching. This was the first time she had seen birds act in this manner.

'They're like William,' Lilith thought. 'A bunch of posers!'

The four of them had fought their way towards the treasury and knocked out all of the guards that blocked their way.

Lilith had gotten a bit of understanding as to what the two birds were capable of, and it unnerved her.

When facing opponents, the birds would fire magic missiles that came from those so-called "Lollipops" that she was seeing for the first time in her life.

When the charges of the lollipops run out, they would hurl bottles of acids at their enemies that were strong enough to melt steel.

If given the choice, Lilith didn't want to face these birds in battle. Not only did they hurl all kinds of dangerous items at their enemies, they also insulted and cursed them with vulgarities.

She became speechless when the red bird, B1, even cursed one of the Black-Ranked Warriors up their thirteenth generation. The man had gone insane and attacked B1 with the intention of perishing together.

Unfortunately, the Dumb Bird was now a Pseudo-Centennial Beast, and was strong enough to slap the assailant away with its wing.

"Oi! Keep those hands moving!" B1 glanced at Lilith who would stare at their direction from time to time. "We still have a dozen more locations to visit. Put your back into it!"

"That's right," B2 commented from the side.

"Oh, this tiara will look good on our Chiffon. Let's give this to her later."

"Indeed. Our Chiffon is the best."

"Chirp!"

Lilith was very tempted to hurl the treasure chest she was trying to unlock at the two dumb birds and bury them with its weight.

Fortunately, she was able to stop herself in time.

'Just you wait,' Lilith thought as the lock in her hands broke apart. 'I'll make William pay for this.'

—-

"Achooo!"

William rubbed his nose while watching Chiffon smash the treasure chests using Sharur. Unlike Lilith, who had the ability to unlock any kind of traps and chests, the pink-haired girl opted to use the Smasher of Thousands to forcefully bash the treasure chests that were stored in the warehouse of one of the Big Shots of the City.

Most of the members of the Dark Guilds had been dealt with. After their rampage ended, the members of William's King's Legion started to pillage the entire city.

The Requiem Antz that had transformed into lobsters and crabs diligently took everything of value back to the Thousand Beast Domain. Even the tables and chairs didn't escape their grasp!

< Will, the nobles and other non combatants that escaped have all been captured by the border patrols that encircled the mountains. >

"Good," William replied. The Half-Elf then sent his legion an order to double their pace in clearing out the items inside the city. He planned to ransack it to the ground and leave nothing for the army of Alabaster who had arrived to assist them in their operation.

A few hours ago, Chiffon and Lilith had gone to the City of Alabaster to make their report. The Amazon Princess went straight to the embassy of the Ares Empire and asked them to help her communicate with the various forces in the city.

At first, the Army of the City was skeptical about her claims. However, after knowing that she was the Princess of the Ares Empire, they thought that listening to her report was the least that they could do.

However, when she told them that there was a slave trading city near them, everyone went bonkers and pressed her for more information.

Since the city was a gathering place of the different races, they hated slave traders to the core. Once Lilith had told them that there was an underground city that sold slaves near their territory, they decided to mobilize their troops to surround the mountain, in order to purge the bastards from their Domain once and for all.

"Don't you know who I am?!" a captured noble screamed at the top of his lungs. "I am a good friend of the Prince of Rinoa! You can't touch me!"

"I am the daughter of a count! Get your filthy hands off me!"

"Release me! You mongrel, release me!"

A burly Tigerkin who was over two-meters tall had his arms crossed over his chest as he watched his men tie up the nobles that had escaped from the mountain.

Due to the commotion that had happened inside the city. All the defenders that were keeping a lookout for outside forces, hastily entered the city to check what was happening.

The Army of Alabaster used this opportunity to storm the front door and lay an ambush, capturing everyone that was headed to the exit.

They couldn't believe that an underground city was built so close to their city. If not for the Angray Birds that led them to the hidden entrance, they would have overlooked it completely.

"Commander, we managed to capture over five hundred nobles, as well as a thousand slave workers," a Half-Elf reported.

The anger in her eyes was evident. If not for the strict discipline that had been imposed on them by their Commander, she might have already started killing the people who dared to break the taboo of their Domain.

"Take two hundred men and scout the interior," the Tiger-kin ordered. He then grabbed Skipper, who had also been captured by his subordinates, by the neck and stared into his eyes hatefully. "You will guide my men to free the slaves that you have imprisoned. Do you understand?"

Skipper gasped for breath as the Tiger-kin strangled his neck. Only when he was about to lose consciousness did the Tiger-kin throw him to the ground.

"Go," the Tiger-kin ordered. "Save our brothers and sisters from this hell."

"Yes, Sir!" the Half-Elf saluted before dragging Skipper towards the underground city.

The Tiger-kin watched until their backs disappeared in the distance. He then eyed the people that they had captured with a feral gaze.

"I don't care who you are, who you know, or where you're from," the TIger-kin said in a voice that was laced with killing intent. "There is only one thing that all of you should know. Everyone here will be punished according to our laws. There will be no exceptions!"

The faces of the nobles paled after hearing the Tiger-kin's words. They knew that the punishment for the slave traders was death, and many years of imprisonment for the slave buyers.

Their only hope was for their family members to come and bail them out. But, even then, the price they had to pay as compensation would amount to no less than a million gold coins. If their families couldn't pay this amount, they would be imprisoned for an indefinite amount of time.

The Tiger-kin snorted as he ordered his men to be on high alert. He didn't know what caused these people to flee from the underground city.. All he knew was that whoever was responsible for dealing this deadly blow to the slave traders, would be the friend of the Port City of Alabaster for life.