Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 776 - Dream An Impossible Dream

Barracks located inside the Port City of Alabaster…

"It's my honor to meet you, William Von Ainsworth," the Tiger-kin Commander, Whitefang, said with a smile. "I didn't think that the most famous member of the young generation would not only enter our Domain, but help us rid ourselves of a thorn that was growing right under our nose. We are truly grateful for your help."

"The pleasure is mine, Commander," William replied. "I couldn't possibly turn a blind eye to these bastards who are harming the lives of our people. My only regret is that I can't wipe them all off from the face of the Central Continent."

White Fang looked at William with admiration. There had been some merchants from the City of Alabaster that regularly visited the Tower of Babylon.

When they heard that William had kicked the ruling families that promoted slave trading from the tower, the Half-Elf's name had been the talk of the town for the past few weeks.

Most of them wanted to get the chance to meet the red-headed teenager, but due to their duties, they couldn't leave their posts.

Fortunately, he visited their Domain and even helped them with the slave traders who were active near their borders.

White Fang's Vice Commander, Haleth, the beautiful Half-Elf with blonde hair and green eyes, looked at William with a beet-red face.

"Sir William, are you planning to stay in the city?" Haleth said in a voice that was laced with adoration. "If you don't mind, I can be your tour guide during your stay. Commander, can I ask for a vacation leave? I would like to guide Sir William around our territory."

White Fang glanced at his subordinate's pleading gaze and chuckled internally.

"I never thought I'd see the day when our pretty Haleth would act like a lady," White Fang teased. "You've always acted like a tomboy when you're with us, but as soon as Sir William arrives in our city, you become all lady-like again. What kind of sorcery is this?"

"Commander!" Haleth glared at the burly Tiger-kin who was grinning at her.

White Fang then patted his chest and gave Haleth the "Leave this to me" wink, which made the Half-Elf's already red face even redder.

"Commander, we came here to the city to re-supply our food rations," William said with a smile. "At most, we can only stay here for two days before we resume our travels."

Disappointment flashed across Haleth's face when she heard that her idol was planning to leave the city in two days. However, this expression only lasted for a brief moment before she returned to her normal state.

"Two days? What's the rush?" White Fang asked. For him, Haleth was like a little sister. He thought that since William was also a Half-Elf, Haleth and him had a lot in common, since both of them were Half-Elves.

"There is a place that I need to visit, and I want to go there as soon as possible," William replied. "However, since this is a rare opportunity, I can stay for another day or two to see the attractions of the City of Alabaster."

White Fang nodded in understanding. He then thought of a way to use this short period of time to pull some strings in the background. Although it might be a longshot, it was quite possible that sparks would fly between the two Half-Elves if he gave both of them a little push.

'I didn't think that I would play matchmaker in this manner,' White Fang mused as he glanced at the two Half-Elves that were smiling at each other.

After thinking things through, he decided to give Haleth a chance and decided to give her a few days off.

"Haleth, from today onwards, you will be Sir William's tour guide," White Fang ordered. "This will be your mission, so make sure that you accomplish this mission at all cost!"

"Y-Yes, Sir!" Haleth stuttered as she gave White Fang a salute.

Chiffon and Lilith looked at the overly excited blonde Half-Elf whose face had reddened once again.

"Sir William, since you will be staying here for a few days, please, allow me to take you to the best inn in the city," Haleth proposed. "I promise that you will not be disappointed."

William smiled and nodded his head. "Thank you. I'll be in your care. Please, lead the way."

"Understood!" Haleth unconsciously saluted William out of habit which made White Fang burst in laughter.

After that brief episode in the Barracks, Haleth led William, and the two ladies accompanying him, to the inn called Shaking Nut Tavern. The medium-sized inn was located not far from the city center, which made it the ideal place to stay if you were a traveler.

"How many rooms do you plan to have, Sir William?" Haleth asked as she gave Chiffon and Lilith a side-long glance.

Both girls were exceptional beauties in their own right.

Lilith had a valiant appeal, and her sun-kissed skin was radiating with youth and energy. Since she was a warrior, her body was fit and no excess fat could be seen anywhere. She also had curves in the right places, which made the men they met along the way turn their heads to look at her in appreciation. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Chiffon, on the other hand, stood out because of her cuteness. Her small height, and her overall appeal makes people want to give her a hug. Even Haleth found it hard to resist the little girl's innocent charms.

As part of the army that managed the safety of the City of Alabaster, Haleth's observation skills were second to none. She could tell if one was an evil-doer with a glance, and this ability of hers had allowed the patrolling army to capture suspicious individuals before they could even manage to do their nefarious deeds.

"Two rooms," William replied. "One room with an extra large bed."

"I see…," Haleth nodded her head in understanding. "We'll do that then."

After observing Chiffon and Lilith for a while, she found out that there seemed to be a distance between Lilith and William. This made Haleth a little happy because for her, the one with the highest threat among the two girls was Lilith.

With that said, Haleth couldn't help but feel envious at the special treatment that Chiffon received from William.

The way the red-headed teenager held the young lady's hand, as well as the way he looked at Chiffon, made her jealous. It was very obvious that William truly cared for her, and Haleth wished that she could take the young lady's place.

Of course, this was only in her mind. For her, William was the idol of all Half-Elves. A man that wouldn't turn a blind eye to the evil of the world and would use force to mete out justice to those who deserved it.

William was like the moon in the sky during night time. He seemed so close that one could reach out to hold him, and yet, those same hands wouldn't be able to hold anything.

'Hah, who am I kidding? This is impossible,' Haleth side as she tried to curb the fantasy that was starting to play in her head. 'Get a grip, Haleth. You should face reality. Don't dream an impossible dream.'

Using all of her willpower, she did her best to push down the budding feelings in her heart. For now, she would treasure these precious feelings. Haleth knew that after William left the City of Alabaster, the chances of meeting him again would be very slim.

Since that was the case, she would just do her job and guide him properly.. That way, these beautiful memories of seeing her idol would remain in her heart, till the end of time.