Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 778 - Do I Look Amazing Enough For You To Surrender Your Seed?

After breakfast, Haleth took William, Chiffon, and Lilith for a tour around the city.

As the trade capital of the West, it had many shops and boutiques that catered to people of all ages.

There were also many specialty dishes that came from all over the world, which made Chiffon very happy. The little glutton sampled as many as she could, including snacks and desserts, which made Haleth wonder where all the food that she had eaten had gone.

"Chiffon, you've been eating since we've left," Health said anxiously. "Are you sure you're going to be fine? Sir William said that you'll be staying here for two days, so you don't have to force yourself to taste everything."

"Big Sister, I'll be fine," Chiffon replied before taking a bite of a croquette that William had just bought for her. "No matter how much I eat, I won't gain any weight."

"H-How envious. I can't eat as much as you, or else my figure will be destroyed," Haleth said enviously. "In the future, you should eat moderately, Chiffon. What will you do if you suddenly become fat and Sir William won't like you anymore."

Chiffon almost dropped the croquette in her hands in panic. She then looked at William with an anxious look, which made the red-headed teenager chuckle.

"Don't worry, even if you become a little chubby, I won't mind." William patted the pink-haired girl's head. "So, eat as much as you want."

"Will it really be okay if I become as fat as Mama Adephagia?"

"... Y-Yes."

Chiffon smiled as she happily bit into the croquette in her hands. Ever since she had lost her mother, the Goddess of Gluttony had treated her like a real daughter. Because of this, Chiffon and Adephagia were really close, and was also why the Goddess of Gluttony went out of her way to make her daughter happy.

William watched his little wife eat one croquette after the other with a smile. But, deep inside, he vowed that he would not allow Chiffon to become as fat as the Goddess of Gluttony, who even threatened to sit on his head if he ever made Chiffon cry.

Lilith watched this scene with a calm expression as she strolled the city with her three companions. What the three didn't know was that she was also talking to her Patron Goddess, Mammon, as they explored the sights and sounds of the City of Alabaster.

"Lilith, the Forbidden Ground is a dangerous place, but it also holds great opportunities," Mammon said. "When you venture inside it, pay attention to your surroundings. The Dryad that you faced is nothing compared to the Monsters that reside inside it."

"Are there Myriad Beasts inside the Seventh Sanctum?" Lilith inquired. She had heard that the Forbidden Ground were dangerous places, but she didn't know how truly dangerous they were.

"Myriad Beasts are the least of your worries," Mammon answered. "Although I can't tell you exactly what you can encounter inside the Seventh Sanctum, know that utmost caution is required. I know that you and William plan to look for treasures, but do you really think that it is going to be that easy? If both of you think that way then I can only say that the two of you are naive."

Lilith nodded. "I will do my best to be careful. Thank you for the reminders, Your Excellency."

"Good. also, tell that Half-Elf that he shouldn't be too overconfident when he enters the Forbidden Ground. There are places where brute strength will not be enough to save him."

"Understood."

—--

Four hours later…

William rented a medium-sized boat, and all of them went on a boat cruise. They even visited a small island two miles away from the port, and stayed there for lunch.

"What is that dress that Chiffon is wearing?" Haleth asked while pointing at Chiffon who was wearing a one-piece pink swimsuit with a frilly skirt. The pink-haired girl was letting the waves wash over her feet. Clearly, she was enjoying this weird sensation of the sand slipping past her feet.

"That's called a swimsuit," William said.

"One-piece swimsuit?"

"Yes. A swimsuit. Do you want to wear one?"

"I think I'll pass." Haleth shook her head. She was a conservative type, and someone that didn't want to show a lot of skin to people. This was why she preferred wearing her uniform even though she acted as the tour guide for William's group.

"That swimsuit looks interesting. Can I try wearing one?" Lilith asked.

"Are you sure?" William asked back.

Lilith nodded. "Yes. Since we're the only people on this island, I don't mind giving it a shot."

William observed the Amazon from head to foot. As an Amazon, Lilith's clothes showed a lot of skin, which made the red-headed teenager nod his head in approval.

"Okay, give me a second," William replied. He then pretended to look at the contents of his storage ring while Optimus bought a two piece bikini from the God Shop.

After a minute, William passed the two pieces of clothing to Lilith which made Haleth blush like there was no tomorrow.

"W-Wait, isn't that just underwear? Haleth asked. "Sir William, please, don't tease Lilith." 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

William wagged his finger at the beet-red faced young lady. "That is not underwear. That is a two-piece swimsuit."

Lilith glanced at the swimsuit in her hands before glancing back at William. She then went to the boat in order to change her clothes, leaving the slack-jawed Haleth behind.

"Will, let's play," Chiffon said as she pulled William towards the water.

Haleth watched as the two started to frolic and splash water at each other. Chiffon's childish giggles reverberated in the air, which made the pretty Half-Elf sigh in envy.

She wished that she could do the same with William, but unfortunately, she didn't have the courage to wear skimpy clothing.

Suddenly, something appeared at the corner of her vision, and the pretty Half-Elf turned her head to the side.

She couldn't help but gasp at the Amazon whose lean and toned body made her jealous.

'H-How can she show herself like that in front of a man?' Haleth couldn't believe what she was seeing.

William also noticed Lilith's approach and the latter gave the Amazon an appraising gaze before giving her two thumbs up in his heart.

'Indeed, a beautiful girl will look good in anything they wear,' William thought as he eyed the Amazon who was walking towards him with a confident smile.

Lilith's skin was lightly tanned, and the red swimsuit highlighted her body perfectly.

William had long gained some kind of immunity when it came to beautiful women because all of his wives were beautiful. Not only that, he had also seen them in their birthday suits.

Although Lilith wasn't as beautiful as Princess Sidonie, and Celine, her appeal was more than enough to make any man wish that she was their girlfriend.

Also, the regal warrior aura that she radiated and the confident smile on her face made her a bonafide headturner. Even William had to admit that Lilith was an exotic beauty that was different from his wives.

"Well, how do I look?" Lilith inquired.

"You look amazing," William replied honestly.

"Do I look amazing enough for you to surrender your seed?"

"On second thought…"

Lilith chuckled when she heard the Half-Elf taking back his words. She clearly saw the appreciation on William's face, and for some reason, it made her happy.

The Amazon Princess wasn't someone who actively sought the recognition of others, but William's reply was enough for her to feel confident about herself.

'So, he finds me attractive as well,' Lilith thought. 'Too bad the two of us are not alone on this island.'

Lilith glanced at Chiffon who was also staring at her body. The Amazon thought that the little girl would feel inferior because Lilith was more sexy than her.

However, no trace of jealousy or envy could be seen in Chiffon's innocent gaze. For a brief moment, Lilith even felt a sense of peace in the pink-haired girl's eyes as she appraised her from a distance.

Lilith was not aware that Chiffon had been able to throw away all of her insecurities after she had become William's wife. The little glutton knew that William loved her for who she was, so she stopped worrying about competing with his other wives.

Although her chest wasn't as big as Celine's, and her face wasn't as beautiful as Princess Sidonie's, Chiffon no longer cared.

After William and Chiffon were satisfied with looking at the eye candy before them, the two decided to head back out to the sea to swim.

Lilith felt competitive and joined the two, and the three of them swam far from the shore… leaving a pitiful Half-Elf to stand alone at the beach, all by herself.