Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 786 - A Treasure That Belonged Only To Her

"What are the two of you doing here?" Lilith asked.

"I should be the one asking you that question. What are you doing here?" Princess Sidonie asked back.

Ian, who stood beside the beautiful Princess, looked at Lilith in surprise because she didn't expect to see the Amazon inside the Thousand Beast Domain.

Princess Sidonie and Ian knew how important this secret was to William. If the Half-Elf was forced to bring Lilith here, it meant only one thing, and that was that the Forbidden Ground was a truly dangerous place to be.

Lilith ignored Princess Sidonie's question and asked another question in return. "Aren't both of you supposed to be in the Academy? How did the two of you end up here?"

Princess Sidonie ignored Lilith's question and walked towards Charmaine who had just finished preparing dinner. She then dragged the Elf to the corner of the room, and asked her questions in hushed whispers.

Ian, on the other hand, asked Lilith what the Forbidden Ground was like.

Lilith wasn't in the mood to answer any questions, because none of her questions were being answered. In the end, she, too, ignored Ian and went to the dinner table to eat.

It was at that moment when Chiffon appeared in the living area. Ian took that opportunity to ask the pink-haired girl how they were faring inside the Forbidden Ground.

Lilith paid close attention to Ian and Chiffon's discussion. From what she observed, Chiffon and Charmaine didn't have surprised expressions when Princess Sidonie and Ian appeared.

That just proved that this was not the first time that this had happened, and Chiffon and Charmaine were already used to seeing Princess Sidonie and Ian suddenly appear inside the Thousand Beast Domain.

'If you think about it, this is nothing unusual,' Lilith thought. Since William was capable of bringing her to his personal Domain, it would just be as easy to bring anyone else inside it as well.

After Princess Sidonie and Ian got the general gist of things, they no longer asked Lilith anything and simply waited for William to arrive at the dining table.

Ten minutes later, the Half-Elf approached the dining table while stifling a yawn. Clearly, he was still exhausted and only came to the dining table because his wives had come to visit.

All of them ate in silence, and the only things that made sounds were the cutlery they used to eat.

After dinner, William talked to Lilith and told her that the outside world was still dangerous, and she had to stay inside the Villa for the time being.

Lilith nodded her head in understanding because she had personally experienced how dangerous the Forbidden Ground was. Also, she wanted to explore and investigate the Thousand Beast Domain in order to get a better understanding of it.

"You can go anywhere, except for the wide plains in the East," William said. "There is a colony of Antz there and they are still undergoing rehabilitation. If you venture into their territory, they might attack you even though I gave them explicit orders not to attack the residents of this Domain. For your own safety, just don't go there. Do you understand?"

"Okay," Lilith replied. "Still, I'm surprised you're not putting me under house arrest."

William smiled. "I already said that I am willing to trust you."

He then placed his hand on Lilith's shoulder and looked at her eyes.

"Am I wrong to trust you?" William inquired.

Lilith met William's gaze. His light-green eyes, and her own amber-colored-eyes stared at each other, unblinking.

"No," Lilith replied. "I will not break your trust."

At first, the Amazon wanted to tease William, but she felt that this was not the appropriate moment to do that. Since that was the case, she decided to answer with her honest feelings, and put this matter to rest.

"Thank you."

"C-Can I also call you, Will?"

The moment her words left her lips, Lilith immediately realized that she had spoken out of line. For a brief moment, she wanted to take back her words and tell William that she was just joking.

The Half-Elf, on the other hand, blinked once then twice before giving the flustered Amazon a smile.

"Of course," William replied. "I hope that the two of us can be good friends, Lilith."

William extended his hand for a handshake.

Lilith accepted the handshake and held William's hand firmly. After shaking it twice, both of them let go at the same time.

"Goodnight," William said. "See you tomorrow."

Lilith gave him a brief nod in return before lowering her head.

"Goodnight," Lilith replied before turning around to head back to the room that had been assigned for her use.

Princess Sidonie and Ian glanced at each other with a knowing gaze.

"What do you think?" Princess Sidonie asked.

Ian only gave a shrug. She trusted William, so whatever he decided in the future, she would definitely give him her full support.

Seeing her friend's attitude, Princess Sidonie rubbed her temple. Back then, she and Morgana had asked William to give them his babies. Seeing other women do the same made her realize how embarrassing it was.

< It's fine. You're too much of a worrywart, Sidonie. I can tell that Darling doesn't hold any special feelings for Lilith. >

'No. My worry isn't about Lilith becoming friends with William. I am just worried that her Divinity will suddenly go out of control. She carries the Sin of Greed. What if in the future, she would want William all to herself? When that time comes, you and I better be ready to put her in her place.'

< Don't worry. When that time comes, I'll be sure to go all out and make her understand the consequences of stealing our most important treasure. >

'As long as you understand.'

Princess Sidonie also didn't want to have any conflicts with Lilith. After meeting William, she had thrown away her desire for conquest and stopped making everyone submit to her will.

If she hadn't met the Half-Elf who had shown her what love was like, she might have ended up as the most vile creature in the world, who lorded above others through the power of her charm.

After sighing in her heart, she glanced at the pink-haired girl, who was looking back at her with a smile on her face.

"What's wrong, Chiffon?" Princess Sidonie asked.

Chiffon shook her head. "Nothing. I'm just glad that I met you and William."

"What is this all of a sudden?"

"I just feel blessed being with everyone that I love."

After saying those words, Chiffon walked towards William and held his left hand. The Half-Elf smiled and patted her head before looking back at Princess Sidonie and Ian.

Seeing her husband's love-filled gaze, Princess Sidonie understood what Chiffon meant when she said that she felt blessed being with everyone that she loved.

The beautiful Princess felt something warm spread inside her chest, as she too, moved towards William to hold his right hand.

"I love you, Will," Princess Sidonie whispered and kissed William's cheeks. "Let's go to our room. I think my Divinity is getting out of hand. You're going to help me treat it, right?"

"Of course," William replied as he gently squeezed Princess Sidonie's hand.

That night, inside William's room. The Half-Elf showered his three wives with his love.

Although he didn't know why Princess Sidonie and Ashe suddenly became assertive, he was more than happy to satisfy the overflowing love that they had for him.

While all this was happening, Lilith lay on her bed hugging a pillow as if her life depended on it. When she had set her sights on a treasure, an invisible mark that couldn't be detected would appear on their bodies.

It didn't matter if it was an object or a living person. As long as Lilith considered them to be a treasure, she would be able to know where they were no matter what.

This ability of hers also had some added bonus. Lilith would be able to see, hear, and feel anything around her marked object, as if she was the object herself.

Because of this ability, she had also accidentally discovered Ian's secret, which surprised her greatly.

However, that was the least of her concern. Lilith didn't know that marking William would let her feel things she had never felt before.

She didn't know that she would experience things she had never known before.

The Amazon Princess' face was already as red as a tomato, and her breathing had turned completely ragged. Although this wasn't her original intention, she was able to witness, and experience how William made love to his wives.

The incredible sense of pleasure was transferred to every fiber of her being. With every moan, Lilith felt her heart trembling. With every thrust, her body shuddered in ecstasy. Waves, upon waves of euphoric sensations assaulted her senses, making her unable to think properly.

'This is bad,' Lilith thought as her hands tried to quench the fire that had engulfed her entire body. 'I want this… I need this…'

Lilith's Divinity slowly awakened and a great yearning to obtain the Half-Elf bloomed inside her heart. In the past, she was just curious about William, but now… she was being consumed by the greed that took hold of her senses.

'Calm down,' Lilith said as she temporarily cut off her connection with William. She then used her willpower to resist the power of her Divinity that had suddenly erupted, catching her by surprise.

'Calm down. I must calm down…' Lilith closed her eyes as she panted for breath. 'I don't want him to hate me, so I must calm down.''

Lilith's amber eyes glowed as the Divinity inside her body surged. In the end, the Amazon Princess took out a vial from her storage ring.

She hastily drank its contents and closed her eyes.

'It is going to be okay,' Lilith thought. 'I am going to be okay.'

Lilith repeated these words inside her head over and over until the effects of the potion started to kick in. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

The drug was a very potent sleeping potion that would knock anyone unconscious for a few hours upon consumption. This was a medicine she had planned to use on William in order to drag him back to the Ares Empire when an opportunity presented itself.

Now, she was forced to consume this same potion in order to prevent her Divinity from getting out of control.

Soon, the Amazon Princess collapsed on the bed with tears streaming down her eyes. The potion had taken its effect, and the danger had been suppressed for the time being.

She hoped that when morning came, her craving would subside.. That way, she would be able to act normally in front of William, who was still unaware that the Amazon Princess had marked him as a treasure that belonged only to her.