Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 791 - Stranded In A Strange World

"Will, do you think that life is unfair?" a beautiful lady with black hair asked as she caressed the side of William's face.

"Yes," William replied as he looked at the lady's light-brown eyes with love. "Still, I am thankful that life allowed me to hold you in my arms like this. Are we really boyfriend and girlfriend now?"

"You don't want to be?"

"I want to be!"

The black-haired beauty smiled as she closed her eyes and raised her chin.

William looked at the love of his life, and lowered his head to kiss her soft lips, which made his heart shudder.

Since it was his first time kissing someone, William merely pressed his lips over hers for a few seconds before pulling back.

"They said that the first kiss would taste like honey," the black-haired beauty said as she opened her eyes. "They were lying."

William blinked as he looked at the lady in front of her. He was so nervous that he had forgotten what his first kiss tasted like. The only thing he remembered was how soft her lips were.

"What did it taste like then?" William asked in curiosity. He was dying to know the answer to his question as he stared at her face lovingly.

"It tastes like happiness," the young lady answered as he wrapped her arms around William's neck. "Can you make me happier than I am now?"

"Gladly." William kissed her forehead as he cupped her face.

"I love you, Belle."

"I love you too, Will."

Once again their lips met, and this time, William also tasted the happiness of kissing his beloved under the receding rays of the sunset.

—--

"Will!"

"Will! Wake up!"

"Open your eyes!"

"Will!"

William's eyes abruptly opened, and the first thing he saw was Lilith's worried face that was looking down at him.

The Half-Elf winced in pain as he held his head with his right hand. However, it was not only his head that was aching, he also felt a slight ache in his heart, as a hazy feeling escaped his senses.

William was very familiar with this feeling. It was the same sensation that he felt when parts of his past life vanished from his memories.

The Half-Elf sighed because he once again felt this discomforting sense of nothingness. It was as if there was a gaping hole inside his heart, making him have trouble breathing.

"Are you alright?" Lilith asked as she looked at William's pale face.

William nodded. "I'm fine. I just need a bit of time to recover."

The Half-Elf then looked at their surroundings in confusion. They seemed to be in a ruined city. But, what baffled him were the various tall structures in the distance that reminded William of skyscrapers from Earth.

"Where are we?" William asked.

Lilith shook her head. "I don't know. The last thing I remembered was falling on the river with you. When I woke up, we were already here."

The Amazon Princess shuddered when she remembered the scene of her falling towards the river.

She also remembered a pair of strong hands grabbing her body. After that, she found herself in William's embrace.

The moment they fell on the water, the two of them were enveloped in some kind of bubble, as they descended into the river's depths.

That was the last memory that Lilith remembered before waking up in this strange world that she was seeing for the first time.

William and Lilith were currently at a river bank, and right across them was a city in ruins.

The Half-Elf tried to stand up, but he couldn't put enough strength on his legs to support his body. Feeling helpless, William decided to use his Wind Magic to allow him to hover above the ground for the time being.

However, nothing happened.

William frowned as he once again activated his powers, but no response came from his body.

'Optimus, what's happening?' William asked.

No reply came which made the frown on William's face deepen. The Half-Elf then closed his eyes to look at his status page, but the only thing that greeted him was darkness.

The next thing he did was to access his Sea of Consciousness, but it also didn't bear any fruit.

William then raised his hand to open a portal to the Thousand Beast Domain, but just like his earlier attempts, that too yielded no result.

Lilith noticed what Wiliam was doing, so she immediately tried to use her power to summon crystals.

This time, it was Lilith's turn to frown as she tried to use her ability over and over again.

She then tried to open the storage rings, and storage bags in her possession but it was to no avail.

Finally, Lilith used her last resort and activated her Divinity. This time, she received a response but it was very faint. The only thing that she was able to do was vaguely detect treasures in their surroundings.

Aside from that, no other abilities seemed to work.

"We can't use our powers?" William muttered. It was not a question, but more of a realization of their current circumstance.

Lilith bit her lip because she, too, realized that her own Divinity was suppressed by the world they were in.

Before the two could get a better grip of their situation, they heard shouting in the distance. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

William and Lilith exchanged glances and the Amazon Princess hurriedly supported William's body, to help him walk.

As they struggled to make their way to the place where the shouts were getting stronger, they saw several people fighting against decaying bodies that greatly resemble zombies.

Curses and shouts permeated the surroundings as the people tried to hack the zombies with their bladed weapons. The two sides fought, but a glance was enough to tell them that the people were inexperienced in close combat.

They merely hacked like crazy lunatics who didn't want to become zombie food.

"Noooo! Ahhhh!" A man screamed as two zombies lunged on him and began biting into his flesh.

The other people screamed in fright as they were slowly being overwhelmed by the zombies that had locked all of them in an encirclement.

"Go and help them," William pleaded. "Leave me here for the time being. I can defend myself. In order to kill the zombies, you need to sever their heads from their bodies.

"Also, don't get too close to those who were bitten by the zombies. There's a chance that they might have been infected by the zombie virus and will soon turn into zombies as well."

"Okay," Lilith replied. Although she didn't understand what a Zombie Virus was, she still decided to listen to William's advice.

After letting the Half-Elf lean on a wall, Lilith took out the two short swords on her waist and ran to help the people who were screaming in fear.

With practiced movements, zombie heads started to roll on the ground as the Amazon Princess unleashed her deadly martial arts.

In this strange world where she couldn't use her powers, Lilith knew that only William, her strong body, and her martial prowess, were the only things she could depend on.

Five minutes later, the survivors looked at the young lady in disbelief and admiration.. Standing over a pile of corpses, with two short swords in her hands, she looked like a Goddess of War that had descended on the land to save them from the horrors that plagued their everyday lives.