Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 793 - Lilith’s Confusion

William laid down on the couch sideways, as he eyed the young lady who was humming a tune while preparing coffee in her makeshift kitchen.

Raizel was wearing sports wear that showed her amazing figure. Sensing that William was looking at her, she turned her head and gave William a wink, which made the Half-Elf feel awkward.

In the end, William decided to close his eyes to rest. When he and Lilith fell into the River of Samsara, he immediately switched his Job Class to Einherjar and prayed that his skill "One Who Breaks The Rules" would activate.

Fortunately, it did.

William and Lilith didn't enter the cycle of life and rebirth, but they had appeared in a post-apocalyptic world that was in ruins.

The Half-Elf had lost a very important memory to him in exchange for their safety. However, after shielding Lilith from the purplish waters, it also drained William's strength.

He also used the Flames of Purification which further weakened his already weaker body. The only way for William to regain his strength was to take a rest, and that was what he decided to do.

Lilith, who was sitting on a chair, glanced at William before shifting her attention back to the teenage lady who was carrying a tray in her hands.

She placed the tray on the small table, and personally handed a cup to Lilith.

After doing that, she approached Willam's couch and sat on the carpet. She then started to poke William's cheeks, nose, chin, and lips with her delicate finger.

William had already fallen into a deep sleep, so he wasn't bothered by the young lady who was poking his face to satisfy her curiosity.

Lilith sipped her coffee and watched this scene unfold. Half a minute later, she lowered the coffee cup on the table after she realized something important.

'Why am I not stopping her from taking advantage of Will's condition?' Lilith was inwardly shocked about this development.

She was very sure that if other women were to poke William's face in such a manner, she would probably break their finger without batting an eye.

However, not only did she not stop Raizel from poking William to oblivion, she also thought that this was a very "normal" occurrence.

'Did she use charm on me?' Lilith thought, but she immediately rejected this idea. She was the embodiment of Greed and the power of the Seven Deadly Sins didn't work on her.

Even Princess Sidonie, and Morgana, at their full power wouldn't be able to charm him even if they worked together.

Lilith took a deep breath to calm herself down before calling out to the red-haired young lady, who had sneakily kissed William's cheeks.

"Raizel, it is inappropriate for a teenage lady like you to kiss a sleeping man." Lilith scolded. "Let him rest. He is very tired."

Raizel turned around and crawled towards Lilith with a smile. She then placed her hands on the armchair and pulled herself up.

Before Lilith could even react to the girl's action, the young lady had already planted a kiss on her cheeks, which caught her by surprise.

"I feel so happy," Raizel said as she rested her head on Lilith's lap. "This is a very lonely place. Although I read the diary, I still can't believe that everything that was written there is true."

The young lady sighed as she hugged Lilith's legs like a pillow. Soon, her soft sleeper breaths reached Lilith's ears which made the latter's body stiffen.

She looked at the girl sleeping on her lap, before shifting her gaze at the sleeping Half-Elf on the couch. For some reason, she had the sudden urge to throw something at William in order to wake him up.

She wanted the Half-Elf to help her deal with the young lady who was treating her as a hug pillow.

In the end, she resolved herself to push Raizel away. However, the moment her hand touched the young lady's head, Lilith felt that she couldn't bear to push her away.

A few seconds later, Lilith let out a long depressing sigh. She then started to gently brush the young lady's hair with her hand, which made the latter's expression soften as she slept.

'Just what is going on?' Lilith thought helplessly as she continued to brush Raizel's smooth hair. 'I guess I'll ask for an explanation after she wakes up."

A few minutes later, Lilith leaned on her chair and closed her eyes to rest. Although her exhaustion wasn't as severe as William's the battle against the Black-Striped Terror Rats had taken a toll on her body as well.

Soon, the sound of three people sleeping spread across the room. Among them, the young lady with long red hair, snored without a care in the world.

—---

Port City of Alabaster…

White Fang scratched his head as he looked at the little fairy-like creature in front of him.

Chloee sat on top of the table and happily ate several pancakes without pause.

The little fairy had arrived carrying the crest of Hestia Academy, demanding their cooperation. Because of this, they had decided to treat her as a VIP Guest and seriously help her with her mission.

However, they didn't expect that the first order she would give them was to give her pancakes to eat.

Even Haleth, who was the calmest of them all, found this entire situation headache inducing. Chloee just focused on eating and would only talk to them when the pancakes on her plate were almost gone.

From the short pauses between eating, White Fang and Haleth managed to understand her reason for visiting their port city.

'Why is everyone looking for Sir William?' Haleth bit her lip in frustration. It was not long ago when one of the agents of Hestia Academy also asked them for information about the Half-Elf. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Since William didn't tell them where he was going, they decided not to pry into his personal matters. This had made the agents from Hestia Academy very upset, because they had failed to complete the mission that was given to them.

White Fang and Haleth thought that no more inquiries would arrive, but Chloee's arrival had made them realize the seriousness of the situation.

After prying a bit of information from the little fairy, they found out that there was a possibility that William had entered the Forbidden Ground.

This information made Haleth very anxious because several strong warriors and adventurers had failed to return after venturing into the Seventh Sanctum.

They knew that these treasure-seeking individuals used the City of Alabaster as a place to restock before challenging the Forbidden Ground in the hopes that they would strike it big when they returned.

Unfortunately, none of them had been seen since then and knowing that her idol might have ventured to that place, made Haleth curse William and his ancestors up to the fifth generation.

"Okay, I'm full," Chloee patted her belly and burped out loud. "You guys are good. Those pancakes were delicious."

White Fang and Haleth could only smile stiffly at their little guest.. They just hoped that while she was here, the little fairy would not turn the Port City of Alabaster upside down in search of the Half-Elf who had disappeared without a trace.