Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 797 - The Haunting [Part 2]

The golden rope extended and descended upon the undead army like a raging storm. The undead who were unlucky to cross its path were instantly torn to pieces.

William jumped down from the roof of the stadium and smashed down on a Dullahan that was about to charge in Raizel's direction. Right now, he felt very powerful.

Usually when he drank the blood of others, his strength would get a significant boost that would last for a few hours.

However, because of the effect of the Black Tower, and red mist that seemed to heighten the powers of the undead, William's strength had increased drastically.

Even though he couldn't see his status page right now, he had a feeling that his Prestige Class, Vampiric Necromancer, had been forcefully equipped, giving him the strength of a Vampiric Prince.

The Dullahan weren't even able to form any kind of resistance as William smashed it to the ground, obliterating it completely.

The Deathknight that was close to the Dullahan brandished its sword at William, but the latter caught it with his left hand.

"Mind if I borrow your sword?" William asked with a devilish smile.

Without waiting for the Deathknight's answer, the Half-Elf pulled the undead close to him and used his fist to break its hands, freeing the sword in its grip.

With a weapon in hand, William twisted his body to the side and swung the sword heavily.

The Deathknight's head flew in the air as William severed it from its body.

As someone who had dealings with the undead, he knew that Higher-Undead were capable of reattaching their bodies together even if they were cut down. Because of this, William didn't give the Deathknight any opportunity, and stomped on its head, shattering it to pieces.

'Two down.' William smirked as he scanned the Undead Army, looking for the strong undeads that lead the army.

He gave Raizel a side-long glance before running towards his new target. The beautiful warrior was busy fighting against the normal zombies and skeleton soldiers.

It was quite obvious that Raizel had no trouble dealing with the small fries, so William left her with peace of mind. He just focused on the leaders of the Undead Army, and ground them to dust under his feet.

Lilith, who became worried about William's and Raizel's continued absence, appeared on the roof of the stadium. She thought that Raizel would bring William back with her to hide in the make-shift basement that they use as a bunker whenever the Haunting commenced. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Her eyes widened in shock when she saw the golden lasso in Raizel's hand.

"Gleipnir?!" Lilith gasped in shock at the weapon that was considered as the national treasure of the Amazon Empire. 'Impossible! How come she has it?!'

The Amazon Princess was quite familiar with Gleipnir's abilities because only the members of the Royal Family could wield it.

Empress Andraste had allowed her to use this weapon on several occasions when she was dealing with dangerous missions for the sake of their empire.

'There's no doubt about it, that's Gleipnir.' Lilith's expression became serious as she watched the red-haired lady use the Mythical Artifact as if it was part of her body. 'Just who is she?!'

As she continued to watch Raizel's battle, Lilith could tell that the young lady had mastered how to wield its powers. In fact, the way she used Gleipnir far surpassed Lilith's understanding of the weapon.

In the end, the Amazon Princess decided to just observe for the time being, and ask questions after the battle ended.

Lilith then shifted her attention to William who was performing a one-sided massacre in the distance. Anything that came within his range would immediately be destroyed by punches and kicks that held the force of a wrecking ball.

After an hour, all the undead, and their reinforcements had been dealt with. Every undead that William and Raizel killed had turned into black orbs of light that flew towards the Black Tower.

The weapons that were scattered on the ground had also turned into particles of black light, with the exception of the sword that William had snatched earlier.

The blade glowed with an eerie green light that made William look like a Death Knight without a helmet.

When the battle ended, William and Raizel made their way to the roof of the Stadium. There they saw Lilith with her arms crossed over her chest.

Before William and Lilith could even say anything, Raizel hugged Lilith and gave her a kiss on her right cheek.

"Lilith, I have a favor to ask," Raizel said with a serious expression. "Will's condition is still unstable. He needs to drink blood. Can you give him some of yours?"

"Drink blood?" Lilith blinked in confusion. "Why does he need to drink blood?"

"Um? He didn't tell you about his condition?" Raizel frowned as she shifted her attention to the Half-Elf who was looking at the Black Tower in the distance.

Feeling Raizel's gaze, William turned around and gazed at the two ladies with a complicated look on his face.

To be honest, he was still shocked by the fact that Raizel knew that he was suffering from blood thirst. He didn't remember saying anything to the young lady about his condition, and yet, she had volunteered to let him drink her blood, in order to help her fight against the undead.

"How did you know?" William asked. Although he didn't elaborate, he knew that Raizel understood what he was trying to ask her.

"I have a relative that is also part vampire," Raizel answered without batting an eye. "It was easy for me to diagnose your symptoms."

William was still half in doubt of Raizel's answer, but for the time being he decided to accept it. He then shifted his gaze to Lilith who was looking at the two of them, weirdly.

"She's right," William said with a sigh. "I have refrained from drinking blood during our journey and ended up pushing myself to the limit. That Black Tower has the power to influence the Undead Powers inside my body, which in turn forced my blood thirst to come to the surface.

"If I don't deal with this issue, I might go out of control and start randomly attacking people. Although it is a bit embarrassing to say this to you, Lilith, can I have some of your blood?"

Lilith stared at William before shifting her attention to Raizel.

"I will give him some of my blood on one condition," Lilith said as she eyed the girl who had a knowing smile on her face. "You will answer my questions honestly. You're not allowed to lie, understood?"

Raizel crossed her arms over her chest as she gazed at the Black Tower in the distance. The Haunting usually lasts for three hours each time, and there was no certainty that no more undead would come their way.

Although she wasn't worried about their numbers, she was very concerned about the quality of the undead that might march towards the Glory Shelter.

Right now, only she, William, and Lilith had the power to fight. She needed to make sure that all three of them would be ready for whatever was thrown their way.

"Understood. However, I also have a condition," Raizel said without looking at Lilith. "You can only ask me two questions. I will not answer more than that."

"That's fine."

"Good. Let Will drink some blood first. The Haunting isn't over yet. Those flying wraiths may pose trouble if they were to head in our direction."

William and Lilith stared at the thousands of white wraiths that flew around the outer perimeter of the tower, alongside the Bone Dragons.. They knew that those wraiths were bad news, so Lilith didn't argue and nodded her head in agreement.