Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 798 - Only To The People I Love

"What should I do?" Lilith asked. Although she had heard stories of Vampires, this was the first time that she had encountered one.

"Just stand there," William said as he stood in front of the Amazon Princess. "I will handle the rest. It might hurt at first, but the pain will only last for a short while."

Raizel looked at the two with an eager smile on her lips. For some reason, she was quite interested to see Lilith's reaction after William drank her blood for the first time. After experiencing it once, she knew that the Amazon would definitely lose her composure once the waves of pleasure assaulted her senses. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Um, is it okay to hold you?" William asked. "I'm afraid you might not be able to support your body later."

"Okay," Lilith replied. She had also noticed Raizel's curious stare aimed in her direction, and for some reason, she could feel a sense of anticipation in the young lady's gaze, which she could not understand.

William moved Lilith's long, light-brown hair to the side as he stared at the nape of her neck. A few seconds later, he lowered his head and sank his fangs into her flesh, drawing blood.

Lilith's body shuddered when she felt the stinging pain. However, just like William said earlier, the pain disappeared like a fleeting dream and what followed next made her head swoon.

A soft moan escaped Lilith's lips as William held her body tight. She could feel that she was losing her strength, but she didn't mind it one bit. In fact, the pleasure that she was experiencing made her want to stay in that moment forever.

Unfortunately, William had set his own limitations when drinking the blood of others. He would not drink more than a mouthful, and stop after he reached his quota.

What others didn't know was that, it was not only those whom he drank blood from that felt the incredible sense of Euphoria. The Half-Elf also felt something similar when he drank people's blood.

However, he had long gotten used to controlling his urges. At the beginning, William had been addicted to these blood sucking urges. But, thanks to Charmaine, and the other Elves that were serving him, he had long known how to show restraint.

He was no longer addicted to drinking blood, but would still allow himself to get lost in those euphoric feelings once in a while.

'They have similar tastes,' William thought as he kissed the wounds on Lilith's neck, healing them completely. Since he had drank Raizel's blood not long ago, the taste of her blood still lingered in William's memory.

Savoring the same taste in Lilith's blood made him realize that the young lady with long-red hair, and amber eyes, may share some connection with the Amazon Princess, whose lean and strong body was being supported by his arms.

Raizel then moved close to Lilith and whispered in her ears.

"Does it feel good?" Raizel asked.

"Yes," Lilith replied subconsciously.

"As long as we are here in the Deadlands, Will would need to drink blood on a regular basis. There will be plenty of opportunities to bask in the pleasurable feeling that you felt earlier."

"..."

Raizel's words were like the temptation of a devil. Lilith was still basking in the afterglow of having her blood taken from her, and her thoughts were still muddled.

Even so, she gave a slight nod to Raizel's suggestion, which made the latter kiss her cheek and hug her in a tight embrace.

"I noticed that you like kissing people," Lilith said softly.

"Not all people," Raizel replied before giving William a quick kiss on the cheek. "I only kiss the people that I love."

William felt awkward after getting kissed, and hearing the two girls talking about him, while he was still holding Lilith in his arms.

Seeing his discomfort, Raizel giggled and spread her arms to hug them both. She had never felt so happy since she had been trapped inside the Deadlands for more than two months.

Having William and Lilith with her made her worries, and fears, seem like the distant and non-existent stars in the sky of this god-forsaken-land.

"You're clingy, too," Lilith complained after Raizel hugged her and William together.

Raizel smiled sweetly, "Only to the people I love."

—--

Three hours later, the red mist receded, and the undead marched back towards the Black Tower. In their wake, several flames could be seen blazing in the distance, and Raizel looked at them with a grim expression on her face.

After staying inside the Deadlands for two months, she had gained a general understanding of the locations of the different strongholds that served as the shelters of the people who suddenly found themselves in this strange world.

"I think three of the twenty shelters have fallen to the undead army," Raizel said softly. "The number of undead this time around was greater than usual. They also have more Higher-Undead in their ranks. Although all shelters have strong fighters in them, I'm afraid that they weren't able to block the Undead's advance."

As Raizel gazed at William and Lilith, who were standing on the roof beside her, she felt blessed because the timing of their appearance in the Deadlands was impeccable.

If it was only her defending the Glory Shelter, she believed that she wouldn't be able to hold the Undead Army all by herself, which would have lead to the deaths of her comrades, who were powerless to resist such a mighty army.

"Let's go back and rest," William proposed. "It has been a long night, and we still need to look for resources when morning comes."

Lilith nodded her head in agreement as she glanced at Raizel.

"I'll ask you my questions tomorrow," Lilith said. "Remember to answer me honestly."

"I know," Raizel replied as she held Lilith's hand. "Let's go take a bath together. I feel sweaty right now."

The young beauty then glanced in William's direction and gave him a wink.

"Feel free to join us, okay?" Raizel teased.

William rolled his eyes at the young lady who had easily wormed her way in their hearts. The Half-Elf decided to rest in a different room tonight.

He had some things to think about, and among them was Raizel's identity. Although he had a guess about her identity, he didn't know if he should confirm it with her or not.

A part of him was scared to know the answer, and the other half was not ready to embrace it. Since that is the case, he would keep his suspicion to himself, and let nature take its course.

However, if given the opportunity, he would like to have a nice, long talk, with the beautiful red-haired-girl who liked to kiss his and Lilith's cheeks, and hug them without permission.