Chapter 799 - A Beautiful And Loveable Cupid

"Girl, watch what you are touching," Lilith pried away the naugty hands that were fondling her chest. "You told me that you're going to wash my back, but your hands are wandering to different places."

"I just slipped," Raizel replied with a giggle. She then hummed and scrubbed Lilith's back properly.

Lilith shook her head helplessly because the young lady was just too unreasonable. However, even though Raizel was being unreasonable, she was surprised that she couldn't find it in her heart to be truly angry at the girl, whose eye color resembled her own.

"Okay, all done," Raizel said as she turned on the shower. The water fell on their bodies like rain, washing away the sweat, and grime that they had accumulated during the day.

A few minutes passed in silence before Lilith turned the water off. She then turned around to look at the beautiful young lady in front of her, who was admiring her body from behind.

"Why do you have Gleipnir?" Lilith asked. "Did you steal it from the Amazon Empire?" Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Raizel smiled, "Aren't we going to discuss this tomorrow?"

"I changed my mind."

"I see."

Raizel turned around and picked up the two bath towels and gave one to Lilith.

"Let's dry ourselves first," Raizel proposed. "I will answer your questions back in my room."

Lilith nodded her head in understanding and started to wipe her body dry.

Raizel had prepared a set of sportswear for Lilith to use, while the latter's clothes were left to dry. She had already volunteered to wash it earlier, and Lilith wasn't able to stop her. In the end, the Amazon relented and allowed her to do as she wished.

A few minutes later, two beautiful ladies walked in the hallway of the stadium wearing fit sportswear that highlighted the curves on their bodies. No sane man would be able to resist their charms, but these two ladies were no ordinary women.

Anyone stupid enough to take advantage of them would find themselves having their arms and legs broken. The worst case scenario was that the men would be missing a limb, or two, after the two girls were done with them.

When they entered Raizel's room, they immediately noticed that William wasn't around. Lilith felt that this was a good thing because she didn't want the Half-Elf to hear the discussion between Raizel and her.

She wanted to get into the bottom of things, and she had already braced herself for the answers that the red-haired beauty was about to tell her.

"Sit," Raizel said as she sat on the couch. She then patted the side next to hers and looked at Lilith expectantly.

The Amazon sighed and sat next to her, as per her wish.

This time, Raizel didn't attempt to hug or hold her. She just leaned her head on Lilith's shoulder and closed her eyes.

"You asked earlier why I have Gleipnir, and the answer is really simple…," Raizel answered with her eyes closed. "It was passed on to me by my mother."

"Your mother?"

"Yes. My mother."

Lilith took a deep breath as she spoke out her mind. "Gleipnir is the treasure of the Amazon Empire. Naturally, only the members of the Royal Family can use it. Are you a member of the Royal Family?"

"Is this your second question?" Raizel asked back, still with her eyes closed.

"No, this is just a continuation of the first question," Lilith argued. Although she knew that the girl had already answered her question, she only had two chances to ask her. With that said, she tried to force the issue that Gleipnir belonged to the Amazon Empire, and as the Amazon Princess, she had the right to know the answer.

Raizel giggled, and just listened to Lilith's "excuse", so that she would answer a question for free.

"Alright, I'll make this exception once," Raizel relented. "I am indeed a member of the Royal Family."

"Who is your mother?"

"Is that your second question?"

"Yes," Lilith stated. "Tell me the truth."

Raizel didn't answer right away. Minutes passed by in silence, but Lilith didn't mind. Since she had made the girl promise to answer her honestly, she would give her the time to answer her question.

"My mother is… a very… greedy person," Raizel said with a smile. "Surprisingly, my father is also a very greedy person. You could even say that they are a match made in heaven. One holds material treasures, the other holds priceless ones. Treasures that all the money in the world couldn't buy.

"When the two of them met, they started off on the wrong foot. My mother was at fault back then because she stole something she shouldn't have. Fortunately, Papa was a benevolent person, and forgave her easily."

Lilith didn't say anything and simply listened to Raizel's story. She found her words very soothing, and the Amazon Princess liked hearing her voice.

"Then one day, the two of them went on an adventure," Raizel continued her tale. "Along the way, they encountered a dangerous situation, and both of them barely managed to escape with their lives.

Perhaps it was fate, but the two of them met a very beautiful cupid, who helped them get closer to each other. Papa wasn't a dense person, so he understood that Mama had her sights on him. However, the problem was that Mama was too afraid to take the initiative during this time period."

"Mama thought that she needed time to get on Papa's good side, so she decided to just go with the flow. I think this is Mama's shortcoming. As an Amazon, we should always take the initiative when it comes to looking for our life partners. Being passive isn't our style."

Raizel's voice took on a pouty tone, which made Lilith subconsciously pinch her cheek.

"What happened next?" Lilith asked. Clearly, she wanted to know more about Raizel's Papa and Mama.

"Due to Mama's inaction, and Papa dealing with his own circumstances at that time, their distance remained," Raizel explained. "Fortunately, a beautiful, and loveable cupid had seen the problem, so she decided to take matters into her own hands."

"And what did that cupid do?"

"She gave Mama some advice."

"And that advice was?" Lilith asked as she raised an eyebrow.

Raizel opened her eyes and smirked.

"I already answered your two questions, so I'm not telling," Raizel giggled as she ran away.

Lilith smirked as she ran after the girl.

Soon, the sound of two girls giggling echoed on the walls of Raizel's room, not knowing that a certain Half-Elf could hear the two of them from the room next to theirs, where he had chosen to rest for the night.