Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 800 - Nice Tush

When William opened his eyes, it was still dark outside.

It had been a few hours since the Haunting, and he had only slept lightly through the night. This was to ensure that if they were to get attacked again, he would be able to respond accordingly.

Fortunately, after the undead had returned to the Black Tower, no further attacks happened.

The Half-Elf took a deep breath as he stood up from his make-shift bed.

After doing some simple stretches, William left the room to get some fresh air outside.

Just as he was passing by Raizel's room, the Half-Elf remembered the words that the young lady had spoken yesterday. Although he didn't mean to eavesdrop, what was done was done, and there was nothing that he could do about it.

William paused as he used his heightened hearing abilities to check if the two girls were awake. Unfortunately, the only thing he heard was the peaceful breaths of two people who were in a deep sleep.

'I'll come back to talk to Raizel later,' William thought as he continued to walk in the hallway.

—--

Inside Raizel's room…

The beautiful young lady hugged Lilith's arm as she slept without a care in the world.

This side of her was something that no ordinary people could see. As someone that was born into the Amazon Royal Family, there were many responsibilities that she carried on her shoulders. The outside world would only see her as a confident and domineering warrior princess who didn't shy away from any kind of challenge.

This was what led her to explore one of the Forbidden Grounds of their Domain, and ended up in the Deadlands after falling on the River of Samsara. If not for her quickwits to using Gleipnir to wrap her body up like a mummy before falling to the river, she might have already undergone a series of lifetimes, as per the Laws of Samsara.

Actually, falling in the river wasn't necessarily a bad thing. Those who did fall in the river, and managed to survive their thirteen lifetimes would receive enlightenment, and break through the restraints of mortality, which would turn them into Demigods.

Unfortunately, not many were able to accomplish such a feat. Most of them remained trapped within the river, carried by the currents until their souls became pure, and ready to once again enter the Cycle of Reincarnation.

The same could be said for the other people who had ended up in the Deadlands. One way or another, they had accidentally crossed to a place between the boundaries of life and death. Due to their strong will to live, and rejection to cross over to the next life, they ended up in the Deadlands.

A place where neither the living or the dead could find peace.

When Lilith opened her eyes, the first thing she saw was a lump of long-red hair. What followed next was the sound of Raizel's steady breaths, which allowed Lilith to remember the things that they had discussed.

A few hours ago, Lilith asked Raizel who her mother was, but the young lady didn't give her a name. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Instead, Raizel talked about her Mama, her Papa, and the rest of her family. She told Lilith how she grew up being showered with love and care by her parents, and siblings. According to Raizel, she had many brothers and sisters.

The reason for this was due to her father having many wives. The young lady said that each of her father's wives treated all of the children in their family like their own kids.

When Lilith asked Raizel if her Papa's wives were also Amazons, the latter shook her head. The young lady insisted that the only Amazons in their family were her, her little sister, and their mother.

Lilith then asked Raizel specific questions like what did his Papa's wives look like.

To this question, the young lady only gave Lilith a mysterious smile and refused to comment further.

The two of them talked about many things, until they fell asleep together.

The Amazon Princess gazed at the young lady beside her with a complicated expression on her face.

Raizel's long red hair, that reminded her of William, covered the side of her beautiful face. Lilith lightly brushed it off, and tucked it behind the girl's ear, so she could get a better look at her.

The young lady's eyes were closed right now, but she had stared at those beautiful amber eyes, that were the same color as her own, last night.

Although Lilith wasn't a hundred percent sure of her hunch, she didn't reject the idea either. As she gently caressed the side of Raizel's face, a big part of her heart wished that it were true.

'Is this Fate playing with me?' Lilith thought as she stared at the young lady with a tender gaze.

She didn't have the answer to this question. However, right now, her heart felt warm and ready to accept this possibility.

A minute later, Raizel's eyelids fluttered.

Lilith watched as the young lady opened her eyes and gazed at her sleepily. This lasted for a few seconds before Raizel burrowed her head into the Amazon Princess' chest.

Clearly, Raizel still wanted to sleep, and Lilith felt helpless about it.

'You're such a big girl, and yet you still act like a baby,' Lilith mused as she wrapped her arms around the young lady and hugged her. 'I guess I can let you sleep for fifteen more minutes.'

Lilith also closed her eyes as she listened to Raizel's breathing.

Unknowingly, she also fell asleep and would wake up with Raizel an hour later.

—-

"They're still asleep?" William scratched his head. He was having an internal struggle whether to eat breakfast without them, or wait for the two girls to wake up.

After a few minutes, he decided to go to the shower room to take a bath. He hadn't taken a bath yesterday due to the circumstances they had to deal with.

As the water fell on his head like rain, he closed his eyes and tried to sense anything from inside his body and sea of consciousness.

William spent a few minutes trying to activate all his abilities, but only the Flame of Purification appeared in his vision.

'I guess the Flames of Purification and my Prestige Class, Vampiric Necromancer, are the only things I can use in this place,' William mused.

Just as he was about to turn off the water, the door of the shower room opened and two beautiful ladies appeared in his vision.

The three people stared at each other for half a minute. Suddenly, Lilith lowered her head and stared at Little Will, who had sensed that enemies had appeared to fight him.

"Nice tush," Lilith said before covering her lips and giggled.

Raizel, on the other hand, covered her eyes with her hand. However, the small gaps in between her fingers, and the giggle that escaped her lips made William turn around and reach for his bath towel in haste.

He had been too occupied with his thoughts that he didn't notice the arrival of the two girls.

"You don't have to go, you know?" Lilith asked as she moved towards William. "Why don't I help you scrub your back?"

William backed away, and wrapped the bath towel on his waist. He then hurriedly left the shower room without turning back or saying a word.

To be honest, he didn't mind being seen by Lilith, but since Raizel was also with her, he decided to make a strategic retreat.

Although he still hadn't confirmed his suspicions, he wouldn't allow the red-haired beauty to see him in his birthday suit.