Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 802 - Uniting Under One Banner [Part 2]

Several minutes passed as the leaders discussed the details of their united front.

All of them agreed that working together is the way to survive their impending doom. However, all of them had conflicting opinions about having a single leader to command their united front.

After repeated discussions, all of them decided to compromise on two things. The first one was that they would choose a single shelter to gather at during the Haunting. This would allow them to bolster their forces and resist the undead army together.

The second one was to allocate two to three shelters to defend a single location during the undead siege.

All leaders would have command of their own forces, and they were expected to work together in order to defend the side they were assigned to.

No one voiced any objection, so they proceeded to the next phase of the discussion.

"Now that the basic foundation of the alliance is finalized, there is only one last thing left to do, and that is to choose which shelter we will use as the stronghold to resist the next Haunting," Avril said. "I propose that we all vote on which shelter we will defend this time around."

The leaders glanced at each other. They knew that this was the lynchpin to their predicament so all of them took this seriously.

"Among all the shelters, I believe that the Mimameidr Shelter, led by Avril, is the most secure and easily defensible shelter in the Deadlands," Wade commented from the side. "I believe that it is the ideal stronghold that we should use for the next Haunting."

The other leaders glanced at the beautiful Elf, who had the highest number of members among the Shelters.

Also, Wade didn't lie when he said that the Mimameidr Shelter was the most ideal place for their united front because of its location.

Standing on an Artificial Island was a theme park. Avril had chosen this location because there was only one bridge that connected it to the mainland.

As long as this bridge was secure, the Undead Army would not be able to step inside the shelter.

Of course, there was also the threat of the flying undead, but since the Elves were excellent marksmen, they were able to shoot them down from the sky before they could do sufficient damage to the Shelter and its inhabitants.

These were the reasons why most of the people in the other shelters chose to migrate to the Mimameidr Shelter after their previous shelters were destroyed.

Even Raizel had no objection to this arrangement. For her, as long as the people under her wings were safe, she didn't mind lending her hand to protect their safety.

William and Lilith offered no opinion on this matter. Both of them had just arrived at the Deadlands, so they stayed out of the discussion and simply listened at the side. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Since everyone is in agreement, I will give everyone two days to visit my humble abode," Avril said with a smile. "For now, gather as many resources as you can. During this period, no one is allowed to attack each other. I know that all of you have old grievances with each other, but anyone who breaks this rule will be left to fend for themselves. Do I make myself clear?"

All the leaders nodded. They knew what was at stake, so they decided to set aside the grudges in their heart for the time being.

The discussion ended at around three in the afternoon, and all the leaders returned to their shelters to relay the news to their people.

The people in the Glory Shelter became emotional after hearing Raizel's explanation. Although they hadn't participated in the battle, they knew how dangerous the Haunting was. In fact, they were very ashamed of themselves because they couldn't offer any help and could only depend on Raizel to protect their shelter from the undead army each and every time.

"Cathy, we are to gather as many resources as possible in two days," Raizel ordered. "Will, can you go with Cathy on their scavenging operation? Even without the Haunting, danger lurks in this ruined city. Zombies, Skeletons, and other lesser undeads can wipe out a team if they are not careful. Please, can you ensure their safety?"

William nodded. "Okay."

Raizel felt relieved after hearing William's reply. With him around, the safety of Cathy's team was assured.

"Lilith, you will come with my team," Raizel said. She then looked at everyone in the shelter with a sweet smile. "It's already late, so let's wait until tomorrow before we start our operation. We will split our groups into two. We are to secure as many resources as we can. Fighting against the other survivors is not allowed. If they provoke you, just ignore them, understood?"

""Yes!""

"Okay, everyone is dismissed."

After the people dispersed, Raizel returned to her room with William and Lilith. She needed to inform them a few things about the city, and the things that they should watch out for whenever she was not with them.

"Our location is here," Raizel pointed at the stadium located on the city map that was placed on top of the table. "Mimameidr Shelter is here. The Demonic Shelter is in this location…"

Lilith pointed out the location of all the shelters to William and Lilith. She told them about the strengths and hierarchy of each group.

"Avril is the strongest warrior here in the Deadlands… I mean, was the strongest warrior. But, now that you're here, Will, she has no choice but to step down to second place. However, you should not let anyone know that you're part vampire.

"The undead is a sensitive issue and if they see you drinking the blood of others, none of them will take such news lying down. Even if I back you up, they will not listen to me. What I'm saying is that, you should try to be as low-key as possible. Don't stand out and just fight normally, okay?"

William nodded. "Understood."

"Also, just to be on the safe side, you should drink blood every two days, and you should do it in secret," Raizel warned. "The Beastkins have sensitive noses, especially that swine Swiper. Once he finds dirt on you, he will definitely not let it go."

"I'll keep that in mind."

"Good. Remember, you and Lilith are our secret weapons. Although Swiper had experienced how strong both of you are, he still had no idea as to the extent of your powers when the two of you decide to get serious."

Lilith, who was only listening at the side, cleared her throat to catch the two's attention.

"There is something that I need to tell the two of you," Lilith said with a serious expression on her face. "On our way to the plaza, I felt the presence of a very powerful treasure."

Lilith then pointed to the location on the map. "This is the rough location where I sensed the treasure," Lilith said. "I don't know what kind of treasure it is, but it might be something good since I am able to detect it."

Raizel frowned when she looked at the place where Lilith pointed.

"That is very close to the Demonic Shelter," Raizel commented. "This territory falls under the jurisdiction of Swiper. Are you sure that it is in this location?"

"Definitely," Lilith affirmed. "When it comes to treasures, I am never wrong."

Raizel rubbed her chin as she pondered about what to do.

"How about this? Lilith and I will go there tonight," William proposed. "That way, even if we are discovered, we can just pretend that both of us were just taking a night stroll together. We just arrived at the Deadlands and we can get away with saying that we got lost. How does that sound?"

Raizel and Lilith stared at William with surprise.. Both of them had the "I didn't know that you were this smart" expression on their faces, which gave William the urge to pinch the two of them to oblivion.