Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 804 - Infiltrating The Demonic Shelter [Part 2]

As soon as William pulled Lilith inside the cabinet, he immediately covered her lips with his right hand before closing the door.

He didn't have time to warn the Amazon, so he had to resort to drastic measures in order to deal with the problem at hand.

He was afraid that Lilith would say something and alert the Demons, so he covered her lips with his right hand, and his left holding her in place, so she wouldn't be able to move.

Just as Lilith was about to complain, she heard the sound of a door opening, followed by voices. Her body immediately tensed, as she braced herself to fight.

"Don't do anything reckless," William whispered using the lowest volume that he could.

Lilith nodded her head in understanding.

After getting her acknowledgement, William removed his hand from Lilith's lips. Both of them were warriors, so there was no need to say anything. The moment they were discovered, they would immediately knock the Demons unconscious before making their escape.

The footsteps became louder as the Demons walked towards their direction.

"How many?" the one horned demon asked.

"Two," the frog-like demon replied. "Don't worry. They are enough for us to all have a round."

The Demons chuckled as they reached out to touch the door of the cabinet.

William clenched his fist, and Lilith held the handle of her short sword. Both of them were now poised to strike as soon as the door of the cabinet was opened.

The creaking sound of a wooden cabinet door being opened echoed inside the carpenter's shop.

"Hello, my sweeties," the frog-like demon said. "Did you miss me?"

The other three Demons chuckled as they humored the frog-like Demon in his antics.

The frog-like Demon took out two big bottles of high-class wine from the cabinet and presented them to his companions.

He then rummaged for the wooden bowls inside the cabinet to be used for this occasion. A few minutes later, the four Demons chatted as they drank the wine and ate the food that they had brought with them.

"It's too bad that we can't invite our other brothers for a drink," the frog-like Demon sighed as he poured drinks for everyone. "All the good stuff goes to the Boss. Fortunately, we found this without anyone knowing about it."

"Indeed," a Demon with white hair replied. "Us on the bottom only get the scraps. Experiencing this kind of luxury is very rare."

"Still, the Boss sure is planning something big," the one-horned demon said after drinking his wine. "Not only does he plan to weaken those Elves, he also wants to cause enough casualties so that the other shelters will also be weakened."

"Right! He's so evil!" the frog-like demon agreed. "Damn. I bet that Avril would fill our Boss' body with holes if she found out about his plan. This kind of betrayal will surely make her wish that she could chop our Boss to pieces."

The other Demon's laughed in agreement. They knew how strong the beautiful Elf was, and even their Boss, Swiper, was no match for her if the two of them fought to the death.

"But, are you sure this is the right thing to do?" a purple-haired Demon said. "I mean, if we let the undead through, doesn't that mean that we are also in danger? It's not like they will ignore us if we let them in, right?"

The other three Demons quieted down as they pondered the purple-haired Demon's words.

"W-Well, I'm sure that the Boss has already thought of this as well," the frog-like Demon replied. "I'm sure that if we obey his orders, none of us will be truly in danger."

"I guess you are right," the purple-haired Demon nodded. "I guess I'm just overthinking things. The Boss would not do something without a backup plan, right?"

Another round of silence descended inside the carpenter shop. Swiper wasn't necessarily the smartest Demon in their shelter, but he was one of the strongest.

The other strong Demons accepted his rule because Swiper promised them high positions if they agreed to make him the leader of the Shelter.

Since then the Boarkin had ruled the Demonic Shelter and constantly waged war on the other Shelters in an attempt to weaken them.

It was only recently that Swiper decided to annex the weaker Shelters, but his plan collapsed when he failed to make Raizel and the Glory Shelter submit.

"Yes, our Boss is smart." the white-haired Demon agreed. "As long as we follow him, all of us will become the new rulers of the Deadlands."

"Cheers!"

""Cheers!""

William and Lilith exchanged a glance at each other. Both of them were shocked to discover that the Demonic Boarkin was planning to backstab everyone in the Alliance during this crucial period.

Swiper had been very supportive during the meeting, and they thought that the latter had already given up his grudge against them. However, this new information made them realize that even if you painted a black boar white, its true color would still be black no matter what.

The Demons continued to chat about random things until the wine and food had gone to their stomachs.

"Let's go back brothers," the frog-like Demon said as he stood up wobbling. "That wine sure packs a punch."

"You just have a low tolerance," the one-horned Demon chuckled. "Just that tiny bit of wine and you're already like this? You need to grow a pair."

"Hahaha! Don't worry, we can try to explore near the outskirts tomorrow," the white-haired Demon said. "Maybe we get lucky and find another stash of goodies."

The purple-haired Demon nodded as he helped the frog-like Demon on his feet. However, Just as they were about to walk towards the door, the frog-like Demon sneezed and a glob of green goo escaped its nose.

This goo then hit the cabinet in front of him, creating the sizzling sound of acid burning through wood.

The Demons laughed at their comrades' antics. However, a few seconds later, the sound of a sneeze reached their ears.

Lilith looked at William apologetically after she made the blunder. The smell of melting wood and acid irritated her nose, so she wasn't able to stop herself from sneezing.

William sighed internally, but still nodded his head in understanding. Since their cover was blown, they had to prepare to fight their way out of this mess.

The Demons all looked at the cabinet, which now had a hole on its door.

The one-horned Demon sniffed the air and his expression became serious when two unfamiliar scents reached his nose.

The purple-haired Demon made a gesture and all of them held their weapons firmly in their hands.

Even the frog-like Demon that had been feeling light-headed earlier instantly sobered up as it glared at the wooden cabinet. It then took a deep breath and was about to spit an acid spray at the cabinet when the wooden doors opened.

Two blurs charged in their direction, and two of the four demons slammed into the walls of the workshop. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"You guys are from the Glory Shelter!" the purple-haired Demon shouted as he recognized William and Lilith.

He was one of the Demons that had come with Swiper to annex the Glory Shelter. He had a lasting impression of these two people because Wiliam had punched his face, and knocked a few of his teeth out.

Lilith on the other hand, was able to stand her ground against their Boss, so the purple-haired Demon also remembered her.

"What? From the Glory Shelter?!" The white-haired Demon gritted his teeth as he prepared to fight against William and Lilith.

Suddenly, a loud croaking sound pierced the quiet of the night, which alerted the other Demons in the area.

William clicked his tongue as he pulled Lilith's hand and ran toward the door to make their escape.

Due to his heightened senses, he had already heard the sound of motorbikes headed in their direction. Although he was confident that he and Lilith could fight their way through an encirclement, he tossed this idea to the side because they were still inside the Demonic Territory.

He didn't know how many Demons were in the area, so escaping was their best option. He had thought of killing the Demons, but this was a risky move and might have serious repercussions.

Also, they didn't want the Demons to have an excuse to target Raizel and the people of Glory Shelter.

For their sake, William and Lilith refused to kill the Demons and simply decided to escape.

The frog-like Demon used its long tongue to swing on top of a building. He then croaked out loud to inform everyone in the Demonic Shelter of what was happening.

"Don't let them get away!" the frog-like Demon roared as he pointed at the two fleeting figures in the distance. "Kill them!"