Chapter 805 - Just Look At That Face. I Bet His Own Mother Doesn’t Trust Him

The sound of motorbikes could be heard around the Demonic Shelter as they scoured their territory in search of William and Lilith that had disappeared without a trace.

The two had holed themselves up inside a building, while erasing the traces that they had left behind. For the time being, they decided to lie-low until the Demons had given up their search.

'Fortunately, we made a Plan B,' William thought. 'Raizel will handle the rest.'

Lilith slept lightly on the couch. She was currently in a half-awake, half asleep state, and ready to fight at a moment's notice.

Although their bodies were strong and could last several days without rest, William told her that she should take a rest while she could.

The Half-Elf had volunteered to become the nightwatch since he was more proficient in surveying their surroundings, especially when it was dark.

Lilith had no rebuttal to this reasoning, so she agreed to the Half-Elf's suggestion and rested for the time being. She was quite confident that William would wake her up if something that was beyond his control suddenly came to pass.

Three hours later, the sound of motorbikes searching the area stopped. They once again returned to their headquarters to report that they weren't able to find the two people that had heard something that they shouldn't have.

Swiper smashed his fist on a table after hearing his subordinates' report. He then glared at the four Demons who had unknowingly informed others about his plans, which made them shudder in fear.

"Are you sure that they are those two people that recently arrived in the Deadlands?" Swiper asked as he lifted the chin of the purple-haired Demon that had recognized William and Lilith.

"Yes, Boss!" the purple-haired demon answered in a heartbeat. "I can't possibly forget the face of that Half-Elf who knocked out my teeth yesterday. Also, that woman who fought you was with him. There is no mistake about it."

Swiper snorted as he pushed the Demon away. He then walked around in circles as he tried to think of a solution about how to handle this mess.

William and Lilith were newcomers, so they were tricker to handle than those that had been in the Deadlands for a long time. Also, both of them were expert fighters. Swiper knew that if they really went all out and fought against them, the other Shelters might get suspicious, giving the true intruders a good reason to back up their claims for his planned betrayal.

"Listen to me," Swiper said as he looked at the four Demons who were kneeling at the floor. "All of you will testify that you were attacked by those two Humans inside our territory. Also, you will deny any allegations firmly and tell the leaders of the Shelters that the two of them are lying. Do I make myself clear?"

"Y-Yes, Sir!"

"Yes, Boss!"

Swiper nodded his head. "The four of you, and a dozen others will follow me to see Avril. We will strike while the iron is still hot, and leave no room for those two newcomers to worm their way out of this mess."

—--

As the night deepened, William's eyes, that could see almost anything in the dark night, saw over two trucks and a dozen motorbikes head in the direction of the Mimameidr Shelter.

The Half-Elf had memorized the location of all Shelters in the city, and he could make a guess about what Swiper was planning to do.

After making sure that this wasn't a trap to lower their guard, William shook Lilith awake and told her that they would make their escape while their pursuers were meeting with the Elven Leader.

The journey back to the Glory Shelter was smooth, but it still took them two hours to return because Willliam and Lilith decided to play it safe and only travel along the outskirts of the Demonic Territory.

The first thing they did when they arrived at the Shelter was to tell Raizel everything that they had heard, which made the young beauty frown.

"There's no doubt about it," Raizel said after hearing William's and Lilith's explanation. "They're trying to frame the two of you. That swine, Swiper, will definitely deny everything that you have heard, and make sure that the two of you pay for breaking the rules of the Alliance."

William and Lilith exchanged glances and nodded their heads at the same time.

"The best way to deal with this is for Lilith and I to leave the Glory Shelter," William said. "By doing so, you will not be involved in this matter. You can also claim that you had just picked us up the other day, and were merely giving us a place to stay for the time being."

Lilith nodded. "Or, we can still tell the leaders about Swiper's planned betrayal. Even if he denies it, the other leaders will be wary of him. This will also ensure that the Demons will be under heavy surveillance, which would definitely affect their performance."

"The second option is better." Raizel agreed. "Avril is not stupid. She'd rather be suspicious of the Demons than turn a blind eye to the possibility of getting stabbed in the back. Believe me when I say that no one here has any love for the Demonic Shelter. All of them are scum."

Before they could continue their discussion, the sound of vehicles approaching the stadium reached their ears.

The Deadlands were very quiet at night, so it was not hard to know that they had uninvited guests arriving at their front door.

"We will come with you," William said. His voice was firm and would not take no for an answer.

Lilith smiled because she was planning to say the same. There was no way she would allow Raizel to be intimidated by anyone.

Raizel sighed as she looked at the two people in front of her.

"Very well, but do not resort to violence," Raizel replied.

"Okay."

"Sure."

—--

Avril, Swiper, and the other leaders of the Shelters stood in front of the Stadium's entrance.

They had made their arrival known, so they knew that Raizel would come out and meet them even though it was still the middle of the night.

When Raizel, William, and Lilith appeared, the expressions of the leaders hardened because they had heard only Swiper's side of the story. The Demonic Boarkin made sure that all of them had become aware of the serious offense that William and Lilith had committed.

Now that Raizel appeared with both of them, Swiper's plan on including the Glory Shelter into the mess crossed his mind. However, for the time being, he decided to let the matter unfold, and wait for the right opportunity to drag Raizel into the mud along with her two new friends.

"Raizel, I'm sure that you are already aware of why we are here," Avril said. "We've come for the two people beside you."

Several warriors behind the leaders unsheathed their weapons in preparation to attack. However, none of them made a move because their leaders had still yet to give them the order to apprehend William and Lilith.

"I'm sure that all of you had heard this Swine's lies, so it's time for you to hear my friends' side of the story,'' Raizel said. "You will allow that right, Avril?"

"Of course," Avril replied. "Communication is the key to any successful negotiation. Let me hear your side of the story, and depending on their testimony, their sentences could be lessened."

"Lessened? Meaning, you already plan to punish them?" Raizel raised an eyebrow.

"Regardless of the reason, the two of them still broke the rules that we just set a few hours ago," Wade replied with barely restrained anger. "Do you understand? Just a few hours have passed and these newcomers have already trampled on our dignity. Tell me, why should we not punish them?"

Raizel didn't bother to answer Wade's accusation and made a gesture for William to tell everything that they had heard to the rest of the leaders.

Just as she expected, the leaders' expression changed after hearing of Swiper's planned betrayal. They all gave him side-long glances, but the Boarkin was unperturbed. It was as if he was even enjoying the slander that was being tossed in his direction, and kept a smug grin on his face the whole time.

"These allegations are serious," Avril said after hearing William's explanation. "What do you have to say for yourself, Swiper?"

Swiper snorted as he sneered at William and Lilith, "And here I thought that the two of you could make a better excuse for your transgression, but it seems that this is as far as your imagination can take you.

"Me? Betray the alliance? For your information, I was the one who initiated this talk between the different shelters. Why would I want to destroy something that I have worked so hard to make? Do you think we're playing house here in the Deadlands?"

Swiper spat on the ground as he glared hatefully at William and Lilith for trying to ruin his reputation.

"Both of you are newcomers, so you don't understand how hard it is to survive on a daily basis!" Swiper roared. "How dare you slander me with this bunch of bullsh*t? Can't you think of a better excuse?"

After hearing Swiper's hateful reply, some of the leaders also glared at William. It was indeed Swiper who had initiated that the Alliance be formed in order to resist the Haunting. Although his character wasn't the best, he had been in the deadlands for a very long time.

William and Lilith, on the other hand, were just newcomers, so they felt that neither of them fully understood the circumstances they faced everyday. Even so, after hearing the Half-Elf's reply, a seed of doubt had been planted in their hearts, which was William's and Lilith's true goal. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

In reply to Swiper's words, William just chuckled.

"Wow, bravo." Willam clapped his hands together. "What a passionate speech. Unfortunately for you, do you really think that these leaders are three-year old gullible children that will nod their heads because you tell them too? What are you, their homeroom teacher?"

The Half-Elf then scanned the faces of the leaders who were looking at him with frowns on their faces.

"All of you are the leaders of the various shelters here in the Deadlands. This swine has been around for a long time. Do you still not know his character?" WIlliam inquired. "Just look at that face. I bet his own Mother doesn't trust him."

Swiper choked when he heard William's jab at his character. Unfortunately, he couldn't refute the Half-Elf's words. His mother really didn't trust him.

Raizel giggled as she listened to William's snarky reply. Even Lilith was smiling as the Half-Elf slapped the Demonic Boarkin's face without even lifting his hand.

"You've already heard both of our stories, so it is up to you to decide. However, let me just give you one piece of advice," William said with a smile. "Although having a united front is good, you still need to choose who you can trust your back with."

William crossed his arms over his chest and looked at Avril with a fearless gaze.

"I've already told you our side of the story," William stated. "Now, it's time for all of you to decide who you will believe between the two of us."

William had already prepared himself for the worst. If the Alliance really took Swiper's side in this matter then he and Lilith would also act accordingly.

Raizel stared at the Half-Elf's back with a calm expression on her face. Just like William, she had already made plans in her head.

Regardless of what the Alliance said, she would take William's and Lilith's side no matter what.

She didn't care if the entire Deadlands fell to ruins.

All she cared about was to stay by their side, and spend their remaining days together in the best way possible.