Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 807 - Will You Make Me Your Lover?

A sigh of pleasure escaped Lilith's lips as William slowly drank her blood.

The Half-Elf was like a thirsty man traveling alone in a desert, drinking his supply of water sparingly.

The atmosphere in the Deadlands had a way of strengthening the power of the Undead, but for William, it was a boon that he would rather live without.

His Bloodthirst was something that he was able to keep in check because of the Elves inside his Thousand Beast Domain, as well as the help he received from his wives.

Unfortunately, he couldn't access his Thousand Beast Domain, so his blood supply was limited. This was the second time that he had drunk Lilith's blood, but he was only drinking it in sips, trying to savor the taste, and prolong its effects for as long as he could.

The Amazon noticed that William wasn't drinking her blood as quickly as last time. However, she didn't plan to complain. Just like William, Lilith also wanted the pleasure that she was feeling to last as long as he could.

A few minutes later, William lightly kissed the wound on Lilith's neck, healing it completely.

"Thank you," William said as he supported Lilith's body that had turned to jelly.

"Mmm," Lilith sighed as she leaned her body against William's chest.

Two days had passed since the incident in the Demonic Shelter, and an uneasy peace had settled over the Deadlands. Tonight was the night when the Haunting was supposed to strike, so William had asked Lilith if he could drink her blood, so his blood thirst would be at an acceptable level.

Truth be told, William was still deprived of blood, but there was not much he could do about it. Lilith was the only one he could ask on a personal level. As for Raizel, after drinking her blood once, William had refrained from doing so again.

For some reason, he would rather drink Lilith's blood, than drink the young lady's blood, whose hair was as red as his.

"Are you sure you drank enough?" Lilith asked after she managed to take full control of her senses. "You drank less than you did last time."

"Really?" William asked.

"Amazons are warriors, we have been trained to pay close attention to our physical abilities," Lilith replied as she made herself comfortable by leaning on William's chest. "Are you sure you're going to be fine? If you need more blood, you can ask Raizel for some, you know?"

William sighed. "I… I just can't. It feels wrong to drink her blood."

Lilith hummed, but didn't comment any further. She just closed her eyes as she continued to lean on William.

"Two hours before sunset," William said. "I think I'll be okay for one rough night."

"And after that night is over?"

"I don't know."

Lilith giggled. "Do you like Demon Blood? Since we're on bad terms with them, taking a bite out of them is good, right?"

"Ewww!" William replied. "I have standards, okay? I'll only drink Chiffon's blood."

"She's a Demon? I thought she was just… short."

"She's not short. Chiffon is Half-Dwarf, Half-Demon. It's a race thing."

Lilith giggled. "Okay. I'll believe you for now."

"What do you mean, for now?" William snorted. "It's the truth."

"So, how did you meet her? After hooking up with Lust, you cradle snatched Gluttony. Who's the next Sinful Lady you plan to add to your harem?" Lilith inquired. "Wait. you're probably tired of the Sins now, maybe you want to spice it up and aim for the Virtues? Is that why you're trying to be chummy with Professor Celeste's familiar?"

William snorted. "Is that what you think of me? A guy who makes every beautiful lady I see my wife?"

"You're not?"

"Of course not."

Lilith turned around and stared at William's face. "Prove it to me."

"Prove?" William shook his head. "I don't need to prove anything to you."

"Hey."

"Hey what?"

Lilith rested both of her hands on William's shoulders and stared straight into his eyes.

"Will you make me your lover?" Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"..."

Seeing William's complicated expression, Lilith giggled before standing up and walking away. Just as she was about to leave the door, she glanced at William and smirked.

"If I asked you this question a few days ago, you would have definitely said No," Lilith said in a teasing tone. "Don't be so stuck-up. You can also rely on Raizel. I'm sure that she's just waiting for you to approach her. We need you, so you'd better be sane at all times. Do I make myself clear?"

"... Yes," William answered.

Lilith winked at him before leaving the room.

After the Amazon Princess left, a helpless sigh escaped William's lips. He then laid on the bed and stared at the ceiling for a long time.

William knew that Lilith was right.

If she had asked him this question a few days ago, he would have outright rejected her. But, right now, he felt conflicted.

He asked Raizel to talk with him privately a day ago. The young beauty agreed to his request, and William asked her a couple of questions about where she came from, and anything related to her family.

Raizel answered all of his questions, but they were quite vague. She even had a big smile on her face the whole time, as if she found William's questions amusing.

Simply put, the young lady was smart enough to not step on any landmines that William had set for her. This made William curse her internally because no matter how eloquent he was, the red-haired beauty had beaten him at his own game, hands down, which frustrated him.

"Why are you making this complicated, Raizel," William muttered softly as he covered his eyes with his hand. "All I ask is for you to answer Yes or No. Is that too much to ask?"

As the Half-Elf was thinking on what to do next, the alarm in the stadium suddenly rang.

It was also at that moment when the Half-Elf felt some stir inside his body and knew for certain that the Haunting was about to begin.