Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 808 - Army Of One

Mimameidr Shelter…

Avril stared at the countless Undead that had started to make their way towards her stronghold. It was an attack from both land and air, and for the first time in her life she was quite thankful that her shelter was not going to face this calamity alone.

After William's warning, all the leaders decided to place Swiper and his subordinates on the front lines of the battlefield. Of course, they were not being used as cannon fodders. Five other shelters stood beside them, but it was clear that they were paying close attention to the Demons, who had been accused of betraying them.

Swiper knew that he couldn't afford to take this battle lightly, so he ordered his men to fight to the death. With so many eyes paying attention to him, any act of betrayal would lead to dire consequences.

'With this many undead, the Glory Shelter is finished,' Swiper thought. 'Good riddance!'

The Demonic Boarkin was still annoyed that his plan to decrease the overall power of the Shelters would have to be set aside for the time being. For now, he decided to play his part, so they wouldn't be able to say anything about his performance.

Wade sighed after seeing the Undead army that was making their way towards them. Just like Swiper, he already considered Raizel and the remaining members of the Glory Shelter to be dead people.

Even with the combined might of their shelters, he knew that this battle would be an uphill battle. He didn't dare estimate how many casualties they would have when this night was over.

'Raizel, it truly is a pity,' Wade thought as he remembered the young beauty who had cared for the Glory Shelter after its previous leader had died. 'Xenovia, your subordinate will be joining you soon.'

Lindir raised his spear as he commanded his members to stand their ground. The Lizardfolk and the other Reptilian Races took a fighting stance, as they, too, prepared to clash against the Undead who were already halfway across the bridge.

Eldon, the leader of the Dwarven Shelter, firmly held the war mace in his hands. He stood beside Avril and gazed at the Undead Gargoyles who were flying in their direction. His Shelter's role was to attack using their crossbows, as well as defend the Elven archers, once the Gargoyles opted for close-range combat.

The battle-hardened Dwarf glanced at the beautiful Elf beside him and sighed.

"That lass, Raizel, is done for," Eldon said. "If only she was not as stubborn as her former leader."

Avril knocked an arrow on her bow as she gazed at the distance. "It is the choice she made. There is nothing we can do about it. We have our own battle to fight. Let's survive this fight first before we worry about others."

Eldon nodded. "Aye. This is going to be a very long night."

—--

"... there's so many of them," Lilith's expression became grim as she looked at the hordes of Undead that were headed in their way. "Is that an Undead Wyvern? Such a troublesome fellow."

Flying in the center of the Undead Gargoyle Army was an Undead Wyvern. This was the first time that Lilith had seen a war of this magnitude, and it unnerved her. Even with her powers, she would find this army very hard to deal with.

Without her powers, she felt that she was facing a mission that was impossible to clear.

Although Raizel had a calm expression on her face, deep inside she was feeling very anxious. Just like Lilith, this was her first time seeing a large-scale war, and she felt that she was out of her league.

Judging by the number of Undead that were headed in their direction, she could tell that they numbered in the tens of thousands.

There was only one word to describe their current situation and that was "Overkill".

Unlike the two ladies beside him, William gazed at the Undead Army with calmness. He had participated in wars of bigger magnitude, so he was not fazed with the current undead Army in front of him. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

In fact, he was even feeling excited.

As a Vampiric Necromancer, he also had the power to raise the dead. He had done this during the battle in the Southern Continent, so he was well aware of the capabilities of each undead unit that was headed their way.

The Black Tower had not only made his Vampiric Power's surface, it also strengthened his fighting abilities. Although he couldn't destroy the entire Undead Army instantly, he was confident that he could decimate them if he was given a few hours.

Also, he planned to do a bit of an experiment.

If he succeeded then their chances of surviving this clash would drastically increase.

"Lilith and Raizel, stay here in the Stadium and prioritize the flying Undead," William ordered. "Raizel, do you think you can bring down that Undead Wyvern from the sky?"

"Only if it comes within range," Raizel replied. "But, the most I can do is bring it to the ground. I don't think I will be able to fight it, while dealing with the Undead Gargoyles at the same time."

"That's fine. What I want you to do is throw that thing in my direction, understood?"

"That's it?"

William nodded. "Yes. You don't have to do anything else. Just throw it at me."

"Understood." Raizel acknowledged William's order. "Will,… goodluck!"

William smiled as he gave Raizel and Lilith a brief nod before turning around to face the Undead Army.

"Don't let yourselves get bitten or wounded by their weapons." William reminded them. "There is a high chance that you will turn into an undead if your wounds are not treated right away."

"I will do my best."

"Got it."

"I'm off," William declared as he jumped off the roof. He then charged at the Undead Army as the muscles in his left arm bulged.

Sensing his presence, the zombies and skeleton warriors that acted as vanguard, charged in his direction with their weapons held high.

A devilish smile appeared on William's face as he swung his arms to obliterate everything in his path. For him, dealing with the small fries was an easy matter. If an ordinary warrior were to do this, they would need to pay attention to their stamina.

Fortunately, William didn't have to worry about that.

After drinking Lilith's blood, as well as gaining the effects of the Black Tower in the distance, William was currently at his peak performance. He didn't have to worry about a lack of stamina, because the red mist that had spread across the city was like an inexhaustible supply of rejuvenation potion to him.

After killing more than a dozen Undead, the Half-Elf raised his hand and activated his Necromantic skills. He was itching to know whether his hunch was right or not.

Soon, the undead that he had slain once again reanimated themselves and attacked their former companions.

William laughed as he fought alongside his new comrades. He then eyed the leaders of the Undead Army, which were the Death Knights, and Dullahans. If he could make them his minions, then he would be able to turn the tide of battle by focusing on the High-Tier Undead that were currently commanding the army.

Lilith and Raizel, who were watching William's battle from the roof of the stadium, gasped in shock at the scene in front of them.

"Unbelievable," Lilith muttered. "If this goes on, we can win if he can turn that Undead Army into his own!!"

"No," Raizel shook her head firmly. "Will can only reanimate a few hundred Undead at most. I think he is just testing out whether he can pry the control of the tower over them in order to replace it with his own authority.

"Since he can only control a few hundred, he would definitely settle for quality over quantity. Now I understand why he asked me to bring the Undead Wyvern down. This was his plan."

Since Raizel finally understood what William wanted to do, she raised her head to look at the Undead Wyvern who had decided to personally lead the Undead Gargoyles to attack the stadium.

The golden rope in her hands glowed with power as she patiently waited for the Wyvern to come within her range.. That is the only way that she could accomplish the task that was left to her by the man who was given the title Army of One.