Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 809 - I Think It’s Worth Taking A Gamble

William was practically bulldozing his way through the Undead Army. Although they had the numbers, no single Undead among them could fight him head-on.

Although he suffered from several stab wounds, and other grievous injuries, all of them regenerated at a rapid rate thanks to the red mist.

The Vampiric Necromancer was a Prestige Class that was equivalent to a Vampire Prince. Meaning, it was one of the Higher Forms of the Undead class that was only lower than the Vampire King, which was equivalent to an Elder Bone Dragon.

The Death Knights and Dullahan were a tier lower than him, so they didn't pose any kind of threat to him whatsoever.

The only thing that could really threaten William on the battlefield were the Undead Dragons that were flying through the skies of the Black Tower. As long as those Dragons stayed where they were, William was like an adult fighting against tens of thousands of three-year old babies.

Although they could swarm him, bite, hack,and stab him, the injuries he sustained regenerated within seconds. In short, the red mist that was supposed to make the Undead Army formidable, backfired on them.

If Malacai was there, he would be scratching his head because of the absurdity of the entire affair.

Even Lilith, who had been feeling anxious earlier, felt that she had been worried over nothing. Because of William's dominating performance, the pressure on her and Raizel had decreased drastically.

"This Wyvern is annoying," Raizel said as she wrapped an Undead Wyvern and used it as a wrecking ball to hit the Gargoyles who were descending on them like rain.

Because of Gleipnir's ability to extend itself, the young beauty was able to both attack and defend at the same time.

Lilith stood beside Raizel and attacked the Undead Gargoyles that were able to get past Gleipnir's defenses.

The national treasure of the Amazons was blessed with a Divine Property. This meant that anything evil or unholy would be weakened in its presence. This was why Raizel was able to fight against Undead opponents that were stronger than her.

Gleipnir was the natural bane of the Undead. They weren't able to use their full capabilities as long as the golden rope was present on the battlefield.

After almost an hour of fighting, the Undead Wyvern finally lost its patience and uttered a deafening shriek. It then dove towards the two ladies on top of the roof with fury.

'Finally, you made your move,' Raizel thought as she focused her sights on the Undead Wyvern. She had already stopped attacking randomly and prepared to engage the Wyvern that was coming their way.

Because of this, the pressure on the Undead Gargoyles lessened as they bared their fangs at the young beauty who was giving them a hard time.

"Just focus on the Wyvern," Lilith said as she stood in front of Raizel. She held the two short swords in her hands and activated their special properties. The weapons of the Amazon Royal Family were no ordinary weapons.

Although they were not Mythical or Legendary Weapons, like Gleipnir, all of them were Unique Weapons that had special abilities.

Lilith's short swords were a pair, called Hysteria.

Its ability was quite special, even among Unique and Mythical weapons because it had the power to control gravity.

"Fools who defy the laws of the world, accept your fate and be damned by all!" Lilith roared. "Crush them all, Hysteria!" Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Anything within a twenty-meter radius of Lilith felt an unprecedented oppression weighing down on them.

For the Undead Flying Army, Gleipnir's suppression and Hysteria's gravity control made all of them mad with anger. They were like sitting ducks, unable to advance no matter what they did.

"Let's go," Lilith said as she held Raizel's waist and jumped towards the sky.

After deactivating the Laws of Gravity around her, the two soared to the sky as if they were flying.

Any Undead Gargoyle that blocked their way fell down towards the ground as if they had lost the ability to fly.

"Bind the world in your embrace and hold it in place," Raizel shouted. The Golden rope danced across the sky like a living being as it headed towards the Undead Wyvern whose eyes glowed like embers.

"Hold the Firmament, Gleipnir!"

When the golden rope had wrapped around the Wyvern's body, the Overlord of the Sky immediately felt that something was terribly wrong.

No matter what it did, it couldn't break away from the golden rope that had tied its body up in a firm knot.

Raizel didn't know, but Gleipnir was a divine artifact that Astarte had acquired through trade from another God in the Ten Thousand Domain.

This artifact had bound the World Wolf, Fenrir, thousands of years ago, so it was nigh impossible for any creature under the Rank of Demigod to break free from its shackles.

After securing her target, Raizel glanced at the battle on the ground and shouted with all of her might.

"Will!"

The red-headed teenager looked up and saw the tied up Wyvern in the sky. He then waved at Raizel to tell her to tell her that he was ready to accept her gift.

Just like a wound-up, spinning top, the young beauty hurled the shrieking Wyvern towards the Half-Elf who was looking at it like it was a toy that he had wanted all of his life.

The Wyvern crashed on the ground, sending rubble flying everywhere.

William ran towards its location, ignoring the Undead who were hacking away at the Death Knights, and Dullahans, that he had converted to his side a few minutes ago.

As soon as the Wyvern saw William, it immediately opened its jaws to bite him.

Unfortunately, the Half-Elf was a step faster and slammed a roundhouse kick on the Wyvern's nose, smashing its head towards the ground.

Before the Wyvern could even utter a cry of pain. William raised his left hand and smashed it on the Wyvern's head, smashing its bones apart.

"Rise!" William ordered as he placed his left hand over the Wyvern's Head "I, your new Master, call for you to serve me in battle!"

The Undead Wyvern's body glowed with a green light. William jumped off its head and stood in front of it, waiting patiently to see if his hijacking attempt to take control of the Wyvern succeeded.

Soon, the Wyvern propped up its body from the ground and uttered a mighty screech. Not long after, it bowed its head in front of William, which signified that it had changed its allegiance to him.

"Good." William said as he jumped on the back of the Undead Wyvern.

The Wyvern flapped its wings and soared towards Raizel and Lilith who were slowly descending to the ground like a feather.

William caught both of them on the Wyvern's back, and flew towards the Undead Gargoyles that were flying towards the sky.

"Raizel, grab those large Gargoyles over there," William ordered. "They are the captains of the gargoyles and I plan to convert them to our side."

"Understood," Raizel replied with a sweet smile on her face. She was about to follow William's orders when her eyes caught something on the ground.

Standing at the center of the Undead Formation was a Death Lord wearing red armor. It held a Giant War Axe in its hand as it made its way towards the Death Knights and Dullahan that William had converted.

"B-Big Sister Xenovia?" Raizel's eyes widened in shock when she saw the familiar figure who had treated her like a family when she came across the Deadlands.

The Ex-Leader of the Glory Shelter had sacrificed herself to allow Raizel, Cathy, and her other subordinates escape when the Haunting suddenly happened during their scavenging expedition.

They were far away from their Shelter back then and had no choice but to fight their way through the encirclement.

Raizel knew that there was a high possibility that she would see Xenovia again, but this time, they would be fighting on opposite sides of the battlefield.

The young beauty had wished that this day wouldn't come, but it still happened.

"Is that her?" William asked as he eyed the Death Lord who was nearly as strong as him.

"Yes," Raizel replied. "That's Big Sister Xenovia. The previous leader of the Glory Shelter."

William nodded. "What do you want to do? Do you want to fight her and end her misery?"

"Even if we destroy her body, her soul will still return to the Black Tower," Raizel replied. "She will face us again in the next Haunting, and there's a chance that she may be even stronger next time."

William frowned as he shifted his attention to the Red Death Lord that had already killed half of his Converted Undead Army.

"Alright, I've decided. Let's get her," William said.

"Can you?" Raizel gave William a hopeful look.

William nodded. "Although the chances aren't high, as long as you bind her with Gleipnir, and she still has memories of you, there is a chance to convert her. Also, you didn't want to fight her, right? Since that is the case, we can only try.

"Besides, having her around would definitely bolster our shelter's manpower. I think it's worth taking a gamble."

Raizel eyed the Red Death Lord on the ground before nodding her head.

"Will, please save Big Sister Xenovia," Raizel said. "I owe her my life."

William smiled. "Understood. Even if we don't succeed, you can just tie her up and use her as a wrecking ball. That way, we don't need to fight her, and she can help us that way as well. It's a win-win for everyone."

The corner of Raizel's lips twitched as she stared at the grinning Half-Elf in front of her. If William wasn't someone she loved dearly, she would have no doubt pushed him off the Wyvern's back.

Xenovia was the one person she truly cared about in the Deadlands, and she would never stoop low enough to use her as a wrecking ball to fight off the Undead Army, whose numbers seemed unending.