Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 810 - The One That Is Pulling The Strings From The Shadows

A mighty screech spread across the battlefield as the Undead Wyvern descended from the sky.

William focused his attention at the Death Lord that was wielding a great axe because its fighting prowess was similar to that of a Saint in its initial stages.

'She's strong,' William thought. 'She was probably stronger when she was still alive.'

Usually when a living being transforms into an Undead, their strength decreased by a tier.

According to Raizel, Xenovia's strength was half a step away from being a Saint. Right now, the Death Lord in front of them was already at the Saint Rank. Although it was still in its initial stages, a Saint was still a powerhouse that was not easily defeated.

Due to William's Prestige Class—Vampiric Necromancer—the boosts that he was receiving from the Black Tower, and the red mist, his strength had been boosted to the middle stages of the Saint Rank.

This was why he was able to fight against the Undead Army, even if he was alone. His only concern was that their numbers were truly too much. Even if he had converted dozens of them, it was nothing compared to the bulk of the army that was still being led by the Red Death Lord, who was once the leader of the Glory Shelter.

"I'll try to weaken her first," William said. "The two of you stay in the sky and deal with the Undead Gargoyles. Raizel, when I give the signal, use Gleipnir to bind her."

Raizel nodded. "Be careful, Will."

"Don't worry," William replied as he jumped off the Wyvern's back. "This is not the first time I've fought on this kind of battlefield."

William descended into the midst of the Undead Army like a meteor, smashing everything around him.

As soon as the dust cleared, he charged towards the Red Death Lord to stop her from decimating his converted undead.

Sensing his approach, the Death Lord swung her axe backwards to meet his sneak attack from behind. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

William hurriedly lowered his body to evade the attack, allowing the axe to pass over him safely.

'Her reaction time is good,' William thought. The Half-Elf then smashed the Skeleton Warriors around him and snatched two swords from their destroyed bodies.

Soon, the sounds of metal clashing against each other reverberated throughout the battlefield. Usually, William wouldn't meet a War Axe head on using a sword, but his current strength gave him the leeway to do that.

The two exchanged blows sending shockwaves around them. The members of the Undead Army that decided to come close were blown away by the powerful gusts of winds that the two created with every clash of their weapons.

After exchanging blows for the umpteenth time, William managed to get past Xenovia's defenses, and push her back.

It was at that moment when a Dullahan swung its blade on Xenovia's back, forcing the latter to use her axe to block the attack from behind.

William didn't let this opportunity go to waste and closed the distance in a heartbeat. With one powerful palm strike, the Death Lord flew several meters away from her main army.

"Raizel!" William shouted as he blocked the attacks of the Undead that had encircled him on all sides.

Because he was surrounded on all sides, the only thing he could do was to break through using brute force. Fortunately, his enemies weren't like the Death Lord that could fight him on even ground while being supported by her undead companions.

A golden rope descended from the sky and wrapped around Xenovia's body. Although the Death Lord tried her best to free herself from her binding, it was all for naught.

With one mighty roar, William bulldozed his way through the encirclement, sending bones, and rotting flesh in all directions.

"Will" Lilith shouted. "Get out of the way!"

The Undead Wyvern opened its mouth and prepared to unleash a Dragon Breath that would decimate everything in its path.

Seeing that the Wyvern's attack was nearing completion, William hurriedly ran towards his right side, just in time for the Wyvern to unleash its most powerful attack.

Rows, upon rows, of undead were incinerated by the green flames that made the surroundings look like a horror movie.

After creating a wall of flame that separated William and the Undead Army, the Half-Elf was able to escape safely, and use his remaining Converted Undead to attack his pursuers.

William jumped up, catching the Wyvern's claws in a firm grasp.

After securing William, Lilith maneuvered the Undead Wyvern towards the roof of the stadium.

Raizel's hands were tied because of Xenovia, so the Undead Gargoyles swooped down from the air in an attempt to bite them all.

"Not on my watch!" Lilith roared as she raised her twin swords high in the air. "Hysteria!"

An invisible pulse spread out around the surroundings, with Lilith at its center. Soon, any Gargoyles that came within the range of the Amazon's attack fell from the sky like hail.

This lessened the pressure around them, but this ability was taking its toll on Lilith, so she couldnt use it often.

Panting for breath, the Amazon guided the Undead Wyvern to land on top of the stadium, while the Gargoyles were still hesitating to attack them out of fear.

The battle on the ground was getting messier as William's Converted Undead were being hacked to pieces. At most, they could only hold the line for ten more minutes before all of them were wiped out.

"Can you do it?" Raizel asked as she looked at the wrapped up Death Lord. The longer the Undead was detained by Gleipnir, the less resistance it would have when William tried to convert it.

"I'll do my best," William replied as he placed his hand on the struggling Death Lord's Head. "Guard my body. I will force my way inside her Sea of Consciousness."

Lilith and Raizel nodded their heads. They knew that now was the crucial moment, so they would do their best to guard William to the best of their abilities.

After making contact with Xenovia, William closed his eyes and allowed his consciousness to invade the Death Lord's Sea of Consciousness.

A moment later, he found himself on a hell-like plain, with fires burning all around him.

William scanned his surroundings because he knew that he didn't have much time. He needed to find Xenovia's consciousness and suppress it in order to convert her to his side.

'There!' William ran towards a glowing red orb in the distance that was the size of a volleyball ball.

When his hands touched the glowing orb, a projection of a four-meter tall Demon appeared in front of him.

"Who are you?!" the demon asked. "How dare you invade my slave's consciousness?!"

William stared at the towering monster in front of him.

The Humanoid Demon had four pairs of batlike wings on its back, and two protruding red horns on his head. His purple eyes filled with malice glared at the Half-Elf with fury.

"A Dread Lord," William muttered as his countenance changed. Dread Lords were powerful Undead-like demons, who specialize in Dark Magic and also had the ability to infiltrate dimensions.

This information appeared inside William's mind when he touched the glowing orb that comprised Xenovia's consciousness.

It was as if the Ex-Leader of the Glory Shelter had passed this information to him, so he would be aware of what was currently happening inside the Deadlands.

'I see, so that's it,' William's face paled after discovering the identity of the Dread Lord that was pulling the strings from the shadows.

He didn't expect that the Deadlands was hiding such a dark secret, and this information made William realize that the current situation they found themselves in was more sinister than he had initially anticipated.