Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 812 - I’m Not That Fragile

William urged the Undead Wyvern to make a beeline towards the Bone Dragon that was twice its size.

The Half-Elf knew that he couldn't allow the Dragon to get near the Stadium. Once it decided to go on a rampage and unleash its Dragon Breath, everything they worked hard to protect would be all for naught.

He was still reeling from the discovery that he had made a few minutes ago, and the stinging pain inside his head was making things worse.

'Too bad I can't convert this dragon in my current state.' William felt regretful as he neared the Bone Dragon whose glowing eyes had already locked onto his body.

Instead of backing away, the Half-Elf urged his flying mount to go faster.

The Undead Wyvern heeded William's orders and flapped its mighty wings. The dragon didn't expect William to ram its body using his mount, so it was too late to do anything when the two collided in mid-air.

The Dragon screamed as it clawed the Wyvern's head, holding it in place. It then opened its mouth to unleash a Dragon Breath at point blank range, but it stopped after seeing that its main target had disappeared from the Wyvern's back.

It was at that moment when a teasing tone spoke from on top of its head.

"Looking for me?" William sneered as he raised his fist. "You're lucky I'm low on blood. I would have loved to make you my mount if I hadn't used too much of it to convert Xenovia."

After saying those words, William smashed his fist on the Bone Dragon's head, cracking its skull.

The Dragon screamed as it let go of the Undead Wyvern in its grasp. It squirmed in the air as it tried to dismount William from on top of its head, but the Half-Elf was like a leech that refused to let go.

"What? Do you have a complaint?" William laughed as he once again raised his arm. "Tell it to my fist!"

The skull of the Bone Dragon almost shattered in half after William delivered his second blow. However, due to the effects of the black tower and the red mist, the damage he dealt was quickly regenerating.

Even so, that didn't stop the Dragon from screeching hatefully at the Half-Elf who was dead set on smashing its head to bits.

"Screeching helps?" William asked in a teasing tone as he continued to smash his closed fists on the Bone Dragon's head. "Not at all."

William was grinning like a madman as his blood thirst gave his eyes a golden hue. This was the sign that he was nearing his limit, and was about to lose control.

The thing was, as Wiliam gave into his primal urges, his strength also rose exponentially. With a resounding crack, the Bone Dragon's skull collapsed completely, and it fell from the sky, headed straight for the Undead Army. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

A loud crashing sound echoed across the battlefield as the Dragon and the Undead around it were smashed to pieces.

When the dust cleared, the Half-Elf—whose eyes had completely taken on the golden hue—snarled at his surroundings.

Without warning, he dove into the densely packed Undead Army and started a rampage.

Wiliam had finally lost his senses and was only acting on instinct.

The Undead didn't back down and swarmed him like a colony of ants.

Lilith, Raizel, and Xenovia, watched from afar as hundreds of scattered bones flew in the air. Willliam duked it out with the enemies in front of him. His nails had grown and all of them were like sharp blades that cut everything in half.

No matter how many skeletons and zombies swarmed on top of him, all of them were slashed and blasted to pieces without fail.

It was a very gruesome sight and, for the first time, Lilith felt genuine fear as she looked at the crazed Vampire Prince who had lost his reason.

"We need to help him," Lilith said as he glanced at Raizel and Xenovia. "We can't allow this to go on. The longer he remains in that state, the more danger we would find ourselves in later."

Raizel firmly shook her head after hearing Lilith's words. "I know that it is dangerous, but right now, we can't afford to incapacitate him. The Undead Army is still there, and if we tried to hold them back, they would be able to overpower us in strength and numbers."

"Are you telling me to wait until the Haunting is over?" Lilith asked. She understood what Raizel was saying. However, for some reason, she didn't like to see William in this crazed state.

She would rather see the Half-Elf be arrogant and narcissistic than be a blood thirsty Vampire that could no longer distinguish friend from foe.

"We have no choice," Raizel sighed. "We just have to wait until the Haunting Ends. It would be more dangerous if we tried to interfere right now."

Xenovia nodded her head in agreement. "I am now connected to him, so I can generally tell what his condition is. It seems that he has allowed his Blood Thirst to get the better of him, while saving up his remaining willpower to resist it at a later time. We will do more harm than good if we try to stop him by force."

Lilith could only reluctantly nod her head after hearing Raizel's and Xenovia's explanations.

The only thing she could do was to pray for the Haunting to end. That way, they could go to the Half-Elf's rescue and let him drink their blood, until he returned to normal.

After two agonizing hours of waiting, the Undead Army started to recede and return to the black tower.

Xenovia hurriedly called the Undead Wyvern that had just finished it's regeneration after its collision with the Bone Dragon.

Lilith and Raizel accompanied Xenovia as they followed the Half-Elf who was still dead-set on attacking the retreating Undead.

When they were directly above the Half-Elf, Raizel used her golden lasso to bind William.

However, the Vampire Prince had sensed the danger that Gleipnir possessed and grabbed it with his hand.

Suddenly, he gave it a pull, which caught Raizel completely by surprise.

The young beauty was pulled off the Wyvern's back, and fell towards the ground, much to Lilith's and Xenovia's horror.

Before the two could even save her, a swarm of bats enveloped Raizel's body before flying towards the ground.

When the swarm of bats disappeared, William stood with Raizel in his arms.

"Don't!" Lilith shouted in panic when she saw William lower his head.

The Vampiric Prince ignored Lilith's shout and sank his fangs into Raizel's neck, drawing blood.

William was about to feast on his prey when a pair of delicate arms wrapped around his head.

"It's fine," Raizel whispered. "Drink as much as you want. I'm not going anywhere."

William's eyes trembled as his fangs stopped penetrating deeper into her neck in order to draw out more blood.

"It's okay," Raizel's words once again reached his ears. "I'm not that fragile. Losing some blood isn't a big deal."

William pulled his fangs back and licked away the blood that was flowing out of Raizel's neck. He licked the wound clean as well as the bloodstains that had traveled down her neck.

Soon, the wound on the young beauty's neck disappeared completely.

The red-headed teenager sighed as he closed his eyes. He managed to regain control of his sanity before it was too late, and was able to prevent doing something that he would regret for the rest of his life.

He knew that if he had continued to sink his fangs deeper into Raizel's neck, he might have sucked her dry, or worse, turned her into a full-fledged Vampire whose humanity would have been lost forever.