Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 813 - Stop Dilly Dallying And Start Sucking! [Part 1]

Inside the Glory Shelter…

"Go on."

"No. It's better that we don't do this."

"There you go again, Will," Raizel berated. "Because you kept refusing to drink blood, you went completely berserk. If not for the fact that you stopped at the last minute, I might have become a dried husk."

"She's right, you know," Xenovia, who had her arms crossed over her chest and was leaning on the wall, commented. "Also, now that the Haunting is over, we might find some guests arriving in a few hours who will check the Shelter's condition. I bet they will be surprised to see it still standing."

Lilith who was seated at the couch across William nodded her head. "After you drink Raizel's blood, you can have a bit of mine. Xenovia had already talked to Cathy in secret, and she also agreed to give some of her blood to you. So, stop dilly dallying and start sucking!"

"...."

William knew that arguing with the three ladies inside the room was useless. Although he didn't want to admit it, he understood how dire his current circumstances were. He believed that if he was not able to drink any blood in the next few hours, he would once again fall into a berserked state.

"Very well," William relented. "But, I'll only drink blood from your fingertip, Raizel."

Raizel shook her head firmly. "My fingertip doesn't have much blood. At most you can only get a few drops."

The young beauty wrapped her arms around William's head and pulled it close. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

"Just do it, Will," Raizel said. "Not for yourself, but for us who you need to protect. With someone working behind the scenes, we need you more than ever."

Raizel pressed William's lips on her neck and closed her eyes. She had locked William's head in a firm grip. Clearly, she didn't plan to let him go until he had drunk her blood properly.

The young beauty wasn't aware that William was already finding it hard to resist the temptation that she was offering him. With the last push she gave him, the red-headed teenager finally relented and sank his fangs into Raizel's tender neck.

Just like he did last time, he drank her blood sparingly. Although his body needed it, his psychological state was full of guilt and shame of needing to do this with her.

He didn't mind drinking Lilith's blood, or the blood of any other woman. However, Raizel was different.

William held complicated feelings in regards to her. This was why he had some aversion to taking blood from her body.

A few minutes later, William finally pulled back.

"Thank you," William said.

Raizel smiled and nodded her head. "You're welcome. Lilith, it's your turn next. I'll go find Cathy and bring her here as well. Big Sister, would you like to accompany me?"

"Why not?" Xenovia replied with a knowing smile.

Raizel smiled back. She even playfully winked at Lilith before leaving the room with Xenovia.

When the door closed, William and Lilith stared at each other in silence.

After a few minutes, William sighed and stood up from the couch. He then sat beside Lilith and gazed at her beautiful amber eyes, which were very similar to Raizel's.

"What did she tell you?" William asked. "Did she confirm anything?"

Lilith shook her head. "The only thing she shared with me is the story about her family. She even admitted that she was a Daddy's Girl."

The Amazon Princess smiled after saying this, which made William cough lightly.

"How about you?" Lilith inquired. "Did you learn anything from her?"

This time, it was William's turn to shake his head. "No matter how much I tried to trap her using words, she slid through my questions like a slippery eel. Ah, but there is one thing she did mention that I found interesting."

"Oh? Care to share what it is?"

"Yes. She said that her mother was her father's favorite when it came to love making. She added that among his father's wives, only her mother had a bubble butt, which he finds irresistible. I don't know if she was making fun of me or not."

The corner of Lilith's lips twitched after hearing William's words. She even saw the Half-Elf sneakily glancing downwards, as if trying to confirm something.

"If you want to see it, I can show it to you," Lilith smiled sweetly. "The question is, do you dare?"

William lightly cleared his throat as he shifted his attention back to her face.

Lilith was surprised because there was a mild flush that appeared on William's cheeks. This was the first time that she saw the Half-Elf blush after knowing him for a long time. Clearly, her innuendo had an effect on his usually calm demeanor.

"I know that I'm asking for too much, but, can I drink some of your blood again?" William inquired.

He was doing his best to change the subject, and the Amazon Princess was more than happy to set the issue aside for the time being.

"Of course," Lilith replied. "Just like Raizel told you earlier, we need you now more than ever. You're not allowed to go out of control again. Do I make myself clear?"

William nodded. "I can't make any promises, but I will do my best to prevent it from reaching that point. I will no longer be stubborn when it comes to drinking yours, Raizel's, and Cathy's blood."

"Good. It is troublesome when you don't cooperate. Right, you've been drinking Charmaine's blood and the blood of the Elven beauties in your Thousand Beast Domain, right? Why don't you take some of Avril's blood as well."

"Let's cross that bridge when we get there. Also, I doubt that the leaders of the different shelters will find my blood sucking tendencies to their liking."

"They don't have to like it. I'm sure that if they had to choose between turning into an Undead or losing some of their blood, they would no doubt choose the latter hands down."

William could only smile bitterly at Lilith's words. Although her tone carried a trace of ridicule, the possibility of it happening existed. While the Half-Elf pondered over the Amazonn's words, Lilith took this opportunity to take off her upper clothes, which made William almost choke on his saliva.

"Why are you removing your clothes?" William inquired as he moved backwards.

"I don't want to get it stained with blood," Lilith answered in a casual manner. "Do you know how hard it is to remove the bloodstain from clothes? Washing it doesn't really work, and we can't use our powers in this place. Don't worry, I won't bite. The only one that will be doing the biting is you."

William did his best to keep a straight face as he looked at Lilith's smiling face.

The Amazon didn't know, but he had heard the line "I don't want my clothes to be stained by blood" countless times already.

Charmaine and the Elves had said the same things before. Even his lovers, Wendy, Ashe, and Est, had done the same when he was still in the Southern Continent. Although he didn't do anything untowards to Charmaine and the other Elves, it won't change the fact that it was impossible not to feel any kind of appreciation in seeing the naked upper body of a lady.

Especially if that lady was someone as beautiful as Lilith.