Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Chapter 816 - I’m Sure That Our Suffering Has Just Begun

All the leaders, as well as their subordinates, patiently waited for Raizel to start the meeting that she had proposed after breakfast.

All of them were dying to know how the Glory Shelter was able to survive the Haunting, and how they were able to beat the Bone Dragon whose might was at the Pseudo-Myriad rank.

A few minutes later, Raizel appeared in front of them with William and Lilith by her side. The three of them had discussed how they were going to explain what happened during the Haunting, and the route they would take in informing everyone about the existence of the Dread Lord that William had accidentally discovered, while trying to convert Xenovia to fight for his side.

"Before I discuss what happened last night, I want to know first, how everyone fared in fending off the Undead that attacked Mimameidr Shelter," Raizel said. "I'm curious to know how the Undead Army divided themselves in order to deal with all of us. Can someone do me the honors?"

Since Raizel asked how the defense of her Shelter transpired, Avril stood up and gave her a short version of the battle.

Contrary to what they expected, the Undead didn't only march on the bridge, leading to the Mimameidr Shelter, but also traveled underwater.

This had never happened in the past, and Avril and the other leaders were caught off guard by the sudden development.

Fortunately, the Shelter had high walls protecting it on all sides. Although the Undead had launched a sneak attack using the sea, the defenders were seasoned warriors, so they were able to react accordingly.

Additionally, the siege machines that the Mimameidr Shelter possessed decimated the Undead who came within their range. This played a major role in keeping the number of deaths as low as possible.

However, since the numbers of the Undead Legion by land, air, and sea were too numerous, the Shelter still suffered over two hundred casualties. Although two hundred casualties in a span of four hours may seem like a small number, that was precious manpower in the Deadlands where the number of people didn't surpass two thousand.

Thirty of them were from the Demonic Shelter, who fought off the invaders that charged through the main entrance of the Mimameidr Shelter.

Swiper fought alongside his men and made sure that the Undead wouldn't be able to breach through their defenses, leaving the other defenders to deal with the sneak attacks that came from the air and sea.

Skeleton warriors, and zombies, were only low-Tier Undeads that fluctuated between Rank E and D. They weren't very hard to deal with. As for the Higher Undead, most of them were Rank C up to A.

Naturally, there were a few Centennial Ranked Undead among the mix, but the Leaders were strong enough to keep them at bay. Especially Avril, who was like an arrow turret that released countless arrows with every minute that passed.

After hearing the beautiful Elf's explanation, William and Lilith frowned. Although the number of Undead that attacked the Glory Shelter was less than Mimameidr Shelter, the quality of the Unholy Army that they fought was greater.

Although Xenovia and the Bone Dragon weren't enough to make the combined forces of the Alliance lose the battle, they were more than capable of increasing the number of casualties up to a thousand if they had gone to the Elven Shelter.

"That is the hardest battle I have fought here in the Deadlands," Avril stated. "If possible, I don't want to experience it again, but I'm sure that our suffering has just begun."

The other leaders nodded their heads in agreement. They were already dreading the day when the next Haunting would knock on their Shelters' gates. If they could replicate the Glory Shelter's achievement in the previous war then it would greatly benefit the survival of everyone in the Deadlands.

Raizel sighed when she heard Avril's story. She had already expected that many would die, but knowing that some of them were her acquaintances made her sad.

It took her a while to regain her composure before shifting the topic back to how their Shelter survived the Haunting. This was the explanation that everyone inside the room was waiting for, and they paid extra attention to the young beauty that was standing in front of them.

"Just like you guys, we were also attacked by countless Undead. There were several Death Skeleton Warriors, DeathKnights, Dullahan, Greater Zombies, Undead Gargoyles, an Undead Wyvern, as well as a Bone Dragon."

Raizel paused as she observed everyone inside the room who were all looking at her with great interest.

"I only played a small role in that war," Raizel stated. "The one that really took the brunt of the Undead Army was William. He fought on the front lines and kept the Undead's attention on him. This was why the Glory Shelter remained intact.

"Of course, the Undead Gargoyle, and Undead Wyvern posed a threat, but we were able to handle them and keep them at bay. If not for William's valiant efforts, the Glory Shelter would not be standing here today."

Swiper, who was listening to Lilith, immediately stood up and sneered at William.

"Do you really think that we will believe your words? Swiper asked with ridicule. "How can that filthy Half-Elf face off against an entire army alone? Do you think we are gullible kids that you can hoodwink?"

"I'm not forcing you to believe me," Raizel replied. "This is simply the truth. Whether you accept or not is irrelevant, so, shut the f*ck up."

Lilith looked at Raizel disapprovingly. For some reason, she didn't like the young beauty cursing at others. Although she hated Swiper and wanted to curse his entire lineage up to his 10th Generation, she refused to stoop down to his level.

William, on the other hand, gave Raizel two thumbs up in his heart. If B1 and B2 were there, they would have definitely done the same and gazed at the young beauty as if they had found a long lost friend.

The Half-Elf didn't like Swiper, so seeing the young beauty nag at the Demonic Boar, made the red-headed teenager extremely happy.

It was at this moment when William took a step forward and presented himself to everyone. Since the ball had been passed to his side of the court, he would definitely show Lilith and Raizel a good performance.

After all, James had taught him that one should never appear weak during negotiations.. That way, people would have a better impression on you, and take your words far more seriously.