Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 819 - The Master Is Expecting All Of You

Inside the Black Tower…

"Interesting." A two-meter tall demon with batlike wings, and obsidian eyes, smiled in amusement. "Swiper said that they want to compromise with me?"

The Death Lord nodded.

"Hmm…" the Dread Lord tapped the arm support of his throne made of Dragon Bones. "Well… this development sure came out of the blue. But, it might not be a bad idea to compromise with these lowly creatures."

The Dread Lord was already planning to increase the number of High-Tier Undeads in the next Haunting, including adding all the Bone Dragons to ensure that the Shelters would finally fall. However, he would have to pay a price to do so.

This was not a price that he was willing to pay unless it was a last resort.

William's interference had put a dent in his plan, and he wanted him dead at all cost. But, now that there was a possibility of reaching a middle-ground, he would not be too close minded and hear them out for the time being.

For him, the Black Tower was more important than the lives of those who were struggling to survive in the Deadlands. Once he reached Godhood, the fools who belonged to the Ars Goetia, would no longer be able to touch him!

"Beleth, Purson, Asmodeus, Belial, and you… Aamon," the Dread Lord said with a sneer. "I can't wait to see the looks on your faces when the very legions that you command… turn their blades against you. That would be a very lovely sight to behold…"

The Dread Lord chuckled after drinking the liquified soul of one of the powerful warriors that he had captured in the Deadlands like wine. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

He had been grievously injured during his escape from Hell, and had been recuperating ever since.

He knew that none of the Gods could set foot inside the Deadlands, so he planned to use this Domain as his base of operation until he had gained sufficient strength to return to Hell. Now that a possible compromise was in the works, he could focus all his attention on taking full control of the tower and seize the initiative against the Gods that lorded over Hell.

"Have all the Undead cease hostilities to the mortals in this domain," Morax ordered. "Also, when they visit the Tower tomorrow, make sure that your subordinates behave. Do I make myself clear?"

The Death Lord bowed his head, "By your will, Your Excellency."

—--

The next day, all the leaders, as well as a handful of their trusted subordinates, gathered in the plaza at the center of the city.

Everyone was present, including the grumpy Swiper who didn't hide his hostility towards William.

The Half-Elf didn't mind the Demonic Boar's hateful gaze. He just treated Swiper like Air and observed the expressions of the Leaders, who decided to brave the dangers of going to the Black Tower to seek a compromise with the Dread Lord.

"Let's go," Avril said.

She was now the official spokesperson of the Alliance, and they hoped that her negotiating skills would be enough to solve the immediate dangers that they were facing.

The procession of trucks headed in the direction of the Black Tower, without being hindered by the Undead. In fact, they didn't see any Undead along the way, which greatly surprised Avril and the others.

When they were only a few hundred meters away from the tower, the trucks came to a halt. This was the first time that they had been this close to the Black Tower because of the almost innumerous Undead Army that guarded its premises.

William didn't bring Xenovia on this journey because he was afraid that the Dread Lord would break the mark that the Half-Elf had placed in her Sea of Consciousness. This mark's purpose was to help Xenovia resist the orders that were coming from the Black Tower, and retain her free will.

"What's wrong?" Swiper asked in a teasing tone. "All of you got cold feet?"

This simple comment earned the Boarkin hateful glares. Swiper just ignored all of them and kept the smug expression on his face. He then gave William a side-long glance to see his reaction, but the Half-Elf wasn't even paying attention to him.

As a Vampiric Prince, William could sense the overwhelming power that the Black Tower was radiating. It was so strong that he could feel the hairs on his body standing on end, giving him goosebumps.

'This is a Divine Structure,' William thought.

Although he couldn't use his appraisal skill at the moment, he was confident that the Black Tower was something that belonged to the Gods.

'Too bad I can't access the System. I would love to drag this thing back to the Thousand Beast Domain to study.' William sighed internally.

Suddenly, a single rider emerged from the Black Tower and headed in their direction.

William, Avril, and those with keen eyesight could tell that this was no ordinary Undead. Due to its exotic armor, the Half-Elf assumed that it was a Death Lord similar to Xenovia.

When the Death Lord and his mount were only a dozen meters away from the trucks, they stopped and an unearthly voice reached their ears.

"The Master is expecting all of you," the Death Lord said. "I came here to escort all of you into the Black Tower."

"He is expecting us?" Avril asked with a frown. "How did he know that we were coming?"

The Death Lord glanced at the Elf and answered her question. "My Master knows everything that is happening in the Deadlands. Worry not. None of you will be harmed during your stay. Now, follow me. Let's not keep my Master waiting."

The Death Lord didn't say another word and turned his mount around to face the tower. He then urged his steed to gallop away, not caring whether the mortals followed him or not.

After the Leaders exchanged anxious glances, the trucks' engines roared to life and followed behind the Death Lord.

William was deep in thought as he stared at the Black Tower as they moved closer. He felt that something was off when the Death Lord said that his Master knew everything that was happening in the Deadlands.

Even so, he decided to put this aside for now.

He had faced many dangerous scenarios, and met many powerful individuals like the Dracolich and certain Gods that made life difficult for him.

A part of him was even looking forward to meeting the Dread Lord.

William hoped that by meeting this being, he would gain a better understanding of the Deadlands, and find a way to return back home where his family, lovers, and the people important to him, were waiting for his return.