Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 822 - A Distant Future That Held Infinite Possibilities

Inside the Glory Shelter…

"So, you're saying that you didn't do that to test whether the Dread Lord would go back on his word, right?" Lilith asked.

"Yes," William replied. "I was testing whether he would really attack me or not."

"But why? Why do something stupid?"

"It's because I could tell that he was injured."

William leaned on the couch as he looked at the ceiling. "Morax is undeniably injured, and I have a feeling that he can't leave that Dragonbone Throne even if he wanted to. The reason I provoked him was to test whether my hunch was true or not."

"And if you were wrong?" Lilith countered. "What if he could leave his throne and attack you."

"Then I would have smashed his face and sent him flying towards the wall," William replied like it wasn't a big deal.

"What nonsense are you talking about?" Lilith tilted her head in confusion. "What gave you the confidence that you can send a Dread Lord flying with a punch?"

Raizel, who had been quietly listening from the side, raised her head and gazed at William. "It's because of the Tower, right?"

William raised an eyebrow as he looked at the young beauty in front of him. Raizel stuck her tongue out like a little girl, but refused to comment any further.

"Am I the only one that is clueless about this whole thing?" Lilith asked with a frown. Seeing that Wiliam and Raizel seemed to have come to some sort of understanding, she suddenly felt that she had been left out of the hoop.

This made her feel very uncomfortable.

Suddenly, a pair of delicate hands wrapped around her body, and the young beauty with long red hair, rested her head on Lilith's shoulder.

The discomfort she felt earlier disappeared as her left arm subconsciously wrapped around Raize's waist.

William looked at this scene with a calm expression. However, he couldn't deny that the two beauties holding each other was like a beautiful painting that was meant only for him to see.

A minute later, William cleared his throat and explained why he did what he did.

"When I was inside the Tower, I felt that a part of my soul resonated with it," William said. "You could even say that I was forcefully fed information without my permission. There, I saw images of events, people, and other important things that were related to the Black Tower. It was also at that time that I gained some understanding of Morax."

When William mentioned the Dread Lord's name, his expression suddenly became very serious. "If the information I received from the Tower is correct, Morax was a God that came from Hell.

"However, Gods can't enter this place. The only reason why he was able to cross time and space was because he had been seriously injured, and a large part of his Divinity was sealed in his body.

"If he forcefully activates his Divine Powers, the Deadlands will eject him in a heartbeat, and I'm sure that this is something that he can't afford to do. This is also why I tried to provoke him earlier. Once he is kicked out of this place, the people here will no longer have to worry about the Haunting."

Lilith was still half in doubt, but she decided to believe William for the time being. "Then what about those Death Lords? Although Morax can't attack you, they certainly can."

"Oh, I'm not worried about the Death Lords," William smirked. "If they attacked me then I would have converted all of them to my side. Of course, I can't do this alone. You and Raizel would have definitely had to help me, but the chances of us winning were quite high."

Lilith eyed William with a serious expression. "And the Dread Lord?"

William shrugged "If he stays seated on his Dragon Throne then he is simply untouchable. He can swat me as easily as swatting a fly as long as he is within the confines of the throne. That throne is the heart of the Tower. As long as he sits on it, the Tower is under his control.

"He acted all high and mighty earlier to try and intimidate us, but compared to my Gramps, he's just a second rate con-actor. He might be able to fool people, but he will not be able to fool me."

"Just what kind of grandpa do you have?" Lilith snorted. She had already seen James in the Misty Sect, and she found the Old Man to be a very greedy person, just like her and Wiliam.

Lilith was not aware of how the old man managed to succeed in becoming the new Sect Master of the Misty Sect, which not only surprised her, but everyone that had been invited to the celebration.

"My grandpa is the best," William replied. "He's just being lowkey, but he is one badass Gangsta."

Raizel, who was resting her head on Lilith's shoulder, giggled. It was as if she remembered her own Great Grandpa, who would readily spoil all of his grandchildren rotten, even if he had to steal the heirlooms of the Royal Families on the Continent.

"Then, about the mirror, is he lying about that as well?" Lilith inquired.

"No," William answered firmly. "That part was true. In order for us to get out of this place, we need to find the mirrors. This is where your power will come in handy, Lilith."

"Let's say we find the mirrors… what are we going to do about it?"

"We will hide one of them. That way, we can buy some time before Morax completes the ritual."

"And that ritual is?" Lilith inquired. She was also very curious about what kind of ritual the Dread Lord was planning to do.

William sighed as he looked at the ceiling of the room. "To gain full control of the Black Tower… and gain the power to bind the souls of the departed, preventing them from entering the Cycle of Reincarnation.

"This will allow him to raise an army without equal. Just imagine this, an Undying Army that can easily threaten the cycle of life and death, which will, in turn, bring ruin to any world he visits."

The Half-Elf shook his head in order to clear out his depressing thoughts.

The discovery of the Black Tower's ability made him feel truly fearful. If, for some reason, the Black Tower fell into the wrong hands then all life on any given world would cease to exist. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

"No matter what happens, we must prevent this from happening," William said as he shifted his attention to the two beautiful girls whose eyes were locked onto his face. "We need to seize the Tower from Morax's control. Raizel, if you have any way to do this, please, lend us your help."

The young beauty glanced at Lilith before shifting her gaze back to William. She held the Half-Elf's tender gaze for a full minute before giving her answer.

"I have a plan, but for it to happen, both of you need to trust me," Raizel replied. "So, are both of you willing to trust me with your lives?"

William and Lilith nodded at the same time. Ever since they met Raizel, they already felt that she was someone very important to them.

Raizel smiled and held William's and Lilith's hand firmly.

"Then to celebrate our cooperation, why don't the three of us take a bath together?" Raizel proposed.

Immediately, William pried his hand away from the little imp who was trying to make things difficult for him.

The Half-Elf hurriedly left the room in order to get away from Raizel's mischievous attempts to test his willpower.

However, just as soon as he was about to close the door. Raizel's heartfelt laughter reached his ears. Clearly, the young beauty was very amused by William's reaction, which made the Half-Elf shake his head helplessly.

'I swear, this girl will be the death of me,' William thought as he walked the abandoned hallway alone. Even so, he still couldn't keep himself from smiling because his heart felt at peace.

Raizel's laughter was like a tonic that made all his worries disappear.

Deep in his heart, William had started to entertain the possibility that he had been trying to deny these past few days.

If that possibility were to truly become a reality then the soft and delicate hand that held his own a while ago, was something that he would surely cherish in the distant future that held infinite possibilities.