Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 825 - You Can’t Have A Rainbow Without A Little Rain

Inside the Black Tower…

"Thank you Lord Morax, thank you very much!" the blonde Elf bowed his head respectfully after receiving his rewards from the Dread Lord.

"It is only natural to reward those who worked hard," Morax said with a benevolent smile. "You may go. I have something to talk about with your leader."

"Yes! Your Excellency!" The Elf bowed and left the throne room with a big smile on his face.

Morax had awarded him with a unique weapon that greatly increased his fighting abilities. Now that he had this weapon in hand, he was certain that he would be able to play a bigger role in helping his Leader, Avril, reach her goal.

After making sure that the Elf would no longer be able to hear their discussion, Morax made a gesture for Avril to come closer.

The beautiful Elf obediently walked towards the throne without any hint of anxiety on her face.

"Tell me, My Dear, Avril, what is it that you desire?" Morax asked. "As long as it is within my capabilities, I will give it to you without fail."

He was very impressed by the beautiful Elf's performance, and decided to bring her to his inner circle. The Dread Lord needed capable henchmen to take care of some miscellaneous things for him, and Avril fit the bill perfectly.

In order to gain her loyalty, he would need to give her some benefits first. This was a very common thing in Hell where everyone had a price. Morax was dying to know what it would take to make the Leader of the Alliance become his most loyal supporter in the Deadlands.

"Your Excellency, what I desire is…"

Morax listened to Avril's request with great amusement. He didn't expect that the beautiful Elf would ask him for something sinister, but it made him feel confident that he would be able to make her his loyal subordinate.

"What you want can be done," Morax replied with a smile. "However, I will need time to create it. Let's see… I will need at least four days to make this tool to help you realize your wish. Are you fine with this arrangement?"

Avril nodded. "I'm not in a hurry, Your Excellency."

Morax grinned. "Very well. Return to me after four days. Also, I promise that you, and your subordinates, will no longer have to fear the Undead Army again. This is my promise to you."

"Thank you, Your Excellency," Avril bowed respectfully.

Deep inside she felt relieved that she and her people would no longer have to worry about the Undead Army that had been the cause of many sleepless nights.

However, what Avril was looking forward to was the tool that she would receive from Morax after four days. Ever since she arrived in the Deadlands, she hadn't wanted something so bad in her life.

Now that it was within her grasp, she would definitely hold on to it with all her might, preventing it from slipping away from her fingers.

"You may go," Morax said as he leaned on his throne. "I expect more good things from you, Avril. Keep doing a good job, and I will ensure that you will not regret working for me."

"Yes, Your Excellency," Avril gave Morax one last bow before leaving the throne room with a sweet smile on her face.

—-

Meanwhile inside the Glory Shelter…

Lilith and Raizel went to the shower room together, leaving William behind.

The young beauty had tried to invite William to accompany them, but the Half-Elf firmly rejected her offer.

He even flicked Raizel's forehead and told her to not attempt to invite him again in the future.

Lilith could only watch this scene with a smile because she had more or less accepted the possibility about Raizel's identity.

Her only concern was that even though the young beauty was trying to bridge the gap between her and William, the red-headed teenager was still on the fence in regards to the matter.

Although he no longer resisted the idea of the three of them sleeping together, and would often sneak glances at her when she was looking away, she could tell that the Half-Elf still had reservations when it came to taking the last step, that would bridge the distance between the two of them.

As the cold water fell on her lean and toned body, Lilith once again felt a pair of mischievous hands, fondle her breasts from behind.

She had lost count of how many times she had told Raizel to stop doing this kind of thing, but the latter seemed unperturbed about this.

It was as if the young beauty was taking the opportunity to do things that she would no longer be able to do in the future, and Lilith was very helpless against it.

In the end, she still pried the naughty hands away from her chest, and pinched the young beauty's waist as a counter attack.

After a bit of frolicking, they finished washing their bodies and soaked their body's in a bathtub.

"Lilith, I think Will is almost there," Raizel said as she leaned on Lilith's body. "Why don't you test the waters tomorrow night when he drinks your blood? I promise that I will leave the two of you alone, and keep the others away. Use this opportunity to know his thoughts, and see if you can pin him down."

Lilith wrapped her arms around the young beauty's body and held her in place. The Amazon Princess ignored Raizel's words and instead, asked her about her parents. "Tell me more about your Papa. What is he like?"

"I've already told you everything about him," Raizel replied as she placed her hand over Lilith's. She then closed her eyes as she enjoyed Lilith's warmth from behind.

"You did? Is that all you can tell me about your father?" Lilith inquired. "You only told me about his good points. You didn't tell me about his bad points."

"Ah… so you want to know his bad points." Raizel giggled. "Well, Papa has many bad points as well."

"For example?"

"He is overprotective of his daughters."

"I don't think that is a bad thing."

Raizel chuckled. "Oh, you have no idea, Lilith. No man dared to become our suitors because if they didn't die in our great grandpa's hands, they would definitely die in our Papa's hands. There was once this Prince who shook my hand during his visit to our residence.

"That night, someone snuck into his room and broke his arm. The person responsible for doing so even left a note that said… "The next time you annoy me, I will break your third leg.""

Raizel sighed after recalling the memory of that incident. "Too bad, that Prince was one of the experts of the young generation. My grandma wanted him to become my partner, but after the incident, the Prince returned to his empire and never showed his face in front of me again."

The corner of Lilith's lips twitched after hearing Raizel's story.

"You're an Amazon, right? What are your thoughts about getting a partner?" Lilith inquired. "We Amazons only look for strong men to become our mate. Do you feel too restricted from having such an overprotective Papa? What did your Mama say?"

Raizel didn't answer right away. Instead, she lightly squeezed Lilith's hand that was holding her in place.

"She said… she said that I should follow my heart, instead of following the tradition of the Amazons," Raizel answered. "She said that falling in love is a wonderful thing. Mama assured me that if I really found someone I love, she would definitely hold Papa back and let us be together."

Lilith felt something warm spread inside her chest, because she understood that feeling. In the past, she hadn't cared about love, and simply thought of finding a strong warrior to become her mate, in order to do her duty as an Amazon. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

After meeting Raizel, things changed. She no longer wanted a casual relationship. What she wanted was something that would last forever.

"You should follow your mother's words," Lilith commented after calming the emotions in her heart.

"Mmm," Raizel hummed. "I want to fall in love like Mama. However, I wanted my partner to be as strong as Papa. I'm a greedy person, so I want to have both. Since Mama was able to do it, why can't I do the same?"

Lilith lightly kissed Raizel's head. "Indeed. We should not settle for anything less. After all, we are greedy people."

The corner of Raizel's lips curled up into a smile. The young beauty wished that someday, she, too, would also have that fairy tale ending like her mother.

Everyone wants happiness.

Nobody wants pain.

But, one can't have a rainbow…

Without a little rain.