Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 827 - I Want You As My Life Partner. Your Answer?

The sound of falling water spread across the shower room.

William was finding it hard to avert his gaze as he snuck glances at Lilith's backside.

Both of them were showering on opposite sides of the room, but since there were no dividers in place, it was just a wide open area with no place to hide their bodies.

'That's one fine tush,' William thought. 'Raizel didn't lie. It is indeed very attractive.'

Whenever William and Raizel were alone, especially when the Half-Elf needed some blood, the young beauty would often praise Lilith's good traits.

Out of everything that Raizel said about Lilith, one thing stuck out to him and that was the Amazon Princess' irresistible backside, which William was now seeing for the first time.

Using all of his willpower, William reluctantly averted his gaze and focused on scrubbing his body. He didn't know if Raizel was playing a prank on them or not, but since he had already promised to trust her, the Half-Elf decided to just go with the flow.

Lilith, on the other hand, didn't share William's worries. As a warrior, it was very easy for her to feel the stares of other people on her body.

If William could see her face right now, he would notice that Lilith's face was as red as a beet. Although she had already marked William as her treasure, Raizel's appearance in her life had solidified her determination to make the Half-Elf her life partner.

The red-headed teenager wasn't aware that many things had already changed in Lilith's plans since their appearance in the Deadlands.

She no longer planned to kidnap William and drag him to the Amazon Empire, in order to share him with her sisters. The Amazon Princess suddenly felt selfish in regards to the Half-Elf. She wanted to keep him to herself, and not let other girls take him.

Of course, she knew that this was not possible because William was already married to several girls. However, the feeling of wanting to keep him to herself was becoming stronger.

She could also feel that her Divinity was slowly, but surely, awakening from its deep slumber.

'Maybe, this is what it means to be greedy,' Lilith thought. 'I thought that by obtaining material treasures, I would be happy. But now, I want more… I want…'

The image of the young beauty with long red hair, and amber eyes that matched her own, appeared in her vision.

'I want that future,' Lilith slowly raised her hand to reach out towards the falling water droplets above her head. 'I want her in my life.'

A new goal blossomed in Lilith's heart, and her determination soared. After finally understanding what she wanted, she turned around to look at the Half-Elf who was busy scrubbing his body.

Lilith took a step forward then another… towards the person that would make her wish a reality.

As William was about to scrub his back, a pair of hands pressed down on his shoulders.

"Don't move," Lilith whispered. "I'll wash your back for you."

Before Wiliam could even reply, a pair of rough hands, similar to his, started to scrub his back. Lilith was a warrior, so her hands weren't as soft and delicate as the noble ladies that had never held a weapon in their lives.

"Your back is quite broad," Lilith commented. "It feels nice."

William didn't know how to reply to Lilith's comment, so he just kept his silence and allowed the Amazon to wash him properly.

Suddenly, the Half-Elf's body stiffened when he felt Lilith's hand lightly squeeze his bum.

"It's softer than I expected," Lilith said as if she was a connoisseur who was appraising an exotic dish that she had never tried before. "Might as well clean it properly."

William's body shuddered when he felt Lilith's hands knead his bum like a baker on steroids. He had a feeling that the Amazon was just playing around out of curiosity and waiting for him to react to her actions.

However, when he thought about admonishing her, the hands stopped and an arm stretched out to open the shower, sending a steady stream of water to fall upon their two bodies.

Half a minute later, William felt two soft peaks press against his back and a pair of arms wrap around his waist.

"Hey, do you find me attractive?" Lilith asked.

"Very," William replied honestly.

"I want you as my life partner. Your answer?"

"... I don't think I'm ready yet."

Lilith sighed before lightly biting William's shoulder. "When will you be ready?"

"... Must it be today?" William asked softly.

"It doesn't have to be today, but I want an answer soon."

"How soon?"

Lilith pondered for a brief moment before voicing out her thoughts. "Four days from now. When it is time for you to drink my blood again."

"Okay," William replied. "I will give you an answer four days from now."

"You won't try to run away?"

"I won't." 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

"You won't try to avoid me?"

"I won't."

"Good, now turn around," Lilith said as she took a step back and let go of William's body.

William did as he was told, and both of them stared at each other.

A pair of light-green eyes, that were like emeralds, stared into Lilith's amber eyes without blinking.

Lilith pressed her hands over William's shoulders, as she lightly rose to her tiptoes and brushed her lips over William's.

The action was fleeting, but the Half-Elf felt how serious the Amazon Princess was. Because of this, he had also resolved to sort out his feelings seriously, and give her a proper answer on their promised day.

"Let's go," Lilith said as she held William's hand. "We don't want to catch a cold, right?"

"Mmm," William replied as he allowed Lilith to drag him to the bathtub.

That night, William felt his body burning, as Lilith's warmth washed over his body from inside and out.

Lilith's body pressed against him as he drank her blood sparingly. They were both naked and facing each other, but due to their promise, neither of them did anything inappropriate.

William could hear Lilith's strong heartbeat resonate in his ears along with the sinful sighs that escaped her seductive lips.

The Half-Elf hadn't paid too much attention to these sensations in the past, but due to what happened earlier, he had become more aware of her.

Lilith's heartbeat, the sweet and intoxicating taste of her blood, her voice that was tinged with pleasure, and her warmth that fanned the fires of desire in his own heart.

After William finished drinking her blood, the Amazon Princess wrapped her arms around his head, and gave him a long, lingering kiss on the lips.

William subconsciously wrapped his hands around Lilith's waist, to hold her in place.

When the kiss ended, Lilith kissed William's forehead, before reluctantly backing away.

She left the bathtub without saying another word, and took one of the bath towels to cover her body. She gave William one last glance before leaving the room.

William watched her go in a daze. Only after a few minutes passed did he return to his senses.

The Half-Elf felt hot and bothered, and knew that he would not be able to sleep easily that night.

He knew with certainty that after he had finished the mission Raizel gave him, and returned to her room, the three of them would sleep together, like they had been these past few days.

Imagining how the Amazon would be sleeping right next to him, made the fires in his chest burn brighter.

In order to extinguish the burning desire that was plaguing his body, William stayed inside the shower room for another half an hour.

This was the only way that he could think of, in order to survive the next four days, without thinking of the Amazon Princess' passionate, soft, lips that had claimed his own.