Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 828 - A World Where Hope Was Merely A Fleeting Illusion

Wiliam left the Glory Shelter an hour after his steamy talk with Lilith.

He was headed to the North-Eastern outskirts of the Deadlands in order to put the mirror in a place that was likely to be discovered.

According to Raizel, it was highly possible that in a span of two weeks, all the mirrors in the Deadlands, with the exception of the one on the seabed would be found by the Alliance.

Because of this same reason, Raizel was decisive and asked William to take the mirror to the place they talked about as soon as possible.

As a Half-Elf, and a Vampire, William traveled through the city in the middle of the night with absolute confidence.

He had paid close attention to his surroundings and ensured that he wasn't being tracked by anyone. In order to hasten his journey, he rode a bike, which allowed him to arrive at his destination in an hour.

'Now to find a place to hide the mirror,' William thought as he gazed at his surroundings from on top of a building. After considering his choices, the Half-Elf decided to place the mirror inside an antique shop.

This shop would be a very suitable place to look for the mirror, because of the nature of its business.

After completing his mission, William didn't dawdle and returned to the Glory Shelter as fast as he could. Although being discovered in this area wouldn't arouse any suspicions whatsoever, he knew that staying under everyone's radar was still the best option available for him.

As soon as William exited the North-Eastern parts of the Deadlands, his powerful eyesight detected some light sources a mile away from his location.

The Half-Elf immediately entered an abandoned shop near him, which was a pet shop. He moved towards its second floor and positioned himself near the window, overlooking the street.

William was very curious about who would be visiting this area at this time of night.

A few minutes later, he saw a convoy of trucks pass the place he was hiding in.

The corner of William's lips curled into a smirk when he saw the identity of the late-night explorers.

'Swiper,' William mused. 'Are you my tail or something? Why are you always appearing wherever I go?'

The Half-Elf had no love for the Demonic Boar who always did his best to antagonize him, Lilith, and Raizel.

If possible, he would love to smash the Demon's head to meat paste so that all of his troubles would be gone. Unfortunately, the chances of Swiper returning as an undead was very high. It would also create many unforeseen consequences that he didn't want to deal with right now, so the effort was not worth it.

William didn't immediately leave after Swiper's group had left his area. He waited five more minutes before leaving the Pet Shop to return to the Glory Shelter.

Fortunately, his return trip was smooth and he didn't encounter any more mishaps along the way.

The moment he entered Raizel's room, he was surprised to find that the two girls were still awake. It was quite obvious that they were waiting for him to return, which made William feel warm and fuzzy inside.

"What happened?" Raizel asked. "Did you encounter some problems when you delivered the mirror?"

William shook his head. "I saw Swiper's entourage on my return trip, but don't worry, they didn't see me."

The Half-Elf then explained everything that happened on his mission towards the North-Eastern part of the Deadlands without leaving anything behind. After his narration, he excused himself to take a quick shower to remove the dust that had accumulated in his journey outside of the shelter.

However, before he left the room, Raizel handed him a set of pajamas that she had prepared especially for him.

William thanked her and left the room, leaving the two ladies to discuss his latest brush with the inhabitants of the Demonic Shelter.

"If Swiper plans to explore every nook and cranny of the North-Easter regions, he will definitely find the mirror sooner or later," Lilith said with a frown. "At most, we will get the news tomorrow. The only thing I am worried about is his request to Morax. He had a grudge against us, and if he has decided to get back at us using Morax's help, it would definitely be troublesome." Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Raizel nodded her head in agreement. "Indeed. If he really has decided to make a move on us, we might not see it coming even with all our eyes open."

"Then, what do we do?"

"The only thing we can do. Just continue to be vigilant, while we 'look' for the other mirrors."

Lilith sighed. "We will be on the passive side when that happens. Maybe we should get one mirror ourselves and give it to Morax. After that, we request something to ensure our safety."

"Well, that is certainly an option, but what will you ask of him?" Raizel asked with a curious gaze. "I doubt that he will agree if we request that Swiper be killed, imprisoned, or kicked out of the Deadlands."

"True." Lilith admitted. "But, some kind of deterrence is better than nothing, right?"

Raizel covered her lips and giggled. "Frankly, I think having Will around is already a deterrence. You might not know of it, but everyday that passes here in the Deadlands, Will becomes stronger. I don't know if Morax realized this yet, but Will's body is automatically siphoning the Undead energy from the Deadlands.

"Perhaps, Will is not aware of this as well. However, I'm sure that he can feel his body getting stronger with every day that passes, most especially during the night when the Tower activates its powers."

"Will he be as strong as Morax?" Lilith inquired. If the Half-Elf really became as strong as the Dread Lord then they would no longer fear anything in the Deadlands.

Raizel shook her head. "Not at the moment. But, if everything goes according to plan, he will become the Dread Lord's equal, perhaps even stronger."

"Really?"

"Yes."

Lilith glanced at the young beauty that was looking back at her with a smile.

"Why are you smiling?" Lilith inquired.

"It's because I am happy," Raizel answered.

"Happy about what?"

"Happy because you already took the first step, Lilith."

Raizel moved closer and gave the Amazon Princess a light hug.

"Please, do your best," Raizel encouraged. "Just one more push, and Will is in the bag."

The Amazon Princess blushed at Raizel's egging.

Lilith was quite helpless when it came to Raizel's advances. However, what she said was also true. The Amazon Princess recalled the scene back in the shower room, and the memory made her cheeks feel like burning.

Although it only lasted for a brief moment, she felt that Wiliam had returned her kiss when she kissed him in the bathtub.

It meant that the Half-Elf no longer resisted her advances towards him, which made her heart skip a beat.

The two girls chatted for half an hour about different ways to ensnare William.

What they were not aware of was that the Half-Elf was already standing outside the room's door, with an awkward expression on his face.

He arrived a few minutes ago and was about to knock on the door when he overheard what the two girls were talking about.

The corner of his lips twitched when Raizel proposed that Lilith and her should go to one of the abandoned shops near their shelter to look for sexy lingerie that could seduce William.

In the end, William waited for five more minutes before knocking on the door to make his presence known.

When he entered, the two girls were already lying on the bed with beet-red faces, as if they were a pair of thieving cats that had been caught red-handed by the police.

Half an hour later, the Half-Elf slept peacefully on the bed, while being hugged by a beautiful girl on each side.

Lilith and Raizel gave each other a knowing gaze before simultaneously giving William a soft peck on the cheeks on each side.

After sneakily taking advantage of the handsome Half-Elf, both girls closed their eyes to sleep.

Both hoped that when morning came, a new day, filled with happiness and love, would grace the three of them in a world where hope was merely a fleeting illusion that dreamers loved to dream.