Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 829 - Please, Take Off Your Shirt

Just as Raizel and Lilith predicted, the news of Swiper finding the mirror spread throughout the Deadlands around noon. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

The funny thing was that the reason why they knew of this news was because Swiper, himself, had gone to the Glory Shelter to brag about his latest achievement.

He even roared in laughter as he showed the mirror in his hands to William, Lilith, and Raizel, who were doing their best to prevent themselves from spitting on his Demonic Pig's face.

"You see, this is what happens when I become serious," Swiper said as he patted William's shoulder in a friendly manner. "This proves that I'm better than you, right?"

William wanted to roll his eyes at the bragging Demon who was only a few inches from getting his snout smashed to a pulp.

"Well then, since I'm a busy man, I guess I'll be going to the Black Tower now," Swiper declared with a smug expression on his face. "See you later, losers! Hahahaha!"

Swiper's lackeys all laughed in unison as they looked at William's group with disdain. They had searched all night until the sun had started to rise before they found the mirror that Morax was looking for.

As the Demonic Entourage left in the direction of the Black Tower, William shook his head helplessly. If possible, he hadn't wanted Swiper to be the one to find the mirror he hid, but Fate was a fickle lady, who had the hobby of breaking people's expectations.

"Will, I think we need to move to the next stage of our plans," Raizel said after careful consideration. "Time is not on our side."

William turned around to look at the young beauty that was looking at him with a serious expression on her face.

"What are we going to do next?" William asked.

"Follow me," Raizel replied as she turned to go back inside the Glory Shelter.

Just like usual, she had ordered Cathy and Xenovia to look for resources and a mirror within their territory.

This served as a smokescreen to the observers of the Dread Lord, who were regularly patrolling the areas of the Shelters.

This time, Raizel didn't bring William to her room, but in the room next to hers, where William had stayed the night a few days ago.

"Sorry, Lilith, but it will be only William and I who will be talking," Raizel said with an apologetic gaze. "I'm sorry."

"Silly girl, what are you being sorry about?" Lilith replied as she held her hand. "If it is something that I shouldn't listen to then that's fine with me."

"Thank you."

"I'll just go to your room for the time being and wait for the two of you to finish your business."

Lilith didn't say another word and went to Raizel's room, closing the door behind her.

Raizel took a deep breath as if she was preparing herself for something before she entered the room.

William, who still had no idea what the young beauty had planned, entered the room behind her.

"Please, lock the door," Raizel said. "This is to ensure that we won't be interrupted during our… exercise."

The Half-Elf nodded and locked the door as he was told. He then moved towards Raizel who was sitting on top of the bed with a determined expression on her face.

"I told you before that in order to have a chance of winning, you must trust me with your life," Raizel stated. "No matter how unreasonable my request will be, you will have to do it without any hesitation. I ask you now, will you trust me?"

"Yes," William answered. "I trust you."

"Good." Raizel sighed in relief. "Then let's begin. Please, take off your shirt."

The rustling of clothes echoed within the walls of the room, heralding the start of the second phase of Raizel's plan.

While this was happening, Swiper had finally arrived in the vicinity of the Black Tower where Morax's Death Lords were already waiting for his arrival.

The Dread Lord received Swiper in his throne room with a big smile on his face that made the Demonic Boar feel less anxious.

"I knew that you would not let me down, Swiper," Morax said. "Fortunately, I didn't make a mistake when I chose you to become my spy among the Shelters."

Swiper respectfully bowed his head as he presented the mirror to Morax.

"Your Excellency, I am but your humble, and loyal, supporter," Swiper declared. "As long as I am able to help, I will not hesitate to go above my capabilities to meet your expectations."

Morax nodded his head in appreciation before accepting the mirror in Swiper's hands. "You are truly a subordinate that I can be proud of. Now, tell me, what is it that you wish for?"

The image of William's arrogant face briefly appeared in Swiper's mind, as he raised his head to look at the Dread Lord who was waiting for his reply. For a very long time, Swiper had wished that he could trample on the Half-Elf's face and regain his pride.

Now that an opportunity was right in front of him, wouldn't it be a shame not to use it to his advantage?

"Your Excellency, I wish to deal with the Half-Elf who has recently appeared in the Glory Shelter," Swiper stated."He is also the same person that dealt with your Death Lord and Bone Dragon during the Haunting. The same person who has shown you disrespect in this very throne room."

"Ah, that person." Morax nodded. "Well, he truly is an eyesore. But, he is also actively searching for the mirror on my behalf. Even so, since you want to deal with him then I can make it happen… the question is, how do you want to deal with him?"

Swiper gritted his teeth as he voiced out his inner thoughts."Your Excellency, I wish to…"

Morax listened to Swiper's request with a calm expression on his face. After hearing what the Demonic Boarkin had to say, the Dread Lord pondered for a bit before giving his reply.

"Your request is not impossible to realize," Morax replied after careful consideration. "But, the timing is important. If I were to make a move right now, the other leaders of the Shelters will be wary, and there is a chance that they will refuse to cooperate. Although I can use force to quell their resistance, I have more important matters that come before any desire to wipe them off from the face of the Deadlands.

Also, you will instantly become a suspect and will be alienated by the rest of the Alliance. Like I said, it is not impossible for your request to be realized, but the timing must be done right.

"How about this? We will wait until all the mirrors are gathered before we make our move. I promise you that when that time comes, I will let you personally deal with that Half-Elf after I'm done with him. With this, we can accomplish both of our goals with minimal to zero risk. It's a win-win situation for both of us, what do you think?"

Swiper pondered for a bit before firmly nodding his head. "I will do my best to endure, Your Excellency. I just hope that the wait will be worth it."

"Trust me. I will make sure that you will be satisfied with the results."

"Thank you, Your Excellency. I look forward to the day where both of our wishes will be realized."

After a bit of chit chat, Swiper left the Black Tower with his subordinates and returned to the Demonic Shelter to rest. The Dread Lord watched them leave with an indifferent expression on his face before gazing in the direction of the Glory Shelter.

"Mortals are truly interesting creatures," Morax muttered. The corner of his lips curled up into a smile as he thought of the wishes of those that had presented mirrors to him.

"For pride, greed, lust, envy, gluttony, wrath, and sloth, they are willing to step on any number of corpses just to satisfy their desires… and people say that I'm the evil one? How laughable."

Morax shook his head before closing his eyes. He could gradually feel that the time he was waiting for was at hand.

All he needed to do was wait for all the mirrors… to fall into his hands.