Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 830 - Parallel Wishes

Two days had passed since Swiper had given the mirror to Morax, and the Demonic Shelter's prestige was at an all time high.

With three out of the nine mirrors found, everyone was putting in double the effort in finding the six remaining mirrors.

Even William, Lilith, and Raizel had no choice but to "act" like they were desperate to find the remaining mirrors in order to let Morax, and the other Leaders think that they were doing their best to find it.

Lilith was now familiar with the aura of the mirrors, so she was able to tell William and Raizel about their locations. However, they didn't make any moves to obtain them. They simply wandered around the Deadlands, looking for other treasures.

It didn't come as a surprise when Lilith managed to find one more treasure as they traveled around the city.

Lilith guided William and Raizel to the location where she sensed the treasure. After nearly an hour of travel, they arrived at a small abandoned temple at the Western side of the Deadlands.

As they explored its interior, Lilith opened a small wooden box and found a pair of golden earrings. One of the earrings had a blue gem in its center, while the other one had a red gem.

When Raizel saw these earrings, her eyes widened in shock and disbelief.

'So, this is where they found them,' Raizel thought as she held the two earrings in her hands as if they were priceless treasures.

She eyed them closely to ensure that they were the same earrings in her memory. After a minute of close observation, she affirmed that these were the same ones she knew of.

"Are you familiar with these earrings?" William asked after seeing Raizel's surprised expression.

"I-I've seen it in an ancient text in the past," Raizel stuttered. "They say that when two people who are in love wear these rings, they will be able to see the path to Nirvana."

"Really?" Lilith asked as she eyed the earring with a red gem embedded in it.

Raizel suddenly had a flash of inspiration as a mischievous smile appeared on her lips. "How about we give it a try? Will, can you lower your head for a bit?"

"Hmm? Okay." William obeyed and lowered his head. He already had an idea of what Raizel was trying to do, but he couldn't find it in his heart to reject the young lady's request.

Holding the golden earring with the blue gem at its center, Raizel attached it to William's right ear.

The instant the earring was firmly clasped on his ear, William felt a tingling sensation wash over his body for a brief moment, before disappearing completely.

"How is it?" Raizel inquired. "Has something changed with your vision?"

William blinked once then twice before focusing his eyes on his surroundings. William already had a 20/20 vision in the past, so he could see things very clearly. However, after being conscious of Raizel's words, he noticed that he could see other, more subtle, things in his surroundings that he had never seen before.

He could see a few faintly glowing particles in the air surrounding them. He didn't know what they were, but something was telling him that these small particles were something important.

"I can see some sort of light particles around us," William replied as he tried to examine the particles by lightly touching them. However his fingers just passed through them as if they were something that couldn't be grasped by anyone.

"What are these things?" William inquired.

"Laws," Raizel answered. "Well, part of the laws that bind this world together."

After finding out that the earring was working properly, Raizel approached Lilith with a smile and attached the earring to her left ear.

Just like William, Lilith didn't resist Raizel's action. She knew that Raizel wouldn't harm her in any way.

Also, seeing that the Half-Elf was wearing the other earring, the Amazon Princess felt the young beauty was back to playing her role as a cupid in order to bring them closer together.

"Now then, let's test whether your earring works or not," Raizel clapped her hands happily as she shifted her devilish smile at the red-headed teenager who suddenly felt goosebumps on his body.

One glance was enough to tell William that the young beauty was up to no good!

"Will, do you love me?" Raizel asked with a bashful expression.

The corner of William's lips twitched because he felt that this was a tricky question. He understood that this was one of Raizel's pranks, so he decided to put the young lady in her place.

"No," William replied, which made Raizel pout.

"... You're lying," Lilith commented. It was at that moment when she realized that she suddenly gained the ability to tell whether a person was lying or not.

"Hmp! So, you lied to me," Raizel complained as she lightly hit William's chest with her closed fist.

Naturally, this playful action didn't hurt anyone. After taking her revenge, Raizel winked at Lilith and mouthed a few words without being seen by William.

The Amazon Princess froze because she knew lip reading and understood what Raizel was trying to tell her.

However, Lilith just shook her head and smiled. "I will know the answer soon. There's no need to put him on a spot right now." Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

"Then ask him other questions."

"Like what?"

"Like, what is his favorite food? Hobbies, etc?"

Lilith nodded "That sounds like a good idea. I'll do that after we return to the Shelter. But, you need to answer my question first."

Raizel smirked. "That will depend on what question you are going to ask me. If it's something I can't answer, I won't answer no matter what."

"What are the names of these earrings?"

"Parallel Wishes," Raizel answered. "The earrings that were said to show the path to Nirvana to two people who truly love each other. Isn't it romantic?"

The young beauty winked at Lilith before turning around to look at William, who was pretending to read the ancient scripts that were left inside the temple.

Seeing that the Half-Elf had no intention of cooperating with her, Raizel shook her head before looking out of the window of the temple.

"It's almost sunset. Let's go back to the Shelter," Raizel said. She then looked at Lilith with a serious expression as she spoke out her mind. "Also, Lilith after dinner, it will be your turn to help me."

Lilith was surprised at first before nodding her head. For two nights, William and Raizel had holed themselves up in the room right next to hers.

Out of respect for their privacy, Lilith didn't bother to eavesdrop by using the mark that she had placed on William.

Although she was very curious to know what they were doing inside the room together, she decided to trust Raizel, and just waited for her to return.

William, who heard Raizel's words, didn't respond. Raizel had already informed him a day ago that it will be Lilith's turn today, so he was already expecting this to happen.

He couldn't possibly tell anyone what the young beauty and he was doing during those two days that they were together.

Even if he did mention it to someone, he was very confident that no one would believe him. Since that was the case, it was better to keep his lips shut tight.

Deep inside, he was very curious about what Raizel planned to do with Lilith.. He just hoped that whatever the young beauty had planned for the Amazon Princess, it wouldn't be the same as the exercise that they were doing together.