Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 831 - Dreaming Of Happy Dreams

'It hurts…,' Lilith panted as her hands clenched the bed sheets.

She had never felt this kind of pain before and it almost drove her crazy. It was as if she was being split in half, and the searing pain made her unconsciously bite her lip.

Lilith didn't know how long it lasted, for every second felt like days, and minutes like years.

Blood stains dyed the white sheets as Lilith lay on the bed, bereaved of strength. She had already lost consciousness at that point, and tears streamed down at the corner of her eyes.

"That was more intense than I thought," Raizel said as she, too, panted for breath. "It's so hot."

A minute later, the young beauty collapsed over Lilith's body, bereft of consciousness. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

—--

William had been told to go somewhere far away from Raizel's room for the time being, because Raizel knew how sensitive his ears were.

Of course, the Half-Elf didn't have any objections in regards to the young beauty's request. William decided to rest on the rooftop of the stadium, while waiting for the two girls to finish whatever they were doing.

As the night deepened, William kept his vigil on the rooftop while sorting out his thoughts.

He was thinking about his feelings for Lilith and how he wanted to proceed going forward.

'I wonder how Ashe, Sidonie, and Chiffon will react when we get out of this place,' William thought. He then sighed deeply because he missed them dearly. It was not only them that the Half-Elf was thinking of.

Wendy's, Est's, and Celine's images appeared inside his head as well. They were among the women who held a significant part of William's heart.

Wendy, who opened up his heart to love, was someone he treasured greatly. Without her, the Half-Elf would have not thought of the possibility of loving someone else aside from Belle.

Her straightforward innocence had wormed her way inside his heart, and claimed her place as his First Wife.

'I miss you, Wendy,' William thought as the feelings of tenderness rose up from his heart.

Soon, Wendy's face disappeared and was replaced with a silver-haired beauty with crimson eyes. She was none other than Est's original form, which had been sealed due to the curse of the Gods.

William could still remember how he tried to teach her things like kissing, which made Est blush until the tip of her ears were red.

William's best friend, and lover, was like a white rose that knew nothing of the world. The mere act of teaching her the things that couples did made William feel as if he was corrupting someone very pure.

Est was someone who wanted to learn on how to make him happy. Although she was a bit clumsy in doing so, her efforts had melted William's heart, which made him feel blessed because someone like her had chosen him as her lover.

She could only retain her original form inside William's Sea of Consciousness, so whenever the two of them were alone together, they would meet in the Half-Elf's spiritual world, and reinforce the feelings they had for each other, in both words, and actions.

"After I finish Aamon's quest, I will return to the Southern Continent to marry her," William said softly. "Maybe I can convince her to hold the wedding in Lont. Yes. That would be the best."

Although William didn't mind a Grand Wedding like he'd had with Princess Sidonie, he still preferred something simple. For him, a wedding was a union of hearts between two people. Even if the whole world wasn't looking at them, as long as they were together, that was more than enough.

Soon, the image of William's First Master appeared in front of him.

Without a doubt, Celine was William's first love in Lont. When he first saw her, he was immediately captivated by her beauty.

Celine was a very beautiful lady. Among his wives, only Princess Sidonie could match her in the aesthetic department.

Their last meeting was filled with pent up emotions that had been held back for many years. William had unleashed his pain, and anger, at her during that time. He told her how he felt betrayed after she enslaved him, he told her how much her Dark Curses hurt him.

He told her everything, and Celine accepted his feelings as he cried in her embrace.

She didn't apologize to William, and the Half-Elf had no need for her apology. After those pent up emotions had been brought out to the surface, a storm descended, and the beautiful Elf found herself being battered by the waves of passion that William had unleashed upon her beautiful body, that had not been touched by any man.

He made sure to place his mark on her body, inside and out. Celine had accepted them all, and surprisingly, she even subtly asked for more.

They spent several days together, and although they hadn't talked about their current relationship, both knew that they couldn't return to what they were in the past.

Even so, on the last night that they were together, William had whispered in her ears that she was his woman, and he was her man.

Celine didn't answer him, but after William had said those words to her, she kissed him on the lips and held him tight. Shortly thereafter, they made love with each other once more as the fires of passion consumed their hearts and bodies.

'Master, please, return soon,' William sighed as he thought of his Master, Celine, who was currently in the Demonic Lands looking for her own Master. 'We need to have a proper talk, and sort out this relationship we have.'

A few more hours passed as William stared at the full moon that illuminated the surroundings. He had already felt the major changes that had happened in his body, and although he didn't have the System to confirm his suspicions, he believed that his Prestige Class, Vampiric Necromancer, had made a breakthrough.

William was a hundred percent certain that he had now become a Vampire Prince, which was the next stage of the Vampiric Necromancer.

Suddenly, the earring on his right ear gave a faint ringing sound.

Soon, Lilith's exhausted voice reached his ears, telling him that he could now return to the room.

A few minutes later, William opened the door to Raizel's room.

Raizel was sleeping peacefully in Lilith's embrace, exhaustion written on her face.

The Amazon Princess, on the other hand, looked so sleepy that she could barely open her eyes.

Her pitiful state moved William so he sat on the bed and brushed away the hair that blocked her face with his fingers.

"Just sleep," William said. "I'll keep you girls safe."

"... Mmm." Lilith hummed as she closed her eyes.

A few seconds later, she also fell asleep hugging Raizel in a protective embrace.

William moved to the other side of the bed and gave Raizel a hug. Right now, the young beauty was sandwiched between him and Lilith, which was a first for them. Usually, it was William who was always in the middle, so this change of pace felt refreshing.

After being hugged from behind, the exhausted expression on Raizel's face eased up a bit. Being enveloped by the warmth of the two people beside her, the young beauty slept deeply, and dreamed of happy dreams.

Dreams of all the times she had spent together with her loving family.