Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 834 - Quality Over Quantity

"Sir William, don't hesitate to call me again if you ever need more blood," Cathy said with a blush as she stood up from the bed. "I will always be available for you."

"Thank you, Cathy," William replied. "I will keep that in mind."

William had just finished drinking her blood, and this time, he drank until he was full. He wanted to know how powerful Cathy's blood regeneration was, and his discovery left him speechless.

At first he drank her blood sparingly, but after sensing that Cathy's blood was regenerating at a rapid rate, he decided to take it to the next level and drank deeply.

Cathy didn't voice out any complaints, and only sighs of pleasure escaped her lips. After making sure that the pretty lady was still in good health, William continued to drink her blood until he was full.

For the first time since William had entered the Deadlands, his blood thirst had been properly sated. He was confident that even if he didn't drink blood for four to five days, his blood thirst—which had been amplified by the Black Tower—would be kept at bay.

This made William quite happy because he was truly not comfortable with drinking Raizel's blood in order to ease up his blood cravings. As for Lilith, she alone would not be able to keep up with his needs, so having Cathy around was a godsend.

Also, Lilith, and Raizel were the combat experts of their shelter. Drinking their blood would leave them in a weakened state, which Wiliam didn't want to have happen.

'For now, I'll just drink Cathy's blood,' William thought as he waved goodnight to the over enthusiastic girl, who was still looking at him with an infatuated look.

When Cathy finally returned to her room, William went to check on Lilith and Raizel, whose fevers had gone down thanks to the berries that Avril gave them.

"You look quite satisfied," Lilith said in a teasing tone. "Is Cathy's blood that tasty?"

"Right, is her blood tastier than ours?" Raizel decided to join Lilith's interrogation and asked William with a mischievous gaze. "Just so you know, depending on your answer, the place where you will be sleeping tonight might change."

The corner of William's lips twitched as he looked at the two beautiful girls who were eyeing him with a suspicious look.

He could tell at a glance that Raizel was serious. If he really gave them an answer they didn't like, he might be sleeping on the floor tonight.

"Both of your blood is tastier than hers," William replied. "It's like comparing quality over quantity. The masses will choose quantity, while true professionals will prefer quality."

Even if someone were to point a gun on William's head at that moment, he would not dare to tell the two girls that Cathy's blood was better than theirs.

In fact, William found the pretty girl's blood to be quite tasty. Not only that, it was unlimited as well. However, he would not admit this while under the scrutinizing gaze of the two girls who were both holding pillows in their hands.

"Well, at least you know what quality is," Lilith replied as she moved a bit to the right side of the bed.

"That's right," Raizel commented as she moved a little to the left, leaving some space in the middle for William to comfortably sleep between the two of them.

As soon as William laid on the bed, the two girls hugged him. A minute passed as the three enjoyed this feeling of comfort. However, William had some matters to discuss with the two of them, so he decided to take the initiative before the two girls fell asleep.

"The two of you already know that we need to meet Morax soon," William said. "Help me think of a request that wouldn't sound unusual coming from me."

Raizel, who was hugging William from his left side, giggled. "The answer to this is simple. Just ask him to kill Swiper. I'm sure that Morax will not find this request suspicious."

Lilith nodded. "That's right. In fact, this is the safest request you can make."

"I already thought about this request, but we all know that Morax will not accept it. What we need to think about is a back up request," William stated. "Help me think of a good idea."

"How about you ask him to preside over your marriage with Lilith?" Raizel proposed. "My idea is good, right?"

William shook his head. "Be serious, Raizel. You can't possib–"

"So, you're saying that you don't want to marry me?" Lilith asked in a calm manner.

William suddenly felt the hairs on the back of his neck stand on end as Lilith's hold on his body tightened slightly.

"It's not that! How can I possibly allow a Dread Lord to supervise over my wedding?"

"Oh! So, you're not against marrying Lilith?"

William wanted to pinch the young beauty beside him so badly. It was too late for him to realize that he had been played by Raizel by throwing out the idea about marrying Lilith.

"... So, this is what you were aiming for, Raizel," William said as he stared at the young beauty who was grinning at him. He then lightly squeezed Lilith's hand as he turned his head to the right side of the bed. "I promised you that I would not run and avoid the topic. Let's talk about it tomorrow. Just the two of us." Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Seeing how serious William was, Lilith sighed and nodded her head. She then moved closer and allowed herself to rest in William's warm embrace.

"Is this favoritism?" Raizel complained with a pout. She then did the same thing that Lilith did and enjoyed the look of awkwardness on William's face.

"Let's return to the topic at hand," William stated in order to change the topic. "We need to come up with an answer tomorrow. I plan to meet Morax two days from now."

"Why do you have to wait for two days?" Lilith asked.

William smiled. "Because our talk tomorrow is more important than Morax."

"What kind of talk is this?" Raizel asked with great curiosity. "Come on, tell me. Let me know as well."

William glanced at the young beauty before shifting his gaze to Lilith. The Amazon Princes was giving him the "don't even think about telling her" stare, which made the Half-Elf hold back the words that he was about to say.

After a few minutes of fooling around. The three finally came to a consensus about what to tell Morax during their next meeting.. With that problem out of the way, the three slept peacefully in each other's embrace.