Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 835 - Teach Me How To Make You Feel Good - R18 [Part 1]

(Disclaimer: This chapter contains R-18 Scenes. You already know what this is about, so I don't need to tell you what is going to happen. However, for the sake of formalities, those who are not comfortable with reading these sensuous scenes should just skip this chapter.)

By the next day, Lilith and Raizel had made a full recovery.

After thinking about the mishap that happened the day before, Raizel realized that she would need a different method in order to acquire what she needed from Lilith.

She originally thought that her body was strong enough to help her succeed in her plan, but she had greatly underestimated the Amazon Princess' full potential, which led to the two of them to experience a world of pain.

Raizel would never want to experience that kind of pain again, so she was taking this matter seriously.

"Today, let's do an experiment with the two of you," Raizel said. "Maybe it will work if William is the one to do it."

Lilith unconsciously shuddered when she remembered the otherworldly pain that she had suffered when Raizel attempted to borrow something from her. She then glanced at the young beauty in front of her with a troubled look.

"Be honest, you just don't want to experience the backlash if it ends in failure, right?"

"... Yes."

The young beauty immediately folded under Lilith's unforgiving gaze. Seeing that Raizel didn't plan on getting hurt the second time, the Amazon Princess could only sigh as she gazed at William with a doubtful expression.

The Half-Elf, who had no idea what the two girls had been through, could only tilt his head in confusion.

"This is an important part of our plan, and we need to find a way to make it happen." Raizel decided to strike while the iron was still hot. "Just give it a try once. I think that the probability of it succeeding with the two of you together is very high.

"Don't worry, I will explain the method to William. All you need to do is open yourself up to him, Lilith, like you did with me."

Lilith could only reluctantly nod her head in agreement before looking at William with a determined expression on her face.

There were only the three of them in the shelter because Cathy and Xenovia had once again taken the rest of the Glory Shelter survivors out to gather resources.

For Raizel, this was the best opportunity for them to perform their experiment, without worrying about others accidentally discovering what they were up to.

"Okay, this is what you need to do, Will." The young beauty explained the step by step process on how to succeed in the task that he needed to do.

At first, William was flabbergasted by Raizel's daring approach. Even he didn't think that such a possibility existed. With a face filled with doubts, he faced Lilith and asked her a question.

"Is this really going to work?"

"We will never know until we try."

"Don't worry, you two, there's a first time for everything! They say that the third time's the charm!"

Lilith lightly pinched the young beauty's cheeks as she voiced her complaint. "This is only the second try. Are you telling me that we still need a third try in order to succeed?"

"I-I Misspoke! The second time's the charm!"

"You'd better have."

Rubbing her pained cheeks, Raizel looked at William with a face filled with injustice. "You better succeed, okay? My happiness is counting on you."

William shook his head helplessly as he held Lilith's hand. "Let's do it. I don't know if it will succeed, but it won't hurt to try."

"Oh, trust me, it will hurt," Lilith replied but she held William's hand firmly. "I hope you're ready for this."

Half a day later…

William leaned weakly on the couch, while Lilith was slumped on the bed.

The Amazon Princess was bereft of strength, while the Half-Elf was overflowing with it.

"Y-You finally succeeded," Raizel said as she placed her hand on William's chest. She could feel the power radiating from the gem on William's chest and confirmed that the experiment worked. "You really did it."

"After six attempts, yes," William replied as he tried to stabilize the power in his body.

"How long do you think you can hold it in?"

"The shortest is half a day. The longest will be a day, but no more than that."

Raizel nodded her head. "Half a day is more than enough. At most, we will only need a few hours."

The young beauty helped William stand up and supported his body. The two of them walked towards the bed, where the Amazon Princess was still panting for breath.

"I'm giving it back," WIlliam stated as he and Raizel helped Lilith into a seating position. This power was not something he could hold onto for a long time, and the sooner he returned it to its owner, the sooner both of them would recover from their abnormal conditions.

Two hours later…

Lilith leaned on William's chest as they soaked in the bathtub.

After the experiment had ended, the Half-Elf and the Amazon Princess were able to recover quickly. In fact, both of them were able to recover to their peak condition with just an hour's rest.

After eating dinner, Raizel decided to stay inside her room to rest, while the two went to the shower room to wash the sweat off their bodies.

They had washed their bodies in silence, before tacitly stepping into the bathtub together.

The two didn't say anything and simply held each other in an embrace that spoke volumes.

A few minutes passed, before Lilith raised her head and looked up at William with an affectionate gaze.

The Half-Elf then lowered his head and kissed her soft lips.

The kiss only lasted for a few seconds, but it was more than enough to convey his feelings to her.

"Thank you for not running away," Lilith said as a tear streamed down the side of her face. "I didn't know that I would feel this way towards any man. In the past, I looked down on the Amazons who chose love over strength. Now, I know better."

The Amazon Princess pressed her hand over the gem embedded on William's chest, as she gazed at a pair of light-green eyes that were looking at her with tenderness.

"Do you promise to love me as well?" she asked.

"I promise," Will replied.

Lilith smiled. "I think, if not for the workings of a little cupid, the two of us being together like this would not be possible, don't you think?"

William nodded. "I will not deny it. I never saw you as a love interest. All I saw was an Amazon who was after my drop dead gorgeous genes."

"You're being too honest. Can't you hold back a bit?"

"I think honesty is important in the relationship we have now. I believe that both of us will be able to walk forward hand in hand, if we are not afraid to speak what is in our hearts to each other."

Lilith smiled because she also thought the same way. Right now, her heart felt warm and fuzzy.

Looking at the handsome man looking down at her with tenderness was enough for her to know that her decision to take that final step was the right choice to make.

The Amazon Princess lightly caressed the side of William's face before rising up to kiss his lips.

This time, the kiss was long and passionate, and both of them returned each other's feelings in full.

A minute later, their lips parted. Lilith then cupped William's face and planted a kiss on his forehead.

"Love me, Will," Lilith said softly. "Mark me as your lover."

She then wrapped her arms around William's head as she raised her body until William's face was at her chest level.

William pulled the plug to drain the water as he opened his lips to kiss the pink tips that were presented to him. He kissed, licked, sucked, and rolled the tips around with his tongue, marking them as his own.Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

It was not only William's lips that were sending shivers down her spine.

His left hand caressed her backside, while his right, teased her forbidden fruit.

Lilith tried to endure the Half-Elf's relentless assault on her beautiful body, that had known no man, but it was futile.

This was the first time she was experiencing something pleasurable like this. Clearly, she was no match for the Half-Elf, who had fought fierce night battles with his wives on a weekly basis.

Lilith's body uncontrollably shuddered as she reached her first climax. The waves of pleasure that washed over her body were so powerful, that she almost fell out of the bathtub.

Fortunately, William was supporting her body, so she didn't fall.

After she regained her composure, she looked at William with a face filled with yearning.

"Teach me," Lilith said. "Teach me how to make you feel good."

"Okay." William smiled and kissed her lips before telling her to kneel in front of him.

William told her what she needed to do, and the Amazon Princess performed her task to the best of her abilities.

Although she had already seen William's little brother on several occasions, this was the first time she was seeing it up close.

Her sensuous lips parted as she planted a kiss on its tip. Soon Lilith found herself falling into a daze.

She licked, kissed, and at times, put William's… inside her mouth.

It was at that moment when William realized that Lilith was seriously doing her best to learn how to make him feel good, which made him very happy.

Although she was a bit clumsy, and at times accidentally brushed her teeth against his…

William knew that the beautiful lady in front of him would surpass even Sidonie's sexual expertise the more he trained her.

The Half-Elf felt that he was about to reach his limit, so he lightly patted Lilith's head to tell her to stop. This was the first time that they would do it together, so he wanted to do it properly, and release it inside her womb, rather than have her drink it through her soft, and sensuous lips.