Chapter 836 - Teach Me How To Make You Feel Good - R18 [Part 2]

William dried Lilith's body and carried her out of the shower room in a princess carry. They didn't head back to Raizel's room. Instead, they went to the room that was near the shower area.

The Half-Elf had prepared this room in advance because he knew that Lilith was a bold and aggressive lady. If the Amazon Princess were to really want to do intimate things with him, William knew that he must not reject her feelings.

William laid Lilith on the bed, whose body was only covered with a bath towel. Her face was still flushed due to the things they did earlier, and her gaze was telling him that she wanted more of his affection.

This time, it was William who took the initiative to kiss Lilith. He pried her soft lips open with his tongue, and gave her a long, and passionate kiss that took her breath away.

His right hand entered the bath towel and playfully teased the tip of Lilith's left breast. He flicked, pinched, and pressed down on it, which made the Amazon Princess pull back on William's deep kiss as she panted for breath.

Looking at her dazed expression, William unfurled the bath towel that covered her seductive body.

As a warrior, Lilith's body was very fit, and her muscles revealed how much she had trained in her life. William unconsciously swallowed as he appraised the Amazon Princess' body. He could feel the strength it radiated, and yet, her womanly curves weren't compromised by it.

Instead, it even enhanced them, which was a stark contrast to the bodies of his wives who were fair, and delicate. The only one that came close to Lilith's physical charms was the adult Wendy's body, who was a captain of the Valkyries in her past life.

The Amazon Princess looked up at Wiliam with eyes filled with desire. Her sensuous lips moved to form words, asking the Half-Elf if he liked what he saw.

"You're beautiful, Lilith," William replied as he kissed her forehead. "Very beautiful."

William gave her lips a brief kiss, before moving his head downwards. Lilith's lightly tanned body shuddered as William's lips left a trail of kisses on it.

"You love my breasts," Lilith commented as William sucked on her left breast, while playing with the other with his right hand. "Are they better than Sidonie's?"

The Half-Elf momentarily released the pink tip that was standing firm inside his mouth and answered her question.

"Sidonie is Sidonie, you are you," William replied as his right hand lightly pinched Lilith's… "Why are you always trying to compete with her?"

"... I don't know," Lilith replied as she held William's head and guided it back to her left breast. "I just feel that among your wives, she is the greatest threat that stands in my way."

"Usually, you should be the one to tell me to not think of other women while we make love," William smiled. "But, don't worry. After I'm through with you, you will realize that you don't need to compete with her. After all, both of you are my women."

William opened his lips and sucked on the firm tip that he had neglected earlier. He wanted to let Lilith know that she shouldn't feel insecure about Princess Sidonie's seductive body, because her own body was quite attractive as well.

In time, William's head traveled downwards. He kissed the outlines of Lilith's abs, as his hands grabbed hold of her legs and parted them.

William kissed her lower abdomen repeatedly, as if marking it as his own. The Amazon Princess wasn't aware that she had stroked William's inner desire for conquest.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Usually, it was the Amazons who felt this way. For them, conquering men and dominating them were the true traits of an Amazon Warrior. However, right now, the roles were reversed.

It was William who wanted to conquer Lilith, and the latter offered herself to him in sweet surrender.

Suddenly, a gasp escaped the warrior princess' lips when Wiliam's tongue licked her entrance.

The Half-Elf was doing his best to hold himself back, as he prepared his lover for their first union.

The new wave of pleasure made Lilith subconsciously hold William's head, allowing his ministrations to reach deeper inside her.

The fire burning inside her chest was growing stronger, while her entire being shivered under William's sensual attacks.

A few minutes later, her body shuddered and her world turned white as the Half-Elf brought her to the peak of pleasure.

When William looked up to check her condition, he was surprised to see that Lilith had actually fainted after reaching her climax.

'She's so sensitive,' William mused as he lightly tapped Lilith's cheeks to wake her up. "It's too early for you to sleep. We're just getting started."

Since Lilith was a Warrior, she was able to regain her consciousness in half a minute. However, she couldn't move her body because she felt like jelly.

"Did it feel good?" William asked as he lightly caressed her face.

"Yes," Lilith replied in a daze. "It is the best thing I ever experienced in my life."

"Well, there is a first time for everything. I will also be taking another one of your firsts. Are you ready?"

"... Mmm."

Lilith nodded as she looked up at the handsome Half-Elf whom she had chosen to become her life partner. She knew that when this night was over, she would no longer wish to share him with her sisters back in the Amazon Empire.

"Make me yours, Will," Lilith said in a voice filled with love and affection. "Give me your baby."

As if a string had snapped inside William's consciousness, the Half-Elf rubbed his manhood on Lilith's entrance, which was now soaked with her desire.

When William pushed his hips forward, Lilith clenched the bed sheets with her hands, as both of them became one.

She was told that the first time would be painful, but the pain she felt was only fleeting. It was similar to how it felt when William drank her blood. After the brief pain, pleasure followed, and Lilith found herself sighing as the Half-Elf pushed deeper to reach her deepest part.

With every thrust, Lilith could feel that her body was slowly learning William's shape and size. The Amazon could feel her insides melting due to how hard and hot the Half-Elf's manhood was inside her.

Soon, William's movement became rougher, and she could instinctively tell that he was nearing his limit. Her breast swayed with every thrust, and her moans echoed inside the room, fueling the Half-Elf's desire to release everything inside her.

Lilith wasn't aware that her legs had subconsciously wrapped themselves around William's waist, and her hands were holding unto his arms.

Her lower half wasn't touching the bed, and was raised to meet his every thrust, as if to ensure that it would be able to take all of his essence without spilling a drop.

It was at that moment when she heard William's gasp, followed by something hot seeping directly inside her womb.

Lilith held William's manhood in a gentle, and comfortable tightness that encouraged him to release more of his essence inside her, making the Half-Elf feel as if his very soul had accompanied his seed into Lilith's womb.

After panting for a full minute, William pulled back slowly as he finally regained the ability to speak. This was the first time he had experienced a release this strong, and it scared the heck out of him.

Meanwhile, he noticed that the Amazon Princess had fainted once again.

William could not bear to continue while his lover was unconscious, so he decided to stop here for the time being.

He scooped Lilith up in a princess carry and brought her back to the shower room to clean her up. Even with the water falling on her beautiful body, the Amazon remained unconscious.

William made sure to clean her up properly, before bringing her back to the room. He laid her on the nearby couch while he quickly changed the bed sheets that were stained by their love making and put them off to the side.

Picking Lilith up in his arms once more, he lay on the bed beside the Amazon Princess and held her securely in his protective, and loving, embrace. As he listened to his lover's sleeping breaths, he could not stop his thoughts wandering over to the young beauty whose hair color resembled his, and whose eye color resembled Lilith's.

He knew that if they hadn't met her, neither of them would have crossed the final line and taken their relationship to the next level because the Amazon Princess had only been after him for his seed, while he had been solely focused on lifting the curses on Est's, Ian's, and Isaac's bodies.

Their priorities were different. And yet, after being trapped inside the Deadlands, and meeting Raizel, the two found themselves questioning whether they should take their relationship seriously or not.

In the end, both of them made a choice, and this choice led to their current situation.

William subconsciously caressed Lilith's lower abdomen, where her womb was located, and wondered if he had gotten her pregnant.

It was not like he hadn't thought of the possibility of having kids when he made love to his lovers, but this occasion was different.

With the possibility of Raizel being their future daughter, William had been more conscious when it came to making love with Lilith.

He didn't know when his lover would conceive, but a part of him was looking forward to holding their precious baby in his arms. The Half-Elf made a vow then and there that he would be a good father, and make sure to kill any boy, who dared to even touch his daughters' hands.

With these tender thoughts inside his head, William fell asleep holding Lilith in his arms.

Neither of them were aware that somewhere within the Glory Shelter, a young beauty was praising herself for a job well done.