Chapter 837 - Teach Me How To Make You Feel Good - R18 [Part 3]

When Lilith opened her eyes, she found herself wrapped up in Wiliam's embrace.

She was still half asleep, so she was confused when she woke up to such a scene, but a few seconds later, the images of what they did last night flashed inside her head.

All the remnants of sleep vanished without a trace as her face turned beet red from the scenes that she remembered.

'I know that I am bold, but I never thought I was that bold,' Lilith wanted to cover her face with her hands out of embarrassment, but her current situation prevented her from doing so.

She could still remember when she took the initiative to ask William how she could please him better.

She remembered how she kissed and licked his manhood, and even put it inside her mouth to get a better taste of it.

Lilith never thought that she would go that far for a man, even offering herself up completely to him without any resistance.

'I failed as an Amazon,' Lilith thought as she buried her head on William's chest. 'Even so, I don't regret it.'

The Amazon Princess felt safe and warm in William's embrace, and the beating of his heart calmed her senses.

After regaining her calm, she tried to remember everything that happened that night. Her memories were quite vague because she had been lost in the waves of pleasure that took control of her senses.

The last thing she remembered was the hot and powerful essence that was shot deep inside her, which made her lose consciousness.

Lilith's hand touched her abdomen as she closed her eyes. Amazons had a special ability that allowed them to know if they had conceived a child through lovemaking.

Usually, they would be able to sense if they had been successful in getting pregnant after twenty four hours. Right now, only several hours had passed, so Lilith couldn't tell if she was indeed pregnant or not.

While she was deep in her thoughts, she noticed that something hard was poking her belly.

Lilith's body immediately stiffened when she realized what it was.

'Wait, this could work in my favor,' Lilith thought as she gently broke away from William's hold on her.

She then lightly pushed the Half-Elf until he was lying on his back. After checking if he was still asleep or not, Lilith decided to put what she had learned into practice.

A few minutes later, William opened his eyes.

He could feel a familiar sensation and his hand moved subconsciously to lightly pat the head of the girl that was servicing him so early in the morning.

"Sidonie… you're up so ear–." William blinked when he realized that it was not the lustful Princess who was taking care of his little brother. A pair of amber eyes looked back at him, and the Half-Elf knew that he had made a terrible mistake.

The Amazon Princess took out William's… from her mouth and stared at the Half-Elf with a wronged expression.

"I-I'm sorry, Lilith," William said as he tried to do some damage control. "I was still half asleep so…"

"I don't need your excuses. Sidonie does this to you every morning?"

"Well, not every morning, but every time we sleep together."

Surprisingly, Lilith only nodded her head in understanding as she pinned William back to the bed.RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

"Don't worry. You don't have to say anything," Lilith said as she sat on top of William. "I am now one of your women, correct?"

"Yes."

"You will marry me, right?"

"Absolutely."

"Then it's fine."

Lilith smiled as she guided William's eager little brother to her entrance. Soon, William felt the tightness that he had experienced last night as the Amazon Princess took his entirety inside her.

"I'm sorry about last night," Lilith said. "I fainted after doing it once. I will make it up to you today."

"Y-You don't have to force yourself," William answered. "It is only natural because it was your first time."

Lilith shook her head firmly as she lowered her head to kiss him.

"I am an Amazon, I need to recover some of my dignity," Lilith replied. "Just lie there and tell me how to make you feel good."

Soon, the sound of spring echoed inside the room.

It would be another two hours before William and Lilith met up with Raizel to have their late breakfast together.

—-

The young beauty didn't say anything as they ate together, but the sweet smile that was plastered on her face made William and Lilith unable to taste the food they were eating.

After who knows how long, the breakfast finally ended, and Lilith found herself being dragged by Raizel towards the shower room, leaving William behind.

The Half-Elf knew that the two girls would be having some girl talk by themselves, and decided to go and see Xenovia for the time being.

There were things that he needed to ask the Death Lord in regards to the current situation in the Deadlands.

Fortunately, he didn't need to look for long and saw the Death Lord alongside Cathy as the two of them checked the inventory of their food supply in the warehouse they made inside the stadium.

"Well, only five mirrors remained out of the nine, so you can understand that the Leaders who still haven't found any of the mirrors are starting to feel restless," Xenovia said. "Because of this, we decided to take a break today and not go out to gather resources.

"Although there is a non-aggression treaty between the Shelters, human nature is a very difficult thing to overcome. It is better to lie low for the time being and allow the other Leaders to cool down."

William nodded his head in agreement to Xenovia's words. According to Morax's promise, they would get one week of reprieve with every mirror they obtained. Since they had gathered four mirrors, they had earned themselves a month of peace.

"Okay. Cathy, please, tell everyone not to move outside of the Shelter for a few days," William stated. "This will allow the other Leaders to understand that we are not going to compete with them in regards to finding the mirrors."

"Understood," Cathy replied. "We have enough resources to last for a month. Even if we don't scavenge for a week, we will still be fine."

"A week?" Xenovia muttered as she passed a canned drink to William. "Well, I guess that is enough time for a honeymoon. Don't you think so as well, Will?"

The Half-Elf almost dropped the canned drink in his hand after Xenovia threw a bombshell at him at point blank range. He didn't know how to answer her inquiry, so he decided to just keep his silence and drink the canned juice that was offered to him.

Cathy who was standing beside the Death Lord blushed and gave William side-long glances.

On their way to the shower room last night, Cathy and Xenovia passed by the room William and Lilith were in to consummate their love.

Since the shelter was mostly quiet during the night, any kind of noise could be easily heard in the quiet hallways.

Naturally, since they were unable to use magic to seal the sounds coming from their room, Cathy, Xenovia, and another lady from the shelter heard their passionate love-making.

They were aware that William had come to this world alongside Lilith, so they had already thought that the two of them were a couple. However, the two newcomers had hit it off with their leader, Raizel, which led them to make the conclusion that a love triangle had been born.

Cathy was even tempted to tell William that if he needed one more lady to add to his harem, she would volunteer herself as one.

However, her skin wasn't thick enough to do such a thing, so she just kept her silence and watched things unfold from the side.

"Well, they say that great men have great women supporting them from behind," Xenovia commented. "Will. Now that you and Lilith are an item, are you perhaps aiming to add Raizel to your harem?"

This time, William spat out the juice that he was drinking and coughed a few times to clear his throat.

"That's not going to happen," William replied after he regained his composure. "Raizel is like a daugh–little sister to me. I do not see her as a love interest. You girls better remember that!"

Xenovia raised an eyebrow, while Cathy gave the Half-Elf a doubtful gaze. Everyone in the shelter knew that William, Lilith, and Raizel slept together every night. Even if the Half-Elf told them that there was nothing going on with him and Raizel, they were not fools who would believe his words so easily.

Seeing that their discussion might lead to something unexpected, William decided to leave the warehouse in a hurry to get some fresh air. He had more important things to think of, and had no time to bother with the fantasy of the two ladies, who were currently looking at his retreating back with mischievous smiles on their faces.