Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 838 - When The Past, Present, and Future Intersect

While William and Lilith were trapped inside the Deadlands, a certain little fairy was making her way towards the Seventh Sanctum.

After resting in the Port City of Alabaster for a day, Chloee once again resumed her mission to find William's whereabouts.

Holding a small blue jewel in her hand, she arrived in the vicinity of the Forbidden Ground and activated it.

Immediately, she saw several footsteps leading towards the Seventh Sanctum, which signified that William had indeed entered the Forbidden Ground.

Chloee stored the blue jewel in her storage ring, and took out a red jewel in its place. This jewel allowed her to directly communicate with the Headmaster of Hestia Academy, Byron.

A few seconds later, a projection appeared in front of the little fairy, showing Byron's troubled expression.

"It seems that your hunch was correct, stingy old man," Chloee reported. "Will entered the Seventh Sanctum. Should I follow him inside?"

Byron frowned. Now that his suspicion was confirmed, he had no choice but to send Chloee inside the Forbidden Ground to look for the Half-Elf who played an important role in the world of Hestia.

"Go and look for him," Byron ordered. "Once you go inside the Seventh Sanctum, all forms of communication will be lost. You will no longer be able to contact me or anyone in the outside world. You have one month to find William. After one month, Celeste will forcefully summon you back regardless of whether you have found him or not. Do I make myself clear?"

Chloee nodded. "Don't worry. I will find him without fail!"

After closing the connection, Chloee immediately entered the Seventh Sanctum to look for her Disciple.

Although it didn't show on her face, she was quite worried about William. This was why she agreed to Byron's request to look for his whereabouts.

After entering the Forbidden Ground, Chloee found herself surrounded by a dense purple mist. She couldn't see anything in front of her, but the little fairy had encountered similar things when doing missions for the Academy.

This was why she didn't panic and just continued flying in a straight line. After an hour, Chloee broke through the purple mist. She found herself inside a forest, with trees towering all around her.

"This should be where Will, Chiffon, and Lilith appeared after entering the Seventh Sanctum," Chloee muttered as she scanned her surroundings.

As someone who had fought many powerful beings who were stronger than her, Chloee's battle sense had reached a very high degree. She was capable of discerning if there was something dangerous lurking around her, so there were only a handful of beings in Hestia who could launch a surprise attack against her.

Seeing that there was no immediate danger in the vicinity, Chloee took out the blue jewel from her storage ring and activated it.

A faint line similar to a passing breeze appeared on her left side.

The blue jewel was an artifact that Byron had made to specially track William. After what happened in Antilia Island, the Headmaster of Hestia Academy knew that he would need a tracking tool to find the Half-Elf's whereabouts if something similar were to happen again.

Byron just didn't expect that the first time his invention was going to be used was to look for the missing Half-Elf, who had decided to enter the Forbidden Ground without informing the Academy.

If he knew what William was up to, he would have definitely rejected his request to leave the Academy to go "sightseeing".

Several hours passed as Chloee followed the faint line that showed the general direction of where William and his group had gone.

She had encountered several Myriad Beasts along the way, but she was too small to be of interest to them. Most of them related Chloee to an insect and paid her no mind. Their only concern was to find sizable prey for them to sink their fangs into.

"Footsteps!" The faint blue line had led Chloee to the traces of William's journey inside the Seventh Sanctum.

"They went North West?" Chloee frowned as she flew following the trail of footsteps in front of her.

Suddenly, the tracks that William had left behind were buried by the footprints of other monsters. As someone who was also proficient in tracking, Chloee could tell that the number of monsters headed in the same direction as William surpassed a hundred.Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

The little fairy's expression became grim as she followed the footsteps, while increasing her flight speed. The traces left behind were several days old, so she knew that whatever was following William's group had definitely met up with them by now.

"Don't die, Will," Chloee said as she sped up towards the North West regions of the Forbidden Ground. "I am coming to save you!"

—--

Shrine Inside Hestia Academy…

"I can't see anything…," Shannon tilted her head in confusion as she looked at the blank canvas in front of her.

Usually, she would see events unfolding anywhere in Hestia and she would paint them as they happened. She was like a Historian that could record the important events of history in real time.

However, right now, her canvas remained blank, which confused her greatly.

"Is there nothing interesting happening in the world today?" Shannon frowned before shaking her head. "Impossible. The world is so big, so it is impossible not to see anything. Maybe I'm just tired?"

The young lady closed her eyes and pressed her brush over the canvas. She remained in that position for several minutes, as if waiting for something to happen.

Finally, after waiting for almost half an hour, her brush started to move.

Shannon's eyes remained close as she waited for her brush strokes to stop moving. Only when her hand stopped moving completely did she open her eyes to look at the message that was written on her canvas.

"When the past, present, and future intersect, the lives of mortals, and Gods will start to connect," Shannon said softly. "When Heroes are stranded in a world between life and death, the fate of several worlds will hang by a thread."