Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 839 - Swiper's Fears

William casually rode a bicycle as he headed towards the Black Tower alone.

Now that Lilith and Raizel were feeling better, he decided that it was time for him to meet with Morax.

According to Raizel, Morax's true goal was to take full control of the Black Tower, and use it to manipulate the souls of the dead in any world that the Black Tower would appear in.

This meant that if someone were to die in that world, their soul would head to the Black Tower, instead of the Cycle of Reincarnation.

Morax would then gain an unprecedented power that could turn the inhabitants of an entire world into his Undead Army.

Only William, Lilith, and Raizel, were aware of this truth. They didn't dare trust anyone aside from the three of them, so they could only make plans on their own.

Right now, Morax believed that no one was aware of his plans. This was why he was being "generous and merciful" to the Leaders who had handed the mirrors over to his hands.

As the Half-Elf traveled through the ruined city, he wondered whether or not they could actually beat Morax in a head-on confrontation.

William believed that if Morax left the Black Tower, he would be able to fight him on equal terms. However, as long as the Dread Lord remained inside the throne room, the chances of winning were close to zero.

Suddenly, an entourage of trucks appeared on the left side of the road.

William glanced to the side and immediately frowned after spotting the Demonic Boar.

"Oh, what's this? Are you taking a stroll by yourself?," Swiper asked.

"By myself? No. I was waiting for your group to appear," William replied with a smile.

This time it was Swiper's turn to frown.

"Waiting for us?" Swiper inquired. "What do you mean waiting for us to appear?"

William chuckled as he continued to pedal the bike, maintaining his current speed.

"Because you are my tail," William replied. "Wherever I go, you're always there. Tell me, are you perhaps one of my fans? Do you want my autograph? How many would you like?"

"Bullsh*t!" Swiper spat on William who easily dodged his petty attack with a smug expression on his face.

"What? You're not convinced? Then tell me, why do you always appear wherever I go? Obviously, it is you who was following me and not the other way around."

"Hmp! Don't think too highly of yourself. It just so happens that this is the only path that leads to the other side of the city. This is just a coincidence."

William rolled his eyes at the Demonic Boar that had just happened to meet with him by coincidence.

"Well? What do you want?" William asked. "As you can see, I'm headed to the Black Tower. If you have something to say, just say it now."

"Something to say to you?" Swiper snorted. "Well, since I'm in a good mood today then I will give you a little advice."

The Demonic Boarkin sneered at the Half-Elf who was not even looking in his direction.

"Be careful of the Leaders of the Alliance," Swiper stated. "They are planning something behind your back in order to dispose of you."

"That's it?" William inquired. "That's all you have to say?"

"Yes. That's all I have to say. So, you'd better watch your back. You filthy half-blood."

"Thanks for the reminder. In return I will also give you a piece of advice."

"And that is?" Swiper raised an eyebrow.

William smiled mysteriously before telling Swiper what he thought deep inside.

"Usually, the head of an evil organization always chooses beautiful ladies to be his right hand men… I mean women, instead of an ugly Demonic Boarkin like you," William answered. "Right now, you might think that you are important to him, but if you were to take Morax's place, would you rather have a demon by your side, or a beautiful Elf to act as your secretary?

"You know, there is a saying in our world. When the boss has many things to do, it is the secretary who DOES it. When the boss has nothing to do, he DOES the secretary. Do you catch my drift?"

William smirked as he increased his speed and headed to a different street, letting Swiper's entourage continue heading down the street they were on.

The Demonic Boar's face contorted in anger. Although he didn't want to believe William's words, the seed of doubt had already been planted in his mind, and right after he had handed the mirror he had found over to Morax, too.

Although Morax had been very courteous and welcoming, Swiper was very sensitive when it came to matters pertaining to his position as one of the Dread Lord's loyal subordinates.

He wasn't fooled by Morax's sugary words. Instead, he felt alarmed because he could tell that Morax no longer cared about him. Now that he had the other Leaders of the Alliance at his beck and call, Swiper's usefulness to him had long reached its expiry date.

"Bastard!" Swiper angrily slammed his fist on the interior of the truck, denting its surface.

The Demonic Boar seethed in anger as his bloodshot eyes stared at the Black Tower in the distance. He had been doing his best to suppress the dreadful thought that had haunted him, even in his dreams.

'If I am going down, I will bring you down with me!' Swiper vowed. "Just you wait. I will make you regret crossing me!'

William wasn't aware that his load of crap had triggered the fears that the Demon had been denying were at the back of his mind. His purpose for telling the Demonic Boar those words was to make Swiper feel threatened in his position.

He didn't know that the Demon had already been on edge as of late, and his words were the last nail that held the coffin in place.

William's only thought at the moment was his meeting with Morax, and how to get back early, so he could continue his training sessions with Raizel and Lilith.

After getting past his embarrassment, William was able to quickly realize how ingenious Raizel's plan was.

Of course, neither of them expected things would go smoothly, but since the basic foundations were already laid out, all William needed to do was to adapt to it and increase his compatibility with Lilith.

A few minutes later, he finally arrived at this destination.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

He stopped in front of the two Death Lords that were guarding the entrance with a smile.

"I'm here to speak to His Excellency, Lord Morax," William said. "Can the two of you tell him of my arrival?"