Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 840 - A Question Worthy Of Debate

While William went to see the Dread Lord in the Black Tower, Lilith and Raizel were currently inside the young beauty's room, waiting for his arrival.

"How do you think their talks will go?" Lilith inquired. Although she tried to hide it, the faint trace of anxiousness in her voice didn't escape Raizel's ears.

"Don't worry. He will be fine," Raizel replied. "I'm more interested in that juicy story that you're not telling me."

"Will you give it a break already?

"You've been asking me that all morning."

Raizel pouted as she clung to Lilith like a spoiled child. "But, I'm interested. I want to know!"

"Silly girl. Sooner or later you will experience it as well," Lilith stated. Clearly, she had no intention of telling the young beauty the details of her first night with William.

"Ehhh… knowing my Great Grandpa, and Papa, me and my sisters are probably going to be single until our hairs become white! Well, with the exception of my other sisters whose hair was naturally white when they were born." Raizel protested. "No one dares to bring up the notion of marriage in front of them. It's like a death sentence. Anyone who dares to approach us gets beaten half to death the next day!"

Lilith couldn't help but giggle at Raizel's non-stop complaints about her unreasonable Great Grandpa, and Papa.

"Ask a different question," Lilith insisted. "I can't possibly tell you what you want."

"Stingy!"

"Say whatever you want. I'm sure even William will nag at you if he learns about this."

Raizel pouted as she lay her head on Lilith's lap.

"Hmp! Fine, I will no longer tell you stories about my family," Raizel said firmly.

Lilith nodded. "Then tell me about your Mama."

"Ah. My Mama is stingy, and has a big butt," Raizel giggled. "Papa even said once that if Mama tried, she could probably train herself to walk using just her butt for the rest of her life."

Lilith lightly pinched the young beauty's waist, which made the latter choke on her laughter.

—-

Meanwhile, in Mimameidr Shelter…

Avril glanced at the beautiful blue blade in her hand. It was a sword, made purely out of a special crystal that could only be found in Hell.

"Beautiful, simply beautiful," Avril sighed as her hand lightly touched the blade's surface, making it glow brightly. "Morax really knows how to please people. I guess it is not a bad idea to accept his invitation."

Avril's ruby-colored eyes glowed faintly as she looked at the blade's surface that almost looked transparent.

"Still, the wait is a bit long…," Avril said softly. "Five more mirrors to go before I get to claim my prize. Soon, I will be rid of this ugly world."

The beautiful Elf walked towards the window of her room which was located in the highest place in the Mimameidr Shelter.

She gazed at the ruined city in the distance with a mocking smile on her face.RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

"Three years," Avril muttered. "I've been in this place for three years, and I'm already sick and tired of it."

Elves had a very long lifespan. For them, a year passes so swiftly that they could take a nap and let it pass them by. Unfortunately, Avril didn't have that liberty. Ever since she had arrived in the Deadlands, she had risked her life time and time again, to attain her current position and to live another day.

For her, Morax's offer was very tempting, but she was sure that she would be delusional to think that she was the only one that the Dread Lord was trying to bring into his inner circle.

'Eldon and Wade are ambitious, perhaps too ambitious even,' Avril sneered. 'Lindir is too straightforward and stubborn. He just won't do. As for Swiper… I hate ugly things. Demons are the most disgusting creature in the world, second only to… that person.'

Several images appeared in Avril's head and a frown appeared on her face. 'No matter. Once the mirrors are gathered, I don't have to worry about him again. I will be able to stand above tens of thousand, and be subservient to only one. At the end of the day, it's not a bad deal… at least on the surface.'

Avril knew that she was just trying to convince herself in order to make a decision.

'I guess I'll just wait until all the mirrors are gathered…,' Avril mused. 'Let's see if, His Excellency, is not all talk and actually has substance.'

Avril once again gazed at the blue crystal blade in her hand.

She could see her beautiful reflection on it, and yet, her face wasn't smiling. Only a cold, and indifferent expression, that treated everyone around her like stepping stones, was reflected on the blade's surface.

"Only you make my stay in this world worthwhile," Avril said softly. "I will be taking you with me wherever I go."

Avril looked at the blade as if she was looking at her beloved. "My love, I will make you spend eternity with me… whether you like it or not."

It was at that moment when a sweet smile filled with love appeared on Avril's beautiful face. This was a genuine smile that came from her heart, which she no longer showed to anyone in the Deadlands.

In this land that was governed by the Undead, and the law of the jungle was the only rule, Avril had learned to close her heart to everyone. This is especially true even for her trusted subordinates.

A flash of lightning, snaked around the Black Tower, blocking the light coming from the sun.

Avril's ruby-like eyes crossed the distance, and yet, she couldn't penetrate the tower walls and see what was happening inside.

The beautiful Elf sighed because she could tell that the end of this endless cycle was now at hand.

Only one question remained unanswered.

'Which side has the highest chance of tempting Fate?' Avril mused. 'Now, that is a question that is worthy of debate.'