Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 841 - Let's See Who Deceives Who In The End

"So, you've finally come," Morax said as he looked down on William from his dragonbone throne. "Well, what do I owe the pleasure of this visit?"

"Of course, I've come for my reward," William answered. "You're going to give me my reward, right?"

"Well, technically, you were not the one who found the mirror," Morax grinned. "It was one of the members of the Glory Shelter. Also, only the Leaders of the Shelters may ask me for a request… last time I checked, you were not one of them."

William arched an eyebrow as he eyed Morax. The two stared at each other for half a minute before the Half-Elf snorted and turned his back to leave.

Morax watched him go with a smile. 'Fool, you think you can take advantage of me? Dream on.'

William didn't even glance back at Morax and left the Black Tower without saying a word.

"You're done already?" the Death Lord that was looking after William's bike asked in confusion. Usually those who met with his Master would spend some time inside the Black Tower in order to have their request granted.

He could have sworn that it hadn't even been ten minutes since William had stepped into the throne room and now he was leaving?

William didn't reply to the Death Lord and simply rode his bike away from the Black Tower. After traveling for half an hour at full speed, the Half-Elf arrived at the Glory Shelter and hurried towards Raizel's room.

After closing the door behind him, the Half-Elf scratched his head in irritation.

"What happened?" Lilith asked as she handed Wiliam a cup of tea. "Did Morax agree to your request?"

William shook his head. "Even better. He didn't even bother to hear it. I'm irritated right now because we've gone to all that trouble to brainstorm a request, and he didn't even bother to listen to it."

Raizel giggled after seeing William's irritated expression. This was the first time that she had seen him react this way and she found it very funny.

"Well, at least that's one problem over with," Lilith stood up and gave William a light shoulder massage. "Good job, Will."

The Amazon Princess then lowered her head and planted a kiss on William's cheek, which surprised both the Half-Elf and the young beauty inside the room.

"What?" Lilith asked in confusion after seeing that the two were staring at her.

"Nothing." William coughed lightly. "I didn't know that you were someone who would openly show your affection to me."

Lilith smiled as she sat on William's lap. "Trust me, I won't do this kind of thing in public. I'm not like Sidonie, or Chiffon, who will cling to you for the whole world to see. I'm not that kind of lady."

"But, you just did it in front of Raizel?"

"That's right. I'm right here."

"Raizel doesn't count," Lilith replied with a smile.

She then traced William's lips with her finger and whispered something in his ear.

"Do your best, Papa," Lilith whispered in a seductive tone that wouldn't lose to Princess Sidonie. "I am looking forward to holding my daughter soon."Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

William could tell that Lilith was very serious, and he couldn't help himself from glancing at the young beauty that was sitting across him.

"What?" Raizel asked. "Is there something on my face?"

"No. Your face is just fine," William replied as he wrapped his arms firmly around Lilith's waist who was still sitting on his lap.

Raizel felt conflicted. A part of her didn't want to see William and Lilith showing PDA in front of her because it left her feeling hot and bothered.

The other part of her, on the other hand, was giving them a thumbs up in her heart.

Fortunately, William and Lilith behaved and simply stayed in their current position.

"As I was going to the Black Tower, I took a detour and observed the movements of the other Shelters," William explained. "Except for Avril, all the other Leaders, including Swiper, were still hard at work in trying to find the mirrors. Also, the Demonic Boar told me something interesting."

Raizel frowned. "Something interesting? That Demon just spouts absolute nonsense."

William chuckled because he wanted to agree to Raizel's words. But, he knew that there was something behind Swiper's words that deserved merit.

"You're right, but I think he spoke out because he was starting to get worried," William said. "I think the Alliance is falling apart. That is why he told me to be careful of the Leaders of the Alliance because they are planning something behind our backs to dispose of us."

William then made some hand gestures, which Lilith and Raizel instantly understood.

"So, you're telling me that someone, or some people, in the Alliance wants to eliminate us?"

"Absolutely. I think this idea isn't far-fetched, don't you think?"

Lilith who was seated on William's lap hummed in agreement.

"So, who do you think is targeting us?" Raizel asked.

William smiled as he leaned lazily on the couch.

"I think it's either Eldon or Wade," William answered. "Perhaps both of them."

"That's some serious accusations you have there," Lilith commented. "As far as our relationship with them goes, we don't have any quarrel with either of them."

William nodded. "And this is why it makes them the best suspects. Usually, those whom you think are harmless are the ones who will stab you in the back. Well, anyways, enough with this talk. We will deal with them once they make their move. Now, let's have lunch."

"Okay."

"Sounds like a good idea."

William smiled as he eyed Raizel who was eyeing the door the whole time.

When the young beauty held up her hand in a peace sign, William and Lilith both nodded their heads. They had prepared the necessary bait, and if the latter still didn't take the bite then they would probably start to doubt Morax's intelligence.

—--

Back in the Black Tower…

"Hmm… so, such a thing is going on? How intriguing," Morax muttered as he opened his eyes. "So much for the so-called Alliance."

The Dread Lord sneered as he cut his connection with his spy inside the Glory Shelter.

"Eldon and Wade, is it?" Morax rubbed his chin. "Why not? It will be more interesting that way. I'll play along with this little game of yours, Half-Elf. Let's see who deceives who in the end."

Morax laughed in amusement. "I'd like to see the look on your face when everything you hold dear in this world… disappears, right in front of your hateful eyes."