Chapter 844 - I'll Just Ask For Compensation In The Future

"How is it?" Xenovia asked after William finished his regular check up on her Sea of Consciousness.

"Everything is fine," William answered. "I don't see any signs of collapse or corruption."

"That's good to know. I still feel anxious knowing that Morax could possibly take control over my mind and body again."

"Relax. With me around, he won't be able to do anything to you."

Xenovia smiled as she looked at the Half-Elf that was looking at her with a smug expression on his face.

"Well then, I'll take my leave," Xenovia stated as she walked towards the door. "By the way, should I call Cathy for you?"

William glanced at the clock on the wall and noticed that it was just half past six. The sky outside the window was starting to darken, which affected the Half-Elf's vampiric powers.

"Tell Cathy to have her dinner first," William replied.

"Alright. I will tell her that you plan to have her for dessert. You're such a sinful man, you know that?"

"Well, you are not the first, nor the last lady to tell me that," William replied as he flicked his hair. "What can I say? I'm simply irresistible."

Xenovia snorted as she closed the door without saying another word. The smugness on William's face disappeared as soon as he deemed that the Death Lord had gone away.

'I knew it, Xenovia was not the spy,' William thought as he gazed outside the window of his room. 'I've made a full sweep of her Sea of Consciousness several times already, and I can say with confidence that Morax no longer has his hold on her. That could only mean one thing…'

William, Lilith, and Raizel had already thought of the possibility that several members of the Glory Shelter had fallen under the Dread Lord's control. Their only problem was that they were still unable to pinpoint who they were.

'Should I bite all of them?' William mused. This was his last resort in order to ensure that their plan wouldn't be compromised. If he couldn't find the spy or spies before Morax gathered all the mirrors then there was a high risk of the Dread Lord discovering their plan.

While William was deep in thought, the door of the room opened and a pretty lady walked in with a smile.

It didn't take long before she stood beside the Half-Elf who was looking outside the window, while thinking of ways to solve his problem.

"I thought I told Xenovia to tell you that you should have dinner first," William said in a teasing tone. He then glanced at the pretty girl beside him and poked her nose with his finger. "Are you that excited to be eaten by me?"

Cathy giggled as she batted her eyes on William. She then walked towards the bed and sat on top of it, crossing one leg over the other.

"Well, I'm always ready to be your main dish," Cathy said as she lazily gazed at William who was still standing in front of the window. "But, you and I know that I'm just a 'Convenient Woman' at your beck and call, isn't that right, Will?"

William walked towards Cathy and sat beside her.

"I'm sorry," William apologized in a serious tone. "I didn't know that I made you feel that way. I will no longer drink your blood from today onwards."

"Now that you're tired of me, you're just going to throw me away? Boo hoo, what a pitiful lady I have become. Um, I knew I should have taken my eyedrops with me. Without tears, my acting skills aren't as effective. Hey, do you have eye drops on you? Let me borrow it for a while."

"..."

William wasn't able to react to Cathy's silly solo performance because he suddenly felt drowsy. He tried to force his eyes open, but it was no use. The urge to sleep was so strong that even if he used his willpower to fight it, he was unable to form any kind of resistance.

"What's this? Now you find me so boring that you fall asleep in front of me?" Cathy complained as she pinched William's left cheek. "Um? Are you really going to sleep on me?"

"T-That's not it… Cathy," William struggled to hold on to his consciousness, but he was slowly losing the battle.

As an act of desperation, the Half-Elf bit the tip of his tongue, letting blood spurt from it. However, something unexpected happened.

The pretty lady seated beside him suddenly kissed his lips and drew in the blood that had spurted out from between his lips.

The Half-Elf suddenly felt weak as Cathy absorbed his strength, rendering him unable to move.

As the thoughts of shock and disbelief flashed across his mind, he felt himself falling downwards into a bottomless pit. Cathy managed to pry his lips open wider and take his tongue into her mouth. She sucked hard on his tongue and William finally lost consciousness, his last thoughts worried about what was to come as the pretty lady continued to hold onto his body and drink his blood.RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

—--

"Rise and shine! How long are you planning to sleep?

"Oi, sleepyhead, wakey wakey!

"You still don't plan to wake up? I guess I have no choice but to do this seriously.

"Mister, I am giving you ten seconds to wake up. If you don't, I'll cut off your ding ding dong and stew it!"

William opened his eyes, and saw Cathy's pretty face looking down on him. His thoughts were still in shambles, so he couldn't understand what had just happened.

The last thing he remembered was…

What was it again?

William blinked once then twice and blinked again. He couldn't form a coherent thought no matter what he did.

"I guess she did a number on you on a subconscious level," Cathy muttered as she poked William's nose repeatedly. "Oi. Can you hear me? Can you understand me?"

William wanted to reply, but the mere thought of replying even slipped from his mind like sand falling in an hourglass.

Cathy sighed as she pulled William into a sitting position.

The scene that appeared in front of him was a blue sea that reflected an equally blue sky. The scenery was quite familiar and the words "Sea of Consciousness" passed through his mind for a brief moment before disappearing completely.

"Even sitting you up does nothing?" Cathy pouted as she let go of William's hands, letting his body fall until he was facing upwards.

"You've been very careless, Will," Cathy sighed as she caressed the side of William's face. "Morax used the powers of the mirrors to set a trap in Xenovia's Sea of Consciousness. He knows that you are a hindrance to his plans, so he decided to incapacitate you until all the mirrors were gathered."

Cathy pinched the unresponsive Half-Elf who was still looking at the sky above him, unable to reply to her complaints.

"I guess I have no choice," Cathy mused. "I can't let Morax succeed in his plans."

Cathy's clothes fell off her body as she gave William a complicated look.

She knew what she needed to do, but she was still annoyed that the Half-Elf wasn't in the right state of mind to appreciate what she was about to do for him.

"I'll just ask for compensation in the future," Cathy sighed. "He won't be able to pay me back if there is no future anyways."