Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 845 - She Is Waiting For You

William dreamed.

A dream that he had never had before.

Haleth, Amelia, Pearl, Priscilla, a pretty lady with a single horn on her forehead, a green-haired beauty with a tail that resembled that of a lizard, and a Half-ling who looked like a doll that was only a little more than three feet tall held on to his body.

All of them caressed him in different places, and murmured something in his ears, but he was not in a condition to understand what they were saying.

All he knew was that the places they touched made him feel warm, and at peace.

It made him feel that everything was going to be alright.

William didn't know how long he spent in that world, in the company of these ladies. But, with each day that passed, he was starting to grasp his fleeting thoughts. Day by day, he felt strength returning to his body.

In time, he was able to understand what they were saying. They were words of encouragement, telling him that he must stay strong and not give up hope.

They all looked at him with affectionate gazes, as if they had known him for a very long time.

They would kiss his forehead, his ears, nose, cheeks, neck, hands, fingers, feet, and every other part of his body, except for his lips.

"It's time to go, Will," Haleth said lovingly as she kissed his cheeks one last time. "They are waiting for you… she is waiting for you."

Each of the ladies gave William a hug, and kissed him one last time before turning into particles of light.

The Half-Elf unconsciously reached out to hold onto them, but they had already disappeared completely.

"You're finally awake!" Lilith cried out as she hugged William's body.

The Half-Elf was still in the gesture of reaching out to something when he realized that he was no longer inside his Sea of Consciousness.

Raizel joined Lilith in hugging William, with tears streaming down her face.

"We thought that you were not going to wake up," Lilith said as she lightly pounded William's chest with her fist. "We were scared. Very scared. What happened to you?!"

"I'm sorry," William said as he held the heads of the two girls who were bawling their eyes out because of him. "I got careless."

A few minutes passed before Lilith and Raizel were able to regain their composure. Willliam asked them to tell him everything that happened, while he was sleeping, and the two girls complied without leaving out any details.

"You've been sleeping for two weeks," Raizel explained. "During that time, Cathy would come to see you every three days to feed you some of her blood. Seven of the mirrors have already been found, and only a small part of the Deadlands has been left untouched. It's possible that they would discover the eighth mirror any day now."

Lilith, who was holding William's hand also joined in explaining the current situation. "Conflicts have broken out between the Shelters due to the intense competition that is happening. The Demonic Shelter suffered a joint attack from three of the Shelters that still haven't found any of the mirrors because Swiper keeps getting in their way.

"If not for Eldon, mediating between the four parties, the Demonic Shelter might have already ceased to exist."

William's expression became grim as he listened to Raizel's, and Lilith's narration of the events that had transpired while he was out of commission. "How about Xenovia? Where is she?"

"Xenovia had locked herself up in her room, refusing to come out," Raizel sighed. "She discovered that her thoughts were being manipulated a day after you fell asleep. Because of this, she decided to lock herself in and forbade us from interacting with her."

William tried to stand up from the bed, but his body had become very stiff and he was finding it hard to move.

In the end, he had to ask the two girls by his side to help him sit in a more comfortable position.

"It's possible that the mirror will be found today or tomorrow," William stated. "We have to prepare for the worst. Fortunately, our preparations are almost complete."

William looked at Raizel, and the latter nodded her head in acknowledgement.

"We've done everything we can," Raizel replied. "There's nothing we can do now except to make last minute preparations."

William clenched his fist as he thought of Morax who had successfully trapped him in his own Sea of Consciousness. If not for the seven ladies who did their best to wake him up, he might have remained unconscious until Morax's plan had come to fruition.

The Half-Elf didn't even want to think of what Fate would have befallen Lilith and Raizel, who had no way of protecting themselves, once the Dread Lord had taken full control of the Black Tower.

'Fortunately, I woke up at the last minute.' William shuddered at the thought of losing the two ladies by his side, who played an important role in his life. 'We can still do this.'

"Okay, for now, listen to me," William said as she held Lilith's and Raizel's hands. "We will continue to make Morax think that I'm still asleep. Don't let anyone visit this room, especially the people from other Shelters. By the way, has anyone visited me during those two weeks?"

"All the Leaders came to visit a day ago," Raizel replied. "Even Swiper came, but we didn't allow him to step foot inside the stadium. We know that he has a grudge against you, so we didn't dare take any chances."

William nodded. "For now, don't let anyone visit. If someone asks, tell them that I'm still unconscious and haven't shown any signs of waking up."

The two girls nodded. They are in agreement that William's condition must be kept secret no matter what.

"I will try to regain my body's functions as soon as possible, so when the operation starts, we will be ready," William added. "Don't let anyone inside the room."

"How about Cathy?" Raizel asked. "You are scheduled to drink her blood today."

"... You can let her in." William had already spoken before he even realized it. However, he didn't feel that there was anything wrong with what he said, so he decided to put it aside for the time being because he was thinking of other ways to pay back the Dread Lord for what he had done to him.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Lilith and Raizel also had no complaints about letting Cathy enter the room. The pretty lady was the one that informed them of William's condition, and was also the one who had zealously supplied him with blood, while he was unconscious.