Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 846 - I Can Only Cheer For You In Places Where You Couldn’t See

"Cathy, can you tell me everything that happened back then?" William asked as the pretty lady arrived in his room.

Lilith and Raizel decided to leave them alone because the Half-Elf had said that he needed to have a private conversation with Cathy. Both of the girls trusted William enough to know that this might be something that he couldn't tell them, so they decided to give way and respect his request.

"You suddenly felt drowsy and lost consciousness," Cathy answered. "After that I panicked and called for help."

William eyed the pretty girl who had sat beside him on the bed.

"I've indeed heard from Lilith and Raizel that you were the one that informed them that I had lost consciousness," William stated. "But, before I lost consciousness, I can still remember what you did. But, why did you do that?"

"Are you referring to the time that I kissed you and sucked the blood that was gushing out of the tip of your tongue?"

"Yes. I admit that I might have still fallen unconscious even then, but I still didn't understand why you did that."

Cathy smiled as she gazed straight into William's eyes. "I just thought that since you were the one always drinking my blood, it would be interesting to know what would happen if I drank yours as well. By the way, your blood doesn't taste too good."

The trace of complaint in Cathy's voice made the corner of William's lips twitch.

Girl, you were the one that drank my blood without my permission. Now you have the gall to complain to me?

William was about to voice his counter complaint, but Cathy's delicate finger pressed on his lips, preventing him from speaking.

"Listen, Will, and listen well," Cathy said softly. "When the past no longer illuminates the future, the spirit walks in darkness. But, no matter how frail Hope is, it can never be killed."Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Cathy then cupped William's face, as her eyes teared up a bit. "Will, you are very pitiful. I pity you so much that my heart aches for you. Even now, you have forgotten many important things. Things that you can no longer take back."

"Cathy, just what are you talking about?" William asked.

He wanted to take the pretty lady's hands away from his face, but for some reason, he couldn't muster enough strength in his body to even move his hands, which were clenching the bed sheets firmly.

"Sorry, I got carried away," Cathy removed her hands from William's face as she returned back to her usual self. "I pity you so much that I have a strong urge to give you a good beating just for the sake of venting my frustrations."

"... How unreasonable can you get?" William rubbed his face with both of his hands. "Can you answer my question seriously."

For some reason, he was starting to feel drowsy again, but it wasn't as strong as the one he felt before he lost consciousness.

"But, I already did?"

"That's not the answer I am looking for."

Cathy giggled because she felt that William was being unreasonable. Even so, she noticed that the Half-Elf was starting to feel drowsy again. Because of this, she decided to finish the important issue first.

"I'll answer your question next time," Cathy said. "Also, in the future, I will ask you to repay your debt to me."

"What debt?"

"You'll know in the future."

"Hello? Can you speak Human?" William sighed. "Why are you being vague? If I owe you something, tell me what I owe you, so I can pay it back."

Cathy giggled as she presented her neck on William. The pretty lady wrapped her arms around William's head holding him in place.

"Don't worry," Cathy whispered. "You will pay me back in full all in good time. For now, just drink and sleep. You still haven't fully recovered, and you need to rest properly. When morning comes, the eighth mirror will be found, and this theatrical performance will soon come to an end."

William stopped caring and finally bit into the pretty lady's neck to draw blood.

The drowsiness he was feeling instantly disappeared as soon as Cathy's sweet, and delicious blood, passed through his lips.

"Take your time to drink," Cathy whispered. "I'm not going anywhere, so drink until you are full. This might be the last time you will be able to drink my blood, so savor it completely."

'Last time?' William thought as he steadily drank the rich blood that was vibrant with life. He had to admit that Cathy's blood was the best that he had tasted so far, and thought that it would be a waste if he were unable to drink it again.

In the past, it didn't strike him that Cathy was someone special.

He only found out that she was a very lively and optimistic person after interacting with her during his stay in the Glory Shelter.

If not for the scarcity of blood, Raizel wouldn't have resorted to asking Cathy to become one of William's helpers when he needed to drink blood.

A few minutes later, William finally finished drinking, and the pretty lady kissed his cheeks before tucking him to bed.

"Cathy, just who are you?" William asked. "Please answer me honestly."

"Even if I tell you who I am, you will not believe me," Cathy answered as she sat beside the bed.

"Try me."

"Your future wife."

"Lies."

"See?"

Cathy covered her lips and chuckled. "I told you so."

"Be serious, Cathy," William replied as he eyed the pretty lady suspiciously.

Cathy shook her head. "I can't be serious, Will. If I do, I will take you away from this world, and keep you for myself. Both of us know that it's not going to work out that way. Since that is the case, I'll just go with the flow… at least for now."

The room descended into silence as William and Cathy stared at each other's eyes. Both looking for the answers to their questions, that could only be found at the deepest recesses of each other's minds.

"Cathy, are you my enemy?" William inquired.

"No," Cathy answered as she planted a kiss on William's forehead. "I am forever by your side, because you represent me, Will."

The pretty lady stood up and walked towards the door. However, right before she was about to leave the room, she glanced back at William and smiled.

"I will lend my help, but the help I can give you in this world is limited," Cathy stated. "The two people you can rely on the most at the darkest hour are none other than Raizel and Lilith. Truth be told, I envy them. At least, they will be able to fight side by side with you.

"My role is to forever be on the sidelines. That is why, I can only cheer for you in places where you cannot see. Goodnight, Will. I pray that when tomorrow comes, you will have fully recovered your strength."

Cathy waved her hand before closing the door.

When Lilith and Raizel returned to the room, they saw William sleeping snugly in bed. The Half-Elf was sleeping so peacefully that both girls couldn't find it in their hearts to wake him up.

Cathy, who was walking through the empty hallways, finally stopped in front of a room where the sound of someone pounding the wall could be heard.

"Time to solve the issue with this problem child as well," Cathy muttered as she opened the room to Xenovia's room. "Will is already having a hard enough time as it is. He will need all the help he can get."