Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 848 - You're Not Getting Any Sleep Tonight

Standing inside his Sea of Consciousness, William looked up at the sky with his arms crossed over his chest.

He could see the image of Morax looking down on him from on top of the ceiling of the room. A sneer could be seen on the Dread Lord's face, which made William sneer back at him in return.

After a few minutes, Morax's scrying ended and William could tell that the Dread Lord was gone for good.

"Seriously, you should have just told me Cathy," William muttered.

The pretty lady had somehow managed to force the Half-Elf into deep sleep, which allowed him to trick Morax into thinking that he was still out for the count.

Suddenly, two ladies appeared inside his Sea of Consciousness, and they were none other than Lilith and Raizel.

"Will? What's wrong?" Lilith asked as she held William's hand. "I'm surprised that you called out to me using the earrings."

"Sorry, everything happened so fast that even I had no time to react." William squeezed Lilith's hand. "Morax gained the ability to scry on others when he gained the Seventh Mirror. It is also highly possible that the Eighth mirror will be found today.

"We can no longer rely on normal means, so we will do the exercise in my Sea of Consciousness. If everything works out properly, we still have a chance to turn everything around."

Raizel looked around William's inner world with great interest.

"So, this is what your consciousness looks like, Will," Raizel said. "As she gazed at the countless weapons that were embedded in the surface of the sea."

"It's nothing special," William replied. "Now, let's get back to business. Morax now thinks that I'm no longer a threat to him, so this will work in our advantage. Unfortunately, the rest will have to rely on the both of you to make the plan succeed."

Lilith and Raizel nodded their heads in acknowledgement.

"After finding the Eighth Mirror they will definitely go all out to find the last one," Raizel smirked. "Unfortunately, it will not be that simple. Unfortunately, it will take a few days for them to find it."

William shook his head. "Three days. In three days, the last mirror will be found."Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"Eh?"

"How?"

William scratched his head in helplessness as he gazed at the two ladies who were looking back at him in disbelief.

"A little bird will tell Lindir where it is located," William replied. "He will make a move in three days."

Lilith's and Raizel's expressions became extremely serious. They thought that the last mirror would allow them to buy some time to make the necessary preparations, but the Half-Elf was telling them that they only had three days to get everything ready.

"Do we have enough time?" Lilith inquired as she looked at Raizel.

Raizel crossed her arms over her chest. "Theoretically we are ready to carry out our plan anytime. But, why does it have to happen in three days?"

William smiled. "It's because a bird told me that this is the day which has the highest chance of success."

"Wait, is that bird the same bird that told Lindir where the Ninth Mirror could be found?"

"No. This one is a different bird. A rather eccentric one, but she meant us no harm… maybe."

Lilith raised an eyebrow. "Maybe?"

The red-headed teenager coughed lightly because the eccentric bird had forbidden him from sharing her identity. Although William had a feeling that everything would still be fine even if he told Lilith and Raizel about her, he still decided to play it safe and only said what he was allowed to say.

"Whether we are given more days or not, it doesn't really matter," William stated. "Our plans are already set, so it will be best for us to settle this sooner rather than later. Besides, I don't like pretending to be in a coma for a long time."

Raizel sighed but still nodded her head in agreement. "Very well. We will carry out our plan on the third day. Should we tell Lilith the full extent of our plan?"

William and Raizel looked at the Amazon, who looked back at the two with a confused expression on her face.

"Lilith, how good are you at acting?" William asked.

The Amazon Princess frowned because she wasn't really good at acting. Although she could exert some effort in making it work, acting had never been her forte.

"Just average," Lilith replied honestly. "Why? Do I need to act to make things more convincing?"

"Yes, but since you can't do it, let's just scratch that plan." William patted her shoulder. "I'm sorry, but it will be best if we keep you out of the loop for all of our sakes."

Raizel could only smile apologetically at Lilith who had a dissatisfied look on her face. Even so, the Amazon Princess still nodded in the end.

"Will, I trust you," Lilith said. "If you really think that it is best not to tell me anything then I will support your decision. But, this will be the first and last time that you will do this to me. In the future, you will not keep anything from me, and just give it to me straight. Do we have an agreement?"

William nodded and kissed her cheek. "Sorry. I promise that I will not do it again in the future."

"I'll forgive you just this once."

"Thank you."

Raizel, who was feeling left out, moved closer to the two and gave both of them a hug.

"We're all in this together," Raizel said but her voice carried a trace of anxiousness.

"Don't worry, everything will be fine," William assured the anxious young beauty. "I believe in you, Raizel."

"How about me?" Lilith interjected.

The Half-Elf chuckled as she looked at the Amazon Princess who was still feeling pouty.

"Of course I believe in you as well," William stated. "As long as the three of us are together, there's nothing that we can't do."

"Um, can I tell you guys something?" Raizel asked.

William and Lilith looked at the young beauty whose face was still blushing. It was very rare for Raizel to take the initiative to open up to them, so the two were more than willing to listen to her.

"Go ahead," William replied.

Lilith nodded her head and waited for Raizel to tell them what was on her mind.

"You see, I just want to let the two of you know that my Ma and Pa conceived me in that strange world that they were trapped in during their youth," Raizel said. She was unable to look at William and Lilith whose faces had started to turn weird.

"Um, that's why we should do our best," Raizel said in a voice that was so low that it almost sounded like a mosquito buzz. "All of us, especially the two of you. Please, do your best!"

After throwing a bomb at the two people who were very dear to her, Raizel turned into particles of light and left William's Sea of Consciousness in haste.

William and Lilith stared at the empty space where the young beauty had stood a moment ago with complicated expressions on their faces.

"Lilith…"

"You don't have to say anything. You can just sleep, and I'll handle the rest. All you need to do is make sure that it stays up."

William didn't know whether to laugh or cry at Lilith's determined words. Clearly, the young beauty was just instigating something, but the Amazon Princess had taken it seriously.

"L-Let's just do it in moderation," William replied. "We still have a job to do."

"Relax," Lilith gave William the "you're not getting any sleep tonight" smile, which made the Half-Elf feel like he was about to fight a wrestling match with her.

A match that would definitely not end in his favor.