Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 849 - The Calm Before The Storm [Part 1]

When Lilith opened her eyes, the first thing she saw was the man that she had chosen to be her partner for life.

She gazed at his peaceful sleeping face, and brushed the hair that was covering his face with her hand.

The Amazon Princess hadn't believed in love before, but now she was sure that she was starting to truly fall in love with William.

Of course, she knew that the Half-Elf also hadn't expected a day like this would come. Both of them didn't really see each other as a potential love interest. That all changed after they had arrived in the Deadlands and met Raizel

Without her, neither of them would have taken that final step.

That step that allowed them to grasp a possibility that they never knew existed.

"I love you," Lilith whispered in William's ears as she gave him a kiss on the cheek.

Lilith then propped herself from the bed, letting the blanket fall from her sensuous naked body. Last night was a bit intense because she was the one that took the lead in everything. Even now, she felt that William was still inside her and it made her blush, despite just having woken up.

She then removed the blanket from William's lower half, and kissed the one responsible for making her feel good.

"I love you too," Lilith said as she gave the Little Will a smooch, which made the latter very lively.

Lilith stood up from the bed and did a few stretches to let the blood flow inside her body. If not for the fact that they were facing a very dangerous situation, she would have loved to continue making love to the red-headed teenager to ensure that she became pregnant with his child.

'Unfortunately, I can't do that," Lilith sighed as she took out a bath towel to wrap William up like a spring roll, before lifting him up from the bed.

She carried the "sleeping" Half-Elf towards the shower room in order to clean him up from the aftermath of their intense night battle.

Just as she was about to enter the Shower Room, she heard the voices of people talking inside the room.

Lilith was surprised, but she wasn't too concerned because she was familiar with the voices of the two ladies.

As soon as the Amazon Princess stepped inside the shower room, Raizel and Cathy glanced in her direction.Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

The pretty lady wasn't able to stop the chuckle that escaped her lips when she saw the wrapped up spring roll in Lilith's hands.

Raizel, on the other hand, wasn't able to stop the wide grin that spread across her face. However, if one were to look closely, her face was starting to redden.

"He's still asleep?" Cathy asked. She eyed the Half-Elf whose sleeping face made her wish that she could lock him up in her own room and suck him dry. "You're spoiling him too much, Lilith. If you continue like this, he's going to end up as a no-good person in the future."

Lilith chuckled as she chose a place that was far from the two ladies to wash him, while preventing them from seeing her lover's naked body. If this was in the past, she wouldn't have minded sharing William with her sisters in the Amazon Empire.

However, right now, she was feeling possessive, and no longer had the intention of letting others see something that belonged to her.

Seeing that Lilith had no intention of letting them see some eye candy, Cathy shook her head helplessly as she soaked inside the bathtub.

Raizel on the other hand was humming in her brown bathtub. Clearly, she was feeling very happy at the moment, and Cathy knew that it was best to not poke fun at her happiness.

A few minutes later, the two ladies left the shower room because both of them had duties that they needed to attend to.

It was also at that moment when Lilith came out of the shower, carrying William in her arms. As much as she wanted to soak with William in the bathtub, she couldn't do that right now.

Morax might use his scrying skills to check on his condition anytime, so she didn't dare to take too much time in cleaning him up.

A few minutes later, both of them returned to the room right next to Raizel's. After dressing the Half-Elf properly, Lilith laid him on the couch for the time being.

She then changed the bed sheets, as well as the blanket that they had used the night before. Only after finishing these two things did she return William to the bed and laid down beside him.

"Synchronization."

Lilith still needed to train inside William's Sea of Consciousness to check how long William would be able to use her powers. The Amazon's Divinity was the key to overturn Morax's plans.

William's body needed to learn to contain Lilith's Divinity for a period of time to ensure that their strategy would succeed.

—--

"Okay, we will resume looking for resources today," Cathy said with determination. "Everyone, please, do your best!"

""Yes!""

"Be careful," Raizel said as she gazed at the gloomy skies of the Deadlands. "It seems that a storm is coming."

Cathy also glanced at the dark-gray sky with a calm gaze before nodding her head in agreement.

"We will not be away for too long," Cathy replied. "At most, we will return after three to four hours."

Raizel looked worriedly at Xenovia who had her arms crossed over her chest and leaning on the truck.

"Don't worry, I'm fine now." Xenovia grinned at the young beauty who was looking at her with concern. "Besides, we can't let Cathy's group wander around the Deadlands with such high tension in the air, right?"

Raizel nodded. "Be careful. At the first signs of trouble, immediately return to the Shelter."

"Got it," Xenovia replied.

A few minutes later, the Glory Shelter's scavenger team moved out to look for resources.

Although no one said anything, they could feel that something was different in the Deadlands today. There was some kind of invisible suppression that was coming down from the sky.

They couldn't help but think that something bad was going to happen, and that that something was going to happen very soon.