Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 851 - Let It Be Known That On This Day, We Dwarves Had Kept Our Oath

Lindir dove deep into the sea in search for the last remaining mirror that would put an end to his nightmare.

After a brief internal struggle, he finally agreed to Xenovia's proposal. However, what surprised him was that the Death Lord actually had a dejected look on her face as if she was deprived of her favorite toy.

An hour later, he and the rest of his Shelter were all searching underwater for the mirror that would decide their fate.

As Lindir dove in the murky darkness, he caught a brief ripple of power, which caught him by surprise.

'It's over there!' Lindir propelled himself deeper in the water as his senses locked on to the object that had caught his attention.

Soon, his hand grasped the edges of the mirror that had been lying at the bottom of the sea, for who knows how long.

His subordinates had noticed their leader's sudden movements and followed behind him. When they saw that the famed mirror was within his grasp, all of them celebrated and circled around him in delight.

If in the past, Lindir might have felt smug about this achievement. But now, he just felt empty inside.

He even had the thought of breaking the mirror in his hands to prevent Morax from attaining his goal, but he knew that it was impossible.

Why? Because the mirrors were indestructible.

Sighing in his heart, Lindir made the long journey back to the surface with the last mirror in his hands.

—-

Back in the Glory Shelter…

Cathy opened her eyes and sighed.

'The time has finally come,' Cathy said softly as she bit on the tip of her finger and placed it on the sleeping Half-Elf's lips. 'Will, it's time for you to wake up. The time of reckoning has come.'

Lilith and Raizel were also in the room with her, but both of them were busy looking outside the window and didn't notice Cathy's gesture.

As the drop of blood entered William's lips, his eyes slowly opened.

He looked up at the pretty lady who was looking down on him with a finger pressed over his lips, as if telling him not to say anything.

Soon, Cathy withdrew her finger, which had already healed, and placed her hand to the side.

She mouthed the words good luck before leaving the room.

Just as she had told William, there was very little that she could do to help him. Her role was to be a spectator, but she wasn't able to remain indifferent after seeing that the Half-Elf had fallen into the trap that Morax had laid out inside Xenovia's Sea of Consciousness.

William watched her go with a complicated look on his face. He had many questions to ask Cathy, but now was not the time for it. He, Lilith, and Raizel had things to do, and this was not the right moment to interrogate the pretty lady who seemed to have a knack for leaving William at a loss for words.

"Lilith, can you leave the room for a bit," William said to the surprise of the two girls who didn't expect him to wake up at this moment.

Truth be told, they hadn't even sensed Cathy's departure from the room, which added to their confusion.

"Okay," Lilith replied. "I will be waiting outside. Just call for me when you need me."

William nodded and gave her a kiss on the cheeks to assure her that everything was going to be fine.

As soon as the door closed, Raizel approached the bed and looked at William with a serious gaze.

"It's now or never," Raizel said with a determined look on her face.

William just smiled and held her hand. "Don't worry. I got this."

Raizel took a deep breath to calm her senses before lowering her head. They had done everything they could leading up to this moment.

No matter what happened, they couldn't afford to fail.

A minute later, Raizel took a step back with her eyes firmly closed.

William was lying on the bed just like before as if he had been asleep the whole time.

Five minutes passed before Raizel finally opened her eyes. She then lowered her head to kiss William's left cheek and whispered that everything was going to be fine.

"It's showtime," Raizel said as she walked towards the door with steady steps.

The moment of truth has arrived, and as the main actress of the show, she needed to play her part and play it well.

Lilith who was waiting outside the door looked at the young beauty with a smile.

"Did the two of you finish whatever you were doing?" Lilith asked.

"Yes," Raizel said with a complicated gaze as she held Lilith's hand. "Come with me to the rooftop."

"What about Will?"

"Let's look for Cathy to look after him."

Lilith could only nod her head as Raizel led her towards the empty hallways. While this was happening, the sky above the Deadlands had started to darken. The faint rumbling of thunder could be heard from the heavens, as Morax's laughter reverberated across the land.

"Everyone, today is the day that you will remember for the rest of your lives," Morax declared. "It is the day that all of you will witness the birth of a New World Order! Come! I invite all of you to partake in this grand event! I will be waiting for all of you on the outskirts of the Black Tower!"Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

—

Swiper gazed in the direction of the Black Tower with dread. His hands started to shake with anxiety and fear.

Even so, he forcefully clenched his fists and gritted his teeth.

'I hate to be on the losing side!' Swiper cursed internally in order to prevent his subordinates from losing their morale. He forcefully held back the words of anxiety in his chest as he continued to gaze at the Black Tower in the distance.

His subordinates, who were standing behind him shivered, as they gazed at the Tower that filled them with dread. It was as if they knew that if they did something stupid, all of them would end up dead.

—-

Eldon's gaze was solemn as he, and his men started to don their armor one by one. All of them were Dwarves, and they were a race that was known to stand against evil in any form.

After he finished putting on his armor, he scanned the faces of his subordinates, who had supported him up to this day.

"Today might be our last day here in this world," Eldon said. "We've had our fair share of ups and downs, but today, all of that will end. Either we return to our homeworlds, or return to the embrace of the Earth Goddess.

"Regardless of the outcome, I, Eldon Dragonfury, stand before you now as your brother, your friend, and your comrade."

Eldon raised his sledge hammer high up in the air.

"Glory to the Earth Goddess!"

""For the Earth Goddess!""

""For the Earth Goddess!""

""For the Earth Goddess!""

Eldon marched outside of his shelter followed by his trusted subordinates. All of them had prepared themselves for the worst, so they marched proudly as they faced the greatest battle of their lives.

"Hope, let it be known that, on this day, we Dwarves have kept our oath," Eldon said softly as he led his men to battle. "Just as our forefathers did in the days of old."