Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 852 - I Don't Want To Be Cannon Fodder

On the day the Ninth Mirror was found, everyone alive… and dead in the Deadlands started to stir.

Morax stood on the tip of the Black Tower with his eyes glowing with a golden color. The air picked up and powerful gusts of wind buffeted the surroundings, but aside from his hair and clothes, the Dread Lord was unfazed and smiled with delight.

Wade, Lindir, and the other Leaders who switched to Morax's camp, stood at the base of the tower looking at this sight with fear and expectations.

All of them were aware that, right now, Morax was the most powerful person in the Deadlands and nothing could stop him from doing whatever he wanted.

'Only fools would fight against such greatness,' Wade thought as he gazed at his fellow Leaders that had switched sides long ago. He then shifted his attention to Lindir who was looking up at the Dread Lord with a calm expression on his reptilian face.

As the one who found the last mirror, he was given special privilege to join Morax's side at the last minute. No one found this surprising because, for them, this was the best choice that the Leader of the Swamptide Shelter could make at the moment.

"Greetings, friends, why don't you all come a bit closer?" Morax said in a teasing tone. "Relax, I won't bite."

The Demonic Shelter, led by Swiper, and the Dwarven Shelter led by Eldon stood on the outskirts, just outside the Domain of the Black Tower.

Swiper and Eldon didn't comment and simply made their stand. Not far from them, two beautiful ladies stood on the rooftop of a small cafe, and observed the Black Tower from afar.

"Lilith, take this," Raizel said as she handed Gleipneir to the Amazon Princess.

Lilith didn't take the golden lasso that could change into a golden rope or chain depending on the wielder's will. Instead, she looked at the young beauty in confusion.

"Why? Isn't this your weapon?" Lilith asked.

Raizel shook her head. "The way I am now, I cannot bring out Gleipnir's full power. Only you can do it, so it should be in your hands."

"Then what about you?" Lilith inquired.

Raizel smiled as she raised her clenched fist. "I may not look like it, but I'm very good at hand to hand combat. Actually, this is my specialty. I just use Gleipnir so that others will think that it is the only weapon I have in my arsenal."

As if to prove her point, Raizel punched at the building across them, without moving from her spot. Suddenly, a meter-wide crater appeared in the wall of the building, proving that she was capable of dealing serious damage with just her bare fists.

Lilith nodded her head in acknowledgement and no longer argued about Raizel's decision to lend Gleipnir to her. She could indeed use the artifact's true power, which only the members of the Amazon Royal Family could activate.Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Let's go, we will assist Eldon and Swiper," Raizel said as she jumped off the roof.

Lilith didn't have any complaints and followed behind her. Their priority was to stop Morax from taking full control of the tower, and in order to do that, they must deal with his lackeys first.

"Tsk! Tsk! Tsk!" Morax sneered at the insignificant mortals that were trying to get in his way.

"Why resist? Don't you know how futile your resistance is?" Morax laughed. "Why don't you just join me instead. That way, you can also witness something that will be remembered for eternity."

Eldon took a step forward and pointed his sledgehammer at the Dread Lord who was looking down at them, as if they were as insignificant as ants.

"The only thing I want to see is how I will smash my hammer on your face!" Eldon declared.

Morax gave an exaggerated sigh as he opened both of his hands wide. "As expected of a dirty Dwarf. You smell like dirt. I don't need your despicable race in my new kingdom."

"What kingdom? The only thing you will see is kingdom come!"

"Wade, teach these Dwarves how to be Human. They lack class."

Wade and the other leaders summoned their weapons, with the exception of Lindir who just crossed his arms over his chest.

"What? Are you not joining?" Wade asked. "Do you perhaps hate the idea of hitting your Dwarf friend?"

Lindir snorted as he brushed off Wade's Taunt. "Don't tell me you can't handle a mere Dwarf and a few Demons? Oh, wait. Are you perhaps afraid of Eldon? Are you afraid of that trash, Swiper?"

"F*ck you, Lizard!" Swiper wasn't able to tolerate Lindir's total disregard for him. "Don't let me get my hands on you later! I'll barbecue you and eat your bones!"

Lindir shrugged. "This is what I hate about you, Swiper. You're all talk and no bite."

"Come here, you F*cker! I will destroy you!" Swiper took out his weapon and took a fighting stance.

Lindir just ignored the taunt and even gave Wade the "why are you still here?" stare.

Wade and the others looked at Lindir with contempt but none of them voiced their opinions. If they really couldn't handle Eldon's and Swiper's forces then they would lose face in front of Morax, who was watching this scene with an amused expression on his face.

Bone dragons hovered above the tower, as well as countless Undead Gargoyles and Specters.

On the ground, Skeleton Warriors, and every Undead Creature in existence propped up from the ground numbering in the thousands just like a horror movie.

"Dwarf, if I die here, I swear I will haunt you for life," Swiper said as he prepared himself to fight for his life. "Just why am I standing on your side? I want to be on the winning team dammit!"

"Then don't die, problem solved," Eldon grinned as his sledgehammer started to glow. "Also, no one asked you to stand on my side. You can still go over to their side, you know?"

"I don't want to," Swiper replied. "Anywhere where Avril and Wade are, I don't want to be on that side."

"And why is that?"

"They're just cannon fodder. I don't want to be cannon fodder."

Eldon laughed as he gazed fearlessly at the overwhelming number of enemies that were in front of him.

Soon, two ladies appeared on his right side, and the Dwarf gave them a brief nod of acknowledgement.

"Where is the boy?" Eldon asked.

"Sleeping," Raizel said. "This fight is so boring for him that he just couldn't be bothered to appear here."

"Is that so?" Eldon muttered. "It's a shame, I want to have a drink with him when this is all over."

Lilith smiled as she held Gleipnir in her hands. "Don't worry, you can have a drink with him later. For now, let's handle the small fries."

Eldon nodded. "Aye. sounds like a plan."

Morax pointed at the fools who stood before him and gave his order.

"Kill them all," Morax ordered. "If they don't want to serve me when they are alive, they will serve me in death."

With the Black Tower almost in his grasp, the Dread Lord treated this small interlude as a show for entertainment. After all, once the power of the Deadlands had been harnessed by the mirrors and the Black Tower, he would open the void and bring everyone, living and dead, back to the Celestial Realm where he would personally take his revenge.