Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 853 - Get Your Filthy Hands Off My Daughter!

"Glory to the Earth Goddess!"

""For the Earth Goddess!""

"Kill!" Eldon roared as he charged forward.

Lilith, Raizel, Swiper, as well as the members of the Dwarven and Demonic Shelters ran to meet their enemies in battle.

"Kill them all!" Wade ordered. "Leave no one alive!"

Although he felt pity that the two beautiful women were going to die at their hands, he just shrugged it off as if it was not important.

'If it's just women, I can have my fill after I leave this place,' Wade thought as he raised his weapon. 'The only thing I need to do is show merits in battle in order to gain Morax's good graces.'

As the two forces were about to collide, Lilith jumped high in the air with the golden lasso twirling around her.

"Bind the Firmament, Gleipnir!" Lilith shouted and the golden lasso in her hand extended like a giant golden serpent out for blood.

Lilith lashed out on the oncoming enemies and sent them all flying with one strike. Even Wade didn't expect Raizel's weapon to be used in such a manner, and he was caught completely by surprise.

Even so, he was a seasoned fighter, so he was able to block in time and used the momentum of the blow to propel himself backwards.

'This is good as well, the Undead will weaken them first before I go for the kill,' Wade sneered as he landed hundreds of meters away from the frontlines.

He then glanced at the other members of his Shelter. They had suffered serious injuries from Lilith's surprise attack, and the smugness he felt earlier disappeared completely.

Eldon sent a Death Lord flying with his sledgehammer. Although he wasn't even five feet tall, and his reach wasn't that far, his sledgehammer made up for those losses and made him a mean fighting machine on the battlefield.

Anyone that got hit by his sledgehammer either got smashed to pieces, or turned into meat paste. As the leader of the Dwarf Race, his innate strength was similar to Chloee's in her transformed form.

Swiper, whom Lindir teased as trash, slashed everything within his strike range. Although he wasn't as strong as William, Lilith, Raizel, and Eldon, he was still stronger than the other Leaders in the Deadlands with the exception of Avril.

Eldon laughed as he fought back to back with the Boarkin who was showing his tenacity.

"As long as you can keep swinging your sword until the end, you will not die."

"Shut up, Dwarf. Don't jinx it!"

Raizel delivered several punches and kicks at those surrounding her, practically obliterating the Skeleton Warriors that had come at her from all directions.

Her face was calm and her gaze was steady. It was as if being outnumbered a thousand to one was not a big deal to her.

Suddenly, a Death Lord riding a bone dragon descended from the sky and charged in her direction.

Lilith was busy dealing with the monsters around her, but she was still able to spare some attention to the young beauty that was very dear to her. When she saw the Bone Dragon attacking Raizel's blindspot, she immediately lashed Gleipnir like a whip in order to protect her from the sneak attack.

The golden lasso extended and wrapped itself on the Bone Dragon's body. With one mighty shout, Lilith pulled and smashed it to the densely packed undead like a giant wrecking ball.

Raizel glanced at Lilith's direction giving her a brief nod for helping her evade an attack from behind.Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Not long after, the young beauty heard the sounds of wind whistling and immediately glanced at her right side.

Another bone dragon with a Death Lord was flying towards her location, but this time, she was prepared.

With a loud shout, Raizel stomped on the ground sending rock flying in all directions. After that, she used her foot to propel herself to the air, just in time to land on the Bone Dragon's back.

"Die!" The Death Lord shouted as it slashed its weapon at the young beauty who had hitched a ride on its mount.

Raizel stepped to the side, dodging the Death Lord's blow by a few inches.

The dragon flew high in the air as the Death Lord and the young beauty fought on its back.

The two exchanged several blows at each other before Raizel found an opportunity to kick the Death Lord of the Bone Dragon's back, sending its body crashing towards the ground.

Lilith who was paying close attention to the battle smiled when she saw Raizel get the upper hand, however, the smile instantly disappeared on her face after she saw that someone else had appeared on the back of the Black Dragon.

"Behind you!" Lilith shouted with all of her might, but it was too late.

Raizel's expression twisted in disbelief as a blue crystal blade pierced through her chest from the back.

She stared at the sword for a few seconds before the light in her eyes dimmed, and her body lost its strength.

Immediately, her attacker supported her body, preventing it from falling off the Dragon's back.

The attacker was wearing a black cape that had the ability to turn its wearer invisible. This was one of the gifts that Morax had given Avril, alongside the blue crystal blade in her hand, for swearing fealty to him.

"Nooooo!" Lilith roared as she used Gleipnir to propel herself toward the Bone Dragon that was carrying the hateful Elf who had attacked someone very dear to her.

"Get your filthy hands off my daughter!" Lilith shouted as Gleipnir transformed into a golden dragon that was out for blood.

With a mighty roar, the golden dragon flew towards the Bone Dragon in a fury.

Avril sneered as she held her prize in her loving embrace. As soon as the Golden Dragon was about to hit the Bone dragon, it was sent back by a powerful punch that came from the Dread Lord, who had remained a a spectator until a moment ago.

"Enjoy your reward," Morax said. "Let the others handle the rest."

Avril slightly bowed her head as she gazed at the Dread Lord who had honored his part of the deal.

"Thank you, Your Excellency," Avril said.

"It's just a simple thing. I look forward to your performance in the future."

"I will not disappoint you, My Lord."

After saying her words of gratitude, Avril guided the Bone Dragon towards the Black Tower.

Lilith was about to follow her but Morax flicked his hand and sent a red lightning bolt towards her.

The Amazon Princess was forced to block it using Gleipnir and the impact sent her hurtling towards the air, far from her precious daughter, who had died in Avril's hands.

The Amazon smashed on the ground, creating a crater. However, she ignored her injuries and shouted with all of her might.

"Give her back to me!" Lilith shouted. "Give me back my daughter! Give Raizel back to me!"

Her anguished cry spread across the battlefield, but no one paid her any mind. Not even the Dread Lord who had prevented her from taking her daughter back from the beautiful Elf, who'd had her eyes on the young beauty ever since she had taken a leading role in the Deadlands.

—--