Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 854 - Will She Be Really Of Any Use?

Inside the Black Tower…

"Finally, you now belong to me," Avril caressed the young beauty's face lovingly. "I've waited for this day for so long… now, you're finally mine."

When Avril had given Morax the mirror, her wish was to make Raizel hers. However, she didn't plan to have a Master and Servant relationship. What the beautiful Elf wanted was Raizel's everything.

Including her soul.

Morax agreed to her request and crafted her a blue crystal blade that had the power to enslave the souls of others. As long as that person's heart was pierced by the blade, they would lose control over their entire body, and their soul would be sealed by the power of the blue crystal blade.

"I'm very sorry, Raizel," Avril said lovingly. "I didn't want to hurt you, but this was the only way we could be together. Don't worry, I promise that I will not mistreat you. I will not allow you to get hurt by anyone, you will be safe with me."

When Raizel first appeared in the Deadlands, Avril didn't pay her much attention. However, the beautiful Elf started to take notice of her when Xenovia had died.

The young beauty had done her best to protect the Glory Shelter all by herself, and Avril watched her the entire time.

Her bravery, her youth, and beauty started to pluck the heartstrings of Avril's heart, which left her obsessed with the red-haired young lady.

At first, Avril decided to get close to her by asking her to become her right hand woman. The beautiful Elf even offered to take care of the entire Glory Shelter as long as she could have Raizel by her side.

Unfortunately, the young beauty politely rejected her offer with the excuse that Xenovia wouldn't want that to happen. On the surface, Avril accepted her reason, but deep inside she lamented that a dead Human had prevented her from taking what she wanted.

Every week that passed, Avril's obsession with Raizel grew. In the end she herself found this to be abnormal because no matter how much she cared for the young beauty, she still felt that her obsession was getting out of hand.

Avril had a unique ability of being able to sense the strong power hidden in the bloodline of people. This was how she had recruited powerful warriors to serve under her when she was still in her homeworld.

When she became trapped in the Deadlands, she thought that this ability of hers was gone because she felt nothing towards the people that had found themselves stranded in this strange world like her.

Aside from being able to sense the power of hidden bloodlines on other people, Avril had another ability. That ability was to temporarily copy that person's power for a short period of time by drinking their blood.

Naturally, she didn't plan to drink Raizel's blood because she adored her. She only wanted to have the young beauty by her side and possess everything she had, including her soul.

"Raizel, my lovely Raizel, I love you," Avril said as looked into the young beauty's dimmed eyes, which contained no consciousness of their own. "Tell me, you love me too, right? Just nod your head, My Love. That is enough."

The blue blade glowed briefly in Avril's hand as if issuing an absolute command to the lady she wanted to have for herself.

Raizel nodded her head, which made Avril very happy.

"I knew it!" Avril smiled happily. "I knew that you loved me, too."

Overcome with happiness, the beautiful Elf kissed Raizel's forehead and cheeks.

Avril's hand then moved downwards, stopping on Raizel's chest as she held it fondly.

"My love, today I will take your everything," Avril said as her hand continued to move downwards and stopped at Raizel's abdomen, which she lovingly rubbed before looking at the young beauty's eyes that were devoid of consciousness. "Including your most precious possession."

She then grabbed Raizel's hand and led her towards the bed.

Avril took off her clothing first, then Raizel's before making her sit on top of the bed alongside her.

"I order you to love me," Avril said and the blue crystal blade that floated in the air once again glowed briefly. "Make love to me, my beloved. You don't have to worry about the meaningless battle that is going on outside, just focus on me, and me alone."

Raizel moved and pulled Avril's naked body close to her. Avril didn't resist, and even enjoyed the sensation of Raizel's body pressing against hers. A moment later, the young beauty's hands wrapped around the Elf's body, holding her in place.

Raizel then lowered her head to kiss Avril's neck, repeatedly, which made the beautiful Elf sigh in pleasure.

Suddenly, Avril felt a piercing pain in her neck which put her in a daze.

"Darling, is this how your race shows their love to another?" Avril asked, and glanced at the glowing crystal blade in the air. Since the power of the blade was still in effect, she thought that this was part of Raizel's culture when professing their love to their beloved.

Soon, the pain disappeared and a blissful expression spread across Avril's face.

"Y-Yes! This is it! This is what I want," Avril said as she held Raizel's head against her neck. "Give me more! Make me feel good!"

A minute later, Avril started to feel lightheaded. It was at this moment when she realized that something was amiss.

"S-Stop!" Avril ordered. "Raizel, stop now!"

The young beauty ignored her and kept on drinking the beautiful Elf's blood.

"I said stop!" Avril mustered her strength to push Raizel away, but the latter had locked her in a firm hold, preventing the beautiful elf from breaking free. "I order you to stop! STOP! STOP IT!"

The blue crystal blade glowed brightly as if reinforcing Avril's command, but the young beauty ignored her and kept on sucking the life force from her body.

Soon, Avril felt faint as her consciousness started to blur.

"Sto….Stop. Pl…. Please… St…Stop," Avril begged as she found herself about to lose consciousness. This was the moment that the beautiful elf realized that the blue crystal blade wasn't affecting the young beauty, whose soul she had thought to have been under her complete control.

Her hands were still trying to push Raizel away, but they no longer contained any strength in them. Soon, her hands fell to the side as her body slackened completely.

Only the sound of someone sucking blood echoed inside the closed room.

Ten minutes later, the young beauty finally pulled her fangs out of the neck of the no-longer beautiful Elf, who had almost turned into a dry husk.

Raizel pushed the body aside indifferently, making it fall to the ground.

"You dare covet my daughter in this manner?" Raizel's words were deep and menacing. "Unforgivable."

The young beauty then picked up her clothes from the floor and put them on as fast as she could.

William, who was possessing Raizel's body, was doing his best to calm the killing intent that was rising from his very soul.

As someone that had been enslaved by the Collar of Wisteria in the past, the Half-Elf had gained full immunity to all kinds of enslavement spells, including those that target the soul

Currently, Raizel's body was still under the enslavement spell, but William's soul had overpowered the Blue Crystal Blade's influence and had taken full control of Raizel's body.

William then grabbed the hateful sword that was floating in the air and smashed it with his bare hands. The blade shattered into countless pieces before turning into particles of light. The spell that bound Raizel's body had finally been broken, making the Half-Elf's anger subside by a small margin.

After making sure that the enslavement spell had been broken, William gave the lifeless Elf on the ground a side-long glance before leaving the room.RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

He still had things to do and couldn't be bothered in dealing with the Elf that had tried to make someone very precious to him, her personal plaything.

"Raizel, I'm inside," William said as she walked the abandoned hallways of the Black Tower. "Once I am in the throne room, we will proceed with the second phase of our plan. Hurry up and go to your mother. I'm sure that she's gone ballistic by now."

—-

Raizel, who was possessing William's body, jumped from roof to roof as she headed in the direction of the Black Tower.

The moment her original body was captured, she left the Glory Shelter in order to meet with Lilith.

"Pa, be careful," Raizel replied as the blue gem on William's chest glowed. "I am on my way."

"Don't worry about me." William's voice reached her ears. "I'm more worried about your mother. She's probably going all out right now in order to get your body back."

A brief silence passed between the two before Raizel asked William a question.

"Is Avril dead?" Raizel asked.

"No," William replied. "I was very tempted to kill her, but since you told me to spare her, I just transformed her into a vampire and made her my eternal slave. She won't be moving anytime soon because I ordered her to not move a muscle until I tell her to do so."

"Thank you, Pa."

"Will she really be of any use?"

Raizel smiled as she neared the battlefield. "In time. Let's deal with the Black Tower First."

Raizel's eyes locked on the Amazon Princess whose blood, and tears had merged with Gleipnir, allowing her to wield the artifact's power to its fullest.

Her heart ached knowing that her mother was going all out for her sake, but this was something that needed to happen.

Only by combining their full powers would they have a chance to stand against the Dread Lord, whose Divinity was returning and would allow him to return to the realm of the Gods.