Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 855 - Hurry! Save Her! Save Our Daughter!

Lilith's tears fell like rain as she smashed every Undead in her path.

She was doing her best to get near to the Black Tower, in order to save Raizel, but Morax was preventing her from doing so with a devilish smile on his face.

Clearly, the Dread Lord was enjoying the Amazon Princess' anguish, and using it to entertain himself, while the nine mirrors were absorbing the power of the Deadlands.

"Get out of my way!" Lilith roared as the Golden Dragon charged towards the Dread Lord. she had done this many times, and everytime she did, the Dread Lord would simply repel it as if he was merely dealing with an insect.

This was Lilith's strongest attack. However, she was not fighting against a Demigod, but a Pseudo-God.

With a flick of his finger, the Golden Dragon shattered, sending a backlash into the Amazon Princess' body.

Blood streamed down the side off Lilith's lips as she bit her lips in frustration.

"You said she was your daughter, right?" Morax asked with a smile. "Well, if you really want to be by her side, I can make that happen."

Lilith held Gleipnir firmly as she tried to muster her remaining strength. She ignored the Dread Lord's words because she knew that Morax was just trying to break her spirit and resolve.

The last thing the Amazon Princess wanted was to give the Dread Lord the satisfaction he was looking for. Even if her body and bones broke, she would never allow Morax to break her spirit.

Lilith knew that if she broke down now, she would never see her daughter again.

'There's only one way,' Lilith gritted her teeth as she transformed Gleipnir into a golden dagger. 'I will sacrifice half of my lifespan to smash that tower to pieces and save Raizel!'

Morax raised an eyebrow because he didn't know what Lilith was planning to do. However, he wasn't too worried. His powers had far surpassed anyone in the Deadlands and no matter what they did, it would still be futile in the end.

"Shatter the Firmament," Lilith held the golden dagger with both hands and aimed it at her chest. "Gleipnir!"

Lilith brought the golden dagger down with all her might to stab it into her chest as she closed her eyes, and yet, the pain didn't come.

Unsure of what was happening, she opened her eyes and saw a hand firmly holding the blade of the dagger, preventing it from reaching its intended goal.

"W-Will?" Lilith asked as she looked at the handsome Half-Elf who was looking at her with an affectionate gaze.

"You will go this far for me…," William said softly as he took the dagger of Lilith's hands.

Morax frowned when he saw the Half-Elf appear on the battlefield. He didn't expect the single variable that stood in his way to wake up from his comatose state at the last moment.

"Will, Raizel got taken," Lilith cried as she grabbed William's arm. "Hurry! Save her! Save our daughter!"

William pulled Lilith's closer to him and whispered in her ear.

"Don't worry, Raizel is safe," William replied. "Come with me."

William didn't wait for Lilith's reply and simply carried her away from the battlefield.

When Eldon saw the Half-Elf taking Lilith away, he immediately shouted and ordered everyone to retreat. Swiper, who was fighting side by side with the Dwarf, also commanded his subordinates to run away from the battlefield.

"Hahaha!" Morax thought that the Half-Elf was going to fight him, but seeing his fleeing figure made him laugh out loud. "In the end, in the face of absolute strength, all tricks are meaningless! Go after them! Don't let them escape!"

The swarm of Undead as well as the Leaders of the Shelters all ran after the retreating Warriors who had dared to fight against them. Morax watched them go and laughed out loud. It had been a while since he had been entertained to this extent, and he wanted to savor it until the very last minute.

"What are you doing?!" Lilith shouted as she struggled within William's embrace.

The Half-Elf was carrying her in a princess carry and jumping from rooftop to rooftop, trying to gain as much distance as he could from the vicinity of the Black Tower.

"Ma, don't struggle," William said. "It's me, Raizel."

"Stop talking nonsense!" Lilith replied as she smacked William's chest with her closed fist. "This is no time for jokes!"

"I'm not joking," William landed on top of a rooftop and allowed Lilith to stand on her two feet. "It's really me. I switched bodies with Papa. The one that Avril captured was him."

"Give me proof! If you don't give me any I'll go to the Black Tower with or without you!"

"Proof? That's easy."

William lowered her head and whispered something in Lilith's ears. A moment later, the Amazon Princess' eyes widened in shock as she looked at the Half-Elf in disbelief.

She had spent a lot of time with Raizel, and she had told the young beauty many of her secrets. Right now, the red-headed teenager in front of her just told her some of the things that she asked Raizel to keep secret.

"I-It's really you, Raizel?"

"Yes. It's me, Mama."

Lilith cried as she hugged her daughter who was currently inside William's body. She had been so desperate trying to advance earlier because she was worried about her condition.

"You're worried about me, but you're not worried about Papa?" Raizel asked in a teasing tone.

"Why should I worry about that idiot?" Lilith complained. "If he had only told me about your plan, I wouldn't have been this anxious!"

"But, if we had told you, you wouldn't have acted the way you did."

"Both of you are cruel. Do you know that my heart almost broke when I saw you get stabbed? How can the two of you do this to me?"

Lilith complained as she shed bitter tears while hugging William tightly.

"I'm sorry." William patted Lilith's back in order to comfort her. "However, the battle is not yet over. Ma, I need it now."

"Are you talking about That?"

"Yes. After you and Papa became one, his body gained the ability to contain your power, Mama. Now is the time to put it to use and show that Dread Lord that the one who will have the last laugh will be us."

Lilith nodded. "Pay him back for the suffering I experienced."Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Papa will pay him tenfold," Raizel nodded with a smile. She then lifted Lilith's chin and pressed her lips over hers.

Lilith's body glowed briefly before it lost all of its strength.

Raizel supported the Amazon Princess' body and held her tight.

"Pa, I'm ready on my side," Raizel said. "How about you?"

—--

Inside the Black Tower…

Several skeleton bones littered the ground as William made his way to the empty throne room. The reason Morax always sat on the Dragonbone Throne was due to the fact that it was the main control mechanism that controlled the Black Tower.

Currently, Morax had already gained full control of the tower, so he no longer needed to sit on the throne. The Nine Mirrors were in the process of gathering all the Laws of the Deadlands, and merging it into one single law that would be absorbed by Morax, giving him power over Life and Death.

The Dread Lord was currently unaware of what was happening inside the Black Tower because it was enveloped by a barrier that prevented anyone from getting in, with the Exception of the Dread Lord himself.

After dealing with the Death Knights that were guarding the throne, the young beauty sat on it and closed her eyes.

"I'm ready," William replied. "How is your mother?"

"She's complaining to me and says that she will murder you later," Raizel replied with a giggle.

"Sounds like she's fine."

"She is, but she's currently unable to move."

William smiled. He knew that Lilith might be very angry with him right now, but there was nothing he could do about it. For now, he set aside the Amazon Princess' wrath and focused his attention on the matter at hand.

"Raizel, be careful."

"I will. Let's switch now. Papa."

"Okay."

The young beauty sitting in the throne room slowly opened her eyes. She then briefly scanned her surroundings before resting her hands on the armrest of the Dragonbone Throne.

Now that she was safely inside the Black Tower, it was time to move onto the third phase of their plan. Raizel narrowed her eyes as she started to snatch control over the Black Tower right under the Dread Lord's nose.