Chapter 856 - There Is Nothing In This World That I Can't Steal!

When William opened his eyes he found himself holding the Amazon Princess in his embrace.

The Half-Elf's heart ached when he saw Lilith's tear and blood-stained face.

"I'm sorry, Lilith," William said softly. "I hurt you."

"W-Will?" Lilith gazed at him in confusion. "Where is Raizel?"

"She's inside the tower. We swapped bodies in order to proceed to the third part of the plan."

"... Will she be safe?"

William shook his head. "I don't know, but I believe in her. After all, she is our daughter, right?"

The Half-Elf used his robe to wipe away the tears and blood-stains on Lilith's face. He could tell that she was very weak right now, and his heart ached more knowing that all of this happened because they didn't tell her about their plan to infiltrate the Black Tower and wrest it away from Morax's control.

"So, the reason you gave me Gleipnir earlier was to…?"

"To protect yourself. It is a weapon that can only be used by the Amazon Royal Family, so it was best to have it on your side while we infiltrated the tower."

Lilith could only sigh after hearing William's explanation. Because of Gleipnir, she was able to wreak havoc on the battlefield. The only one that could stop her rampage was the Dread Lord who was far above her league.

"How about that b*tch, Avril? I want to kill her!"

"You don't have to worry about her. I killed her for you."

"You should have left her to me. I would have strangled that b*tch to death."

William patted her head as he held her tight. Technically, he didn't lie to her. Avril was indeed dead because the Half-Elf had sucked almost all of her blood and transformed her into a vampire.

If not for Raizel's request to spare her, William would have definitely given the Elf a gruesome death.

"Merge with me," William ordered. "I don't know if it will work, but I have a feeling that it is possible."

Although he couldn't talk to Optimus, or see his status page, William was confident that Lilith had already been registered as one of his Familia members.

Right now, the Amazon Princess was very weak and he would be worried sick if he left her all alone while he fought off the Undead.

It was better to take her along so that he could have some peace of mind as he waited for the moment when he would give Morax his just desserts for hurting the members of his family.

William kissed Lilith, and the latter kissed him back. Soon, the blue gem on his chest started to glow, and a familiar feeling washed over the Half-Elf's body.

Lilith turned into particles of light and entered the crystal in William's chest. Although he didn't receive any powerful boosts like what he did when he merged with his wives, he was fine with it.

The only thing on his mind was to ensure that Lilith would be safe from harm as he helped Eldon and Swiper resist the Undead Army.

—--

"Are you regretting it now, Eldon?" Wade asked. "If you weren't so stubborn, you wouldn't be in your current situation right now."

"Why are you only asking the Dwarf and not me?" Swiper complained as he glared at the man who had stepped forward to antagonize them.

"In my eyes, you're just cannon fodder," Wade shrugged. "No one cares about you, Swiper."

"You F*cker! I'll kill you!"

"Can you?"

Wade laughed when he heard the Demonic Boar's angry words. For him, Swiper was just a clown strutting around the Deadlands. He was not like Eldon whom Wade considered an equal.

"Look at you acting so smug," Eldon sneered. "Do you think that you've already won?"

Wade chuckled as he made a gesture around them.

There were Undead as far as the eyes could see and they had trapped the Dwarven and Demonic Warriors in an encirclement.

Wade was confident that no matter what the two did, they wouldn't be able to escape this place, so he found Eldon's words very funny.RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

"I don't think we've won," Wade replied. "We. Have. Won. Surrender now and Lord Morax might find it in his heart to show mercy on you all. Refuse and you will still be joining us, but as Undead. Either way, we will still be comrades in the end, so why continue to resist?"

Before Wade could continue his lengthy persuasion, a commotion broke out in the East as several skeletons were blown high into the air as they broke into pieces.

A few moments later, a lone figure broke out from the encirclement and casually strolled towards Eldon and Swiper.

"Sorry, I'm late," William said with a smile. "Well then, shall we get this party started?"

—-

Morax watched William from afar. He would love to personally smash the Half-Elf with his own hands, but he couldn't leave the Black Tower at the moment.

Eight Mirrors floated around the tip of the tower, while the ninth hovered at its center.

Morax floated a hundred meters above the Ninth Mirror.

A moment later, the Black Tower pulsed with power. The dark clouds hanging above it parted, revealing a blood-red-moon.

Morax sighed as he watched this scene because he knew what was going to happen next. The Dread Lord glanced at the Seven Glowing Mirrors and knew that the time was close at hand.

'When the Eighth Mirror finishes collecting the Law of Rebirth, all eight mirrors will then transfer the laws they collected to the Ninth Mirror merging them all into one,' Morax mused. 'Seven have been collected thus far which means that the eclipse will start right about… now.'

As if waiting for that moment, the bottom corner of the blood-red moon started to darken.

The Lunar Eclipse, that opened the pathways to the different worlds, would allow Morax to travel freely without being detected by the Gods.

'Just a little more,' Morax thought. 'Just a little more and I will be unstoppable!'

—-

'Just a little more,' Raizel thought as beads of sweat formed on her forehead. She didn't try to take control of the Black Tower right away. Instead, she familiarized herself with the important functions of the Tower.

If she tried to hijack the Tower, Morax would immediately feel it and stop her from getting in the way of his plans. What Raizel wanted to do was to use a Blitzkrieg attack that would render the Death Lord momentarily helpless.

'Papa, has the lunar eclipse started?' Raizel asked as she finished analyzing the Black Tower's basic functions.

'Yes," William replied as he smashed a Death Knight to pieces. 'Right now, it's halfway finished.'

'Understood.' Raizel took a deep breath as she readied herself for the next phase of their plan. During this time, she would be vulnerable to all attacks. So, if Morax decided to attack her, she would have no means to defend herself.

As if sensing her fears from their connection, William's teasing voice echoed in Raizel's head.

'Are you scared?' William asked.

Although he couldn't see his daughter, he could guess what she was thinking at the moment. The throne room inside the Black Tower was a cold and lonely place. It was very easy for people to lose their warmth, and think of negative thoughts while sitting on the Dragonbone Throne.

William wished that he could take her place, but he also had an important role to play. The only thing he could do was give Raizel words of encouragement that everything was going to be alright.

'A little," Raizel replied.

'Don't be,' Lilith's voice suddenly interjected between their conversation. 'The three of us are in this together. You are not alone.'

Raizel felt something warm spread inside her chest as she gripped the cold armrests of the Dragonbone Throne with shaking hands.

Truth be told, she was very scared, to the point that she couldn't stop her body from trembling. Even so, Lilith's voice and love reached her, so she was starting to regain her composure.

'It's almost time, Raizel,' William said. 'The Eighth Mirror has nearly collected the Laws of Rebirth. It's now or never.'

Raizel took a deep breath as she held the armrests of the throne firmly.

Now was not the time to think of scary things.

'Ma, Pa… I will wait for both of you, in the future,' Raizel said as she fully activated the power of Lilith's Divinity of Greed. 'Just you wait Morax. There is nothing in this world that I can't steal!'