Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 857 - Today, I Shall Be The King Of This World

Morax's gaze was focused on the eighth mirror that was slowly being filled up by the Law of Rebirth.

The Deadlands had Eight Laws, and the Laws of Death and Rebirth were the most important of them all.

Above his head, the lunar eclipse was almost complete, and it would take at most a half a minute for everything to fall in place.

William glanced at the Black Tower as he fought off against the Undead alongside Eldon and Swiper. He knew that Raizel would make her move at the last minute in order to thwart Morax's plan for complete domination.

Suddenly, the Deadlands was covered in darkness.

Only the glowing mirrors and the Black Tower, which was pulsing with power, were the only light-sources in the area.

"It's time," Morax grinned as the first mirror shot a beam of light towards the Ninth Mirror, which was floating above the tower.

One by one, all of the mirrors did the same and transferred the power of the Laws that they had collected to the Ninth Mirror in order to merge them together.

The Black Tower glowed, and pulsed like a beating heart as the Ninth Mirror completed the merger of the Laws of the Deadlands.

A concentrated golden ball appeared on its surface as it faced upwards, reflecting Morax's triumphant gaze.

"Today, I shall be the King of this World!" Morax declared as he raised his hands in elation. "Tomorrow, I will be the Conqueror of Worlds!"

Morax's laughter spread across the Deadlands as the Ninth Mirror glowed brightly. Clearly, it was about to shoot out a beam of light that would infuse the power of the Deadlands in Morax's body.

This power was more than enough to heal all of the injuries he had received from the Gods, and allow him to return to his peak. As a former God, Morax had long wished to return to the Celestial Realm, and take revenge on those that had plotted against him.

With a sound that resembled the shattering of thousand crystals, the Ninth Mirror released the powers that it had gathered into its body.

Morax closed his eyes in ecstasy as he waited for the power to surge inside his body.

It was at that moment when an explosion erupted on the battlefield where William and the rest were fighting.

Eldon and Swiper looked in awe as the red-headed teenager floated in the air, bathed in a golden light that illuminated the entire Deadlands like a sun.

"Good job, Raizel," William said softly as a devilish grin appeared on his face.

A series of notification sounds echoed inside Wiliam's head and rows upon rows of text appeared on his status page.

—--

< Ding! >

< Vampiric Necromancer has reached its maximum level! >

< Automatic Class Ascension Initiated! >

< Congratulations! >

< You have changed your Job Class to Vampiric Prince! >

< Ding! >

< Vampiric Prince has reached its maximum level! >

< Automatic Class Ascension Initiated! >

< Congratulations! >

< You have changed your Job Class to Vampire King >

< Ding! >

< Due to the power of the Deadlands, your Job Class Vampire King will be upgraded to its Ultimate Class, Vampire Progenitor. >

< Do you wish to proceed? >

< Yes / No >

—--

Although this was the first time that he had heard about an Ultimate Class, William didn't hesitate and chose Yes.

He knew what he was up against, and he needed all the power he could muster in order to stand toe to toe with a Pseudo-God.

Immediately the blood vessels in his body bulged as the power of the Ultimate Class spread across his entire body.

William was familiar with this feeling, because it was the same feeling he felt when he had merged his Job Classes together and obtained the Einherjar Job Class.

Morax, who felt that something was amiss, opened his eyes and saw the Ninth Mirror shoot a beam of golden light towards the Half-Elf who was fighting on the outskirts of the Black Tower.

"Impossible!" Morax gasped in shock at the unbelievable scene that was happening in front of him. "This is impossible! What is happening?!"

The Dread Lord looked at the Ninth Mirror in disbelief because he couldn't understand what was happening.

Everything was going according to his plans, but at the last second, the power he had gathered for himself was now being given to his mortal enemy!

"Bastard!" Morax shouted as he smashed the Ninth Mirror into pieces, but it was already too late.

The Laws of the Deadlands were now merging with Wiliam's body. Even from afar, Morax could feel the Half-Elf's power rising at an incredible rate.

A few seconds later, Morax felt his connection with the Black Tower slowly start to weaken. It was then he realized that someone had tampered with the Tower's settings and ruined the plan he had painstakingly made over the years.

"You hateful wench!" Morax roared in anger when he sensed Raizel's presence inside the throne room. "I'll kill you!"

Morax immediately descended from the sky with fury with every intention of ripping the young beauty to shreds for getting in his way.

Raizel immediately raised the defenses of the Black Tower that were under her command, but all of them were broken by the enraged Dread Lord, who had punched a hole in the tower itself in order to reach the throne room as fast as possible.

The young beauty had just managed to take over fifty percent of the Black Tower's functions, so she wasn't able to fully use its maximum capabilities.

Even so, she still managed to slow down the Dread Lord's descent, buying herself some time to acquire more of Black Tower's abilities.

"Die, Wench!" Morax hurled two black spears that pierced through the Black Tower's floors and descended upon the defenseless lady sitting in the throne room.

A pained cry escaped Raizel's lips as the two spears penetrated her chest and shoulder, pinning her to the throne. The young beauty managed to move aside at the last second, preventing the black spear from piercing her heart directly.

Raizel bit her lips, until it bled, to prevent herself from screaming. Her blood stained her clothes, and her attempt to seize full control of the Tower came to a complete halt.

Due to the injuries she received, the defenses that she had erected all shattered, allowing Morax to descend to the throne room unhindered.

"You whore! How dare you get in my way!" Morax's thrust his clawed hands towards the girl's chest with the intention of ripping her heart out from her body.

However, before the Dread Lord's hand could even touch the young beauty's body, a foot suddenly appeared in his line of sight.

Everything happened so fast that Morax didn't have time to process what happened. The only thing he knew was that he felt pain at the center of his face, before his entire body slammed into the wall of the throne room.

"You!" Morax roared as he pointed at the Half-Elf who was currently pulling out one of the black spears from the young woman's body. "I should have killed you! I should have ended your life long ago!"Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

The Dread Lord's hateful shouts passed through the Half-Elf's ears like a passing breeze. After pulling out the two spears that had impaled his daughter, William started to heal her injuries using the power of his blood.

A few seconds later, the gaping wounds regenerated completely, leaving no scars behind.

"Sorry, I'm late," William said as he patted Raizel's head. "Don't worry. You're safe now."

Raizel's tears streamed down on her face as William's warm hand washed away the fear and pain that had taken hold of her body a few moments ago.

"Lilith, look after Raizel," William stated as he faced the Dread Lord whose face had already contorted into that of a beast due to extreme anger.

The Amazon Princess appeared beside William. She then hurriedly went to hug Raizel and wrapped the young beauty in her protective embrace.

"Kill him!" Lilith ordered. "Make him pay for hurting my daughter!"

William nodded. "Don't worry. I planned to do that from the very start."

He had no intention of letting Morax live after what he had done to Raizel. Not only did the Dreadlord make a weapon that would enslave his daughter's soul, the hateful Avril wanted to take everything from her as well.

This had crossed William's bottom line and he had been feeling murderous long ago. Although he was still not a match against the Pseudo-God in front of him, it was only a matter of time before the power of the Deadlands finished merging with his body.

When that time came, the Half-Elf believed that he would have the power to smash Morax's body and soul to a pulp, using the Laws that governed Life and Death.