Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 858 - Does This Look Like The Face Of Mercy To You?

The Black Tower trembled as two figures fought inside it in close combat. The powerful shockwaves buffeted the Amazon Princess and the young beauty that was seated on the throne.

William was doing his best to mitigate the damage that was being sent in their direction by using his body to deflect the shockwaves that were supposed to hit them.

The Half-Elf's powerful regeneration ability was able to heal the damages that he received from exchanging blows with Morax.

The Dread Lord knew that William was only buying time for the power of the Laws to merge with the Half-Elf's body completely. In order to slow down the merging process, Morax had unleashed several attacks at the two ladies, forcing Wiliam to go to their defense, which made him suffer serious injuries.

Raizel and Lilith were not being idle either as they worked together to take control of the Black Tower.

Currently, the Amazon Princess' Divinity was inside Raizel, so she was using her connection with the Power of Greed, to half the pressure that the young beauty was facing.

Together, they managed to make great progress as they took over 70% of the Black Tower's authority.

'Will, I'm sending you and that bastard outside of the tower,' Lilith said via telepathy. 'I know you can't fight him to the fullest because you are busy protecting us.'

'Okay,' William replied. 'Do it now. He is charging a powerful attack, and I may not be able to block it in time.'

Just as the two finished talking to each other, the Dread Lord raised his hand to unleash one of his ultimate moves.

"Infernal Flare!" Morax shouted. He planned to unleash a Hellfire and burn everything in the throne room to ashes. He no longer cared about the tower, his only desire was to kill the insects that had gotten in his way!

A powerful explosion rocked the entire Deadlands as a blazing inferno razed a quarter of the Undead Army, obliterating them completely.

Swiper, who was near the area of the explosion, was blasted away by the scorching gusts of air that made him scream in fear and pain.

"Back away!" Eldon ordered as the Dwarves under his command ran towards the opposite side of the battlefield.

The sudden attack caught him and everyone else by surprise, and the only thing they could do was to get away from the Dread Lord who no longer had an amused expression on his face.

"I knew I should have killed you earlier!" Morax gnashed his teeth in both anger and regret as he glared at the Half-Elf in front of him. "If only you hadn't arrived here in the Deadlands! If only you were not here!"

William didn't comment and simply hovered in the air, allowing the Dread Lord to shout at him. It was at that moment when he noticed movement out of the corner of his eye.

A certain pretty lady casually walked towards the entrance of the Black Tower with a charming smile on her face. Upon noticing that William had noticed her, Cathy gave the Half-Elf a playful wink before disappearing in its interior.

The corner of William's lips twitched because he didn't expect Cathy to be so carefree, while all of them were fighting with their lives on the line. There were still so many things that he didn't know about her, but there was one thing that he was certain of.

The mysterious lady was on their side.

"I have had enough of this farce!" Morax declared. "If I can't take it then none of you can have it! I will destroy everything in this world! No one shall leave this place alive!"

Morax's body enlarged as he activated the power of his God Core. After staying in the Deadlands for many years, half of his injuries had recovered. Even so, it was still not enough for him to get back to his peak strength.

Even so, the Dread Lord was still a former God of Hell. He had sealed his Domain when he was driven out of Hell, so most of his forces were still intact. Now that it had come to this, he would forcefully open the door of the Deadlands to allow his minions to descend upon the world.

"I will show you the power of a God!" Morax roared.

A blazing flame engulfed his entire body, as a powerful pressure descended from the heavens. Eldon, Swiper, and their subordinates were forced to kneel on the ground because of the Divine power that was crushing their bodies like a mountain.

A few minutes later, the flame receded. A Humanoid Bull wearing red armor and wielding a Great Axe appeared in front of everyone.

It breathed fire from its nose as it locked its gaze on William, who was looking back at him with a weird expression.

"Rejoice Half-Elf! You have forced me to show you my true form!" Morax sneered. "You can die knowing that it was a God of Hell that ended your miserable life!"

Morax pointed his finger towards the eclipsed-moon that was emitting a golden halo.

Half a minute later, war cries spread across the battlefield as red portals appeared in the skies of the Deadlands.

Demonic creatures with red skin, wielding many weapons fell from these portals like rain. Morax, the Great Earl of Hell, had finally decided to go all out and take control of the Deadlands by force.

Although the mirrors had been destroyed, they would reform again after a hundred years had passed.

The Laws of the world would also return once he killed the hateful Half-Elf in front of him. If he could wait for another hundred years, his plan for vengeance was still a possibility.

—-Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

After making a quick detour, Cathy made her way towards the throne room, while dragging Avril's body that was almost like a dried husk.

"You know, Will has many shortcomings," Cathy said as she walked with steady steps. "He's far from being a perfect person. He can be very smart at times, and dumb on other ocassions. Just like everyone else, he has a reverse scale… rather, reverse scales."

The pretty lady chuckled as she continued to drag Avril by her hair. "Touch any members of his family and he will go on a killing spree. If not for Raizel's reminder, you would have been dead by now. I'm sure you're wondering why you're still alive, right? Don't worry, you don't need to know the answer."

Cathy's devilish smile made Avril's body shudder uncontrollably. Those were the eyes of a person that was about to kill someone.

"Although I wasn't the one that gave birth to Raizel, she is still William's daughter," Cathy stated. "Meaning, she is also one of my daughters. You b*tch, how dare you hurt a member of our family?"

She tried to open her lips to plead guilty, but a wave of Cathy's hand sealed it completely.

"Save your breath," Cathy said as she pointed at her smiling face. "Does this look like the face of mercy to you?"

Avril's eyes started to tear up because she knew, with absolute certainty, that the pretty lady that was smiling down on her, would not stop until her very soul ceased to exist.