Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 859 - The Strongest Adversary That He Had Faced In His Lifetime

When Cathy appeared in the throne room, Lilith, who was seated beside Raizel on the dragonbone throne, looked at her in confusion.

"Cathy? What are you doing here?" Lilith was about to ask more, but she noticed the person that the pretty lady was dragging behind her.

Although Avril was almost unrecognizable in her current form, Lilith's hatred towards the Elf had allowed her to know her identity instantly.

"Okay, calm down, Lilith," Cathy said with a smile. "I know how badly you want to kill this b*tch, but she still serves a purpose, isn't that right, Raizel?"

"Yes," Raizel nodded. The young beauty stared hard at Cathy. The diary had briefly talked about her existence, but there had been no detailed reports about the things she did in the Deadlands.

Her name would also be spoken by her Mama (Lilith) from time to time, calling her a very sly person. Since she hadn't seen Cathy at all while she had lived with her family, she thought that the pretty lady was just someone his Ma and Pa had only met in the Deadlands.

Raizel didn't expect that Cathy would appear in the throne room, dragging Avril behind her.

"I think it's about time to put this b*tch to good use," Cathy said with a smile. "Things are getting quite problematic outside, and if we don't hurry, Will is going to get his a*s handed to him."

"Were you always this crass with your words?" Lilith blinked because this was the first time she saw Cathy acting like this. Her impression of the pretty lady changed as she watched her walk towards them.

"Well, there are many things you don't know about me," Cathy replied with a smirk. "But, we don't have time to talk about that now. Raizel, do the honors."

The young beauty nodded her head. She then activated one of the abilities of the Black Tower that required a sacrifice to work.

Avril's body floated in the air until it was securely placed on a floating pedestal.

"F-Forgive… me," Avril forcefully opened her lips to beg for forgiveness. "Spare… me."

Raizel gazed at the Elf who was looking at her with pleading eyes. Truth be told, she didn't know that Avril had planned to enslave her, because the only thing that was written in the diary were the words.

"Fortunately, I had swapped bodies with Raizel on that fateful day. If not, I might have lost someone very dear to me forever."

This entry in the diary had scared her when she had read it. She didn't dare ask her parents what it meant because they would become angry at her for stealing something that she shouldn't have taken.

Because of this, she had done her best to master her soul swapping abilities, until she was able to control it fully.

"I forgive you," Raizel said, "but I will not spare your life. I'm sorry."

Gritting her teeth, she activated the power of the Black Tower.

Several beams of light pierced through Avril's body making her shriek in pain.

The young beauty averted her gaze because she didn't want to look at the horrifying scene of Avril being burned alive.

Lilith and Cathy, on the other hand, watched this with undisguised satisfaction on their faces. They watched until Avril's entire body turned into ashes, leaving only a blue orb of light behind.

Avril's soul hovered above the pedestal and glowed brightly. The entire tower trembled as several runes appeared on its exterior. The blue orb of light turned into particles of light as its Soul Power was all used up.

After powering up the Black Tower, it shot a golden beam of light towards the moon in the sky.

"Petty tricks," Morax sneered at the Black Tower. He didn't know what Lilith and Raizel did, but he had full confidence that he had the power to overcome all obstacles in his current form.

In the air and on the ground, Morax's Demonic Legion had already made William's allies lose their morale. If it was only the Undead, they could still muster some form of resistance with the Half-Elf by their side.

Now that a Demonic Army that numbered in the millions had appeared in front of them, they felt as if they no longer had a chance of winning.

"Kill everyone, but leave this Half-Elf to me!" Morax ordered. "I will personally deal with you and make you wish you were never born."

"Is that so?" William sneered as he flicked his arm to the side. "It's not only you who can call for backup. I can also play that game."

After the beam of light shot towards the sky, William's connection with his Ring of Conquest had activated. Although Morax had a million strong army at his disposal, the Half-Elf didn't give a fart.

"Come forth and show these wannabes what a real army looks like!" William ordered as several golden portals appeared around him.nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Soon, the denizens of the Thousand Beast Domain appeared in the Deadlands.

Lamassus flew in the sky, while countless Goblins, Revenant Minotaurs, Centaurs, and other Beasts poured out of the portals on the ground.

Erchitu, Psoglav, Bastian, Fenrir, Scadrez, Sharx, Xerxes, Dazz, Jareth, and all the other Commanders of William's Legion led their own forces in an organized manner. They were not new to the Arts of War, so it was an easy task for them to rally their troops in preparation for a large-scale battle.

Half a minute later, A Giant Red Lobster exited one of the portals. Sitting on top of its head was a rainbow-colored Anteater that was looking down on the Demonic Legion with an arrogant gaze.

"Come!" Kasogonaga shouted in its arrogant voice. "Let's show these small fries what we are made of!"

Over a million Class A Requiem Antz, that were at their peak, poured out of the portals behind the Anteater. Right now, all of the Antz listened to Kasogonaga's commands in fear that he would treat them as a snack if they performed badly.

These Requiem Antz, which had taken the form of crabs, octopuses, and lobsters, were only a step away from becoming Centennial Beasts. This made them a force to be reckoned with and not even William could gauge how destructive they would be once they had crossed into the Centennial Rank.

When that happened, even a kingdom would find it hard to resist an attack of such magnitude.

The boisterous Demonic Legion, which had been shouting their war cries a minute ago, all gazed in shock as an army that was on par with them made their presence known.

"You guys, take care of these small fries," William ordered his Thousand Beast Army before shifting his attention to Morax. "Out of all the forms you chose to take, it had to be a Bull. Do you know? You just shot yourself in the foot."

William didn't know if the suppression of the Shepherd Job Class affected Pseudo-Gods as well, however, since his other powers had temporarily returned to his body, he no longer felt helpless when it came to fighting against the strongest adversary that he was about to face in his lifetime.