Chapter 860 - I Want To Know How It Will All End

Inside the Shrine in Hestia Academy…

Shannon's brush danced on the canvas and images started to form on its pristine white surface. She worked tirelessly giving life to scene that was forming right before her eyes.

Her face had a flushed expression as she immersed herself in her craft, painting the scenes in her vision and creating a record for the world to see.

A Giant Humanoid Bull with red-skin and eyes that glowed golden appeared on the right side of the canvas, in front of it was a teenage boy, with his robes flapping around behind him.

Under them, a chaotic mess of Men, Beasts, Demons, and Undead, waged war against each other.

Above them, Bone Dragons, Gargoyles, Lamassus, and Birds with different colors like the rainbow, fought for supremacy.

Shannon's breathing became ragged as the first portrait was finished. The canvas floated to the side and a blank once took its place. The young lady once again rested her brush on its surface and drew the next image that she saw.

She was so occupied with her painting that she didn't notice that she was no longer alone inside her room.

A handsome man with silver hair and blue eyes, held the first painting she made and looked at it with a grim expression on his face.

He recognized the Humanoid Bull, as well as the red-headed teenager that was facing off against it. Expressions of shock, and disbelief appeared in the depths of his eyes, but he didn't doubt the image that the young lady had drawn.

For that was the power that he had bestowed upon her, as a way to compensate the lady for her inability to walk outside and discover the world with her own two eyes.

'Morax… so you are still alive,' Aamon gripped the corner of the canvass, almost snapping it into two. Fortunately, he recovered himself at the last moment and managed to save the painting that the young lady had drawn.

It was at that moment when he noticed that Shannon was looking in his direction, a confused expression on her face.

"What's wrong, Father?" Shannon inquired.

The silver-haired man shook his head. "Nothing. This drawing of yours is pretty good. Do you know where this scene is happening right now?"

Shannon shook her head. "I don't know where it is. The only thing I do know is that I think it's not in this world."

The young lady pointed at the canvas in front of her. Amidst the chaotic images of the battle that was raging on its surface, a certain Black Tower stood up in the background.

The silver-haired man's eyes shrunk after he recognized the Black Tower in the painting.

"The Deadlands… I should have known," the silver-haired man muttered. "Don't mind me. Just continue to paint. I want to know how it will all end."

Shannon nodded with a smile. It was very rare for her father to visit her, so she didn't mind painting for him.

Once again, her brush danced on the canvas as if it was a living thing, and drew the world that was on the borders of Life and Death.

—--

Psoglav and Swiper met on the chaotic battlefield and the first thought that crossed their minds was…

'This person is just like me. We hate losing and we are afraid of dying.'

The Demonic Boar eyed the Demonic Dog before giving him a brief nod. Psoglav returned his greeting as he shared his name with the creature that shared his characteristics.

"Psoglav."

"Swiper."

"You're with that brat, William?" Swiper asked.

Psoglav nodded as he slashed a Death Knight that tried to sneak attack him from behind.

"I've known him since he was a kid," Psoglav replied. "What's wrong?"

"Can he beat that guy?" Swiper glanced at the battle that was raging in the Heavens. Currently, the Half-Elf was on the defensive side and was unable to even touch the Humanoid Bull that was swinging its axe with fury.

When the Demonic Dog looked up, William's arm was cut off from his body and fell down from the sky.

The Demonic Dog casually used a Dark Whip to grab the arm and pull it in his direction.

After gaining possession of the Half-Elf's arm. He took a bite of it and immediately spat afterwards.

"Damn, wrong arm!" Psoglav complained as he threw William's arm back to its owner. "Oi! Will! Next time you get one of your arms cut off, make sure that it's not the left one!"

The Half-Elf caught the arm and reattached it to his body before giving Psoglav the middle finger.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

After doing so, the Half-Elf moved to the side, barely dodging the follow-up attack of the Great Earl from Hell.

The corner of Swiper's lips twitched after seeing this unbelievable act of "camaraderie" between the Demonic Dog and the Half-Elf. For a brief moment, he wanted to slap himself to know if he was dreaming.

"Well, see you around," Psoglav said before jumping towards a densely packed formation of low-leveled undead.

Even in war, the Demonic Dog chose to play it safe and only bullied the monsters that were weaker than it.

Swiper watched him go while clenching his fists.

"I knew I didn't choose the losing side," Swiper muttered as he rejoined his subordinates in battle. Although the Half-Elf seemed to be suffering from a one-sided beating, the Demonic Boar believed that his side wouldn't lose no matter what.

—--

'Damn, as expected this bastard is strong,' William thought as he unleashed a barrage of punches, and kicks at the Humanoid Demon that had been bullying him since the beginning of the battle.

Although his suppression worked, it merely lowered Morax's strength to that of a Demigod that was at its middle stages.

Right now, he was currently a Vampire Progenitor. The Sovereign of all Vampires, and yet, his rank was only at the peak of the Myriad Realm. Although there was only one tier between a Myriad Beast and a Demigod, the gap between the ranks was similar to Heaven and Earth.

Only William's powerful regeneration ability was helping him cope with the damage that was slowly stacking up on his body.

Morax blocked Wiliam's attacks with his weapon and prevented any blow from landing on his body.

'I need a weapon,' William thought. 'His Great Axe is a Divine weapon and although he can't unleash its power due to his current rank, it is still sharp enough to slice me in half if I'm not careful.'

The Half-Elf was unable to summon any of his weapons, so he was only using his bare hands to fight the Monster that was slowly pushing him into a corner. He knew that if this went on, Morax would definitely triumph over him, so William was busy thinking of ways to disarm him and put an end to his one-sided beating.

—--

Inside the Glory Shelter…

The small wooden mallet that William and Lilith had found in the Deadlands started to shake. Lightning snaked across its surface and a metallic hum echoed inside the room.

It was as if it was being called by someone who had fought alongside it, several thousand years ago.