Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 861 - Calling A Friend Across Time And Space

Lilith, Raizel, and Cathy were watching the battle through a projection inside the Black Tower. They saw how William was unable to get the upper hand in his clash against Morax.

The battle on the ground and air however, was the complete opposite of what was happening in the fight between the leaders of the two sides.

William's Thousand Beast Army had the upper hand because, not only did they have quantity, they had quality as well.

The Undead Army's ranks were pretty chaotic, which ranged from Class D Monsters up to Millennial Beasts (Bone Dragons).

The weakest on the Demonic Legion's side, on the other hand, were class A Monsters with several Millennial Demonic Commanders ordering them.

If these combined forces were to attack a Kingdom then the outcome would be total annihilation.

This was also why Eldon and Swiper had almost lost all hope when the Demonic Legion arrived on the battlefield to aid Morax in this battle for dominion.

Fortunately, William's own army entered the scene and came to their rescue. What really surprised them was the teamwork of the monsters in William's Army.

The Goblins dealt with the Undead Army, while the Requiem Antz, the Undead Revenants—Erchitu and Bastian—and the beasts under William's command, dealt with the Demonic Legion.

The hundreds of Lamassus in the sky had all stepped into the Centennial Rank. Although they were weaker than the Bone Dragons, their numbers made up for the gap in ranks.

The rainbow birds, being the obnoxious birds that they were, rampaged in the heavens as they shot magic bullets, acid sprays, acid bombs, and profanities at their enemies. B1 and B2, in their Phoenix form, led the assault as they zigzagged across the skies destroying everything in their path.

What truly made things hard for Morax's aerial units was that Scadrez, the Blood Eagle, was carrying Kasogonaga on its back to help deal with the Bone Dragons. These terrors of the Undead Race were no match for the rainbow-colored Anteater's rolling attack that smashed their heads to bits.

If not for Morax constantly reviving them with his powers, the skies would have already been won by William's Aerial Army.

"Give it up, you won't win!" Morax snarled as he swung his weapon at the Half-Elf who was busy reviving the Demonic Legion under the Great Earl's command, and converting them to his own fighting force.

"Don't you bad guys have other phrases you can use?" William sneered. "Those words have been said to me countless times already by scum like you. What do you think happened to them in the end?"

"Graaah!" Morax swung his axe creating hundreds of crimson blades headed in William's direction.

The Half-Elf clicked his tongue because Morax had been trying to reduce the number of his army by attacking his forces on the ground and air.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

William pressed his hands together and hundreds of Bone Shields floated in the air, blocking the blades completely.

Morax swung his weapon at full power towards Eldon's and Swiper's location, which created a gigantic Golden Wind Blade that was meant to annihilate everyone and anything in its path.

Seeing that the others were in danger, William immediately flew in their direction with the intention of blocking Morax's deadly attack.

The Humanoid Bull sneered as he flew in the direction of the Black Tower.

'This is your weakness Half-Elf,' Morax grinned. 'You have too many people to protect, which prevents you from going all out against me. If I can capture those girls in the throne room, and regain control of the Black Tower, this will still be my win.'

William roared in anger when he understood Morax's intention.

Right now, he was forced to make two choices.

The first one was to abandon Eldon and Swiper then fly after Morax and protect the Black Tower with everything he had.

Or save the Dwarf and the Demonic Boar, gambling on Raizel's and Lilith's ability to block Morax's advance using the power of the Black Tower.

"Damn you! Morax!" William hatefully smashed the upcoming Golden Energy Blade with his fist, making it explode into hundreds of pieces.

The aftermath of the collision sent William tumbling in the air for hundreds of meters, while golden fireballs descended towards the combatants on the ground. The resulting impact obliterated the Undead, and grievously injured the Demonic Legion, as well as those of William's forces who were caught up in the explosion.

The attack of a Demigod was nothing to sneeze at. William's left arm had almost been completely incinerated and his body had received serious injury as well. If he hadn't blocked Morax's attack using his full strength, Eldon, Swiper, and their subordinates would have been erased from the face of the Deadlands.

William glared hatefully at the bastard who was aiming for his family members, as he did his best to hasten the regeneration of his body. Unfortunately, his recovery was happening at a very slow rate because of the Divinity that was infused in the Demonic Earl's full-powered strike.

Although Morax's rank had been suppressed to the middle stages of the Demigod Rank, his attacks still contained the Divinity of a God.

If not for the fact that the Laws of the Deadlands were protecting William's body from total annihilation, he would have been turned into charred coal by now.

As the ladies inside the Black Tower saw this outcome, they stared daggers at the petty Humanoid Bull, who resorted to dirty tactics in order to harm their loved one.

"Strengthen the barrier now!" Lilith ordered. "We need to buy time until Will comes to save us!"

Lilith understood Morax's intention. The Demonic Earl had decided to use them as hostages in order to coerce William to surrender. This was something that she didn't approve of. Lilith knew that they had to resist no matter what.

Raizel also knew the gravity of the situation and activated the barrier of the Black Tower to its limits.

Cathy simply stood beside the throne with both arms crossed over her chest. She had a calm expression on her face because she knew that Wiliam would stop at nothing in order to save his family.

—--

William gritted his teeth as he forced his regeneration abilities to speed up its process. Undead Gargoyles descended from the sky in order to attack him, but the Angry Birds and Lamassus made sure that they didn't come close to their Master.

"I need something to be able to fight him head on," William muttered. "I need the power to contend against a God."

Morax had arrived at the Black Tower and was attacking the barrier like a berserked bull.

Although the Barrier was holding up for now, several small cracks were starting to appear on its surface. Clearly, it was only a matter of time before the barrier broke, and when that happened, Morax would be able to capture his family members.

The Half-Elf closed his eyes in order to calm himself down.

More than anything else, he knew that he needed to think clearly because this was a crucial moment.

'What should I do?' William asked his heart. 'What can I do?'

It was at that moment when the strand of darkness that had infiltrated his body long ago started to stir. It had remained dormant for years, waiting for an opportunity to strike.

However, before it could make its presence known, dark clouds covered the sky in William's Sea of Consciousness.

Thunder roared in the heavens, and lightning bolts struck the sea repeatedly in defiance. The entirety of William's being was in uproar as if trying to call something from beyond its borders.

Suddenly, the memory of the last battle in Asgard appeared in William's memories.

Odin, Thor, Loki, and Heimdall had already fallen in battle, along with his beloved wives whose lives had burned up like fireworks in the sky.

It was at that moment when he found himself standing on the battlefield surrounded by countless foes.

And the raging flames of destruction had started to creep upon Ygdrassil's body, and he could hear its woes.

In that dark moment, when no hope was no longer in sight. A hymn of time long forgotten, broke through the sanctity of the night.

William's tears streamed down his face, as he raised his hand to call a friend across time and space.

"Bring in the hammer to sanctify the bride,

On the maiden's knees let Mjollnir lie.

From the Heavens I can hear Mjolnir's Roar

And in the thunder I can feel the heart of Thor."

From somewhere far away, a metallic hum answered his call.

A distant friend had come… to smite them all.