Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 862 - Do You Know The First Law Of The Universe?

Thunder rumbled across the skies of the Deadlands and lightning descended like rain.

The small wooden mallet in Raizel's room broke through the windows, and flew in the direction of the person that had shared the last moments of Asgard with it.

In the span of a few heartbeats, the small wooden mallet landed in William's grasp, and with it, a powerful shockwave blew away all the foes that surrounded him.

"Fight for me, one more time, Dear Friend," William said softly as he gripped the wooden mallet firmly in his hand. "This time, we're not fighting for Asgard, but for the future."

The wooden mallet hummed as if to reply to the Half-Elf's words. A second later, its body transformed into the Divine Artifact that only those it had chosen could wield.

William raised Mjolnir towards the sky, and all the lightning bolts in the world descended upon him as if to pay tribute to their Master's call for conquest.

William's charred arm immediately recovered as did the rest of the injuries his body had received. Golden lightning snaked around his body and a metallic suit of armor, that once belonged to the God of Thunder, covered him completely.

"Let's go, Old Friend," William muttered. "It's time to smash the face of a God once again."

Mjolnir hummed in agreement as William transformed into a golden lightning bolt that streaked towards the Demonic Earl who was trying to harm the people who were important to him.

Morax, who had witnessed the whole thing, roared as he swung his Divine Axe towards the golden lightning that was about to strike him down.

A sound that resembled a clap of thunder reverberated across the battlefield as a powerful shockwave blew Morax and William away from each other.

"This strength…," Morax muttered as he eyed the small hammer in William's hand. 'A Divine Weapon? Here in this god-forsaken-place? Impossible!'

William, who was not aware of the confusion that was plaguing Morax's mind, once again transformed into a lightning bolt and reappeared in front of the Giant Bull's face.

Without any warning, the Half-Elf smashed his hammer on Morax's face, but the Demonic Earl was someone that was well versed in the art of war. Although he was surprised by William's new found power, he was a God and had fought against other Gods in Hell.

Morax shrunk his body until it was only two-meters tall in order to avoid William's frontal attack at the last second.

However, before the Demonic Earl could celebrate his genius move, a hammer struck the top of his head, which sent him crashing towards the ground, screaming in pain.

After hitting its target, the hammer flew back to William's hand, and the Half-Elf once again transformed into a lightning bolt to deliver another strike at the bastard who dared to harm his family.

He didn't intend to show Morax any mercy.

There was only one thing in William's mind and that was to pound the Demonic Earl's face to oblivion.

Morax forcefully controlled his body as he landed on his feet, just in time to block William's attack that shattered the ground under the Demonic Earl's feet.

"You're still not in the ranks of the Demigods and yet you are able to fight on par with me? How can this be?!" Morax shouted. "Answer me!"

"On par with you? You must be joking," William sneered as lightning snaked around Mjolnir's body. "I fought against a God in the past using a mortal's body. Right now, you're not a God but a Demigod, and you still have the guts to say that I'm on par with you? Did that strike to your head earlier rattle your brain?"

Morax roared as he tried to push William away. However, what confused him was that, instead of getting the upper hand, he was the one being pushed down by the red-headed teenager whose strength was rising at an alarming rate.

Then a realization hit the former God which made his blood run cold.

'D-Don't tell me that he has successfully merged with the Laws of the Deadlands?!' Morax's face became grim as he thought of the possibility.

This was the only explanation that he could think of.

Even if William acquired a Divine Weapon, the Demonic Earl was also wielding a Divine Weapon. Also, his rank was above the Half-Elf by more than a full tier.

One was at the peak of the Myriad Realm, while the other was at the middle stages of a Demigod. Even with a Divine Weapon in William's hand, the gap shouldn't be that great.

This forced Morax to think of another possibility and that was that the Laws of the Deadlands had finally been absorbed by William's body, making him the "God" of this world who hovered between Life and Death.

As if proving his greatest fear, the air around the two combatants trembled as space started to contort.

"Do you know the first Law of the Universe?" William inquired as a devilish smile appeared on his face. "The first law states that the normal laws of Physics do not apply when I hold this hammer."

"What nonsense are you talking about?" Morax gritted his teeth as he tried to use his strength to overpower the Half-Elf but it was of no use.

"You still don't understand? Then let me show you." William sneered as he flew upwards to distance himself from Morax.

He then raised his hammer as the entire world heeded his command.

Soon, the Undead on the ground as well as the Demonic Legion under Morax's control all floated in the air as if gravity stopped existing.

"The power I wield will obliterate one and all," William declared in a domineering voice. "Pierce through the Darkness and hear my call!"

"Thunder God's Wrath!"

The world was enveloped in a bright light that drove the darkness away like a tide.

William's Army, Eldon, Swiper, and the other people in the Deadlands shielded their eyes from the blinding light. It was also at that moment that they lost their ability to hear.

However, they were considered the lucky ones, because William had only shielded his allies from an ear-shattering pain that followed after the world was engulfed in light.

Morax, who was the only one capable of piercing through the veil, saw everything in real time.

He had once witnessed the end of a world, and the scene in front of him made him remember that awe inspiring sight.

Cries of pain and suffering reverberated across the land, as Morax's prided Demonic Legion that served him for thousands of years… bathed in a sea of lightning bolts.Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎