Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 863 - Let's Rumble [Part 1]

Lightning snaked in the depths of William's eyes as he swung his hammer downwards.

The world obeyed his command and countless lightning bolts fell enmasse, covering the Deadlands in a blinding white light.

Morax raised his Axe and blocked the lightning bolts that were headed his way, stopping them completely in their tracks.

Unfortunately, his Undead and Demonic Legion couldn't do the same. The low-tier monsters instantly turned to charcoal the moment the lightning bolts hit them.

As for the stronger monsters, they suffered a world of pain as their bodies received heavy injuries from the hellish scene that the Half-Elf had painted around them.

When the light receded, the smell of charred corpses reached everyone's nose.

The bodies of the surviving Undead and Demons fell to the ground. Those who didn't die from the crash, were killed by William's Army as they laid in wait. It was a one-sided massacre and Morax's eyes turned bloodshot when he saw what had happened to the armies that had served him for years.

"You're just a mortal!" Morax roared in anger. "How dare–"

"I dare," William interjected before the Demonic Earl could even finish his words. "Weren't you looking down on everyone earlier because of how strong you are?"

The Half-Elf floated down from the sky as lightning bolts coiled around his body.

"It must be nice to look down on Mortals…," William said. "Knowing that you can end their lives with just a wave of your hand, but I think you are forgetting something very important…"

A merciless glint passed through the Half-Elfs eyes as he looked down on the Demonic Earl who had lorded over the Deadlands as if it was his own backyard.

"Without mortals, you wouldn't exist in the first place." William sneered.

"You're just an insect!" Morax shouted. "You know nothing! You don't know anything about the world!"

William didn't agree or deny Morax's words because frankly, he really didn't care what the Demonic Earl thought of him.

"You can shut your trap," William replied as he pointed Mjolnir on Morax's face. "The only thing I know is that I won't stop until I smash your face."

William and Morax clashed against each other in the heavens, while pandemonium ensued on the ground.

Wade found himself being besieged from all sides, as he kept on using his allies as meat shields to prevent himself from getting seriously injured. The only reason he was still standing, was because he had activated an artifact to deflect William's lightning bolts and keep them from hitting his body.

This was also why he had been able to avoid suffering any injuries during that nightmarish event that had wiped out nearly half of his subordinates.

As he was about to make his escape, a dark whip coiled around his foot, stopping him from running away.

"Is this him?" Psoglav asked

"Yes." Swiper nodded. "Now hold him in place. I'm gonna murder this bastard."

Wade's face became grim when he saw Swiper charging at him with the intention to kill. He had always looked down on the Demonic Boar in the past because, for him, Swiper was just a clown that was only there to amuse him.

The Leader of the Human Shelter gritted his teeth and prepared to defend himself from the charging boar who wanted him dead.

However, before the two of them could even clash, a rainbow-colored wrecking ball fell from the sky and hit Wade's back taking his breath away.

His defense instantly crumbled, and a panicked expression appeared on his face. The scene of Swiper's blade slashing across his neck was the last thing he saw before his world descended into complete darkness.

—-

Morax was trying to break through William's dogged assault to help his army stage a comeback. Unfortunately, the Half-Elf was like a rabid dog that didn't allow him to help anyone.

Time and time again, they clashed.Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Every blow they exchanged was strong enough to instantly kill a Millennial Beast.

A trail of golden light and streaks of lightning zig-zagged across the heavens without stopping. In the end, Morax realized that he wouldn't be able to break the stalemate unless he made some sacrifices.

Morax roared and a red aura covered his body. William felt that something was wrong, so he immediately ceased his attack and observed his enemy from a safe distance.

"It's time for you to understand why you should never anger Gods." Morax growled. "I will teach you a lesson that you will never forget in your lifetime."

William looked at the arrogant Demigod in front of him with a calm expression.

In the past, he only wished for happiness, but that wish wasn't granted.

He died in Midgard before he could even keep his promise to Ashe.

He died in Asgard while fighting alongside his wives.

All of them were just living their lives in peace, but the Gods didn't allow them that small happiness. So, why should he back down against the anger of a God? Especially a God who wished to hurt the people that were important to him.

When Surtr and his minions descended upon the Nine Realms, the only thing they cared about was destruction.

Whether someone offended them or not, they didn't care. All that was left in their wake were regret and ashes of the dead that were scattered across time and space.

Mjolnir hummed in William's hands because it understood what the Half-Elf was thinking. It had been there when its wielder died, and watched as the world was engulfed in raging flames.

When there were beings that wished for destruction, peace was a reality that only the strong could enjoy.

To those that didn't have any strength, peace was just a fantasy. A dream that they could enjoy in their sleep.

"Come! You insect!" Morax roared as he pointed his Axe at Wiliam. "I will make sure that you witness how I deal with your women after I'm done with you!"

Morax activated the power of his God Core to forcefully break through William's suppression. From the middle-stages of the Demigod, his rank climbed up to its peak, and once again stopped at the Pseudo-God Rank.

The Giant Humanoid Bull's body turned golden as the power of Divinity covered it completely. Morax couldn't stay in this form for long because he still hadn't recovered from the injuries he received in the past.

He was currently using the souls of his subordinates that had died in battle to temporarily raise his power to the Pseudo-God Rank in order to deal with William.

"Die!" Morax vanished from where he stood. A second later he appeared behind William as he swung his Axe sideways.

Just like always, Morax chose to attack on a side that was disadvantageous to William. If the Half-Elf dodged his attack, the ones that would be annihilated were the Half-Elf's allies.

"What a petty God." William said as he did a backhand blow to block the Axe that was meant to kill those who were fighting on the ground.

Hammer and Axe collided, creating a shockwave that blew both fighters away.

The Half-Elf knew what Morax intended, so he immediately decided to withdraw his army in order to prevent them from dying under the enraged Demonic Earl's hand.

"All of you, return!" William ordered.

William's army all turned into beams of light that shot towards his body. He wouldn't allow any of them to die because of Morax's dirty tactics that forced him to meet his blows head-on.

Seeing that his hostages were decreasing at a rapid rate. Morax teleported to the ground, right in front of Eldon, who was ordering his subordinates to retreat.

"I liked you, but you chose not to submit. Now perish!" Morax shouted as he swung his Axe downwards.

"You think too highly of yourself!" Eldon roared. "Don't look down on Dwarves!"

The sledgehammer in Eldon's hand shone brightly as it met the Demonic Earl's attack fearlessly.

Morax sneered at Eldon's futile attempt to resist the inevitable, but the sneer on his face froze when the impact sent him smashing towards the buildings right behind him.

Even William, who was about to help the Dwarf, paused in mid-flight after seeing the unbelievable scene in front of him.

"So what if you're taller than me?" Eldon spat on the ground. "That doesn't mean that you are stronger than me."

The weapon that Eldon was wielding was a memento their family handed down from generation to generation that was personally forged by the Dwarf God.

The Sledgehammer had a special ability inscribed on its core which allowed it to become stronger the more powerful its opponent was.

The name of Eldon's weapon was "God Breaker". It was one of the few weapons in the entire multiverse that had the power to fight against Gods.

Seeing that his attack had completely baffled Morax and William, Eldon felt smug about himself. He then pointed his finger at William and made a gesture.

"Oi, you, boy come here," Eldon said with a smile.

William pointed at himself because he was unsure if Eldon was referring to him or not.

"Aye, it's you I'm calling, boy." Eldon nodded. "Come here. There's something I need to tell you."

William landed beside the Dwarf Leader who was appraising him from head to foot.

"Although we have met a couple of times, I didn't really look at you properly," Eldon said as he nodded his head in appreciation. "So, you're the one who's going to be my future great granddaughter's husband eh? Not too shabby."

"Um? Future great granddaughter's husband?"

"Ah. you don't have to worry about this. Although we Dwarves prioritize picking our race when we are going to marry, that doesn't mean that we can't make a family with other races."

William had a weird look on his face as he shifted his attention to Morax, who had already recovered from the unexpected counter-attack that he had received from Eldon.

"Well, what I'm trying to tell you is that in the future, when the two of us meet, you better not make my great granddaughter cry," Eldon then arrogantly pointed his chin at the Demonic Earl who was looking at him with disbelief. "Or else, God or no God, your fate will be the same as that bastard."

William didn't have to be a genius in order to connect the dots together. Among his wives, only Chiffon matched Eldon's claim.

"Um, when you say great granddaughter, are you referring to my wife Chif–"

"Lad, don't say anything. Just know that if Fate wills it, we will meet in the future. Let's just deal with this bastard who looks down on mortals first. We can talk after this mess is over."

The Half-Elf nodded his head because he knew that Eldon was right.

"For now, take your men inside my Domain," William proposed. "I will deal with him myself."

"Sounds like a plan." Eldon agreed. "Although I regret not being able to whack him a few more times, we're just pulling your leg down if we remain."

William nodded and waved his hand. Using the power of the world, he forcefully sent Eldon, Swiper, and the rest of his allies inside his Thousand Beast Domain.

After making sure that no one was left behind, the Half-Elf faced Morax with a devilish smile on his handsome face.

"Now, it's just you and me," William said. "Let's rumble."