Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 866 - I Will Not Let Anyone Take Anything From Me. Not Even Death!

"Raizel!" William reached out to grab his daughter's body which had been cut in half.

The young beauty eyes were open as she stared lifelessly in front of her. Those beautiful amber eyes that had looked at him mischievously in the past, had lost all of their luster.

"No! Why?!" William glared at the cloaked figure in front of him. "We didn't do anything wrong! Why are you doing this to us?! Why?!"

"I never said you did anything wrong," the cloaked figure replied. "There's no right or wrong in Death. I don't care if you are a good or bad person, nor do I care if you are poor or rich. Everyone is equal in the face of Death.

"If that girl didn't die right now, she would have died still once I was done with you. The order of people dying in the Deadlands doesn matter. As long as they die then my work is done."

"I'll kill you!"

"Hah? You? Kill me? I'd like to see you try, Boy."

Lilith who saw everything from inside the throneroom screamed in anger and pain. If not for Cathy holding her down, the Amazon would have definitely exited the Black Tower and fought the cloaked figure to the death.

Using her authority as the one that hijacked the Black Tower, Raizel had instantly teleported herself in front of William to push him away.

The Amazon Princess wasn't able to do that, so all she could do was watch as her precious daughter died in front of her eyes.

"Let me go!" Lilith cried out. "I'll kill him! I'll kill him!"

"No!" Cathy shouted. "If you go out right now, Raizel's sacrifice would have been in vain!"

"I said let me go!"

"I won't!"

The two ladies wrestled inside the throne room.

Lilith was desperately trying to break free from Cathy's hold to have her revenge. Cathy, on the other hand, was doing her best to stop her from throwing her life away.

While this was happening, William's rage soared to its limit as he smashed Mjolnir into the cloaked figure's face.

The cloaked figure was about to block William's attack with a finger, but then hastily backed away to avoid it completely.

'This is…,' the cloaked figure was the God of Death, which allowed him to see the souls of every creature in existence. No one could hide in the face of Death so he was able to see the Divinities that were inside William's soul.

Frankly, the God of Death didn't care for the life of the candidates chosen by the Gods. However, there was something within William's soul that made him change his mind.

"Okay, I won't kill you," the cloaked figure said. "But, I will still kill those two ladies hiding inside the Black Tower. You can't stop me."

As soon as the cloaked figure said those words, something snapped inside William's head. The entire Deadlands trembled as if a powerful earthquake was shaking Heaven and Earth.

The strand of darkness in William's Sea of Consciousness pulsed like a beating heart as the Half-Elf's eyes turned pitched black.

"I will not let anyone take anything from me," William said in a voice that made the sky of the Deadlands crack in two. "Not even Death!"

Just as the Half-Elf was about to lunge at the cloaked figure in front of him. A delicate hand covered his eyes from behind, stopping him in his tracks.

"I don't like cheating," a sweet and silky voice stated. "I had a deal with someone, and I don't want her nagging at me and telling me that I cheated. While it is regretful, I can't turn a blind eye to this and see what is about to happen under my watch."

A second later, William fell on the ground unconscious.

The cloaked figure stared at the otherworldly beauty in front of him for a brief moment before bowing his head in respect.

"Mother, I had no intention of getting in your way," the cloaked figure said. "I already said that I wouldn't kill him, but he still attacked me."

The otherworldly beauty sighed as she caressed the face that was hiding underneath the cloak.

"I know," the Primordial Goddess replied. "But, like I said earlier, I made a deal with someone. So, give me that young lady's soul. It's not her time to enter the Cycle of Reincarnation yet."

"But, the rules…"

"Are you going to defy me?"

"N-No! Of course not, Mother," the cloaked figure hurriedly replied as he raised his hand.

Soon a dazzling red orb of light appeared on the palm of the cloaked figure's hand.

"Thank you," the Primordial Goddess said sweetly. "You are indeed my beloved son."

The otherworldly beauty held Raizel's soul in her right hand and waved her left hand to make the young beauty's body that had been split apart merge together.

"You are lucky," the Primordial Goddess said as she returned Raizel's soul to her body. "Although I don't know what the future holds, the fact that you are his future daughter allowed you to cheat death once, but this will be the first and last time it will be happening. Treasure your life, for no one knows when it is going to end."

A few seconds later, a gasp escaped Raizel's lips as she once again took a breath of air. She was still unconscious and didn't know that she had been given a second chance of life from an unexpected source.

After making sure that there was no lasting damage to her body, the Primordial Goddess placed the young beauty right beside the unconscious William, who had tears streaming down his face.

Clearly, Raizel dying in front of him triggered the darkness that had accompanied him since he had chosen to become a Dark Mage.

The Primordial Goddess sighed as he patted the cloaked figure's shoulder. "The Black Tower will no longer be safe here in the Deadlands. Morax had already memorized this Domain's coordinates and could visit anytime he wanted. It will be best if you take it back with you and create a new Domain that will serve as the new Deadlands."Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

The cloaked figure nodded. He then raised his hand and ejected the two ladies who had fallen unconscious inside it.

The Primordial Goddess had put the two of them asleep before she made a move to keep William from attacking her son.

"Hah, I'm a bit envious," the Primordial Goddess smiled as she dumped Lilith's and Cathy's body on top of William. 'Let's go. This place no longer serves any purpose. Ah, but before that, won't you be a dear and open the stairway for the mortals to leave this place? Since I came all this way to interfere, I should do it until the end."

"Of course, Mother," the cloaked figure said as he pointed at the moon that was shining brightly in the sky of the Deadlands.

The moon then transformed into a giant golden portal that connected to the entirety of the multiverse. Anyone who stepped on it would be teleported back to their homeworlds.

After the portal appeared, several stairs made of light extended from the portal towards the ground.

"Very good." The Primordial Goddess nodded her head in satisfaction. "Let's go. Our duty here is done."

The otherworldly beauty turned into particles of black light and flew towards the heavens.

The cloaked figure gave William a side-long glance before he, too, turned into particles of black light.

He didn't know what his Mother meant when she said that she had a deal with someone. But one thing was for sure.

The Half-Elf who currently had a face scrunched in discomfort, after having two ladies dumped on his chest, was someone that his Mother thought of highly.

Since that was the case, he was willing to bend the rules once for her sake. But, he would only do it once. The next time that he crossed paths with the red-headed teenager, he would do his duty without fail.

During that time, even if his Mother stood in front of him, he would no longer budge in his decision. After all, he was the one who lorded over Death.

Not even his Mother would be able to save the Half-Elf from his grasp when the time for him to return to the embrace of the Cycle of Reincarnation finally came.