Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 868 - The Answer Is Yesn't

"So you're here," Cathy said as she made a gesture for William to come closer to her bed. "Come. Our battle will be Legendary!"

The corner of William's lips twitched as he looked at the carefree woman who was looking back at him with a confident smile on her face.

Girl, what kind of battle are you talking about?

Even so, he still went to her because his bloodthirst was truly getting out of hand. William believed that in his current depraved state, only Cathy would be able to quench the thirst that had taken hold of his senses.

A sigh escaped Cathy's lips as she patted William's head. The Half-Elf was doing his best to not greedily drink her blood in one go because he was afraid that he would sink his fangs too deep and cause irreparable damage to her body.

William sparingly drank the pretty lady's blood in a controlled manner, which made Cathy sigh in pleasure.

"You're treating me like those boxed fruit juices with a straw," Cathy complained. "Well, I don't really mind but I'm afraid that you will suffer a bit in the future. After we leave this place, you won't be able to drink my blood for a long time, so make sure to enjoy it to its fullest."

William had already thought of a possibility that Cathy was on a different timeline from their own. For a brief moment, he felt a little sad because he would no longer be able to drink the most delicious blood that he had tasted since a part of him had become a vampire.

As if reading his thoughts, the pretty lady giggled and continued patting his head.

"Timelines are a very funny thing," Cathy said. "In this place, you were able to meet people from the past, present, and future. Some of them came from different worlds, while others came from the same world as you."

William momentarily pulled back as he looked at the pretty lady who was looking at him with a smile.

"Are you also from Hestia?" William asked.

"We can talk later," Cathy replied. "You still have many things to take care of after you drink my blood."

"Things like what?"

"Well, for starters, you still haven't released the people that you sent inside your Thousand Beast Domain. I'm sure that Eldon and Swiper might be getting worried."

William's eyes widened because he had indeed completely forgotten about the people in the Deadlands that he had tossed inside his Thousand Beast Domain, so that Morax wouldn't be able to use them as hostages against him.

"Don't think about them for now," Cathy stated as he pulled William's lips closer to her neck. "Just finish the business you have with me first. You still haven't drunk your fill, right?"

William silently agreed to Cathy's words as he once again returned to drinking her blood. This lasted for a full five minutes before the Half-Elf pulled back after healing the wound on Cathy's neck.

"Cathy, be honest," William said as he stared at the pretty lady with a serious expression on his face. "Are you from Hestia as well? Have we already met? Are you from the future, just like Raizel?"

"What is this? An interrogation?" Cathy pouted. "After you had your fill, you toss me aside like those canned drinks that you drink at night?"

"Sorry. I didn't mean it to sound like I am interrogating you."

"But, you are interrogating me."

"... Well, you're not wrong," William admitted.

Cathy snorted as she laid down on the bed with her back facing William.

An awkward silence fell in the room and it made William feel that he had done something wrong. Just as he was about to apologize to Cathy, the pretty lady sighed and cut him off.

"You asked me if I'm from Hestia, the answer is Yesn't," Cathy replied. "You asked me if we have already met, the answer to that is Yesn't as well. You also asked me if I'm from the future, the answer is also Yesn't."

After hearing the pretty lady's reply to his questions, the Half-Elf had a strong urge to pinch her waist. However, due to the fact that he had just drank her blood, he just massaged his temple as he tried to pry answers from her.

"You said that you are my future wife," William said. "Is this true?"

This time, Cathy turned around to look at him. She was still lying on the bed, but her eyes were fixed on William's who was looking back at her with a complicated expression on his face.

"Yesn't," Cathy answered with a snort.

William wasn't able to stop himself from pinching the pretty lady's cheeks because all of his questions were answered with a "Yesn't".

The pretty lady counterattacked and also pulled on WIlliam's ears. For five-whole-minutes, the two idiots fought each other over the bed, leaving them panting for breath.

"What's wrong with you?" Cathy asked as she sat on William's abs. "You asked and I answered. Now you pinch me all of a sudden because you thought I was just teasing you, right? Well sorry, the answer to all your questions is really Yesn't!"

"I don't understand," William replied as he looked up at the pretty lady who was looking down at him with contempt. "Are you telling me that we did meet and didn't meet at the same time?"

Cathy shook her head. "What I'm telling you is that we've met, but you didn't know that it was me that you've met."

William frowned as he searched for Cathy's face in his memories. He had a very strong ability to recall things. Even without the System, he could dig out things from his past by simply thinking about them.L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

After two minutes of trying to recall whether he had already seen Cathy in the past, William finally came to a conclusion.

"Wait… are you telling me that you're Ariadne?" William looked at Cathy in disbelief. "Among the people that William had met, it was only Ariadne whom he couldn't remember the face no matter how hard he tried.

(A/N: Just in case you guys forgot, Ariadne is the oracle of the Minotaurs, who is also Eve's current teacher).

Cathy didn't answer. She looked at William with a calm expression on her face, which neither confirmed nor denied his guess.

"You're Ariadne, right?" William asked. Although he wasn't a hundred percent sure, he had a feeling that his guess was right on the mark.

Suddenly, William remembered the first time that he had drank the blood of a living being. The first one that offered him blood was none other than Ariadne. The memory of that time when had first sunk his fangs on her tender neck resurfaced.

The Half-Elf was then filled with a realization that the taste of Cathy's blood was similar to Ariadne's. That same delicious blood that had spread warmth in his body and gave it strength, during the war in the Southern Continent.

"You're Ariadne," William said with more conviction. "Fess up and tell me the truth."

It was at that moment when a teasing smile spread across Cathy's face as she lowered her head until her head was only mere inches away from William's.

"The answer is Yesn't," Cathy replied. "Don't worry. I will appear before you when the time is right. You don't have to look for me. I will come to you on my own accord. After all, you will have to take responsibility for taking my first."

William was about to ask what "First" she was talking about when the pretty lady stood up from the bed, and left the room.

The Half-Elf tried to run after her, but when he arrived at the hallway, not even the shadow of the mysterious lady could be found.