Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 870 - The Time Of Farewell

"I guess this is farewell," Eldon said as he shook William's hand. "Visit me in the future, okay? I want to see my great granddaughter."

"I will," William replied. "I promise."

The Dwarf nodded his head as he shook Raizel's hand.

"You know, I've always admired how you were able to keep the Glory Shelter the way you did after Xenovia died," Eldon stated. "You did well, lass."

"Thank you, Eldon," Raizel replied. "I know that you have been secretly helping me from the shadows. I pray that you will be happily reunited with your family."

Eldon grinned. "Aye, I wish for that as well. I'm not really good with goodbyes, so I will be taking my leave."

The Dwarf glanced at his subordinates one last time as he pressed his closed fist over his chest.

"It has been an honor leading all of you," Eldon said with his head raised high. "The time to part has come, and I pray that all of you will be able to return to your own worlds safely. I'll be taking my leave first. Let's all see each other again if Fate permits it."

After imparting his speech, Eldon started to climb the stairs that led towards the Golden Portal in the sky.

The other dwarves followed behind him, for they too would embark on their homeward journey as well.

"Not many words were shared between us, but if there is an opportunity to meet again in the future, I, Lindir, will welcome you with open arms," Lindir declared as he patted William's shoulder. "Goodbye, Half-Elf. I will remember you for the rest of my life."

"May you have a safe trip." William patted Lindir's shoulder with a smile. "Till our paths cross again."

Lindir grinned as he nodded his head. He then walked up the stairs that would lead him back to his homeworld. Just like Eldon, he still had people waiting for his return.

All the Lizardfolk gave William a bow of respect before following their Leader.

A few minutes later, Swiper and his group also climbed the stairs. He didn't bid William words of goodbye, or even talked to any of the other survivors of the Glory Shelter. The only people that he said his farewalls to were Eldon and Lindir, who had treated him as their equal.

Halfway up the stairways that led to the Golden Portal, Swiper turned around to look at William.

"There is one thing I hate the most aside from losing and that is to be treated as cannon fodder," Swiper shouted. "Rejoice because I had chosen to side with you during the darkest moments of your life. If not for me, we wouldn't have won, so make sure to remember that I had stood on the frontlines of war and fought for what I believed in."

The corner of William's lips twitched as he looked at the Demonic Boar who was spouting a load of hogwash.

"You don't need to thank me," Swiper snorted. "I did it because I am that awesome. Hahahaha!"

The Demons who were behind Swiper had the strong urge to cover their faces out of embarrassment. If possible, they wanted to pretend that they didn't know the guy, but no one in the Deadlands would believe them.

"Swiper!" William shouted at the Demonic Boar who was tooting his own horn. "I just want you to remember one thing."

"And that is?"

"No Swiping!"

"Hah?" The Demonic Boar looked at William with a dumbfounded expression on his face. "What in tarnation are you talking about?"

William didn't answer and simply crossed his arms over his chest. He didn't like Swiper that much was true, bue since the Demonic Boar had fought on their side during the war against Morax, the Half-Elf had renewed his impression of him.

Although he didn't know if he would meet Swiper again in the future, he hoped that in their next meeting, they wouldn't be fighting on different sides. Because, if that were to happen, he would definitely show no mercy.

After seeing that the Half-Elf had no intention of saying anything, Swiper snorted and continued his climb towards the golden portal. This time, he didn't look back and passed through it without another word.nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

After the other shelters had gone up the portal, the survivors of the Glory Shelter all thanked Raizel and Xenovia for keeping them safe during their stay in the Deadlands. Tears and hugs were shared among the group before they all went away.

In the end, only William, Lilith, Raizel, Cathy and Xenovia remained in the Deadlands.

"Are you sure you don't want me to purify your soul so you can enter the Cycle of Reincarnation?" William inquired of the Death Lord who was looking at the Golden Staircase with a sad expression on her face.

"No," Xenovia replied. "Nothing is waiting for me back home. Also, I still haven't lived long enough. Although I am now an Undead, I still want to see many different sceneries and experience new things. Since that is the case, I decided to become one of your subordinates. You don't mind, right?"

William smiled and nodded his head. "Of course I don't. However, my life is like a roller coaster ride. It has its ups and downs, are you sure you want to experience something like that?"

"Well, it's still better than becoming a crying, and pooping baby for several years." Xenovia laughed. "Also, I'm sure that you will meet Morax again. I still have a bone to pick with that guy. I won't be able to rest unless I give him a good smack on the face."

The Half-Elf sighed because he knew that Xenovia was right. There would come a time when he would cross paths with Morax, and Surtr, and when that time came, the battle that had happened in the Deadlands would pale in comparison.

"Welcome aboard," William said as he extended his hand for a handshake.

"Thanks for having me." Xenovia gripped William's hand and shook it. "Ah. Before I forget, I'll just remind you that I'm not a big fan of Necrophilia. If you are interested in me, you better get me a new living body, okay?"

William could only give the Death Lord a bitter smile as he felt Lilith's arm wrap around his waist.

He definitely didn't have that kind of fetish because he was more than happy to spend time with his lovers. The portal would still remain open for quite some time, and he had decided to properly learn the laws of the Deadlands before they left.

Also, he was very curious to know what would happen if he transferred the Deadlands to his Thousand Beast Domain.

Perhaps, after using the God Shop, he would be able to repair the entire city, and enjoy the luxuries of the modern world that couldn't be seen anywhere in the world of Hestia.