Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 871 - Holding The Future In His Embrace

William held Lilith's body as he lightly patted her back.

The Amazon Princess had fallen asleep with her arms wrapped around William's head, and her body resting on his lean and toned body.

Just like always, their love making session was intense. It even surpassed the ones the Half-Elf had with his succubus wife, Princess Sidonie.

William could feel Lilith's anxiousness, and perhaps even desperation, as the promised date of their departure drew nearer.

He knew why his lover was feeling this way, and hoped that she would get what she wished for, as he accompanied her every night.

During the day, Lilith would spend her time with Raizel. The two were nearly inseparable as they toured the Deadlands with just the two of them. They would sometimes visit the Mimameidr Shelter, which had been a theme park before it was used as a shelter by the Elves.

After learning five out of the eight laws of the Deadlands, William gained the ability to power up the theme park, and allowed the ladies to enjoy the rides like the Roller Coaster, and Ferris Wheel.

At times, William would accompany them at Raizel's request. He could tell that the young beauty was also doing her best to spend as much time with them as possible.

It was as if Raizel was embedding these memories inside her very soul as she spent each and every day in their company.

One day, William asked Raizel to have a private talk with him. He asked her what the future was like, but the young beauty's lips were sealed.

No matter what he did, Raizel didn't budge, so in the end, he let her be.

Even so, he clearly felt that there was a hint of sadness when she hugged him that day. Time and time again, he felt that Raizel was about to tell him something, but she would always hold herself back at the last moment.

In the end, William only did what he could do at that moment, and that was to hold her tight and pat her head.

He held her trembling body, and wiped the tears in her eyes.

As the day where they would part neared, Raizel spent most of the time in their company.

Lilith was more than happy to spend time with her, while Cathy made herself scarce. The pretty lady would only reappear in the Glory Shelter whenever William's bloodthirst was at its peak.

After giving him her blood, she would once again disappear as if she was a ghost that only made its presence known when it was needed.

Right now, William firmly believed that Ariadne and Cathy were the same person. Of all the people that he had contact with, it was only Ariadne's face that he couldn't' remember. He made a mental note to look for the Oracle of the Minotaurs when he returned to the Southern Continent.

Perhaps by then, he would be able to uncover the secrets of the mysterious lady who seemed to know everything about him.

Only a week remained before the Golden Portal closed, and William had already learned seven out of the eight laws of the Deadlands.

The last law, the Law of Rebirth was the most powerful of all laws. It was also the hardest to learn, and William wondered if he had enough time to learn it.

Just as he was thinking these thoughts, the door of his room opened and the pretty lady whom he hadn't seen for several days appeared in front of him once again.

"Sir, your food delivery has arrived," Cathy said in a teasing tone. "According to our company, you have ordered several vials of blood without even paying a cent. What do you have to say for yourself, Mister?"

William raised both of his hands as he looked at the girl who had both of her hands on her waist.

"Guilty as charged," William replied. "How much do I owe your company? I will definitely pay in full."

Cathay smirked as she walked towards William.

"Since Mister is being cooperative, we will give you a discount," Cathy declared as she sat on William's lap. "All you need to do is pay ninety-nine trillion gold coins and your debt will be cleared."

"Isn't that too expensive? After drinking such low-quality bloo–ouch!" William cried out in pain after Cathy bit his right shoulder hard.

"Low quality? You dare say that my blood is low quality?" Cathy asked like a feral cat that had her tail stepped on. "You're courting death, Mister!"

William glanced at the teeth mark on his shoulder before shifting his attention to Cathy who was showing her pearly white teeth in full display.

"There's more where that came from, you know?"

"Are you a dog?"

"So, you've chosen death."

Just like always, the two once again rumbled like two idiots who had nothing better to do with their lives.

In the end, William waved the flag of surrender as the pretty lady sat on his chest.

For some reason, he couldn't stop himself from acting childish in front of Cathy. It was as if, whenever he was around her, he could just forget about all of his problems and just act like a kid without a care in the world.

Cathy stood up and extended her hand towards the Half-Elf that was lying on the ground.

William grabbed her hand firmly as he propped himself up before sitting back on the couch.

Once he was properly seated, the pretty lady sat on his lap and stared straight at his eyes.Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Are you really one of my future wives?" William asked.

"You will naturally know in the future," Cathy replied.

"When in the future will we meet?"

"At the right time."

William sighed as he brushed away the hair that was covering the nape of Cathy's neck.

"Won't you really tell me anything?" William asked as he lowered his head to kiss Cathy's neck. "Please?"

Cathay sighed. "You don't need to think of the future, it will come soon enough. Right now, you should enjoy the present, for it is the time that will never happen again. With every second that passes, the present you have now is becoming your past. A minute later, this time will also be part of your past.

The pretty lady pulled back as she caressed William's face. "I've told you once that you don't need to look for me, for I will be the one to come to you. As to when we will meet again, it will always be at the time when we should meet. All I can promise you is that I will never be early, or arrive late. I will come exactly on time, so all you need to do is wait. Just like now."

Cathy kissed William's forehead as she once again presented her neck to him.

"I have one last question," William asked. "Answer me this honestly, and I will no longer ask you any questions."

"And your question is?"

"I already have four wives. I don't know when I will be marrying Lilith, but she would definitely be my fifth. If you are my future wife then…"

A soft and delicate finger pressed over William's lips, preventing him from finishing his words.

"You're such a spoiled child," Cathy said. "But fine, I will answer the question you wish to ask. But after this, no more questions, okay?"

William nodded before holding Cathy's hand on his own. He then stared at her eyes that seemed to have all the colors of the rainbow, and more within their depths. He gazed at her long, silky black hair, which reflected the light inside the room.

And wondered how long he would have to wait before he could see her again when he returned to Hestia.

After admiring her features, he once again shifted his gaze on her pretty face as he waited for her answer.

Cathy batted her eyes at him in a teasing manner before moving close to whisper something in his ears.

"I am your Ninth Wife," Cathy whispered. "There will be several tribulations along the way, but if it's you, I know you will be fine. After all, you represent me."

William still had a few more questions to ask, but he promised Cathy that he would not ask anything else after his question was answered. In the end, he bit on her delicate neck, and held her tight as he drank her lifeblood that had wormed its way to his heart.

Since she had already made a promise then he would wait till their reunion in Hestia.

When that time came, he knew that no more secrets would be kept between them, and he would once again hold his so-called future wife in his embrace.