Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 874 - Last For A Lifetime

"That feeling just now," Lilith looked at William with an anxious expression. "Could it be that something happened to our daughter?"

William wanted to say no in order to assure his lover that they might just be overthinking things, but something was stopping him from doing so. The only thing he could do was to hold Lilith tight, and wrap her in his protective embrace, while trying to calm down his own wildly beating heart.

The image of the young beauty with long red hair, and amber eyes flashed across Lilith's mind.

A feeling of dread and suffocation gripped her entire being, as she buried her head in William's chest in order to fight off the tears that were threatening to fall.

"What's wrong?" Aldric asked as he stared at the two people who suddenly had grim expressions on their faces. "Did something happen?"

The two didn't answer Aldric's question because neither of them dared to open their mouths. They were afraid that once they did, the worries in their hearts would become real.

The Diabolical Hell Ape didn't pry any further because he felt that the two were not in the mood to answer any questions. In the end, he sat cross-legged on the ground and meditated, while waiting for William and Lilith to resolve whatever issues they currently had.

—--

Tears streamed down the side of Raizel's face as she swung Gleipnir to repel the monsters that caused serious injuries to her body.

Her left arm had been torn off by a wolf-like creature when it had attacked her from behind.

Her clothes had long been stained by blood as a feeling of light-headedness assaulted her due to blood loss.

Raizel didn't have the strength to fight off the countless monsters that encircled her. The only thing she could do was swing his only remaining right arm, to guide Gleipnir's trajectory and hold the beasts at bay for a second or two.

As the young beauty raised her arm, the jewel embedded on her bracelet caught her attention.

This was the parting gift that Lilith had given her as a memento of their meeting in the Deadlands.

The bracelet wasn't magical or anything. It was one of Lilith's first creations when she was experimenting with the Power of Greed.

The Amazon Princess could mold any precious metals into any kind of object that she desired, and this bracelet was something that she had prepared to give to her first daughter when she was born.

This bracelet was now on her wrist, proving that she was Lilith's first-born-child.

'I'm sorry, Ma,' Raizel thought as she gritted her teeth. 'I'm sorry.'

A giant lizard-like creature swiped its tail at the young beauty that was using Gleipnir as a shield.

Raizel tried to meet its attack head-on, but she could no longer raise her right hand due to loss of blood and exhaustion.

In the end, the tail broke past her defenses and sent her flying several meters away, crashing to the ground, and rolling several more meters before coming to a complete stop.

Blood spilled at the corner of her lips as her sight grew blurry.

The creatures didn't rush at her, and simply walked in her direction. It was as if they wanted to feed on her fear and desperation.

They were like sadistic spectators who enjoyed the pain and suffering of others.

Raizel tried to move her arm in order to prop up her body, but her strength had finally abandoned her.

In the end, a bitter smile appeared on her beautiful face as she closed her eyes to accept her fate.L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

She had done her best, and fought until she could no longer fight.

Raizel thought of William and Lilith who had held her tight until the very last moment. She could still feel their warmth lingering in her body, and it gave her comfort.

The young beauty held on to those happy and warm memories as her body started to turn cold.

Although they were far apart, she felt at peace knowing that in her last moments, she was wrapped within their loving and protective embrace.

Seeing that their prey had finally given up, the monsters finally decided to go on for the kill. Their intelligent eyes held a bit of disappointment because they thought that the young beauty would beg for them to spare her life.

They wanted to see her groveling at their feet, begging them not to kill her.

But Raizel didn't do that.

She simply fought with everything she had until the last embers of her life burned away.

With a mighty roar, a giant Golden Lion lunged towards the lying girl on the ground.

He was the King of all the Myriad Beasts in his Domain, and anyone who entered his Domain was his for the taking.

As the giant jaws of death descended upon the young lady, who could no longer move her body, a portal opened right in front of the Golden Lion's path.

Everything happened so fast that no one saw what exactly happened. The only thing that they saw was that the Golden Lion suddenly went flying in the opposite direction and slammed into the walls of the spacious coliseum.

A Half-Elf with short red hair, and eyes that glowed in a golden hue stepped out of the portal.

Following behind him was a beautiful lady with long light-brown hair and amber eyes that looked similar to Raizel's.

The pair ignored the monsters around them and went to hold the young lady whose body had turned cold.

William pressed his palm over Raizel's chest and passed his life force directly into her body.

Half a minute later, the young beauty's eyes slowly opened as she looked up at the two blurry figures that were standing in front of her.

Although she couldn't see what they looked like, her heart had already identified both of them.

"Did you find the treasure you were looking for?" Lilith asked as she lovingly tucked the hair that covered her daughter's face behind Raizel's ear.

"No," Raizel answered as she raised her right hand to show Lilith the bracelet on her arm. "But I found something better. Isn't it beautiful?"

She was still feeling weak, but she no longer cared. Even if they were surrounded by countless Myriad Beasts, the fear in her heart had long disappeared. For she knew that even if the sky fell above their heads at this moment, her parents would carry it all on their shoulders.

"Indeed," Lilith smiled as she kissed her daughter's bloodied hand. "It is very beautiful. Just like you, My Love."

William stopped transferring life force in Raizel's body because he knew that too much would cause complications in the long run. Even the young beauty's left arm, that had been torn off, had regenerated, so the Half-Elf decided to stop the life force transfer and let Raizel recover naturally.

Now that his daughter was safe, William turned his head to look at the countless monsters that bullied his daughter and cracked his fists with a devilish smile on his face.

"F*cking pieces of sh*t!" William shouted as a powerful aura exploded around his body, which made all the hearts of the monsters tremble in fear. "How dare you bully my daughter?!"

Raizel watched as a one-sided massacre took place in the Domain that had trapped her for several months. Even though blood and pieces of flesh fell like rain, the young beauty found this sight to be a marvel to behold.

Although she hadn't found the treasure that she was originally searching for, the thing she did find was so priceless, that she felt that she'd found enough love and happiness… that would last for a lifetime.