Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 875 - Renewing Feelings Of Love

"Are you feeling better?" Chiffon asked as she looked at Lilith who was currently resting her head on William's shoulder with her eyes closed.

The Half-Elf had wrapped his arms around her body in order to support her physically, emotionally, and spiritually.Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Both of them had decided to enter the Thousand Beast Domain until the feeling of anxiousness disappeared.

They had also brought Aldric with them, which gave the Diabolical Hell Ape a surprise when he saw the Domain that belonged to William.

After returning to the Villa, the two of them reunited with Chiffon who were very worried about their well-being. However, the pink-haired girl didn't ask them any questions because she instinctively felt that William and Lilith were suffering from something.

In the end, she just sat across the two of them and observed them while drinking the tea that Charmaine had prepared for them.

Color started to return to William's and Lilith's faces as the dreadful feeling in their hearts disappeared. Even so, they still feel anxious deep inside because they had a feeling that their bad premonition was somehow connected to their future daughter whom they had parted with not long ago.

"Don't worry," William whispered in Lilith's ear as he held her hand. "I'm sure she's fine. Knowing the two of us, we will not allow anything to happen to her. Not now, not in the future."

Lilith nodded her head in agreement. She knew her own character better than anything else, so she was sure that she would not stand by and allow anyone to harm her daughter.

"You're right," Lilith said after calming down. "I think I just miss her."

"Me, too." William patted her head. "But, she's going to be fine. After all, she is our daughter."

Chiffon blinked in confusion as she listened to William's and Lilith's talk.

She had only been separated from the two of them for ten minutes, and yet, she felt that many things had happened in that short period of time.

Actually, Chiffon wanted to ask William about the Dwarf that she saw not long ago. She felt as if she should know him, and yet, the pink-haired girl couldn't match his features to anyone that she had encountered in the past, which greatly troubled her.

'I'll ask Will later,' Chiffon thought as she looked at her husband with a curious expression.

The pink-haired girl may not have spent a long time with William, but she was well aware of his gestures, especially gestures that were reserved for his wives and lovers.

Seeing the way the Half-Elf held Lilith in his embrace made Chiffon wonder if Lilith would become William's next wife after Princess Sidonie.

Frankly, she was happy because one of her "sisters" would be marrying her husband. However, Chiffon was feeling anxious about the custom of Amazons. Although she didn't mind sharing William with Lilith, she would definitely not agree to Lilith sharing her husband with her entire tribe!

This was something that Chiffon would not agree to. This was why she decided to have a proper talk with Lilith in order to convince her that William wasn't someone that should be passed around like a tool for baby making.

Half an hour passed, and the two felt that the anxiousness in their hearts had finally disappeared.

Even so, they decided to rest in the Thousand Beast Domain for a day before resuming their journey to find the Hall of Thunder.

That night, William, Chiffon, and Lilith took a bath together.

The Half-Elf and Amazon Princess were surprised because they didn't see the reaction that they were expecting from the pink-haired girl, who seemed to be at fine with how things were.

The three were soaking inside the bathtub, with Chiffon leaning against William's body, while the Half-Elf had his arms wrapped around his pink-haired wife.

Lilith, on the other hand, soaked while seated opposite them. She had her eyes closed as she enjoyed the luxury of the warm water, that had not been available to them while they were in the Deadlands.

"Will, are you and Lilith now lovers?" Chiffon asked. Although she had a feeling that this was the case, it was still better to get confirmation from her husband, so that no misunderstandings would happen.

"Yes," William answered. "Are you surprised?"

"Just a little."

"Only a little?"

Lilith, who kept her eyes closed, perked up her ears in order to not miss anything in the conversation. Although it didn't show on her face, she was a bit worried about how William's wives would react to her becoming their husband's lover.

The Half-Elf had already told her during one of their love-making sessions that he would marry her. Even so, the Amazon Princess was still feeling worried and inferior to William's current wives, especially Princess Sidonie.

She had treated the beautiful Princess as her true rival in being able to secure William's affections, so she was preparing herself mentally for their inevitable confrontation.

"I know that beauty alone is not enough to move your heart, Big Brother." Chiffon subconsciously reverted to calling William Big Brother as she held his hands that were holding her small and delicate body.

"Since that is the case, you and Lilith must have found something in common. I don't really know what happened, but after both of you returned, I felt that the feelings you have with each other have changed."

Chiffon closed her eyes as she leaned on William's chest.

"Since I separated from the two of you when the Terror Rats attacked, the way you look at her had changed," Chiffon stated. "I don't believe that such a drastic change could possibly happen in the span of a few minutes. Big Brother, if possible, can you tell me what happened?"

William nodded. "Okay."

That night, William told Chiffon about what happened to them when the Black-Striped Terror Rats attacked.

The Half-Elf patiently told her what happened in the Deadlands, and how Lilith had fallen head over heels over him, which earned him a snort and a kick from the Amazon Princess that was seated across them.

Chiffon gasped when William had revealed that they had met their future daughter in the Deadlands, which made the pink-haired girl pout.

The adorable little Half-Dwarf began to ask William if he saw their future daughter as well, but the Half-Elf could only shake his head, and do his best to pacify Chiffon who felt jealous after hearing about Raizel's existence.

"Will, it's not fair," Chiffon said in a face filled with jealousy that he was seeing for the first time in his life. "Why didn't you see our daughter?"

Chiffon knew that she was being unreasonable, but she couldn't help feeling left out after discovering that William had met his and Lilith's daughter in that strange world, where they had finally accepted their feelings for each other.

"Don't worry," William said as he playfully rubbed the pink-haired girl's lower abdomen. "I'll make sure to make lots of babies with you as well. So, don't pout anymore, okay?"

"Three."

"Three?"

Chiffon turned around to face William. Her small body pressed against his chest, and her pinkish eyes stared straight at him, allowing him to see his reflection in their beautiful depths.

"Stop teasing me, Will."

"Sorry."

The Half-Elf kissed the pink-haired girl's lips before whispering words of love in her ears.

That night, William renewed his feelings of love, not only to Chiffon, but to the Amazon Princess whose passion had grown by leaps and bounds.

William and Lilith both knew that they couldn't force some things to happen. Even so, they were looking forward to the day, when that young beauty that they had loved in the Deadlands, would finally come their way.