Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 876 - Primeval Storm Wolf Randall

After spending a night inside the Thousand Beast Domain to calm their emotions, William, Chiffon, Lilith, and Aldric once again set out to find the Hall of Thunder, which was the Half-Elf's main purpose in coming to the Seventh Sanctum.

Now that the threat of the Terror Rats were over, the group of four passed over the Rivers of Samsara by creating crystal bridges using the power of Lilith's Divinity.

Right now, the Amazon Princess was merged with William and the Half-Elf was empowering her ability to make the bridges sturdier.

After traveling for two days, the group finally arrived at a cliff overlooking a gigantic crater, where countless lightning bolts fell.

The roar of the lightning and thunder were so strong that it was impossible to communicate with each other. The Half-Elf was also forced to purchase noise canceling headphones from the God Shop, and communicated with his lovers through telepathy.

Aldric, on the other hand, was a Demonic Beast, and being in close proximity to Heavenly Lightning made him feel very uncomfortable. Because of this, William decided to let him stay inside the Thousand Beast Domain, while he looked for the Hall of Thunder.

When they approached the crater, the lightning falling from the sky intensified and some of them even descended upon their location.

This forced William to equip his Prestige Class, Prince of Thunder, in order to deflect the lightning bolts that were headed their way.

Out of curiosity, Chiffon opened her mouth and absorbed one of the Heavenly Lightning bolts to taste what it was like. After eating one, the pink-haired girl burped and frowned.

"What does it taste like?" William asked in curiosity.

"It has a metallic taste to it," Chiffon answered. "It's so-so."

"Can you rate it?"

"4 out of 10."

Lilith wasn't able to stop her face from twitching, while listening to the telepathic conversation that the two were having. It was as if she was hearing the talk of two food connoisseurs that were looking for rare dishes to eat.

After William and Chiffon finished their talk, the Half-Elf deemed that it was too dangerous for the two girls to accompany him, so he asked the two of them to wait for him in the Thousand Beast Domain.

Knowing that William was only doing this for their own good, the two girls agreed, leaving the Half–Elf alone beside the lightning infested crater.

After walking for over a hundred meters, the ground suddenly trembled and a gigantic silhouette appeared in front of William.

Within the chaotic lightning storm, a ten-meter tall wolf that seemed to be composed of pure lightning eyed William from the center of the crater.Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

The Half-Elf stopped walking and observed the majestic creature that he believed was in the middle stages of the Demigod Rank.

—-

< Primeval Storm Wolf Randall>

– Guardian of the Hall of Thunder

– Threat Level: Calamity (Mid)

– Demigod

– Cannot be added to the Herd

– When the Seventh Sanctum was created, the Primeval Storm Wolf, Randall, was born to become its true Overlord.

– It doesn't interfere with the lives within the Forbidden Domain and only stays in the Northern Frontier where the Hall of Thunder is located.

– As the Demigod that rules over the Seventh Sanctum, it has the power to command all the beasts that reside inside it. Great care should be observed when dealing with these ancient and noble creature

—---

"What is your purpose for coming here?" the Storm Wolf, Randall, asked using telepathy. "This is not the place for mortals to explore."

William gave the Storm Wolf a brief bow as a sign of respect, before telling it his purpose for coming.

"I came here seeking for the Hall of Thunder," William replied. "I wish to enter its halls in order to seek the help of the Gods of Thunder and Lightning."

The Storm Wolf gave William a weird look before laughing out loud, creating booming claps of thunder above the heavens. This lasted for a few minutes before the Wolf started to walk in the Half-Elf's direction with a teasing smile on its feral face.

"I'm sorry to say, but you came here in vain," Randall said. "The Gods of Thunder and Lightning died thousands of years ago. The Hall of Thunder is merely a shell of what it once was."

The Storm Wolf was about to say more when it noticed something peculiar on William's body. It lowered its head and took a whiff of the Half-Elf's scent and a frown appeared on its face.

"You… could you perhaps…" Randall was about to ask a question, but immediately dismissed the idea. "It's impossible. The Hall of Thunder won't open to just anyone."

"What do you mean when you say that the Hall of Thunder won't open to just anyone?"

"I mean what I said. Go back, boy. This is not the place for you."

William didn't move an inch from where he stood and simply stared at the Demigod who was looking down on him with an impatient look.

"I came here because the Gods told me to come here," William replied with his arms crossed over his chest. "Do you think I'm bored enough to take a stroll inside the Forbidden Lands?"

Randal growled as it looked down on the Half-Elf who was starting to irritate it. "I don't know if you are bored or not. All I know is that if you remain stubborn, you will be courting death.

"It has been hundreds of years since I last saw someone come here, seeking for the Hall of Thunder, but he went back empty handed. That person was a great person, probably one of the most powerful beings that I have met in my long lifetime. Even so, that didn't change anything. The Gods of Thunder and Lightning are dead. No one can bring them back to life."

"Hmp! I don't care what you say, I'm not going anywhere until I enter the Halls of Thunder." William replied stubbornly.

"I gave you a chance, mortal." Randal sneered. "But, since you want to throw your life away then I will gladly send you to the afterlife."

William snorted. "Well, I don't see you doing that anytime soon."

Although he was facing off against a Demigod, William wasn't afraid.

The reason for this was simple. According to the System, Randall was a creature formed from the pure force of nature. Its entire being was made up of Heavenly Lightning, which meant that it could only use lightning based attacks that William wasn't afraid of.

In fact, he even looked forward to it. He wanted to know if his current Job Class, Prince of Thunder, was capable of withstanding one of the primal forces in the world, that was known to be destructive and unpredictable.