Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 877 - You Understand How Awesome I Am

Two lightning bolts, one golden, the other blue, clashed repeatedly creating powerful shockwaves every time they collided.

After a quarter of an hour, the two figures backed away from each other.

"As expected, someone who is looking for the Hall of Thunder will never be a simple person," Randall said as streaks of lightning covered its body.

William smiled as he took a fighting stance. "I can do this all day."

Just like he expected, Randall could only use lightning bolts. Although he had to admit that the power of the Heavenly Thunder was truly powerful, the most it could do to him was tickle him.Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"It's no use, Half-Elf." Randal growled. "The only way you can enter the Hall of Thunder is when you defeat me."

William smiled. "Sounds simple enough."

The Half-Elf raised his hand as a golden staff materialized in front of him. This was the first time he would be attempting to use this ability, and a part of him was feeling excited about it.

"I call upon the Great Sage," William chanted as the golden staff glowed brightly. "Heaven's Equal who looked down upon the world in disdain. Please, hear my call and descend upon the Mortal Realm. Show them the true power of the one and only handsome Monkey King!"

"Sun Wukong!"

The thunder clouds parted and a flash of golden light fell on William's body from the Heavens.

Immediately, a golden tornado erupted around the Half-Elf, blocking him from Randall's view. Golden lightning snaked around the tornado, as an overpowering presence burst forth from inside it.

When the tornado receded, a grinning Sun Wukong appeared holding Ruyi Jingu Bang in his hand. The Monkey King then picked on his ears using his pinky finger as if cleaning them in preparation for battle.

'This is the first time that you've personally asked me to fight for you,' Sun Wukong said. 'You know that you can only use this ability once a month, right?'

'Yes,' William replied. 'However, having this awesome ability and not using it is a shame. The world should know the name of the Mighty Monkey King, and let your stories be heard.'

'Kakaka! This is what I like about you, Will. You understand how awesome I am.'

'Yes. The word awesome was made to describe your greatness, your Excellency.'

Sun Wukong was currently possessing William's body, which allowed the Monkey King to fully use his powers in the Mortal Realm. This was a skill that had been available to William for a very long time, but due to its long cooldown, he hadn't used it even once.

Although Randall couldn't deal significant damage to him, he also couldn't deal significant damage to the Storm Wolf. A Demigod was still something that he couldn't fight head-on.

Fighting against Morax had only been possible because he had the help of Mjolnir as well as the Laws of the Deadlands. Right now, he needed pure, brute force, in order to force the Storm Wolf into submission, and the only one that could help him do that was Sun Wukong.

Randall frowned after seeing the monkey in front of it. As a Demigod, it stood at the peak of the Mortal Realm. Even so, in front of the creature in front of it, it felt a threat that it had never felt before, which made all the fur in its body stand on end, intensifying the power of the lightning bolts that its body was releasing.

"My name is Sun Wukong."

"I didn't ask to know your name."

"I know," Sun Wukong smirked. "I just want to let you know the name of the awesome guy who will beat you into submission."

Randall growled. "For an annoying primate, you talk a lot."

"Kakaka!" The Monkey King laughed as he took a step forward. In that single step, he had crossed the distance between him and the Storm Wolf who still had no idea what it was up against.

"Reject humanity!" Sun Wukong shouted as Ruyi Jingu Bang grew in size. "Return to Monke!"

The golden staff smashed the side of Randall's face sending it hurtling towards the sky. Everything happened so fast that the Storm Wolf didn't understand what happened. As a being born from Heavenly Lightning, it was one of the fastest Demigods in Hestia, and yet, it wasn't able to see Sun Wukong's attack even if its full attention was at the monkey the whole time!

As the Storm Wolf was still reeling from the pain that it was feeling on the side of its face, a playful voice reached its ears.

"What's furry and dangerous and lives in the Celestial Realm?" Sun Wukong asked. "Time's up! The answer is… ME!"

The Storm Wolf was once again hit in the side of its face, only this time, it was hit on the other side of its face, sending it crashing towards the ground. The Monkey King then held his golden staff and aimed it at the ground with a smirk.

"Monkey King War Art, First Form," Sun Wukong said as he thrust his golden staff towards the ground. "Heaven Piercer!"

A giant golden staff, the size of a castle, smashed down on Randall's body, pinning it to the ground and creating a massive crater in its surroundings.

As the true owner of Ruyi Jingu Bang, Sun Wukong was able to unleash stronger and more devastating attacks, which would make William's usual Heroic Avatar pale in comparison.

'Randall is not dead, right?' the Half-Elf asked as he felt his liver itching, after imagining what it was like to be on the receiving end of such a destructive attack.

'Nah,' Sun Wukong replied. 'I only used a tenth of my full power. If it can't take a hit like that then it can quit being a Demigod.'

William's lips twitched as he looked at the devastated landscape through Sun Wukong's eyes. Seeing that the smug-faced Monkey King had bragged about holding back his power in order to not kill his opponent made William curse internally.

After seeing that destruction in front of him, the Half-Elf believed that if he had summoned Sun Wukong back in the Deadlands, Morax would have definitely been flattened like a pancake.