Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 881 - I Don't Want To Be Called A Womanizer

"I don't know," William answered Hebe's question. "Even though today was the first time I saw her, I believe that that was not our first meeting. I feel like… I have seen her before. I just can't remember when."

William could tell that Hebe was trying to pry answers from him, but he didn't mind. He also had the same motive, so saying his sincere thoughts about Amalthea would help him gain Hebe's trust and allow him to pry more information from her lips.

"You feel like you've met her before?"

"Yes. But, I don't know where."

"How very peculiar," Hebe straightened herself as she leaned back on the couch. She continued to brush William's head with her hand, as she digested the information she'd gathered from William.

The Half-Elf, in his drunken state, closed his eyes to enjoy the comfortable feeling. The two stayed in this position for quite some time before William drifted into a dreamless sleep, unaware that a certain handsome man was watching him from the shadows.

The next day, William awoke when he felt several hands caressing his body in different places. It was then when he found himself in what seemed to be a spring, without his clothes on, and being washed by the four beauties that had accompanied him at the feast a few hours ago.

The gears in the Half-Elf's half asleep brain started to churn, while the four beauties giggled as they continued to touch and clean him everywhere.

"So, you're finally awake," A deep and masculine voice said from his right side, which made the Half-Elf turn his head to the side.

Dias, who was being cleaned up by eight naked beauties, gave William a confident smile in greeting.

As William's brain tried to process everything that was happening around him, a set of choices appeared in his head.

The first choice was to break free from the four ladies who were currently washing his body zealously, and run away.

The second choice was to act as if everything was fine and chat with Dias about the weather.

The third option was to politely ask the ladies if they could return his clothes to him, so that he could wear them.

After a brief internal struggle, William smiled as he stared at the handsome Dias whose hands were actively groping the ladies, who were more than happy to receive his affection.

"Fine weather we are having today, eh?" William said as he gazed at Dias. "I have to say, your hospitality is truly extraordinar– um, girl, please don't touch my tralala. I'm already married."

After hearing William's words, the four ladies, as well as the eight that were servicing Dias all giggled as if finding his words very funny.

Dias was also smiling, but deep inside he was very impressed because William wasn't affected by the beauty of the Nymphs.

These ladies who had driven many men crazy due to their beauty were doing their best to seduce the red-headed teenager, but it had no effect on the Half-Elf.

'Well, Hebe's beauty didn't seem to affect him as well, so it is perfectly normal for him to be able to resist the advances of the Nymphs,' Dias thought as he continued to observe the young man who had covered his… with his hands to prevent the Nymphs from groping it.

"You're already married?" Dias asked.

"Yes," William answered.

Dias gave the Half-Elf a knowing smile.

"They say that great men have many wives. I myself have seven wives," Dias said with a smug expression that was oozing of charisma. "How about you? How many wives do you have?"

"Currently, I have four legally wedded wives," William replied. For some reason, a part of him wanted to compete with Dias, so he decided to add a bit more to his answer. "But, I have six other fiances who are waiting for me to marry them."

As the Half-Elf expected, the smile on Dias' face stiffened when he heard that William had more wives than him. For him, this was unacceptable, so he decided to fight back to show that he was manlier than him.

"Actually, I have many other lovers," Dias stated. "I just didn't say it out loud because I don't want to be called a womanizer."

The corner of William's lips twitched when he heard the reply of the handsome man who was busy groping all the ladies that were pressing their bodies against his.

For a brief moment, the Half-Elf even felt some regret on Dias face as if he was wishing that he had more hands, so that he could play with all the ladies around him at the same time.

"I see." William nodded.

The two stopped talking and only the giggles of the Nymphs who were splashing their bodies with water could be heard in the spring. Half an hour later, Dias left, followed by his beautiful entourage.Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

As William was pondering on what to do, Hebe strolled to the spring carrying a set of clothes for William to wear.

"The clothes you wore last night are dirty, so I decided to have them washed for the time being," Hebe said. "Please, get dressed. There is someone who wants to meet with you."

"Someone wants to meet me?"

"Yes."

"Who?" William asked. He had just arrived yesterday and there was already someone who wanted to meet him. The Half-Elf found this affair very strange.

"I'm sorry, but I can't tell you," Hebe answered with a complicated look on her face. Honestly, she didn't know why that person would ask to meet William. All she knew was that she had been given an order that she must fulfill no matter what.

"Can I not go?"

"You can't. You must go even if you don't want to go."

William scratched his head, but in the end, he decided to meet the person who had asked to meet him.

Hebe's complexion wasn't that good, so he believed that this was a person of great importance.

'Just who is this person that can make even a God feel anxious?' William thought as he followed Hebe into the hallway of the residence.

The two walked for ten minutes before arriving at a dead end, where a three-meter tall black obsidian mirror, that reflected nothing, stood facing the two of them.