Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 882 - It Is Very Rare For Me To Have Guests

"Go," Hebe said as she patted William's shoulder. "She is waiting for you on the other side."

William frowned, but he still decided to take a step forward. Right now, he didn't know where he was, or how he would be able to get out of this place.

In order to break through his bottleneck, he went to find the Hall of Thunder, inside the Forbidden Ground. After successfully arriving at his destination, he was sent into this world where Gods resided.

'Maybe I'll find the answer beyond this mirror,' William thought as he took another step forward towards the mirror.

After arriving directly in front of it, he pressed his hand on its surface in order to test his theory.

Just like he expected, his hand passed through the mirror without any problems. William took a deep breath before moving forward to enter the mirror.

Only when he had disappeared from her sight did Hebe breathe out a sigh of relief. She really didn't know why that person called for William.

'I better tell my father about this.' Hebe hurriedly left to find her father in order to tell him what was going on. She hoped that Dias would be able to tell her why William had been asked to meet with the person who resided on the other side of the world.

—-

William found himself in a world that was in complete darkness. Even though he was a Half-Elf, his vision couldn't see past a meter in front of him.

Just as he was about to conjure some light to guide his way when several floating orbs of blue light shone in the distance.

"Come. Oh, traveler from the future," a silky and seductive voice of a lady reached William's ears that made him unconsciously shudder. "There's nothing to be afraid of. I just want to talk."

William took deep breaths in order to calm himself and his body. The voice had barely said a few words, but it was more than enough to make him feel faint.

The Half-Elf knew that he was being subjected to a form of suppression. Even though he had a feeling that the owner of the voice meant him no harm, her mere words contained enough power to make his very soul shudder.

Gritting his teeth, William followed the orbs of light and traveled that pitch-black world for several hours.

He didn't know how long he had walked, but each step he took took a toll on his willpower. It was as if the world of darkness was draining all the light, emotions, and life from his body.

Just as he decided to remain still to catch his breath, his eyes broke through the darkness and saw an obsidian throne in front of him.

Sitting on the throne was an otherworldly beauty that almost took William's breath away. The lady in front of him was so beautiful that no other lady that William had met in his lifetime could hold a candle to her.

Not even the beautiful lady with light-blue hair, and purple horns, that made his heart ache in sadness.

"Come," the lady said with a smile that almost made William's knees turn to jelly. "Let me take a closer look at you."

William stood his ground and didn't dare to move. He felt that if he took one more step, his legs would give way, which would cause him to collapse in this dark world that was colder than ice.Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Seeing that her guest didn't want to obey her command, the beautiful lady snapped her fingers.

Immediately, several black chains coiled themselves around William's body.

The Half-Elf tried to break free but he couldn't muster any strength in his body. In fact, the more he resisted, the faster his strength waned. It came to the point when he simply hung limp in their hold, unable to move a muscle.

The moment he stopped resisting, the chains moved and pulled him closer towards the throne where the beautiful lady looked at him with great curiosity.

"It is very rare for me to have guests," the beautiful lady said as she cupped William's face. "Especially someone that came from the future."

William decided to make a last ditch effort and unleashed all of the powers he could muster.

The Half-Elf's body glowed as golden lightning bolts snaked around his body. He was planning to break free from the chains that bound him and escape by traveling at the speed of lightning.

But, before he could execute his plan, the beautiful lady kissed his lips and drained all of the power that he had gathered up.

Half a minute later, the beautiful lady pulled back, savoring the exquisite taste of William's existence.

"I see… so it's really you," the beautiful lady caressed the side of William's face. "You are the reason why Amalthea decided to give up her immortality."

The Half-Elf hadn't heard the beautiful lady's words because he had already lost consciousness after all of his strength had been drained from his body.

The corner of the beautiful lady's lips curled up into a smile as she pulled William closer to her.

The lady took off William's upper robe and kissed the blue gem that faintly glowed on William's chest.

"I can sense a strand of darkness in your very soul, which means that you are connected to me one way or the other," the Primordial Goddess said with mild surprise as if she had discovered a hidden gem among countless rocks.

"Although I can't use my powers to see your memories, your soul feels familiar and unfamiliar at the same time… just, who are you? Why did Amalthea decide to give up her Divinity for you?"

The beautiful goddess pulled William close to her and made the unconscious Half-Elf sit on her lap. She then rested his head on her chest, while her finger lightly tapped the blue gem on his chest making the light inside it grow dimmer every second.

"Sorry Amalthea," the beautiful lady said as she playfully brushed William's lips with her delicate finger. "I don't know who this child is, but I'll be sure to get to know him more from now on. For the time being, I'll indulge myself and have my fill first. It's your fault for trying to hide something so precious from me."

It was at that moment when all the light in that dark world disappeared until nothing remained, but total darkness.