Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 884 - When Love And Hate Collides

When William opened his eyes he found himself in an open field.

After propping himself to a sitting position, he tried to recall how he arrived to where he was, but no matter what he did, he couldn't remember anything.

"The last thing I remember was eating and drinking with Hebe last night," William muttered as he subconsciously smacked his lips as if to recall the taste of the wine last night.

However, the thing he tasted was different, which made him blink in confusion.

'Milk?' William thought. 'I don't remember drinking any milk last night? Am I still drunk?'

The Half-Elf immediately rejected the idea because his mind was very clear right now. He could even observe the tiny particles that were rising up in the air because of his incredible vision.

While the Half-Elf was still wondering how he ended in the open field, a lightning bolt landed a few meters away from him.

"So this is where you are," Dias said as he walked towards William. "I was getting worried because you've been missing for two days."

"Hah?" William blinked. "Two days? Are you sure?"

Dias smirked as he extended his hand to help William stand up. The Half-Elf grabbed Dias' strong hand and allowed himself to be pulled up.

Just as William was about to ask some questions, Dias' expression suddenly turned serious. The handsome man then sniffed on William's clothes, then his face like a dog.

A trace of shock flashed across his face, which made William wonder if the handsome man had awakened a sniffing fetish.

"You… why do you have the scent of Amalthea on your body?" Dias asked. His question had a trace of anger in it, and his mood was reflected in the sky above their heads as it started to darken.

Thunder rumbled, and lightning flashed. Dias' eyes glowed brightly as tendrils of lightning sparked from its depths.

"Why do you have Amalthea's scent on your body?!"

A loud clap of thunder reverberated in the heavens, and strong gusts of wind started to blow. William could tell that Dias wasn't joking or anything, and was really angry at him for some reason.

"Amalthea? Didn't she return to become one with the stars?" William asked back. "What are you talking about?"

Instead of answering his question, Dias raised his hand and a lightning spear as red as blood appeared in his hands.

"I'll ask you one last time… why do you have Amalthea's scent on your body?" Dias asked in a deep and threatening tone.

He was like a wild animal that was about to lunge at its prey to go for the kill.

"I already told you. I don't know what you're talking about," William replied. "The last time I saw Amalthea was on the mountain when she bid goodbye to you!"

"Liar!" Dias roared as he threw the lightning spear at point blank range.

William didn't bother to dodge because it was simply lightning. He was not afraid of lightning!

However, what happened next caught the Half-Elf by surprise.

The red lightning spear pierced through his body, and sent him flying towards the mountain several kilometers away.

The force of the attack was so strong that the mountain was obliterated by Dias' attack.

William spat a mouthful of blood as his body crashed on the ground creating a crater. The spear that had embedded itself in the left side of William's chest pulled itself out of his body and flew through the air to return to Dias' hand.

William momentarily shifted his Job Class to Life Wizard and healed the injury in his body. To his surprise, the wound was recovering at a very slow rate, which alarmed him.

'He managed to pierce through my body using a lightning bolt even though I have the Prince of Thunder Job Class,' William's face became pale as he forced himself to stand up.

He once again changed his Job Class to Prince of Thunder. The Half-Elf felt that if he were to get hit by the red lightning bolt a second time without his current Job Class, the injury he would receive would probably be lethal.

For now, his wound had stopped bleeding, but it would still take a while before he had a full recovery. It was at that moment when he heard a notification sound in his status page.

—-

< Ding! >

< You have unlocked Trial of Thunder>

– In order to break through your bottleneck, you must be able to surpass your current strength. Only by doing so will you be allowed to obtain the Prestige Class, Thunder Emperor.Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Requirement to advance: Survive the Trial of Thunder for thirty minutes.

—--

'Sh*t!' William cursed internally. He had experienced only a single attack from Dias and he had already received serious injury. Frankly, William didn't have the confidence to survive against Dias for thirty minutes.

However, since this was the only way to become the Thunder Emperor, he had to do it no matter what!

"So, you will still refuse to answer?" Dias snorted. "Very well. I will pry the answer out of you before you take your last breath!"

William's strongest Job Classes at the moment were his Einherjar Job Class and the Vampire Progenitor. However, lightning was the bane of all Demonic and Undead creatures. Using the Vampire Progenitor Job Class at this point in time would be suicidal.

As for his Einherjar Job Class, William didn't dare to use it. He was fighting against a God, and he was afraid that before the trial's time was over, all of his memories about his past life might disappear completely because of the power of his adversary.

'There is only one thing that I can do,' William thought.

The Half-Elf raised his hand and a golden staff materialized in front of him. He held Ruyi Jingu Bang firmly in his hands as he prepared to fight against Dias seriously.

Stormcaller and Soleil also appeared beside William and both weapons were posed to strike.

Dias grinned evilly because it had been a while since he had fought someone.

Amalthea was a special existence to him. He loved and respected her so much that he didn't dare to even make her his woman. However, this red-headed teenager that had appeared out of nowhere suddenly reeked of her heavenly scent.

This information drove Dias crazy. Right now, the only thing he wanted to do was torture Wililam and make him spill why he had the scent of the first woman he loved on his body.

"Before we start let me ask you something," William said with a serious expression.

"What?" Dias hovered in the air as the power of lightning and thunder enveloped his body.

"During the feast, aside from wine, did the Nymphs serve me milk as well?" William inquired.

Dias' face contorted in anger when he heard William's question. He then raised the red lightning bolt in his hand and the world trembled due to his wrath.

"You Bastard!" Dias roared in fury. "I'll kill you!"

His shout marked the beginning of a fight between two men who had a special relationship with the woman who had now become a constellation in the sky.