Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 885 - A Battle For Supremacy

Inside the world of darkness, a lady with otherworldly beauty watched the fight that was about to start with great interest.

"A fated battle that spanned thousands of years in the making," the beautiful Goddess said with a smile on her face. "Show it to me, child. Create a miracle, right here, right now."

—-

Hebe, and the Nymphs stood in the residence of the Gods and looked at the two combatants with anxious expressions on their faces.

The golden-haired goddess couldn't understand why her father was fighting against William.

After the Half-Elf entered the Obsidian Mirror, he wasn't heard from, or seen until today. What surprised her was that the first thing her father did upon meeting him was to strike him with his lightning bolt.

This act of violence was something that she hadn't seen for a very long time because the Gods had been at peace with each other for the past few years. What surprised her the most was that William was just a mortal, and he managed to survive a direct attack from her father.

If she were to tell these things to others, none of them would believe her. There was simply no mortal who would be able to survive the lightning bolt that had ended the Titanomachy War.

"Die!" Dias roared as he hurled the red lightning bolt toward William with all of his might.

The Half-Elf turned into a golden lightning bolt and flew upwards to evade the attack, which obliterated the land he stood on a moment later.

Hebe and the Nymphs cried out because a powerful earthquake ensued after Dias' attack missed.

William frowned, and immediately flew away, so that the girls wouldn't be involved in their battle.

Dias sneered, but he didn't attack William when the latter chose to escape. Instead, he turned into a red lightning bolt to chase the Half-Elf who had crossed his bottom line.

William flew towards the sea, in order to prevent anyone else from being affected by their battle. After making sure that they were now far away from land, he stopped retreating and charged towards Dias with the intention to smack his face to oblivion.

"Sweep away all adversaries!" William shouted. "Ruyi Jingu Bang!"

The golden staff in William's hand grew in size and extended towards the red lightning bolt that was hot on his heels.

Dias didn't back down and thrust his red lightning bolt to meet William's oversized weapon.

The clash of the two weapons created an ear deafening explosion that split the sea in half.

"Quick Shot War Art Fourth Form!" William roared. "Grand Bazooka!"

A powerful blast erupted from the tip of Ruyi Jingu Bang which blew Dias hundreds of meters away.

Tendrils of lightning seeped out of his body like flowing blood, but his injuries regenerated at a very fast rate. The lightning-like blood then merged with the red lightning bolt in his hand making its glow more deadly.

This was the specialty of Dias' weapon. The more he was injured, the more powerful his weapon would become.

The handsome man was about to counterattack when two glowing spears appeared in front of him. Stormcaller and Soleil unleashed a lightning storm, and a firestorm, at the same time, bathing the Dias in a lightning-infested inferno.

"Quick Shot War Art... First Form." William aimed the giant golden staff at the blazing inferno in the distance to unleash another powerful attack. "Destroy everything in your path!"

"Railgun!"

Seconds after William unleashed one of the strongest attacks of his Quick Shot Shepherd Job Class, the inferno exploded, creating a gigantic mushroom cloud that expelled the seawater from its point of impact, showing the seabed bereft of water.

Stormcaller and Soleil returned to William's side just as Ruyi Jingu Bang returned to its original form.

From the center of the chaotic inferno, a lone figure emerged.

His upper clothes had been destroyed, and his body injured, but Dias stood tall as if the injuries he received were merely scratches.

"Not bad for a person that is about to die," Dias said in disdain. "Now, it's my turn."Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

The handsome man only took a single step forward, but when he appeared in William's sight again, he was already in front of William with his fist raised high.

He was over two-meters tall, so he towered over William and his fist slammed down on his chest, sending him crashing towards the sea like a cannonball.

"Disappear!" Dias shouted as he threw his red lightning bolt towards the boy laying on the seabed.

A world-shaking explosion reverberated across the seas as the red lightning bolt created a two-mile crater.

Dias was about to call his weapon back when something hard hit the back of his neck, which sent him smashing towards the sea where his weapon lay buried.

Just before the red lightning bolt was about to hit him, William had teleported towards Soleil, which he had positioned behind Dias.

He had already started to swing his weapon when he initiated the teleport, giving the handsome man no time to dodge his sneak attack.

Dias landed with his feet firmly planted on the ground, preventing any further damage to his body. The handsome man stared back hatefully at the Half-Elf who was panting heavily while standing on top of a floating cloud.

After activating his Heroic Avatar, William gained the power of Sun Wukong, including the Monkey King's sturdy and powerful body.

However, even with the added boost in his strength, stamina, and resistance, fighting against a High-Ranked God like Dias took everything he had.

Dias retrieved the red lightning bolt and held it firmly in his hand. Lightning flashed in his eyes as he marked William with his Divinity.

Loud peals of thunder, which was the manifestation of Dias' anger, shook the heavens, as the red lightning bolt in Dias' hand grew. His lightning bolt was special. It was not only his injuries that made it powerful.

More than anything else, his rage increased the power of his weapon as well. The injuries that William had given him was nothing in his eyes. Although it did hurt, and he received significant damage, it only fueled his desire to kill the bastard who dared to defile something precious in his eyes.

William took a deep breath as he summoned a wooden mallet in his left hand.

The wooden mallet then transformed into a small steel hammer that made the lightning bolts in the heavens strike William's body consecutively.

Soon, William was covered in the armor of the Thunder God that had been one of his close friends in Asgard.

"Mjolnir, help me beat this bastard," William said softly. "Just this once, give me full authority of your power. Let's show this bastard the power of the God of Thunder."

Mjolnir hummed as it agreed to William's request. It had already detected that the person William was fighting against was a God of Thunder, similar to its previous master, which made it feel competitive.

Mjolnir shone brightly and the lightning in the heavens answered its call, bathing William's entire body in deadly lightning that would turn any mortal who dared to touch it into ashes.

Dias raised an eyebrow after seeing such a scene. He felt insulted that someone dared to manifest the power of thunder and lightning before him.

"Junior, you dare?!" Dias asked as the red lightning bolt in his hand became bigger.

"Tell me, have you seen a world get destroyed right before your eyes?" William asked as he wielded both Ruyi Jingu Bang and Mjolnir with both hands. "You haven't, right? I have dared many things, even dying in the process.

"So, yes, I dare. I dare to fight an unreasonable God who dares to bully mortals like me. Come, you puny god. Let's see who the real God of Thunder is. You, or the person whom I looked up to thousands of years ago."

Countless lightning bolts snaked across the skies as if fighting amongst themselves. The two combatants were both eligible to call upon their powers.

This created a rare phenomenon since one of the most primal forces of nature didn't know whom to side with.

Dias and William both took a step forward and clashed mid-air. For a short period of time, William was granted the Power of the God of Thunder by Mjolnir.

Thanks to Sun Wukong's Heavenly Body, he had been able to reduce the tremendous load of Divinity that rampaged inside his body.

Two Gods of Thunder and Lightning.

One battle for supremacy.

The Gods and Immortals of the world watched with bated breath as the two fighters clashed in a battle of epic proportions.

A battle whose record would be preserved in the library of the Gods, until the end of time.