Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 886 - Thunder God’s Pride

The sky and land trembled as William and Dias clashed repeatedly, almost turning the sea into a boiling inferno.

Gazing at the two madlads from afar, several men and women chatted among themselves.

"Just who is that boy?" a handsome man with short dark-brown hair, holding a winecup in his hand asked. "He's giving Dias a lot of trouble."Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"I don't know, but whoever he is, he's my type." A very beautiful woman with long golden hair, and blue eyes, looked at William with great interest.

A teenage boy with short blonde hair, wearing winged sandals chuckled after hearing the beautiful Goddess' words.

"All handsome men are your type," the teenage boy said.

The beautiful Goddess shook her head. "No. This one is different. He has the strength to back up his looks. Men like him are on the top of my list."

"But, he's not yet a man, though?" the teenage boy replied. "He's only a teenager."

"Even better!"

"You never change. Still a cougar, I see."

As the Gods chatted among themselves, a cold looking man with gray hair gazed at the battle from afar. He was holding an exquisite looking helmet in his hand, and he was radiating a deathly aura around his body.

"What are your thoughts about this?" the gray-haired man asked the handsome blue-haired man beside him that was holding a trident in his hand.

"My thoughts?" the blue-haired man snorted. "I wish that those two bastards would show some common etiquette and not fight in someone else's house. Just who do they think they are? They've already destroyed this area and are spreading the damage to others as well!"

"Why don't you stop them then?"

"I can't. Both of them are going all out at the moment. If I'm not careful I might get hit by their lightning bolts. I'll just ask Dias to compensate me later."

The gray-haired man smiled when he saw the frustration on the blue-haired man's face. Clearly, he didn't like what was happening in his turf, but he was powerless to stop the two madmen from their battle that was sending powerful shockwaves in every direction.

—-

Dias brandished his Red Lightning bolt and bashed William towards the sea, creating a gigantic tsunami, with him at its center.

"Perish!" Dias threw the Red Lightning bolt in his hand to obliterate his hated enemy. However, William teleported to where Solais was, dodging the attack by a hair's breadth.

"Not this time, punk!" Dias sneered as the Red Lightning-bolt veered from its trajectory and hit William squarely on the chest, sending him hurtling towards the sky.

The Red Lightning bolt didn't stop there and attacked William from every direction like a living creature out for blood.

Sparks flew from all over William's body as his armor endured all of the attacks that the lightning bolt made. Even so, the Half-Elf still felt pain because of how powerful Dias' lightning bolt had become. It was now over four meters long, and its power was strong enough to obliterate a Myriad Beast at its peak with a single strike.

If not for the fact that William had temporarily gained God-like powers, he might have turned into charcoal by now.

"Two can play that game!" William roared as he hurled Mjolnir towards Dias who had his arms crossed over his chest.

The handsome man sneered as he stretched out his hand to grab the flying hammer mid-flight. However, the moment his hand touched Mjolnir, he felt an unprecedented weight that he couldn't overcome.

The back of Dias' hand smashed into his face when he failed to stop Mjolnir's advance. It sent him tumbling several hundreds of meters in the air before coming to a stop.

Recalling his Red Lightning bolt, he swatted the hammer to the side, sending it swerving in the air back to William's outstretched hand.

As soon as William held Mjolnir in his hand, he turned into a golden lightning bolt to clash with Dias. The latter also turned into a Red Lightning bolt as they collided several times in the air.

After several exchanges, Dias backed away and threw his lightning bolt towards William.

The Half-Elf didn't back down and threw Mjolnir to meet the Red Lightning bolt mid air, creating another powerful explosion that blew both combatants away.

The Red Lightning bolt and Mjolnir seemed to possess lives of their own as they continued to zigzag across the skies as if trying to determine who was the strongest between them.

Seeing that both their weapons wouldn't be returning soon, William and Dias charged at each other, with the intention of beating the crap out of each other.

Dias threw a punch at William, but the latter dodged it. In return, the Half-Elf swung Ruyi Jingu Bang to the handsome man's chest, splitting him in half.

The severed body parts turned into two lightning bolts that attacked William in every direction.

Suddenly, the two lightning bolts merged, making Dias materialize behind William.

"Die!" Dias roared as he smashed his fist on William's back, sending him smashing towards the sea, making the waves rise up hundreds of meters in the air.

Although the attack was painful, William remained uninjured thanks to Sun Wukong's powerful body.

The Half-Elf's eyes glowed golden as he used the Monkey King's "Fiery Golden Eyes" that could see through disguises, illusions, or transformations. Aside from these uses, the eyes were also capable of seeing things from great distances without any problem.

From afar, he could see the Red Lightning bolt and Mjolnir duking it out in the heavens. The two powerful divine weapons seemed hell-bent to fight against each other until only one prevailed.

William had no intention of pulling his helper back because he could feel Mjolnir's unwavering resolve to prove that it was the most powerful thunder and lightning type Divine Weapon in existence.

Dias shared the same thoughts, so he didn't recall his weapon. It was his pride and the symbol of his power. He believed that it wouldn't lose to a puny hammer that happened to also wield the power of thunder and lightning.

The two weapons were not only fighting for themselves, but the pride of their respective owners. As the two divine weapons turned the sky upside down, William and Dias once again clashed, only this time, both of them were only using their fists to duke it out with each other.

Which made the spectating Gods look at them with serious expressions on their faces.