Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 887 - I Will Use Any Kind Of Means To Achieve Victory

The two smashed each other's fist against their opponent's body as they rampaged across the sky.

As if agreeing to an unwritten rule, the two didn't use anything else aside from their pure physical strength.

Dias was over two-meters tall so he towered over William. Even so, the Half-Elf didn't back away and met his attacks head on.

Both of them had ignored defense and just focused on pummeling each other. The Gods who were watching from afar clicked their tongues in dismay upon seeing the barbaric method that the two were using against each other.

'Fool, do you think you can beat me in a fist fight?' Dias sneered internally. 'I am the strongest among the Gods. I will show you that you messed with the wrong person!'

William received Dias' punches and counter-attacked on his own, making the taller God's body shudder with each blow he delivered.

'Fool, you call that a punch? More like a tickle if you ask me.' William eyed Dias in disdain and contempt. 'You dare challenge Sun Wukong's nearly invincible body in a fist fight? Delusional much?'

Sun Wukong's body was not only sturdy, but his strength was also out of this world. Back in the Celestial Realm, the Monkey King could easily lift two Heavenly Mountains, while doing his morning jogs.

Dias might be strong, but his physical strength was no match for Sun Wukong who dared to defy the Heavens and fight the Celestial Army alone.

After a quarter of an hour of brawling, Dias realized that he was starting to take significant injuries from his exchange with William.

The Half-Elf however was still dishing out blows non-stop as if he was just using the handsome man as a warm up.

Dias felt his dignity being challenged by the red-headed teenager in front of him, so he increased the speed and power of his attack, but it was to no avail.

William's body was so strong that Dias felt like he was punching his shield, Aegis, which was indestructible.

After remembering his other regalia, Dias backed away and raised his hand.

Soon, a golden shield appeared in front of him, blocking William's punch and making the Half-Elf's face wince.

"Loser." William snorted before backing away.

"Loser? What nonsense are you talking about," Dias sneered. "In battles, any method can be used as long as it leads to victory. You are still too green."

"And you are a puny and petty God."

"And you are just a mongrel that I will crush with my fist."

William made a come and get me gesture at the handsome man who had lost all dignity in front of him.

"You've been trying to crush me from the beginning, but I'm still uninjured." William ridiculed. "You throw punches like a girl. Weakling!"

A smile appeared on the gray-haired and blue-eyed man's face after hearing the red-headed teenager taunt their brother.

"That phrase alone is enough for you to forgive him, right?" the gray-haired man asked.

"Well, not completely, but it is enough to lower the punishment that I will give him afterward," the blue-haired man replied.

Deep inside, the two men had always wanted to say those words to Dias, but in order to keep the peace between the Sky, Sea, and Earth, they had held their grudges in the depths of their hearts and dealt with each other in a civilized manner, befitting of their ranks.

"You really have a death wish!" Dias roared as he used the shield to bash William's body.

William had tried to punch the shield, but only felt pain on his knuckles afterwards.

The handsome man then used this opportunity to kick William and send him hurtling towards the sky, right in the peanut gallery's direction.

'This F*cking Mofo is cheating!' William cursed internally as he forced himself to stabilize his position.

Just as he was about to regain his posture, his body was caught by a soft and delicate body.

"You are amazing," a seductive voice filled with temptations and carnal promise whispered in William's ears. "How about you forget that brute and spend the night with me?"

"Sorry, but I'll pass," William replied as he pried away the naughty hands that were in the process of removing his clothes. "Now, if you'll excuse me. I still have things to settle with that weakling."

William analyzed his current situation as he charged back to the fray. After several exchanges, with him being blown away by Dias attacks, the Half-Elf finally understood what he was up against.

'My attacks can't break past Aegis' defenses, and this Mofo is using that opportunity to counter attack me,' William thought. 'I guess I have to use that method.'

Dias sneered at William who stood right in front of him.

"Have you given up?" Dias asked in a tone filled with ridicule.

"No," William replied. "Since you decided to play dirty, I will also play dirty. Let's see if your Aegis will be strong enough to block my attack. Prepare yourself, weakling!"

Dias snorted as he took a fighting stance.

"Play dirty? There's no such thing," Dias stated. "I will use any kind of means to achieve victory."

"What a coincidence," William said as he summoned his secret weapon. "I am in complete agreement with your words."

After exchanging words the two once again charged at each other.Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

As Dias drew closer to William, his sixth sense was telling him that he was about to face something dangerous.

The handsome man ignored this warning because he was confident that as long as Aegis was with him, he could take any attack that William could throw at him.

When Dias was only a few dozen meters away from him, a devilish smile appeared on William's face as he brandished his weapon.

"Eat Sh*t Motherf*cker!" William roared as he unleashed a devastating attack that would make anyone, even Gods, feel like dying.

Dias was still unaware what kind of sorcery his opponent was doing, but it didn't matter. He simply raised the shield to block his upper body from William's attack that made the beautiful goddess, who had caught the Half-Elf earlier, grimace in horror.

After seeing the scene in front of them, the spectating Gods all distanced themselves as far away from the battlefield as possible.

Aegis only reacted to things that could potentially deal great damage to its owner. Anything that didn't dish out physical, magical, or spiritual damage would not activate its special ability.

A mountain of "night soil" wasn't something that Aegis considered as a threat to its current owner.

How can a God be injured by excrement?

"Ahhhhhhhhhhh!" Dias' disgusted scream echoed in the surroundings as his entire body was bathed in excrement. He didn't expect that his enemy would do something so disgusting, which made him want to puke.

"Well, that's a whole new level of playing dirty," the teenager wearing winged sandals said with a pale expression on his face. He then covered his mouth as is trying to prevent himself from throwing up the food he had enjoyed eating a while ago.

The other Gods nodded their heads in agreement. They glanced at the Half-Elf, who was holding a chamberpot in his hands, with caution.

It was at that moment when all of them decided to not mess with the madlad, who would go as far as to throw literal sh*t in other people's faces.