Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 890 - Under The Moonlight Where No One Could See

The sound of laughter echoed inside the luxurious hall as many men and women, dressed in beautiful clothes, chatted with each other.

This was the place where the young elites of the country had gathered, and everyone was having fun… except for a young lady, who was surrounded by many good looking men. They were doing their best to invite her to socialize with them, but the lady politely rejected their advances.

Instead of getting dejected, the men didn't back down and considered it as a challenge to make the black-haired beauty's defenses crumble.

Every man who was within the inner circle of society had long wanted to make her their lover.

Even the sons of politicians had tried to pull some strings in the background to make the beautiful lady land in the palms of their hands, but it was to no avail. This only made her more precious because only a lady that couldn't be obtained easily, was a prize worth having in their eyes.

As the night deepened, the lady decided to head outside to take a breather.

Due to her close friends' pestering, she had drank some wine during the party. It was not enough to make her feel intoxicated, but it was more than enough to make her face flush, making her beauty stand out from the rest.

'This is why I hate parties,' the beautiful girl said as she looked at the moon in the sky.

The night breeze blew over her white dress, which made her skirt flutter.

Her parents had personally chosen her dress for the party, which made her the star of the night.

The beautiful girl didn't like the dress because it highlighted the curves of her body, and her back was laid bare for everyone to see.

Normally, she preferred a more conservative dress, but she had made a promise to her parents that she would obey them this once, in exchange for not going through with the arranged marriage that they had been planning for her.

The young lady's parents were worried because their daughter wasn't showing any signs of attraction towards the opposite sex. Even with countless good looking men asking for her hand in marriage, she rejected them all without even batting an eye.

This made her parents think that she was only interested in women, but after observing her for a long time, they didn't notice anything strange with her interactions with her girl friends either.

In the end, they thought that she was Asexual, so they decided to take matters in their own hands and arrange someone to marry her. Unfortunately, the girl discovered their plans and immediately confronted them about it.

After a lengthy discussion, both sides compromised that she would appear at the birthday celebration for the Mayor of the city's second son.

The birthday celebrant was one of her childhood friends, and they had a good relationship. Because of this, the beautiful lady agreed, and wore the dress that her parents had chosen for her.

Naturally, her parents were also at the party and were observing their daughter from the third floor of the most prestigious hotel in the city.

They watched as she became the highlight of the party, and even the birthday celebrant wasn't able to take his eyes off her.

In the end, when the young man asked her to be his first dance, she reluctantly agreed in order to not make him lose face in front of his guests at the party.

However, after the dance ended, the beautiful lady refused the other invitations by the other young men, who were also going to the same university as her.

Her movements didn't escape the eyes of her admirers.

One by one, they made excuses and followed her outside to the gardens, to the dismay of the other ladies in the party who were looking to form connections with the eligible young men within their circle.

Sensing their approach, the beautiful woman decided to increase her pace and headed for the Hedge Maze that the hotel was very famous for.

When the young men realized what she was planning to do, they deliberately slowed their pace to allow her to get a head start.

This particular Hedge Maze had been featured in several magazines within the city, and was even listed as the biggest in the country. It spanned over four thousand square meters, and an individual would take, at the very least, more than an hour to reach its exit.

The hotel staff had already anticipated that some people might try to challenge the maze during the party, so they placed lighting in strategic locations in order to allow that someone to see their path clearly.

After the beautiful lady had entered the maze, the young men glanced at each other with wolfish grins before entering the maze.

Each of them only had one thought in mind and that was to find the beautiful lady who had been the apple of their eyes for many years. If they were lucky, they would even have the chance to get ahead of the others, and make the most popular girl in the university their lover before the party was over.

The black-haired beauty knew that if she followed the path that led to the exit, the people following her would catch up to her sooner or later.

Because of this, she intentionally veered off path and headed to the places that her pursuers would overlook.

Half an hour later, the men who had entered the maze had all separated from each other. This was not the first time that they had entered the maze, so they wouldn't get lost inside it even if they chose to go down the wrong path.

The beautiful lady panted as she stopped at one of the small clearings in the maze that had a fountain.

She was feeling light-headed due to stress, exhaustion, and the drink she had earlier in the party.

Just as she was about to catch her breath, she heard the sound of footsteps headed in her direction.

Because of this, she immediately headed to one of the exits of the clearing in order to escape one of her pursuers. However, she had only taken a few steps when a hand wrapped around her waist, while another hand covered her lips, preventing her from screaming.

She was then pulled into the dark area of the clearing, where the light wasn't too bright.

Half a minute later, the birthday celebrant appeared in the clearing and scanned the surroundings, looking for possible traces of the young beauty that he was trying to catch.

After seeing that his target had already moved on, he chose one of the paths heading west, and disappeared not long after.

The beautiful lady tried to break away from her captor, but it was to no avail. The man was stronger than her, and no matter what she did, she couldn't escape his grasp.

It was at that moment when a teasing tone reached her ears, and it made her body unconsciously stiffen.

"A beautiful lady wearing a dress as revealing as this and walking into a maze alone in the middle of the night is just asking for trouble," a teasing voice said. "A delicious sheep like you out in the open will make any wolf go crazy."

The black-haired beauty slowly turned her head to look at the man who was holding her in place.

Suddenly, a tear fell down, followed by another as the beautiful girl gazed at the young man, with red hair and green eyes that looked back at her with a tender gaze.

The young man smiled and removed the hand that was covering her soft, and seductive lips.

The same lips that he had kissed a few years ago.

"Am I dreaming?" the black-haired beauty asked as she cupped the young man's face with her delicate hands. "Is this a dream?"

A chuckle escaped the young man's lips as he pressed his hand over the young lady's right hand that was cupping his face.

"Actually, I was about to ask you the same question," the red-headed teenager said with a smile. "Am I dreaming? If yes then I don't mind staying in this dream for a little while longer."

The tears on the beautiful lady's eyes fell like rain. The emotions that she had been holding back for the past year surged like a thunderous river that blew away all obstacles in its path.

"Me, too," the beautiful lady replied as she wrapped her arms around the head of the young man that had given his heart to her. "If this is a dream, I don't mind dreaming a little while longer."

The black-haired beauty tiptoed and pressed her soft lips on the young man's lips.

The red-headed teenager returned the kiss eagerly and wrapped his arms around the young lady's body, feeling her warmth and fragrance that he had missed dearly.

When he first saw her, he didn't recognize her right away. Such was the extent of the memories that he had lost over time.

However, even if he couldn't fully remember who she was, his heart and body did. Before he could even do anything, his body had already moved on his own and grabbed hold of the black-haired beauty, pulling her in his embrace.

Only when he had dragged her into the corner of the maze, and held her firmly in his arms, did the remaining memories of his past life allow him to identify her.

The red-headed teenager's heart ached at the thought of no longer remembering the precious person he was holding in his arms. It hurt him so much that he threw caution to the wind, and simply let his love carve these new precious memories into his soul.

Soon, the sound of kissing echoed in that small clearing. Both of them didn't care if they were discovered, and simply allowed themselves to let their emotions take over their senses.

Under the moonlight, where no one else could see, two people who had been separated by an insurmountable distance, once again held each other in a loving embrace. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com