Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 892 - Where Do You Want To Sleep Tonight?

Skuld smiled as she held William's hand.

"Big Brother, I believe in you," Skuld said. "Till we meet again."

"Till we meet again," William replied as he gave Skuld one last hug.

After taking a step back he gave Urd and Verdandi a bow before taking a step towards the portal that they had opened for him.

As soon as he stepped inside it, he was covered with a bright light. He was off to the place where the Norns had asked him to go, and entrusted a mission to him that only he could complete.

"Don't have any regrets, Big Brother," Skuld shouted as William took a step inside the portal. "... because it will be too late for regrets."

—--

When the light receded from William's vision, the first thing he saw was a beautiful lady with long, silky black hair.

The lady's face was flushed, and her expression wasn't looking that well, so the Half-Elf assumed that she might be in some kind of trouble.

William didn't recognize her right away until his heart started to beat wildly inside his chest. His hazy memories started to churn, as if unearthing something that had long been forgotten.

Suddenly, William heard footsteps headed in their direction. The beautiful lady's face immediately paled when she, too, heard the sound of someone approaching her location.

The first thing she did was to head to one of the exits of the clearing, but before she could do that, William's body had unconsciously moved and pulled the black-haired beauty in his embrace.

For some reason, he didn't want the person that was coming their way to find her. He suddenly felt overprotective all of a sudden, and he couldn't understand why he was feeling this way.

As he backed into the corner of the clearing, away from the light, he made sure to cover her lips, so she wouldn't be able to make a sound.

It was then, when a name appeared in his mind, as her warmth, softness, and scent assaulted his senses.

'Belle,' William thought as a surge of emotions rose up from his heart. 'Her name is Belle… right?'

It was at that moment when a young man who seemed to be the same age as the lady in his arms, appeared in the clearing. He had a look of yearning on his face, as he scanned his surroundings.

William used his power to shield their presence from the man, preventing him from looking in their direction.

When the man finally left, William tried to compose the raging emotions that were burning inside his heart.

"A beautiful lady wearing a dress as revealing as this and walking into a maze alone in the middle of the night is just asking for trouble," William said in a teasing voice. "A delicious sheep like you out in the open will make any wolf go crazy."

He wasn't able to stop himself from saying these words, because he was one of those wolves at the moment.

He loved her so much that it hurt.

It hurt because he knew that he was starting to lose his memories of her and it made him anxious deep inside his heart.

The black-haired beauty slowly turned her head to look at the man who was holding her in place.

William watched as a tear fell down the side of her face, followed by another. His heart melted at the sight. He then removed his hand that covered her soft and seductive lips and stared into her eyes tenderly.

"Am I dreaming?" Belle asked as she cupped Wiliam's face with her delicate hands. "Is this a dream?"

William chuckled. His beloved had said the same thing that was on his mind, and he was very eager to know if he was dreaming or not.

He raised his hand to hold the hand that was cupping his face and smiled.

"Actually, I was about to ask you the same question," William said. "Am I dreaming? If yes then I don't mind staying in this dream for a little while longer."

Those were his heartfelt feelings, for he didn't know if this would be the last time that he would remember the girl whom he had given, not only his love, but his heart as well.

The tears that hovered on the edges of Belle's eyes fell like rain. The emotions that she had been holding back for the past year surged like a thunderous river that blew away all obstacles in its path.

"Me, too," Belle replied as she wrapped her arms around William's head. "If this is a dream, I don't mind dreaming a little while longer."

The black-haired beauty tiptoed and pressed her soft lips on the young man's lips.

That was then when Wiliam tasted happiness, and knew for certain that he wasn't dreaming.

—--

"Oh my! Such a handsome young man!" a beautiful lady said as she appraised William from head to foot. "So, you are my daughter's fiance?"

"Yes, Mother," William replied. "My name is William. It's a pleasure to meet you."

"Good! I knew that Belle wasn't a late bloomer." Belle's mother, Adelle, clapped her hands in happiness. "Have you eaten? If not, I can ask our cook to make something for you."

"It's fine, Mother. I have already eaten."

"Awww, don't be like that. I want to pamper the boy that had captured my daughter's heart. Are you sure you don't want to eat anything?"

Before William could answer Adele's question, Raymond cleared his throat before glaring at the red-headed teenager who was getting chummy with his wife.

"Boy, don't you think it's about time to tell us more about yourself?" Raymond asked. "Also, I haven't agreed to your relationship with my daughter. Belle, just where did you meet this boy?"

Belle smiled as she held onto William's arm. "Father, I think we should move to the living room. It's not good to have a discussion while standing at the entrance of our house."

"Oh, dear me, I almost forgot!" Adele hurriedly grabbed William's free hand and pulled him inside their house. "I want to know more about you, William. So, let us talk inside."

"As you wish, Mother," William replied, which made Adele chuckle.

Although this was the first time she was meeting William, she could tell that Belle wasn't using the red-headed teenager as a prop to prevent them from finding a suitable partner for her.

Adele could see the way her daughter looked at William. It was filled with love and affection. She was a businesswoman, and had dealt with many kinds of people in her career to know when someone was just faking something or not.

Belle's feelings were genuine, and the thing that made her very happy was that William also felt the same way towards her daughter.

'I want to know more about him,' Adele mused. 'I want to know more about the young man that made my darling daughter fall in love.'

As soon as everyone arrived in the living room, Belle guided William to a couch and sat beside him.

Adele and Raymond, on the other hand, sat on the couch opposite theirs.

"Carol, please prepare tea for all of us," Adele ordered the Head Maid of their residence.

"Right away, My Lady." Carol bowed and left the living room to prepare some refreshments for everyone.

Fifteen minutes later, tea was served and several snacks were laid out on the small table in the living room.

Raymond, who had an impatient look on his face, didn't even touch his tea. He merely crossed his arms over his chest as he glared at William who was enjoying his daughter's affection.

"Brat, I'll give you ten milliion. Take it and never show your face in front of me again," Raymond said in a threatening tone. "If you think that ten million is not enough, I'll double it. But, you better sign a contract that you will stay away from my daughter. If you do this, I will turn a blind eye on this matter and we can part ways without any hard feelings. What do you say?"

Belle glanced at her father with a pout. Just a day ago, her father was doing his best to make her look very attractive in the hope that several young men would take an interest in her.

Now that she had told her father that she already had a fiance, Raymond had a change of heart and wanted to chase William away.

Seeing her daughter's pouting face, Adele stood up and pulled Raymond in the corner of the living room.

"Adele, that brat doesn't suit our daughter," Raymond said without even bothering to lower his voice. "How can I possibly accept a random stranger claiming to be Belle's fiance? I will not accept it!"

He had every intention of making sure William heard his complaint. This was to make sure that the red-headed teenager would understand that Raymond had no intention of welcoming him into his family.

"Dear, listen," Adele said with a sweet smile on her face. "I came here to tell you that you only have three choices."

"Three choices?" Raymond frowned. "What three choices?"

Adele's smile widened as she playfully rearranged her husband's necktie.

"The first choice is to sleep on the bed.

The second choice is to sleep on the floor.

The third choice is to sleep in the doghouse."

Adele tightened the necktie on Raymond's neck, which made the latter feel a chill run down his spine.

"Tell me, Dear," Adele said with a smile that didn't reach her eyes. "Where do you want to sleep tonight?"Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com