Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 893 - Please, Let Me Marry Your Daughter

"When I first saw Belle, it was love at first sight," William said as he intertwined his fingers with Belle's. "But, she was like the moon in the sky that was far away from my reach. For me, she was like a fairy that had come out of a fairy tale. If I was rich back then, I would have sued her for stealing my heart."

"Oh, my!" Adele giggled when he heard William's words. She loved listening to William's voice because it was rich with emotions. Also, the red-headed teenager was very handsome. He was more handsome than the young men that she, and Raymond, had planned to introduce to Belle in the hope that a spark would happen between them.

Adele felt that she no longer had to do something troublesome because it was very clear that her daughter and William were very much in love. Belle's mother swore then and there that if someone were to make the two of the lovebirds break up, she would hack them to pieces using a cursed chainsaw that she had bought in an auction house not long ago.

Belle, on the other hand, blushed as she rested her head on William's shoulder. She felt embarrassed and proud at the same time because the Half-Elf didn't shy away from sharing his heartfelt feelings with her family.

Raymond, on the other hand, was gnashing his teeth in anger. If looks could kill, William would have died a thousand times over already. Right now, he was forced to keep his silence, or else, he would be sleeping in the doghouse tonight.

"Then, how about you, Belle?" Adele asked. "How did you and William become a couple?"

Belle smiled as she fondly recalled that bitter sweet memory that happened a year ago.

"Do you remember when I went to the villa in the countryside to recuperate?" Belle asked. "It was there that I met William."F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Adele and Raymond nodded their heads. When Belle had returned from the countryside, she had become livelier and she was smiling a lot, too. Because of this, both of them felt that a thorn had been pulled out of their hearts.

Their baby daughter, who had been depressed for a very long time, finally started to open up again and this made them incredibly happy.

Although Raymond was still staring daggers at William, a bit of his resentment disappeared when he heard his daughter's words. Belle was very precious to them. If William really played a role in her recovery then he could grudgingly give the boy a chance.

"When I saw him, he was eating grass and flowers at the flowerfield," Belle giggled. "After he realized that they weren't delicious, he started to spit them out one by one."

William wanted to roll his eyes at the black-haired beauty who was obviously slandering his good name in front of her parents.

Adele chuckled, and Raymond snorted.

What William didn't know was that his beloved girl was just lowering the tension in her father, in order for him to listen to her tale properly.

Raymond had indeed found Belle's description of the boy funny enough. In his head, he had already labeled William as a country bumpkin.

"Do you see his ears?" Belle inquired as he playfully pulled on them. "You see, he is the only Half-Elf in this world, which makes him one of a kind. Look at his clothes. Have you seen this design before?"

Adele and Raymond had noticed the peculiarity of Wiliam's ears and robes, but neither of them were fazed by it. They had already seen teenagers in T.V wear colorful outfits called cosplayers, so they thought that Wiliam was one of them.

Seeing the reaction of her parents, Belle continued her tale. She told them about how she and William dressed up like pirates during the festival in the countryside, and visited all the stalls in the shrine.

The black-haired beauty's voice mellowed when she came to the part where she and William had visited a stall that sold jewelry.

Belle then raised her hand to show her parents the ring on her finger.

"The name of this ring is the Ring of Vega," Belle said as he glanced at William. The Half-Elf understood what she wanted him to do, so he raised his hand and showed Belle's parents the ring on his ring finger.

"The ring on William's hand is called the Ring of Altair," Belle narrated. "They are the two stars that represent the tale of the star-crossed lovers during the Star Festival. Right now, we are those two star-crossed lovers who can only meet on very rare occasions."

"How romantic…" Adele said while sighing. "Dear, why didn't you come up with something similar when the two of us were dating? You should learn from our daughter and William."

Raymond sighed as he grudgingly admitted that he wasn't as romantic as William when he was at the boy's age. Back then, he was busy pursuing his studies in medicine and had very little time to go out on dates with his wife, Adele.

Belle's father then held his wife's hand and held it firmly. Although it had been many years since the two of them had been married, their feelings for each other didn't die down and continued to remain strong through the test of time.

Belle smiled as she looked at her parents who had entwined their fingers together, just like her beloved Half-Elf.

"It is quite regrettable that during our visit to the temple, we had an argument, which prompted me to run away from him." Belle sighed as she remembered that sad memory. "Back then, I knew that William had very important things to do, but I was selfish and tried to force him to stay with me."

Belle looked at William apologetically, but the Half-Elf only smiled and nodded his head.

"In the end, under that firework-lit sky, we exchanged our vows of love to each other," Belle said softly. "After that, he left me with the promise that we would meet again… and today, he kept his promise."

Belle wasn't able to stop her overflowing feelings as she moved towards William and kissed his cheek in front of her parents.

Adele and Raymond watched this scene with surprise because ever since the red-headed teenager had appeared, their daughter was showing expressions that they hadn't seen before.

Belle's love-filled gaze was enough for them to know that this whole thing wasn't an act, and the two of them weren't pretending to be lovers.

Raymond knew deep inside that if he really got in the way of his daughter's love, she would hate him for life.

"Papa, Mama, the one I love is William," Belle declared. "He is the only one that I plan to marry in this lifetime. Please, give us your blessings."

William held Belle's hand firmly as he gazed at Adele and Raymond, who were looking at him with complicated gazes.

"I can't promise that I will always be there when Belle needs me," William said. "I have circumstances that prevent me from being with her all the time. However, I can promise you that whenever we are together, I will love her with all of my heart and do everything in my power to make her happy."

William stood and bowed his head. "Please, let me marry your daughter."

The Half-Elf didn't know how long he could stay on Earth. The only thing he didn't want was to have regrets.

After seeing Belle being pursued by another man in that dark and gloomy maze, he understood that time didn't wait for anyone.

If he missed this opportunity, there might be no other chance again. So, with every fiber of his being, he wanted to gain the acceptance of Belle's parents as their daughter's husband.

Adele and Raymond exchanged a glance.

"It might be a little too soon for a marriage," Adele said. "We need to think about this properly."

Even she, who supported her daughter's love, felt that marriage was too soon for her daughter. Also, although she had a good impression of William, she didn't know much about him. Her plan was to gradually know more about Belle's fiance, before giving her permission for the two to get married.

Raymond was of the same mind. Although he had already considered the possibility of William marrying her daughter, he simply didn't know anything about the red-headed teenager.

No decent father would allow his daughter to marry a complete stranger without even knowing his family's background.

"I understand," William nodded. "But, please, know that I am serious in my feelings for Belle."

Adele and Raymond nodded. For now, they had accepted that the two were in love with each other, so they would no longer get in the way in their relationship.

What they wanted now was to know more about William. This would undoubtedly take some time.

Time that the Half-Elf didn't have…