Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 894 - Let's Create Beautiful Memories Together

William laid on the bed of the guestroom, completely exhausted from the day's events.

He looked up at the ceiling and tried to recall how he appeared back on Earth, but the haze in his head wouldn't go away.

The last thing he remembered was saying goodbye to Hebe and the Nymphs before entering the Hall of Thunder.

After that he was engulfed by a bright light, and the next thing he knew, he was standing in a clearing, looking at Belle.

'Is the Hall of Thunder connected to Earth?' William thought. 'If it is… can I bring it inside my Domain so I can visit Belle anytime?'

William had no recollection of meeting Urd, Verdandi, and Skuld inside the Hall of Thunder. He wasn't even aware of why he had appeared on Earth.

Even so, his instincts were telling him that he had arrived on Earth for a reason. A reason that he couldn't remember.

Just as William was trying to break through the haze in his mind, the door of the guest room opened.

The Half-Elf's ears had picked up the sound of someone entering his room. Even so, he wasn't afraid. There was no one on Earth that could threaten him, so he decided to close his eyes and pretended to sleep.

His senses had extended outside his body and locked in on the person that was turning the doorknob of the bedroom as quietly as possible.

When the door opened, the person quietly came in and slowly closed the door behind her.

After making sure that the man on the bed was not stirring, the person approached the bed stealthily like a thief about to steal something important.

The person then reached out to touch William's face, but before the hand could even come close, William's hand had sprang up and held it firmly in his hand.

"Ouch!" the person cried out, which made the Half-Elf immediately release the hand he was holding.

"Sorry," William replied as he applied healing magic to the bruised wrist that he had grabbed. "I thought that your father had sent someone to assassinate me."

"My father is a doctor," Belle replied with a pout. "He would not send someone to kill his daughter's fiance, especially with Mama around."

William smiled as he pulled Belle close to him.

Belle didn't resist and allowed herself to be hugged by the person whom she had always thought of since the day that they parted from each other.

"You're very bold," William whispered in her ears. "Aren't you worried that your parents will barge in here and drag you away?"

Belle shook her head. "No. Because I know that you won't let them drag me away."

The two stared at each other before Belle raised her chin and closed her eyes. William cupped her face, and kissed her soft lips until both of them panted for breath.

"Will, you promised that you would tell me everything," Belle said as she laid her head on William's chest. The two of them had lain down on the bed together, but aside from kisses, and words of love, the two didn't make a move to cross that final line.

It was as if both of them had agreed on an unwritten rule that they had set upon themselves.

"Okay," William replied as he lightly brushed her head. "Where do you want me to start?"

"From the time since we parted during the festival."

"This will be a very long story. Are you sure?"

Belle nodded. "Tomorrow is Sunday, I don't have to go to the university."

"What about your parents?" William asked. "They might not like it if they find out that their only daughter spent the night with the stranger they brought under their roof."Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"Well, I guess you will just have to take responsibility and tell them that we did it."

"You're very bold. What do you think would happen if I did that?"

Belle giggled. "Papa would kill you for sure, but I'm not afraid. Even if you die, I will go to where you are without fail."

William planted a kiss on Belle's forehead. He was very touched by Belle's words. Although he wouldn't allow such a thing to happen, knowing that she had resolved herself to do such a thing made him fall in love with her all over again.

'Please, Gods in the Heavens, have mercy upon me,' William prayed as he held the love of his life in his embrace. 'Don't take my memories of her away from me. I beg you… I beg you.'

William's body shuddered in sadness as he held Belle in his arms. The memories he had of her that had been lost, could never be restored.

"Belle, I love you," William said as he lovingly cupped her face. "Always have, always will."

"I love you too, Will," Belle replied as she took the initiative to get up enough to kiss his lips for a brief moment. "Even if you forget, I will remember. Forever and ever."

As if a string had snapped inside William's heart, his fears and worries rose up to the surface, causing him and then Belle to sit up again.

He didn't tell her about the things that happened when they parted. No, he didn't tell her that.

Instead, he told her about his greatest fear.

The fear of waking up one day, not being able to remember her face, her voice, and her name.

Belle held Wiliam's trembling body, until he fell asleep in her arms.

The black-haired beauty laid her beloved on the bed and lay down beside him. She wiped away the tear stains on William's face with her soft and delicate fingers.

When he told her that he was constantly losing his memories of her, the black-haired beauty felt an ache in her chest.

Because of this, she made a decision.

"Will, no matter what happens, I will make you remember me," Belle said softly as she held William's body that had started to turn cold. "Even if you lose all of your memories, I will find a way. So, don't be afraid."

Belle closed her eyes and listened to William's heartbeat that matched her own.

"Let's create beautiful memories together," Belle whispered in the sleeping Half-Elf's ears. "Memories that even the laws of the world… cannot erase completely."