Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 895 - Your Daughter Is In Good Hands

The soft and gentle breeze blew past the open window. Inside the guest room, William opened his eyes and saw Belle's sleeping face.

The black-haired beauty was sound asleep, and her sleeper breaths told him that it would take a while before she woke up.

William gazed at her. If possible, he wanted to touch and caress her face, but if he did that, there was a chance that she would wake up due to his meddling.

The Half-Elf didn't want that to happen. For Belle, only a year had passed since that fateful day in the countryside. The day when the two of them bid each other goodbye, without knowing when the two of them would see each other again.

The memories of what happened a few hours ago resurfaced in William's memory, and it made him slightly embarrassed.

He had never been a cry baby, but for the past year, he couldn't remember how many times he had cried due to the things that he had experienced.

Meeting Celine and stepping on the stairways of adulthood with her…

His journey with Chiffon inside the Tower of Babylon…

His marriage with Princess Sidonie…

His time with Lilith and his future daughter, Raizel, in the Deadlands…

Seeing Amalthea and fighting against Dias…

And now… meeting Belle on Earth.Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

"Maybe this is a reward for all of my hard work," William muttered as he stared at the girl that he had loved in his past lifetime. "... Yeah, right."

William didn't know why he had appeared on Earth, but in his heart, he knew that there must be a reason for it.

A reason that he couldn't discover through the haze in his memories.

The Half-Elf moved closer towards Belle's face, and planted a kiss on her cheek. He did his best to endure, but his heart was adamant, so there was nothing he could do.

Just as he expected, the moment his kiss had finished, the black-haired beauty's eyes fluttered open.

Belle stared sleepily at William who was only a few inches away from her face.

"Good morning," Belle said before briefly kissing William's lips. "Wake me up after five minutes."

After saying those words, Belle once again closed her eyes and slept.

William blinked as he stared at the black-haired beauty who had once again fallen asleep in the span of a heartbeat. He didn't know what to think or do in this situation because it felt surreal to him.

Just as he was about to think what to do next, the door of the guest room opened and a fuming Raymond barged inside the room.

"Y-You! What do you think you're doing to my daughter?!" Raymond shouted as he pointed his finger at William. "Do you have a death wish?!"

Adele also entered the room and looked at the two teenagers who were sharing the same bed.

One quick glance and she already knew that nothing out of place had happened because the bed was tidy, and both of them were wearing clothes.

A part of her was happy because William wasn't like those other young men who thought with their lower half. However, a part of her was also disappointed. If something really had happened between William and Belle then wouldn't that mean that they would have to have the wedding soon?

That way, she could hold her darling grandkids after a year or two.

"Father, don't worry," William said as he stared fearlessly back at Raymond. "I will take full responsibility."

"The only thing that you will take responsibility for is offering me your head!"

"Father, please calm down, Belle is still sleeping. You will wake her up."

Adele chuckled before pointing at the sleeping beauty on the bed. "I think it's already too late for that."

The black-haired beauty yawned and propped herself on a seating position. She then stared at her father in a grumpy mood as if Raymond had gotten in the way of her happiness.

"Belle, you are a proper lady," Raymond said in a righteous tone. "If other people come to know that you've slept with a man before the two of you got married, your reputation will suffer!"

Belle ignored her father's words and held William's hand.

"Let's have breakfast together," Belle stated. "What would you like to eat for breakfast?"

William pondered for a bit before remembering his pink-haired wife, and Sixth Master who loved to eat pancakes in the mornings.

"Pancakes will do," William replied with a smile.

"Okay. I'll go back to my room to change. I'll come back here after I'm done."

"Understood."

The black-haired beauty pecked William's lips before greeting Raymond and Adele good morning. After she was done, she left the room in a casual manner as if being seen in a man's room early in the morning was not a big deal.

Raymond's face had already turned beet red from anger because Belle didn't seem to care about the words he had said earlier.

Adele could only smile helplessly as she tried to coax her husband to calm down.

"Belle might be entering that so-called rebellious stage," Adele said. "If we try to control her at this time, she would probably run away and elope with William without telling us."

"Not if I kill this bastard first!" Raymond angrily glared at the Half-Elf who was looking at the items in his storage ring for something to wear.

After seeing that he didn't have any clothes that wouldn't stand out on Earth, he decided to access the God Shop and bought himself a set of shorts and shirt that were stylish enough to match the fashion on Earth.

William immediately equipped the items he bought, and in just a matter of seconds his clothes had changed completely.

It was also at that moment when the room suddenly quieted down. William's gaze then landed on Raymond and Adele and almost slapped himself silly for forgetting that he was not alone inside the room.

"Y-You. What was that just now?!" Raymond asked as he looked at William in disbelief.

"William, dear, did you just change your clothes instantly?" Adele inquired. Although her expression wasn't as exaggerated as her husband, the surprise on her face was something that she couldn't hide. "This is the first time I've seen someone do that. How did you do it?"

The gears on William's head churned at a very fast rate as he tried to bullsh*t his way out of the mess that he had just made.

"A-Actually, I am a magician," William replied. "I can do magic."

"A Magician?"

"Magic?"

Raymond and Adele looked at William with doubtful expressions on their faces. Seeing their disbelieving faces, William decided to press while the iron was hot and decided to tell them the truth.

"Actually, I am a Half-Elf that came from a magical world called Hestia," William stated. "It is a very wonderful place. I wish the two of you could see it!"

"I knew it!" Raymond smiled evilly. "So you are a nut job! I knew that there was something off about you when I saw you!"

Adele, on the other hand, sighed as she lightly patted her husband's arm.

"Dear, William is one of those cosplayers," Adele explained. "It just be the backstory of the character he is trying to portray, right, William?"

The corner of the Half-Elf's lips twitched. He had already expected this to happen, but after seeing the reaction of Belle's parents, he knew that neither of them would believe anything he said even if it was the truth.

Just as William was thinking of a way to fix the current situation, Belle once again entered William's room with a smile.

"Let's go have breakfast," Belle said as she pulled William off the bed. "I already asked the kitchen to prepare pancakes. They will be serving it soon."

"Okay," William replied as he held her hand firmly. Her simple gesture of pulling him off the bed warmed his heart because it felt so natural.

"Absolutely not!" Raymond interjected. "It's time for you to leave the house you nut job! You're lucky I'm allowing you to leave this place in one piece. How dare you kidnap my daughter into your room? If you don't leave now, I will call the police!"

Adele ignored her husband's ravings and walked towards William and Belle. She knew her husband's temperament, so she decided to take the initiative to make her daughter happy.

"The weather is good today," Adele said with a smile. "After breakfast, why don't the two of you go out on a date? Belle rarely goes out of the house, and I'm worried that she will grow up to be a recluse. What do you think, Will? Can you take her out on a date?"

William patted his chest with confidence as he gave his mother-in-law four thumbs up in his heart. With such a powerful helper working behind the scenes, it was only a matter of time before he and Belle could say I do.

"Of course, Mother," William answered with a dazzling smile that almost caused Raymond to suffer an aneurysm. "Your daughter is in good hands."

William was quite happy that Adele was very supportive of his relationship with her daughter.

The Half-Elf even had a very strong urge to let Adele meet his Grandpa, James, so that they could talk about the details of his wedding with Belle.

He knew that if the two of them were to join hands, William's and Belle's wedding would already be in the bag.

William understood that it would take a while for Raymond to accept him as Belle's fiance, but he wasn't too worried about it. After all, the one he would marry was Belle and not her father.