Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 896 - I Will Give You The Happiest Of Endings

William looked at the full body mirror with a serious expression.

Right now he was wearing black jeans, a white shirt, and black blazer jacket.

This set of clothes highlighted his red hair and green eyes and made him look like a model that had come out of a fashion magazine.

"It's a bit embarrassing, but this might be the first time I've gone out on a date with someone," William muttered as he looked at his reflection in the mirror.

He almost wanted to slap himself because he hadn't spent some quality time with his wives and lovers by taking them out on a date.

'I failed big time,' William thought as he massaged his face with his hands. 'I'll definitely find some time and take them out on a date after I return to Hestia.'

There were occasions when he had spent some quality time with them on the beach, and inside his domain, but it was more of a recreational activity rather than a date.

The closest thing to a date that he had experienced was when Haleth had toured him, Chiffon, and Lilith, in the Port City of Alabaster.

While the Half-Elf was busy reprimanding himself, the door of his room opened and a black-haired beauty wearing a black, one piece dress, with a skirt that went down to her knees entered the room.

William's breath was caught in his throat as he turned around to look at Belle who was sizing him up and down.

"You look very handsome," Belle complimented. She then walked towards William and held onto his blazer jacket and gazed at his face with a sweet smile.

"And you look breathtaking," William replied as he wrapped his hand around Belle's waist. "Maybe you should change to a more dull looking dress. I don't want other men looking at you like hungry wolves that have been starving for days."

Belle's smile widened. "Then, you should do your best to keep them at bay. The only one I will allow to take a bite off me is you."

"Don't worry. If anyone dares, I will break their bones," William stated. "The only way they can touch a strand of your hair is over my dead body."

Belle frowned. She then pinched William's nose and gave the Half-Elf a serious gaze.

"Don't raise death flags." Belle admonished. "I want a happily ever after. You can do that, can't you?"

"I can and I will."

"Promise me."

William took a step back and kneeled like a knight while holding Belle's right hand.

"I promise you that I will give you the happiest of endings." William vowed. "Regardless of the obstacles that come our way, I will break all the walls that stand before me, just so I can be with you once again."

The Half-Elf then kissed Belle's hand as if sealing his promise.

It was at that moment when the two heard a squeal of happiness come from the direction of the door.

Adele was recording William's pledge using her cellphone. Belle's mother was about to send the romantic video to all of her close friends in Feysbook, Instadrum, and Tweeter in order to brag about her daughter's fiance, when her phone was grabbed by an embarrassed Belle.

The black-haired beauty was about to delete the video, but Adele managed to snatch back the phone before she did.

A minute later, the two had started to negotiate with each other. In the end, the video wasn't deleted, but Adele wasn't allowed to post it or share it with anyone.

William watched this scene with an amused expression on his face. Frankly, he didn't mind if Adele sent the video for the whole world to see. In fact, he would even support her if she did.

That way, everyone would know that Belle was already taken. This would prevent those young master's from influential families from trying to get close to Belle, which would in turn make them suffer from William's face slapping.

Ten minutes later, Adele waved at the couple who had boarded one of their family's cars.

Although Belle came straight home after classes from the University, her girl friends would always tell her about the places their boyfriends took them out on dates.

She marked these places on her cellphone, and asked their family driver to drop them off at one of the most famous cafes in the city called Starbox.

As soon as William and Belle entered the cafe, they immediately caught the attention of everyone. Even the waitress, who had led the two to an empty seat in the shop's balcony, couldn't help but steal glances at the red-headed teenager who was oozing with pheromones.

Just as the two were about to take their orders, two pretty ladies approached their tables with excited faces.

"Belle? Is it really you?" a pretty lady with short-brown hair asked.

"Paula?" Belle's eyes widened in shock because she didn't expect to see her two besties inside the cafe. "You're here too, Hana? What are the two of you doing here?"

The girl with shoulder-length black hair, who went by the name Hana, smirked at Belle who was looking at them with a shocked expression.

"We should be the one asking you that," Hana replied. "We have tried to invite you to come here countless times already but you refused us each and every time. When we saw you enter the cafe, we almost didn't recognize you!"

Hana then shifted her gaze to William and appraised the handsome young man with a critical gaze.

"So, this is your type of man," Hana nodded. "Not bad. As expected of our University's Belle, you have good taste."

William smiled as he gazed at the two pretty girls beside Belle. He recognized the two of them because they had been friends with Belle for a very long time.Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

In fact, he remembered them more than he remembered Belle, which made William shake his head helplessly. The memories that were being taken from him as of late were the important ones, which had Belle in them.

Although he couldn't remember them, the fact that the black-haired beauty's two sidekicks were more familiar to him than his beloved made his liver itch.

Paula, the girl with short brown hair grabbed a nearby chair and sat casually beside Belle. Hana followed suit, and the two ladies flanked the black-haired beauty on her left and right side.

"Belle, why did you suddenly disappear during the party yesterday?" Paula pouted. "Hana and I went to look for you, but we never found you."

"That's right!" Hana nodded. "I just took my eyes off you for a minute and the next minute you're gone! Of course, I also noticed that several of the good looking guys had disappeared when you left and connected the dots. So, did you manage to escape from them?"

"Yes," Belle answered. "Sorry. Many things happened so I was unable to say my goodbyes to the two of you."

"Hohoho, many things happened eh?" Paula's gaze shifted over to William as a mischievous smile appeared on her face. "Does that something have red hair and green eyes?"

Belle's face became beet red because she couldn't possibly tell her besties that they were right.

Unfortunately for her, the two pretty ladies had known her for a very long time and could read her expression like an open book.

Paula and Hana exchanged a knowing glance before staring at the red-headed teenager that was pretending to take a serious look at the menu of the cafe.

Both girls knew that Belle wasn't someone who would come with just any man to a cafe.

It was quite obvious to them that Belle had a good impression of the handsome man in front of them, and they were dying to know more about him.

Just like Belle's parents, they thought that their best friend was asexual, and had no interest in the opposite sex. Many men had already confessed to her, but all of them were politely rejected by her. This was why William piqued their curiosity.

They were like paparazzis who had found a juicy scoop. Because of this, the two girls decided to observe the handsome young man for now.

Paula and Hana wanted to know why their best friend, who had never had a relationship with any man, would suddenly wear a pretty dress and come to a cafe with the red-headed teenager that they were seeing for the first time in their lives.