Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 897 - Comparing The Sun And The Moon

"How did the two of you meet?" Hana asked.

"Also, who confessed first?" Paula added.

William took a sip of his coffee before answering the questions of the two pretty ladies who were looking at him like reporters who discovered the biggest scoop in their lifetime.

The Half-Elf smiled as he placed his coffee cup on the table. He was more than happy to answer their inquiry, and let them spread the news that Belle was his girlfriend.

"I met her when I visited the university to take the entrance exams," William answered. "It was love at first sight. Unfortunately the timing wasn't right. My parents suddenly had a job offer abroad, so they took me with them.

"However, before I left, I went to meet her one last time and confessed my feelings to her. She said that she would think about it, and we kept each other's contact numbers. As the years passed, our relationship became closer.

"After reaching a compromise with my parents, I decided to come back here to see her. I arrived yesterday and immediately invited her out on a date. Just between the three of us, I am also planning to propose to her, wish me luck!"

The two pretty ladies squealed after hearing William's bold words. They never thought that Belle had been talking to a boy behind their backs, and he turned out to be quite the hunk!

"You said you are studying abroad, what kind of field are you pursuing?" Paula asked.

William paused for a while before answering the pretty lady's question.

"I am taking a veterinary course."

"A veterinarian? You must really like animals. What kind of animals do you like the most? Dogs or cats? I'm a cat lover myself."

"Goats and sheep," William answered. "When I went abroad, I took up the hobby of shepherding goats and sheep in the countryside."

Belle knew that William was using this opportunity to tell her things about what he did in the world of Hestia, so she decided to let her friends interrogate him.

The Half-Elf had just taken another sip of his coffee to wet his throat when the mischievous girls decided to ask him a landmine question.

"Well, I heard that there are many pretty ladies abroad," Hana said with a mischievous smile. "I'm not saying that you are cheating on Belle, but did you ever encounter any beauties there that wanted you to become their boyfriend?"

William almost choked on the coffee that he had drunk. Fortunately, he had strong willpower and managed to return his coffee cup to the table with grace.

"Yes," William replied.Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"And? Did you agree to become their boyfriend?" Paula pressed for answers. "Please be honest. Depending on your answer, we may or may not allow you to have a relationship with Belle."

William didn't want to lie, but he also knew that the standards of relationships in Hestia were different on Earth. It also took a while for him to get used to the idea of having multiple wives and lovers, so he was sure that he would face stiff opposition from the two pretty girls who were like mother hens protecting their precious egg.

After thinking for a while, William decided to answer honestly, but before he could even voice out his thoughts, Belle took the initiative to come to his rescue.

"Paula, Hana, stop interrogating my fiance," Belle said with a pout. "It took a lot of effort for William to come here, so the two of you better behave and not ruin our date."

"F-Fiance?!"

"The two of you are engaged?!"

The two pretty girls gasped in shock which made the customers in the cafe all look in their direction.

Seeing that everyone's gazes were on the two of them, Paula and Hana covered their lips with their hands as they stared at William and Belle in shock and disbelief.

"Are the two of you really engaged?" Paula asked after regaining her calm.

"Yes," Belle answered. "The two of us are planning to get married in the future. We just need to let our parents handle the wedding preparations."

"When will the two of you get married?" Hana asked. "Will both of you wait until you graduate from the University?"

William stared at Belle. He knew that marrying her right now would be impossible. Although Adele was supportive, Raymond still hadn't accepted him as Belle's fiance. If possible, William didn't want to have any conflicts with his future in-laws.

This was why he was busy thinking of ways he could patch up his relationship with Belle's father, Raymond.

After a few more questions, the two pretty ladies stopped interrogating William and decided to shift their topic to the school trip that would happen in a week.

"It's quite a shame that outsiders aren't allowed to join our school trip to K-City," Paula said. "I'm sure that all the boys will cry bitter tears once they know that you already have a fiance."

"School trip?" William asked. "When exactly will this school trip happen?"

Hana, who was still disappointed that she didn't get to hear William's answer to the question about the beauties abroad, decided to inform him about the school trip that would be happening in a week's time.

"Monday next week, the four classes that study Business Management in our University will go to K-City for a four-day trip," Hana replied. "We will mostly be visiting the city's attractions like museums, theme parks, aquariums, etc. Belle doesn't want to go, but since she is the Class President, she has no choice but to go."

"We will be staying at the Peninsula Hotel during our stay in K-City," Paula added. "All expenses are paid by the University so we intend to enjoy it to the fullest!"

William lightly tapped his finger on the table as he digested Hana's words. Right now, he had no timers that would tell him when he would leave this world.

For him, this was the perfect opportunity to spend some quality time with Belle. The Half-Elf knew that although he had appeared on Earth twice and met Belle, the chances of this happening was extremely rare.

"Peninsula hotel? Got it." William nodded.

"Eh? Don't tell me you are planning to go there as well?" Paula asked.

William smiled. "Why not? Although I can't go on the same School Bus as you girls, I can definitely go to the city and meet you in the attractions that you are going to visit. Belle, make sure to give me the schedule of your field trip when it becomes available."

Belle nodded. "Okay."

Actually, she was also planning to tell William about the Field Trip that they would be having a week from now. Just like the Half-Elf, Belle also wanted to spend as much time as possible with her beloved.

The two then stared at each other with affectionate gazes, which made the two side-kicks almost vomit sugar while looking at them.

'Well, this will certainly be the most interesting trip I will have this year.' Paula chuckled internally. 'Just thinking about the commotion that will be caused when the boys and the girls of our class see William is enough to make me look forward to the trip even more.'

Hana shared the same thoughts as Paula. However, unlike her friend, she was more interested in William rather than the commotion that would happen when Belle's admirer sees him.

She had known Belle for many years, and had long understood that a handsome face was not enough to make her best friend act like a love-struck maiden who was unable to hide her feelings towards the boy who was seated across from them.

Also, something was telling her that William wasn't an ordinary person.

Hana wanted to know if she was just overthinking things, or if the red-headed teenager in front of her was someone that had an extraordinary background.

'William… His name reminds me of that sickly boy that always stole glances at Belle when she was practicing archery,' Hana thought.

The pretty lady had seen the sickly William many times in the past, and even had the opportunity to encourage the boy to confess to Belle.

Hana eyed William, unable to stop herself from comparing the two boys.

One was like the sun, radiant and lively.

The other was like the moon, pale and hidden in the darkness.

'I sure hope that this guy is seriously pursuing Belle,' Hana thought as she drank her iced coffee. 'Because if not, I will make sure that he regrets it for the rest of his life.'