Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 899 - Worries Of The Heart

Before the two left the park, Belle called Paula's cellphone to tell them that she was going home with William.

The two girls immediately felt embarrassed because their stalking plan had been discovered. After making sure that Belle and William were picked up by Belle's family chauffeur, the two pretty ladies also headed back to their own homes to rest.

When William and Belle returned to the residence, they were greeted by a smiling Adele and a fuming Raymond.

William could only sigh in his heart because his future father-in-law was a tough cookie to crack. He really wished that his Grandpa James was here to talk to Belle's parents and handle the negotiations.

The Half-Elf had full confidence that as long as James was able to step inside the residence, he would be able to fix Raymond's attitude and make Belle's father take the initiative to host the wedding as soon as possible!

After changing her clothes, Belle went to talk to her mother, Adele, and told her that she would be staying in William's room until dinner, and they shouldn't be disturbed.

Naturally, Raymond just happened to walk past the mother and daughter pair at that exact moment and heard Belle's words.

Of course, his first reaction was to drag William out of their house and toss him out onto the streets, but Adele's glare stopped him in his tracks.

Adele took the matter in her own hands and went to William's room alongside her husband and Belle.

"William, we need to talk," Adele said.

Seeing his mother-in-laws serious expression, William felt that she didn't come into his room to give him a pat on the back for taking Belle out on a date.

"What can I do for you, Mother?" William inquired.

Adele walked until he was only a meter away from William and stared straight into his eyes.

"I can tell that you love Belle and that my daughter also loves you, but my husband and I are worried that the two of you might do something inappropriate when the two of you are alone together," Adele said.

"William, can you promise me that you will not cross that line when you are together with Belle? At least, don't cross it until both of you are married. Can you promise me this?"

The Half-Elf was well aware that the standards on Earth were vastly different from Hestia. Adele was a woman who deeply cared for her daughter, so she was willing to give William a chance. However, that trust had a bottom-line.

If the red-headed teenager broke that bottom line, even if Belle would hate her, she would definitely take the initiative to break the relationship of the two apart.

William met Adele's gaze and nodded his head. "If that is your wish, Mother. I promise that I will not do anything inappropriate."

"Thank you, William. I'm glad that you understand."

"But, is kissing allowed?"

"Of course. As long as you don't go below the belt, everything else is fair game."

"Understood." William nodded his head. "I promise that I will not break your trust, Mother."

Adele patted William's shoulder. "Good. I'm glad that my trust wasn't misplaced."

Raymond felt slightly relieved because he knew how his wife operated. Adele was a businesswoman and trust was something that she prioritized above all.

Once that trust was broken, no matter what the other party did to try and fix it, she wouldn't budge and break ties with them without batting an eye.

William and Adele chatted for a little while longer before she dragged Raymond out of the room, leaving the two teenagers behind.

"Well then, let's start," William said as he locked the door of the room.

He did this just to ensure that no one would interrupt them, while he conducted his experiment.

He then held Belle's hand and led her towards the bed.

"Lie down." William smiled as he lay down on the bed. "It will be more comfortable this way."

Belle had full trust in William so she did what she was told.

The Half-Elf then pulled the black-haired beauty in his embrace and asked her to close her eyes.

"You might experience a weird sensation, but bear with it," William stated as he pressed his forehead over Belle's. "Synchronization."

—--

Belle felt light, as if she was floating in the air.

A moment later, she opened her eyes and found herself in a blue world.

Up above, she could see clear skies as far as the eyes could see stretched across the horizon.

That sky was reflected on the crystal blue waters of the sea below her.

If there was something in the scene that seemed out of place, it was the countless weapons that had embedded themselves in the sea, giving it an unusual beauty.

At the center of it all was a clearing. There she saw a red-headed teenager looking up at her with a smile.

"Welcome, Belle," William said. "This is my Sea of Consciousness. I will do my best to make sure that your stay will be an enjoyable experience."Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

William made a pulling gesture, and Belle's body slowly descended from the sky. He also waved his hand to put a dress on Belle's body because she was practically naked inside his Sea of Consciousness.

Although he would be more than happy to have intimate moments with her, now was not the time for that.

He brought her here, so that she would be able to see his wives, and that was what he was going to do.

After Belle was safely beside him, the Half-Elf once again waved his hand and a realistic image appeared before the two of them.

Belle stared at the blonde-haired beauty that was happily playing tag with a husky-like dog with black fur.

"She's my first wife Wendy," William said with a smile. "The dog she was playing with is named Thor. Right now, she's in the Southern Continent and learning the Secret Arts of her family."

William waved his hand once again, and a handsome boy with short, light-brown hair and green eyes.

"He is Est, my best friend, and lover." William then snapped his finger and Est transformed into a silver-haired beauty with crimson eyes that made Belle take a deep breath because of how charming she looked.

"So, this is the girl that you are trying to corrupt?" Belle asked in a tone filled with sarcasm. "Are you going to train her to become your perfect wife?"

William chuckled before shaking his head. "Est only acts like this when we are alone, but she is a very strong willed person. However, I can't deny that I feel like I'm corrupting something precious whenever we are together. Even so, I have no intention of letting her go."

Belle could tell the firm resolve in William's voice and realized that he really loved the silver-haired beauty that was looking back at him with a tender gaze.

Soon, the image of Est disappeared and was replaced by a good looking young man with brown hair and blue eyes.

"Ian, my worst enemy when I was still young." William smirked. He then snapped his finger and the boy transformed into a beautiful mermaid with blue hair that fell upon her body like a waterfall. "Ashe the person who gave me half of her heart in order for me to live. Even now, I still can't believe that the two of us are already married."

Belle appraised the mermaid in front of her and couldn't help but sigh in her heart.

William had given her his heart, so that she could live.

Ashe had done the same, making her William's and Belle's benefactor.

Deep inside, Belle had a feeling of superiority over William's wives and lovers because she was the one who held his heart.

Not only figuratively, but literally as well. The strong heart that was beating in her chest that reminded her everyday that she was alive and well. A heart that remained strong even though she had suffered depression due to William's death, which had also paved the path for their miraculous reunion.

Now that she had seen the person who had done the same for her beloved, the superiority she felt vanished and was replaced by helplessness.

She understood that even if she were together with William right now, it was only a matter of time before he returned to these beautiful ladies, who had carved their place in her lover's heart.

To make matters worse, William was also losing his memories of her. This was something that Belle couldn't accept.

Not only was she not together with him in his world, the memories that bound her to him were also fading away. If all of William's memories of her disappeared then would his feelings for her also cease to exist?

Belle didn't know the answer. She also didn't want to think about such a possibility. It was at that moment when she silently prayed to whatever Gods that could hear her to allow her to stay in William's heart, even if his memories of her were to disappear completely.

"What's wrong?" William asked because she noticed that Belle had gone completely silent.

"Nothing," Belle answered as she hugged William. "Go on, you still have other wives and lovers to show me. Make sure not to miss any of them. I want to see the girls who will become my sisters when the time comes."

William smiled as he once again waved his hand.

He wasn't aware that the black-haired beauty beside him was feeling anxious due to the fear of being forgotten by the one person she wanted to spend her lifetime with.