Chapter 900 - She's Legal, Right?

When Belle saw Princess Sidonie, she momentarily forgot the anxiousness and worry in her heart.

Belle had often heard of beautiful women who could topple nations, but this was the first time that she was seeing someone who perfectly fit that description.

The beautiful Princess with long, reddish-brown hair was so charming that even Belle, who was a girl, felt strongly attracted to her. She couldn't believe that such a beautiful girl existed, and it made her question her own preferences.

"Sidonie is a bit special you see," William whispered in her ear. "There are very few individuals who can resist her alluring charms."

The Half-Elf's words broke Belle out of her daze. Even so, she still wasn't able to tear her gaze from the Princess who was one of William's wives.

Only when William stepped forward to block her view did she completely regain her composure.

"She must be your favorite, right?" Belle asked as she inwardly shuddered.

Belle knew that she didn't fall short in the beauty department. Even in the face of William's other wives, she thought that she was at the same level as them.

She had been pursued by countless young men in her university, and although she didn't want to admit it, she felt very proud of the fact that William had fallen in love with her.

However, after seeing Princess Sidonie, she felt inferior.

How could any man resist such beauty? Even she, a girl, had been charmed by her. Because of this, she had labeled the Princess as her greatest rival when it came to gaining William's affection.

"No." William shook his head. "Sidonie isn't my favorite. My favorite is you."

"Lies."

"It's the truth."

Belle gazed at William's eye to look for any trace of falsehood in them, but the Half-Elf stared back at her with eyes filled with love and affection. After gazing at his eyes that only reflected her image, the black-haired beauty finally calmed down.

"I find it hard to believe that she's not your favorite," Belle replied, still half in doubt. "Maybe you're just saying this to make me feel better."

William chuckled because Belle's current attitude was almost the same as Lilith's when the two of them were strengthening their bond in the Deadlands. He had to admit that any girl would feel inferior when compared to his Succubus wife, and there was nothing he could do about it.

"No." William held Belle's hand and gave it a light squeeze. "I'm telling the truth."

Belle sighed as she hugged William, and the latter patted her head until she felt better.

"You have to tell me how the two of you met," Belle insisted. "Don't leave out any details."

The Half-Elf smiled mischievously as he thought of Belle's reaction when he told her that Princess Sidonie's goal was to have his babies.

William nodded. "Alright. I will, but after I introduce you to everyone, okay?"

"... I'm so tempted to slap you right now." Belle pulled back as he gazed at William in frustration.

She knew that the Half-Elf had many wives, but after seeing four of them, she had the strong urge to strangle William and call him a womanizer.

Just like Adele, Belle's concept of relationships still matched the standards of Earth. Although she had already prepared herself for this, she still found it hard to stomach that she had to share her beloved with so many women.

After Princess Sidonie's image faded away, an adorable little girl with long pink hair appeared in front of Belle. The pink-haired girl was like a doll, which made the black-haired beauty's heart melt.

She even subconsciously reached out to hug the little girl, but her hands just passed through her, which made her somewhat disappointed.

"Her name is Chiffon. She is half-dwarf, half-demon, and she is my third wife," William said with a smile. "Sidonie is actually my fourth wife.

"Do you know? When she found out that I married Chiffon before her, she threw a tantrum and talked to her grandfather so he would prepare a grand marriage as soon as possible for the two of us. You should have seen her back then."

Belle hummed after listening to William's explanation. Like all girls, she liked cute things, and Chiffon was very cute. In fact, seeing her, Belle felt that she wouldn't mind sharing William with the adorable girl who made her feel fluffy inside.

"How old is she?" Belle asked as he gazed at William. "She's legal, right?"

William nodded. "Chiffon is a few months older than me. Even so, she still has the habit of calling me Big Brother from time to time."

"You must really like that, don't you?"

"..."

Seeing that William refused to answer his question, Belle pouted. Even so, she didn't make a move to pinch William's waist, just like Ashe did when she found him doing something behind her back.

When the two of them parted a year ago, she had said that William could have nine wives. It was too late to take her words back, and she couldn't really blame the Half-Elf because of the circumstances behind his wives and lovers.

Chiffon's image disappeared and was replaced by the Amazon Princess Lilith.

Belle scrutinized the Warrior Princess and found that her body was well proportioned. Not only that, she exuded a very exotic feel due to her sun-kissed skin.

The black-haired beauty could feel the strength radiating from Lilith's body even though it was just a projection. Among William's wives, she was the one that had the "warrior feel'' to her, which made Belle realize that the Half-Elf had a wide selection of beauties that each had their own charm.

"So, she's your fifth wife?" Belle asked.

"No." William shook her head. "We're not married yet. Actually, we only became lovers just recently."

"Just recently?"

"It's a bit complicated. I will tell you about it later."

Belle nodded in understanding. "Who's next? Go on. Don't hide anyone from me."

William smiled and waved his hand. He had no intention of hiding any of his wives and lovers from Belle. For him, this was a good way for her to see her future best friends, when he found a way to bring her back to Hestia with him.

Suddenly, a breathtaking beauty with long purple hair, and wearing gold rimmed glasses appeared in front of them.

"She is my First Master, Celine," William stated. "She was my first love in Hestia."

The beautiful Elf looked like someone in her early twenties. Although she was wearing a conservative dress that covered her entire body, her curves still stood out, which made Belle understand William's attraction to her.

Celine wasn't trying to make herself look attractive or anything, even her hair was tied up and hidden by a hat, to make her appear less beautiful.

However, Belle knew that if Celine were to let her long hair fall freely down her back, and remove the gold-rimmed glasses on her face, it would make all the boys howl like wolves because of her surreal beauty.

"... Tell me something. Have the two of you done it?" Belle asked without even looking at the boy beside him. She was still observing the purple-haired Elf who seemed to be lost in her thoughts while looking at the clouds in the sky.

"Yes," William replied.

"How was it?"

"Simply amazing."

"You're not holding back, aren't you?" Belle inquired with a voice filled with sarcasm.

Instead of answering, William pulled her in his embrace and hugged her tight.

"How was she with her hair down and her glasses removed?" Belle asked as she rested her chin on William's shoulder.

"Breathtaking," William answered. "I think that was the day when I truly fell head over heels for her."

"So, you love her more than you love me?"

"I love you more. How many times must I say this?"

Belle lightly nibbled William's ears to vent out her frustration. After seeing so many beauties beside her beloved, she was really tempted to tie him up in bed, so he wouldn't be able to go anywhere.

The black-haired beauty was starting to feel very jealous and she knew it. Even so, she couldn't do anything about it except nibble on the Half-Elf's ears to make him feel her helplessness.

After five minutes, Belle finally had her fill and left William's ear alone.

"That's six, is there anyone else?" Belle asked as she stared back at Celine, who was now dozing off while standing up.

William shook his head. "There's no one else."

"Good." Belle sighed in relief.

What she didn't know was that William still had one more possible candidate, which was Cathy. The mysterious pretty lady had told William that she would become his ninth wife, but without any definite proof, the Half-Elf couldn't take her words at face value.

Because of this, he decided to not mention her to Belle.

"Okay, now, tell me everything that happened after we parted," Belle said. "Don't hide anything. I want to know everything that happened to you."

William nodded.

The two stayed inside William's Sea of Consciousness as he shared the memories of everything that happened to him with his beloved.

Belle watched these scenes like a movie, while William narrated from the side. There were times when Belle would gasp in shock, there were times where she cried, and there were times when she waved her fist in anger.

Several hours later, tears were streaming down the black-haired beauty's face after William's tale ended.

She couldn't believe how much William had suffered in Hestia, while she was living her life in peace back on Earth.

"Will."

"Yes?"

"Thank you for continuing to love me. Also, thank you for doing your best to remember me."

William's lips trembled when he heard Belle's words. It really had been hard on him to keep his memories of her. Even now, he still didn't know if he would still be able to remember her in a few years.

It was at that moment when a pair of delicate hands cupped his face. William and Belle stared at each other with gazes that matched what they were feeling.

"Don't think of anything else," Belle said. "Just think of me. That is enough."

"Yes," William replied.Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

A second later, his lips were covered with Belle's own lips that hungered for his love.

William had tossed his worries aside and returned her overflowing love for him.

Inside that beautiful blue world, both of them held each other until the worries in their hearts subsided. They knew that when morning came, they would have to greet the new day with a smile on their faces.

This was the only way they could keep on making happy memories, while the two of them were together.

Memories that both of them wished would stay in their hearts till the end of time.