Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 901 - Public Enemy Number One

"Jack, please pull up on the side," Belle ordered. "I will be walking to school from here with William."

"Understood, My Lady," Jack replied. "Should I take Sir William back to the residence after he drops you off at school?"

"There's no need to do that, Sir Jack," William replied. "There are some places that I am planning to visit. I will return to the residence with Belle later, so you don't need to pick her up."

"Very well." Jack nodded. "I will inform Sir and Madam about this when I return, so they won't worry about the Young Lady's safety."

Everyone in the residence had been told that William was their Young Lady's fiance, and everyone made sure to stay away from the two in order for them to have some quality time together.

After the car pulled up, William and Belle walked hand in hand towards the University where they had studied together.

Belle was wearing the university's uniform, while William was wearing black jeans, a white shirt, and a gray blazer.

"This feels nice," William said as he walked hand in hand with Belle. "Back then, I dreamed of walking hand in hand with you like this, but I was too scared to confess to you and get rejected."

"Do you regret it?" Belle asked.

"A bit," William answered. "The time we had together was simply too short."

Belle wrapped her arm around William's shoulders as they walked together.

"I pray that our time together will be a little longer than what we had a year ago," Belle said. "You'll tell me when you are about to leave, right?"

William nodded. He also didn't want to experience the heartbreaking scene that they shared last time. Back then, he wanted to stop time so badly, but he couldn't.

Even now, with his powers, he was still unable to do it. That was why he wanted to treasure every moment he could while he was here on Earth. This was to ensure that he would have no regrets later on, even if he were to once again lose his memories of this time.

Since the two were walking on the path leading to the academy, several of the students couldn't help but stare at them.

Most of them recognized Belle. She was the most beautiful lady in the University and she had a good background as well. This made her the ideal candidate for the young men to pursue as their girlfriend, especially those heirs that belonged to the upper circle of society.

"Who is that guy? Do you know him?" a good looking man wearing glasses asked his friend who was staring at the two from a distance.

"First time I've seen him with Belle," the young man with above average looks replied. "Judging by his hair color, he must be a foreigner."

The ladies were also looking at William with flushed expressions on their faces. The red-headed teenager's hair and eyes were simply eye candy to the girls, and some of them secretly took a photo of him as they walked past them.

"As expected, you are gaining a lot of attention," Belle said softly.

William smiled as he wrapped his arm around Belle and rested his hand on her waist. "It is best to let them know that I am your man."

Just as William intended, his action caused different reactions to come from the people around them.

Some looked at them in surprise, while others looked in envy. The guys were also openly glaring at William for his audacity, which the Half-Elf brushed off like a passing breeze.

This scene continued all the way to the gate of the university, where a small crowd had gathered.

Those who had seen Wiliam and Belle walking like a couple had sent picture messages to their friends who were already inside the university. These people had immediately rushed to the gate in order to see the red-headed teenager, who had made their University's Belle look like a blooming flower that was watered with love.

"So, it's true," one of Belle's classmates muttered. "Just who is that guy? Do you guys know him?"

The other boys shook their heads because they really didn't know who William was.

When the two lovebirds arrived at the gates, William wrapped his arms around Belle and gave her a kiss on the cheek, which immediately made him public enemy number one for all the boys who had a crush on Belle.

The girls on the other hand squealed in delight after seeing the handsome boy confidently kiss Belle in front of everyone.Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

"I will pick you up after school," William said as he stared into her eyes. "Don't miss me too much, okay?"

"I'll try," Belle replied. She knew what William was trying to do, so she decided to play along in order to make those who are pursuing her back away completely. "I love you."

Belle kissed Wiliam's cheeks, which made the girls squeal a second time.

The boys on the other hand, felt their hearts break after seeing this public display of attention, which made them very jealous and envious.

William then glanced at the spectating boys who were looking at him as if he was the one that killed their family.

The Half-Elf planned to give them the killing blow to ensure his claim on the girl who held his heart.

"My name is William and I am Belle's fiance," William declared. "Nice to meet all of you."

After making his declaration, he gave Belle one last peck on the cheek before letting go of her body.

Originally, he planned to kiss her on the lips in front of everyone, but he thought that it would be too much, so he compromised and gave her another kiss on the cheek instead.

As expected, it had the desired effect that he was looking for, which made him look at the boys with a smug expression as if telling them that "He's the chosen one and all of them could just suck an egg".

Belle blushed because she didn't expect that William would not hold back the display of his affection in public.

After that scene, Belle walked through the gate and waved at William one last time. Although she wished that she could skip school just to be with him, it was not possible.

She had responsibilities to take care of, and many were relying on her to do the things that only she could do.

The Half-Elf waved back and even blew her a flying kiss, which made all the boys want to stab him with kitchen knives.

Paula and Hana appeared and flanked the black-haired beauty on both sides as if they were her trusted bodyguards. Both girls glanced at William, who gave them a brief nod to acknowledge their presence.

After Belle and her besties disappeared from view, William left the school with a spring in his steps. Just as he mentioned earlier, he planned to visit a few places while he was still in the city.

One of those places was the orphanage where he had stayed in the past. He wanted to see if Belle's father, Raymond, had honored his word and supported the place where he had grown up, alongside with the children whom he had treated as his brothers and sisters, when he was still alive on Earth.