Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 903 - They're Poking The Wrong Tree

"Thank you very much for your donation, William," Beth gave William a respectful bow, which the Half-Elf had no way to decline.

"You're welcome, Miss Beth," William replied. "I am glad that the Smiles Orphanage is doing its best to bring smiles to the children inside it. If Fate wills it, I will come and visit again."

"We will be waiting for you, Sir William."

"Goodbye and, please, take good care of your health, Director."

William smiled as he waved at the children who were standing behind the gate and waving at him. All of them were holding the toys in their hands, which made the Half-Elf feel that a burden had been taken off his shoulders.

After taking his leave, he wandered aimlessly as he waited for Belle's classes to end.

Adele had given him a Special Credit Card that had five million on it. With money on hand, he bought toys for the children, and still had plenty left to spare.

As he walked around the city, he came upon a bike shop and thought of buying one to use for travels. Right now, he didn't have a license, so he couldn't use motorcycles.

"Sir, I want to buy this bike with a passenger seat attached on the back," William said as he handed his card over to the salesman.

The buying process was smooth and after a few minutes, William was touring the city on his new bike.

William had lost several memories, and some of them had been his favorite places in the city. There were times when he would unknowingly get lost after going to places that he had forgotten.

While the Half-Elf was touring memory lane, or what was left of his memories, Belle was having lunch with her two best friends, Paula and Hana.

After William's bold move at the school gates, the rumor of Belle dating a handsome, red-headed foreigner spread like wildfire.

Naturally, this made all of Belle's admirers use their connections in an attempt to find out William's true identity.

However, all of their search came to a dead end, which made all of them frustrated.

"We can't let this happen," a handsome guy with glasses said as he ate lunch with his love rivals. "We need to teach that boy a lesson."

"I agree," another good looking man that seemed to be a model commented. "He should know his place."

"I have an idea. According to one of my acquaintances, that boy will be back after classes end," a guy with sharp features stated. "How about we send some people to beat him up?"

"Let's do that!"

"I'll contact the gang that our family sponsors."Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

"I know a martial artist for hire. I'll get him here before school ends."

More than a dozen second generation rich kids banded together in order to form a united front against the red-headed teenager who had struck their bottom line.

None of them knew how far William and Belle had gone in their relationship, and they had no intention of finding out. After their love rival had openly declared that he was Belle's fiance, everyone in the university knew that a storm was coming.

Paula and Hana didn't need to pay attention to their surroundings because they already knew that Belle and William were the current talk of the entire university.

"Belle, I think it is best that you tell William to not pick you up after school," Paula said.

Even though she was still unsure about whether William was being serious with his relationship with Belle or not, she didn't want the red-headed teenager to get hurt by the people who were madly in love with Belle.

"Paula is right," Hana commented. "It is too dangerous for him to come and pick you up when classes end."

Belle understood their worries, so she decided to video call William and tell him not to pick her up later.

After the call connected, the handsome Half-Elf appeared on the screen and gave Belle a mischievous smile in greeting.

"Missed me?" William asked.

"A little bit," Belle replied helplessly at the handsome Half-Elf who was giving her a teasing look.

"Only a little?"

"Yes. So, don't think too highly of yourself."

William chuckled, and it sounded like music in Belle's ears. If not for Hana tugging on her arm, she would have forgotten the reason why she had called her beloved in the first place.

"Will, I don't think it's a good idea for you to pick me up later," Belle said after regaining her composure. "It's dangerous."

William smirked. "Don't tell me that your admirers are planning to gang up on me after school?"

"How did you know?"

"Well, I would have done the same in their place. Anyone who dares make a move on you, I'll beat them up real good."

Belle felt something warm spread inside her chest after hearing William's declaration. She had seen how he fought against those who had tried to take his lovers away from him, and she would be lying if she said that she didn't feel envious of them.

"Just wait for me," William said with a confident smile plastered on his face. "No one in this world can prevent me from picking up my fiance from school."

"Be careful, okay?"

"You should tell that to your admirers. They're poking the wrong tree."

After the serious talk was over, Belle asked William what he did after he left the school.

The Half-Elf narrated the events that had happened at the orphanage, in addition to showing her the bike he'd bought so that he could use it to pick her up later.

Paula and Hana listened to their conversation as they ate their lunch beside their bestie who was now focused on chatting with her fiance.

"I'm going to hang up," Belle smiled. "Classes will start soon.".

"Okay." William nodded. "We will continue what we started last night. Sorry, but I'm not going to let you get any sleep tonight."

Paula, who had just taken a sip of her ice tea, almost choked after hearing William's words.

Hana, on the other hand, blushed because she didn't expect that William and Belle were already at that stage of their relationship.

Belle, who had realized William's motive, only shook her head helplessly before admonishing the Half-Elf who was doing his best not to chuckle.

"Don't say things that can be misunderstood." Belle admonished. "Paula is coughing right now because of what you said. Also, take a look at Hana. Her face is as red as a tomato."

"My bad," William replied. "Alright. I'll hang up and meet you later."

"... Don't be late, okay?"

"I won't. I'll be there like your knight in shining armor, riding on a… brand new bicycle with a two-year insurance plan."

Belle giggled after hearing William's comedic antics. She then disconnected the call and looked apologetically at her two besties that were looking at her with injustice.

"Someday, I will get your fiance back for that." Paula pouted. "I'll give him a good beating."

"Don't," Belle replied. "The one who will get beaten up is you instead."

"Hmph! Let's see if he can still keep that smile on his face later," Paula commented hatefully. "Belle, you'd better be prepared to call an ambulance later, okay? I'm afraid that your fiance's face will be used as a rag to clean the floor."

Belle looked troubled after hearing Paula's words. Her two best friends exchanged a glance at each other because they thought that Belle was really thinking about calling an ambulance for William.

What they didn't know was that Belle was really considering calling her father, Raymond, to send some ambulances to the University after school.

These ambulances would ensure that the people who tried to attack her beloved, would not accidentally kick the bucket after receiving one of William's blows, which could easily shatter a boulder to pieces.