Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 904 - Face Slapping School of Martial Arts

"Belle, this is bad! Like really bad!" Paula sent a video call to Belle as she pointed the camera at the dozens of men wearing black suits outside their university gates.

Aside from them, there are also burly guys that screamed the "I am a gangster" vibe that made Paula feel anxious for William's safety.

"Several other men were also here," Paula reported in a shaky voice. "One of them is this year's MMA Champion. Looking at his expression, he seems to be here to deal with your fiance! Tell William to not come to the university, or he might end up getting beaten to death!"

Belle blinked as she looked at the intimidating men that numbered over a hundred, camping outside their university gates.

If she hadn't seen William's memories of his life in Hestia, she might have become worried for her beloved.

However, after seeing those wars which William had fought head-on, Belle felt that the number of people that came to try and beat her fiance to death was underwhelming.

In fact, what Belle was worried about was William getting carried away and punching a hole in their bodies.

"Okay, I'll send him a message to not accidentally kill anyone," Belle replied.

"Huh? What are you talking about?" Paula became confused after hearing Belle's reply. "Are you so blinded by love that you can't understand the current situation? Belle! If you really love William, tell him not to— omg! He's already here! It's too late!"

Just as Paula was about to urge Belle to tell William to change his plans, the red-headed teenager appeared in her vision while riding a bike.

After seeing Paula in the distance, William smiled and even waved at her, which made Belle's best friend suddenly have the urge to throw her cellphone into his face!

Several students of the university had also gathered at the gate, including the masterminds that had called their subordinates to beat up William and make him understand his place.

The crowd that had gathered already expected something like this would happen, and were even looking forward to a wonderful show.

The security guards of the university were in a bind. They didn't have enough manpower to challenge the men in black suits, gangsters, MMA Champion, and other martial artists that had gathered in front of their university gate.

"Just for the sake of one person, this is overkill."

"I know, right? Belle's fiance will definitely not show his face here again after today."

"He'll be lucky if the ambulance arrives here on time after he gets beaten. There's a good chance that they'll beat him until he's half dead."

"Poor guy. He should have kept his relationship with our University's Belle a secret. Being lowkey is the best."

Several students chatted with each other as they looked pitifully at Belle's fiance, who seemed to have no idea what was happening in his surroundings.

The men didn't do anything until he reached the gate of the university. They merely formed an encirclement to prevent him from escaping their grasp, while waiting for their young master's to give the signal to attack.

"I'm here at the gate," William said while talking to Belle on his cellphone. "Let's hurry up and go home. I'm not going to let you get any sleep tonight."

A pin drop silence suddenly fell on the gate after everyone heard William's words. The Half-Elf didn't bother to lower his voice. In fact, he even raised it in fear that the students would not be able to hear him.

Belle, who was on the other side of the call, blushed and even cursed William internally for purposely making trouble. In the end, she could only shake her head as she told him that she would be at the gates in ten minutes.

Just as soon as William ended the call, a handsome guy wearing glasses walked towards him.

"So, you are Belle's fiance, correct?" the handsome guy asked as he fixed the glasses on his face using his middle finger.

"Yes," William replied. "What can I do for you?"

The handsome guy smirked as he raised his hand. "Well for starters, how about you kneel and beg for mercy?"

"And why should I do that?"

"Because if you don't, you'll be sorry."

William sighed as he got off his bicycle and leaned it on the wall beside the gate.

"And how exactly do you plan to make me sorry?" William asked as he flipped his hair.

The red-headed teenager's display of arrogance made some of the girls looking at him squeal internally. The guys, on the other hand, clicked their tongues and waited for the stupid boy to get gangbanged to oblivion.

"It's either you are very brave or very stupid," the handsome guy wearing glasses said. "I wonder which is it?"

"Oh, please, can you not be a p*ssy and just tell me what you want?" William replied.

"Didn't you hear me earlier? I said I want you to kneel and beg for mercy."

"How about you kneel and beg for mercy, while I'm still in a good mood?"

The handsome guy sneered as he pointed his hand at the red-headed teenager who didn't know who he was dealing with.

"Impudent fool! Make him kneel for me!" the handsome guy ordered.

"Yes, Young Master," a man wearing a black suit stepped forward. He was one of the bodyguards of the handsome guy, and had already been told about the current situation.

The other bodyguards only crossed their arms and sniggered. For them, ganging up on a mere teenager was beneath them, so their comrade alone would suffice.

When the man was only a meter away from William, his body suddenly stiffened before collapsing on the ground, unconscious.

Everything happened so fast and no one present knew what happened.

"That's it?" William asked as he walked towards the handsome man who still had no idea what happened to one of his bodyguards.

Sensing a threat to his young master's life, the other bodyguard grabbed the handsome guy wearing glasses and backed away before giving out his orders to his men.

"Get him! Don't hold back!" the bodyguard shouted.

Seeing their fallen comrade, the over a dozen men wearing black suits stormed William like a proper unit.

All of them were veterans in the trade and knew how to fight as a group. Although they felt it a bit shameful to attack the boy together, their superior's order was absolute.

William yawned and covered his mouth with his left hand, as the men approached him from all sides.

Each of the bodyguards then unleashed a blow aimed at different parts of the boy's body, in order to bring him to his knees.

It was at that moment when a resounding slap was heard at the gate of the university, and what followed next made everyone gasp in disbelief.

The red-headed teenager slapped the nearest man with his right hand and sent him flying a few meters away.

Several more slapping sounds spread in the surroundings as the Half-Elf slapped all the bodyguards like pesky flies, and sent them flying in different directions.

William had controlled his strength properly, and even applied a healing spell on his hand, so although the bodyguards were sent flying, their injuries were healed right away.

The handsome guy wearing glasses looked at this scene in disbelief. He was not the only one who thought the same way. All that were present at the scene, including Belle's best friend Paula, were looking at William with their mouths agape.

Just what the f*ck happened?

That was everyone's thoughts at the moment as they watched the Half-Elf in awe.

"Well, who's next?" William asked. "I'm sure you didn't come here to watch, right? Come. I only used 1% of my strength."

While everyone was still trying to digest what happened, the MMA Champion walked towards William with a serious expression on his face.

"What school of martial arts are you using?" the MMA Champion asked.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

"Face Slapping school of martial arts," William answered.

"My name is Chad, and I'd like to challenge you to a duel."

"What a chad. Alright, my name is William. I'll do my best not to hurt you too much."

Everyone recognized the MMA Champion, Chad, because he had been the talk of the town after winning the championship a month ago. Every aspiring MMA fighter looked up to him, and even went to his training gym in order to receive pointers from him.

However, in front of William, Chad knew that he was fighting against another master. He couldn't afford to be careless, because he was putting his name and reputation on the line.

"Here I come!" Chad shouted as he charged towards William with the intention of giving him one of his ultimate combo moves that had paved the way for him to become a champion.

"Come at me, Bro." William smirked as he prepared to knock the guy unconscious.

However, something unexpected happened that Chad and William didn't expect.

The gangsters had also entered the fray brandishing their steel pipes at William. They were natural law breakers, so they didn't care about rules or anything.

This sudden act of violence made the girls in the crowd scream as they covered their eyes to prevent themselves from seeing a gruesome scene of William getting beaten up to a pulp.

The Half-Elf ignored the gangsters, and just focused on the man in front of him. He was wondering what Chad was going to do in this situation.

The MMA Champion immediately stopped his attack and backed away. He was tempted to help William deal with the gangsters, but he knew that these people were the unruly bunch. In order to not be targeted by their backers, he decided to just back off, while feeling sorry for William.

"Good choice," William said before reaching out to grab the steel bar that was descending on his head.

The gangster's eyes widened in shock when he saw that his attack was completely blocked by the red-headed teenager, who held his steel bar in a vice grip.

"Time to clean up the trash first," William said as he grinned evilly.

Although he felt a little guilty for bullying weaklings, it was also the perfect opportunity to show everyone who they were dealing with. As Belle's fiance, he needed to make them understand that he was not a pushover.

He also wanted everyone to know that Belle made the right choice in choosing him as her significant other.

A few moments later, several screams filled with pain reverberated in the surroundings.

Paula, gulped as she saw the bodies of the gangsters fly several meters away after receiving a palm strike from William.

It was at that moment when she realized that her best friend's fiance was not the ordinary country bumpkin she thought he would be.