Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 905 - Do You Know Who I Am?

Unlike the bodyguards, William made sure that the gangsters would be in a world of pain after they received his palm strikes.

Although he controlled his strength, he made sure to break their arms, so they would never be able to hold a weapon again in their lives.

William had no mercy for ruthless people, especially those who attacked him with the intention of killing him.

Howls of pain permeated the surroundings as the gangsters held onto their broken arms. Even with the best medicine in the world, they would never be able to use it again because William had made sure that they would be crippled for life.

After dealing with the pests in his surroundings, William cracked his knuckles before glancing at Chad who stood several meters away from him.

"Okay, let's go for round two," William said with a devilish smile. "Come at me, Bro."

Chad waved his hand in a friendly manner. "I'll pass. No need to fight anymore."

What a joke!

I don't want to end my career just yet!

If I knew that I was being pitted against this monster, I would have never come here!

These were the thoughts that were playing in Chad's head as he looked at the red-headed teenager in front of him.

"Fine by me." William shrugged before walking towards the handsome guy with glasses who was shuddering behind the bodyguard protecting him.

"You were saying earlier that I should kneel and beg for mercy, right?" William asked as he cracked his knuckles.

"T-That was just a joke!" the handsome guy hurriedly said as his teeth chattered in fright. "I was just joking!"

"Oh? It was just a joke then?"

"Y-Yes! It was just a joke!"

William chuckled as he continued to walk towards the handsome guy with glasses.

"Stop!" the bodyguard hurriedly stood in between his employer and the red-headed teenager who had the smile of a devil on his face. "Don't come any closer! You don't know who my young master is!"

"You're in the way," William said as he casually slapped the bodyguard, sending him flying towards the side unconscious.

Seeing his last line of defense broken, the boy collapsed and fell on his bum, while looking at William with horror.

"I-I'm sorry! Please! Forgive me!" the handsome guy pleaded. "Stay away!"

As one of the sons of the richest people in the city, he prided himself for being above others. He had never encountered someone that could threaten his life because he was always surrounded by dozens of bodyguards.

However, today, his worldview changed completely as he stared at the red-headed monster who was looking down on him with eyes that were void of mercy.

William crouched down and lightly tapped the handsome guy's cheek with his hand.

"Do you know who I am?" William asked in a tone that carried an underlying killing intent that was enough to paralyze the handsome guy's body.

"M-Miss Belle's fiance!" the handsome guy answered.

"That's right. I am her fiance, so, stay away from her, okay?"

"Y-Yes! I will! I promise!"

William's killing intent was not something that an ordinary person could handle. If he wished for it, he could traumatize someone and make them go crazy for life.

William then moved his head closer to the handsome guy and whispered something in his ears.

"If I see you going near my girl, I will find you and kill you, do I make myself clear?" William whispered.

The man was overcome with panic and fear that he couldn't even answer Wiliam's simple question. Because of his current mental state, he had pissed himself out of fright, as William's words made his whole body tremble.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

The Half-Elf knew that the handsome guy was near his breaking point, so he backed away, allowing the latter to take a breather.

The handsome guy's tears, and snot were freely flowing down his face and he no longer looked as cool and suave like he always did.

William then scanned the crowd of students who were looking at him with fearful eyes.

"Is there anyone else?" William asked with a dazzling smile on his face. "I am going out on a date with my fiance, so if any of you still have any complaints, please step forward."

All the students unconsciously took a step back after hearing William's words. Even those who had planned to teach him a lesson had all lost their confidence. They no longer wanted to have any connection with the red-headed teenager whom they had branded as a monster, since he didn't even bat an eye when breaking people's arms.

"Will, I'm here," Belle said when she arrived at the gates.

The people blocking her way created a path for her, and she moved towards her beloved with a sweet smile on her face.

"What took you so long?" William inquired before kissing her cheeks.

"I called my father so he can send some ambulances here. You held back, right?"

"Of course. If I didn't, all of them would have turned into meat paste already. I only used 1% of my strength."

"Good." Belle kissed William's cheek before handing her bag to him. "Shall we go?"

"Of course, My Lady," William grinned as he held her hand, and led her toward his bike.

After Belle had sat on the passenger seat, she wrapped her arms around William's waist to secure herself in place.

"Paula, Hana, see you tomorrow," Belle said as she waved at her friends, who were too shocked to react to her farewell.

"See you guys tomorrow," William commented as he gave Belle's two besties a brief nod before pedaling away.

Only when the two lovebirds had disappeared from sight did everyone manage to breathe normally. A heated discussion immediately ensued as the students talked about what had just transpired before their eyes.

The guys were in awe of William's strength. Some of them even fervently wished that they could be just like the red-headed teenager, who was like one of those martial arts experts in the movies.

"Did you see that?! That guy must be a hidden Martial Arts master!"

"Damn! Is he perhaps accepting disciples?!"

"So, this is why our University Belle has fallen for him. Now it all makes sense! How can our number one beauty just choose a random guy on the street?"

William's performance also affected the ladies who had watched everything from start to finish.

The majority of them were Belle's classmates and they envied the beautiful lady because not only was her fiance handsome, he was also strong enough to protect her!

"He's so dreamy! Why are all the good men taken?!"

"I wonder… does he have a brother? I don't mind if there is an age gap. I just want someone like him!"

"Just looking at his red hair, he must be a foreigner. Maybe we should ask Belle later if he could introduce us to guys like him."

"I want my own handsome redhead, too!"

"Me, too!"

Paula and Hana glanced at each other with complicated looks on their faces. Both of them knew that when morning came, the students of the university would not look at William and Belle the same way again.