Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 906 - Are You Human?

Raymond frowned after seeing the video that was sent to him by the agent that he had tasked to follow William.

He was watching the scene in super slow motion, in the hope that he could understand how a red-headed teenager was able to single-handedly beat all the people that had tried to assault him in the university.

Adele was sitting beside him and paid extra attention to her future son-in-law's performance.

The first bodyguard that had tried to attack William collapsed just before he was able to touch the boy. In the slow motion video, they saw the red-headed teenager tap the man's chin using a finger to knock him unconscious.

This move couldn't be seen if you were watching the video using normal speeds, which made Belle's parents get a better understanding of the boy's fighting prowess.

The next scene where William sent the bodyguards flying in different directions with a slap made Raymond's liver itch.

For some reason, he imagined himself getting hit by one of those slaps, if he pissed the red-headed teenager by getting in the way of his relationship with his daughter.

Adele, on the other hand, raised an eyebrow because her earlier suspicions were confirmed. William wasn't someone ordinary, and he was more than capable of protecting her daughter.

"Not only does he have stacks of gold bars, his fighting ability is also amazing," Adele said. "I guess our daughter managed to get a good boyfriend. What do you think?"

Raymond snorted. "Those who resort to violence to handle situations will not have a good ending."

"Dear, he was only using self defense."

"It doesn't matter if it's self defense or not. He should have done things civilly and talked things out."

Adele shook her head. "Raymond, you and I both know that those punks didn't go there to talk civilly. They came to hurt him. William only acted to defend himself."

Raymond understood this point, but he still didn't like William. This was a natural reaction to fathers that had raised their daughters in an overprotective manner, so Adele could only sigh as she continued to watch the video.

"I think we should have a good talk with William when he gets back," Adele commented after watching everything. "I want to know his family background."

"I agree. We need to determine what kind of background this boy has. If his family has a shady background, I won't hand Belle over to him even if she resents me for life."

"Dear, do you really want to get in the way of our daughter's happiness? Do you want her to revert to that depressed state? Are you sure that is what you want to happen?"

Raymond got tongue tied and had no rebuttal to his wife's questions. He had completely forgotten that Belle had just recovered from her depression. It was a dark and difficult time for their family because the black-haired beauty seemed to have lost all will to live.

This was why they decided to let her stay in the countryside for the time being, in the hope that the fresh air and beautiful scenery would help her recover from her depressed state.

Raymond sighed deeply. He was like a deflated balloon that had lost all the anger he had for William. He would rather let Belle marry the red-headed teenager than watch her wither away like a dying flower.

It was at that moment when a warm and assuring hand held his own.

"I think it's time for us to respect our daughter's decision," Adele said softly. "I know that it's difficult, but we have to let her go. We can't let her stay trapped in a cage all her life. Doing so will be too cruel."

Raymond lowered his head as he lightly squeezed Adele's hand. "... Give me some time."

"Okay. give me your answer after Belle's school trip."

"Fine."

—--

William and Belle had an early dinner before continuing to tour the city while riding the bike.

They were not aware of the commotion that had happened at the school after they had left.

Several ambulances arrived at the scene, and brought the injured people to the hospital that Belle's father owned.

Everyone was talking about William's one-sided face slapping and the rumor of him being a martial arts master had become the talk of everyone in the university.

Aside from that rumor, several stories of how William and Belle met also started to spread like wildfire.

Some said that William had saved Belle from a group of bad guys when she went to the countryside, to take a vacation.

Others said that William and Belle met after the black-haired beauty went on a pilgrimage to visit the temple where the red-headed teenager was practicing martial arts and both of them fell in love at first sight.

There were other variations of the story, but all of them had one in common. All of them stated that William had saved Belle, and in order to reward his bravery, she decided to marry him.

These stories made the ladies hold their cheeks in embarrassment and left them wishing that someone like Wiliam would appear in their lives.

Paula and Hana weren't able to escape the countless inquiries from friends and acquaintances, asking them for any information they had about William.

Even if the two girls said that they didn't know anything about him, none of their friends and acquaintances believed them. Paula was so frustrated that she started to curse the red-headed teenager to the high heavens for making life difficult for her.

While all of this was happening, the two love birds were spending some quality time with each other.

The Half-Elf was aware that he was being followed, but he didn't try to shake the agent that was hired by Raymond to follow him. Right now, he wanted his future in-laws to trust him, so he behaved properly and allowed the agent to tail him.

Belle was not aware that there was an extra set of eyes that were following them from behind, she was too happy to worry about anything around her, and simply rested her head on William's back, while the Half-Elf toured her around the city.

"Let's go back," William said. "Mother and Father might get worried."

Belle giggled because her beloved had already started calling her parents Mother, and Father. This made her feel at peace because this proved how serious William was when it came to their relationship.

"Okay," Belle replied. "Where will we be sleeping tonight? In your room, or in mine?"

"Let's sleep in your room this time," William answered. "I will sneak in when everyone is asleep and leave before everyone wakes up."

Belle nodded her head. "Un…"

With Adele's blessing, the two would usually spend their time together in William's room. He had promised that he wouldn't do anything inappropriate to Belle, and he had stayed true to his word.

The two of them only kissed and held each other, and didn't nudge the other to go any further. Although it was frustrating for William, he knew that Belle was also not ready to take that final step that would allow the two of them to become one.

Because of this, William didn't insist and just went with the flow.

Although there wasn't a timer or anything, William knew that he couldn't stay on Earth forever.

This was why he was hoping that, before he returned to Hestia, Belle's parents would finally give him their blessings.

When the two returned to the residence, they found Adele and Raymond in the living room waiting for their arrival.

"William, come with us to the library," Adele said. "There are a few things that I want to ask you. Also, Belle, go back to your room and change. Your father and I want to have a private talk with William."

Belle nodded before heading towards the stairs. She knew that her mother was on her side, so she wasn't worried about her talk with William.

Raymond kept his silence and only followed behind his wife as they headed to the library.

William walked a few steps behind Raymond. He was quite curious about what Belle's parents wanted to talk to him about.

When all three of them arrived in the library, Raymond firmly locked the door after William had walked past him.

This was an important talk and he didn't want anyone to overhear their discussion. Just like Adele, he was dying to know the truth. He wanted to know everything about William, and the true reason why his daughter was head over heels over him.

"Please sit down, William," Adele said as she made a gesture for William to sit on the chair across from her.

William did as he was told and sat properly like an obedient boy.

Raymond sat beside his wife and crossed his arms over his chest. Adele and him had already talked about this, and he would leave the interrogation to his wife.Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

When the boy was properly seated, Adele decided to begin their heart to heart talk with the red-headed teenager whom they had acknowledged as Belle's boyfriend.

Personally, she had no qualms with him becoming her son-in-law, but for the sake of her husband's peace of mind, she decided to conduct this interview to put Raymond, and her, at ease.

"William, if possible, please answer us honestly. Depending on your answer, we will decide whether we would approve of you as Belle's fiance or not."

The Half-Elf was caught by surprise by Adele's opening statement, but he still nodded his head in agreement.

"Okay, so, my first question is this," Adele said with a serious expression on her face. "Are you Human?"