Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 909 - Are You Perhaps Lost, My Lady?

A week had passed since William, Adele, and Raymond had their discussion in the library.

Belle's parents had already made their stance known, that William must find a way on how to cross between worlds within five years before they would give him their blessings.

The Half-Elf accepted this agreement because he understood that Raymond and Adele were only doing this because they cared about their daughter.

Belle had already voiced her opinion about the matter also, so the talks ended there.

Today was also the day where the students of the Business Management classes would go to K-City for a four-day field trip.Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Since the black-haired beauty was the president of their class, she needed to be on the same bus as her classmates. If possible, she wanted to be with William, so that both of them could travel to the city together, but she had her hands tied because of her responsibilities.

"I'll meet you in K-City later," William said with a smile. "I have reserved a room at the hotel where your class will be staying. Let's just meet up there."

"Okay." Belle nodded. "How are you planning to get to K-City? Don't tell me you are planning to bike all the way there?"

William chuckled. "Of course not. I'll be taking other means of transportation."

Actually, the Half-Elf had indeed planned on biking all the way to K-City. However, after seeing Belle's scrutinizing gaze, he decided to thrash the idea and think of an alternative to reach his destination.

"It's time to go, Belle," Paula shouted from the door of the bus. "Stop your PDA and board the bus now."

The students of the university were looking at William and Belle from the windows of the buses that the school had rented for this trip.

After the incident at the gates of the university, the red-headed teenager had become a minor celebrity, and all the students wanted to know more about him.

However, no matter what they did, they weren't able to get any information from Paula's and Hana's lips because the two were also not in the know about William's background.

In the end, they just came up with their own backstory for William, in which the latter was a martial arts student, who had descended from the mountains to find Belle, and ask for her hand in marriage.

"See you later," William said as he waved goodbye to the black-haired beauty who was dragged away by her two besties.

Belle gave William an apologetic look before boarding the bus to check if everyone in her class was present for the field trip.

While this was happening, the Half-Elf was busy formulating a plan with Optimus about how to reach their destination.

William's original plan was to follow behind the bus where Belle was at to ensure that nothing out of the ordinary was going to happen to her.

Since that was no longer possible, the red-headed teenager decided to just use Soleil to instantly teleport in K-City.

After formulating the plan in his head, William left the university to find a place without people. There, he summoned Soleil and used his Quick-Shot War Arts to turn it into a railgun, by using the System's navigation guidance.

The Half-Elf had already placed a tracker on Belle that allowed Optimus to monitor her all the time. With these steps taken, he would be able to instantly go to her location using his Lighting Strider skill if something life threatening transpired.

Several hours later, the Management Classes arrived at their destination. The travel had been smooth, which made William breathe a sigh of relief.

The university had made a reservation for the Grand Pavilion Hotel, which was also the best hotel in K-City.

As soon as the students were properly guided to their respective rooms, Belle took the elevator on her own to Room 369.

Before she could even knock on the door, the door opened by itself, showing William who was looking at her with a smile.

"Are you perhaps lost, My Lady?" William asked with a mischievous smile. "If you are looking for good company then you came to the right place. I will be your host and ensure that you will have a pleasurable stay in my accomodations."

William didn't even wait for Belle to reply to him as he gently pulled her inside the room before closing the door, and locking it properly.

"What method of transportation did you use to get here?" Belle inquired.

She was quite curious about how William reached K-City before her.

"I flew," William answered as he led Belle to sit on the couch. "So, Miss President, what is your itinerary for the day?"

Belle smiled as she snuggled into her beloved's protective embrace.

"We have no plans for today," Belle replied. "Everyone was told to just check out the facilities of the hotel, and not leave its premises. Tomorrow, we will spend the whole day at the theme park. It has been years since I've gone to one. This time, I would like to challenge myself and ride the rollercoaster."

"What a coincidence, I also plan on going to the theme park tomorrow," William said with a smile, "and, to be honest, I also haven't experienced riding the roller coaster. I would be honored to take the challenge with you, My Lady."

"Mmm." Bell hummed as she closed her eyes. When she was younger, she wished that she could go to the theme park with someone special. Now that William was here, her wish would soon be granted.

William was enjoying his intimate moment with Belle, but for some reason, something was niggling the back of his mind.

It was as if he had been in K-City before, which he found weird because this was the first time that he had come to this place in both of his lifetimes.

'Am I just overthinking things?' William thought as he poked Belle's nose with his finger. 'I guess I'll know tomorrow when I accompany Belle to the theme park. There's no rush.'

In the end, the Half-Elf decided to toss this matter aside and focused on teasing the black-haired beauty in his arms, which ended up being a passionate kiss.

Right now, the only thing that mattered to him was Belle. The Half-Elf would not allow anyone, or anything, to get in the way of their precious time together, which the duration of was still unknown to him.