Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 911 - A New Kind Of Thrill

Several hours passed, and the group was once again reunited at lunch time.

Paula stared hatefully at William because of the discomfort she had felt after riding the rollercoaster.

Hana had mostly recovered, and was able to enjoy the food that she had ordered.

Meanwhile, Belle looked like a flower in full bloom, which made the guys in the cafe stare at her with great interest.

After her besties had left, William took her to the haunted house, and the two stayed there for a while.

The black-haired beauty felt a kind of thrill that she had never felt before as she and William kissed, while hiding from the monsters (staff) that were roaming inside the haunted house.

This was also William's first time doing such a thing, but with the powers he possessed, it was quite easy for him to hide himself and Belle in the darkness, surrounded by people and monsters alike.

Several of the students from Belle's academy were inside the amusement park, so it was hard for the two of them to do intimate things in public. Although Belle didn't mind, William did.

As much as possible, he didn't want Belle to have a bad reputation in the university. Although he had kissed her on the cheeks in front of everyone, that was only on the cheeks.

The impact of being seen, while sharing a passionate french kiss was vastly different from a mere peck on the cheeks.

Paula and Hana knew that something was off, but they didn't have the energy to make a fuss. For the time being, they just focused on eating their food, while watching Belle and William hand feed each other.

After eating lunch, the four decided to take the easy rides like the Grand Carousel, Journey to the Center of the World, Jungle Log Bang, and Jurassic Prank.

When the sun was starting to set in the horizons, William decided to take Belle to the Grand Ferris Wheel.

This particular Ferris Wheel takes exactly thirty minutes for a full rotation, and William had made certain preparations in order to make this last ride memorable for his beloved, who was looking at the Ferris Wheel with an excited gaze.

"Paula, Hana, please, take a different passenger car," William said with a serious expression.

This was the first time that William had asked the two girls for a favor, which surprised both of them.

"Okay," Paula replied.

Hana also nodded her head in understanding.

"Thank you." William smiled as he and Belle entered the capsule together.

After spending some time with William, they had gotten to know how William cared for Belle's happiness.

Although they had been together with Belle for a very long time, this was the first time they had seen her looking so happy. She was practically blooming, and it made her charm increase by many folds.

As the ferris wheel started to turn, Belle rested her head on William's shoulder.

"Did you have fun?" William asked before planting a kiss on her head.

"Yes," Belle replied. "I had loads of fun. How about you?"

"I enjoyed it too. Especially our little expedition in the Haunted House."

"Mmm."

Both of their hands intertwined with each other, as they casually chatted about the rides that they had visited during the day.

The sun had mostly set and the sky was starting to turn dark. When their capsule was about to reach the highest part of the ride, a beautiful flower illuminated the sky.

What followed next was a dazzling array of fireworks that made Belle's eyes sparkle with delight. However, the happiness inside her eyes suddenly faded when she remembered the festival in the countryside.

It was one of the saddest memories of her life because it was also the day when she parted with William for the second time.

Belle's free hand subconsciously held onto William's arm, as if to prevent him from going away.Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

The red-headed teenager somehow understood Belle's fears and cursed himself for being unreasonable. He didn't consider that Belle might have gotten a trauma after their parting.

He only thought of making their final ride memorable. Earlier, he left Belle and her two besties in the cafe, while he went to look for the staff that was in charge of the firework display for the theme park.

Naturally, he gave the man an offer he couldn't refuse, so the schedule of the fireworks display was changed according to William's preference. After sending a text message to the man, the fireworks display immediately started and he had timed it perfectly.

However, his plan backfired because Belle's memories of their parting resurfaced.

"Belle, I'm sorry," William said as he held his beloved. "I didn't mean to make you sad."

Belle wrapped her arms around William as she nodded her head. "I know. It's just, the thought of losing you makes my heart ache."

"Don't worry. I will find a way for us to be together. I promise." William lightly patted Belle's back to give her some assurance.

Belle just immersed herself in William's warmth, and love, until the fear in her heart subsided. She understood that William would once again return to his world sooner or later, and she couldn't do anything about it.

This was why she was also doing her best to prepare herself for their inevitable parting. Her only wish was that this time around, they would part with smiles on their faces, instead of tears in their eyes.

Fortunately, Belle had regained her composure when the ride ended, William lovingly wiped the tear stains from her face, and promised himself that he would make it up to her once they returned to the hotel they were staying at.

"Will, I love you," Belle declared as she stared straight into his eyes. "Let this be the last time we will part from each other. Please, find a way so that we can be together, forever."

"I will, you have my word," William replied. "I love you too, Belle."

The two of them smiled at each other before leaving their passenger car.

Although William's plan didn't get the result he wanted, the time they spent together was still precious.

William raised his head to look at the sky. It was very difficult to see the stars in the city, but it posed no problem to him.

High above the heavens, amongst the countless stars in the sky.

The Constellation of Capricorn shone brightly. It was as if it was observing the Half-Elf from afar, and making sure that he was safe from harm.

—--

Somewhere in the world of Hestia, an otherworldly beauty with light-blue hair sighed with her eyes closed.

She was currently riding a passenger ship headed towards the Central Continent to reunite with the Half-Elf, whom she had raised ever since he was a baby.

"Love doesn't need to be perfect, it just needs to be true," Ella said softly. "Just like the feelings he has for me, and for you."

The blue-haired lady then opened her eyes to look beyond the horizon. Her gaze was tender and filled with affection.

"Some naughty children managed to sneak past the walls between worlds." Ella smiled. "Oh, Will, what am I to do with you?"