Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 912 - I Have A Bad Feeling About This

After returning to the hotel, Belle stayed in the room she shared with Paula and Hana.

She told William that she needed some time alone to think, and the Half-Elf respected her decision.

Paula and Hana didn't know what transpired inside the Ferris Wheel. All they knew was that Belle seemed to look a little sad after they returned to the hotel.

"Belle, did you and William break up?" Paula asked as she sat on the bed. "Don't worry. I will lend you a shoulder to cry on. I can also help you beat up William if you want."

Belle giggled after hearing her best friend's concerned words.

"No, we didn't break up," Belle replied. "Also, I doubt that you can even scratch him. Have you forgotten the way he slapped those men in black suits as if they were flies? Do you think you can do better than them?"

Paula stuck out her tongue at Belle's witty comeback. A part of her was relieved that her best friend and Will hadn't broken up. However, a part of her was also disappointed.

Hana, who was listening to the conversation between her two best friends, only smiled as she dried her hair. She had just come out of the shower, so her hair was still wet.

She wasn't too worried about Belle because although she looked sad, it was not the kind of sadness that came from an argument or a breakup.

"What happened then?" Paula asked. "You were all smiles when you entered the Ferris Wheel and looked sad when you left. Did William try to force you to do something you didn't want to do?"

"No." Belle shook her head. "Nothing of the sort happened. I just remembered a sad memory, that's all."

Paula still looked unconvinced, but since she felt like Belle didn't want to talk about it, she didn't force the issue and changed the topic.

"Did you see the fireworks?" Paula said dreamily. "It was so beautiful, and romantic at the same time. If only I had a boyfriend to ride the ferris wheel with me at the time, it would have been perfect!"

"Well, sorry for not being your boyfriend," Hana, who had started to use the hairdryer to dry her hair, commented from the side. "Why don't you ask William if he has a brother? Who knows? He might be the prince charming you are looking for."

Paula smirked as she stood up from Belle's bed and tickled the pretty lady who was teasing her.

Belle smiled as she watched her two friend's antics. Although she originally planned to stay in William's room tonight, she decided to stay in her own room for the time being. She still hasn't fully recovered from what had happened on the Ferris Wheel.

She was afraid that if she were to be embraced by William tonight, the last strand of reasoning in her head would break, and they would cross that line that they weren't supposed to cross. Although she knew that this was what both of them wanted, she didn't want to spend their first time together with these anxious feelings bubbling inside her heart.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

—---

William left the hotel and strolled the city with his bike.

Belle said that she wanted some time alone, so he decided to give her some space. For the time being, he decided to confirm for the last time if his suspicions were right.

This was the only way he would be able to stop the nagging feeling inside his head that had made him feel uneasy ever since he stepped foot in K-City.

After a quarter of an hour, he finally reached his destination.

"Orion Grand Stadium," William read the big, bold letters that hung on the entrance of the stadium in front of him.

It was where he had experienced many unexpected things. A place where he shared wonderful memories with a red-haired beauty, an Amazon Princess, and a mysterious lady who was nowhere to be seen.

"Glory Shelter," William muttered. "Without a doubt, this is indeed Glory Shelter."

William then stared at the theme park where he and Belle had just left a few hours ago. It was none other than the Mimameidr Shelter that Avril had ruled back in the Deadlands.

'So K-City and the Deadlands were one and the same,' William thought. 'I have a bad feeling about this.'

The Half-Elf knew that he might just be overthinking things, but after his hunch had been confirmed, he started to feel a little worried.

He still didn't know why he had appeared on Earth, but he knew that there were no coincidences in the world.

After visiting a few more places, William returned to the hotel to rest. Even if K-City was indeed the Deadlands in his memories, what could he do about it?

Right now, the city was vibrant and filled with life, which was the complete opposite of the dilapidated city that was infested with skeletons and zombies.

William shuddered when a thought came to his mind. The Half-Elf then used both hands to rub his face in order to chase away the nightmarish possibility that had popped up inside his head.

'No good.' William sighed. 'I can't remove this thought inside my head.'

In order to regain his calm, the red-headed teenager returned to the hotel to rest. He would rather wish that he was just overthinking things than to entertain the possibilities of the worst case scenario happening.

That night, William tossed and turned on the bed. No matter what he did, he couldn't fall asleep.

It was only when the sun was starting to rise did sleep come to him. Two hours later, the door of his room opened and a black-haired beauty walked towards the bed to check on her beloved.

William would usually be awake by this time, but after seeing his troubled sleeping face, Belle decided to not wake him up.

"Sleep well, My Love," Belle whispered in Wiliam's ears before kissing his cheek.

She then left the room to have breakfast with her two besties. Today, they were going to the museum as part of their university's itinerary.

Although she felt a little disappointed that Wiliam wouldn't be able to accompany her, she didn't take it to heart.

Belle knew that there was still plenty of time for the two of them to be together, so she allowed the Half-Elf to get some much needed rest.

She promised herself that when she returned, she would pamper her beloved and make sure to let him know that she had managed to get over her trauma, and wanted to spend the night with him while they held each other in a firm embrace.