Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 913 - A Looming Disaster Right Above Their Heads [Part 1]

Parker Residence…

Adele sighed as she looked at the garden of their residence. As someone who appreciated the appeal of flowers, Belle's mother made sure that their garden would be well taken off, year-round.

Right now, she was thinking about what to do next. After William's unbelievable revelation, she no longer had the heart to prevent her daughter from deepening her relationship with the red-headed teenager.

Her only concern was "What will happen once William returns to Hestia?".

The Half-Elf had admitted that he didn't know how to cross between worlds, and his meetings with Belle were always an unexpected event. This was why when her husband, Raymond, said that he was willing to give William five years, for him to find a way to travel between worlds, she didn't say anything and gave her silent approval.

'I might be too old for this,' Adele thought as she massaged her forehead.

Adele had given birth to three children, with Belle being the youngest. Her eldest son was currently abroad and studying under the guidance of a long-time friend whose company had branches all over the world.

Her second born, Belle's older sister, was currently traveling around the country, looking for places where she could build a resort to start her own business.

Belle, the youngest of the three, was everyone's treasure. No one in their family would want to see her cry, or fall into depression.

The way Adele saw it, she had no problems with William marrying Belle, on the condition that he could stay by her side on a regular basis.

However, if Belle's mother and father knew that Wiliam was already married to four wives, with a fifth just around the corner, they would probably go ballistic and strangle the Half-Elf until he croaked.

"You're still thinking about the boy?" Raymond asked as he casually walked towards his wife who was seated on her favorite bench, with a dazed look on her face.

"Yes," Adele replied. "I'm worried about the future. I'm worried about our daughter's happiness. Dear, are we really doing the right thing?"

Raymond didn't answer and simply held his wife's hand, giving her a form of assurance that everything was going to be well.

"We can reach K-City in two hours if we use our helicopter," Raymond proposed. "Didn't you say that you wanted to inspect our company branch over there? I'm free right now. Why don't we go together?"ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Adele smiled before nodding her head.

She was the kind of person that felt uncomfortable if she didn't face a problem head-on. A week had already passed since their meeting with William and a heavy atmosphere had fallen inside the residence since then.

"Let's go," Adele said as she stood up from the bench while holding her husband's hand. "Let's have a short vacation with Belle in K-City."

—---

Paula kept on yawning as they visited one exhibit after the other. She was someone who didn't really have an eye for art, and preferred looking at fashionable clothes, as well as handsome models in magazines.

Belle and Hana, on the other hand, weren't that knowledgeable when it came to art, but they were able to appreciate such things, making Paula feel like she was the oddball in their group.

Naturally, they were surprised when they didn't see Wiliam in the museum. They thought that the Half-Elf would be waiting for them at the entrance, just as he had been at the amusement park yesterday.

When they asked Belle what happened, she just smiled and told them that he was still asleep.

Belle had slept in the same room with them, so they immediately ruled out the possibility that Wiliam had been exhausted due to "physical exercise".

The boys of Belle's class also noticed this, but they just thought that the red-headed teenager was just not interested in works of art.

Ever since William's amazing showcase of strength, none of the boys who had a crush on Belle made any further moves on her. They all decided to back away and forget about her completely, looking for other beautiful fishes in the open sea.

Near the end of their tour in the museum, one of Belle's professor's approached her. Her intention was to remind her about their next stop in today's itinerary.

They were scheduled to visit the Orion Grand Stadium to watch a baseball match, after they had all eaten lunch at a fancy restaurant that their school had reserved for them.

Belle's role was to ensure that no one would play truant, and go to other places, aside from what was written on their schedule.

All offenders would be punished after they returned to the university, and the black-haired beauty was there to remind them that they wouldn't be able to get off scot free if they broke the rules.

She was always the one chosen to play this role because all the students listened to her, especially the boys who liked to create trouble. It is very hard to say no when a beautiful lady was telling them to behave, especially when that lady's fiance could easily clap their cheeks, and send them flying several meters in the air.

After the tour of the museum, everyone returned to the parking lot where their buses were waiting for them.

After making sure that everyone in the Business Management Classes were all accounted for, the buses left the scene and headed to their next destination.

Belle stared outside the window thinking about her beloved who might still be sleeping inside the hotel. She hoped that when she returned, William would be there to meet her, so that they could have dinner together.

While this was happening, a black orb of darkness, the size of a basketball appeared in the clear blue sky.

It was slowly expanding, and getting bigger in size with each passing minute. Unfortunately, everyone in K-City was so busy living their day to day lives that they didn't even have time to look up at the sky, to see the looming disaster that was slowly forming above their heads.