Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 914 - A Looming Disaster Right Above Their Heads [Part 2]

James, who was currently exploring the Void, stumbled across two little girls, who seemed no older than ten, walking hand in hand.

Both girls were looking in their surroundings teary-eyed, looking so helpless and lost.

A single glance was enough to tell James that they were twins because they looked exactly alike.

What made the old coot frown was the fact that they were in the void. A place where space and time flowed erratically. One single mistake and you would find yourself trapped in an unknown world, or sent back to the past, or to the future.

When one of the girls spotted James, she immediately pointed at him, which alerted her other twin.

""Great Grandpa!""

Both girls cried out at the same time as they ran towards James crying like… well, the little lost girls that they were.

Although James had his doubts, he still dismounted from Sleipnir and knelt down to receive the two adorable, pink-haired girls that had called him Great Grandpa.

For James, the words Great Grandpa were music to his ears. Besides, he had a hunch that he knew who these twin girls belonged to.

"Wuwuwuwu, Great Grandpa, I'm scared," one of the pink-haired girls buried her head on James' chest as she cried her heart out. "Maple is scared, Great Grandpa."

"Wuwuwuwu, Great Grandpa, I'm scared," the other pink-haired girl also buried her head on James' chest as she cried her heart out like her twin. "Cinnamon is scared, Great Grandpa."

James lovingly patted the heads of the two adorable girls.

"There there, Great Grandpa is here," James coaxed the twins so that they would stop crying. "Where are your parents? What are you doing in this place?"

"Wuwuwu, Big Sister took us out to play," Maple replied. "But we got separated after a strong wind blew us away."

"Wuwuwu, Great Grandpa, help us find our Big Sisters," Cinnamon pleaded. "They might be here somewhere."

James nodded as she lifted the two girls to ride Sleipnir.

The moment sat on top of James' eight-legged horse, the two pink-haired girls stopped crying and started patting its neck.

Sleipnir had the ability to ensure that the riders he had recognized wouldn't fall off his back no matter how fast he ran.

Since James personally made the two girls mount his back, Sleipnir had also recognized them as his riders. Even if James didn't secure them in place, they wouldn't fall off even if he ran at full speed.

The twins were already shouting things like "Giddiyap!" or "Run horsey run!", which made James smile.

The image of the pink-haired girl that always stayed beside William appeared in his mind, and it made James want to go back to Hestia, just to give his grandson a good smacking, for being an irresponsible father.

"You said you got separated from your Big Sisters," James said. "How many Big Sisters accompanied you to this place?"

Cinnamon started to count with her fingers, while Maple tugged on James' arm.

"We came with three Big Sisters with us," Maple said while showing four fingers.

"That's four." James chuckled as he put down one of Maple's fingers. "This is three."

Maple, seeing her mistake, happily raised her three fingers again and showed it to James. "Three Big Sisters!"

"Okay." James nodded. "Let's look for your three Big Sisters. Sleipnir, run around the surrounding area. If you find any traces of living people, head in their direction right away."

Sleipnir neighed as he ran at a speed that wasn't too fast, or too slow, which made the two adorable girls cheer and laugh on his back, which made the old bandit's heart melt at the heartwarming scene.

—--

Back at K-City…

The black orb of darkness had already expanded to be the size of a car.

A minute later, a mirror flew from its dark depths and flew towards the North of the city.

Two minutes later, another mirror appeared. This time, it flew towards the South.

As time passed, more and more mirrors appeared and flew in different directions. After an hour, exactly nine mirrors hovered at the skies above the borders of the city. On their surface, a bright pulsing light could be seen, which was slowly, but surely, expanding on the entire surface of the mirror.

It was at this moment when the buses of the University were headed towards Orion Grand Stadium to watch the baseball match, on which their University's Baseball Team was competing. Currently, the buses were not moving because the traffic light was still red.

It was at this moment when they heard a loud cracking sound that reverberated in the entire city.

A Black Tower suddenly appeared in the sky, and with its appearance. All the power in the city went out. Even the battery of the bus that Belle and the others were currently riding was drained of its energy, making its functions cease to exist.

"What is going on?" the professor who was seated near the driver asked in confusion.

However, before the Bus Driver could give a reply, a gigantic black foot suddenly stomped down on the road in front of them, making the ground tremble, and the bus shake uncontrollably.

"Manually open the door now!" Belle ordered as she stood from her seat. "Open the door! We are in danger!"

As someone who had seen the unbelievable scenes in William's memories, Belle understood that what was happening was not normal.

Fortunately, the Bus Driver was already a step ahead of her, and was already attempting to open the door manually.

Half a minute later, the door of the bus opened and everyone started to leave the bus in a disorderly manner.

When Belle finally made her way out, her eyes widened at the unbelievable scene in front of her.

A Golem made out of Darkness was slowly materializing right in front of her.

"Are they shooting some kind of movie?" One of the boys looked around, hoping to see a movie camera to assert his claim.

"Damn! Are they shooting the sequel for Revengers End Fame?"

"Where's Thor? I want to see Thor!"

"Spademan, where are you?!"

"I'm a big fan of Captain Murica. Do you think I can get an autograph?!"

All around Belle, people were pointing at the Giant Black Golem with shocked expressions on their faces.

Some of them were recording the scene, while others were busy taking pictures with their cellphones. In minutes, the appearance of the Black Golem had spread across several social media platforms, making K-City the focus of everyone in the country.

Instead of panicking, the people in the area found the whole thing interesting. Because the Golem wasn't moving and simply standing in place. They even thought that it was part of a movie scene, and they were lucky enough to be included in the production of such a film.

However, Belle knew that this wasn't a movie or a T.V shoot. She knew with absolute certainty that sooner or later, the Giant Black Golem would start to move, and that was when their nightmare would begin.

"Everyone, leave this place, now!" Belle ordered. "This is not some kind of movie! That's a real Golem. Everyone run!"Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

As if waiting for that cue, the Black Golem roared, making everyone in its surroundings unable to move their bodies.

The Black Golem looked down and stared at Belle. After looking at her for a few seconds, it extended its hands towards her, wanting to capture the strong-willed young lady, who had recognized it for what it was.