Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 915 - Worst Fears Coming To Life

Half an hour before the Golem appeared in K-City…

William had just stepped out of the shower room, while drying his hair with a hand towel.

It was already lunch time, and he only had a few hours of sleep. Even so, he didn't have any problems with it.

His only concern was that he was unable to accompany Belle to the Museum and tour the exhibits with her.

After wearing a matching pair of pants, shirt, and blazer, the Half-Elf left his room to go to the restaurant inside the hotel to eat.

The moment he entered, he received playful winks from the staff that were tasked to assist their guests in the buffet style restaurant that William chose to eat lunch.

Feeling mischievous, the Half-Elf returned their playful winks with winks of his own, making the ladies blush in embarrassment.

After choosing a few dishes that caught his eyes, William sat on the table near a 60 inch T.V that was currently showing a noon-time K-Drama.

William had just finished taking a bite of a fried chicken when the program came to an abrupt halt and the face of an anxious news anchor suddenly appeared.

At the bottom of the screen, bold letters in red could be seen which read "Live Emergency Report".

"We interrupt your daily program to bring you this emergency broadcast," the news anchor reported with a serious expression on his face. "A large, unidentified object, which looks like a Black Tower, has appeared in the skies above the city."

Suddenly, something emerged from the Black tower and descended on the city.

It was a giant black orb that made William immediately bolt out of the restaurant as he ran towards the exit of the hotel.

Everyone was so preoccupied with what was happening, that they didn't notice that the red-headed teenager had left in haste after seeing the news on T.V.

It was at that moment when the giant black orb started to transform. A pair of legs appeared and stepped on the street with a loud crash, creating a mini shockwave that sent nearby cars flying several meters in the air.

The guests of the restaurants gasped in shock as they listened to what the news anchor had to say next.

"This just came in from the Mayor of the City," the News Anchor announced as he read the words that were appearing on the computer in front of him. "A State of Emergency has been declared in K-City. Everyone near the center of the city are advised to evacuate as quickly as possible.

The police force has already been mobilized to head to the scene in order to help people evacuate. Please, cooperate with the authorities to ensure your safety and wait for further instructions."

"Roads are expected to receive heavy congestion. Do not hesitate to travel on foot in order to reach a safe location. Everyone, please, proceed with caution!"

—--

William flew a few meters aboveground , traveling over the streets towards the center of the city.

When the people saw him fly past them, all of them looked in his direction and started snapping pictures.

"Wow! Is that Zuperman?!"

"He must be one of the Revengers! Where is the camera?! I want to join the movie!"

"Did you get a picture? Mine is blurry. I knew I should have pressed the record button instead!"

As Wiliam neared the center of the city, he could see a lot of people running away in panic, while looking behind them.

The Black Golem had mostly materialized itself, and was currently standing still, motionless. According to William's estimates, the Black Golem was around a hundred meters tall (328 ft)

Suddenly, the Black Golem roared, which made the people near it paralyzed in fear and shock.

As if seeing something interesting, the Black Golem looked down and reached out to grab something from the ground.

William's heart almost stopped beating when he saw where the hand was headed.

Immediately, his entire body was covered by lightning, as he shot towards the hand that was about to grab his Beloved.

—-

Belle could only stare helplessly at the giant hand that was about to grab her.Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Just like her classmates, she was standing rooted in place, unable to move even the fingers on her hands.

Just as the hand was about to grab her, a flash of light suddenly appeared, and knocked the giant's hand away, making the giant scream in pain.

"Bastard, how dare you covet my fiance?" a red-headed teenager shouted as he stood between Belle and the Black Golem who had attempted to grab her earlier.

The Half-Elf raised his hand and snapped his finger, which caused everyone in the surroundings to regain control of their body.

"Belle, take everyone away and leave this place," William said as he turned his head to look at Belle whose face was filled with anxiety. "This is not my first time dealing with Giants. I can handle this, now go."

William flew to the air and summoned Ruyi Jingu Bang.

Right now, he needed to buy time and ensure that the Giant Black Golem wouldn't be able to hurt the civilians.

For that to happen, he needed to block all of the Giant Golem's attacks.

William's brows were furrowed because no matter how much he, and the System, tried to appraise their enemy, they couldn't tell its rank, or any information about it.

The red-headed teenager briefly glanced at the ground, just in time to see the university students, and the other people running away towards the South of the city.

His and Belle's gaze met, and the latter gave him a firm nod to tell him that she understood. He was quite thankful that Paula and Hana were there to pull Belle away because the latter kept on looking behind her.

After seeing that they had run a safe distance away from him, the Half-Elf shifted his attention to the Giant Black Golem whose eyes glowed crimson red.

'This might get messy,' William thought as the giant swung his arm to give him a punch.

The Half-Elf didn't panic and activated his Heroic Avatar. Right now, he needed to ensure that everyone would be able to evacuate safely. The giant hand, and Ruyi Jingu Bang met, creating a metallic ring that spread across the center of the city.

It marked the start of a battle that would bring William's worst fears to life.