Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 916 - Even Heroes Have The Right To Bleed [Part 1]

"Isn't that boy Belle's fiance?" one of the teenage boys that had just snapped out of his paralyzed state pointed at William.

"Yes," his friend answered. "I can't possibly forget that red hair of his. Even now, I'm still in awe of how he slapped those gangsters. Turns out that he's not an ordinary person."

"Damn! Did you see how he knocked that giant's hand away?! That was wicked!"

"I knew our University's Belle would not choose an ordinary person as a fiance. That boy was a freaking superhero!"

"Is he perhaps one of the Revengers? Will his superhero friends make an appearance too?!"

Everyone watched as the red-headed teenager floated between Belle and the Giant Black Golem who was roaring in anger.

"Belle, take everyone away and leave this place," William said as he turned his head to look at Belle whose face was filled with anxiety. "This is not my first time dealing with Giants. I can handle this, now go."

As William flew towards the Giant Black Golem, Belle ordered for everyone to run towards the South, away from the battle.

The Professors who accompanied the students on their trip snapped out of their daze and hurriedly repeated Belle's orders. Those who didn't want to budge were reprimanded heavily. The professors even threatened that they would be suspended, and their parents called to the university.

The threat of the teachers worked, and the students obeyed. But, some of them weren't able to stop themselves from taking out their cellphones and started to take pictures of the William and the Giant Golem.

Some of them even attempted to record the scene, but stopped after getting smacked by their professors in the head, forcing them to evacuate the place with bitter expressions on their faces.

Paula and Hana ran behind Belle, but both of them were still in shock and in disbelief. They never thought that the red-headed teenager that they casually talked to was actually someone with super powers.

"Belle, is William really a superhero?" Paula asked as she ran beside her best friend.

Belle gave her best friend a side-long glance before turning her head to look at her Beloved who was busy blocking the Giant Golem's repeated attacks.

"No," Belle answered. "But right now, he has no choice to be one."

Although Belle knew that her Beloved was strong, there was an unexplainable anxiety inside her heart that she couldn't explain.

—--

The mirrors that were floating around the borders of K-City started to glow brightly.

Suddenly, a beam of light shot out from one of the mirrors, and flew towards the nearest mirror that was located on its right side.

When the beam of light landed on the surface of the second mirror, it bounced off and traveled to the next mirror on its right.

As the beam of light traveled around the borders of the city, a magic circle started to form in the skies.

When the beam of light hit the surface of the last mirror, a barrier appeared along the border of the city preventing anyone from coming in and going out of the city.

However, before the barrier completely covered the city, a helicopter managed to enter it at the last minute.

This was the helicopter that belonged to the Parker Corporation, which was managed by Belle's Mother, Adele.

"What in the world is going on?" Adele frowned as she looked at the Black Tower, and the Giant Black Golem that could be seen at the center of the city. "Just what is happening?!"

Raymond also didn't understand what was currently happening in K-City because they had just arrived at the scene.

"Contact Belle," Raymond said. "We will pick her up and get out of this place."

Adele nodded. The reason why they came to this place was to see Belle. Now that an unknown threat had appeared in the city, it was best to take their daughter to safety.

Fortunately, Belle picked up after her phone rang twice, which reduced the anxiety in Adele's heart.

"Belle, where are you right now? Your father and I are here in K-City and riding a helicopter" Adele asked as soon as the call connected. "Are you safe?"

"Yes," Belle answered. There was a trace of worry in her voice after hearing that her parents were also in K-City. "Ma, why are you and Papa here? The city is not safe! You should turn back now!"

"No. We will not leave without you," Adele replied in a firm voice. "Where is William? Ask him to accompany you to a safe place and we will pick both of you up. Are Paula and Hana with you? We can take them with us as well."

There was a brief moment of silence before Belle answered her mother's question.

"Paula and Hana are with me," Belle stated. "However, William is not here. He is currently fighting against the Giant Golem, in an attempt to buy time for the people in the surrounding area to evacuate."

"What?! William is fighting against that thing?!" Adele gasped in shock as she gazed at the Giant Black Golem in the distance.

The Giant Golem was currently swinging its arms to attack something, but it was too far for Adele to see who it was fighting against.

Adele was shocked enough that she was grateful to be using the helicopter's headset instead of her cell phone since she would have most definitely dropped her phone when she heard Belle's words—that the one that was fighting against the Giant Golem was the same boy who had asked for her daughter's hand in marriage.

Raymond, who had just been listening to his wife's and daughter's conversation, flipped the comm switch so he could talk to Belle.

"Where are you right now?" Raymond asked. "Let's meet up first. We can talk about what to do next when you and your friends are safe and sound."

Belle knew that time was crucial, so she immediately told her parents the nearest landmark near her location.

Raymond flipped the comm switch again so he could talk to the pilot of the helicopter.

"Sir, we can only stay airborne for one more hour," the pilot stated before pointing at the light barrier that surrounded the city. "Also, I'm not sure if we can get past that light anomaly that looks like a barrier from a movie. I suggest that after we pick up the young miss, we refuel at our company's helipad."

Raymond nodded in understanding. "Very well. Let's pick up my daughter first. We can worry about refueling and getting out of this place later."

The pilot nodded as he steered the helicopter towards the center of the city. Although he didn't want to be near the Giant Golem, his employers' daughter was currently in the danger zone, so he gritted his teeth, while praying to the Gods for their safety.

—--

William who was currently doing his best to minimize the damage in his surroundings was getting pushed back little by little.

Right now, he couldn't actively hit the Giant Golem because he was afraid that the Golem would knock down the skyscrapers around them, causing massive casualties.

Due to his heightened senses, he was able to see that there were still many people inside the buildings. Some of them were even recording the battle in real time, which almost made the Half-Elf vomit blood in anger.

"Motherf*ckers, do you think this is some kind of movie stunt!?" William shouted with all of his might. "If you don't want to die then evacuate the buildings now!"

The Half-Elf waved his hand and shot a barrage of stone bullets at the windows of the nearby skyscrapers to make the fools who were recording his battle realize that they were in great danger.

The sounds of windows shattering, and screams of people echoed in the surroundings. William made sure that only the windows of the buildings would be destroyed, and the people behind them would be unharmed.

Fortunately, the destroyed windows had the intended effect that he wanted. All the people in the buildings started to evacuate for real this time, which made the Half-Elf sigh in relief.

However, after seeing his display of concern to the surroundings, the Giant Golem suddenly changed its strategy.

Instead of attacking the red-headed teenager in front of it, the Giant Golem swung its arm towards the nearest building with the intention of destroying it completely!Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m