Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 917 - Even Heroes Have The Right To Bleed [Part 2]

"Sh*t!" William cursed out loud as he swung Ruyi Jingu Bang upwards. The golden staff extended, and slapped the Giant Black Golem's hand upwards, preventing it from hitting its target.

However, as if it expected that to happen, another arm grew out from the right side of its body to deliver another strike to the building that William had just prevented it from hitting.

Before the attack connected, William delivered his own punch to deflect the attack, while his entire body was clad in lightningbolt.

A resounding crack was heard, but it was not the golem's hand that broke, but William's.

The Half-Elf had a pained expression on his face, as he landed on the ground.

The knuckle of his right arm was bleeding, and the bone could be seen from his injury. He didn't expect that the Golem was incredibly hard, that his full forced attack wasn't able to destroy its intended target.

The thing that surprised him the most was that Sun Wukong's body was nearly invincible. Right now, he was in his Heroic Avatar form, so very few things could withstand his might even if William fought barehanded.

The fact that the one that got heavily injured was him, and not the golem, only meant one thing. The Golem far surpassed the threshold of the Ranks of Demigods.

William immediately changed his job class to Life Wizard and cast a powerful regeneration spell on his arm. He also drank a Rejuvenation Potion to speed up the process because he couldn't afford to wait for it to recover completely.

He and Optimus couldn't gauge the strength of their opponent, which further strengthened his guess that he was at least fighting something at the Pseudo-God rank and above.

However, there was one thing that confused William, those with that kind of power had to pay a price for descending into the mortal realm. Since the Giant Golem dared to do so, it only meant that it was not afraid of the repercussions of its actions.

'This Golem is simply a puppet,' William thought as he glanced at the Black Tower floating in the sky. 'The Mastermind must be inside the Black Tower. If I can break past its defenses, I might be able to stop this Golem's attacks.'

William's plan was good, but there was one problem. He couldn't leave the Giant Black Golem alone because if he did, it might start a rampage that could kill many innocent people.

'Dammit!' William cursed internally.

Unlike the scenario in the Deadlands, William was able to wield his powers on Earth without any repercussions.

The only problem was that he couldn't summon his King's Legion from his domain, because the laws of the world didn't allow it.

While William was staring daggers at the Giant Golem that towers above him. The giant raised its head to roar at the sky as if telling the owner of the Black Tower to give it permission to unleash its powers.

A few seconds later, several arms jutted out of its body, which made William's face turn grim.

"F*ck!" The Half-Elf wasn't able to stop the F word from escaping his lips after the Giant Golem grew six menacing arms that gleamed in the sunlight.

William then stared at his injured arm and the frown on his face deepened.

For some reason, his regeneration powers weren't working properly. Although the injury to his right hand was regenerating, it was healing at a much slower rate.

Unfortunately for him, the giant didn't intend to wait for him to fully recover. It once again attacked the building beside it with a fervor that made the hairs at the back of William's neck stand on end.Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

The Half-Elf knew that the Giant Golem knew that he didn't have a choice. If he didn't block its attack, the building would collapse, killing the people inside it.

William gritted his teeth as he turned into a lightning bolt. He knew that it was a futile endeavor, but he still did it. If he could only buy the people some time to evacuate, even if it was just a few seconds, perhaps some of them would be able to survive.

Raising his left hand, he blocked the first attack, and blocked the second one as well. However the third, sent him smashing towards the building, breaking the skyscraper in half.

The Half-Elf's body flew hundreds of meters away from the building before crashing on the hard stone pavement.

Blood streamed down the side of his lips, as he glared hatefully at the Giant Golem who was looking down at him with ridicule.

Although the Giant Golem didn't say anything, its eyes seemed to tell William that whatever he was doing was meaningless.

William's body was aching, but he still forced himself to stand up.

It was at that moment when he realized that the place where he crashed down was a place where people had gathered to escape the center of the city.

Once again, William changed his Job Class and used a powerful healing spell on his entire body. Although he seemed fine on the surface, the Giant Golem's attacks had caused him some internal injuries.

'Now I'm sure of it,' William thought as he grimaced in pain. 'That Golem is a Divine Creature of some sort.'

Blood was also coming out from his nose and ears, which made him look like a sorry sight.

After chugging another bottle of rejuvenation potion, William was about to fly and confront the Giant Golem once again a little girl approached him to offer the Half-Elf her handkerchief.

"Big Brother, are you a superhero?" the girl asked with an anxious expression on her face. "Can you beat that monster?"

William smiled as he accepted the handkerchief, to wipe the bloodstains on his lips and nose.

However, before he could even answer, a teenage boy stepped forward to drag the little girl away from William. The Half-Elf assumed that he was the girl's older brother, so he just continued to wipe his face with the handkerchief given to him.

"He's no superhero," the boy said as he stared at the disheveled red-headed teenager who was holding the golden staff in his hand. "How can a superhero get beaten up? Look. He's bleeding all over."

The people around the two children nodded their heads. They didn't see William fighting against the Giant Black Golem, and only thought him as a lucky person who managed to survive the golem's attack.

"You're right. I am not a superhero," William answered as he used his magic to clean the handkerchief in his hand. "But right now, I have no choice but to be one. Also, I think you have a misunderstanding about heroes ...."

William returned the little girl's handkerchief before his body hovered above the ground.

Lightning bolts snaked around his body, making the air around him tremble. Stormcaller and Soleil hovered above him as William decided to bring out his big guns to fight by his side.

"Even heroes have the right to bleed," William said softly as he flew towards the Giant Black Golem with a determined look on his face.

The people who didn't think much of William earlier all gasped in shock as they saw him transform into a lightning bolt, and streaked towards the Giant Golem that had started to destroy the buildings around it like it was having fun.