Chapter 918 - Sit Down, Son!Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

William was feeling frustrated. His injuries were healing at a slow rate while the Giant Golem in front of him was wreaking havoc like a little child throwing a temper tantrum.

In short, the situation was very tricky, and his mind was working at full capacity in order to think of a way to deal with his current dilemma.

It was not as if he couldn't beat the crap out of the Giant Black Golem, but the problem was that the entirety of K-City was filled with people.

Fighting against the Giant Golem would require him to devastate the surrounding area, which would lead to thousands of people dying. This was something that the Half-Elf couldn't do, so his hands were tied.

The Giant Golem, on the other hand, didn't have this problem. It was a creature that was born to destroy, and take the lives of others.

It had noticed that William was only resorting to defending against its attacks, so it decided to just destroy the surroundings, and force the puny insect to meet his attacks head-on, causing the latter's injuries.

Its initial plan worked, and it successfully dealt a great blow to William. After realizing that its strategy was working, it focused on destroying everything in its path, killing thousands of people within minutes.

K-City had a population of three million people, which made it very difficult for William to go all out, especially since a barrier had erected itself along the borders of the city, preventing people from coming in or going out.

The red-headed teenager's heart ached after seeing the bodies of the people that had been crushed by the collapsed building in their surroundings.

A good number of them had been trampled by the Giant Black Golem, who seemed to think that destroying buildings and killing people were fun. This infuriated William as he smashed Ruyi Jingu Bang on top of its head making it cry out in pain.

Stormcaller, and Soleil took that opportunity to fire lightning bolts, and fireballs at its eyes, intensifying the damage it was accumulating.

William flew towards the Giant Golem's head as he summoned one of the weapons in his possession. This was the first time that he was personally going to use the weapon, but he was confident that he would be able to give the Giant Golem in front of him a very painful experience.

"You think killing people is fun, right? Since that is the case, I'll make you feel what dying feels like!" William roared as he pulled back his arm in preparation to throw the weapon in his hand.

"Lightning God War Art Thirteenth Form…," William's eyes were filled with killing intent as the weapon in his hand turned crimson red. "Go for the kill… Gae Bolg!"

The famous spear that was known to cause mortal pain and death to whoever it pierced, flew towards the Giant Golem's right eye, leaving a trail of crimson light behind it.

The Black Giant Golem wanted to swat it down, but Stormcaller and Soleil fired their long range attacks at its head, making the Giant Golem miss its target

Gae Bolg Pierced through its eyes, and firmly embedded itself inside its head, making the Giant howl in pain.

However, the deadly spear was far from finished from its onslaught. Two-meter long jagged spikes jutted out of the spear's blade in every direction, making it look like a porcupine, causing immense pain to the giant.

A minute later, several red lines appeared on the giant's head, and started to spread across its entire body like giant bulging blood vessels that were writhing out of control.

Legend had it that once Gae Bolg had pierced its target, it would make them suffer insufferable hell, making them wish they were dead.

Right now, the Giant Golem was feeling that pain and it was driving it crazy.

It no longer attacked its surroundings, but solely focused its attention on William, wanting to have its revenge on the pesky fly that dared to antagonize it.

However, William had already thought of a way to deal with the Giant without endangering the populace.

William held Ruyi Jingu Bang with both hands as he rose above the giant's head. He then swung the Golden Staff as it grew in size, becoming as long and thick as the Giant Golem In front of him.

"Fore!" William shouted as he hit the Giant Black Golem like a golf ball, sending it flying towards the sea.

Ruyi Jingu Bang was also a Divine Weapon, so it didn't have a problem when fighting against objects of the same tier.

The moment the Giant Golem landed on the sea, it made a huge splash, sending waves flying in every direction.

William immediately turned into a lightning bolt to go towards the Golem and prevent it from coming back to the city.

The Giant Black Golem was furious after receiving William's attack, so the moment it was able to, it stood up from the sea and roared towards the sky.

However, that was a mistake because the infuriated Half-Elf was a hundred meters above its head.

"Sit down, Son!" William ordered as he slammed Ruyi Jingu Bang into the Giant Golem's head.

Currently, the thickness of the golden staff was that of a castle, which forced the Golem to sink down into the sea like a nail being hit by a hammer.

The size of the Ruyi Jingu Bang further increased as the Half-Elf smashed down for the second time, pinning the bastard golem in place.

—-

"That's William?!" Adele gasped in shock as she stared at the unbelievable battle that was happening in the sea.

"Yes," Belle replied with a trace of pride in her voice. "That's him."

Belle's parents had managed to pick up their daughter at the place they had agreed upon. Since there were plenty of seats in the helicopter, they also took Paula and Hana with them.

The two girls had been Belle's best friends for several years, and Raymond and Adele were very fond of them.

Paula, who used to be at odds with William, was rendered speechless after seeing how the red-headed teenager was single-handedly fighting against a giant that was almost as tall as a skyscraper.

"A-Amazing," Paula muttered. "Belle, your fiance is amazing."

Belle nodded. After seeing the battles that William had fought in his memories, she was sure that the Half-Elf was capable of dealing against the Giant Black Golem.

However, for some reason, there was a nagging feeling at the back of her head that seemed to tell her that this was just the beginning of something more sinister.

As if waiting for that cue, the Black Tower that was floating in the sky glowed three times. Half a minute later, two Giant Black Golems descended upon the city, sending a new wave of screams and panic through the people who were caught in the two Golem's landing sites.

William, who was about to smash his golden staff to the struggling Golem that he had pinned down on the sea, froze in shock.

He was already having a hard time pinning a single Giant Golem down, and two more had just appeared.

Images of the Deadlands flashed inside his head, which made him grit his teeth in frustration.

Although the Half-Elf had faced many difficult situations in the past, he had to admit that the current situation was making him feel a sense of helplessness.