Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 919 - A Price That He Didn't Want To Pay

It was not only William who felt helpless with the current situation that they were in.Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Raymond, Adele, Belle, Paula, and Hana, who were inside the helicopter, had a birds eye view of what was currently happening in the city.

People running through the streets, screaming and crying for help.

Cars crashed against each other as they tried to get as far away from the Golems as possible.

People along the borders of the city were banging on the barrier with whatever they could smash at it, in the hopes that they would be able to create an opening and get through it.

The Policemen tried to assure the people that everything was going to be fine, but were unable to quell the fear and anxiety that was taking hold of everyone's senses.

If there were two words that could be used to describe the current circumstances of K-City they would be none other than Complete Pandemonium.

Suddenly, loud noises came from the sky as several fighter jets appeared over the horizon. All of them fired their missiles towards the barrier, while aiming at the two giant Golems.

Unfortunately, their missiles weren't able to destroy the barrier. Not even a crack appeared on its surface.

Even so, they didn't give up. They fired all of the missiles they were carrying hoping that a concentrated attack would create a miracle.

After a series of loud explosions, the hope of everyone crumbled. The barrier remained strong, and the aerial reinforcements of the country couldn't break it.

The appearance of the Fighter Jets gave William an idea. He aimed the over-sized Ruyi Jingu Bang on the barrier and fired a railgun to break it.

A deafening sound reverberated in the surroundings as William's attack collided with the barrier. Unlike what happened to the missiles, William's attack had caused a small crack on its surface.

However, before the Half-Elf could even rejoice, the crack regenerated instantly forcing William to try something daring.

"Quick Shot War Art Fusion Form…" William aimed at the barrier for the second time. "Blitzer Railgun!"

William fused with Ruyi Jingu Bang as it smashed towards the barrier with great tenacity.

Several cracks started to appear on the barrier, which gave everyone hope. But, before they could fully celebrate, the Earth under their feet shook.

Just as William finally created a hole through the barrier, something unexpected happened.

The entirety of K-City rose up a hundred meters to the air, making William's plan to allow the people to escape by breaking the barrier useless.

The hole that he had also made a while ago, regenerated in less than five seconds, preventing the Fighter Jets from entering the city's air space to provide military support.

William knew that creating another crack on the barrier was a futile idea. Even if the Jet Fighters were able to get past the barrier, so what?

Their current weapons were ineffective against the Giant Golems, and their entry might just make the entire situation take a turn for the worse.

Just as the Half-Elf was about to think that things couldn't get any worse, the Black Tower once again glowed brightly.

This time, the people that had died during the Golems' rampage, started to stir from their deathly slumber.

"Gods, please, don't do this," William muttered with dejection as the dead people propped themselves up and stood on their feet.

Their body parts that had been crushed earlier reformed and re-attached themselves to their owner's body, making them complete.

The once lively city had now taken a step to become a full blown, apocalypse movie, in real life. Just as William was thinking of what to do next, the sole helicopter flying in the sky caught his eyes.

Due to his heightened senses, he was able to tell that Belle, her parents, and her best friends were inside the helicopter.

It was that moment when William resolved himself that no matter what happens, he would do his best to allow the helicopter to leave K-City in one piece.

Although it was a bit selfish of him to prioritize saving the life of his Beloved, this was something that William had decided.

Even if many people died, as long as Belle was alive, he would be able to fight against the Giants without holding back.

After making his decision, he flew towards the helicopter in order to tell them about his plan.

But, before he could even get near it, a red beam of light shot out from the Black Tower and destroyed the helicopter's rotors, making it free-fall towards the ground.

"Noooo!" William shouted as he turned into a lightning bolt to catch the falling helicopter.

Due to his speed, he managed to catch the helicopter and dodge the Black Tower's second beam attack which was aimed at the body of the helicopter.

William carried the Helicopter near the border of the city, away from the Giant Golems and the zombies that were now starting to hunt for those who were still alive to feast on.

After finding a good place to land, the Half-Elf slowly placed the helicopter on the ground.

He then tore open the door to check if everyone was safe.

"Belle!" William glanced at his Beloved, who seemed to have lost consciousness while strapped to her seat with a safety harness.

Raymond and the pilot were the only one conscious, while all the girls had fainted when the helicopter started its freefall.

After a quick diagnostic, William breathed a sigh of relief after finding out that the ladies were fine, and had just passed out from fright.

Just to be on the safe side, he cast a healing spell on all of them, which allowed them to regain consciousness after the spell ended.

"Listen," William said as he held Belle's hand. "The city is no longer safe, and I can't take you out of this place even if I wanted to. The best thing you can do is hide. I will do my best to prevent the Golems from coming to this location, but the zombies on the ground might pose a threat. Do your best to find a hiding place where they cannot see and reach you."

The red-headed teenager wished that he could summon his King's Legion to defend Belle, but it was not possible.

Suddenly, a small chirp reached his ears as a small portal, the size of a golf ball appeared beside him.

Aethon, William's little wren, forced itself out of the small portal, but it was stuck.

The Half-Elf hurriedly tried to widen the gap in order for the little guy to pass through. A few seconds later, the wren circled William's head before landing on Belle's shoulder.

"Chirp!"

"You will protect her?" William looked at the little bird with a dumbfounded expression.

"Chirp!"

The red-headed teenager didn't know if he should laugh or cry on Aethon's confident reply. He didn't know how the little Wren was able to get past the laws that prevented his other friends from coming over to help him, but he was still thankful that at least one of them answered his call.

"Okay, take care of her," William said with a serious expression. "If you fail, I will make sure to roast you later."

"Chirp!"

Aethon patted its chest with its wings as if telling William that he had nothing to worry about. Right now, the Half-Elf could only trust that his little Wren had something up iys sleeves that gave it the confidence to tell its Master that everything was going to be fine.

"I'm going," William stated. "All of you, please be safe."

Just as William was about to fly away, a delicate hand grabbed onto his arm, stopping him in his tracks. The Half-Elf turned around to see Belle look at him with a worried look on her beautiful face.

"Be careful," Belle said before kissing William's right cheek. "That is for goodluck. Don't you dare die on me."

William smiled and nodded his head. How could he possibly die when he still hadn't kept his promise to Belle and his other wives? He had no intention of doing so. So many people were waiting for his return, and he couldn't allow himself to fall here.

"Understood," William replied. "Be safe, Belle."

The Half-Elf then flew in the direction of the nearest Giant Golem without looking back.

It was at that moment when William realized that if he wanted to turn this entire situation around, he must pay the price of it.

A price that he never wanted to pay unless he was left with no other choice.