Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 920 - I'm Sorry, Will

"N-No! Don't come closer! Noooo!" a man screamed in fear as a group of zombies managed to encircle him.

With no place to go, the man was helplessly pinned down and bitten by the Zombies while he screamed with all of his might. A minute later, the man stood up, and joined the ranks of the Zombie hoard, in search of other people to turn into one of their kind.

This scene was happening all over the city, and William couldn't do anything about it. Right now, his priority was to deal with the two Giant Black Golems. These behemoths could kill more people than all the Zombies combined, so it was a no-brainer for William to prioritize them over the other.

Just like he did with the first Golem, William sent the next Golem flying towards the sea, hitting the other Giant Golem that was just about to reach the shore.

Before the two could even recover their footing, another Golem smashed against them. However, the Half-Elf wasn't done with them just yet.

Ruyi Jingu Bang's thickness was now the size of the Glory Shelter.

With a single thrust, William smacked the three Giant Golems and sent them smashing towards the barrier.

Although he knew that the Golems would just regenerate the damage they received in less than a minute, it was the only thing he could do. William needed to buy himself enough time to deal with the root of all problems, which was the Black Tower floating in the sky.

After sending the pesky golems to the sea, William then smashed Ruyi Jingu Bang towards the Black Tower with one full-powered-strike that was strong enough to decimate an entire mountain.

Unfortunately, his plan didn't work because an invisible barrier stopped his attack in its tracks.

William was all too familiar with this phenomenon. He already had his suspicions, but after attacking the black tower, his suspicions were confirmed, which made him sigh internally.

"A law," William muttered. "I will need to find a way to break it."

The red-headed teenager didn't know how the Deadlands ended up between the boundaries of life and death. He didn't know many things, but one thing was for sure. The Black Tower in front of him was more powerful than the one in the Deadlands.

While the Half-Elf was trying to find a way to break through the Black Tower's defenses by repeatedly smashing it with his oversized golden staff, the Black Tower glowed brightly, as if enraged by William's actions.

Twelve more Giant Black Golems appeared in the city, landing on the more populated areas, but the Black Tower wasn't finished. Thousands of cloaked figures, the size of normal humans appeared, and they were all holding a deathscythe in their hands

They were like the Grim Reaper of Death that William had seen in the deadlands, albeit smaller. Even so, William didn't dare to underestimate these cloaked figures because he couldn't tell how strong they were.

Without waiting for the Giant Golem's to start a one-sided massacre, William plucked up several of his hairs and blew on them.Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

These hairs turned into a dozen clones, which dealt with one giant each.

The Half-Elf knew that summoning more clones would just hasten the speed of how long he could keep his Heroic Avatar active, but there was nothing he could do about it.

There was only so much that a single person could do in the face of twelve giants, plus three more that were currently making their way towards the land from the sea.

While the red-headed teenager was busy fighting against the Golems, the cloaked figures descended on the city and started killing people.

They were the Grim Reapers that ferried souls to the afterlife. Right now, their purpose was to take as many souls as they could, which would then be taken to the Black Tower to act as its power source.

With each slash of their death scythes, people collapsed on the ground and their souls were harvested from their bodies by the cloaked figures that represented death.

People collapsed on the ground in droves, making them prime targets for the Zombies who chased anything that had a semblance of life in them.

Just as Belle, her parents, and her besties were looking for a safe place to hide, a dozen Grim Reapers descended from the sky and flew towards them.

Adele screamed as she grabbed hold of Belle in a protective embrace, she was using her body to shield her from harm, while Raymond stood in front of his wife and daughter and took a fighting stance.

Although he knew that this act was futile, the only way he would allow these Grim Reapers to get close to his family was over his dead body!

When the Grim Reapers were only dozens of meters away from their designated targets, a small Wren flew in their direction.

Without warning, Aethon's body glowed and transformed into a giant bird with a wingspan of seven meters.

The little Wren had transformed into a Roc, which was a feared monster in the World of Hestia. An adult Roc, had a wingspan of twelve meters and preyed on anything that it could carry, including elephants.

Aethon bit on one of the grim reapers, while its two claws grabbed two others. It then spun its body around, creating several wind blades that sliced off four more grim reapers, making them turn into particles of light.

In that single exchange, Aethon dealt with seven cloaked figures on its own, but it was not enough, as the remaining five flew towards Belle's group with weapons raised high.

Aethon screeched as it tried to turn its body around in order to save Belle and the others. it had made a promise to William that it would protect the black-haired beauty with everything it had, but the enemy was just far too many.

The Grim Reapers encircled the entire group because it wanted to eliminate them in one fell swoop. Paula, and Hana screamed, while Adele hid Belle behind her. Raymond, on the other hand, had resolved himself to fight to the death in order to protect his family.

"I'm sorry, Will," Belle muttered as the grim reapers swung their death scythes towards their bodies without showing any mercy.