Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 922 - Finally, A Worthy Opponent!

Just as William was thinking on what choice to make, the black tower in front of him started to change form.

It shrank to a tenth of its size and formed a humanoid appearance. It had long hair, but calling it hair was not appropriate because they were like long slithering snakes that extended up to three meters, and they eyed William with contempt.

The face was similar to that of a human with a red gem on its forehead, but since it was made from the black tower, the body was completely black, like obsidian. The ten-meter tall creature eyed William with its golden eyes, and its mouth opened to a sneer revealing its fangs.

"Ok, looks like we go with Option 2," William muttered as he gripped Ruyi Jingu Bang firmly.

However, just before he was going to charge at the enemy, a voice that came from the red portal made him freeze in place.

"Ah! So, you're here!" Chloee shouted as she waved her hand at her disciple. "Hola, William!"

William looked at Chloee with a confused expression on his face. "Sixth Master? What are you doing here?"

"Obviously I'm looking for you!" Chloee replied as she flew towards William. "I met these three sisters along the way and they said that if I enter their portal, I will find you. Looks like they didn't lie to me, so here I am!"

The corner of Willam's lips twitched because of his Sixth Master's explanation. Although he understood that Chloee wasn't smart, she wasn't gullible either. For her to believe those three sisters required her to take a leap of faith. It just proved that she was dead-set on finding him which made the Half-Elf feel a little happy inside.

"Um? Do you know the name of those three sisters?" William asked.

"What three sisters?" Chloee asked back as she tilted her head in confusion.

"The three sisters that opened a portal so you can appear here."

"What are you talking about?"

The little familiar scratched her head as if trying to remember something. When she entered the portal, her memory of the "three sisters" was still fresh. However, after half a minute, she had forgotten about them completely, which was the same thing that had happened to William when he appeared on Earth.

"Nevermind, it's not important." William decided to just focus on the problem at hand for the time being. With the appearance of his Sixth Master, he had gained a reliable ally.

It was at that moment when the suction power of the red portal strengthened. Optimus immediately informed William that if nothing was done, the entire city would be swallowed by the portal in two minutes. Because of this, the Half-Elf decided to take a gamble.

"Sixth Master, can you stall that thing for me?" William asked the little fairy who was busy looking at her surroundings.

Chloee eyed the ten-mater tall alien-like creature and frowned. Just like William, she couldn't appraise its rank, which made the little fairy smile fearlessly.

"Finally, a worthy opponent!" Chloee raised her small fist. "Our battle will be legendary! Okay. I'll handle this thing or whatever it is. You do what you need to do."

"Understood." William nodded. "Goodluck, Sixth Master."

William backed away so he wouldn't be involved in the battle that was about to take place. Truthfully, among the enemies that he had faced, nothing scared him more than his Sixth Master.

The little fairy was practically a cheat-like existence that was able to ignore the laws of the world. If the one who attacked the Black Tower earlier was Chloee, instead of William, there was a higher chance that her attack would break through because of her abilities that defied all logic.

Chloee fearlessly smiled as her body was enveloped with a bright light. When the light receded,

An adorable girl, who was the same height as Chiffon, floated in the sky. Her short blonde hair with curls in the end fluttered in the breeze, and her blue eyes that were as clear as the sky locked on to her target.

For Chloee, fighting against strong opponents was something she looked forward to. She was the only opponent that William recognized who had the ability to instantly kill him with a single punch, if he were to not take her seriously.

Suddenly a loud ringing sound reverberated in the surroundings, as the bells of the different churches in K-City rang at the same time. It was as if it was a sign that told everyone to endure for as long as they could because help was coming.

William hovered in the air with his eyes closed, as his hair slowly turned white.

With Chloee fighting the Black Tower, the Half-Elf could focus on the nine mirrors that had locked the entire city in a protective barrier.

Also, he needed to bend the laws to stop K-City from entering the red portal at all costs. The moment the city was engulfed by the portal, it was game over for every living Human that was still trapped in the city.

"Heroes of Valhalla," William said firmly.

Thirteen perfect clones appeared behind William holding the Mythical Weapons that had once wreaked havoc in the battlefield

Longinus, also known as the Holy Spear of Destiny. Some say that it had the ability to pierce through almost anything.

Khryselakatos, the Bow that was dedicated to the Goddess Artemis, the God of Hunting. It was said that it could shoot many arrows at once, covering the sun like rain.

Gae Bolg, the Spear of Mortal Pain that inflicted suffering to whoever was unlucky enough to be impaled by its deadly tip.

Caliburn, a Mythical Holy Sword that was said to be responsible for choosing the One True King that would lead the world to a new era.

The Grail Sword, a Sword used by a famous Knight who had served loyally to his King and fought alongside him through the harshest of battlefields.

Galatine, every light casts a shadow. If one was light, then this Sword represented the darkness. The Sword that tried to prevent the downfall of a kingdom, but ultimately failed in the end due to the overwhelming numbers and superiority of the foes it faced.

Arondight, a Sword that could only be wielded by the strongest Knight of an era. Only the best could wield this blade, and anyone who was foolish enough to try would lose their mind in the process.

Clarent, was a Ceremonial Sword that matched the power of the legendary weapon that was wielded by one of the true kings of Midgard. Deadly, and steady, sometimes it is often called the Kingslayer by many.

These weapons were special even among the weapons in William's arsenal.

They were the weapons that had accompanied William in almost all of his lifetimes. Sometimes he wielded them, sometimes they were wielded by others. However, one thing was certain, whenever he needed them, they would appear and answer his call.

"Scatter," William ordered and his thirteen clones flew in different directions.

Nine of them went to where the mirrors were located.Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

One of them went to where Belle and her group was in order to protect them.

Three went to deal with the giants that were starting to wreak havoc in the city.

William, on the other hand, hovered in the air as he activated the laws of the Deadlands that he had managed to collect.

His goal was the hardest of them all, which required all of his concentration.

While everyone was dealing with the enemies, he channeled his power to connect with every living human in K-City so he could teleport them away from it.

He was doing Plan A, B, and C all at once because the situation was that dire.

Wiliam didn't know if Chloee could beat the transformed Black Tower.

He didn't know if his clones could successfully prevent the city from entering the red portal.

And he didn't know if he would be able to save everyone from that gruesome fate that awaited them if his other plans were to fail.

However, he didn't have a choice.

Right now, the only thing he could do was give it everything he got, and pray to the Gods that the woman he loved with all of his heart would be able to leave this death-infested city… alive.