Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 923 - Ride Of The Valkyries

The death toll inside K-City was steadily rising.

As more people died due to the zombies and grim reapers, the undead army slowly grew. Now, they numbered in the tens of thousands, and there was simply no way to stop their advance.

William had his hands tied dealing with the Giant Black Golems, and trying to prevent the city from getting sucked by the red portal that was getting nearer with each passing second.

After taking a deep breath, William closed his eyes as he channeled all of his strength in gathering the still living humans in one part of the city, so that he could mass teleport them all in one go.

The red-headed teenager didn't have this ability. Fortunately, the nine mirrors did. Since he had absorbed their laws in the Deadlands, he was able to manipulate them to a certain extent. His only regret was that he couldn't take over them completely and use them to his advantage.

'Optimus, let's start,' William ordered.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

< … Are you sure? There's no turning back if you go with this route. According to my calculations, the most ideal option is to just teleport Belle, her parents, and her best friends away from this place. As long as you do that, the losses you will gain are minimal. >

William took a deep breath before answering the System who only had his best interest in mind.

'True. If I just turn a blind eye to everything around me then that is certainly the best option to take,' William answered with a calm expression on his face. 'However, if I choose that option, I will feel guilty my whole life.'

Somewhere far away, a mother hid her daughter behind her as she brandished a chair towards a zombie in order to protect her.

The zombie was blown away by the impact, and the chair was destroyed, but another zombie took its place. Lunging at the woman, it was prepared to bite her neck to end her life.

Just as its nefarious teeth was about to sink its fangs on the mother's neck, the mother and daughter pair disappeared from the house and reappeared where Belle's group was.

William had teleported both of them at the nick of time, saving them from further harm.

'Optimus, I'm not trying to be a martyr or anything,' William stated as he kept on teleporting those who were currently in danger. 'However, I can't turn a blind eye when Gods play with the lives of mortals. This is something that I cannot allow no matter what. Not back then, not now, not in the future!'

Beams of light flew towards the Southern Part of K-City where Belle's group had been relocated. Beads of sweat formed on William's forehead as Optimus helped him lock on the people that were in immediate danger.

'Tell me, Optimus, am I stupid for doing something unnecessary?' William asked.

< Yes. But, I guess, that is what it means to be Human. Even if you're only Half-Human right now. Since you chose this path then I will help you carry it out till the end. >

'Good. Optimus, remember what I told you before.'

< Understood. Leave it to me, Will. >

'Thank you.'

William opened his eyes as he resolved himself to do what he couldn't do in the past. When the Giants of Destruction trampled upon Asgard, and destroyed everything he held dear in his life, he was unable to stop them.

Even when he gave everything he had, it was still all for naught. That's why, this time, he would not falter.

He would not fail.

"I'm sorry, Belle," William said softly as he pressed his fist over the shining blue gem on his chest. "In the name of the All Father, I command my body to unlock the First Seal of my Power."

The sky darkened as dark clouds covered the sun. William's body glowed in a pale silver light.

"Warriors are not always the fastest or the strongest of men," William stated as the radiance around him intensified. "Warriors are those who choose to stand between their enemy and all that they love or hold sacred."

A pair of white wings protruded from behind his back, and a silver armor that the Einherjars wore to battle adorned his body.

William chanted as the powers that had been bestowed to him thousands of years ago manifested in full.

—--

Southern Continent…

Wendy raised her head to look at the sky. Her eyes glowed with power, as she held the spear in her hand firmly.

Thor, who was always by her side, also raised its head and howled towards the heavens. Its body grew in size as the streaks of lightning on its body glowed brightly.

—--

Inside the Thousand Beast Domain…

Charmaine and the other Elves raised their heads towards the sky. Their hearts trembled as William's voice passed through their minds.

It was an unusual sensation, as if they were being bathed in some kind of power that they had never felt before. A few seconds later, all of them gathered. They knew what they had to do, as if they had done it countless times in the past.

Their Prince had spoken, and they would answer his call.

—---

"What sort of dream is that, Odin?

I dreamed I rose up before dawn

to clear up Valhalla for slain people.

I aroused the Einheriar,

bade them get up to strew the benches,

clean the beer-cups,

the valkyries to serve wine

for the arrival of a Prince."

William smiled as he finished his chant.

Right now, he felt the power that he had wielded in a time that had been long forgotten. Although it fell short against the battle against the Army of Destruction, it was more than enough to accomplish the goal that he had set out to make.

"Caretakers of those that have fallen, come and wave the flags of battle. Today, we fight, and show the Gods our courage. To Odin and Thor we pay our homage."

"Show them the might of Asgard," William ordered. "Sing our songs of victory and make the world remember our names!"

"Ride of the Valkyries!"

William raised his hand and several portals appeared above him. A powerful hymn echoed across the city as the winged horses carrying the maidens of war appeared in the battlefield.

Suddenly a golden portal appeared, and from it came a three meter tall wolf whose body was cloaked in lightning bolts.

Seated on its back was none other than William's first wife, Wendy.

Her long blonde hair danced in the breeze, making her look like a War Goddess that had descended into the mortal realm to wage war against those who were foolish enough to oppose her.

In her left hand, she held a banner that fluttered freely, showing its unmatched majesty and glory. It was the banner of the Angorian War Sovereign that William had made when they were still in the Southern Continent.

In her right hand, she held a silver spear firmly in her hands. Its blade glowed faintly as if it was looking forward to the battle that was about to be waged.

Wendy's blue eyes turned crimson red as she circulated the power in her body. She had many questions to ask her husband, but that would have to wait until he dealt with the small fries that were now flying in their direction.

The Valkyries, headed by Charmaine, fell into formation behind Wendy, for the Elven beauties knew that the young lady in front of them was not only their Master's wife, but their Captain as well.

"Your orders, My Liege?" Wendy's gaze landed on William whose eyes looked back at her with love and affection.

"Safeguard the people and annihilate anything that dares to stand in your way," William ordered. "Go and show these fiends no mercy!"

"As you command!" Wendy shouted. "Rally to me!"

Thor roared as it ran in the sky as if it was running on land. The Valkyries followed behind her as they summoned their bows to strike.

"Kill!" Wendy ordered.

What followed next was the whistling of arrows as they rained down on their enemies. The deadly formation flew across the city and decimated the undead and grim reapers that were in their path.

Those who were on the ground were captivated by the grand sight. They all cheered and saluted the warrior maidens who had saved them from their plight.