Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 924 - It's Boring To Punch A Punching Bag

The city, which was slowly being sucked toward the red portal in the heavens, stopped mid-way, as William's clones successfully took control of the mirrors.

As the battle between Chloee and the transformed black tower intensified, the clones started to slowly, but surefly, make the city descend towards the ground.

Although they couldn't use the mirrors to break the barrier, as long as nothing unexpected happened, the city would be safe from the red portal above their heads.

"Eyah!" Chloee shouted as he smashed her fist against the enemy's chest, that she and William decided to call Deimos, sending it crashing towards the ground.

William's Sixth Master had a devilish grin on her adorable face as she descended and smashed her fist against the enemy's chest a second time. She was a familiar born to fight. Anything that required punching, smashing, kicking, beating up, breaking, and obliterating fell under her forte.

It was not an exaggeration to say that Chloee was born to fight.

Her Master, Celeste, was the Virtue of Chastity. The beautiful Elf's combat power was close to zero, and she relied on her two powerful familiars to fight for her.

Chloee specialized in physical attacks, and Claire in magical attacks. Both of them were the Brawn and the Brains behind Celeste, and ensured that no one would be able to hurt her under their watch.

The Deimos broke free from Chloee's bombardment and roared in anger. Its powerful barrier was useless against the violent young lady whose punch could easily shatter it to pieces.

The reason why Chloee was a cheat-like existence was her ability to break any law with her physical attacks. Even the strongest barrier would crumble under her relentless assault.

"Hah! Stop roaring, you weakling" Chloee shouted. "I'm going to obliterate your **** and make sure to **** you good!"

The only drawback of her rule breaking power was that she would curse at her target, which Wiliam thought was unfair. Not only did the little fairy have the power to smack you, she would even curse you as well.

What kind of penalty was that?

After receiving several strikes from the battle junkie fairy, several cracks appeared in the Deimos' body which forced it to unleash several laser beams that forced Chloee to evade.

The Deimos hurriedly backed away and unleashed an ear-piercing scream that made all the people in K-City who heard it feel their souls trembling from their bodies. A few seconds later, all of them collapsed on the ground, and golden orbs of light left their bodies to fly towards the Deimos who intended to devour them all.

The scream also reached Belle's location, and everyone in their surroundings felt as if their souls were leaving their bodies.

It was at that moment when the golden bracelet on Belle's wrist that had been given to her by Stella shone. Immediately, a golden dome appeared around her, enveloping all the people that William had gathered in their location.,

The effects of the soul-stirring scream disappeared, and although several people collapsed on the ground, their souls didn't leave their bodies.

Unfortunately, only a small minority was protected, while the rest of the survivors in K-City fell to the ground with their souls flying towards the Deimos in the sky.

"Oh no, you don't!" Chloee shouted as she kicked the Deimos away and prevented it from devouring any of the souls that it had conjured.

However, just like iron filling attracted to a magnet, the souls also flew in the direction of the transformed black tower, which frustrated Chloee.

"Ei! Stop playing dirty you ******!" Chloee shouted as she once again kicked the Deimos farther away.

Unfortunately, there were also souls flying towards her enemy from that direction, which the Deimos happily absorbed.

After eating hundreds of souls, the Deimos body turned golden. Just as Chloee was about to deliver another punch to it, the Deimos also unleashed its own punch, meeting the familiar's attack head on.

The result was Chloee smashing towards several skyscrapers like a bullet passing through watermelons.

After devouring hundreds of souls, the power of the Deimos intensified, surpassing Chloee's current strength.

"This is bad," Chloee muttered as she propped herself up from the rubble. "Celeste just bought these clothes for me. Now they're going to be ruined."

The familiar wiped the blood that streamed down at the side of her lips as a cheeky grin appeared on her face.

"That's more like it," Chloee said as she flew towards the Deimos while laughing like a little witch. "It's boring to punch a punching bag. Now, this is what I call a fight!"

The two once again clashed, and this time, it was the golden Deimos that got blown away by Chloee's punch. William's Sixth Master had a peculiar ability. She grows incredibly strong when she gets injured.

This was another reason why the Half-Elf called the familiar a cheater. She was simply a monster hiding behind an adorable face!

Knowing that it was at a disadvantage, the Deimos was planning to devour more souls when it heard the sound of singing.

It was faint at first, but it gradually became stronger.

On top of a skyscraper, in the middle of the city, two little girls held each other's hands as they sang together.

The souls that were flying towards the Deimos stopped in mid-air before slowly turning to fly in the twin's direction.

While all of this was happening, William was busy teleporting the collapsed bodies to the South of K-City where Belle was located. Although their souls had left their bodies, their physical vessels were very much alive, so the Half-Elf decided to relocate them first.

He had a feeling that once their souls were returned to their bodies, they would once again regain consciousness, or at least, that was what he hoped would happen.

Although the Half-Elf was unsure of the identities of the two girls, he was glad that they were on his side.

He simply watched the adorable, pink-haired twins, who reminded him of his wife, Chiffon, sing their hearts out. Their bodies swayed slightly as the souls gathered around them, as if they were spectators watching a performance.

A minute later, the twins stopped singing. They glanced at each other and nodded their heads at the same time.Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Suddenly, both girls opened their mouths wide… and devoured the souls that were floating around them.

William almost did a double-take when he saw this scene. He was now unsure if the twins were allies, or enemies, because the two of them were devouring the souls of people as if they were just drinking some fruit juice.

The grim reapers who were tasked to collect souls all flew towards the twin girls because the Deimos was locked with Chloee in battle.

When the two girls saw the scary looking Grim Reapers heading in their direction, both of them hugged each other and cried out loud in fear.

"D-Don't come close to Maple! If you do, Maple will cry!"

"C-Cinnamon is not tasty! Please don't eat Cinnamon!"

The Grim Reapers didn't give a hoot about what the two girls were saying. The only thing they planned to do was slice them in half, so that all the souls that Maple and Cinnamon had devoured would return to their Master, which was being beaten black and blue by the little Juggernaut, whose strength was steadily increasing.