Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 925 - The Appearance Of The Final Boss

While the two little girls were crying out in fear while hugging each other, the Grim Reapers closed in on them with weapons held high.

William was currently immobile, and unable to move from his spot. He had no choice, but to watch helplessly as the two girls were swarmed by Grim Reapers in every direction.

It was at that moment when a shower of silver arrows descended from the sky, forming a protective tornado around the pink-haired twins. The tornado destroyed any grim reaper who dared to come close to them.

Hundreds of grim reapers died in that single exchange, while a hundred more died after the tornado expanded. The moment that a small opening was created, a golden lasso appeared out of nowhere and wrapped itself around the two little girls, who both screamed in fright.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

With a powerful tug, Maple and Cinnamon were pulled from the top of the building. Both girls were crying and calling out their Mama and Papa to come and save them.

The twins disappeared from William's view, and no matter how much he scanned the surroundings, he wasn't able to detect their presence. It was as if both girls vanished into thin air.

'System, find their location,' William ordered.

< I've already done a thorough scan on the area where they were taken away from, but nothing is appearing on the radar. They might be using some powerful artifacts to hide their presence from my detection. >

The Half-Elf frowned. The appearance of the two little girls were unexpected, as well as the shower of silver arrows that came out of nowhere.

However, the one thing that surprised him the most was the appearance of the golden lasso. It was impossible for William to not identify such a thing because he had seen it used many times in the past.

The Half-Elf didn't need to be a genius to connect the dots, but he still found it hard to explain why they had appeared in this timeline.

Wendy had also noticed the exchange from afar, but she had no time to investigate what happened. She and the Valkyries were busy eliminating every Undead and Grim Reapers that they encountered around the Southern Area of the City where William had transported the survivors.

For the most part, the Grim Reapers didn't pose any threat to them. Thor's lightning bolts, as well as the arrows of the Elves killed all the enemies before they could even come close.

The only problem was that their group was only a little more than a dozen and they were fighting against tens of thousands of enemies that were starting to swarm to their location.

Now that all the Humans were gathered in one location, the enemy forces had also congregated to form an unstoppable army that washed over the city like a tidal wave.

Wendy didn't falter as she held William's banner in her hand firmly.

"Kyrie Eleison!" Wendy shouted as a dome of light covered the Valkyries as they faced the tide of enemies head on. The Undead and Grim Reapers that clashed against the dome of light were instantly annihilated by the holy power that emanated from the banner in Wendy's hand.

The Elves didn't stand idle while this was happening and unleashed a barrage of arrows at the unending tide that was pouring towards them.

William had ordered them to become the first line of defense against the enemy and protect the people behind them, so they didn't budge one step and stood their ground.

As the enemies continued their suicide assault, the light of the barrier that Wendy had erected started to dim.

The blonde-haired beauty knew that their defensive barrier was reaching its limit and could shatter any time. Even so, she refused to give up. This was the first time that William had personally asked her help, so she had no intention of failing her mission.

The Elves were of the same mind. Even if their arms were starting to ache, and their fingers bled from pulling the strings over and over again, none of them stopped attacking.

They were William's Valkyries, his personal unit that would carry his banner in the battlefield. No matter what happened, they shouldn't fall no matter what.

"Illuminate the World! Rhongomyniad!"

A beam of holy light sliced through the battlefield, instantly turning those it hit into particles of light.

William's clone, that had been assigned to protect Belle and the others, extended his help in order to help Wendy and the Valkyries to hold the frontlines. Even so, it was not enough as more enemies advanced steadily.

"Exterminate, Khyrselakatos!"

Thousands of arrows that glowed eerily cut through the enemy ranks from the West, as another one of William's clones, that were fighting against the Giant Black Golems, lent his aid from the distance.

"Cut through the firmament!" another clone roared. "Raze the world, Arondight!"

A black laser beam passed through the enemy's ranks, annihilating everything in its path. After these combined attacks, the numbers of grim readers were drastically reduced as they scattered like wild ducks hearing the sound of gunshots.

Judging by the current state of the battlefield, William and his forces were gaining the upper hand. Although they were being overwhelmed with numbers, it was tolerable, and he couldn't foresee any immediate danger to those he was doing his best to protect.

However, just as William was about to breathe a sigh of relief, his sixth sense suddenly kicked in and warned him of a danger that was coming from above their heads.

Suddenly, a powerful pressure—that was similar to a mountain descending upon his shoulders—erupted from the red portal in the sky.

Wendy and the Valkyries were all caught by surprise, and were forced to crash to the ground due to the unbelievable power that seemed to hold the entire world in its grasp.

A loud explosion erupted as Chloee crashed into the building right next to William. The Golden Deimos she was fighting suddenly became stronger, and she lost in a contest of strength between the two of them.

Three more figures crashed on the ground at William's feet as three of his clones that were fighting against the Giant Black Golems were blown away by their powerful counter-attack.

William's expression became grim as he stared at the red portal that was hiding a powerful presence within. He knew that the Mastermind had finally decided to take the matters in his own hands, and interfere with the battle.

After spending time with the Gods, he was certain that there was a being that far surpassed the power of mortals, observing them from the Heavens.

As the Half-Elf and the other defenders tried to resist the pressure that was holding them in place, the city once again started to rise towards the red portal.

When the floating city was halfway to its destination, William saw a pair of golden pupils staring at him from the depths of the portal, which made the red-headed teenager's heart shudder.

Gritting his teeth, William forced himself to stand up as he gathered all the power in his body. He had long expected that this whole incident wasn't simple.

When he saw the Deadlands for the first time, he wondered how such a big city that closely resembled a city belonging to Earth had appeared between the boundaries of life and death.

Today, he found the answer to his question, and he didn't like it one bit. The Final Boss has arrived, and with it, the fate of the entire city had finally taken a turn for the worst.