Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 926 - The Time Has Come To Fight Together!

William's clones who were currently standing beside the nine mirrors of the Deadlands hurriedly left their stations and returned to his side.

They lost control over the mirrors and no matter what they did, they couldn't stop the city from rising up towards the red portal. Since that was the case, they needed to regroup in order to think of a new solution on how to deal with the problem.

The Half-Elf and his allies all gathered outside of the golden barrier that was made by the golden bracelet that was currently on Belle's wrist.

The red-headed teenager didn't know how the black-haired beauty acquired the bracelet in her possession, but he didn't have time to ask that now. With the power of the golden barrier, all the Humans that were inside were unharmed by the powerful pressure that was currently descending from the Heavens.

Wendy and the rest of William's Valkyries had taken a formation with the Half-Elf at the center.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

The blonde-haired beauty faced the enemies in front of her, as she firmly held William's banner in her hand.

William's clones were at the forefront of the formation, taking defensive positions. The weapons on their hands glowed and created a secondary barrier that protected them, and the people that were sheltered by the golden dome behind them.

The Half-Elf closed his eyes as memories of his little brothers and sisters at the Smiles Orphanage disappeared from his memories.

Taking a deep breath, he once again opened them as he stared at the golden eyes that were looking down upon them from the center of the red portal.

A snort filled with contempt echoed across the city as the Golden Deimos, the Giant Black Golems, the Grim Reapers, and the Undead, all made their way towards the Southern part of K-City where all the survivors had been gathered.

The Giant Golems smashed every building that they came across, just because it was blocking their path. The grim countless grim reapers hovered above the sky like a plague of locusts that was about to devour all life from the world. As for the Undead, they were the least of all the threats, but threats nonetheless.

They walked shakily towards the South without any sense of urgency. It was as if the end result wouldn't change whether they arrived sooner or not.

The Deimos opened its mouth and gave an eerie chuckle that made the people's hearts skip a beat due to fright.

Right now, everyone had only one question in their minds and that was…

"How can we leave this place alive?"

These were the words that Raymond subconsciously muttered as he stared at the helpless situation in front of him.

Earlier, he felt that they still had a chance to win against the stacked up odds that were not in their favor. Unfortunately, that dream shattered the moment a being that far surpassed the realm of mortals intervened in the battle.

"So annoying." Chloee clicked her tongue as she glared hatefully at the Deimos that she had been beating up earlier. Even if she had lost an exchange against her enemy, it didn't bother her one bit.

Her only concern was that she couldn't afford to leave William's side because the enemies might overpower their defensive formation and involve the innocent people in their battle.

"Will, is there anything we can do?" Chloee asked.

William nodded. "We can only do the thing we can do, Sixth Master, and that is to fight."

"You're right." Chloe grinned. "Times like this, sitting down to talk is useless. Let's just smack them good and smash them to pieces until they can no longer regenerate."

William smiled because he had already expected this reply from his Sixth Master. Right now, he and Optimus were busy making plans for how they would deal with the enemies that were almost at their doorstep.

< We can no longer stop K-City from being swallowed up by the red portal. This is already a done deal. I'm afraid that aside from the enemies in front of us, we also need to deal with that divine creature. >

'Yes.' William agreed. 'Still, that is one big snake. This is going to be tough.'

William's vision had passed through the void and saw the owner of the pair of golden eyes that were staring at him. It was a gigantic black serpent that was at least four hundred meters tall.

< The only good news is that its rank is currently at the Pseudo-God Realm. A step away from being a true God. I'm very sure that it will not let us leave peacefully, so a fight is inevitable. >

'I can't summon Sun Wukong, and my Heroic Avatar is already used up,' William stated. 'Also, I will need a long time to channel enough magical powers to teleport everyone.

"Our options of leaving this place are dwindling down. I don't know if our protective barrier, or Belle's golden dome will be enough to safeguard the people when we enter the red portal."

< Well, it just means that you need all the help you can get. Why don't you summon Elliot and Conan to come here and fight by your side. We still didn't have any data about the Familiar Fusion. Maybe it can help tilt the tide of battle by a small margin. >

William had almost forgotten about his two familiars that were currently in Hestia. They were a part of his soul, so he could summon them anytime and anywhere.

'Okay, sounds like a plan. Do you have other ideas?' William asked.

< Yes, but if you need to wait for the right opportunity to unleash its power. We only have one shot at this, so you will have to put everything on the line to make this work. >

William listened patiently to the plan that Optimus had formulated. According to its calculation, their chances of winning was five percent at most. Even so, five percent was better than zero, so the Half-Elf was more than willing to give it a try.

"Come forth, Elliot, Conan," William ordered. "The time has come to fight together!"

Two lightning bolts descended from the sky. One was white, the other black. They were none other than William's two familiars whom he hadn't seen since he had left Hestia Academy to search for the Hall of Thunder in the Forbidden Ground, Seventh Sanctum.