Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 927 - Remember My Name, Boy

"My goodness, did you accidentally poke the hornet's nest, Will?" Elliot asked in a teasing tone as he landed on William's right shoulder.

"Kekeke, just a bunch of golems, and a giant snake," Conan chuckled as he landed on William's left shoulder. "This is going to be fun."

"Hoho, you say it's fun, but why are your legs shaking?"

"A-Are you stupid? This is excitement! This Great Conan is looking forward to fighting a great battle!"

William smiled because the banter of his two familiars lightened his mood up by a bit. He had fought with Elliot and Conan when they were clearing the Dungeon of Atlantis, but he had never used his Familiar Fusion skill with both of them.

"Elliot, Conan, activate seventy percent of your powers," William ordered. "We will fight them together."

"Got it."

"Kekeke."

The two familiars' bodies floated in the air and grew until they turned into fourteen-year old versions of William. They then pressed their hands against William's back as they activated the skill that would merge the three of them together.

A skill that would give William a taste of the power of a true Familiamancer.

""Familiar Fusion!""

The wings behind Wiliam's back changed color as they turned into streaks of white and black lightning.

Power surged inside Wiliam's body as he gained full access to the powers of his Familiars.

'So, this is what it's like to merge with you two,' William thought.

'How is it?' Elliot asked. 'Do you feel that you can take on the entire world right now?'

'Kekeke. Although we still can't beat that giant snake, defeating its lackeys is not a problem!' Conan voiced his assurance.

The change on William's body carried over to his clones. All of them also grew a pair of white and black wings made of lightning.

Chloee who was hovering beside William suddenly had a brilliant idea as she placed her hands behind William's back.

"Um, Sixth Master, what are you doing?" William asked.

"I plan to merge with you as well," Chloee answered with a smile.

"Is that even possible?"

"I don't know, but it's worth a try!"

Just like William, Chloee was also unsure if it would work. Her Master was Celeste, and she held a piece of her soul, just like Elliot and Conan held a piece of William's.

However, the violent familiar knew that even if she were to fight against the Golden Deimos, her power would fall short because there was a Pseudo-Demigod that was interfering with her battle.

Since that was the case, she was more than willing to merge with William so they could fight against the Big Boss that was looking at them with contempt. Chloee's fists were itching to give the Gargantuan Black Serpent a good beating in order to vent out her frustrations.

"Familiar Fusion!" Chloee shouted.

William wasn't expecting anything to happen, but suddenly Chloee's body turned into particles of light and flew towards the gem on his chest.

A few seconds later, the Half-Elf's body was assaulted by an extreme pain that he had never felt before. It was as if someone was forcefully intruding on his body, and trying to squeeze itself in.

Similar to a glass filled with water, the moment a foreign object were to be placed inside it, the water would overflow. This was what was happening to William right now, but without the spillover.

It was as if his body was forcefully integrating the foreign object inside it, without letting go of anything that belonged to it, causing William extreme pain.

William spat a mouthful of blood as the blood vessels bulged inside his body. The Half-Elf felt as if he was being split apart from within. Seeing his sorry state, Wendy and the Elves couldn't help but look at him anxiously.

However, the monsters had already arrived in front of them, so they had no choice but to face the enemies in front of them.

"Everyone, hold your ground!" Wendy ordered. "Valkyries, open fire!"

The Elves once again initiated a volley of attacks which passed through their protective barrier, covering the sky in an arrow shower.

They didn't waste their time targeting the Giant Golems, and merely focused their attacks on the grim reapers that hovered in the sky.

The Giant Black Golems opened their mouths and unleashed a breath attack that made the protective barrier tremble. Even so, William's clones, that had been boosted by the power of the Familiars, gained Elliot's defensive prowess.

They had summoned several elemental shields, creating a third layer of protection against the long range attacks of their enemies.

Meanwhile, while all of this was going on, William struggled to pacify Chloee's power that was starting to merge with his body.

In order to protect William's body from being destroyed from within, the power of his Einherjar Job Class started to burn his memories at a faster rate.

All of his memories from when he was a child until he had grown to a teenager flashed before his eyes. William subconsciously tried to hold unto these fleeting memories, but they disappeared before he could even grab hold of them.

Suddenly a very dear memory appeared in front of him.

—--

A pair of teenagers, wearing pirate costumes made their way to the festival in the countryside. The two of them visited many stalls and ate many snacks along the way.

Then, the images of an unusual stall appeared where a mysterious lady beckoned for them to check what she has to offer.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"You have good eyes, young lady," the saleslady said with an approving tone. "This silver ring is part of a pair. The name of this ring is called the 'Ring of Vega' and its counterpart the 'Ring of Altair'.

"Legend has it that if two people were to exchange and wear these rings, no matter how far away they are from each other, they would eventually be reunited. Just like the legend of the Star Crossed Lovers..."

—---

"Nooooo!" William shouted as he used all of his willpower to contain the power that was rampaging inside his body. "I won't let you take this memory away from me!"

William roared in anger as his body shone like a miniature sun. There were things that he could sacrifice, and things that he couldn't.

There was no way in hell where he would just stand by and allow something so precious be taken away from him.

When the light receded, everyone saw William half-kneeling on the ground. The armor that he had worn earlier had disintegrated, leaving him stark naked.

The only thing that covered his body was the pair of wings that sprouted on his back.

On the back of Wiliam's right hand, a tattoo that looked like the Celtic Triquetra appeared.

White smoke rose up from his body, as the Half-Elf panted for breath. He felt like dying, but this sensation only lasted for a minute before his body stabilized.

"Okay! The break's over!" Chloee's lively and vengeful voice was heard inside William's sea of consciousness. "Let's pulverize that snake and turn it into stew! Let's go!"

"My goodness, let Will catch his breath first," Elliot's carefree voice commented. "You sure did something very reckless. We almost kicked the bucket."

"I really thought that we were a goner," Conan said anxiously. "Fortunately, Will managed to pull through at the last second or else we're going to take a one-way trip to the Cycle of Reincarnation."

Conan's worried words almost made William chuckle, but he couldn't because even breathing was painful.

The sound of explosions could be heard around him, but William paid them no mind. A strand of golden lightning bolt briefly streaked within the depths of his pupils as he slowly stood up from the ground.

A suit of armor slowly covered his body once more, as the power of his Einherjar Job Class stabilized. This time, instead of silver armor, the armor he wore was golden.

It was very similar to the one Odin wore in battle a thousand years ago.

William looked at the golden eyes that were staring down on him from within the depths of the red portal.

He looked at it steadily without batting an eye as golden lightning streaked across his body.

Half a minute later, the entirety of K-City had been sucked up by the red portal. It was at that moment when the survivors finally saw the Gargantuan Beast that was waiting for them in the void.

"Who are you?" William asked the towering serpent who was looking down on them as if it was looking down on insects. .

The Gargantuan Black Serpent flicked its forked tongue as if finding Wiliam's question quite amusing.

"Apophis," the Black Serpent replied. "Remember my name, Boy. For it is the name of the God that will send all of you to the afterlife."