Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 928 - Memories That Burned Brightly

"Apophis," William muttered. 'Do you have any idea who this guy is, Optimus?'

< Yes. He is one of the Gods of Chaos who is the mortal enemy of the Sun Gods. He was banished to the void after he was defeated, and lost a big part of his Divinity. This might be the reason why his rank had regressed to that of a Pseudo-God. >

William clicked his tongue. He had never had a good relationship with the Sun God, Lugh. The mere thought of fighting against the Sun Gods' mortal enemy irritated William to no end.

'Are you sure the plan you told me will work?' William asked.

< Yes. As long as you live long enough to execute it. >

William nodded his head in understanding. He then glanced at his clones who all gave him a brief nod of understanding.

They knew the role that they needed to play, and they would leave the rest to William.

"Wendy, please, hold the line for as long as you can," William said softly as he and his clones flew outside the protective barrier.

Right now, his clones' priority was to fight against the enemies, while Wendy's and the Valkyries' roles would be to protect the people behind them.

William felt regretful that Chloee's power didn't carry over to his clones. If that had happened then the threat of the enemies that they were facing would decrease drastically. Even so, William had no choice but to wrap this battle up quickly.

He couldn't afford to fight a protracted battle, because he would lose far too much if that happened.

"Let's go," William ordered as he and his clones turned into lightning bolts and charged through the enemy lines.

The red-headed teenager's target was none other than Apophis. As long as the God of Chaos stood, they would always be at a disadvantage.

The Gigantic Serpent didn't see any of the insects as a threat to his existence. His only goal was to collect the power of souls in order to regain the Divinity he had lost in the battle against his mortal enemy, the Sun God, Ra.

This conceited thinking was quite normal to the God whose powers could only be challenged by those of the same rank.

He didn't even consider the Half-Elf who was flying straight at him to be a worthy opponent.

William didn't care what the Giant Serpent was thinking as he shortened the distance between them. Only when he was a hundred meter away from his opponent did he activate his skill Heroism, which he had gained after gaining the Quick-Shot Shepherd Job Class.

Whenever William was fighting against an opponent who was stronger than him, he and his allies would gain a 50% boost to their overall strength.

William's current strength was at the Peak of the Demigod Rank after merging with Chloee. With the help of the skill Heroism, his power was further boosted to unprecedented heights. Although he was still far from the Pseudo-God Realm, he had gained Chloee's cheat-like abilities which would allow him to break the Laws of the void, without having his memories taken from him.

The power of the elements swirled in William's right hand making the emblem on the back of his hand shine. He planned to use the strongest attack that he could muster to deal with the Gigantic Snake that towered above him.

"Impudent insect," Apophis flicked its massive tail to swat the annoying fly that dared to challenge its divinity.

The speed of the attack was simply too fast, making it impossible to evade. The only thing that William could do was to meet the attack with an attack of his own.

"World End Tempest!" William roared as he smashed his strongest attack at the tail that reminded him of what it was like to be on the opposing end of an enlarged Ruyi Jingu Bang.

The tail was simply massive. Even the Half-Elf felt like what he was doing was futile, but he still went ahead and met the attack headon.

A powerful explosion took place as William's strongest attack collided with Apophis' tail. However, the clash only lasted for a mere second before the Half-Elf was sent crashing towards the ground destroying several buildings along the way.

The last building that he had crashed into even fell on top of the Half-Elf crushing him under its weight.

Wendy and Belle, who was paying close attention to William, felt their hearts tighten inside their chest as they witnessed their Beloved being crushed by a building. He was their only hope, and seeing how the Giant Serpent had sent him flying with a casual flick of his tail, made them very anxious.

If he, the strongest of them all, couldn't beat Apophis then the only fate that waited for them was death.

Just as the two were thinking about William's safety. A loud explosion occurred as William freed himself from the collapsed building that had fallen over him.

'Sh*t that hurt,' William cursed internally.

Chloee's power had now taken effect after he had received damage from the Black Serpent's attack. His strength was now multiplied by five, but that was not the Half-Elf's current concern.

Although he had a grim expression on his face, he and Optimus finally saw the possibility of their plan succeeding.

< Remember, Will, we only have one shot. Make it count. >Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

'Understood.' William gritted his teeth as he flew towards Apophis, who no longer cared about him.

It was more interested in the people that were shielded by the golden dome of light, so it slowly made its way towards them.

The God of Chaos loved suffering, so he wanted the people to feel despair in their last moments as he devoured their very lives from their bodies.

Wendy and the Valkyries tensed when they saw through the Black Serpent's intention. However, even if they knew that Apophis was planning to do, what could they do about it?

It was at this moment when William descended from the sky, making a beeline towards the Giant Serpent's head, while chanting words that came from a world that had now ceased to exist.

"When the heavens above did not exist,

And earth beneath had not come into being --

There was Apsu, the first in order, their begetter,

And demiurge Tia-mat, who gave birth to them all."

A stone tablet flew out of the gem on William's chest, followed by another, until seven tablets hovered around him, forming a circle.

"Celestial God, ruler of the skies that has long been forgotten, may you hear my desperate prayer," William chanted. "Grant me your strength, so I may slay the enemies that bring Chaos upon the world. Support me with your heavenly blessing, and grant me your sacred favor."

The tablets shone brightly, imitating the rays of the sun with William at its center.

"Marduk! Let your eternal light pierce through the darkness, and burn my foes in glorious flames!" William roared. "Obliterate all who stand before me!"

"Enuma Elish!"

The seven tablets of creation that came from a world that had ceased to exist, enveloped William's entire being in a radiant light, forming a miniature sun.

Apophis, who had sensed the dangerous attack coming from behind him, tried to evade it, but it was already too late. He had grown complacent that William couldn't do anything to him, so the God of Chaos ignored the Half-Elf completely.

A loud pain-filled shriek erupted from his jaws as the miniature sun smashed against his head with a vengeance.

Right now, he was only at the Realm of a Pseudo-God, and the attack that William used was an attack that contained the true Divinities of the Gods that had left their wills on the Seven Tablets of Creation.

A blinding light covered the entirety of the Deadlands, forcing everyone to shield their eyes. The Grim Reapers, and the Undead, all burst into flames as the light shone upon their bodies.

The bodies of the Golden Deimos as well as the Giant Black Golems started to crack as the cores in their bodies were burned to ashes.

None of them saw the image of the God whose sword had pierced through Apophis' head, pinning him on the ground.

Apophis' screams echoed across the void as he regretted his decision to turn his back on the Half-Elf, whose memories of his past life burned alongside the radiant rays that chased away the seeds of darkness, which had planted themselves inside everyone's hearts.