Chapter 929 - I Will Wait For You In My Home Turf

When Belle opened her eyes, she found herself staring at a giant crater that was slowly filling up with seawater.

The wind brushed past her, ruffling the hair on her head. It was then when she realized that she was no longer in the city where a great battle was being waged. She had returned to Earth, along with the other survivors, who were now gazing at the same scene as her.

Gazing at the giant crater where K-City used to exist.

The golden dome that was protecting all of them had long disappeared. Everyone was still in a daze, but it didn't take long for all of them to comprehend that they had somehow survived the hellish nightmare they were in, and would live to tell the tale to others.

"Will?" Belle looked around to find the red-headed teenager, but he was nowhere to be found.

That was the moment when she raised her head to look up at the sky. A red portal hovered in the sky, as red lightning bolts snaked across its borders.

The black-haired beauty felt an ache in her heart as she saw flashes of light appearing from within the red portal's black depths. Sounds of explosions, similar to the rumbling of thunder spread throughout her surroundings.

Clearly, the battle was far from over. They were merely teleported out of the city and returned to Earth, so that they wouldn't be hit with the crossfire that far surpassed their realm of understanding.

Some distance away from the crowd, two pink haired girls opened their adorable mouths and blew bubbles out of them.

Although they looked like bubbles, they were actually the souls of the people that they had devoured earlier. These souls returned to their rightful bodies, and would regain consciousness not long after.

After all the souls were released, the pink-haired little girl named Cinnamon burped, while her twin sister, Maple, patted her back to make her feel better.

Standing beside them were their two older sisters, who were staring at the red portal in the sky. They had also been teleported out of the city in the aftermath of William's attack that forced everyone, except himself and his clones, to return back to Earth through the red portal.

"Big Sister, Maple wants a hug," Maple said with her arms spread wide.

Her older sister who had long, red hair picked her up and gave her a kiss on the cheek.

"Me, too! Big Sister, Cinnamon wants a hug as well." Cinnamon latched onto her other big sister, who had long, black hair.

The black-haired beauty picked up her litter sister and gave her a kiss as well. After doing so, all of them stared at the red portal where flashes of light could be seen here and there. As warriors, they knew that it was the sign of intense fighting that could only be witnessed in the void.

—--

"In the end, you chose to fight alone," Wendy sighed as she gazed at the red portal in the heavens.

She knew that William had teleported her away because he cared about her, but her heart still ached at the thought that her first love was risking his life in battle, while she remained safe from harm.

While she was deep in thought, Charmaine and the Elves walked up to her and gave her a respectful bow.

"Lady Wendy, what should we do now?" Charmaine asked. "Should we head back to the portal and assist Sir William?"

Wendy reluctantly shook her head. She understood that even if they returned to the city to help William, their presence would only serve more of a hindrance than help.

Just as Wendy was about to return her gaze to the sky, she noticed someone approaching her from the corner of her vision.Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

William's first wife turned her head to her left side and stared at the black-haired beauty, who was staring back at her with a determined gaze.

"Your name is Wendy, correct?" Belle asked. "Will told me many things about you."

Wendy nodded. "You must be Belle. Will has also told me many things about you."

Both ladies appraised each other, and Charmaine felt a subtle pressure coming from both of them. No sparks flew from their eyes, nor words of challenge were spoken.

Belle and Wendy simply stared at each other, and tried to learn more about their Beloved's First Wife / True Love.

"Thank you for loving Will," Belle said. "Because you were by his side, he was able to love again."

Wendy just smiled and nodded her head in acknowledgement. "Thank you for continuing to love him as well. I want to ask you many questions, but unfortunately, my time is up."

Wendy's and Thor's body was slowly turning into particles of light. She and Thor were forcefully taken by William from Hestia, and the time that she could remain in another world was limited.

"Don't have any regrets," Wendy said as she stared at the black-haired beauty in front of her. "Time waits for no one. He no longer belongs to this world. Sooner or later, he will return to our world. I pray that before that happens, you will be able to finally let go of him. Don't worry, I promise to take care of him in your place."

Wendy gave Belle a sweet smile that irritated the black-haired beauty. Although William's first wife hadn't explicitly said anything, she had hinted that Belle could just stay on Earth, and leave William in the care of his wives back in Hestia.

"The next time we meet, we will have a long discussion about this," Belle replied with a determined gaze. "I love William, and I will find a way for the two of us to be together."

"You do that," Wendy replied in a teasing tone. She then waved her hand to bid goodbye with a smug expression on her face. "I'll wait for you on my home turf."

After saying her final farewell Wendy returned to Hestia.

Belle sighed internally after the blonde-haired beauty disappeared. Although she didn't want to admit it, Wendy had locked onto ther with an incredible pressure. The Captain of the Valkyries looked so confident, and so at ease, knowing that she was William's first wife, and nothing could shake her position in his heart.

Because of this, Belle finally decided on one thing. As long as William returned safely to her side, regardless of what her parents think, she would definitely do everything in her power to not have any regrets.

"Will," Belle said softly. "Win and come back to me."