Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 930 - The One Who Would Have The Last Laugh

After William unleashed the might of the Seven Tablets of Creation, Apophis received a fatal injury that would have killed any Demigod.

Unfortunately, he was a former God, so he had survived William's attack. Even so, his strength had decreased greatly in an effort to prevent his injuries from worsening.

"Damn you!" Apophis roared as he unleashed a breath attack at the Half-Elf, who was also suffering from serious injuries.

The Half-Elf raised his hand and the Seven Tablets of Creation formed a circle in front of him, creating a barrier to block the Pseudo-God's attack.

Even though the barrier had successfully prevented the breath attack from reaching William, it was not able to stop the force behind it.

A muffled groan escaped William's lips as he endured the attack that made him skid across the ruined streets for hundreds of meters, until the breath attack ended.

The cut on his right cheek was bleeding, as well as the other injuries he received during his exchange with Apophis, but he didn't have time to heal them. The enraged Black Serpent's head had a hole in it, with blood spilling out like a river.

If he wasn't a former God, he would have been dead by now.

'Optimus, how long?'

< Fifteen more minutes. >

'I might be dead by then.'

< Then don't die. Problem solved. >

William sighed internally as he moved his battered body using his willpower.

"How dare you?!" Apophis roared in anger as his body slowly shrank. "How dare you challenge the might of a God?!"

The Half-Elf raised his middle finger at the God of Chaos who had now shrank to a three-meter tall humanoid snake. This was the form of a Naga that William had encountered in the Dungeon of Atlantis when he was challenging the lower floors of the dungeon.

He wanted to tell the angry Apophis that this wasn't his first time fighting against a God. However, he chose not to say anything because even breathing posed a great challenge to him right now.

'Using an attack that belonged to a God of Creation is something that should be used as a last resort,' William thought. 'It's like firing a thousand Railguns at once. My body, and stamina will not be able to use it a second time.'

Stormcaller fired several lightning bolts at the Naga, in order to give William some breathing time. Unfortunately, all it did was make the injured Apophis more angry, which made him attack William with unrestrained fury.

"Take three steps to the right," Elliot said.

"And execute a roundhouse kick right after!" Conan commented.

Both of Williams' Familiars were helping him from his Sea of Consciousness. Right now, Elliot was using his power of Clairvoyance to see a few seconds in the future, while Conan calculated the most effective attack that would deal significant damage to their enemy.

The Half-Elf followed the advice of his Familiars and executed a roundhouse kick after taking three steps to his right side. The kick landed on the Naga's chest, sending him crashing towards a building in the distance.

Due to the heaviness of William's injuries, Chloee's ability had multiplied his strength to its limits. Because Apophis received an almost lethal injury, he was forced to use its Divinity in order to prevent it from worsening.

Because of this, William's attack was now capable of dealing significant damage to his enemy. However, he knew that even if he punched, and kicked Apophis for an entire day, he would still lose in the end. The only thing that could kill the Pseudo-God was an attack infused by a powerful divinity.

'How many minutes?'

< Twelve more minutes. >

William's legs were already shaking in an effort to support his body. After a brief struggle, he went down on one knee as breathed heavily, ignoring the stinging pain in his chest.

The building where Apophis crashed suddenly exploded as the angry Naga rose up towards the sky.

"I've had enough of you! Time to die!" Just as the God of Chaos was about to unleash an attack that would destroy a quarter of the city, he felt a disturbance at the Western outskirts of K-City.

Narrowing its eyes, its vision zoomed in on an underground subway where William's thirteen clones were hiding.

They were busy channeling powerful flames into a spear that floated at the center of their formation. The spear was none other than Soleil. Because of the absence of the sun, it couldn't unleash its strongest attack, which was one of Apophis' weaknesses.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Soleil was a spear that belonged to the Sun God, Lugh.

Since William was no longer able to unleash the power of Enuma Elish to call upon the Will of Marduk, his only hope was to charge Soleil manually, and let it deal the killing blow on the Pseudo-God, while he was still in a weakened state.

Apophis was very sensitive to the power of the sun, so the moment he discovered the power of Soleil, it immediately changed its strategy and decided to deal with the greatest threat first.

< Warning! Apophis has discovered where the clones are hiding! >

William raised his head just in time to see the Naga aiming its powerful attack at the Western part of the city.

"Where are you looking at?! Face me!" William shouted as he pointed his finger at his adversary. "Duel EX!"

Just as Apophis was about to unleash its concentrated breath attack its body unconsciously moved, which forced it to face William's direction.

A powerful blast erupted from its mouth and headed straight towards the Half-Elf who unleashed all of his defensive spells to protect himself from harm.

Conan unleashed several elemental shields, and physical shields in front of William, while the Seven Tablets of Creation formed a barrier around him.

Elliot unleashed a concentrated lightning bolt to face the Breath Attack head on, but it only lasted for a second before it was swallowed up by Apophis' hate-filled assault.

A blinding explosion erupted in Wiliam's location, which created a mushroom cloud in the sky.

When the smoke receded, the Half-Elf laid at the center of a mile-long crater, with blood seeping out of his lips, nose, ears.

The Tablets of Creation lay scattered on the ground beside him. Having used up all of their powers to defend William, they all flew towards the gem on William's chest in order to recharge their divinity.

The Half-Elf gagged as more blood rose from his throat. He was unable to hold it back, because he no longer had the strength to do so. Because of this, more blood seeped out of the corner of his lips, as he stared at the dark sky above him.

Several of his bones were broken, and the wounds on the different parts of his body bled freely. Right now, William was already feeling light-headed due to the loss of blood. However, he knew that the moment he closed his eyes, he would not be able to open them again.

Apophis snorted after seeing the aftermath of its attack. However, it would need a few more minutes before it could fire another attack that was as strong as the one that it had unleashed.

The God of Chaos wasn't faring well either. After using its breath attack, it wouldn't be able to attack William's clones due to its injured state.

The Pseudo-God eyed Soleil critically and deemed that it would be able to recover its strength before the spear could reach the point where it could threaten his existence. Right now, it was the only weapon that posed a threat to the God of Chaos, so it took its observation seriously.

'This hateful insect!' Apophis cursed internally as it shifted its gaze back to William. 'To think that a bug is able to make me suffer such a setback. I will make sure to torture his soul later!'

The Naga steadied its breathing as it slowly gathered the magical energy present in the void. As someone that had been banished by the Gods and forced to wander this endless world, Apophis had learned a few tricks during his exile.

A brief stalemate descended on the battlefield as both sides tried to buy some time to unleash their strongest attacks. All of them knew that their next clash would decide the victor and the loser, and the God of Chaos vowed that he would be the one who had the last laugh.