Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 931 - Precious Things He Held Dear In His Heart

William breathed painfully as he tried to move his body, but it was to no avail.

No matter what he did, he could not gather any strength to even move his finger. He was like an oil lamp that had burned all of its fuel reserves, and could no longer produce light.

'Optimus…'

< Eight Minutes >

William's clones couldn't move from their position because the moment he chose to manually charge Soleil, all of them could no longer move from their position. If someone broke out of the formation, the other clones would receive a backlash and ruin everything that they had worked up until now.

Just as Wiliam was thinking of how to deal with the current situation, two adorable faces appeared in his line of sight.

William blinked as he looked up at the two pink-haired girls that were looking down on him while munching on gummy bears.

For a brief moment, the Half-Elf thought that he had unknowingly kicked the bucket, and arrived at heaven. There was simply no way for the two angelic little girls to appear in this damnable place, just to eat gummy bears in a carefree manner.

"Um? Would you like some?" one of the girls asked. "Nevermind. Maple is a good girl, so I will give you one even if you don't ask."

Maple forcefully placed a red gummy bear inside William's blood-stained lips as if it was not a big deal. She was not aware that William couldn't chew because he no longer had the strength to do so.

"C-Cinnamon is also a good girl," Cinnamon stuttered as she hurriedly took out a gummy bear from her small pouch and forefed William as well.

"What's wrong? You don't like it?" Maple asked as she tilted her head.

"M-Maybe he wants more?" Cinnamon offered an answer.

"Then let's give him more!"

"Un!"

The two pink-haired girls almost dumped all of their gummy bears on William's mouth, which made the latter want to cry a river of tears. As more gummy bears entered his mouth, the Half-Elf was one step closer to dying from suffocation.

'I managed to survive a breath attack from a Pseudo-God, but I will meet my untimely death due to gummy bears,' William grieved internally. 'Girls, both of you look like angels, but are you devils in disguise? Just who did you get this trait from?'

Maple stopped giving William the gummy bears because she noticed that the Half-Elf's complexion was turning pale.

Cinnamon also noticed this change as she looked worriedly at the red-headed teenager, whose cheeks were bloated like a croaking bullfrog.

"Um? Are you having trouble breathing?" Maple asked as she turned towards her twin sister. "When people stop breathing, do they die?"

Cinnamon nodded. "Dead people don't need to breathe because they are already dead."

The two girls glanced down at William and resumed eating the remaining gummy bears on their pouches. Both of them were very carefree that they even traded gummy bear flavors, while looking at William's suffering.

Just as William was about to really die from suffocation, the words of the two girls flashed across his hazy mind.

'Dead people don't need to breathe because they are already dead…,' William thought as a realization came to his mind.

Using the last bit of control in his mind, he ordered Optimus to switch his Job Class to Vampire Progenitor.

Immediately, the feeling of suffocation disappeared, and William felt a form of energy gathering towards his body. Due to the battle against Apophis, he had forgotten many things, and he was unable to think properly because of the hazy feeling in his head.

Right now, they were in the void. And K-City had started to gather the power of the dead. With the laws that had merged with his body, William recovered his strength at an alarming rate.

After regaining the control of his body, the first thing he did was to eat the damnable gummy bears inside his mouth, which made the two angelic little devils clap their hands in amusement.

William propped himself up in a seating position as all the broken bones and wounds all over his body regenerated completely.

"Thank you," William said as he patted the two girls on the head.

The twin girls giggled before running away from him, but before they disappeared completely they waved their hands and reminded him of what he needed to do.

"Beat the bad guy!" Maple shouted as she raised her small fist to the air.

"Beat the bad guy!" Cinnamon imitated her twin sister as she too raised her small fist to the air.

After saying what they needed to say, they ran away holding each other's hand, and disappeared from William's sights not long after.

Apophis who saw everything from start to finish couldn't believe his eyes. It didn't know where the two pink-haired girls came from, but since he was unable to move from his location, he decided to ignore them.

He was paying close attention to William and knew that the Half-Elf was on the verge of dying. The Pseudo-God even laughed internally when he saw the two girls attempt to kill the red-headed teenager through suffocation.

When William's vital signs completely disappeared, he felt regretful that he wasn't the one that dealt the finishing blow to the Half-Elf. However, when his enemy, whom he thought was already dead, suddenly stood up, Apophis felt that something had gone terribly wrong.

William didn't say anything and simply stomped his foot to instantly appear in front of the Pseudo-God, who had almost recovered a bit of his strength.

The Half-Elf's fist smashed into the center of the Naga's face, which sent the humanoid-snake flying. He didn't pause his attack and followed up with a continuous barrage of punches and kicks, which made Apophis feel a world of pain.

"You Insect! How dare you?!" Apophis had enough and exchanged blows with William who accepted it without backing down.

This time, powerful shockwaves descended across the entire city as they pummeled each other to oblivion.

"It's time for you Gods to stop looking down on mortals!" William shouted as he gave the Naga an uppercut which sent the wounded Pseudo-God flying towards the sky.

"You will never win against a God!" Apophis roared as he tried to regain it forcefully righted itself mid-air. "Not now! Not ever!"

The God of Chaos gathered his Divinity on his fist and met William head on. Their fists smashed against each other, which sent the Half-Elf crashing towards the ground.

"After I kill you, I will also kill that black-haired lady with the golden bracelet!" Apophis declared. "If not for the two of you, my plans would have succeeded! I will torture both of your souls and hear your screams till the end of time! I will make you regret going against me!"

The Naga unleashed a Dragon Breath made up of black flames in order to end Wiliam's life once and for all. Since this was the Void, he could easily capture the souls of anyone who died and prevent them from entering the Cycle of Reincarnation.

Apophis' plan was fool proof, except for one thing. It shouldn't have mentioned that it would hurt Belle because she was William's reverse scale.

Another powerful explosion shook the entire city as the Pseudo-God looked at his enemy.

Both of William's arms had been vaporized when he used them to block the attack, which made Apophis very happy. However, when the two arms instantly regenerated, the smile on its face instantly disappeared.

The Half-Elf flew towards the sky and hovered a hundred meters away from Apophis. Killing intent oozed out of his eyes as he gazed at the God who threatened his Beloved.

"Time's up. It's time for you to die," William declared as he raised his right hand.

A blazing trail of fire appeared in the Western Part of the city, which headed in William's direction. When Apophis saw this, his survival instincts kicked in as he decided to flee into the Void as much as possible.

Due to his scuffle with the Half-Elf, he had completely forgotten about the spear of the Sun God that was being charged to deal with him.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

"Too late." William sneered. "Do you think you can threaten my loved ones and get away with it?

"Duel EX!"

Apophis, who had almost flown outside the border of the Deadlands, felt a very powerful tug that stopped his escape.

"Damn you, Mortal!" Apophis hatefully bellowed as he transformed into his original form.

Only by using his true body would he stand a chance against the attack that could potentially end his existence.

William held the blazing spear in his hand as he pulled back his arm. He stared fearlessly at the Gigantic Black Serpent that had opened his jaws to devour him whole.

"Bloom in the battlefield!" William roared as the Triquetra tattoo on the back of his right hand shone brightly.

The flames surrounding the spear spread like wildfire as a projection of the Sun God Lugh appeared behind William, which meant that the Half-Elf had successfully activated the Divinity that had been lying dormant within the spear for hundreds of years.

"Fleur Du Soleil!"

Soleil flew towards the giant snake like an arrow, but it transformed into a Red Phoenix mid-way.

The moment the Phoenix and the Gigantic Black Serpent collided against each other. The Void trembled as an explosion that was as powerful as a supernova detonated within its desolate darkness.

The blast was so powerful that William was blown away from the borders of the city and fell into the Void.

As his body descended into the darkness of the Void, a name escaped his lips before he lost consciousness. He had given everything in that last attack of his, and was now truly and utterly spent.

Tears streamed down the side of his face, as he fell into a bottomless pit. He prayed that the next time he opened his eyes, the precious things that he held dear in his heart… would not be taken away from him.