Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 932 - I Will Make Them Agree No Matter What

As William's body fell from the floating city into the void, two pairs of hands grabbed hold of his body and guided it towards the red portal that was slowly shrinking in size.

After the Half-Elf's body passed through the portal, two beams of light entered the gem on his chest. The red-headed teenager wasn't aware that two angelic little devils had entered his Thousand Beast Domain.

It would be a few days before he would discover what had happened, which would lead to unprecedented consequences that the Half-Elf wasn't prepared to face.

The moment he returned to Earth, his body fell like a kite that had lost its string, which was immediately noticed by Charmaine, who was paying close attention to the red portal in the sky. The pretty Elf urged her winged horse to fly towards the sky in order to catch her Master.

Belle noticed the commotion, so she also looked up to the sky to see where Charmaine was headed.

Due to the distance, she could only see a barely noticeable dot in the sky, that was descending from the red portal. Her heart skipped a beat when she realized that the person that might be falling was her Beloved.

It was at this moment when Belle wished she could grow wings and fly towards the sky.

Suddenly, she heard a chirp from her shoulder and realized that William's little Wren, Aethon had perched itself on her shoulder without her notice.

Aethon chirped for a second time as it hopped off Belle's shoulder and transformed into a Giant Bird with a wingspan of seven meters, scaring the people around her.

The Giant Bird turned its head on Belle before using its beak to point at its back.

The black-haired beauty understood what Aethon was trying to say, so she immediately mounted its back without a second thought. The Giant Bird activated its ability to prevent Belle from falling off, before spreading its wings to fly towards the sky.

Due to its speed, it overtook Charmaine and her winged horse, which made the pretty Elf pout. She wanted to be the one to catch her Master, but she knew that overtaking Belle was impossible.

Since that was the case, she just continued to fly upwards to ensure that the black-haired beauty would be able to catch William. If not, she would be more than happy to catch him instead.

As Aethon neared William, it activated its wind magic to make the Half-Elf's descent slower, until he stopped falling and just floated in the air.

Belle carefully reached out to hold William in her arms. Her heart ached as she looked at his pale face, which seemed devoid of all colors.

A moment later, Charmaine arrived at the scene and eyed her Master with a worried expression on her face.

"Let's return him to the ground first, so my friends and I can heal him," Charmaine proposed.

Belle nodded and Aethon gave a screech of approval. They then descended from the sky, but chose to land a kilometer away from the location of the survivors of K-City. The other Elves rode their winged horses and went to where Belle and Charmaine had landed, to help treat their Master of his injuries.

Ten minutes later, William's complexion was slowly becoming better after being bathed in the healing magic of the Elves.

Belle looked at him anxiously, while holding his hand. In the beginning, the Half-Elf's hand felt very cold. Only after he received the treatment of the Elves did it regain its warmth, which decreased the worry in Belle's heart.

After five minutes of continuous healing, the Half-Elf slowly opened his eyes.

The first person he saw was the pretty Elf who served as his personal maid, Charmaine. William still felt very weak, but he didn't have any trouble in propping his body into a seating position.

Before he could even say anything, a black-haired beauty wrapped her arms around him and gave him a tight hug.

"I'm glad you're safe," Belle said with tears streaming down her eyes. "I was very worried about you, Will."

Soon, she started sobbing, while still clinging to William's body. Belle's body shuddered uncontrollably as she vented out her frustration, and helplessness, for being unable to offer any help to her beloved.

William just sat there and allowed the young lady to cry her heart out, as he tried to understand the current situation.

When the black-haired beauty hugged him, his first reaction was to move away, but his body didn't cooperate and remained in place.

He was about to ask the girl if they knew each other, but the moment this thought appeared in his mind, Optimus' voice rang inside his head.

< Will, don't say anything. I know you are confused, but I advise you to not speak even a single word. If you don't heed my warning, I promise you that you will regret it for the rest of your life. >

The Half-Elf's words immediately got stuck in his throat. He and Optimus had been together for a very long time, and he would be foolish not to take his warning seriously.

Belle, who had felt something wrong in William's reaction, pulled her head back to look at his face.

When their gazes met, the young lady's heart skipped a beat because William's was looking at her as if he was looking at a stranger.

She wanted to ask him if he had completely forgotten about her, but she didn't dare to do it. Belle was afraid that if she asked, her greatest fear would become a reality.

The Half-Elf stared at Belle with wonder. He could feel his heartbeat beating wildly inside his chest, and his body aching to hold her in his arms. This feeling perplexed William because he could tell that every fiber of his being was longing for the young lady who was staring at him with eyes filled with fear and heartache.

Suddenly, the expression of the black-haired beauty changed as she cupped Wiliam's face. Her eyes no longer showed fear or sadness. It was replaced with a burning determination, and passion that made William's heart ache.

"Will, you are the beginning of my Letter.

The contents of my Poem,

And the ending of my Fairy Tale."

Belle said these words softly as she gazed at her Beloved with tenderness and affection. She didn't know how William had crossed the boundaries between worlds in order to meet her, but there was one thing that she was sure of.

No matter what happened, she couldn't allow the two of them to part like strangers. Even though it might be futile, she needed to try. This was the least she could do for the man who loved her with all of his heart.

From within the haze of William's mind, a bright firework illuminated the dark sky. Soon, more fireworks painted the darkness with a myriad of colors that allowed him to see a younger version of himself, with tears streaming down his eyes.

The young William looked so lonely as he stared at the sky, while standing on a flower field. A few seconds later, a young lady with long, black hair approached him, and hugged him from behind.

His eyes widened in shock, when the two of them kissed. Little by little, broken fragments of his memories merged together to allow him to see the young lady's face.

It was at this moment when a single tear streamed down the side of William's face as he watched this scene unfold.

—-

"I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said those words to you," the young lady said. "I was being selfish."

William buried his face on her chest and listened to her heartbeat. "Belle, I love you. Always have, always will. Now and forever."

Belle hugged him and kissed his head lovingly. "So you say, but you have so many girls waiting for you back in that Fantasy world of yours. I'm sure that you will forget about me soon."

"I will not," William said firmly. "For the past fourteen years of my life, I have always kept you in my heart."

"You don't have much time left," Belle cupped William's face. "Let's not waste it."

"Mmm." William agreed with her wholeheartedly as he raised his head.

Their lips once again pressed against each other as they savored their last kiss together.

—----

More tears streamed down the side of William's face as she looked at the love of his life, whom he had almost forgotten.

It was at this moment when he wrapped his arms around Belle and hugged her tight.

"I'm sorry, Belle," William said. "I'm sorry."

Belle hugged him back and the two of them held each other while their tears fell freely. The Elves, who were watching this scene, glanced at each other before leaving the two of them behind.

After the two of them calmed down, William held Belle's hand and kissed her forehead. He then looked at her with a serious expression, as he asked her an important question.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"Belle, will you marry me?" William asked.

"Yes," Belle answered before giving William a quick kiss on the lips. "I will marry you. If my parents don't agree, let's just elope together."

"Don't worry. I will make them agree no matter what."

"Okay. I believe you."

The two star-crossed lovers held each other in a loving embrace, as several jet fighters flew past them, and dozens of helicopters arrived at the scene.

For them, they no longer cared about the aftermath of the battle. What was more important was the limited time that the two of them had together, before William returned to his world.

—-

< 95: 59: 48 >

< Do you wish to remain in this world? >

< Yes / No >