Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 933 - Time Parajokes

While Belle and William were rekindling the love that they had for each other in the outside world, a commotion was happening inside the Thousand Beast Domain.

Chiffon stared at the two adorable little girls who were looking back at her while they ate their gummy bears. She could feel her heart beating fast in her chest as her body subconsciously moved to hug the two of them.

The two little girls didn't resist and allowed Chiffon to wrap her arms around them.

Although William's pink-haired wife didn't know how the two girls had appeared inside the Thousand Beast Domain, her not-yet-developed maternal instincts kicked in and held the two girls tightly.

Lilith, who was right beside Chiffon when the two girls appeared, stared at the three of them with a shocked expression on her face.

"No way," Lilith muttered. "Could it be?"

As someone who had already seen her future daughter, seeing the two little girls made Lilith feel something like a deja vu.

After having her fill of hugging the two girls, Chiffon excitedly held their hands and asked them a question.

"What are your names?" Chiffon asked.

"Papa said that I can't tell you my name," one of the girls answered. "He warned us that if we did, it might cause a time Para… Para… Cinnamon, what is that again?"

Cinnamon tilted her head as she looked at her twin sister. She then frowned as if thinking really hard the answer to Maple's question. After a while, a sweet smile appeared on her face as she remembered the answer to her sister's question.

"I think it's called Time Parajokes," Cinnamon replied. "Maple… I am hungry."

"I'm hungry as well. Should we go to the beehive to get some of their honey?"

"Un!"

Lilith almost facepalmed when she heard the two little girls' conversation. However, Chiffon's face bloomed like a beautiful flower after the two girls accidentally blurted out each other's names.

"Are both of you hungry?" Chiffon asked with a smile on her face. "Don't worry. I know how to cook pancakes. Do you like pancakes?"

"Maple likes pancakes!

"Cinnamon likes pancakes as well!"

"Okay, let's go to the Villa." Chiffon stated as she held both of their hands. "Help me cook it, okay?"

""Okay!""

Lilith watched the three happy pink-haired girls walk towards the Villa while chatting happily. She didn't know if this was a good thing or bad thing, but for some reason, she was worried that their sudden appearance would cause her fiance some trouble.

As if waiting for that cue, two beautiful teenage girls appeared inside the Thousand Beast Domain.

Ashe and Princess Sidonie made their appearance because they wanted to look for William. Something unexpected had happened and it caught both of them by surprise.

Just as the two girls were eating in the cafeteria of the academy, Ian suddenly transformed into a girl. Fortunately, the two of them were in a private room, so no one was able to see what was happening.

Before she transformed into a girl, an unfamiliar voice spoke inside her mind.

The voice said, "I now lift the curse that I placed on your bodies. The boy, William, has accomplished a great undertaking that gained my recognition. All of you are lucky to have someone like him in your life."

After hearing those words, Ian felt something snap inside her Sea of Consciousness. After that, she reverted back to her original form. She also noticed that the Ancient Power that had been sealed inside her body once again rose to the surface.

Ashe felt very happy at the sudden turn of events, so she immediately invited Princess Sidonie to go to the Thousand Beast Domain with her in order to look for William.

The two of them hurriedly left the cafeteria and went to Princess Sidonie's room to open their connection to William's domain.

As soon as they appeared, they saw Lilith staring in the distance. Out of curiosity, both girls looked in the direction where she was looking, and saw Chiffon walking hand in hand with two little girls who had the same hair color as hers.

"You, the Amazon standing over there," Princess Sidonie said. "Who are those girls? Don't you know that you can't randomly bring strangers inside this place?"

Lilith stared at the beautiful princess and gave her a sweet smile, which made Princess Sidonie feel like centipedes were crawling on her skin.

"No one invited those two kids to come to this place," Lilith answered. "You know that the only people that can enter the Thousand Beast Domain are those who have gained William's permission. Since they are here it means that William knows them to a certain extent."

Princess Sidonie frowned when she heard this. She knew that what Lilith said was the truth, but her smug expression was making her feel irritated. The Amazon Princess was looking at her as if the two of them were equals, which made the seductive Princess very uncomfortable.

Ashe, who was listening at the side, had a complicated expression on her face as she looked at Chiffon and the two kids that had just entered the villa together. As someone who shared half of William's heart, she was very sensitive to things that were related to William.

When she saw the two kids, she distinctly felt that a part of them belonged to the Half-Elf. This had never happened before, so she immediately walked towards the villa in order to investigate the odd sensation that she was feeling in her chest.

Princess Sidonie felt like talking to Lilith wouldn't have any results. Since that was the case, she decided to follow Ashe and personally interrogate the two children, whose appearance today was the first time she's seen them.Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

—--

Inside the Villa…

"We first mix flour, sugar, and salt," Chiffon said as she placed the ingredients inside a bowl. "Then we add the eggs, milk and a little bit of oil."

The two adorable girls looked at Chiffon as she cracked the eggs and placed them inside the mixing bowl. She then placed the egg shells to the side, and started to mix the ingredients together.

Maple and Cinnamon reached out to grab the egg shells and put it inside their mouths. They then chewed on it, making loud cracking sounds, which almost made Chiffon drop the bowl she was holding.

"Mama said that we shouldn't waste food," Maple said after swallowing the egg shells.

Cinnamon nodded her head in agreement. "Maple and Cinnamon are good girls. We always listen to what Mama tells us."

Chiffon's surprised expression disappeared, and was replaced by a smile that would melt the hearts of anyone who saw it.

"Good girls," Chiffon praised the two little girls who were giving her the "please praise us look" on their faces.

After hearing Chiffon's praise, the two girls also smiled, which gave Chiffon the strong urge to hug and squeeze the two of them to oblivion.

"Who do you love the most?" Chiffon asked. "Your Mama or Papa?"

"Maple loves both of them!"

"Cinnamon loves them both!"

It was this scene that Ashe and Princess Sidonie saw when they arrived at the kitchen. The gem on the beautiful mermaid's chest glowed faintly as she approached the two little girls who were now looking back at her with smiles on their faces.

"Hello, my name is Ashe," Ashe introduced herself. "May I know your names?"

"No." Maple shook her head. "Sorry, but we can't tell you because of the Time Parajokes."

Cinnamon nodded her head as if in support of her sister's words.

"Then, can I just hold your hands?" Ashe decided to compromise and just settle for holding the two girls' hands.

Maple and Cinnamon glanced at each other before nodding their heads.

"Okay!"

"Un! Let's hold hands!"

The two girls enthusiastically presented their hands to Ashe, which the latter took with a smile on her face. The two girls were simply so adorable that Ashe wanted to pinch both of their cheeks to test how soft they were.

The moment she held their hands on her own, the blue gem on her chest glowed brightly. Ashe's eyes widened in shock as she looked at the two girls, who were looking at her reaction with amused expressions on their faces.

"The two of you are…," Ashe muttered as she stared at the two girls before shifting her gaze to Chiffon who was looking back at her with a smug expression on her face.

After hearing Raizel's story from William, the pink-haired girl felt very envious of Lilith. However, after seeing Maple and Cinnamon, these feelings disappeared and were replaced with a happiness that made her feel as if she was on cloud nine.

Princess Sidonie didn't understand what was happening. Although she was a very smart lady, the concept of a time paradox was foreign to her. Although she felt the two girls closely resembled Chiffon, she only thought of them as Chiffon's cousins on their mother's side of the family.

Ashe would have thought the same if not for the fact that she shared half of her heart to William. The beautiful mermaid was also not familiar with a time paradox, so she was finding it hard to believe the current situation that was right in front of her at the moment.

"How?" Ashe asked as she looked at Chiffon in confusion.

This was the only question that she could ask because no matter how much she thought, she couldn't come up with an answer that wouldn't break the boundaries of her common sense.

"I don't know," Chiffon answered as she shook her head. "We can only ask William when he returns."

It was at that moment when Maple's and Cinnamon's stomach chose to make gurgling noises. The two adorable girls looked at Chiffon with pitiful gazes as if to tell her that they were very hungry.

"Sorry, I'll cook this right away," Chiffon said as she hurriedly mixed the ingredients inside the bowl in order to prepare the best tasting pancakes for the two adorable little girls, who made her heart feel complete.