Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 934 - Vows That Even The Gods Could Take Away From Them

A commotion happened in Country-K, hours after K-City disappeared.

Dozens of videos showing the Giant Black Golems, and the destruction they caused to the city appeared in YuuTube, Feysbook, Instadram, Tweater, and many other social media platforms.

Everyone thought that this was just a CG animation made by famous filmmakers, and animation artists, but when the state media announced the news on a nationwide broadcast, everyone finally realized that it was all true.

When the news anchor showed the video of a red-headed teenager fighting against the Giant Black Golems that was recorded using a cellphone, everyone immediately wanted to know his identity.

Minutes after the national broadcast ended, numerous posts saying, Please Marry Me Superhero!, Give Me Your Babies Mr. Handsome!, Is that a Revenger in Real Life?, and many other similar topics were posted on all of the famous forums all over the country.

Of course, this news also reached the International Community. Various governments made their move to try and recruit the "Handsome Revenger" that was clad in lightning bolts. They sent their best ambassadors and negotiators in order to entice the red-headed teenager into becoming a part of their nation.

Because of this, the President of Country-K decided to take action, and personally left the capital to visit the Parker Residence, where William was currently staying.

He and his officials knew that they needed to strike while the iron was hot and form a strong connection with William, so he wouldn't be poached by the other countries who planned to offer him citizenship, as well as many other benefits that would entice any ordinary man.

Unfortunately, William wasn't an ordinary person. So when he got wind that people were trying to make contact with him, he did what he needed to do and that was to… run away!

This move of his placed great pressure on Raymond and Adele who were forced to take the limelight, and entertain the VIP's who came to their residence in droves.

—--

"I heard that the boy named William is your daughter's fiance. Congratulations, Mr. Parker," the President of Country-K said with a smile. "When will they be getting married? I think we should let them marry here in our country."

Beads of sweat started to form on Raymond's shoulders as he tried to keep the smile on his face from breaking.

"Belle is still too young to marry," Raymond replied. "I don't think she's ready to take that step yet."

The President nodded his head and handed a few documents to Raymond.

"All the same, I brought the marriage certificate with me. All that is needed are their signatures," the President stated. "One of my subordinates also managed to reach out to William. After a brief dialogue, he agreed to the wedding, which will be held tomorrow at noon."

Raymond's smile stiffened after hearing the President's words. In an act of defiance, he tore the marriage contract and made it look like an accident.

"I'm sorry," Raymond hurriedly apologized. "I was so shocked that I wasn't able to stop myself, Mr. President."

The President laughed and waved his hand casually.

"Don't worry, I have a thousand of those prepared," the President replied. "Losing one or two isn't a big deal. The Wedding will be held at Norse Church in the Capital. Everything has been arranged, including the guests.

"We also made sure that it will be announced on the Six O'clock news tonight, nationwide, to tell everyone that the two of them are going to get married in this country. Don't worry, we have upped the security and we will not allow any foreign guests to try to poach your son-in-law from this country."

The corner of Raymond's lips twitched because everything was happening so fast. Even he didn't know where Wililam was hiding. The only thing that he knew was that after the incident in K-City, the Half-Elf took his daughter away, and disappeared from the eyes of the public.

Even Paula and Hana, who were Belle's best friends, didn't know where they were.

The President smiled at Raymond, whose smile had completely collapsed. Adele, who was seated beside her husband, could only sigh internally because she understood that this was already a done deal.

With the President of the country giving the marching orders, only fools would dare to get in the way of her daughter's happiness.

Also, she no longer had any problem with William marrying Belle. She had witnessed how the Half-Elf risked his life in order to protect, not only her daughter, but all the people in K-City.

She could still remember the scene of William burning as brightly as a sun in order to attack the Gigantic Snake that was headed in their direction.

It was the most beautiful thing that Adele had ever seen, and with Willam's performance, she would be a fool if she let other people get their hands on her future son-in-law.

—---

Meanwhile, in a Five Star Hotel protected by the President's personal security force, William and Belle enjoyed a bath together in a big bathtub.

The Half-Elf had still not fully recovered from the battle because he had exhausted his physical, magical, emotional, and spiritual power in the fight against Apophis. His head would droop from time to time as he fought off the drowsiness that was taking hold of his senses.

Belle didn't mind and personally washed his body, and treated her beloved like a King. Some of Wiliam's injuries hadn't healed yet, especially the cut on his right cheek that was injured from the Pseudo-God's attack.

Several other wounds could also be seen on William's body. Although they were no longer bleeding, their appearance made the black-haired beauty understand just how hard the red-headed teenager had fought for all of their sakes.

Although the Half-Elf had assured her that the wounds would fully heal in time, she still felt heartbroken seeing them on his body.

The injuries dealt by the God of Chaos were not easy to heal. Even the strongest healing potions in the God Shop could only stop their bleeding. However, William didn't lie. It would only take a month of continuous treatment before all the scars on his body disappeared completely.

Belle lovingly kissed his cheeks as she used her delicate hands to scrub William's chest. If this was an ordinary situation, the Half-Elf would have definitely used his naughty-hands to return the favor.

He would help clean every nook and cranny of Belle's body, until the latter's face turned beet red. Unfortunately, he had finally succumbed to sleep after holding back his drowsiness for the past few hours.

Since her beloved could't appreciate her effort to seduce him, she decided to just focus on her task and let him get a good rest. She kissed all of his scars, and prayed that they would heal properly.DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

After she finished cleaning William's body, she suddenly recalled the interaction that happened a few hours ago.

As someone who had memorized all the officials of her home country, Belle wasn't able to hide the surprise on her face when the President's Spokesman arrived at their hotel in order to talk to William.

The Half-Elf didn't shy away from the man, and the two of them talked about many important things.

Yes. They talked about many important things like having a church prepared by noon tomorrow, so that she and William could marry.

To her shock, the President's Spokesperson readily agreed to Wiliam's request, which made Belle feel that something was off. She didn't mind marrying William. In fact, she wanted to marry him so badly after knowing that he only had four days left on Earth, before he needed to return to the world of Hestia.

What she was surprised about was that the President of the country had gone out of his way to get on good terms with William. Although Belle had already expected something like this to happen, she didn't expect that it would happen in the span of a few hours after the incident in K-City.

"Tomorrow, the two of us will finally get married," Belle muttered as she lightly caressed William's face. "I pray that your feelings for me will remain forever, even if your memories fade away in the future."

The black-haired beauty planted a kiss on Wiliam's forehead, as she lightly brushed his head. She hoped that when morning came, she and her beloved would stand in front of the altar and make their vows to each other.

Vows that no one, not even the Gods, could take away from them.