Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 935 - Is There Anyone Else Who Opposes This Marriage?

The next day, William stood in front of the mirror, while he looked at his black suit, which he had bought in the God Shop for this special event.

Due to the shotgun wedding that he had requested from the President's Spokesperson, they didn't have time to pick the clothes for the bride and the groom. However, this was not a problem for William.

The God Shop had plenty of wedding dresses and suits that could be bought at a moment's notice. The good thing about these clothes was their "auto-fit" function, which changed the clothes so they would perfectly match the wearer's size.

Belle was quite concerned about her wedding dress because this was something that most ladies on Earth cared about. However, all of her worries disappeared after seeing the Wedding Dress that William had prepared for her.

This was the most expensive wedding dress that had been personally crafted by the God of Weddings, Hymenaeus.

(A/N: For more information, search God of Marriage in google. Kekeke.)

Although William wanted to see how Belle looked in the wedding dress he'd gotten her, he resisted the urge and left her with the ladies that the President had hired to assist her and her mother, Adele.

The Church was surrounded by men wearing ceremonial dresses. They also carried ceremonial firearms to act as a deterrent for anyone who planned to cause trouble at the wedding.

William walked towards the isle, under the curious gazes of thousands upon thousands of people. The media had also been invited to broadcast the event live to the masses both local and abroad. Because of this, many girls swooned after seeing the devilish smile of the handsome Half-Elf, who had become the trending topic of the entire world.

All of them wished that they could marry someone like him.

After arriving at the altar, William stood straight like a sword with a calm expression on his face. He had fought many hard battles in his lifetime, but for some reason, his heart wouldn't calm down, no matter how hard he tried.

For him, marrying Belle was a dream come true. Although it didn't show on his face, a part of him was afraid that everything that was happening right now was just a dream.

A dream that would disappear the moment he woke up.

< Calm down, Will. This is not a dream. Take deep breaths, and relax. >

Listening to the System's advice, William closed his eyes and took deep breaths to calm himself down. A minute later, he felt more at ease even though the beating of his heart made it feel like there were a thousand galloping horses that were going to war in his chest.

Suddenly, the doors of the church opened once more, and several pretty ladies walked in, throwing flower petals as they made their way down the aisle.

Everyone's heads turned to look at this procession with great curiosity because all of them wanted to see the lucky young lady who had managed to capture the heart of the Hero that had been ranked the number one husband material in the world.

William's eyes widened in shock when the young lady of his dreams appeared in front of him.

Belle walked slowly, but steadily, holding a bouquet of flowers in her hand. Her face was covered with a veil, but her charm and elegance oozed out of her body that made William unconsciously suck in a deep breath.

Even though there was a veil covering her face, William's eyesight was able to pass through the veil and see Belle in her full splendor.

The black-haired beauty looked so beautiful in her wedding dress that William felt like he was falling in love all over again.

A sweet smile hung on her lips as she drew nearer to the altar where her groom was waiting for her.

Raymond and Adele looked at their daughter with tears in their eyes. They knew that this day would come, but they never thought that it would come so soon.

Belle's older siblings were also present inside the church. The President pulled some strings to bring Belle's older brother, Ethan, and older sister, Kate, back so they could witness their younger sister's wedding.

At first, they were angry because they thought that their sister was being forced to marry someone against her will. However, after learning the identity of her groom, Belle's older siblings tossed everything they were doing to the side and flew back home on the first available flight.

They wanted to be there to share this wonderful occasion with their little sister. It wasn't an exaggeration to say that Belle was the treasure of their family. Anyone who dared to make her cry would suffer the wrath of everyone in their household.

When Belle was only a few steps away from the altar, the Half-Elf wasn't able to keep the silly grin on his face from widening. Fortunately, he was handsome enough, so no one thought that it was out of place.

Half a minute later, the priest that would perform the ceremony, walked through the door on the left side of the room behind the altar.

When the Half-Elf saw the priest, his eyes widened in shock because he couldn't believe what he was seeing.

The priest ignored William's dumbfounded look as he stood in front of the Bride and Groom with a smile on his face. He then raised his hand as he started to preside over the wedding.

"To all present I say, We are gathered here, not to witness the beginning of what will be, but rather what already is!" the Priest declared.

"We do not create this marriage, because we cannot. We can and do, however, celebrate with William Von Ainsworth and Belle Von Ainsworth the wondrous and joyful occurrence that has already taken place in their lives, and the commitment they make today."

The Priest then scanned everyone in the church as he continued to proceed with the wedding.

"Should anyone present know of any reason that this couple should not be joined in holy matrimony, speak now or forever hold your peace," the priest said.

Everyone remained in their seats, and calmly looked at the altar. None of them had any intention of stopping the wedding, or at least, that was what Belle's parents, and the President of Country-K believed.

"I do not agree with this wedding!" a young man barged inside the church doors with an aggrieved expression on his face. "I have loved Belle for many years. I will not hand her over to any–argh!"

The young man wasn't able to finish his words because a wooden mallet smashed into his face, sending him sprawling on the ground.

The mallet then flew back towards the altar and ended up in the Priest's hand, which the latter lightly thumped on his open palm, while eyeing everyone in the room.

"Is there anyone else who opposes this marriage?" the priest asked in a challenging tone.

Noone inside the church was able to stop their face from twitching after seeing what had just transpired.

There were several people who planned to cause trouble for the young bride and groom, but after seeing the fate of the young man who was being dragged away by the subordinates of the President of the Country, all of them remained in their seats and kept their lips shut tight.

Who would willingly desire to get smacked in the face by a wooden mallet?Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Only masochists would do that!

After seeing that there were no more fools who wanted to get whacked by his wooden mallet, the Priest nodded his head in satisfaction and returned his attention to the bride and groom.

Breaking his dignified expression, the Priest smiled and winked at the Half-Elf, who was finding it hard to hold back the laughter that was bubbling inside his chest.

James, William's grandfather, cleared his throat as he hid the wooden mallet inside his robe. As someone who had been pushing his grandson to give him as many great grandkids as possible, how could he possibly allow anyone to get in the way of his, and William's happiness?

With the Almighty All Father presiding over the wedding, no one, not even all the Big Shots on Earth combined, could prevent him from marrying the two star-crossed lovers, who had continued to love each other, even though they were separated by space and time.