Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 936 - Boyfriend That Was Superhero Material

After the short incident, the wedding proceeded smoothly.

Adele teared up after witnessing William and Belle share their vows of love to each other. Raymond was feeling conflicted, but this was something that almost all fathers felt when they saw their daughters on their wedding day.

Belle's older brother and sister were genuinely happy for her, and they wished their little sister all the happiness the world had to offer

James smiled as he wrapped up the wedding with the words that everyone was waiting to hear.

"With the blessing of everyone who is present here today, I now pronounce both of you husband and wife," James said before giving William a wink. "You may now kiss the bride."

William didn't stand on ceremony and lifted the veil blocking his wife's face. Under the gazes of thousands of people inside the church, and millions of peoples around the world, the Half-Elf kissed his beloved passionately.

A moment later, a thundering applause followed by countless whistling broke out inside the church, as everyone gave their blessing to the newlyweds who had officially become the most popular couple in the world.

When the kiss ended, William held Belle's hand firmly as they walked down the aisle. The paparazzi flashed their cameras in order to record this glorious moment that would be seen in the headlines of all the newspapers the next day.

After exiting the church, a devilish smile appeared on William's face as he suddenly lifted Belle in a princess carry.

This act made the ladies squeal in delight because they found the Half-Elf's bad boy image very attractive.

"What do you think you're doing?" Belle asked with a smile. She could tell that William was feeling playful at the moment, so she decided to play along with her husband's wishes.

"I plan to take you flying," William replied before turning towards Raymond and Adele who were right behind them.Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Father, Mother, Belle and I will just take a short detour before going to the hotel for the celebration feast," William said. "Don't worry, I will not make things difficult for the two of you this time around."

Without waiting for their reply, William slowly floated in the air before flying Northwards. He planned to take Belle on a short sight-seeing flight of the entire city before going to the Five-Star Hotel that the President of Country-K had rented for them.

"Kids sure know how to have fun," the President said with a chuckle. "Well then, Mr. and Mrs. Parker, shall we go?"

"Of course, Mr. President," Raymond replied. "We wouldn't miss it for the world."

Adele smiled as she nodded her head. Right now, it was their role to entertain the thousands of guests that had come to form connections with their family. This was a perfect opportunity for her to step up into the international scene, and let their company spread its wings and open branches all over the world.

Paula and Hana looked at the Half-Elf who was flying Northwards, while carrying their best friend in his arms.

Even now, they still couldn't believe all the things that they had witnessed, and experienced. If not for William, the two had no doubt that they would have also been part of the casualties that had been forever lost, alongside the city that had disappeared completely from the face of the Earth.

"Hana, did William say if he had any older or younger brothers?" Paula asked as she looked at where Wiliam and Belle had flown off too. "I want some of that action as well."

The corner of Hana's lips twitched as she stared at her best friend with a dumbfounded expression. She would be lying if she said that what Paula was saying hadn't crossed her mind as well. However, she found it quite embarrassing to discuss this topic out in the open.

"... Let's ask William tomorrow," Hana answered. In the end, she also wanted to know if she could have a boyfriend that was superhero material.

Paula nodded absentmindedly. "Mmm… let's do that."

—--

"Aren't the two of you going to give them your well wishes?" James asked as he turned to the two beautiful young ladies who were looking at the flying couple in the distance.

The two beautiful young ladies shook their heads.

"If he sees me, it will just make things complicated," the young beauty with long red hair and amber eyes answered with a smile.

"As for me, I don't want Papa to see me," the black-haired young lady replied. "He still doesn't know of my existence, so if I suddenly appear in front of him… it might cause unexpected consequences."

James chuckled, but didn't force the issue. The fact that he was able to see his future great granddaughters was enough to make his trip through the void worth his while.

"Ah, Great Grandpa, I have a favor to ask," the young beauty with long red hair said. "Maple and Cinnamon have snuck inside Papa's Domain. A day has already passed since then, and I'm afraid that they have been causing all sorts of difficulties for those poor Elves inside it.

"We will be leaving on the same day that Papa returns to Hestia. If possible, we want our two naugthy sisters out of the Thousand Beast Domain by then."

The young lady with long black hair then handed a silver bracelet to James.

"Great Grandpa, let Papa wear this bracelet. It will help him break the laws of Earth and allow him to enter the Thousand Beast Domain. The effect of the bracelet will wear off in two days. I hope that Maple and Cinnamon will be taken out of the Domain by then."

James nodded as he accepted the silver bracelet. It would be easy to pass this bracelet to William. Also, he wanted to spend a little more time with his twin great granddaughters before they returned to their own timeline.

"I'll pass this to Wiliam at the party later," James replied. "However, I think he will only be able to take Maple and Cinnamon out tomorrow morning. After all, today is a special day for him and Belle."

Stella smiled and nodded her head in understanding. Naturally, she wouldn't want to ruin William's special day. Although she felt bad for the denizens of the Thousand Beast Domain, she was willing to wait for one more day, before the two little angelic devils were returned to their side.