Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 937 - Papa Is Marrying His First Love

Inside the Thousand Beast Domain…

Due to the time difference between Earth and Hestia, Maple and Cinnamon had been inside the Thousand Beast Domain for more than a week.

During their stay, the two angelic devils had visited all there was to visit, while being accompanied by Chiffon. The pink-haired girl didn't allow the two children to enter the Dungeon of Atlantis because she was very worried about them.

When Ashe asked Chiffon about Maple and Cinnamon, the pink-haired girl only told her that the one with a better grasp of the current situation was Lilith.

Finding this as an opportunity to one-up Princess Sidonie, Lilith was more than happy to tell Ashe and the Succubus Princess about what had happened in the Deadlands. After listening to her tale, Princess Sidonie's expression became serious.

As someone who had wanted William's babies from the start, this was a blow that she couldn't take lying down.

Because of this discovery, Princess Sidonie tried to befriend the two little girls by bribing them with food. To her surprise, Maple and Cinnamon didn't shy away from her, and occasionally called her Mama Sidonie from time to time.

This left Princess Sidonie and Morgana smitten with the two adorable children. She was often found carrying one of the twins whenever she took a stroll inside the Thousand Beast Domain.

Ashe was very amused by this scene, while Chiffon felt conflicted. A part of her wanted to monopolize her future babies, but since Princess Sidonie was one of her sisters, she reluctantly allowed either Maple or Cinnamon to accompany her when she appeared in the Thousand Beast Domain.

Princess Sidonie would ask the two girls questions from time to time, but both of them would only shake their heads to questions pertaining to the future.

In the end, the Succubus Princess gave up, but her relationship with the two girls didn't change. For her, William's babies are her babies. This was why she would pamper, feed, kiss, and squeeze Maple and Cinnamon everyday after her classes in Hestia ended.

One day, while Chiffon and Princess Sidonie were feeding Maple and Cinnamon pancakes, Ashe asked an innocent question, which completely changed the atmosphere inside the Villa.

"I wonder what Will is doing right now?"

This was the innocent question that Ashe absentmindedly muttered, after sipping her tea. She didn't know that a certain little girl, who had just finished eating one of her pancakes, would answer her question.

"He's getting married right now. Isn't that right, Cinnamon?" Maple asked.

"Un!" Cinnamon replied.

All the ladies in the room froze, including Charmaine who was pouring tea for everyone.

"Maple, sweetheart, did you just say that Will is getting married?" Princess Sidonie asked.

"Yes," Maple replied before eating the pancake on her plate. "They should be in the middle of the marriage ceremony right now."

Ashe and Chiffon frowned, while Lilith was dumbstruck. The Amazon Princess had thought that she would be William's fifth wife, but the order had changed and she was being pushed out of the spot that she had claimed as her own.

"Maple, did Will perhaps save or pick up a girl in a dungeon?" This time it was Ashe who asked the question.

She knew that William wasn't that loose when it came to relationships. There was no way he would just suddenly marry a girl out of the blue without a good reason.

Cinnamon, who was being hand fed by Chiffon, tilted her head to the side as she looked innocently at Princess Sidonie.

Maple shook her head. There was no dungeon on Earth, so how could her Papa pick up a girl in a dungeon? It was just not possible, you know?

"Do you know the identity of that girl?" Princess Sidonie asked. "I'll give you twenty pancakes if you answer me."

Maple frowned. For a brief moment she was moved by the bribe that the beautiful Princess was going to give her. But, in the end, she persevered and shook her head firmly.

"Sorry, I can't tell you that Papa is marrying his first love," Maple answered in an innocent tone. "Papa told me that I shouldn't tell you no matter what."

"Excuse me?" Princess Sidonie blinked in confusion after hearing Maple's answer. She had no idea who William's first love was, because she had never bothered to ask him about other women.

When she became William's fiance, she had said that she didn't care how many wives William had as long as he would love her just as much as they would love him. Although she didn't want to admit it, she felt that with her good looks, wits, seductive body, and prowess in bed, she would easily become the red-headed teenager's favorite.

However, after spending time with him, Princess Sidonie and Morgana realized that William was someone who truly loved her and his other lovers. They both felt that competing with Wendy, Ashe, Est, and Chiffon, was a useless endeavor.

Although she understood that William didn't love all of them equally, he still loved them and treated them as if they were the most precious things in his world. Princess Sidonie and Morgana had learned to accept this setting, but after hearing that William was marrying his first love, something inside her snapped.

'First love? Is she talking about Celine?' Princess Sidonie shook her head.

'Celine is in Hestia, and William is currently not in Hestia, so this is impossible. If that's the case, could it be Est? No. The two of them were best friends before they turned lovers, so it's not her either. If that is the case then there is only one answer… it is someone William met before Celine.'

The Succubus Princess frowned because this was the only possible explanation she could think of at this point in time.

Lilith was in the same boat as her love rival. She had just recently become WIlliam's fiance, and was not aware of how many lovers the Half-Elf had. Although she didn't want to admit it, she felt an ache in her chest after knowing that her fiance was marrying his first love.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Ashe and Chiffon on the other hand, glanced at each other with a knowing look. Both of them had talked to William about many things, and the Half-Elf didn't hide anything from them, especially the name of his first love.

However, what confused both of them was that they thought that Belle lived in Hestia. They were not aware that the person the Half-Elf was talking about was his first love from his past life.