Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 938 - Please, Make As Many Babies As You Can With My Grandson

The celebration feast at the hotel where the President of Country-K was well on its way when William and Belle arrived at the venue.

Countless VIP's from all over the world had tossed their important matters aside just to be able to attend their wedding.

Of course, this was the perfect place to form connections with the most influential people in the world, so even when the groom and his bride were not around, the people made sure to mingle with their peers, as well as potential business partners for future collaboration.

Raymond and Adele, who had been forced to entertain them while William and Belle were away, were naturally the center of attention. Everyone wanted to talk to them, and if possible, collaborate in whatever way possible in order to strengthen their connections.

Adele was the one managing the family business, while Raymond was managing their hospital. Although both of them work in separate fields, that didn't stop them from shaking hands with Presidents, Prime Ministers, Kings, and even Oligarchs, from all over the world.

Belle's parents knew that from this moment onwards, their family could forget about being lowkey ever again.

The moment William landed carrying his wife in his arms, the people at the scene immediately perked up and were all smiles. The Half-Elf knew that he couldn't escape this fate. Fortunately, he saw someone happily taking a few dishes from the buffet table, and decided to dump all the responsibilities on the old scammer's shoulders.

The red-headed teenager helped Belle to stand up before addressing everyone who was looking at him like a golden goose that they didn't plan on letting go.

"Friends, who came from all over the world, I am very happy that all of you have come to give us your blessings," William said with a smile. "As you may already know. Today is a special day, so I don't wish to talk about politics and business related topics. However, that doesn't mean that my Ainsworth Family is not interested in your proposals."

William paused as he walked towards the buffet table while holding Belle's hands. Everyone's gazes followed him until he stopped in front of an old man who was putting several fried chicken legs on his plate.

"Everyone, let me introduce to you the head of our family," William announced as he rested his hand on the old bandit's shoulder. "Here is my grandfather, James Von Ainsworth. Every decision in our family goes through him first. That's why, I would appreciate it if you discuss political and business related matters with him."

James gnawed on a chicken leg as he looked at the crowd of people around them. Naturally, Belle's parents, as well as those who were seated near the front of the altar recognized the old man who presided over William's and Belle's wedding.

James didn't mind being used as a scapegoat this once because he understood that Wiliam had a more important duty to attend to, and that was to save his strength in order to increase the number of their family members.

Since that was the case, the old man was more than happy to take one for the team and deal with the hawks and vultures who planned to give him gifts and bribes. Since they are offering things for free, it would be a shame for him not to take them, right?

"Everyone, just call me James," James stated with a smile. "You've already seen how awesome my grandson is, but did you know that I am more awesome than him?"

The corner of William's lips twitched after hearing his Grandpa's words. He planned to use the old coot as a scapegoat, and yet, the old scammer managed to toot his own horn, and tell everyone that he was more awesome than him? Ridiculous!

However, before Wiliam could even say anything James handed a silver bracelet to him and whispered something to his ear.

"This bracelet will allow you to temporarily visit your Domain," James whispered. "There are two little pink haired girls that snuck inside it while you were unconscious. However, you don't have to deal with them today. Both of them are harmless, so it's fine if you wait until tomorrow to pick them up. For now, prioritize the honeymoon with your wife, do I make myself clear?"

William blinked once then twice after hearing James' revelation. He didn't expect that the two gummy-bear eating girls had trespassed into his Thousand Beast Domain without his permission.

He was very tempted to take a quick look at the two of them, but James' meaningful gaze told him that he should just wait until tomorrow before bringing them out of his Domain.

'Those little girls should have met Chiffon by now,' William thought as he nodded his head to his grandpa to tell him that he understood his intentions.

Although he was very curious about what was currently happening inside his Domain, he also understood that now was not the time to visit it.

James smiled and turned his attention to Belle, who was looking at James with a surprised expression on her face.

"I'm very happy to have you in our family, Belle," James said. "Please, make as many babies as you can with my grandson. The more the merrier!"

The black-haired beauty blushed because she didn't expect Wiliam's grandfather to say something like that in front of everyone.

William on the other hand just chuckled because he knew that James wanted to expand their family lineage as much as possible.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

To be perfectly honest, the Half-Elf was looking forward to leaving the party as soon as they could, so he and Belle could have some time alone together. Now that they were married, there was nothing more that could stop him from embracing Belle and consummating their marriage.

James then took on his role and talked with the VIP guests' that had come from all over the world. Although he and William couldn't stay long on Earth, that didn't mean that James couldn't scam them dry before leaving!

As for future collaboration? That could wait until the connection between Hestia and Earth had stabilized. He would just make promises for now, and tell them that he and William still needed to save other worlds aside from Earth from the threat of the Giant Black Golems that had appeared yesterday.

He added that if they didn't do that, the Giant Golems would appear in a random location on Earth and wreak havoc, just as they did in K-City.

For the dignitaries of the different countries, this was a very important issue. All of them were very supportive of James and even asked them if there was anything that they could do to help.

They even went as far as to say that they were willing to provide state of the art equipment in order to deal with the Giant Black Golems, whose power they had witnessed firsthand.

The talks went smoothly and James was able to scam a lot of people. It was a very productive day, and he was very happy with the results.

—--

Two hours later, William and Belle had already snuck out of the party and retired to their room.

For the two of them, every minute was precious, so they didn't want to waste any of them if they could help it.

"I love you, Belle," William said as he stared at his wife who was still wearing her wedding dress.

Belle wrapped her arms around William's neck and kissed his lips. "I love you, too."

After their first kiss ended, a second one followed. This time, it was more intense and more passionate.

Soon, Belle's wedding dress slid off her beautiful and delicate body. Making the Half-Elf's breathing a little ragged.

The black-haired beauty smiled as she started to remove William's clothes. When all of their clothes were lying on the floor, Belle held William's hand and led him towards the bathroom.

The sun still hadn't set, so they still had plenty of time to freshen themselves up before she would serve William the main course.

Unfortunately for her, the Half-Elf had other plans in mind.

A mischievous smile appeared on William's face as the black-haired beauty filled the bathtub with water.

As someone who had already fought numerous night battles with his wives, the Half-Elf had more than enough experience on how to stroke the flames of passion that were starting to blaze inside Belle's beautiful and irresistible body.