Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 939 - Filling Her Up With His Love [R-18]

(Disclaimer: You and I both know what is going to happen here. If you're not comfortable reading this kind of action, feel free to skip this chapter.)

"What are you doing?" Belle asked when she felt Wiliam's naughty hand caressing her backside.

"Just double checking to see if there are any unseen injuries that I might have missed yesterday," William replied as his hand lightly squeezed the soft bun in front of him.

Belle didn't make any efforts to pry William's naughty hand away. She could feel her cheeks burning in embarrassment because she could feel the warmth that was coming from her beloved's touch, which was making her body start to heat up.

Seeing that the black-haired beauty wasn't resisting his advances, the Half-Elf decided to be a little bolder as he pulled Belle towards him until her back was leaning against his body.

The black-haired beauty's blush turned a shade redder when she felt something hot, and hard pressing against her back. Although she already saw a glimpse of it earlier, she didn't look at it for long because she was afraid that William would tease her about it.

She turned her head to look at her husband with a face filled with injustice, but before she could voice her complaint, her lips were sealed with a kiss. It was also at that moment when William's hands moved in to fondle her breasts, which made Belle forget what she was about to say next.

Soon, the sound of kissing echoed inside the bathroom. William's three pronged attack left the black-haired beauty helpless as his lips, his hands, and Little Will worked together to make Belle's legs turn to jelly.

William's tongue had already invaded Belle's lips and pried it open. This was not the first time that the red-headed teenager had kissed Belle this way, so she was already used to this kind of intense kissing.

When their lips parted, a sigh escaped her lips as her knees almost gave in due to lack of strength. Fortunately, William was long prepared for this to happen, so he carried his wife and lovingly placed her inside the bathtub, where a second round of kissing, groping, and nibbling ensued.

The innocent girl's body lay limp in William's arms as he carried her out of the bathtub. The Half-Elf used wind magic to dry themselves in a matter of seconds because he had reached his limit.

Belle's pleasure-filled sighs inside the bathtub almost made him want to eat her up then and there, but he endured because he wanted to make their first time memorable. The moment he laid Belle on the bed, her naked beauty was on full display for William to look at and behold.

Seeing the Half-Elf's heated gaze that wandered all over her body, the black-haired beauty felt so exposed. Even so, she didn't cover her assets, and allowed William to look as much as he wanted.

"You're very beautiful, Belle," William said as he lowered his head to kiss her forehead.

Belle felt very happy hearing William's heart-felt praise. She had already seen William's wives, and all of them were beautiful in their own right.

"Will, please…," Belle pleaded. "I can't take it anymore."

After William's relentless fondling and teasing, the black-haired beauty's body was burning up with passion. The Half-Elf had made sure to properly fan the flames of desire in her heart, and mind, which made the chaste maiden plead for her beloved to give her relief.

Hearing the words of permission from her lips, William once again indulged himself in kissing her soft lips. His hands moved downwards until they slid past her lower abdomen, reaching the entrance of her maidenhood.

Soon, William's fingers caressed that place, making Belle's body shudder. She was really very sensitive right now, so any kind of stimulation was enough to make her reach her climax.

William then kissed Belle's neck, going down her collarbone. His left hand once again groped his wife's left breast, and lightly pinched the pink tips that were slowly starting to become firm from his sensual touch.

The Half-Elf then kissed Belles' right breast, before sucking, and lightly nibbling the pink tip that was waiting for his love and affection.

Unknown to Belle, William was using all of his willpower to control his urges. He was patiently, loosening her up, so that their union wouldn't hurt her as much. After enjoying her perfectly-sized breast that fit his hands, the Half-Elf started to kiss her downwards.

The moment William's tongue pried open her lower lips, and tasted her forbidden fruit, Belle's body shuddered as she reached another climax.

The Half-Elf paused for a bit and checked her condition. Although he wanted to make Belle's first time as pleasurable as possible, he was still worried about her health. A quick diagnostic scan told him that she was fine, and merely basking on the afterglow of her orgasm.

William wanted to engrave Belle's entirety to his memories. Her soft sighs of pleasure, her smooth and delicate body, and her disheveled expression that was very different from the composed and calm look that she always wore when she was at the University.

He wanted them all, and more. William wanted her everything to be engraved in his soul, so that he wouldn't be able to forget her no matter what.

When Belle reached her third orgasm, the Half-Elf knew that she was more than ready for their union.

"Are you ready, Belle?" William asked.

"Yes," Belle replied with a flushed face. She had never experienced this kind of pleasure in her life, and a part of her was looking forward to giving her chastity to the man she loved with all of her heart.

William knew that Belle was already at her limit, so he no longer tarried and spread her legs apart.

When William lowered his hips, a gasp escaped Belle's lips as her beloved became one with her. Although she felt a bit of pain, it was not as painful as she imagined it would be. Soon, Belle felt what it was like to be on the receiving end of William's hot and passionate love.

He no longer teased her, which she was thankful for. But, each time William lowered his hips, she could feel him going deeper inside her body. She could feel how hard he was, and hot she was, and it made her insides melt, knowing that the Half-Elf wanted her.

Belle could feel William's desire to mark her as his woman, as both of them became lost in the storm of passion that had taken over their senses. Just as she was about to reach the peak of pleasure, William grunted as he lowered his hips one last time, and shot his essence inside her.

The black-haired beauty's body trembled as a wave of pleasure, she had never felt before descended on her like a tide, making her lose consciousness due to how powerful her orgasm was.

Although she had momentarily fainted, William's manhood was firmly pressed against the entrance of her womb, pouring his seeds inside her.

The Half-Elf panted because this was probably the most intense love-making session he had experienced in his current lifetime. His release was so strong that he felt a bit drained afterwards.

Running a diagnostic spell on Belle, he was relieved to know that she had just fainted from the pleasure that she had experienced. After a few light taps on her cheeks, the black-haired beauty regained her consciousness.

"Are you alright?" William asked as he caressed the side of her face.

Belle nodded. Right now, she was too drained to even talk, and merely gave William a brief nod to tell him that she was fine.

William's… was still buried deep inside her, and from the looks of it, it won't come out anytime soon. The Half-Elf was paying close attention to Belle's expression and condition. If the latter didn't want to continue, he wouldn't force her, and let her rest.Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

"Does it still hurt?" William inquired as he kissed her forehead.

"No," Belle replied. "It only hurt at first, but after a while, the pain disappeared completely."

"Do you want to continue?"

"... Yes, but do it gently this time."

"Okay," William replied as he once again moved his hips, but this time in a slow manner.

Among his wives, Chiffon liked to make love this way, so William already knew what to do. Less than five minutes later, Belle once again attained orgasm because the Half-Elf was simply too good in the arts of lovemaking.

Her second time was just as intense as the first. Fortunately, she didn't lose consciousness, but lay panting on the bed as William's seed flowed inside her womb, filling her up with his love.