Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 940 - Hiding Something That Shouldn't Be Seen

William was surprised at Belle's tenacity. Although she wasn't as physically strong as his wives from Hestia, the black-haired beauty managed to last five rounds with breaks in between.

The Half-Elf carried her back to the bathroom and cleaned her up properly. He also used a regeneration spell to help her recover faster, and heal any invisible injuries that she might have suffered after their love making.

William then carried Belle back to the bedroom and laid her down on the bed. He had already removed the bed sheets earlier, and replaced them with new ones, so his exhausted wife could rest properly.

The red headed teenager covered her with a blanket, and observed her sleeping face. The black-haired beauty looked so defenseless that it gave William the strong urge to lightly pinch her cheeks because of how cute she was.

Of course, he only thought of this, and didn't have the heart to actually do it.

"I'm sure that all the guys who love you at the University are cursing me right now," William muttered with a smug expression on his face. The Half-Elf was sure of it because if he were in their place, he would be doing the same.

He would have probably cursed the guy that Belle married to the high heavens, while wishing that his manhood would never stand again.

William smiled as he kissed Belle's forehead before hugging her body to sleep. It had been so long since he felt his heart at ease. Before he knew it, he was fast asleep, not from exhaustion, but from the happiness of having Belle as one of his wives.

—--

Hestia Academy…

Shannon's face reddened as she lowered the brush in her hand to her side.Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

In front of her, an image of a handsome Half-Elf making love to a black-haired beauty could be seen. The sensual brush strokes, and the vivid colors portrayed the scene very clearly.

It was so clear that even Shannon, who had been locked up inside the Shrine for many years, understood what the two people in her drawing were doing.

"I should hide this somewhere where mother and father can't see," Shannon muttered as she hurriedly grabbed the canvas, which was still a little wet.

She then looked around the room to find a suitable place to hide her drawing. After finding an appropriate place, the young lady took a step forward with a flushed expression on her face. One of her powers allowed her to see events that were happening in the present.

The images that appeared in her head were completely random. However, for the past few weeks, the only scenes that were coming to her were related to William's family.

She had drawn the battle against the Giants that James and his subordinates had participated in.

She had drawn William's uncle, Morgan, who was now in charge of the Floor of Asgard in the Tower of Babylon.

She had drawn a mysterious woman, who was accompanying Eve in the Central continent, while being guarded by two powerful Minotaurs.

And lastly, she had drawn William's battle in the Deadlands, his battle on Earth, as well as William's battle in bed with his new wife, Belle.

Due to the images that she had seen with her powers, Shannon had unconsciously become William's fan. She looked forward to every new day for the possibility of drawing more of his adventures, both in Hestia and in the worlds outside of it.

Just as Shannon was about to properly hide the canvas in his hand, a beautiful lady appeared in the center of the room and called out to her.

"Dearest, have you drawn another painting?" the beautiful lady asked as she walked towards Shannon with a smile. "Come, let me see it. I'm very curious about what you have drawn this time."

"M-Mother, this drawing is still not complete," Shannon stuttered as she hid the drawing behind her back. "I will let you see it when it's done, but for now, I would like to rest first."

The beautiful lady nodded her head in understanding. She knew that her daughter would feel very sleepy whenever she used her powers to look for images to draw.

Because of this, she no longer insisted on seeing her daughter's drawing. Seeing that her mother didn't intend to forcefully look at her drawing, Shannon placed the canvass on one of the shelves that had been built in the living room.

She had placed it in the middle of her other drawings, no longer caring that the paint was still a little wet. The most important thing was that she couldn't let anyone see it, or she would definitely die of embarrassment.

After making sure that the canvass was properly stored, Shannon went to hug her mother, who returned her hug with a smile.

"Did your father come to visit you?" the beautiful lady asked. "I can sense his Divinity inside the living room."

Shannon nodded her head. "A few days ago he came here for a visit. However, I was busy drawing things, so we didn't have the opportunity to talk."

The beautiful lady nodded her head in understanding. Although she and her husband didn't always spend time together because both of them were busy, they would always find time to visit their daughter to check on her condition on a regular basis.

"Shannon, do you have a fever?" the beautiful lady asked as she pressed her palm over Shannon's forehead. "You're a bit hot, and your face is flushed. You are not staying up late to draw things again, are you? Are you not resting properly then?"

Shannon had a conflicted expression on her face as she tried to think on what to say to her mother. She knew that she couldn't possibly tell her that she was feeling hot and bothered after witnessing William making love to his wife.

The young lady would rather bury herself in a hole due to embarrassment, than have her mother know the truth.

"I'm sorry," Shannon replied. "I saw an interesting scene, and I wasn't able to keep myself from drawing it."

Shannon knew that Gods could easily tell when people are lying, so she decided to tell her mother half-truths in order to stop her from worrying. She had indeed seen an interesting scene, and she wasn't able to stop herself from drawing it on canvas.

Since this was the truth, the beautiful lady could only reluctantly accept her daughter's answer before she led her daughter to the bed where she could have a proper rest.

"Rest, my dearest," the beautiful lady said as she sat beside the bed, holding her daughter's hand. "I'll stay with you for a bit, so you can sleep without any worries."

Shannon nodded her head and closed her eyes. Only a minute had passed before her soft sleeper breaths reached the beautiful lady's ears, which made her feel better.

However, what she didn't know was that even though Shannon was sleeping, her mind was very much active. The young lady's connection with William had remained, and she had seen everything that was happening in real time.

If only the beautiful lady and Aamon knew that William was indirectly teaching their daughter indecent things, both of them would definitely be dragging William to their Domains so they could strangle him until he begged for mercy.