Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 941 - Father, I Have Important News To Tell You

When Belle opened her eyes the first thing she saw was a handsome Half-Elf looking back at her with a smile.

"Good morning, Belle," William said.

"Good morning," Belle replied as she snuggled closer to him.

William chuckled because he didn't expect that this was the first thing that his wife would do the moment she opened her eyes.

"Are you hungry?" William asked. "Want me to order room service?"

Belle nodded, but didn't move from her spot. What William didn't know was that the black-haired beauty was trying to assess if everything that happened was a dream or not. After feeling her husband's warmth, and the naughty hand that was lightly squeezing her backside, she understood that everything was real.

"I'm glad," Belle muttered as she hugged William tighter.

"Mmm? What are you glad about?"

"I'm glad that you and I are now married."

William chuckled as he kissed Belle's forehead. Just like her, he was also feeling very happy that the two of them were finally married after experiencing many hardships.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"This is bad," William whispered in her ears. "If you continue to say cute things like this, I might eat you before I eat breakfast."

"... Okay," Belle replied in a low volume that almost escaped William's strong hearing.

He was just teasing her, and didn't expect that she would give him her tacit approval. Because of this, the Half-Elf and his new wife stayed in their room for two more hours before leaving their room to eat.

—--

Raymond, Adele, Belle's older brother, and older sister sat at a table with the newlyweds after meeting up with them in one of the hotel's hallways.

William happily greeted his in-laws with a dazzling smile that gave Raymond the strong urge to smack him. Seeing Belle's flushed expression, Adele knew that her daughter had finally climbed onto the stairs to adulthood with the man she loved.

All of them ate a sumptuous brunch together. Belle's family was quite happy to see the interaction between William and Belle.

The Half-Elf was spoon feeding his wife, and the latter graciously accepted his care and ate happily. It was as if they were in a world of her own, which made Belle's family almost vomit sugar at their public display of affection.

Even so, Raymond's heart was finally at ease knowing that his daughter had finally found the happiness she deserved. Although William still hadn't found a way to cross the worlds to stay by her side, Belle's father was willing to take care of his daughter until the two of them were reunited once again.

"Father, I have important news to tell you," William said with a serious expression on his face. "Belle is pregnant."

Raymond, who had just taken a drink from his coffee, spat it in the Half-Elf's face out of sheer shock.

"What did you say?!" Raymond asked as he stood up from his seat.

Because of his shock, he wasn't able to keep his voice low, which made the other guests in the restaurant look at him with concern.

Seeing the scene he created, Raymond immediately sat down and glared daggers at the Half-Elf who had protected himself with wind magic.

William flicked the coffee droplets and made it fly back on Raymond's cup which made Belle's father want to strangle him then and there.

"Isn't this a little too fast?" Raymond asked in a hushed voice. "How did you know that she's already pregnant? You won't know that until a few days later!"

"I don't know," William replied. "I just wanted to try saying it once in order to see your reaction."

Raymond wanted to curse out loud, but managed to stop himself in time. He understood that the Half-Elf was just messing with him for the sake of messing with him!

Belle lightly thumped William's chest as a way to tell him to not bully her father. The red-headed teenager nodded his head, and apologized to Raymond and Adele, as well as Belle's sister for his rudeness.

"Don't be like that, William," Adele commented from the side. "I really thought that I was about to have a grandchild. You gave me false hope."

"Don't worry, Mother." William patted his chest with a confident smile on his face. "I will do my best to not fail your expectations."

There were no longer any fiascos after that and everyone enjoyed their brunch. Adele invited Belle to go to their room to talk. Now that her daughter was married, she needed to impart some knowledge to her to ensure that her child bearing would not encounter any problems.

William, on the other hand, remembered what he had talked with James about a day ago and decided to visit his Thousand Beast Domain to retrieve the two girls that had snuck inside his Domain, while he was still unconscious.

—---

When William appeared in the Thousand Beast Domain, he immediately noticed a few things that were out of place. For one thing, he couldn't see any Beasts loitering near their residence, which was a first for him.

In fact, he couldn't sense any beast near the villa within a mile-wide radius. It was as if the Villa had become a no-entry zone, which his legion dared not approach.

Thinking that something wasn't right, William entered the Villa in order to ask Charmaine what was going on. However, just as soon as he entered the residence, he immediately saw two-pink haired girls seated on the couch in the living room and being fed with cake slices by Chiffon and Princess Sidonie, as if they were their bosses.

"Chiffon? Sidonie? What's going on?" William asked.

The moment he made his presence known, Chiffon and Princess Sidonie looked back at him in surprise.

Chiffon placed the empty plate on the table and stood up from her seat. She then grabbed Maple's and Cinnamon's hands and led them towards William.

This was the first time that William had seen Chiffon look at him with pleading eyes, and it made him wonder what she was going to tell him. Fortunately, he didn't have to wait for long before his adorable wife stood in front of him, while hugging the two pink-haired girls in her arms, and asked.

"Will, can we keep them?"