Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 942 - I'm Afraid That I Might Die For Real

William looked at his adorable wife, who was looking at him with pleading eyes. Meanwhile, the two angelic devils in her arms were busy chewing gummy bears as they looked at William with hopeful gazes.

"T-This." William scratched his head. "Chiffon, we can't. If the two of them don't return to their timeline, many people will be sad."

Chiffon lips trembled. She had completely forgotten that it was not only her that loved and cared for the two little girls. Even so, she still felt reluctant to let them go after hearing about the time that William and Lilith were able to spend with Raizel in the Deadlands.

The Half-Elf crouched down and looked at the two little girls who had pouting expressions on their faces. Clearly, they weren't happy that they weren't allowed to stay and play with the beasts in the Thousand Beasts Domain.

Ever since the two little girls had "accidentally" devoured a few beasts because they were curious about what they tasted like, they had become the public enemies Number One and Two to the members of William's King's Legion.

Even Erchitu wasn't spared when Cinnamon devoured him out of curiosity.

Of course, the two girls spat the beasts back out and their lives weren't in danger. Even so, the horrifying experience made everyone go to the Dungeon of Atlantis in order to hide from the two terrifying little girls whose hunger knew no bounds.

"How long have the two of you stayed here?" William asked.

Maple and Cinnamon glanced at each other before raising three of their fingers to show William.

""Nearly two weeks,"" Maple and Cinnamon replied in unison.

Chiffon giggled after seeing that the two little girls didn't know how to count properly. "Maple, Cinnamon, you're holding up three fingers. Remove one, and that will be two."

The two little girls were very obedient and followed Chiffon's words. They put down one of their fingers, and proudly showed William their two fingers.

William smiled and kissed both of their cheeks. He would be lying if he said that he didn't want to spend time with Chiffon's future daughters, but he also understood that they needed to return to their own timeline.

After looking at the three girls' pleading gazes (including Chiffon), William sighed internally and compromised.

"The flow of time on Earth is slower than Hestia," William said. "They can stay for a few more days, but when I come to pick them up again, they will have to come with me. Even if you beg, I won't change my mind, got it?"

The three girls cheered and hugged William to thank him. Chiffon, Maple, and Cinnamon, pecked William's lips repeatedly before going out of the Villa to play. Now that they only had a few more days to stay in the Thousand Beast Domain, they intend to visit the Ant's Nest next, and see if they could find something delicious to eat there.

After the three girls left, Princess Sidonie stood up and walked towards William with a seductive smile on her beautiful face.

"Darling, you have seen Chiffon's daughters, have you see mine?" Princess Sidonie asked as she wrapped her arms around William's waist.

William shook his head. "No. I haven't seen anyone that has resembled you."

"I see. Well then, come with me." Princess Sidonie didn't even wait for William's reply as she dragged him away. "Ashe is currently at the Academy and handling a few matters. She should arrive here in three to four hours. That should be more than enough time."

"Enough time for what?" William asked as beads of sweat started to form on his forehead. For some reason, the seductive Princess was making him feel anxious.

Princess Sidonie turned her head and smiled at William. "I'll tell you when we arrive in your room. It's a very important matter that needs your immediate attention."

William was still not sure what his wife was planning to tell him. However, since he knew that the Princess wouldn't harm him, he didn't resist as she led him to his room, with a devilish smile on her face.

—--

Three hours later…

The door of William's room opened, and the Half-Elf walked out into the hallway with shaky legs. After they entered the room, Princess Sidonie and Morgana pinned him down and milked him dry, until Little William was knocked out.

It was the first time the little guy was defeated in a wrestling match, and it made William question whether his stamina was high enough to satisfy all of his wives.

As the Half-Elf walked in the hallway while using the wall as support, he came across Charmaine and Ashe who had just finished her tasks back in Hestia.

After seeing William, the mermaid looked at him with concern because she could feel that the Half-Elf was a spent candle, whose fire was about to be snuffed out.

"What happened?" Ashe asked as she supported William's body.

She had wanted to see William so badly in order to thank him for lifting the curse that was placed on her. However, after seeing his current state, she remembered Charmaine's tale of William's fight against a Pseudo-God, which made her frown.

'Has he still not recovered from that battle?' Ashe thought as she lovingly hugged the red-headed teenager. 'No good. I must help him recover.'

Charmaine who obviously knew what happened was feeling conflicted whether she should tell Ashe that William had spent three hours inside his room with Princess Sidonie, which might have led to his current weakened state.

"Don't worry, Will," Ashe whispered as she carried William back to his room. "I'll help you no matter what."Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"Y-You don't have to," William stuttered when he understood that Ashe planned to bring him back to his room. "Don't worry. I'll be fine in a while. Just let me rest for a few hours."

"Sounds like a good plan. What better place to rest than in your own room."

"Ashe, my love, if you really care for me, you will not bring me back to my room. If you do so, I'm afraid I might die for real."

Ashe giggled because she felt that the Half-Elf was just teasing her. She wasn't aware that the red-headed teenager had barely survived a battle against two Succubus Princesses', who were just resting a bit before they started the hundredth round of their battle with William.

Fortunately, William could access the God Shop. He immediately bought two large bottles of Super Stamina Potion, and two High Rejuvenation Potions.

Without these stamina boosting, and vitality replenishing, potions the Half-Elf might have gone to the Temple of the Ten Thousand Gods, and entered the Cycle of Reincarnation with Issei's blessings.