Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 943 - A Path That Is Meant For Only Me And You

"What happened to you?" Belle asked the Half-Elf, who looked like a dried up husk where he lay on their bed.

"Belle, have you heard the saying, too much love can kill someone?" Belle replied. "I think I finally understand what that saying means."

An amused smile appeared on the face of the black-haired beauty as he sat on the bed beside William. However, that smile immediately disappeared after he saw several red marks on the Half-Elf's neck, which she was sure didn't belong to her.

"Will…"

"I'm sorry, but I was taken by surprise. I didn't expect Sidonie and Ashe to appear in the Thousand Beast Domain."

After barely surviving Princess Sidonie's, Morgana's, and Ashe's three pronged attack, William hastily teleported out of the Thousand Beast Domain and reappeared inside the bedroom in the hotel back on Earth.

He didn't even have time to use healing magic to remove the kiss marks that the three ladies had planted all over his body. This was their way of sending a message to Belle that the red-headed teenager was also their husband, and they were her equals in William's heart.

Belle could only sigh because she had felt the sincerity in William's voice. Clearly, her husband didn't have a choice in the matter, and simply performed his duty to the other girls who also loved him.

"I forgive you," Belle said as she caressed the side of William's pale face. "But, for the remainder of our time together, you are forbidden from doing this again, do you understand?"

"Yes," William replied. "Belle, can I ask for a favor? Can you feed me these six bottles?"

As soon as Half-Elf finished saying his words, six bottles with three different colors appeared on top of the bed.

The black-haired beauty didn't bother to ask what they were and simply supported Wiliam's head, so he could drink them all.

After finishing all six bottles, William's pale expression became ruddier. However, Belle still felt sorry for him, so she decided to let him rest for a night. Although it was regrettable, she couldn't possibly force her beloved, when he clearly no longer had any juice to give her.

As soon as William finished drinking all six bottles, he fell asleep, while being held in Belle's protective embrace.

According to her husband, he could only stay with her for two more days before he needed to once again return to Hestia. Truth be told, she wished that they could spend more time together, but she also understood that it was not possible at this time.

Because of this, she decided to believe that William would find a way to meet her. If not, she would find a way to meet him instead.DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

When the two of them parted in the countryside, the lady that had given them the rings met with Belle one last time and promised her one thing.

Although she was still half in doubt whether the promise that the mysterious lady made was possible, she still held onto the faint hope that it would someday become a reality.

"You know, when you told my father that I was pregnant, I was shocked," Belle said softly. "However, the shock didn't last long before it was replaced with happiness. I thought that as long as a part of you was with me, I will be able to carry on even if I have to wait many years before the two of us can be reunited."

The image of the young lady with long black hair, tied up in a ponytail by a butterfly hair pin appeared inside Belle's mind.

"I wish you could have seen her," Belle muttered before kissing William's forehead. "I hope that I will be able to hold her in my arms, a year or two from now."

The black-haired beauty smiled as she closed her eyes and rubbed Wiliam's chest.

"Please, do your best, Papa," Belle whispered before she closed her eyes to sleep.

That night, she dreamed a happy dream.

A dream where their family of three went stargazing together, under the gazes of countless stars in the sky.

—--

James hovered above the place where K-City once existed.

Right now, only a giant crater—that was slowly being filled up by seawater—remained of the once lively city. A city that was considered to be one of the best cities to live in Country-K.

The old scammer made a few hand seals before pointing it at the crater under him, and the sky above him. Suddenly a magic circle appeared under his feet and above his head. When the two magic circles overlapped with each other, a pretty lady holding a sword in her hand appeared before James.

"We meet again, All Father," the pretty lady said with a smile. "Or, should I call you Old Bandit James this time?"

James chuckled as he eyed the lady in front of him. This was the first time he was seeing her with this appearance, but that was to be expected of a being that had many faces.

"What name are you using right now?" James asked.

The pretty lady smiled. "This time around, I go by the name Cathy."

James nodded in understanding. "Cathy, I need your help. Is a connection between Earth and Hestia possible?"

Cathy covered her lips as she chuckled. "All Father, don't ask questions you already know the answer to."

"I know the answer," James sighed, "but I no longer have my Divinity. It is impossible for me to connect this realm to the Bifrost Bridge on my own."

The pretty girl giggled because it was very rare for the Mighty Odin to have a helpless expression on his face.

"Very well, I will help you this once," Cathy said with a mischievous smile on her face. "But, the only thing I can do is to help you create a relay point. At most, it will take some time for it to become fully functional and allow the Bifrost bridge to connect to this plane of existence."

"That's fine. I'm not in a hurry."

"Very well."

Cathy turned her attention to something in the distance as her vision zoomed in on the sleeping Half-Elf who was being held by the black-haired beauty whom he'd just married.

'This is the least I can do for you, Will,' Cathy thought. 'More than anything else, I wish for your happiness.'

The pretty lady then raised her sword and channeled her authority into it. A moment later, orbs of light came from the bodies of all the people in the world. No one could see this, for only powerful beings would be able to sense its presence.

They all flew towards the sword in Cathy's hands like golden comets that came from all over the world. Once all the energy was absorbed, the sword pulsed, telling Cathy that her authority over it was now active.

Cathy pointed the tip of the sword towards the North and chanted.

"To the North I ask for blessings, so that my voice will be heard."

A pillar of red light shot out towards the heavens, which signaled that the first phase of the ceremony was complete.

She then turned around and made the same gesture, this time, the sword tip pointing to the South.

"To the South, I ask for guidance, so that the legacy will be told."

A blue pillar of light rose towards the sky to answer Cathy's call.

Cathy faced the West and repeated the same gesture.

"To the West, I ask for leniency, may mercy fall upon me."

A green light shone brightly in the Western skies, which made the golden light coming from Cathy's sword grow brighter.

She turned around and faced East. Raising her sword one last time.

"To the East, I ask for a miracle, so my dreams will become reality."

This time, a purple light shot towards the heavens. When all the pillars of the world were ignited, each of them covered the planet with their radiant light, which was equivalent to a spell of the 11th Circle.

A spell that had the power to affect the entire world.

Placing her hand over her chest, right on top of her beating heart. Cathy activated the spell that would allow the Bifrost Bridge to connect to Earth from Hestia.

"A bridge that connects me to you," Cathy said as if making a pledge. "A path that is meant for only me and you."

—--

The Floor of Asgard in Hestia…

The Bifrost Bridge shot out toward the void, which alarmed the residents that were currently living in the floor who belonged to the Ainsworth Family.

Morgan looked at the rainbow bridge with his arms crossed over his chest. Although he didn't know what was happening, he was quite certain that the one behind it was none other than his father, James.

The Commander of the Red Plague wasn't sure how the bridge operated. The only thing he did know was that only members of the Ainsworth Family could activate it.

Since that was the case, he ordered everyone to remain calm and not approach the Bifrost Bridge for the time being.

This was the only thing he could do to prevent the others from doing anything reckless.

—--

Back on Earth…

A bridge that shone with the colors of the rainbow descended from the sky and landed on the ground overlooking the giant crater.

Although the connection had been properly established, it would still take a long time before those who held Odin's bloodline could travel between the two worlds, like they did thousands of years ago.