Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 944 - You Will See Your Mama Soon

"It's time to go," William said as he smiled at the two angelic little devils that were clinging onto Chiffon's arms.

"Will…" Chiffon had a reluctant look on her face as she looked up at William with an unwilling gaze.

William sighed internally, but he steeled himself and patted Chiffon's head. He can understand his wife's feelings, however he needed to be firm, so he could bring Maple and Cinnamon out of the Thousand Beast Domain and hand them over to his grandpa.

"Chiffon, you don't have to worry." William lightly patted her head. "There will come a time when you will be able to hug, kiss, and talk to them everyday. For now, they need to return, so that their Mama will not be too worried about them."

William then gazed at the two girls as he crouched down in front of them.

"Your mama is definitely worried about the two of you," William said in a gentle tone. "She must be feeling very sad right now because she can't hug, and talk to the two of you. Are you sure you want to leave her alone like that?"

Maple and Cinnamon suddenly became teary-eyed at the thought of seeing their Mama cry. They knew what their Mama was like and she would definitely be heartbroken if she didn't see them for a long time.

"Maple will go back," Maple replied. "I love mama!"

"C-Cinammon also loves Mama," Cinnamon stated. "I will go back as well!"

William smiled and patted the heads of the two little girls. He could feel his heart melting as he looked at the two angelic little devils that he would surely cherish in the not so distant future.

Maple and Cinnamon went into tiptoes and kissed Chiffon's left and right cheek at the same time. They then whispered something in Chiffon's ears, which made the latter's lips tremble as she hugged both of them tightly.

"Both of you be careful okay," Chiffon said. "Make sure to eat on time, and always listen to your Mama's words."

The two little girls nodded their heads obediently. In the end, Chiffon kissed them both on the cheeks before handing them over to William.

As soon as Wiliam held Maple's and Cinnamon's hands, Chiffon turned around. She was afraid that she wouldn't be able to stop the tears from falling down her face the moment the two adorable girls disappeared from her sight.

The pink-haired girl didn't want the two little girls to see her cry because she was sure that both of them would cry as well. Her time with Maple and Cinnamon were one of the happiest times of her life. These were precious memories that she would keep in her heart forever.

William understood what Chiffon wanted to do, so he decided to leave while she was still able to keep her composure, but, before doing so, he gave Princess Sidonie and Ashe a brief nod.

The two nodded back in order to assure him that they understood.

A few seconds later, William disappeared along with the two angelic devils who were already getting teary-eyed as they stared at Chiffon's small and lonely back. The moment they disappeared, the pink-haired girl collapsed on the ground and broke into tears.

Princess Sidonie and Ashe immediately rushed to her side and gave her a hug. Enveloping Chiffon in a supportive embrace.

Lilith, who was standing a few meters away, sighed in her heart. She understood the sadness of parting, because she had also experienced it when she and Raizel went their separate ways. Although she wanted to also give Chiffon some comforting words, she deemed that Princess Sidonie's and Ashe's support would be enough to calm the grieving girl's heart.

—--

"Wuwuwuwu. Maple is sad."

"Wuwuwuwu. Cinnamon is also sad."

The two little girls latched onto William's leg as he reappeared inside his room. Belle, who was seated on the couch, looked at the two adorable girls, who were bawling their hearts out, with a curious gaze.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Although she wasn't a hundred percent certain, she could guess that the two girls were William's children because their eyes were similar to his.

"It's okay," William coaxed to the two girls whose tears fell like rain. "You will see your Mama soon, so both of you don't have to be sad."

It took William a full five minutes to get the two little girls to calm down with promises of food. Belle found this scene to be funny because both girls only stopped after the Half-Elf promised them a feast fit for an emperor.

Although there was an all-you-can-eat buffet inside the hotel, William knew that the owner, as well as the staff, would puke blood if the two little gluttons ate there. In order to compromise, he would just ask the hotel to cook a lot of food and serve it to them at lunch time.

After the promise had been made, William was finally able to breathe in a sigh of relief, and introduced the two girls to Belle. The black-haired beauty wasn't able to resist Maple's and Cinnamon's cuteness, and chatted with them about random things.

Belle didn't ask them about their parents, but instead, asked them about the world they lived in. Maple was the one who liked to socialize with other people, while Cinnamon was more reserved. She just sat down and listened to her sister talk about their hometown, and gave comments from time to time.

Seeing that the three girls were getting along, William decided to look,for James and tell him that the two angelic little devils were finally in his custody.

He only had a day and a half remaining on Earth, and he wished to spend it with Belle. The Half-Elf was feeling sad about their inevitable parting, but he was also hopeful. Since he had already appeared on Earth twice, it meant that he would be able to return to it a third time as well.

What he didn't know was that James had already dealt with this problem. Although it would take a long time before the path between Hestia and Earth became stable, the foundations had already been built.

This was James' and, to a certain extent, Cathy's gift to William for doing his best to protect Earth, and the lady he loved, from the whims of the God of Chaos.