Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 945 - Love Will Find A Way [R-18]

(Disclaimer: Mild R-18 Scenes are in this chapter. If you're not comfortable with it, feel free to skip it.)

A sweet sigh escaped Belle's lips as her hands held onto the back of the sofa.

She was currently seated on William's lap as she enjoyed the euphoric sensation of his seed staining her insides with its warmth.

Belle knew that the two of them didn't have much time together, so she took the initiative to seduce him once dinner had ended. The red-headed teenager was more than happy to comply because he felt the same way.

Right now, the Half-Elf was busy sucking on Belle's left breast like a baby, waiting for his orgasm to subside. He loved the fact that the black-haired beauty took the initiative and the lead to make love to him.

Belle moved her hips according to her own rhythm, which made William feel really good. The Half-Elf, on the other hand, used his healing magic to ensure that Belle wouldn't dislocate her hips as she did her best to make both of them feel good.

"Here drink this," William said as she gave Belle a bottle of Super Stamina Potion to replenish her strength. The night was still young, so they had more than enough time for their attempt to have Belle conceive his child before he left her again for a time.

The Half-Elf didn't know if they would succeed, because right now, Belle was a normal human being. The red-headed teenager could be considered as a superhuman, so having her give birth to his child would not be an easy feat.

William's essence was so strong, that it would require an equally strong vessel to contain it. However, he wasn't too worried about it. The moment they had made love with each other, his essence had started to strengthen Belle's body, so even if she didn't get pregnant now, she would definitely get pregnant in the future.

As Belle drank the Super Stamina Potion, she could feel her strength returning to her body. In order to be safe, William also gave her a Super Rejuvenation Potion to replenish the other things that the Super Stamina Potion didn't cover.

After a short break, the two were at it again, with Belle moving her hips in any matter she pleased. The black-haired beauty had taken a liking to taking the lead in their lovemaking. Seeing William's flushed face, as she did her best to make him feel good, felt liberating.

She had seen how strong her husband was, but seeing his helpless expression as he reached his limit made her feel extremely good. It was as if she was conquering the Half-Elf, and his fate lay in her merciful hands.

'I might get addicted to this,' Belle thought as she momentarily stopped moving her hips to cup William's face and give him a passionate kiss.

A few minutes later, William's body shuddered as he once again reached his limit. Belle was not far behind, and together they reached the peak of pleasure together.

The numbing pleasure of his manhood pressing against her womb, and releasing his essence, made Belle feel intoxicated.

William and Belle panted for breath as they enjoyed the afterglow of this blissful feeling that made them want to stop time, so the two of them could stay in each other's arms for as long as possible.

—--

"Tomorrow at noon, you will be returning to Hestia," Belle stated as she rested her head on William's chest.

"Yes," William replied.

Both of them laid on the bed after taking a bath to clean off the remnants from their intense love making session. Although they were both tired, they didn't want to sleep because this was a very precious time for both of them.

"Will, please, don't forget about me," Belle said softly as she kissed the blue gem on his chest.

William didn't say anything. Instead, he held her more firmly as if not wanting to let her go. Belle knew that William couldn't make this promise, but she couldn't stop herself from saying these words to him.

When William fell from the red portal after fighting against the God of Chaos, Belle felt that her heart was being squeezed inside her chest. However, something more heartbreaking followed when she saw her beloved look at her as if he was looking at a stranger.

This was a memory that Belle wouldn't be able to forget anytime soon. The mere thought of William completely forgetting about her completely made her anxious. She wished with all of her heart that the next time they met again, the Half-Elf would still be able to recognize her.

Because if he didn't…

Belle forcefully tossed this line of thought to the back of her head. She didn't want to feel pessimistic, especially during this time when the two of them were together.

As if sensing her fears, William kissed her head and spoke the thoughts inside his mind.

"Belle, if and when that time comes, do not be afraid," William said. "Love will find a way."

"Un," Belle replied. "Our love will find a way."

As the black-haierd beauty nestled deeper into William's arms, a sudden question popped inside her head.

"Will, say, for example, that I do end up getting pregnant before you return to Hestia. What would you like to name our daughter if that happens?" Belle asked.

"Daughter?" William chuckled. "What if we had a son instead?"

Belle smiled as she lightly rubbed William's chest. Although she wasn't completely certain that Stella was her daughter, she believed that it was so. However, she also couldn't rule out the possibility that she also had a son with Will.

Since that was the case, she decided to cover all bases so she wouldn't have to worry about their names in the future.

"Then, think of a name for our son as well," Belle answered. "That way, regardless of whether I give birth to a boy or a girl, their names are already ready for them. So, Papa, make sure to think of good names for them."

William quieted down as he seriously pondered on what to name his son and daughter. Several minutes passed in silence, but Belle didn't say anything and simply waited for her beloved to come up with the names for their children.

After a few more minutes, William finally broke the silence as he gave two names for his son and daughter.

"If it is a boy, call him Alex," William stated. "If it is a girl, call her Stella."

Belle's heart skipped a beat after hearing Will mention the name of the girl that had saved her and given her the golden bracelet that she was currently wearing.

"Why Stella?" Belle asked with genuine curiosity. "Why did you pick that name for our daughter?"

William smiled as he waved his hand to the ceiling. Soon, the ceiling was replaced by a beautiful starry sky that made Belle gasp in surprise.

"The name Stella means star," William replied. "You see, there is a certain constellation that watches over me from the heavens. I wish to honor that constellation and give my daughter the name Stella."

"I see…," Belle muttered as she looked up at the beautiful starry sky that was impossible to see on Earth. Two moons hang on the heavens, surrounded by countless stars that shone brightly in the night sky.

"Stella is a good name. Very well, let's pick that name for our daughter."

"Good. I look forward to seeing her in the future."

—---

Somewhere in the city where William and Belle were currently staying, a beautiful young lady stared up at the cloudy sky that kept all of the stars out of sight.

"It's a pity that you can't see the stars here in the city," the young lady with long black hair, tied in a ponytail that was held in place by a butterfly hair pin, said softly.Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

She then summoned her bow and pulled the strings before aiming at the sky. A magical arrow appeared on the bow and it shone in a silvery light.

The moment the young lady released the string, the arrow shot towards the sky, creating a trail of light behind it.

The moment the arrow flew in the heavens, the clouds hovering above the city all parted to make way for their brilliance.

That night, a miracle happened. The stars that were impossible to see in one of the liveliest cities in the world, appeared in front of everyone.

Its surreal beauty made this night unforgettable for those that never had the opportunity to see what a starry sky looked like.

The young lady smiled as she stared at the constellation that watched over her father from the heavens.

"The darkest nights produce the brightest stars," the young lady muttered as she raised her hand towards the sky. "With that said, the sky is not the limit when you're reaching for the stars."