Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 947 - Who Are The Last Two People You Plan To Marry? [Part 2]

The whistling sound of an arrow hitting its target was easily heard by the Half-Elf who pondered whether to tell Belle about his supposedly ninth wife, Cathy.

He didn't even need to look at the archery target to know that Belle had struck another bullseye after firing her second arrow.

William then took an arrow from the quiver, and nocked it on his bow.

"Actually, I met a mysterious girl in the Deadlands," William said as he looked at Belle. "She told me that she's my ninth wife."

William shot the arrow without even looking at its target. Belle glanced in the direction of the arrow, and found it firmly planted on the bullseye of her husband's archery target.

The black-haired beauty shifted her attention to William and raised an eyebrow.

"She told you that she's your ninth wife?" Belle asked. "Isn't that a bit too convenient?"

William shrugged. "I only met her in the deadlands. I don't even know if I'll meet her ever again."

Belle frowned. The term Deadlands was a sensitive topic to her after what had happened in K-City. According to William, the city would wander across the void and become a place where those who refused to cross over would find themselves.

"What is she like?"

"Well, she's a happy-go-lucky girl. Her blood is also deliciou– I mean, it has a unique taste."

Belle picked up another arrow from the quiver and fired a third arrow, which also hit the bullseye.

"Okay, let's say that she is your ninth wife," Belle stated as she tucked a lock of hair behind her ear, as she eyed William with a smile. "Then who is the eighth one?"

The Half-Elf took an arrow out of the floating quiver beside him and aimed at his target. A few seconds later, an arrow once again hit the bullseye, giving him two points out of ten.

"You know, I don't really think about these things, Belle," William answered. "Although I have many wives, and I love all of them, I don't actively search for more."

"What are you? Some kind of harem protagonist?"

"Mayhaps. I didn't bother to check the tags on this novel."

The two stared at each other for a few seconds before breaking out in smiles. Belle then fired two consecutive arrows at her target in quick succession, making her points five out of ten.

"When that lady from the stall told me that you were bound to have nine wives, I didn't believe her at first," Belle said, "but after everything that has happened, I have no choice but to believe it."

William sighed internally as a name escaped his lips. "Freya…"

Back when he was in the countryside with Belle, he didn't think much of the name because it was not an uncommon name on Earth. However, now that everything had been said and done, he realized that the mysterious Stall Owner might have been the only God that had survived the destruction of Asgard.

'I never had an opportunity to interact with her back then, so I'm not really sure,' William thought. 'Still… this coincidence is too much to ignore.'

Silence descended between Belle and William as they focused on firing their arrows at the target. Surprisingly, when William was about to fire his tenth arrow, a scent in the air made his nose itchy.

At the exact moment that he was about to release the arrow, he sneezed and its trajectory shifted, so it struck the very edge of the archery target, which made his final score nine out of ten.

"Well then, since I won the bet, I want you to pass this message to Wendy," Belle said with a smile. "Tell her 'You might be the first wife, but I have his heart.' Make sure to pass this message to her, okay?"Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

William didn't know that his first wife, and his first love in his past life was having some kind of rivalry that was very similar to Princess Sidonie's and Lilith's.

After hearing the message that Belle wanted to pass to Wendy, the Half-Elf felt a headache because Belle's message was bound to trigger Wendy, which would lead to unexpected consequences.

However, Belle's gaze screamed 'You'd better tell her or else', so the Half-Elf could only reluctantly nod his head.

"Let's pinky promise," Belle proposed. "That way, you won't break it."

"Are you a child?" William chuckled. "I have a better idea."

"And that is?"

"This."

William raised Belle's chin with his finger and kissed her lips for a few seconds before pulling back.

"There," William stated. "A promise that is sealed with a kiss. Much better than a pinky promise, right?"

Belle rolled her eyes at the Half-Elf, but didn't refute his words. She also found her earlier suggestion a bit childish, so William's method was fine as well.

"Okay, shall we change places now?" William asked.

Belle frowned, "But, we just got here? Aren't you going to visit your old classroom to try and recall memories?"

William shook his head. "The only memories that matter here in the university are yours. As for the rest, they are not important."

The Half-Elf then returned the bows, arrows, and quivers to their respective location before lifting Belle into a princess carry. He had limited time on Earth, so he planned to visit the most important places before he returned to Hestia.

Five minutes later, the two landed in front of the gate of the Smiles Orphanage, which made the two guards look at William and Belle as if they were looking at two celebrities.

Both of their faces had been shown on television, posted in social media platforms, as well as uploaded in streaming websites.

In simpler terms, almost everyone in Country-K knew what they looked like, so the moment they appeared in the Smiles Orphanage, the staff, as well as the children, scrambled to get their autographs.

William smiled and allowed them to take pictures with him and Belle together, to serve as bragging rights for those who would visit the orphanage.

In fact, William even called a professional photographer, so he could take a group picture with all the children in the Orphanage with him and Belle at the center.

The photographer would then have his studio print it and put it into a big frame, which would be hung inside the Smiles Orphanage as a memento for the memories that he had lost.

Although William couldn't remember the faces of the children who were once his little brothers and sisters, he prayed that all of them would find good families who would adopt them and give them a second chance at life.

Beth was very happy and honored to see William and Belle visit their orphanage together. When she first saw the red-headed teenager, she felt that he wasn't someone ordinary. However, she didn't expect that the young man that had donated millions to their orphanage, was also the hero that had protected the denizens of K-City to the best of his abilities.

William and Belle stayed inside the orphanage for an hour. The Half-Elf wished that he could stay longer, but he was short on time.

After bidding farewell to everyone, Williams and Belle once again took off to the skies to go to their last destination.

A place where William realized that he had missed many beautiful opportunities.