Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 950 - It's Fine To Be Greedy, For I Am Greedy As Well

"How is he?" Lilith asked as she sipped the high-quality coffee that William had bought in bulk back on Earth.

"Still sleeping," Chiffon answered. "He must be very tired."

After arriving at the Port City of Alabaster, William, Chiffon, Lilith, Aldric, and the others were given the VIP Treatment in the inn that they were staying at.

Perhaps due to the festivities, or the fact that he felt sad after parting with Belle, the red-headed teenager drank a lot of wine until he fell asleep.

Chloee, who was seated on top of the table, just listened to the discussion while happily eating a Toblerome Chocolate Bar, which had become one of her favorites among William's stash of foods from Earth.

The Half-Elf had imported many things that were very popular on Earth like chocolates, coffees, tea leaves, junk foods, instant noodles, and many other items that were considered a rarity in Hestia.

Adele handled the transaction and found William's hoarding of food quite amusing. Even so, she understood that Hestia didn't have these things, so she added a few more items that she thought that William and his friends back in his world would like.

"The heart moves where the heart wills," Elliot said as he sipped a cup of warm chocolate. He currently held the form of a twelve-year old Wiliam as a way to get used to his grown up form.

"Indeed," Conan commented as he bit into a pretzel. "Although he didn't show it on the surface, he was very sad when they parted.

Elliot and Conan were each born with a quarter of William's soul. They were the Half-Elf's other halves, which made him complete. Whenever William used his Einherjar form, the two of them were not spared and the memories they held were also erased from their heads.

This was why they couldn't help William remember his past memories, and suffered the same fate as him.

"Is she that special to him?" Lilith asked. After becoming one of WIlliam's lovers, she had gotten to know the Half-Elf a little more and knew that he deeply cared about relationships.

After knowing Belle's existence, and the fact that the Half-Elf still loved her, the Amazon Princess couldn't help but get curious and envious of the girl that William still held dear in his heart.

Elliot and Conan glanced at each other before shifting their gaze to Lilith.

"It is best if you ask William about this," Elliot replied.

"That's right," Conan answered. "Although we can answer your question, this is something that you should hear from him, and not us."

William's familiars knew that what Lilith really wanted was the truth about Belle. Since that was the case, it was best for the red-headed teenager to handle this thing on his own.

Lilith sighed, but she no longer pestered the two familiars, who were serious in keeping their silence.

Chiffon also stayed silent. William had once asked her to remember who Belle was, just in case he forgot about her. Unlike her husband's other wives, Chiffon didn't think too much about these things.

The only thing that mattered was that William loved her, and that was enough to make her happy. Also, she was looking forward to holding her two adorable babies who had miraculously appeared in her life.

Her only regret was that her mother, April, wasn't able to see her daughters because she had passed away when Chiffon was still young.

A few hours later, the Half-Elf finally woke up and was suffering from a hangover from all the wine that he had drunk. The wines were something he had bought in the God Shop, so their effect was stronger than regular wine.

In order to ease the pain, the Half-Elf placed a pink lollipop inside his mouth, and his headache instantly disappeared.

"What time is it?" William asked as he entered the living room. He sat beside Chiffon on the couch, who happily snuggled up to his side.

"Just past noon," Lilith replied as she eyed the Half-Elf with concern. "Haleth came here an hour ago to check on your condition, but after telling her that you were still asleep she decided to come back later."

William nodded in understanding as he produced another lollipop and placed it inside Chiffon's mouth.

"Sorry," William apologized. "I got carried away last night and drank too much. By the way, where are the others?"

After arriving at the living room, he didn't see anyone else aside from Chiffon and Lilith, so he assumed that they went out to explore the city. His suspicions were confirmed when the Amazon Princess said that Haleth volunteered to take them on a sight-seeing trip, while they waited for Wiliam to wake up.

After trying to hold it in for a few minutes, Lilith finally reached her limit and stood up from her seat. She then walked towards William and sat on his right side, resting her head on his shoulders.

The Half-Elf smiled and intertwined his fingers with Lilith's, who was still discovering ways to act naturally in front of William's other wives.

For Lilith, it was easy to do as she pleased when only Chiffon was around. However, the difficulty of sharing an intimate moment with William increased when his other wives, Princess Sidonie and Ashe, were around.

"I'm still not used to this," Lilith said softly. "I should be fine with sharing you with others because this is also the culture of Amazons. However, there are times when I just want to monopolize you for myself. Am I selfish?"

Before William could answer Lilith's question, the pink-haired girl who was snuggling beside William raised her head and looked at her.

"I think feeling that way is normal," Chiffon replied. "Even I sometimes want to monopolize Will, especially when it's just the two of us. I want him to pamper me a lot, and make me feel that I'm the most special girl in the world. So, I think it's fine if you feel that way too. After all, it is very rare for us to spend time alone with him, especially since our sisters love him just as much as we do."

William smiled and lightly patted Chiffon's head, which made the latter close her eyes and rest her head on her husband's chest in contentment.

"Lilith, there will be times when I won't be always with you," William said as she looked at the Amazon Princess with a gentle gaze. "Even so, whenever we have the opportunity to spend some time together with only the two of us, I promise that I will do my best to make those brief moments memorable for the both of us."

Lilith lowered her head because William's gaze was melting her heart. As an Amazon Warrior, she prided herself for being strong, so this feeling of weakness made her helpless.

It was at this moment when the power of her Divinity flared up. Lilith's divinity was Greed. The sin, which every human possessed. The overwhelming desire to acquire something, whether it be an object, a place, or a person, fueled this Divinity.

Just as she was unsure on what to do, she felt Wiliam's fingertips raise her chin. The next thing she saw was William's eyes that were looking at her with affection.

"It's fine," William said as he lowered his head. "I belong to you, just as much as you belong to me. So, it's fine to be greedy, for I am greedy as well."

William pressed his lips over Lilith's and kissed her passionately. Chiffon just watched from the side because she understood that her sister needed William's help right now.

Just like Princess Sidonie and Lilith, Chiffon also suffered from outbreaks of her Divinity. Whenever this happened, William would be by her side, while he happily fed her delicious food that he had acquired from who knows where.

As Lilith allowed her Divinity to rise to the surface, her wish to acquire William grew more and more. In a sense, the Amazon Princess' Greed was similar to Princess Sidonie's Lust. Both of them wanted William, so the way to deal with it was the same.

Chiffon stepped out of the room to temporarily guard the door, just in case the others came back. Right now, Lilith needed William, so the pink-haired girl decided to give them some privacy, and let the Amazon Princess' burning desire be extinguished by the Half-Elf's love, which would not lose to the Sin she carried. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m