Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 952 - It's That Dream Again

A gust of wind blew from high above the altar of the Vanir, located in the world of Vanaheim.

A silver-haired teenager was tied up in chains, and guarded by two champions that prevented him from breaking free from his bindings.

In front of him was an angelic beauty, with long purple hair and eyes that looked at him with a very sad expression on her face.

"Aila, you don't have to listen to them," the silver-haired teenager said with labored breaths as he looked at the maiden who had sacrificed many things for his sake.

She had saved him when he fell from a cliff during a great battle against the Fomorians. They were a race of monstrous beings whose ultimate goal was to lay waste to every land they set their sights on.

"Aila, it is better to put an end to his suffering," a seductive beauty with long blonde hair, and purple eyes said with a smile. "Your relationship with him will never be recognized by anyone. If you resist, the elders will just continue to torture him until you agree to end this farce."

Aila lowered her head as a single tear streamed down the side of her face. She knew that her friend, Hnoss, was right. If she continued to be stubborn, the only one who would suffer would be the silver-haired teenager whose entire body was now covered with wounds.

"Will, I'm sorry," Aila said as she pressed her hand over her lover's forehead. "Even if you forget about me, I promise that I won't forget about you. Not now, not until the end of time."

Her hand glowed with power as she activated her unique ability that could erase people's memories.

"Aila, please don't do thi-" the silver-haired teenager tried to resist, but he still lost consciousness after Aila used her ability on him.

William collapsed on the floor, as the purple-haired beauty covered her face with both of her hands and sobbed because she knew that she had lost someone very important to her today.

"It's not that hard, right?" Hnoss wrapped her arms around Aila's body and whispered in her ears. "Because of what you did, he doesn't have to suffer anymore. You made the right choice."

It was at this moment when the neighing of a horse was heard from the heavens.

Clad in lightweight armor, and carrying the flag of Asgard, a valkyrie landed on the altar. She glared hatefully at the Vanir who had tortured her Beloved, after what he had done for them.

Using her supernatural strength, Wendy broke the chains that bound William. She then supported his body until he was firmly mounted on her winged horse before mounting it herself.

Wendy's left arm supported William's waist and held him in place, while the Half-Elf's head rested on her chest.

She had traveled a great distance in order to arrive at Vanaheim to rescue her beloved from the stuck-up Vanirs who thought highly of themselves.

"Wendy, I'm sorry," Aila said as she looked at the Valkyrie Captain who was supporting William's body.

"You don't have to apologize." Wendy sneered. "From now on, never show yourself in front of him again. He doesn't need you in his life."

After having the final say Wendy lightly kicked the side of her winged-horse. The steed that carried the Valkyrie to battle, raised its wings and flew towards the sky.

Aila watched them go as the tears in her eyes blurred her vision. As someone who had lived for hundreds of years, this was the first time she felt as if a hole had opened up inside her heart.

And she knew, for certainty, that she would never-ever love again in her lifetime.

—---

Hestia Academy…Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

"It's that dream again," Aila muttered as she wiped away the tears that had fallen while she was sleeping.

This was a recurring dream that she had been having, ever since William had left Hestia Academy to go to the Forbidden Grounds. The angelic beauty didn't understand why she was having this dream, over and over again.

The only thing she did know was that each time it happened, she felt like her heart was breaking.

A part of her wanted to ask Conan, and Elliot why this was happening, but a part of her opposed this notion. She was afraid that if she told William's two familiars about her dreams, the two of them would think that she was just making things up.

Aila sighed as she lightly patted her chest. Although the ache in her heart would fade away in time, it was still a very uncomfortable feeling.

Standing up from the bed, she opened the curtains and looked outside of the window. It was still dark, and sunrise was still a few hours away, but she no longer felt like sleeping.

Just as she was thinking on what to do next, she saw a flash of light in the distance. A second later, a streak of lightning descended on the open space, just outside of the Girl's Dormitory.

The angelic beauty subconsciously took a deep breath when she saw a red-headed teenager appear in the place where the lightning bolt descended. Tendrils of lightning snaked around his body, and his eyes glowed with power.

As if sensing that someone was looking in his direction, William raised his head and discovered Princess Aila looking at him from the window of her room.

The Half-Elf then smiled and raised his hand to wave at her in greeting. The angelic beauty waved back before her mind could register what she had just witnessed.

After greeting the Princess whom he thought he had woken up, William walked away and headed towards Celeste's personal quarters, which had been built beside the Girl's Dormitory.

He had some very pressing questions to ask his Master's twin sister, and had no time to chat with the purple-haired beauty, who was looking at him, while pressing her hand against her chest in an attempt to calm her wildly beating heart.