Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 954 - Gaze At The Sunrise Together Once Again

After leaving Celeste's room, William went to the Academy's Garden to think.

The sun was about to rise, and the garden was one of the few places in Hestia Academy where you could see it rise from the East.

Standing beside him was Chiffon, Princess Sidonie, Ashe, and Lilith. Each of them were beautiful in their own right, and anyone that saw them standing beside William would definitely curse the Half-Elf and his seven generations for having such beauties by his side.

"Will, as much as I would like to go with you to the Demonic Continent, I can't," Lilith said as she glanced to her right side. "I need to go back to the Amazon Empire and talk to my mother about our relationship."

The Amazon Princess then walked towards the Half-Elf and wrapped her arms around his waist. She then kissed his lips for a few seconds before pulling back.

"Please be careful," Lilith gazed at William with a loving gaze.

After spending time with William in the Deadlands, the Amazon Princess no longer wished to share the red-headed teenager with her sisters back in the Amazon Empire.

Truth be told, Empress Andraste wanted her other daughters, aside from Lilith, to procreate with William also. If Lilith wasn't able to seduce the Half-Elf then Empress Andraste would resort to other means to drag the red-headed teenager to her Empire whether he liked it or not.

The Amazon Princess understood how her mother thinks because she had done this multiple times in the past. All the promising prodigies all over the Central Continent would find themselves kidnapped by an elite group, whose sole purpose was to take them back to the Ares Empire.

Of course, Empress Andraste wouldn't keep these prodigies in her territory for long. After she made sure that her warriors were pregnant, she would send these prodigies back to their homes loaded with treasures, and other precious artifacts for their troubles.

Because of this, the rulers of the various Kingdoms and Empires turned a blind eye to the Amazons' way of doing things. For them, as long as their geniuses were returned safely, a short vacation to the lands of the Amazons was considered as a good thing. This also allowed them to gain favors from Empress Andraste, which she would honor as a way to keep everyone happy.

This was one of the reasons why Lilith wanted to return home. She was afraid that, because she had been gone for a long time, her mother might have decided that she had failed, and would soon send an elite unit to hunt William down.

Truth be told, she wasn't worried about her Beloved. What she was worried about was that the Amazon Warriors who would be sent to abduct him would suffer a tragic end!

William kissed Lilith's forehead before nodding his head. He knew that Lilith had responsibilities as the Princess of the Amazons, so he wouldn't force her to accompany him. Also, he didn't know how dangerous this journey to the Demonic Continent would be. For him, it was best for Lilith to not involve herself in this dangerous mission.

"Tell your mother that when everything is over, I will have a private talk with her," William stated as he looked at Lilith with a serious expression. "Please remind her not to do anything underhanded. I don't want to hurt your people. Also, feel free to visit the Thousand Beast Domain anytime."

Lilith lightly touched her earring before nodding her head. "I know. I will visit the Thousand Beast Domain, so that you won't miss me too much."

"Good." William smiled. "I'll be waiting for you."

Lilith was about to say more, but she was interrupted when Princess Sidonie cleared her throat. The succubus Princess pried Lilith's hands off William and pulled him away.

"Will, do you want me to accompany you?" Princess Sidonie asked. "Although I haven't been to the Demonic Continent, I've read many things about it. Perhaps my knowledge could be put to good use if I go with you.

William firmly shook his head after hearing Princess Sidonie's proposal.

"Just stay here in the academy, Sidonie," William replied. "You're too beautiful and that will surely attract a lot of attention. If you go with me, wouldn't that make me the enemy of all the demons that we meet along the way?

"Did you also forget what happened in the Southern Continent? They tried to abduct as many teenagers as possible to be used as broodmares to increase their numbers. I'm sure that they would try to kidnap you the first opportunity they got."

William still hadn't forgotten what had happened many years ago when the Demons attacked the Hellan Royal Academy. If not for the fact that his Gramps, and the other veterans of Lont, had intervened, the Demons might have succeeded in their nefarious plans.

Fortunately they didn't and because of that, they were forced to acquire the broodmares they needed through the slave traders and the black market.

"Being beautiful is a sin," Princess Sidonie flipped her hair in order to imitate William when he was being narcissistic. "It's not my fault I was born beautiful."

The corner of William's lips twitched after the succubus Princess imitated one of his trademark lines. Even so, he forgave her because Princess Sidonie didn't lie. She was really beautiful to the point that any man or woman would be captivated by her, if she wished for it.

"I'll stay with Sidonie," Ashe commented from the side. "I know that you'll be worried if I leave her to her own devices. Also, someone needs to look after her when her Sin suddenly flares up."

"Thank you, Ashe," William smiled. "You really understand me."

"Of course I do. You and I share the same heart."

"Mmm."Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Princess Sidonie, Ashe, and Lilith then turned to look at the pink-haired girl who was staring at the mountains in the East. Right now, the only one that could accompany William to the Demonic Lands was none other than Chiffon, so the three ladies wanted to entrust the Half-Elf to her.

Sensing her "sister's" stares, Chiffon turned around and nodded her head in understanding.

"Leave him to me," Chiffon declared. "I will not let him cheat on us during this trip."

The three girls nodded their heads in satisfaction, while the Half-Elf scratched his head in helplessness. He wanted to protest that he wasn't a womanizer, but after realizing that he already had five wives, and several fiances, the red-headed teenager was forced to swallow his words, and kept it to himself.

It was at that moment when the sun rose from the East, and bathed the world with its first rays of light.

Ashe, Princess Sidonie, Chiffon, and Lilith all moved to hold onto William as they stared at the beautiful scene in front of them. This was the last time that the five of them would look at the sunrise together before the red-headed teenager left for the Demonic Continent.

Although none of them voiced it out loud, they hoped with every fiber of their being that they may be reunited with their beloved in this place, and gaze at the sunrise together once again.