Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 955 - Reunion At The Gates Of Hestia AcademyUpstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

After watching the sunrise with his wives and fiance, William went to find Zhu and Sha because he thought that bringing them along was a good idea.

Both of them were Demons, so if he needed some backup in the Demonic Continent, the two of them would be perfect for the job and wouldn't arouse any suspicions from the locals.

Soon, the time of parting came and Ashe, Princess Sidonie, Lilith, and Celeste stood at the gates of the academy to bid him goodbye. However, for some reason, Princess Aila, Princess Eowyn, Kenneth, and Pearl were also there.

The three other ladies, and gentleman, didn't know where William was planning to go because it was confidential. They just noticed that the Half-Elf's group was headed towards the gate, so they followed behind them.

Naturally, William's group stayed mum about the mission and simply bid their goodbyes to the red-headed teenager. Princess Aila, on the other hand, had a complicated look on her face as she looked at William. She had wanted to ask him a question, but the latter was leaving before she could have a proper talk with him.

In the end, she decided not to say anything and just wait for him to return. She believed that talking about her dreams right now would just make things complicated, and she didn't want the other party to think that she was making a big thing out of nothing.

Elliot and Conan wouldn't be accompanying William this time around, they would stay in the academy and keep him informed about the events that were happening.

"Take care, Will," Elliott said. "If you need our help again, don't hesitate to call us."

"Kekeke, no matter where you are, no matter where you go, our bonds will connect us together," Conan declared as he crossed his arms over his chest. "Even if you are going to fight against the Demon Lord, we will stand with you without fail. So, don't hesitate to summon us anytime."

William grinned as he shared a fist bump with his two familiars. He had experienced what it was like to be a true Familiamancer when Elliot and Conan merged with him. Without the two of them, fighting against the Gigantic Pseudo-God Apophis might have been more difficult if the red-headed teenager had fought him alone.

As William was about to leave, Kenneth walked towards him with a determined expression on his face.

"I'm going with you," Kenneth said.

"Hah?" William eyed the delicate-looking Elf with a surprised expression on his face.

Kenneth moved closer and handed William a piece of paper. The Half-Elf was curious about what his ex-roommate planned to do, so he took the paper and read its contents.

"I know that you are headed to the Demonic Continent to look for your Master, Celine. The Saintess wanted me to accompany you on your journey, and ensure that you are safe. Please, bring me along. I promise I won't get in your way."

William glanced at Kenneth then back at the paper in his hands. After pondering things for a bit, he then nodded his head. Elves were quite common in the Demonic Continent because most of them were captured slaves.

Having Kenneth around might help with his disguise, so having him around would also be a good thing. Also, Kenneth's ability was quite useful. Although he still hadn't experienced it, Princess Sidonie and Ashe acknowledged that it was a very troublesome ability that could turn the tides of battles if used properly.

"You can come with me, but on one condition," William said as he took out an item from his storage ring that he had secretly bought from the God Shop a few seconds ago. "You are going to wear this collar."

Princess Eowyn's and Pearl's bodies stiffened when they saw the silver collar in William's hand. On their way to the gate, Kenneth had told them that he would accompany the Half-Elf on his journey because it was a mission given to him by the Saintess.

As the Princess of the Elven Race, Princess Eowyn had no right to prevent Kenneth from doing his mission, especially a mission that came from the Saintess, whose rank was second only to the King of the Elves.

Pearl was also tempted to go, but Kenneth dissuaded her. Princess Eowyn couldn't be left alone without a guard to protect her, so Charmaine's older sister got the short end of the stick and could only do what she was told.

Contrary to what everyone expected, Kenneth only nodded his head, and didn't reject William's condition.

"Okay," Kenneth replied without batting an eye. "Put it on my neck."

"Are you sure about this?"

"I trust you."

William smiled because he didn't expect Kenneth to have complete faith in him. The collar in his hands was indeed a slave collar, but its effect was similar to the Collar of Wisteria. Anyone who wore it for a period of time would gain immunity from enslavement spells, and would no longer be able to be enslaved in the future.

After securely placing the collar on Kenneth's neck, William smudged a drop of his blood on its surface. The collar glowed faintly as it registered the Half-Elf as Kenneth's new master, which made the Elven Princess look at him with a serious expression on her face.

For Elves, being enslaved was a very tragic thing. No sane Elf would allow anyone to enslave them, so she wondered why Kenneth agreed to such a thing. Even though she knew that the son of the Saintess wasn't a bad person, it still left a bad aftertaste in her mouth.

"Good." William nodded. "Now you can accompany me. Let's go."

William then glanced at his wives and lovers one last time before waving his hand. Just as he was about to leave, he saw some movement at the corner of his eye, which made him pause.

A flying ship that was used to ferry people from the city to the academy appeared in his vision. This was a very common occurrence in Hestia Academy because most of the students used this mode of transportation to leave and return to the academy.

For some reason, William felt that this was no ordinary ship, so the Half-Elf narrowed his eyes to take a better look at it.

Standing on the ship's deck, an otherworldly beauty with long, light-blue hair stood with a smile on her face. Beside her, several Angorian Goats gathered and were looking at the gates of the academy with excited expressions on their faces.

They had already sensed that the red-headed teenager was close by, so they all gathered beside the beautiful lady with two horns protruding on her head because she was the leader of their herd.

William stood rooted in shock when his gaze landed on the beautiful lady who was looking back at him with a smile. He had already seen her once, and that encounter was something that he couldn't possibly forget in a short period of time.

"... Amalthea?" William muttered as the ship drew near. He didn't know if he was dreaming or not, because the lady in front of him was someone who had already turned into a constellation.

The change in the Half-Elf's expression was noticed by everyone, so they also looked in the direction he was looking in.

When Ashe saw the familiar looking lady on the ship's deck, her eyes widened in surprise because she never expected that William's foster mother would come to Hestia Academy to look for him.