Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 956 - Perhaps You Wanted To Drink Some Milk First?

William looked at Amalthea with a dumbfounded expression on his face because he didn't expect to see her in this place and time.

There was never an instance where he dreamed that he would meet that beautiful lady again, but lo and behold, she was now standing right in front of him, with a gentle smile on her face that made William's heart skip a beat.

'Optimus, I'm not dreaming, right?' William asked the System just to make sure that he was not seeing things.

< You're not dreaming. >

'Then, is she who I think she is?' William inquired. His gaze then landed on the goats that were standing beside her and a confused look appeared on his face. 'Also, are those my goats? Why are they with her? Where is Ella?'

< It would be best if you ask that lady your questions. I'm sure that she will definitely give you the answer you are looking for. >

Optimus didn't want to confirm or deny any of William's suspicions. The System had been in the know that Ella was special, but it didn't know her exact origin. Only when William had met Dias, in that alternate world did Optimus realize who the red-headed teenager's foster mother really was.

Ashe glanced at Ella then back at William with a complicated look on her face. Seeing William's confusion, she was confident that he was also not aware about her true appearance. This made her believe that Ella had finally chosen this time to show William who she really was because he had already reached an age where he would be able to cope with this shocking revelation.

Princess Sidonie, Chiffon, and Lilith, who still hadn't met Ella in the past, frowned. The way the Half-Elf was looking at the light-blue haired lady, whose beauty slightly surpassed that of Princess Sidonie, raised alarm bells in their heads.

As soon as the flying ship docked at the port, the blue-haired lady stepped out on the makeshift bridge with steady steps, but deep inside, she wanted to run towards William and give him a tight hug.

Naturally, the Angorian Goats followed behind her which caused a scene in the entrance of the academy.

The boys who saw Ella were mesmerized by her beauty, which made them forget the fact that several fluffy, white, goats were following behind her, like little ducklings following their mother.

The girls on the other hand, ignored Ella and focused their attention on the goats, which gave them the strong urge to hug and cuddle them.

Ella stopped a few meters away from William, and gazed at him with tenderness. It had been a while since she had last seen him, and the adorable little baby she had raised with love and care was now a handsome teenager who had made many achievements that took the world by storm.

"It's been a long time, Will," Ella said with a smile. "Won't you give me a hug?"

William didn't respond right away. Instead, he looked at the light-blue haired lady in front of him with a serious expression on his face.

"You are… Amalthea, right?" William inquired.

"Yes," Ella replied.

An amused expression appeared on her face. Originally, she planned to reveal her identity to William right off the bat, but seeing the look on his face gave her the strong urge to tease him for a bit.

"Didn't you turn into a constellation?" William asked again. "Also, what are you doing here? Why are you with my goats? Where is Ella?"

The Half-Elf had long scanned the group of goats and didn't see his foster mother among them. This made him a bit anxious, but watching the reactions of Chronos and the others, it made William feel that something wasn't right.

"The answer to your first question is yes. I did turn into a constellation," Ella replied with a mischievous smile that made everyone who saw it feel their hearts skip a beat. "As to why I am here, I came here to meet you. Chronos, and the others traveled with me from the Southern Continent because they missed you as well. As to where Ella is…"

Ella paused as she gave William a pouting look that made his heart tremble.

"Don't you recognize me, Will?" Ella asked.Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

It was only a simple question, and yet the aftershock it caused was profound.

Princess Sidonie was a smart person, and even though the beautiful lady in front of her didn't say anything explicit, it was very easy for her to connect the dots. As someone who had interacted with William in the Southern Continent after the war, she had seen him tending to the goats from time to time.

When Ella glanced in her direction, the Succubus Princess' mouth opened wide in disbelief. The lady's action confirmed her suspicion and it made him question whether or not she was going crazy.

William's reaction was more profound than Princess Sidonie's. As someone who had spent a lot of time with his foster mother, he already understood many things about her. Although he didn't notice it right away due to the lady's overwhelming presence, it was only a matter of time before he realized who she really was.

"M-Mama?" William asked. Although he was still half in doubt, his gut instinct was telling him that he was right.

Ella didn't answer right away. Instead, she remained silent as if digesting the endearment that William had used to call her when he was still young. It had been several years since the Half-Elf had called her in this manner, and she was half tempted to spoil him, like she did back then.

"Yes," Ella replied. "However, you're already old. You no longer need to call me in that manner. Just call me Ella from now on."

William's pupils shrank after hearing the confirmation of the lady that was in front of him. His mind froze for several moments as he tried to digest the big revelation that shook his entire being.

'Optimus, am I dreaming?'

< No. That is really Ella. The goat that fed you milk and raised you until your early teenage years. >

William was still in a state of shock that he didn't notice that Ella had already walked up to him. Only when the beautiful lady had hugged him did he finally understand that everything he had seen and heard was real.

"What's wrong?" Ella whispered in William's ears. "Are you so happy to see me that you forgot how to speak, or perhaps you want to drink some milk first? If it's the latter then I'm afraid that we'll have to postpone that until it's just the two of us. I don't want to be attacked by these beautiful ladies, who have already made their vows to follow you for life."

Her tone was laced with mischief as she eyed William's lovers who were looking at her as if they had seen their ultimate love rival.

They didn't know if she was joking or not. However, one thing was clear. There was no way that they would just sit by and watch as the otherworldly beauty… give their husband a taste of her precious milk.