Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 960 - The Grudge Of The Demon Lord

Seated in the throne room of the palace, the Demon Lord, as well as Chiffon's father, Luciel, eyed his eldest son, Felix, with a serious expression on his face.

"Is it true that the ancient ruins have been found?" Luciel asked.

"Yes, Your Majesty," Felix answered. "I swear upon my life that what I said is true."Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Luciel snorted as he slammed his fist on the armrest of his throne. "Your life is worthless, what I need are results. Tell me, how far have your subordinates explored the ruins?"

Felix gritted his teeth as he answered his father's questions. "Not far. The entrance has a very powerful array that only allows those who wield Dark Magic to enter."

"Then send all the demons who can wield dark magic to investigate," Luciel stated.

"We already did, Your Majesty," Felix replied. "However, none of them have come out yet. We are still waiting for the results of their investigation."

Luciel raised an eyebrow as he listened to his son's report. "None of them have come out? How long have they been inside the ruins?"

"Two weeks. We haven't heard from them since."

"Two weeks?"

The Demon Lord rubbed his chin as he pondered on what this meant for the Demon Kingdom. There were only two possibilities that he could think of.

The first one was that the Demons who entered the ruins had all died. The second one was that they had found something incredible inside and were unable to come out due to certain circumstances.

For Luciel, the second option was the best option because not only did it bode well for his kingdom, it also meant that they were one step closer to having their revenge.

"How is the search for the candidates in our domain going?" Luciel asked. "How many have you gathered?"

"All thirty three candidates have been gathered and are currently waiting outside of the Ancient Ruins," Felix answered. "As soon as our explorers have returned, we will continue with phase two of our plans."

"Very good, at least you can do something decent if you try hard enough."

"Thank you, Your Majesty."

Luciel made a gesture for Felix to leave, and the latter was more than happy to leave the throne room as fast as he could. When the Prince of the Demon kingdom passed through the doors, one of the ministers that had stayed silent voiced their opinion.

"Your Majesty, after we discovered the Ancient Ruins, the level of magic power in our Domain has increased by two hundred percent. This is the perfect opportunity to cultivate the young talents that will play a major role in our glorious conquest of the Central Continent."

Another minister stepped forward and bowed in front of Luciel before voicing his opinion as well.

"Your Majesty, the Humans, Elves, and the other races have noticed the movements of our armies," the minister said. "I think mobilizing our forces to increase the defenses of our strongholds in the south of our Domain was a premature move on our part.

"Not only did it alert the forces in the Central Continent, they also doubled the number of soldiers manning their fortresses, which are on the borders of our kingdom."

Luciel scoffed at the minister, which made the latter subconsciously take a step back.

"You call my decision premature?" Luciel asked in a tone that reeked of killing intent. "You dare question my order?"

"N-No, Your Majesty! I only think that we should hav—ahhh!"

The minister wasn't able to finish his words because a bastard sword had embedded itself in his chest. Right behind him, a demon with red-skin snarled as it pushed the minister's body away, making him fall face first on the floor.

"Our Lord never makes a mistake," the demon with red skin stated. "You're just too pathetic to understand the reasoning behind it. This Kingdom doesn't need pathetic people like you."

The Minister coughed out a mouthful of blood before he drew his last breath. In his dying moments, he deeply regretted voicing his thoughts for everyone to hear.

"The reason why I increased the forces on our borders was to put the Humans on alert in order to prevent them from spying on what we are currently doing," Luciel explained to everyone in the throne room.

Although he didn't like doing this, the different heads of each Demonic Clan were present, and he needed to make sure that all of them were with him in this grand undertaking that would make, not only the Elves, but all the races in the world to tremble in fear when their forces crossed their borders and invaded the rich and fertile lands of the Central Continent.

"Your Majesty is wise," the red-skinned demon praised Luciel with a tone of reverence. "As long as they think that we are going to invade them, they will use all of their manpower to monitor the forces on our border. They won't have enough men to send to try to find out what we are really doing behind the scenes. This is truly a brilliant masterplan to use their overly suspicious nature to our advantage."

Luciel nodded. Although he didn't like excessive bootlicking, this was part of the politics in the Demonic Continent. Only those with power had the final say in everything.

After losing his arm in the Silvermoon Continent fighting against William's father, Maxwell, the Demon Lord had almost lost his seat of power due to uprisings in the Demon Lands after his failure to conquer the Silvermoon Continent.

Many thought of this as a weakness and tried to usurp him, but all of them failed in the end. Even without his left arm, Luciel's position as Demon Lord wasn't just for show. He also had the skills to back it up, which made all of his adversaries lose their lives under his blade.

Since then, those who dared to challenge his position had been biding their time in the shadows. They were just waiting for Luciel to make another mistake, before all of them swooped in for the kill.

Right now, What Luciel needed was an overwhelming victory in order to solidify his position as the Lord of all Demons. If he can show the Demonic Clans that he was still capable of leading them then his position would remain unchallenged.

The good news was that the Prophecy of the Elves had said that the Prince would be born in the Demonic Continent. This meant that he would have the upper hand once this prophecy came to pass.

Luciel intended to use the Prince Candidate to do his bidding and to conquer the Silvermoon Continent in his name. Once he had fulfilled his revenge, he would then set his eyes on the Human lands, which were ripe for the picking.

"It's quite unfortunate that you're no longer alive, Maxwell." Luciel sneered. "I have long dreamed of paying you back for what you did to me."

For Luciel, getting his arms cut off by Maxwell was the greatest humiliation of his life. If an opportunity presented itself, he would definitely pay the dungeon conqueror tenfold for making his life a living hell ever since that fateful day, more than nineteen years ago.