Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 962 - Buy One Take Three For Free

William stared at the Black Sea in front of him as he rubbed his chin in contemplation.

This was the edge of the Central Continent, and beyond it was the Black Sea that led to the Demonic Continent. If he were to travel it using normal means, the journey would be perilous, and filled with uncertainty.

However, Optimus had told him that there was one interesting island in between the Central Continent and the Demonic Continent, where a dungeon was located. This was the only dungeon that could be found in the Black Sea, so it had sparked William's curiosity.Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

This Island went by the name Serifos. It was an uninhabited island in the middle of nowhere that housed a dungeon called the Dungeon of Gorgons.

There was a time when the Demons tried to build a settlement on the island, but after a year, they were forced to leave due to the unpredictable weather, in addition to the Dungeon Outbreaks that happened once a year.

It was simply a difficult place to relocate to and when the casualties continued to pile up, they no longer wanted to do anything with the island.

The Dungeon of Gorgons had ninety floors. It was ranked as a Class S Dungeon by the System. Optimus thought that it would be very useful to William once he had unlocked his Dungeon Conqueror Job Class' full potential.

The Half-Elf was also very interested in the island, so even though it set them on a long detour in terms of reaching their destination, he still decided to give it a visit.

The Demons no longer traveled to the Black Sea in order to reach the Central Continent. They had built many teleportation gates that they had kept hidden in places where Humans, and the other races, didn't dare to go.

If William wanted to reach the Demonic Continent right away, he would have used these hidden gates as a means to travel, but the allure of establishing a teleportation point on the island using the Ring of Conquest held a temptation that the red-headed teenager couldn't pass up.

"In any case, Soleil is already in the location where one of the teleportation gates is located," William said as if to assure himself. "A little side trip will not hurt too much."

The Half-Elf summoned Raiden and jumped on its back. They flew over the Black Sea as dark clouds hung above their heads.

Flashes of lightning, and the rumble of thunder greeted their arrival as if welcoming their Lord, who had graced their subjects with his presence. As someone who possessed the Thunder Emperor Job Class, William and the Black Qilin, Raiden, were the least scared of the thunder and lightning.

Three days passed before William arrived at the Island of Sefiros.

But, unlike what Optimus had said, the island was not uninhabited. There were literally hundreds of monsters living on the island, and all of them looked like walking abominations. Some looked like a giant sea slug, while others looked like demihumans with grotesque features.

However, no matter what they looked like, they all had one thing in common and that was their snake-like hair that slithered, and hissed at William who was looking down on them from the sky.

< These monsters are capable of spraying deadly venom at their enemies. Although I'm sure that they wouldn't do much damage to you, it would be best to summon only members of your Herd and King's Legion who are Millennial Rank and above. >

William nodded his head in understanding. Truth be told, he didn't have any intention of fighting the monsters in the dungeon. His goal here was to set up a waypoint, so that the dungeon would be connected to the Ring of Conquest.

However, if he wanted to do that, he must clear half of the floors of the dungeon first. This was a condition that had been set by the Dungeon Conqueror Job Class.

As William was about to psyche himself up to enter the dungeon, one of the monsters on the island flew up towards him.

The Half-Elf was about to attack, but stopped midway when he noticed that the monster flying towards him bore no killing intent. In fact, the monster even made a gesture of pressing her open palms over her chest, which some people in the Central Continent use to express that they meant no harm.

The flying monster stopped several meters away from William and spoke in the language of the Gorgons which were composed of hissing sounds that would not make sense to ordinary people.

However, William had Optimus who could translate almost any language in the world, so understanding what the Gorgon was trying to say was not a problem for him. The Half-Elf had to admit that he was quite curious about what the flying monster wanted to say to him.

"I welcome you, Dungeon Conqueror." The flying monster bowed its head in greeting. "We have been waiting for many years for your arrival. Please, proceed to the lowest floors of the Dungeon. Not one of our brethren will block your path."

William blinked once then twice before the flying monster's words registered inside his head. This was the first time he had experienced something like this, and he didn't know how to react to the sudden pie that fell from the sky.

'Optimus, did we just get a free Class S Dungeon?'

< It seems like it. >

The Half-Elf was still half in doubt about what the flying monster was saying. However, after entering the Dungeon, the red-headed teenager found himself not in the first floor, but in the Final Boss Room where three beautiful women smiled at him as if they had found something very tasty to eat.

William gulped as he looked at the three beauties in front of him. Right now, there was only one thought in his mind and that was…

'I guess this is what you call "Buy one take three for free",' William thought as he smiled back at the three beauties in front of him, whose charming eyes almost turned him to stone.