Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 963 - Either We All Go, Or We Don't Go At All

"So, what are your favorite foods?" William asked the three Gorgons who were

"Humans."

"Demons."

"Half-Elves."

"Okay. From this day onwards, Half-Elves are no longer part of the menu," William replied as the corner of his lips twitched. The youngest of the Gorgon Sisters, Medusa, who reminded him of the purple-haired young lady in Faith Gran Order, smiled sweetly at him.

The three Gorgon sisters chatted with William as if they had been his long time friends, who just happened to reunite with him after many years.

The red-headed teenager found the three ladies quite lovely, and easy to talk to. The Gorgons told him about the time when the Humans, and Demons, tried to establish a city on the island, and why they failed in securing a foothold, despite having many strong individuals in their ranks.

"This island is a very special kind of island," the oldest of the three Gorgon Sisters, Stheno, explained. "Twice a year, this island will submerge itself under the sea and stay in its depths for a week.

"During that time, no one is able to enter the dungeon, so those caught by the sudden change of events would either find themselves trapped inside the dungeon, or floating in the sea in the middle of nowhere."

Euryale, who was listening at the side, giggled as she also added another possibility.

"Those who can't swim find themselves sinking along with the island, only to be buried at the bottom of the sea for all eternity," Euryale added.

Stehno nodded as if to affirm her sister's claim.

"Because of this phenomenon, this island was given the nickname Sinking Island, and everyone stopped visiting us," Stheno complained. "It's been several years since I've eaten Humans and Demons. I hope that our new Master, You, will allow us to dine as we please!"

The Half-Elf could only smile on the surface as beads of sweat start to form on his forehead. Stheno's words were quite sincere and had no falsehoods whatsoever. Meaning, she really planned to eat Humans and Demons, and her pleading gaze made William feel like taking them in was a bad idea.

"Don't worry, Master," Euryale commented from the side. "Without your orders, we won't eat Humans and Demons, even if they walked right in front of us…"

Euryale wasn't able to finish her words because William had summoned Zhu and presented him in front of the three sisters.

Immediately, the three gorgon sisters salivated as they gazed at the chubby Demonic Pig, who suddenly felt like his chastity was in danger.

"Oink! What are you girls looking at?" Zhu asked as he slowly backed away. "Will, bro, my friend, my nakama, where am I? Who are they?"

Stheno and Euryale tried to reach out at Zhu, but the latter was one step ahead of them and hid behind Wiliam's back.

The Half-Elf scratched his head as he introduced the three Gorgon sisters, who were looking at Zhu as if he was lunch.

"Zhu, these are our future comrades," William answered. "Stheno, Euryale, and Medusa. Girls, this is my friend Zhu."

"Nice to meet you, piggy."Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

"Today's lunch will be porkchop."

"Roasted pork is nice as well…"

Zhu felt all the fat in his body tremble in unison as he stared at the three beautiful ladies whose saliva flowed out from the corners of their lips like a river.

"Will…"

"Okay."

The Half-Elf returned the trembling Zhu back to the Thousand Beast Domain, which made the three ladies have a disappointed look on their faces. Just from that short experiment, the Half-Elf knew that the girls were still not ready to mingle with other races aside from their kind.

The only reason why they didn't consider William as food was because he was the successor of the Dungeon Conqueror. For the Gorgon Sisters, he was their ticket out of this miserable place, so they had no intention to harm him.

"I need to tell you girls the truth," William said as he crossed his arms over his chest. "Although I am indeed the successor of the Dungeon Conqueror, most of my abilities are sealed. Meaning, I can't register your dungeon as part of my army."

William's words made the three gorgons look at him in confusion.

"Explain the details," Stheno stated. "Why are your abilities sealed?"

The Half-Elf nodded his head and told the three ladies that he still hadn't met his father's friend, who held the key to unlock all the abilities of the Dungeon Conqueror Job Class. He also told them that his purpose for visiting the island was to put his mark on it, so he could teleport to it instantly once his abilities were unlocked.

Stheno and Euryale glanced at each other as they contemplated William's words. Only Medusa looked at William with a sad expression, as if she was denied something good to eat.

"How long do you think it will take before you meet your father's… friend?" Stheno asked. "A year? Two years? Three years?"

William shook his head. "I do not know when, but I have a feeling that it will not take long for that day to arrive. If I had to give an estimate, it would be in a year, or less than a year before my Dungeon Conqueror's Job Class is unlocked."

What Wiliam didn't tell the Gorgon Sisters was that, even without his father's friend, he would be able to unlock the power of his Dungeon Conquer Job Class in less than a year. His recent adventures in the Forbidden Ground, had brought him a lot of benefits, including the laws that he had acquired from the Deadlands.

These laws had merged with William's body, and they had mostly unsealed the restrictions placed on the Prestige Class that was passed to him by his father.

The smile on Stheno's and Euryale's faces returned after hearing William's reply.

"Then, we have a favor to ask," Stheno said as she patted William's right shoulder. "Take our little sister, Medusa, with you. She's not bound to the Dungeon, so she can move freely anywhere."

Euryale nodded her head in agreement. "Her rank is also at the peak stage of the Millennial Beast. She will definitely be helpful to you in the future."

Medusa, who was just listening to the side, suddenly became alarmed when she heard that her two sisters were planning to send her away. Ever since she had been born, she had been with Stheno and Euryale. The mere thought of being separated from the two of them made her panic.

"No! I won't leave!" Medusa clung to her big sisters as she pleaded. "Either we all go, or we don't go at all. I'm not leaving without the two of you!"

"Hah~ You're so silly, Medusa," Stheno said as she patted her little sister's head. "Just think of it as going away on a short vacation. It's not as if we are parting forever."

"That's right," Euryale commented. "You know where this island is, so you can return here at any given time. So, why don't you explore the world for a bit? You have been cooped inside this island for so long, that the only thing that you have seen of the outside world is the black sea, and that gloomy sky above our heads."

William was touched by the two sisters' encouragement to Medusa. However, those feelings instantly disappeared when he heard the next set of words that Stheno told her.

"The world is a beautiful place," Stheno added. "As you know, we can't leave this island. But, nothing can stop you from doing so. This is a perfect opportunity to gather as many Demons and Humans as possible for us to eat!"

"Yes!" Euryale nodded like a hen pecking rice. "It's an all you can eat buffet! Just imagine eating as many Humans and Demons as you can, without worrying that they will be gone the next day. Isn't it simply fantastic?"

Medusa drooled at the images that her sisters were painting inside her head. As if waiting for that moment, Stheno and Euryale delivered the killing blow which made Medusa's will falter.

"You love us, right?" Stheno asked. "Since that is the case, you should bring as many Humans and Demons as you can back to this island. That way, we can eat them too!"

"I want Elves as well," Euryale declared. "Since Half-Elves are no longer part of the menu, get me some of those long-eared delicacies. Their bodies are overflowing with magical and spiritual power. Just thinking about them makes me drool."

Medusa nodded her head with a determined expression as if she was a brave general who was going to order takeout at McBonalds, which she would bring back home to her sisters.

William, who was watching this scene from the side, felt his liver itch. He was wondering if it really was a good idea to bring the young lady out to the world, who was determined to catch Humans, Demons, and Elves, so she could bring them back to the island of Serifos and eat with her sisters.

—---