Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 964 - Not If I Eat You First

"W-Wow," Medusa exclaimed as she looked at the creatures that lived in the Thousand Beast Domain.

This was the first time she had seen so many different types of creatures in one place, and she couldn't stop herself from salivating as she gazed at all of them.

It was at this moment when a certain rainbow-colored Anteater walked towards William. Kasogonaga had been busy helping the Requiem Antz increase their ranks by letting them explore the Dungeon of Atlantis and bring back the corpses of the creatures inside it, so that their Queen could eat them.

Right now, the majority of the Antz, numbering in the tens of thousands, were at the peak of Class B Monsters. It would just be a matter of time before all of them broke through Class A, which would make William the owner of one of the strongest armies in the continent.Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

"Will, why did you call for me? Don't you know that I am busy?" Kasogonaga asked as it neared William.

The anteater wasn't aware that a certain Gorgon had locked it into her sights. When Kasogonaga was only two meters away from the Half-Elf, Medusa immediately lunged at it and grabbed it in her arms.

William laughed internally as he watched the entire thing unfold. He knew that Medusa wouldn't be able to control her urge to attack the beasts in his domain, so he planned to teach her a lesson.

He called Kasogonaga to meet him without telling the Anteater the reason why he called for it. Just as he expected, the little gorgon lunged at the first beast that came within her strike range.

Soon, a resounding cracking sound, followed by a panicked cry, reverberated inside the Thousand Beast Domain.

Medusa hurriedly backed away as she dropped the curled up rainbow-colored Anteater in her hands. She then covered her lips as tears streamed down her eyes.

William glanced at the several cracked teeth that lay on the ground after the little gorgon bit the Sky Deity, who was known for having one of the strongest scales in the multiverse.

Kasogonaga rolled towards William before uncurling itself, and glared at the crying purple-haired girl who had lost several of her teeth.

"What's that? Chiffon's long lost cousin?" Kasogonaga inquired as it narrowed its eyes at the now wailing little girl, who got her just desserts for biting something that she couldn't chew.

William chuckled when he heard Kasogonaga's question. Comparing Medusa to his glutton wife was like comparing heaven and earth. If Chiffon really wanted to eat Kasogonaga, the rainbow-colored Anteater would be hard pressed to escape once Chiffon activated her Divinity of Gluttony.

"She is Medusa," William explained after he finished laughing. "From now on, she will be staying here with us until I can fully unlock the power of my Dungeon Conqueror Job Class."

Kasogonaga clicked its tongue because it could tell that the purple-haired little girl was trouble. If it hadn't reacted fast enough to stop itself, it might have unleashed its sharp spikes, which would have pierced Medusa's throat, when she tried to take a chunk of flesh earlier.

"Medusa, you should really curb your instinct to try and eat any beast that you see," William stated as he pressed his hand over the little gorgon's head. He then activated his Life Wizard lesser restoration magic, to help the crying girl recover the teeth that she had lost.

When the pain went away, Medusa touched her newly grown teeth to test if they had really regenerated. After making sure that they were fine, she hugged William's leg and thanked him for restoring her teeth.

'She's like a little pet,' William thought as he patted her head. Just as the Half-Elf was about to introduce Medusa to the other inhabitants of his domain, a pink-haired girl walked towards him with a smile.

"Will, have you already arrived on the island of Serifos?" Chiffon asked. She then looked at the purple-haired girl who was hugging her husband's leg with an amused expression on her face.

Before William could even introduce the two to each other, Medusa lunged at Chiffon with her mouth wide open.

When she was only a few meters away from the pink-haired girl, the latter raised her hand summoning her mace, Sharur. The mace instantly enlarged itself to up to four meters in thickness, in accordance to Chiffon's will.

The pink-haired girl then smashed the mace, that earned the nickname "Smasher of Thousands", into the gluttonous Gorgon without a shred of mercy.

A powerful shockwave spread across the surroundings, as Sharur pinned Medusa on the ground, like a nail that had been hit by a hammer.

William, and Kasogonaga winced at the same time because they knew for certain that anything hit by that attack would definitely be in a world of pain.

Chiffon raised the mace to inspect the condition of the girl that had tried to attack her. Medusa was at the peak of the Millennial Stage, so she had survived the attack. However, she wasn't feeling too good as she reached out to the pink-haired girl in front of her.

"I-I will eat you!" Medusa declared.

The corner of Chiffon's lips curled up into a smirk because she found the words of the little-girl, who was the same height as her, very funny.

"You are going to eat me?" Chiffon asked with an amused expression on her face.

"Yes!" Medusa replied angrily. "I will eat you!"

Chiffon smiled evilly as she looked down at the struggling little girl in front of her.

"Not if I eat you first," Chiffon stated. As soon as those words left her lips, the Number One Glutton under the heavens opened her mouth wide.

Just like a powerful vacuum cleaner, Chiffon swallowed up the little gorgon until she disappeared under William's and Kasogonaga's horrified gazes.

"Chiffon! Spit her out!" William immediately grabbed his wife's shoulders. "Medusa is still ignorant of the world. She thinks that everything that moves is food!"

Chiffon hugged William and patted his back.

"Don't worry. I just stored her in my 99th stomach," Chiffon replied as if to assure William that Medusa was safe. "My stomach acid over there is only strong enough to make her skin feel itchy. The most it can do is melt her clothes. Relax, she will be fine."

William and Kasogonaga both sighed in relief because they thought that Chiffon had really eaten Medusa.

"Can you let her out now?" William inquired.

Although Chiffon had already told him that Medusa was fine, he was still worried because the little Gorgon was now his responsibility. If anything happened to her, it might sour the relationship he had with Stheno and Euryale, and he didn't want that to happen.

Chiffon shook her head firmly before giving her husband a teasing smile. "It will be best if I teach her a little lesson first. That way, she will not accidentally die once she comes face to face with someone whose appetite is greater than hers."

Chiffon smiled sweetly which made William and Kasogonaga feel their liver itch. Clearly, the pink-haired girl really wanted to punish Medusa for even thinking of eating, the sole person who could devour almost anything in the world, just by opening her cute, and adorable, mouth.