Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 966 - Exploit Me In Any Way You Wish

Adam made his way back to the Stronghold with his heart caught up in his throat. The things he saw, and the entity he met along the way, made him realize how dangerous the Ancient Ruins truly were.

'If I answered wrongly back there, would I have suffered the same fate as those people?' Adam's body unconsciously trembled as he remembered the scene that had happened not too long ago.

When the Dark Wraith asked him if he believed in Dark Magic, he had answered with a Yes. He thought that it would be over after that question, but he was greatly disappointed when the Dark Wraith asked him a second question, then a third question.

All in all, the Dark Wraith asked him five questions. After answering all of them, the Dark Wraith gave him a bone-chilling laugh before disappearing like a wisp of smoke.

Adam didn't know if he answered all of the questions correctly or not. All he knew was that if the Dark Wraith wanted to end his life then and there, it could have easily done it without breaking a sweat.

Just as he was about to arrive near the Stronghold, he noticed a figure standing on top of the elevated platform, looking straight at him.

Adam momentarily stopped to see who it was. After identifying the person as the Eldest Prince of the Demon Lord, he gave Felix a brief bow before entering the Stronghold.

He had no intention of telling anyone what he saw, not even the Prince who believed that he had Adam in the palm of his hands.

—--

Meanwhile back in the Central Continent…

William had used Soleil to instantly travel to one of the locations where the teleportation gates of the Demonic Continent were found.

This place was strictly regulated by Demons, so any other race—aside from them—wouldn't be able to pass through the gates without being attacked by the guards that were stationed to protect it.

After careful consideration, William knew that the best approach was to enter the place as Demons, so he, Zhu, and Sha discussed their plans for infiltration within the Thousand Beast Domain.

"First, we will proclaim ourselves as slave traders," William said. "Even if we manage to pass through the teleportation gates, we will still be questioned at the fortress that guards the Demon Continent's borders. Posing as slave traders will allow us to easily infiltrate the stronghold."

"This is a good plan, Oink, but, how can we be slave traders if we don't have slaves?" Zhu asked as he scratched his head.

"Who said we don't?" William smiled as his gaze landed on Charmaine, and the other elves who were serving them tea. "Will you be fine with this arrangement, Charmaine?"

"I am fine with being Sir William's personal slave," Charmaine answered in a heartbeat. "Feel free to exploit me in any way you wish."

"Me, too, Sir William," a pretty Elf commented. "I will carry out this mission without fail. Also, feel free to exploit me as well during the duration of this mission to make it look convincing."

"That's right, Sir William," another Elf commented. "Elves are usually used as sex slaves by the Demons. As slave traders, you need to show them your lecherous side as well."

William nodded as he patted Zhu's shoulders. "I'll leave the lecherous side to you."

"Sorry, but I'll pass," Zhu replied without batting an eye. "It will be more convincing if you were the one that does it. After all, me and Sha are still inexperienced when it comes to women."

He knew that if he really did anything lecherous to the Elven beauties, all of them would unite to castrate him.

Hearing Zhu's answer, the Elves nodded their heads and returned their sharp daggers to where they hid under the skirts of their maid uniforms. If the Demonic Pig had said yes, all of those daggers would have pierced his body, turning him into a pin cushion.

Sha on the other hand, averted his gaze. A red hue was creeping up his neck and cheeks as he pretended that he didn't hear Zhu's words. The Demonic Pig chuckled as he placed his arms over Sha's shoulders because he thought that his friend was being shy about being called inexperienced.

What Zhu didn't know was that Sha was already in a steady relationship with the black-haired librarian back in Hestia Academy. Both of them had done the deed several times, and he was no longer as "inexperienced" as Zhu thought he was.

"It can't be helped then." William sighed as he glanced apologetically at Charmaine and the other elves. "If the circumstances call for it, I may do inappropriate things to you girls. I apologize in advance for my rudeness."

"Not at all, Sir William," Charmaine replied with a smile. "We are willing to play our part well in order to make this mission a success."

William smiled and nodded his head. Although he felt bad about taking advantage of his maids, there was simply no other choice but to do it.

"Very well, I will make the preparations now," William closed his eyes as his body glowed briefly.

When the light receded, a black-haired young man, who may be considered good looking, but fell short when compared to the Half-Elf, appeared in front of everyone.

"How do I look?" William asked.

"You look nice," Charmaine replied as a blush crept on her pretty face.

Although the current William was not as good looking as his former self, the appearance he had right now had a more innocent appeal, which made Charmaine, and the other Elves attracted to him.

"Darling, is that you?" Princess Sidonie asked as she entered the Villa, followed closely by Ashe.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

William nodded. "It is me."

"I almost didn't recognize you."

"That's the plan. My face is too well-known, so I can't use it to infiltrate the Demonic Lands. It will be best if I use this appearance for the time being, so that our plan will be successful."

At first, William was surprised when Optimus told him that another ability had been added to his Quick-Shot Shepherd Job Class when he returned to Hestia. This new ability was the ability to change his appearance to what he looked like back on Earth when he was still living.

Although the Half-Elf didn't know how he acquired this ability, he was more than happy to use it. This way, no one would be able to recognize him, even if he were to strut around under the eyes of the people who were familiar to him.

However, William was not finished yet. He then equipped his Vampire Progenitor Job Class which gave him a noble presence. Although it made him look paler, it also added a bad guy sharpness to his look, which made the Succubus Princess have the strong urge to have a taste of this brand new William whom she had never seen before.

Seeing Princess Sidonie's gaze, the Half-Elf hurriedly cleared his throat and told everyone that the operation would start in eight hours.

William knew that if he didn't sate Princess Sidonie's cravings, her Divinity might flare up while he was doing his mission.

This was something that he couldn't afford to have happen, so he had no choice but to spend quality time with her, Ashe, and Chiffon, so that his wives would be watered adequately, and not left to dry, while he looked for Celine's whereabouts in the Demonic Continent.