Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 967 - I Dare You To Make Love To Me Right Here, Right Now

The Guard Captain that protected the Teleportation Gate perked up when he saw several carriages approaching their location.

Guarding the teleportation gate was a boring task, they were assigned to stay there for two months before their commander would send a new batch of people to take their place.Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

It had only been three weeks since he, Ozul, had been assigned to guard this barren place, with over three demons from the Demonic Continent. So far, everything was going smoothly, with the occasional slave trader, bounty hunter, and mercenary passing through the gates once or twice a week.

As the group neared, he noticed that the carriage leading the group was pulling a large cage. Several Elven ladies were tied up inside it with specially designed chains that prevented them from using their magic.

This was a very common procedure when handling races with powerful magic, and Ozul had seen his fair share of such things. However, this was the first time that he had seen Elf slaves and it made him think of indecent things.

Five minutes later, two carriages stopped at the bronze gate, which barred anyone from entering the Demon Encampment.

"Halt!" Ozul shouted. "What business do you have here?"

After making his declaration, the carriage door opened and a teenager with short black hair, and brown eyes emerged from it. He had a teasing smile on his face as he dragged a pretty Elf behind him as he walked towards the bronze gate.

"My name is William, and I have come here to use the teleportation gates to return to the Demonic Continent," William lazily stated. "There is business to be had, and I will definitely sell these beauties to the highest bidder in the capital city. Aren't I right, sweetheart?"

William wrapped her right arm to the Elven beauty beside him whose proud face was filled with disgust.

The Demons who were manning the ramparts whistled when they saw Charmaine's pretty face, who was being held by the black-haired teenager.

"So, you came to do business," Ozul smiled as his eyes appraised Charmaine's body. The pretty Elf was wearing nothing but rags that showed some juicy parts, which made the Guard Captain's inner desires flare up. "I like doing business as well. Men, open the gates!"

The bronze gate slowly opened wide to allow William's group to pass through. The black-haired teenager walked lazily, while half dragging the pretty Elf beside him, who was powerless against his whims.

"Hurry up, girl," William ordered. "Or would you like me to screw you in front of these gentlemen for their entertainment?"

"You evil fiend!" Charmaine replied. "You can do whatever you want with my body, but you will never have my heart!"

William chuckled as he pulled the Elf towards him, and locked her body in a firm hold with his right hand.

"Sorry, gentlemen, this lass is quite stubborn and arrogant," William said as he winked at the Demons who watched this scene with amused expressions on their faces. "Breaking her will give me incredible pleasure and satisfaction."

"Who's afraid of who?" Charmaine stated as she struggled in William's hold. "You're just all talk. I dare you to make love to me right here, right now."

William raised his hand and held Charmaine's chin in a firm grip. "Are you sure? You want me to humiliate you right in front of these gentlemen? You have guts, I'll give you that."

"Shut up and do me! We'll see who has guts between the two of us, or are you scared?"

"Girl, don't push my patience."

"You're all talk and no action," Charmaine sneered. "You want to make me submit? You have to man up first!"

The Demons cheered, and whistled as they saw the arrogant Elf badmouth her captor fearlessly. William, on the other hand, felt that Charmaine's acting was over the top. She was even pressing her body against his, as if daring him to do her in front of the Demons, whose eyes glinted with greed.

Even Ozul was quite impressed about the Elf's tenacity, which made him more interested in her.

Since that was the case, he took the initiative to introduce himself to the black-haired teenager whose pale skin made everyone identify him as a member of the Vampire race.

"I am Ozul, the Guard Captain of this encampment," Ozul declared. "William, since you want to do business, how about you sell that Elf girl to me? Name your price."

William glanced at the Demon who had light-brown skin and a scorpion tail hanging behind his back. One quick glance and he knew that this particular demon was of the Adamantium Rank, which was equivalent to that of a Centennial Beast.

"Sorry, but I decided to make this b*tch my personal toy," William replied. "As for the others, I plan to auction them, and sell a few directly to the Demon Princes."

Ozul frowned when he heard William's reply. He knew that Elves fetched a high price due to their beauty and rarity. They just couldn't be compared to Human slaves that could be captured in the dozens.

"Well, I won't let you pass unless you sell me one of your wares," Ozul stated as he crossed his arms over his chest. "I am the one that calls the shots here. If you don't like to sell, I can also take them by force, right, boys?"

The Demons shouted in agreement at their captain's words. Having a few Elven beauties to enjoy for the duration of their stay was not a bad idea.

After checking that the black-haired teenager only had a chubby Demonic Pig, and a skinny Demon with blue skin as bodyguards, the Demons guarding the gate felt that stealing the slave trader's slaves was a very profitable idea.

"Oh, I wouldn't do that if I were you," William said in a teasing tone. "Do you want Prince Felix to personally chop your heads off?"

The Demons who had started to encircle William's group immediately froze, and looked at the black-haired teenager with suspicious gazes.

"His Highness personally ordered me to capture these Elves at the risk of my life," William stated. "I already informed him that I would be returning soon, and even told him that I would be using this encampment as the gateway into the Demonic Continent. If something happens to me, or my wares, all of you are dead."

The Demons glanced at each other. Their eyes showed unwillingness, as well as fear as they felt unsure about what to do next. In the end, they all stared at their Captain, who was eyeing William with a serious expression on his face.

"Very well, I will let you pass here under one condition," Ozul said with a devilish look on his face. "I want to see how you will break that Elf, and make her submit to you. If you can't do it, you will not pass this place. Aren't I right, boys?"

The Demons once again cheered in agreement. Although they weren't able to touch the merchandise, they were more than happy to watch an entertaining show, and see how the pretty Elf would be humiliated in front of them.

What these Demons didn't know was that Charmaine was giving Ozul two thumbs up in her heart. She then gazed at William with a contemptuous look, as she waited for him to humiliate her in front of the Ozul's lecherous gaze.