Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 968 - I Will Treasure This Fleeting Happiness

(Disclaimer: there are some minor R-18 scenes in this chapter.)

'Isn't your acting a bit too good?' William asked Charmaine via telepathy.

The pretty Elf smiled as she replied to her Master's question. She didn't mind being humiliated in front of everyone, as long as the one that was humiliating her was the person standing next to her.

'Sir William, doing it like this will make it more convincing,' Charmaine answered. 'Demons are known for their lecherous tendencies, if you don't do anything, they might suspect that you are fake.'

'You're really making things difficult for me. Are you prepared for this?'

'No matter what happens, I will carry out this mission without fail. Come at me, Master!'

William was touched by Charmaine's sacrifice, so he decided to get a little bit serious as well.

"Those eyes of yours, ever since I saw them for the first time, I have long wanted to make you kneel before me," William stated as he looked down at the pretty Elf, whom he had forced to kneel on the ground. "Before this day is over, you will know who your real Master is."

Charmaine looked up with a defiant gaze as she gritted her teeth. "I'd like to see how you will make me submit to you."

The Demons laughed as they taunted William that he should just switch with them, so that they could teach him how to break the pretty Elf, who was showing her arrogant nature.

Ozul crossed his arms over his chest as he narrowed his eyes. A part of him was disappointed that he wasn't the one who would personally break Charmaine, but the other half was looking forward to an entertaining show that was rarely seen inside the Demon Encampment.

"Fine." William sneered. "Since you want it rough, I'll make your wish come true."

William pulled Charmaine up by grabbing onto her hair, which made the Elf grimace, but no words escaped her lips. The Half-Elf then used his left arm to wrap around her waist, while his right hand groped her right breast from underneath her ragged clothes, in front of the demons, which made them howl in excitement.

Suddenly, without any warning, William bit into her neck, which shocked Charmaine, Ozul, and the rest of the Demons who were watching the scene.

Immediately, the pain Charmaine was feeling disappeared, and what followed next was the familiar, sublime pleasure that she hadn't felt in a while. She felt herself floating, as William's hands and lips made her lose her sense of reason.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Blood flowed down her neck, and into the rags she wore for her clothes. She looked like an innocent young lady that was being corrupted by an evil vampire, who happened to find her while she was all alone.

The smell of blood made the Demons excited. They were a bloodthirsty race that liked violence, and torture. The scent of the pretty Elf's blood intoxicated them, as their nostrils flared, and lust boiled up in their loins.

William didn't pay any attention to them, and simply continued drinking Charmaine's blood. He drank sparingly, because his bloodthirst had grown stronger when he became a Vampire Progenitor.

When he made love with Belle back on Earth, he told her about his current condition, and the black-haired beauty volunteered to let William have a taste of her blood.

This was a bad move on her part because the two of them had been resting after they had made love with each other. Because of this, William wasn't able to stop himself from sinking his fangs on her soft, and tender, breasts.

The memories of that memorable night, surfaced in William's head, as he too had become intoxicated with Charmaine's blood. Ever since the Elves had become his personal slave, Charmaine was the one who was always there to give him blood whenever, and wherever, he needed it.

When William pulled back, the wounds on her neck had healed, but it still looked tender. The black-haired teenager then licked the bloodstains that had trailed down her neck to where it had mingled with Charmaine's clothes.

The pretty Elf, on the other hand, was still lost in her euphoric state, and moved subconsciously to hold William's face. Without any warning, she kissed her Master, and intertwined her tongue with his, realizing the wish that she had since she had started serving him.

They kissed for a full-minute before William backed away, making Charmaine reach out to hold his body.

"Who is your Master?" William asked in a domineering voice that was filled with charisma, and power, that even made the lady Demons within the encampment feel their heart stir. Demonic ladies loved bad boys, and the black-haired teenager right now was making them want to join in on the fun.

"You," Charmaine replied in an enchanting voice, that made Ozul feel a great urge to reach out to the pretty Elf, and pin her down under his body.

"How about your body?" William inquired as his hand trailed down her lips, down her neck, and into her ragged clothes, brushing over the firm tip that lay hidden under that thin piece of clothing.

"Yours," Charmaine replied as she pressed her body unto him. "Forever, and ever."

William smiled as he kissed her soft lips for a few seconds before whispering in her ear.

"Kneel, and make an oath of subservience," William whispered. "By doing so, you will belong to me, for eternity."

Charmaine nodded as she kneeled on one knee in front of Wiliam and looked up at him with moist eyes.

"I swear upon my name, and the Gods above, that I will be forever loyal to you, My Lord," Charmaine said in a voice filled with passion. "My heart, body, and soul, will be yours, and yours alone."

"Good," William replied as he lovingly caressed her face. "Rise, and become my slave for eternity."

"Yes…," Charmaine said as she stood up and wrapped her arms around WIlliam's body, burying her head on his shoulder. "My Lord."

William smiled evilly as he winked at Ozul.

"That is how you break these stubborn girls," William declared. "Pretty easy right? All I need to do is sink my fangs on their necks, and they will be driven to ecstasy. If you have anyone who needs to be broken, just look for me. I will be more than happy to break them for you."

Seeing the arrogant and pretty Elf submit her entire being to William made Ozul, and the Demons, look at him with jealousy and envy. They were a race that recognized strength, whether it was underhanded or not.

Although they had heard that Vampires had the power to charm women, this was the first time that they had seen it in action.

Charmaine's sighs of pleasure escaped her lips, as the black-haired teenager's hand groped her breast, over her clothes.

William kissed her lips one last time before glancing at Ozul with a triumphant gaze.

"Well then, Mr. Guard Captain, can we pass through the gates now?" William inquired. "This slave still hadn't had enough. I want to enjoy corrupting her slowly. I apologize, but I don't intend to show how I will break this girl completely. It's one of my trade secrets."

The black-haireed teenager wnked, which made Ozul snort at him. However, he had indeed enjoyed a good show, albeit briefly.

"Go," Ozul said as he stepped aside to let William's entourage pass.

William nodded as he walked towards the teleportation gate, while holding Charmaine's waist, who seemed to still be in a state of Euphoria.

Just as the black-haired teenager was about to step inside the teleportation gate, Ozul shouted and called out to him.

"Sir William, I have a request," Ozul stated as he walked towards the Vampire, who had made his day interesting.

"A request? Well, if it is within my power then why not?" William replied with a smile.

"The next time you hunt for Elves, reserve one for me," Ozul replied. "I will pay you handsomely for your trouble."

The Demon then glanced at Charmaine, who had turned completely docile under William's sensual touch.

"If you can find someone like her, I will double the price," Ozul added. "Just like you, I like to break arrogant girls until they beg me to have mercy on them."

William nodded. "Very well. The next time I hunt for Elves, I will reserve the best one for you as a sign of friendship. Till we meet again, Sir Ozul."

"May your trip to the Demonic Continent be profitable, Sir William."

"Thank you."

Ozul raised his hand and signaled the Demonic Mages to activate the teleportation gate. As soon as the light receded, William and his entourage were nowhere to be seen.

—---

Demonic Continent near the Southern Fortress…

"Charmaine, I'm sorry. I got carried away," William said as he lightly patted Charmaine's back, who was currently leaning weakly over his body.

The two were currently inside the carriage, as they made their way towards the Southern Fortress, which served as the first line of defense for the Demons against any kind of invasion from the Central Continent.

This was the side effect of having her blood taken from her. Once the euphoric state fades, she would be in a lethargic state for a few hours before returning to normal.

"You don't need to apologize, Sir William," Charmaine replied. "I'm glad that our mission succeeded. So, please, let me stay like this for a while. Treat it as my reward for doing my best."

"Okay," William nodded as he allowed the pretty Elf to wrap her arms around his body, allowing Charmaine to enjoy this rare occasion where she was alone with him.

'I will treasure this fleeting happiness,' Charmaine thought as she hugged William's cold body, which was slowly becoming warm due to her blood.

She knew that what she wanted was not meant to be, but she still enjoyed the feeling of tenderness that had bloomed in her heart, when she had declared her everything to the Half-Elf, whom she had hated in the past.