Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 970 - F*ck Your Daddy!

"Um, Hello?" William said as he looked at the young lady who was looking at him with amusement.

"Good evening," the green-haired lady greeted as she appraised William from head to foot. "Your face and hair color are different, but are you perhaps William Von Ainsworth?"

William's body immediately froze when he heard the young lady's inquiry. He didn't know how the lady knew of his identity, but he would be damn stupid if he admitted that he was indeed the one she had mentioned.

The name Ainsworth was a taboo to the Demon Race. This was the family name that had prevented them from conquering the Silvermoon Continent, and made them suffer for a decade due to Demon Lord's defeat in the hands of the Dungeon Conqueror, Maxwell, who was also William's father.

"You are mistaken, My Lady," William replied. "Although my name is William, my surname isn't Ainsworth but Stark. My Full name is William Stark. Nice to meet you."

The green-haired lady smiled as she nodded her head. She gave William the "don't worry, I understand gaze", which made the Half-Elf's liver itch.

"So, Mr. Stark, what brings you here in Amberfang City?" the green-haired beauty asked.

William smiled as he gave the lady a brief nod. "My Lady, I already told you my name, but you still haven't told me yours?"

"Oh sorry, I forgot to introduce myself. Where are my manners?" The young lady jumped off the railing and walked towards William.

When she was only a few meters away, she made a curtsy as she introduced herself.

"My name is Vesta Cy Agni," Vesta said with a smile. "It's a pleasure to meet you, Sir William."

"The pleasure is mine, My Lady," William replied as she returned her smile.

Deep inside his head, alarm bells were constantly ringing. Every fiber of his being was telling him that the girl was bad news.

The two stared at each other for a while before Vesta walked towards him. She once again appraised him up and down and circled him three times to observe every angle of his body.

"Although your current form isn't bad, I still prefer your Half-Elf form," Vesta muttered as she continued to circle around William. "Well, I guess you will show that form in good time, so I don't need to hurry."

"Um, excuse me, Ms. Vesta? What are you doing here in my room?" William asked.L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

He was starting to have goosebumps because the girl that had entered his room clearly knew who he was. Even so, he still tried to keep the smile on his face as he addressed this seemingly bold girl whose eyes were focused on his body.

"Me? I came here because our eyes crossed earlier," Vesta replied. "Isn't that a good enough reason to visit you?"

The corner of William's lips twitched. He knew that the green-haired was just making an excuse. What he wanted to know was the real reason she was inside his room.

"Just relax Sir William, I mean you no harm… at least, for now," Vesta said as she faced William with a sweet smile that was enough to rot a person's teeth.

William finally frowned. He didn't intend to do anything unusual while he was inside the Fortress City because it would cause complications to his plans if he did that.

Vesta chuckled after seeing William's expression. She was like a rich young lady who had found something very interesting while window shopping, and decided to have a closer look at the thing that caught her fancy.

"Just, what do you want from me, Lady Vesta?" William asked. He knew that the young lady was toying with him, so he decided to just ask her what she wanted, in an attempt to get her leave him alone.

"Well, that will depend on how our talks will end tonight, Sir William," Vesta answered. "If we part in good graces then things will be good. If we don't…"

Vesta grinned before she mouthed the words "I will leave the rest to your imagination".

The frown on William's face deepened. Right now, Vesta had complete control of the conversation, which left him in a passive state. Clearly, she knew William's difficulties and she was exploiting it to the fullest.

"Talk? You want to talk?" William inquired. "Then how about the two of us have a seat first? It's not good to talk while standing up, right?"

"Seven points," Vesta commented. "I'll give you that much for trying to regain your initiative in this negotiation."

Vesta giggled before walking towards a chair. She then gestured for William to sit on the chair opposite hers, so that they could have a serious discussion.

William sat and faced the young lady who seemed to be oozing with confidence. Just as he was about to ask her again what she really wanted, the green-haired beauty placed a finger on her lips, which made the Half-Elf hold back the words he wanted to say.

"First, let me tell you who I am, and who my father is," Vesta declared. "I am the daughter of Joash Cy Agni."

William nodded. "I understand."

"No, Sir William, you don't understand." Vesta giggled. "I just told you my name, and who my father is, but you don't have any idea who we are. Well then, since this is your first time coming to the Demonic Continent, allow me to educate you a bit."

Vesta leaned on her chair and crossed her long legs over the other as she gave William a confident gaze.

"My father, Joash Cy Agni, is a very well known figure here in the Demon Continent," Vesta explained. "He is also looking at you, right here, right now from up there…"

Vera pointed at the tower that overlooked the entire city. It was at that moment when a realization hit William and he finally understood the alarm bells that were going on inside his head.

Seeing his expression, Vesta grinned mischievously because the intended effect that she was looking for had appeared on the Half-Elf's face.

"Yes, Sir William," Vesta smiled evilly. "My father, Joash, is the Demigod that is stationed to watch over this Domain. Would you like to say hi to my daddy?"

William cursed internally as he met Vesta's evil smile head on. Right now, there were only three words that he wanted to say to her, and they were.

F*ck your daddy!