Chapter 971 - The Place Where My Two Feet Stand Is My TerritoryRe𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

'So, this is the famous son of the Dungeon Conqueror, as well as the only person who has managed to overcome the trial of the Tower of Babylon,' Vesta thought as she observed William with her eyes that were of the same color as his.

As the daughter of one of the Demigods in the Demon Continent, her reputation was enough to make even the Demon Lord treat her as an equal. Although she was born with a golden spoon in her hand, Vesta wasn't someone who relied on her father's influence.

She trained hard in order to become powerful, and as someone who had the blood of the Legendary Black Dragon in her veins, her physical and magical prowess had exceeded the realm of mortals.

Simply put, she was a true elite warrior who had achieved the Black Rank, which was equivalent to that of a Millennial Beast. This was also why she felt very interested in William because no matter how hard she tried to gauge how strong he was, she couldn't estimate his rank.

There were only two reasons for this to happen. The first one was that the Half-Elf was carrying an artifact that prevented others from gauging his rank.

The second one was that the person standing in front of her was leagues above her own rank, which—of true—was the main reason why Vesta was very interested in him.

'As expected of the one that conquered the 51st Floor of the Tower of Babylon,' Vesta mused. 'He's not that simple.'

Truth be told, when William appeared in the Fortress City, the Demigod who watched over this territory sensed the blood that flowed in his veins. There was a time when Vesta's father, Joash, had fought against the Dungeon Conqueror and lost.

Because of this, the Demigod made sure to remember the smell as well as the unique qualities of Maxwell's bloodline, which allowed the Black Dragon to sense William when the Half-Elf entered his Domain.

As someone who had fought against the Dungeon Conqueror, Joash was interested in knowing the reason for William's visit to the Demonic Continent. Because of this, he had tasked his daughter, Vesta, to check for herself what the son of the man that defeated him was like.

Vesta was more than happy to take this mission because she had grown up hearing the tales of the Dungeon Conqueror who had single-handedly defeated the Demonic Army, and also cut off the Demon Lord's arm during their one-on-one battle within the grove of the World Tree.

"Yes, Sir William," Vesta smiled evilly. "My father, Joash, is the Demigod that is stationed to watch over this Domain. Would you like to say hi to my daddy?"

The green-haired lady's eyes sparkled in anticipation for what the Half-Elf was going to do next. She wanted to know how William would react to her subtle threat.

Half a minute passed after she asked her question when suddenly the black-haired teenager chuckled.

"And why should I say hi to your daddy?" William asked in disdain. "Shouldn't he be the one who should say hi to me?"

Vesta's smile stiffened because she clearly heard the disdain in William's voice. No one in the Demonic Continent, not even the Demon Lord, would dare to say these words towards her father, which made the green-haired lady irritated.

"Oh my~ I think Sir William should choose his words wisely," Vesta replied icily. "I think you are forgetting that you're not in the Central Continent, but in the Demon Lands. Aren't you worried that you will be besieged by all the warriors that are stationed in this Fortress City?"

"Besieged? By whom? By your father, and the people inside this tiny little fortress?" William scoffed. "Girl, I think you are making a very big misunderstanding here. No matter where I am, no matter where I go, the place where my two feet stand is my territory."

The Half-Elf wagged his finger at the dumbfounded green-haired lady as the corner of his lips curled up into a sneer.

"If I wanted it, I could easily destroy this fortress with a wave of my hand," William said in a teasing tone.

"I didn't know that the son of the Dungeon Conqueror was delusional," Vesta replied with sarcasm. "You're still a boy with milk on your lips, and you think that you can conquer the world, you sure have guts."

Vesta sneered at the Half-Elf because she found William's words truly ridiculous. If their fortress city was so easily destroyed then the Human armies would have already advanced deep into their lands. The fact that the Fortress of Amberfang had remained standing for two decades proved that no force in the Central Continent could conquer their lands.

William chuckled. He wouldn't deny that he still had milk in his lips because he had just drank it a few days ago when Ella visited his room to have a chat. One thing led to another and before he knew it, he had already drunk a mouthful, directly from the source.

"I have waged battles the likes of which you have never seen before," William stated. "I fought against the might of the Elven Army, as well as their Guardians. I've also dealt with their Demigod, Sephiron, so what makes you think that I'm scared of your father?"

For the first time since she had met William, a frown appeared on Vesta's face. She had indeed heard the news of the invasion of the Elves in the Southern Continent, which ended in failure. Also, there were rumors that William had defeated not only the Guardians, but a bonafide Demigod that had guarded the Silvermoon Continent for a millennia as well.

Even so, Vesta's love for her father wouldn't allow her to back down. He was the only one that she respected, aside from her mother, and she wouldn't allow anyone to look down on her father's legacy.

"Sephiron? Although I admit that he is indeed a strong Demigod, I don't believe that you defeated him on your own," Vesta replied. "You must have used some kind of trick to deal with him, or borrowed the powers of another Demigod. Someone like you, can't possibly defeat a Demigod on your own."

William looked at the young lady whose face had become flushed out of anger, and chuckled once more.

"True." William nodded. "Back then, Sephiron would have turned me into ashes with a single flap of his wings. But, now? It's different. I have fought against Demigods and Pseudo-Gods, and lived to tell the tale. Your father doesn't scare me one bit. Even if there are two Demigods here in this fortress, the end result will still be the same and that is…"

William paused as he gave the green-haired beauty who was now staring daggers at him with a devilish smile on his face.

"A one-sided massacre," William finished his explanation. "That is what awaits this fortress if your father is stupid enough to provoke me."

"You're lying."

"Your father is a Demigod. He can tell if I'm lying or not. So, what do you think, Your Excellency?" William turned his head towards the balcony and asked. "Am I lying or not?"

Vesta looked in the direction of the balcony and saw a man wearing a majestic black robe that covered his entire body.

He had short black hair, and his face had sharp features, like a hawk that could go for the kill at any moment.

Joash gazed at William with an indifferent expression on his face. As the Guardian of the Fortress City, and the first line of defense of the Demon Continent, his authority was the highest inside his Domain.

The Demigod stared at William, and the latter stared back at him with a calm expression on his face. Both men appraised each other as if trying to understand who was stronger between the two of them.

William had seen many powerful beings in his current lifetime, and he no longer felt fear, or cowered, when facing a Demigod. Right now, he was in his Vampire Progenitor Job Class, which was equivalent to a Demigod in its initial stages.

If Joash really wanted to exchange blows with him, the Half-Elf was more than happy to oblige. William didn't mind using one of his trump cards to show the Demigod the consequences of provoking him.

Vesta could feel the atmosphere inside the room change subtly, as the gaze of the two men met. She had a feeling that whatever was going to happen next, was something that she would remember for the rest of her life.