Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 974 - A Broken Vow

Inside William's Thousand Beast Domain…

"Joash, I don't know much about him," Chiffon said as she patted Medusa's head, who was sleeping on her lap.

After she had devoured her on their first meeting, the Little Gorgon had recognized the pink-haired girl as someone stronger than her, and willingly submitted to her.

This was a very normal occurrence for Monsters because they were someone who worshiped the strong. Chiffon didn't think much of Medusa's choice, because this was a common mindset in the Demonic Continent.

The Demon Clans followed the strongest demon, which was the Demon Lord. what Medusa did was nothing different in Chiffon's eyes, so she was even flattered that the purple-haired girl treated her as her Master.

Simply put, Medusa was similar to a little pet that followed Chiffon around. Also, for some unknown reason, Gullinbursti (the golden piglet), and Medusa had suddenly become rivals for the pink-haired girl's affection which made William chuckle when he noticed it.

"The Black Dragon of the Demon Continent, Joash Cy Agni… he is indeed someone that you shouldn't take lightly."

Chiffon and Wiliam glanced at the delicate-looking Elf who was seated on a chair and sipping his tea calmly.

"Among the Demigods of this domain, he is only second to Baba Yaga, who rules the Northeast," Kenneth explained. "It is because of this reason that he chose to become the defender of the Demonic Continent after their loss in the Silvermoon Continent. My Grandpa once mentioned that Joash had both brain and brawn, which made him a very formidable enemy."

After persuading William to allow him to accompany him, the Half-Elf gave up and brought Kenneth inside the Thousand Beast Domain. He knew that the silver-haired Elf had been sent by his mother to check up on him, so he decided to just bring him along to honor her wish.

To his surprise, Kenneth seemed calm, and collected when he entered the Thousand Beast Domain. Although he had been surprised, his surprise was different from the surprise that his wives, and the other people he brought inside his domain, had expressed when they had entered it for the first time.

When William asked him about this, Kenneth only said that he had already suspected that the Half-Elf was in possession of a portable domain. That is the only explanation that Kenneth could think of on how William was able to summon so many Beasts to fight for his side during the war in the Southern Continent.

"Well, since he has already shown goodwill to you, it will be best to not stir up any kind of trouble inside his Domain," Kenneth commented. "Demigods are prideful beings. Going back on their words was something that they rarely do. More than anything else, they don't want the other Demigods to look down on them because of something petty."

William smiled as he looked at his ex-roommate who was making himself at home in his Domain.

"Kenneth, let me ask you something," William said. "Have you ever dreamed of a young lady whose long hair seemed to know no bounds? She could extend it indefinitely, and her favorite pastime is to sleep. Does that ring a bell to you?"

"No," Kenneth answered in a heartbeat. He then looked at William with a curious gaze as he asked him a question of his own.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Where did you see this lady you're talking about?" Kenneth asked.

"In my dreams?"

"What kind of dreams are you having then?"

William chuckled as he dropped the subject. This was something that he didn't want to talk about at this moment. For the past few months, he would often dream of a lazy young lady who did nothing but sleep under the shade of an Ancient Oak Tree.

In his dreams, the young lady would use her very long hair to entangle William, and hang him upside down in the tree as a way to prevent him from poking her face while she was sleeping.

For the most part, these dreams were quite comedic, and they gave William a sense of peace whenever this kind of dream visited him at night.

Chiffon arched an eyebrow as she gazed at Kenneth. For her, the silver-haired Elf was an enigma. All the Sins were born as girls, and there had been no exception in the past.

They were not like the Seven Virtues who were graced by a man as a member every now and then. The Seven Deadly Sins had a strict requirement, and all of them had been born girls. Even now, She, Princess Sidonie, and Lilith, didn't know what to think about the delicate-looking Elf who no doubt held the Sin of Sloth.

"Well then, I guess I'll go back to my room in the inn." William stood up and kissed Chiffon's right cheek. "I'm pretty sure that I'm currently not being monitored, but I don't want to take chances. Joash would become suspicious if he didn't see me in the inn if he checked up on me."

Chiffon nodded her head in understanding and kissed William back. Although she wanted to spend some quality time with her husband, she understood that his mission was very important as well.

"Take care," Chiffon said. "At the first sign of trouble, it will be best if you teleport to where Soleil is. You have already sent it flying towards the North, right?"

William nodded. The Half-Elf had always used Soleil to instantly teleport to a location of his choosing. This method had saved his life countless times in the past, and he would definitely use it if the circumstances called for it.

—---

"Ah, Will, before you go, I need to tell you something first," Kenneth said as he placed the empty tea cup on the table. "It's not a good hobby to poke girls in the face when they are sleeping. Girls need their beauty sleep, so you shouldn't disturb them just because you find them very beautiful."

William rubbed his chin as he eyed the silver-haired elf who was looking at him with a calm expression on his face.

"Did I ever mention that she was beautiful?" William asked.

"No, but…" Kenneth smiled. "I'm sure that the girl in your dreams is a beauty, no?"

William shook his head to deny Kenneth's words. "No. She was very ugly. Her face was stained with drool and her body was covered with dried leaves. If I had a flint, I would have gathered all the dried leaves and ignited it. Maybe, by doing so, that troublesome girl would have no choice but to move, or let those golden curls of her get turned into ashes."

The Half-Elf smirked before teleporting out of this Thousand Beast Domain. He didn't bother to wait for Kenneth's reply because he wanted to have the last words in their conversation.

In the end, the silver-haired elf looked at the place where William disappeared before closing his eyes. His lips moved as he said barely audible words that even Chiffon wasn't able to hear.

"You broke your promise," Kenneth muttered before his body relaxed.

Soon, he fell asleep while seated on the chair, no longer caring what was happening around him. His goal was to accompany William on his journey and keep him safe. Since the Half-Elf was fine for the time being, Kenneth decided to sleep to conserve his strength.

He had a feeling that some time in the future, he would need to use everything he had to ensure that the red-headed teenager who smiled at him back then, would not fall into the hands of darkness.