Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 977 - A Thousand Year Promise [Part 2]

On the third day, William's body was burning up with fever. Even someone as slothful as me felt a bit concerned about his well being.

Having no other alternative, I was forced to use my power to cure him. As an Elf, I knew how to wield Life Magic. I am just too lazy to use it most of the time.

But, something unexpected happened. The Magic I was so proud of, didn't work on him. It was at that moment when I realized that things were starting to get a bit out of hand.

I was put into a tight spot where I was forced to make a difficult choice. Allow this Human, who I had only known for only a short while, to die and return to normality, or cure him by sacrificing a bit of my energy.

'This is so troublesome. I don't want to do it, so I guess he should just die then.'

That's right. He should just die. Although I would have no one to talk to, and I would spend the days alone again, that was fine with me. After all, I had been alone for most of my life. I was only going to revert back to my everyday routine before meeting the Human stranger that suddenly appeared in my life.

'Yes. This is how it should be.'

That was the thought in my head when I made my decision to turn my back on him. As I gazed at the man that was dying beside me with half-opened eyes, I once again marveled at his silver hair, which had now been covered in dust.

His blue eyes, that were as clear as the blue skies back then, were dazed and had lost their luster. It was at that moment when I felt pain in my chest, which made me subconsciously reach out to him.

That was when I realized that my resolve to live alone for the rest of my life had crumbled to pieces.

Some Elves had a special ability that allowed them to pass their lifeforce to someone. This was stronger than any kind of healing magic because we would burn up our very own life essence to transfer it to someone else.

As one of the Elves that had this ability, I never thought that a day would come when I would need to use it.

As I wrapped my hair around William's body that was burning up, I carried him, as I walked to the river. This was something I would never do on normal days because I hated walking, I hated talking, and I hated moving my body for any reason.

I made sure to clean his body properly and removed all of his clothes. If I was going to pass a bit of my lifeforce to him, I wanted to do it when he was clean, not stinking, and covered in dirt.

"You better become a good pillow after this. I swear that I will not do this again."

Indeed. I would never do this kind of thing again. Once was enough, and only because it was an emergency. However, before I could start the ceremony, the annoying Human opened his lips and said something irritating to me.Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

"Ugly Monkey."

Out of reflex I tossed him towards the river in order to punish him. Fortunately, I remembered that he was being delirious due to the fever, so I hurriedly caught him with my hair, before he even fell into the water.

When I pulled him back to me, I saw that the bastard had lost consciousness. Good. I didn't like the idea of letting him see how I would save his pitiful life.

After speaking the ancient words of magic that activated the spell, I cupped his face and kissed his chapped lips. During that kiss, I felt a portion of my life force transfer to his body, forcefully repairing the damages that he had accumulated over his entire lifetime.

The scars on his back, the calluses on his hand, and the other hidden wounds and bruises in his body all started to heal at a rapid pace. The chapped lips that I had kissed suddenly became soft, and rosy pink, which surprised me.

After I pulled back, the power of the spell also faded. I only shared the equivalent of ten years of my lifespan to heal and cure his body, so I wasn't too affected.

Looking at his lean and toned body which looked healthier and more radiant, I found myself becoming somewhat attracted to him. This was the first time that I was looking at a naked teenage Human, and my curiosity got the better of me.

My hands moved subconsciously to probe his body. Touching his soft, silver-hair that I loved to gaze upon, his ears, which weren't pointy like an Elf's, and his handsome face, which I found more attractive than before.

'I guess this is the effect of the spell that I used to save his life. It is truly miraculous.'

My hands then wandered to other places. The me back then was very curious about this Human in front of me, so I let my hands investigate everything about him.

I poked his nose, ran my fingers across his soft lips, caressed his neck, pressed on his shoulders, and ever-so-slowly moved my hands towards his chest.

'Just as I expected, it's different from mine. Mine is soft, while his is hard. Is this really the chest of a man?'

Those were my sincere thoughts back then as I compared our chests with each other. Soon, my curiosity went downwards. My hands lightly rubbed the stomach where I lay each night, and his six pack abs left me wondering if I could have them as well.

When I lowered my eyes, I came face to face with his genitals, which made me unconsciously swallow. For some absurd reason, I felt my cheeks burning. This was something that I had never felt before, so I decided to investigate it thoroughly, to better understand why I was feeling that way.

I touched, flicked, pinched, and pulled on it. I almost cried out in panic when it suddenly grew and reared its head at me. Such a scary thing, I almost thought I got pregnant after touching it once!

It was at that moment when I heard a groan come from the Human that I was holding. When I raised my head, I saw William looking down at me with a "what do you think you're doing?" expression on his face.

I met his gaze head on and felt something snap inside me. My gaze didn't leave him, but my hand moved on its own, and flicked the little monster that had suddenly grown big without my permission, making William wince in pain.

"What do you think you're doing, woman?!" William shouted as he struggled to free himself from my hair that was holding his arms, waist, and legs in place.

Although I didn't want to brag, my hair is very firm and hard. Very few creatures were able to break from it once I had my hold on their bodies.

"I am just punishing this little thing!" I angrily replied as I grabbed the little beast and squeezed it with my hand. "This thing almost got me pregnant just by existing!"

William's pained expression, as I pulled on his manhood, made me realize that he had just recovered from his sickness, so I decided to let it go and threw him into the river to cool himself down.

'Oh, no! I touched that filthy thing. I am going to get pregnant at this rate!'

If my future self could only return to that point in time to talk to my past life, I would have definitely dug a hole, and buried both of us out of embarrassment. How can someone be so ignorant of the world?

Well, as someone who had been abandoned, I couldn't really blame the me of that time. I simply didn't have the knowledge for how to deal with the opposite gender, as well as the wisdom that every Elf my age should have.

After that small episode, our journey continued, which would later make me understand that the silver-haired teenager who was traveling alongside me, would become the focal point of my life, as someone who was meant to live alone for all eternity.