Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 978 - A Thousand Year Promise [Part 3]

Several months passed since that fateful day, and we finally arrived at our destination. The fabled land, where one could live the rest of their lives in happiness.

The Violet Ever Garden, a legendary place that we had found out of sheer luck after we met a traveling priestess who pointed us in the right direction.

I hated to admit it, but during those months of travel, William and I had gotten close to each other. Although he was still my pillow, I no longer treated him harshly, and he in turn, treated me well.

We became the best of friends who relied on each other as we faced the many obstacles that blocked our path. Now that I had arrived at my destination, I felt like the moment of parting was nearing.

"Do you really have to leave?"Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

I asked because I felt that if he really left me, I would never see him again.

"I don't want to, but I have to. There are people waiting for my return, and I still haven't tied up the loose ends on my part."

This was the answer he had given me back then, and for the first time, in my life, I felt so heartbroken that I felt like I was dying.

I knew that he didn't belong to my world, and sooner or later he would have to leave. I understood that and tried to treat him indifferently, and yet, he had bridged that gap, and found his place inside my heart.

Seeing my pained expression, William made a very difficult decision. He decided to stay for one more year so he could spend it with me. This small consolation made me very happy back then. I, who had resolved myself to live a lonely life, felt the sweetness of happiness and it made me feel like I was the happiest Elf in the world.

I was so happy that I felt so sleepy and told him that I would just take a short nap. This was the biggest regret of my life.

When I opened my eyes, and saw William, he looked back at me with tenderness and affection. Nothing seemed different, but there was a sadness on his face that couldn't be hidden by the smile on his face.

When I asked him what was wrong, he replied that I had slept for eight months, and his time to return to Midgard was nearing. The journey back to the Ancient Oak Tree, according to William's calculation, was three months.

This only left us a month to spend with each other, which made me feel remorse. That day, I cried. I blamed myself for taking things for granted, and had forgotten that the lifetime of Humans was different from my race.

William hugged me back then, and whispered words of assurance that we still had a month to spend together. Although it was a bit short, I decided to make the most of it, and used all of my willpower to prevent myself from falling asleep during that one month.

I was afraid that if I closed my eyes again, William would no longer be by my side when I woke up.

That month was the happiest month of my life. We toured the Violet Ever Garden, and saw many amazing scenes that were simply breathtaking.

When we only had two weeks left, I was starting to feel so anxious, that I no longer enjoyed our travels and simply held onto him, unwilling to let go. Perhaps, William noticed my fears as well, so we decided to make a return trip to the small house that he had built while I was sleeping.

One night, when the moon was full, and the stars littered the sky, I followed William to the river where he took his nightly bath.

He knew that I preferred that he cleaned his body before I used it as my pillow, so this had become his daily routine. Even when I was sleeping, he would lay my head on his belly just like he always did since he agreed to become my pillow.

I observed him from afar and was captivated with the sight that I saw. His wet, silver hair glowed faintly as it reflected the moonlight. Water droplets streamed down his strong and lithe body, which put me in a daze.

I had prided myself as someone very beautiful, but at that time, I sincerely felt that the silver-haired teenager who was bathing at the river, had surpassed my beauty.

I didn't know what possessed me back then, but I came out of my hiding place and went to him. The rustling of clothes echoed silently in the night, but it was more than enough for the young man in front of me to turn his head and look in my direction.

By then, I was no longer wearing anything, but I no longer cared. I didn't feel any embarrassment, only a longing that could be felt from the depths of my being.

When my feet entered the water, I felt that it was quite cold, and yet, there was a flame that burned inside my heart.

It burned for him.

It longed for him.

I could no longer hide the feelings that I had kept hidden in my heart. The moment I wrapped my arms around his naked body, I knew then and there that I was about to do something sacred. An act of love where I would pour my heart, body, and soul to him.

"Love me and make me feel complete."

Those were the words that I had said as my body shuddered in sweet surrender. Perhaps, he had also been holding back for a very long time, because he didn't resist my advances.

Under the moonlight, on that riverbank, we made love to each other. My hair served as our bedding, and the coldness of the night wasn't enough to soothe the blaze that burned brightly in our hearts.

We made love. Over and over again, until we could no longer move. As we lay in each other's arms, he spoke the words I had wanted to hear. The words that I was born to hear.

—---

"I love you, Acedia."

"I love you too, Will."

—--

That night, we talked about many things. William promised me that he would return the next time that portal between the two worlds opened, and when that time came, he would take me back to Midgard, so that the two of us could live, and build a family, together.

I agreed, and only asked for a lock of his hair, that I could keep with me, while I waited for his return.

Several days passed since that night, and we spent everyday making love to each other. It was as if we were animals in heat, that longed to mark each other and make each their own.

Finally, the time had come for him to leave. After kissing me one last time, and renewing his promise, he set off and traveled towards the Ancient Oak Tree, where he would return to Midgard.

Just a few minutes after he left, I collapsed on the bed, and slept. I had tried to stay awake far longer than I should have.

I had reached my limit and my body had automatically entered a state of hibernation in order to return the natural balance of my body to its former state. The lock of hair that William had given me was placed on a small pouch, and hung on my neck like a protective charm.

I wished that when I opened my eyes again, the one whom I had shared my heart with, would once again be by my side.

During that long sleep, I dreamed.

I dreamed of William's journey back to the Ancient Oak Tree and his return to Midgard. I saw him go to the place where the Lady of the Lake dwelt, and realized then and there that the b*tch was also in love with MY William.

Fortunately, her charm didn't affect him because he was no longer a boy, but a man who had entered the steps of adulthood with her.

I sneered when I saw the smile of the Lady of the Lake crumble as William told her about his journey with me. However, my celebration didn't last long because I clearly saw that the fire of determination had appeared on the beautiful lady's face. I could only hope that MY William would be able to resist her charms for a year.

Unfortunately, two months later, when William was dead drunk, due to a celebration in his father's residence, he wandered towards the lake to have a chat with the Spirit that resided in it.

He was in his most vulnerable state, and the Lady of the Lake used an aphrodisiac that she claimed to be a cure for his drunken state to ensnare him.

I cursed, howled, and cursed some more as the b*tch had her way with the silver-haired young man who had promised to marry me.

William had no recollection of what happened when he woke the next day because that was one of the effects of the aphrodisiac that was given to him. After that incident, life continued as if nothing had happened.

Finally, the time for him to return to the Ancient Oak Tree had come. However, on the day he was about to leave, several invaders, who came from foreign countries, had set foot on their lands. William had been forced to fight alongside his father's men in order to repel them from their homeland.

This was his first battle… and to a certain extent his last. I saw him fight valiantly as he faced the enemy fearlessly.

My heart bled for him, and my tears fell like a river when I saw someone stab him in the back with a sword after saving one of his companions. That blow wasn't enough to kill him, and he beheaded the person that attacked him from behind.

The battle had been intense, and it only ended when William killed the last invader who hadn't fled from the battle.

I wept bitter tears, when I saw him look up at the sky to call out my name. He said he loved me one last time, as he took his final breath, standing up, like a true warrior. A warrior that his father only recognized after he had died.

As I watched the love of my life stand tall amidst the dead people that lay on the ground, a group of Valkyries arrived at the battlefield.

I witnessed the Valkyrie Captain called Wendy pull William's soul from his body, and take him to Asgard.

My sadness disappeared because I felt that there was still hope for the both of us. I noticed that William clearly remembered me, and he had tried many times to escape Asgard to return to Midgard to come and find me.

However, as the days passed, his memories started to disappear. After several months of trying to keep me in his mind, the last vestige of our time together finally vanished without a trace.

When Ragnarok arrived, I saw how valiantly he fought on the frontlines, and watched how he struggled until the end. As he lay down on the ground, unable to move, I appeared before him and hugged him tight.

"Who?" William asked as he looked up to me.

"Acedia," I answered.

William was only a step away from death, and his breathing had also become laborious, but he still looked at me as if trying hard to recall something.

Perhaps, it was a miracle, or perhaps it was Lady Fate pitying both of us, but William finally remembered who I was.

"I'm sorry," William said as he raised his hand to touch my face. "I broke my promise. I'm sorry."

"Yes, you did," I replied as I held the hand that was caressing my face. Although it was still warm, it had slowly started to feel cold, and knew that our time together was not long.

Surtr, the God of Destruction, raised his sword and gathered the flames that would destroy the entire world, and bring an end to an era. He then swung his sword towards the Einherjar and the Elf whose tears streamed down their faces.

"I'm sorry… I'm really sorry."

"... Then promise me this. Next time, you will not break your promise to me."

William took a labored breath as he gazed at the person whom he had loved many years ago. "If there is a next time then yes. I promise."

I smiled before shaking my head.

"I don't believe you," I said. "You will break your promise again, so I decided I'll be the one to look for you next time. I don't know how long it will take, but when that time comes, I will wrap you in my hair and never let you go again."

William smiled as he used the last embers of his life to tell me his heartfelt feelings.

"I love you, Acedia. Promise me that you will find me in our next life."

"Don't worry. No matter where you go, no matter where you hide, I will find you."

I lifted William's head, and gave him one last kiss as the flames of destruction fell on our bodies. It wasn't the ending I had envisioned for our love, but there was nothing I could do about it.

—---

Thousand Beast Domain…

When I opened my eyes, it was already morning.

I wiped the tears from my eyes as I got off from my bed, and headed towards the window. To my surprise, I saw a red-headed teenager walk towards the Villa with a smile on his face.

It seemed that something good had happened in the outside world because that was the only reason I could think of for him to have that smug expression on his face.

Opening my window, I gave him a smile, which he returned with a wave of his hand.

"Good morning, Kenneth." William greeted.

"Good morning, Will," I greeted him back.

"Have you had breakfast yet? Why don't we eat together?"

"Sure. I'd love that. But, there is a question that I'd like to ask you, Will."

William tilted his head in confusion as he stared back at me. "A question? What question?"

"Do you remember your promise?" I asked with a smile.

"What promise?" William blinked. "Did I promise you something?"

I chuckled and shook my head. Just as I expected, this numbskull had once again forgotten the promise that he made to me.

Fortunately, I remembered, and because I remembered, I would make sure that, this time around, he would fulfill the thousand-year-promise that he had made to me.