Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 980 - Do Your Worst, You Fiend!

"Bro, you are going to tame that?" Kira asked with a doubtful expression on his face. "These Elephants are known to be very fierce. Even Warlords don't dare to tame them because if the other members of their herd sense that they were captured, they would immediately come to their rescue."

Athrun who had recovered from his shock walked towards William with a serious expression on his face.

"There was once a rich merchant who captured one of those elephants and brought it to the city he ruled just to brag to his friends," Athrun said. "A week later, a herd of Flying Armored Elephants descended from the sky and annihilated the entire town out of anger. They are a tight-knit group, so no one in their right mind would try to capture them."

"That's right," Vesta, who had also walked up to William, stated. "Even the Demon Lord thinks that they pose too much of a danger to be tamed. Besides, these beasts will not yield even in the face of Death. You're just wasting your time."

William's eyes sparkled after hearing that these beasts could attract their comrades to help rescue them. If that was the case, wouldn't that mean that he would gain more Flying Armored Elephants without the need to actively look for them?

"I hit the jackpot," William muttered as he gazed at the struggling six-meter tall elephant, which was being kept in a tight hold by Sha.

The elephant raised its long nose and trumpeted loudly as it tried to break free from the sands that bound its body. Kira's heart trembled as he scanned his surroundings. He was afraid that the Elephant's herd would hear its calls and come to annihilate all of them.

The Half-Elf walked towards the Elephant with a devilish smirk on his face as he took out the new, and improved, tool that he would use to tame the Beast that was in front of him.

"Behold! Butt Destroyer Version 2!" William declared as he summoned a four meter long spiked spear that looked so sinister that Kira and Athrun felt a sense of dread that made their bodies subconsciously shudder.

The Elephant glared at William in disdain as it looked at the weapon in his hand. As one of the toughest creatures in the Demonic Continent, it was not afraid to charge into an army that was armed to the teeth.

"Do your worst, you fiend!" the Elephant shouted using telepathy. "I will not yield even in death! My brethren will avenge me! You can run, but you can't hide from their wrath!"

The Half-Elf ignored the Elephant's words and asked Sha to uncover the other elephant who was still trapped inside the dome of sand.

After the other Elephant saw its comrade, it trumpeted in anger and struggled as much as the other did.

"I have encountered many beasts," William stated as he walked towards the rear of the Elephant. "All of them were prideful creatures. But, in the end, they still yielded and submitted to me. You will not be an exception."

"Keep dreaming!" the Elephant roared. "I am the proud son of the Blood War Clan. I will not submit! Do your worst!"

"We'll see about that," William sneered as he aimed his Butt Destroyer Version 2 at his target. "Make the world tremble, as you show them your unrivaled might, Butt Destroyer Version 2!"

"Requiescat in Pace!"

With a precision that would put even Gungnir, the Spear of Heaven, to shame, William thrust the diabolical spear towards the one place that would make any creature weep bitter tears.

Suddenly, the Elephant trumpeted so loudly that a powerful shockwave pushed everyone away from where they stood, with the exception of William who had borrowed Sharur from his wife, Chiffon.

The Smasher of Thousands roared in laughter when he saw the scene in front of him. However, his laughter came to an abrupt halt when he realized what William was planning to do with him.

"W-Will, don't do this man," Sharur's body shook as he realized that the Half-Elf had planned to use him to hammer the spear and embed it deeper in the Elephant's body. "Can't we just all get along well and settle this in a peaceful manner?"

"I am settling this in a peaceful manner," William replied as he lightly tapped the spear that was firmly stuck on the Elephant's bum using Sharur. "Oi, I am going to start. Tell me when you are ready to submit, okay?"

Vesta, Kira, and Athrun, all looked at this scene in disbelief. They all simultaneously covered their backside as they walked away from the Half-Elf who was preparing to smash his mace to the butt of the spear to embed it deeper into the Elephant's body.

"Ah, just so you know, I know healing magic," William said. "I will remove this spear from your body and heal your internal injuries. Then I will repeat it again. We will do this over and over until you give up. Don't worry, I am a vampire, I can do this all day and all night."

The Elephant who was watching his comrade get pegged shuddered at the thought of experiencing the same fate. It looked at William with fearful eyes as it subconsciously clenched its butthole in the fear that the black-haired teenager would shift his attention to him.

Just as Wiliam was about to smash the mace to let the Elephant experience a world of pain, a trembling voice reached his mind.

"S-Stop! I concede," the Elephant pleaded. "I will submit to you."

"Eh? But I still want to smash your bum."

"Please. Have mercy. I've already surrendered. Can't we talk this out like proper civilized creatures?"

Zhu and Sha, who had personally gone to capture the two Elephants, suddenly felt a strong urge to apologize to them for letting them suffer under William's hands. They believed that no creature, no matter how evil, should be subjected to such torture.

"Fine," William sighed as he pulled the bloody butt plug from the Elephant's rear. He then turned his attention to the second Elephant, which made the latter's entire body tremble uncontrollably. In the end, the second Elephant didn't put up a fight and immediately submitted to William.

Vesta, Kira, and Athrun glanced at each other in fear when they saw how William made the two Elephants submit using a method that no one in the Demon Realm had dared to use in the past.

To be perfectly honest, William only needed to use his taming skill to forcefully make the two Flying Armored Elephants submit. However, his hands were feeling itchy and wanted to use the tried and true taming method that he had invented in the past.

After using his ability to formally add the two Elephants to his herd, the bindings on their bodies disappeared completely.

"Do you have names?" William asked as the two Elephants kneeled in front of him.

"My name is Gluteus," the second elephant who had instantly surrendered to William replied.

The first elephant who had still gotten over the trauma it had experienced replied half a minute after his comrade did.

"My name is Maximus," Maximus answered.

William smiled as he rubbed his chin. "Gluteus and Maximus. These are good names. Very well, from now on, you are my subordinates. Relax, I won't mistreat the two of you. As long as you stay loyal to me, I'll ensure that both of you will reach heights that you have never reached before."L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

The two Flying Armored Elephants glanced at each other before sighing inside their hearts. For the first time in their lives, they wished that none of their brethren would come to find them.

They were afraid that if they were to really appear to rescue them, the devilish teenager in front of them would be laughing in joy because he would acquire more elephants to test the effectiveness of his Butt Destroyer Version 2 once again.