Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 981 - Can I Be Part Of Your World As Well?

Shannon shuddered as she hastily put down her brush. The scene that she had seen just now was something that she didn't want to see ever again.

"I didn't know you were this evil," Shannon cursed as she gazed at the canvas in front of her. "I misjudged you!"

The drawing of a teenager, who was caught in the act of thrusting the diabolical tool in his hands into the backside of the Flying Armored Elephant, was revealed on Shannon's canvass. The scene was so vivid that anyone who saw it would feel a sense of dread at the barbaric practice that would make anyone have the strong urge to cover their backside.

Shannon had seen more gruesome things, but she was sure that the vivid scene she saw would forever be retained in her memories.

"I need to burn this," Shannon muttered as she conjured blue flames in her hand. "I need to burn this fast."

As soon as the last word left her delicate lips, the entire canvas blazed in blue flames. The flames didn't burn the canvas into ashes. Instead, it slowly erased the image that had been painted on it.

A few minutes later, the entire scene disappeared and only a blank, white, surface remained. Traces of the barbaric and vile act were nowhere to be found, but Shannon was no longer in the mood to draw.

She had been following William's progress ever since he had returned to Hestia. Shannon would paint him everyday, and see his adventures unfold. It would not be an exaggeration to say that she could only see the world through the Half-Elf's eyes now.

Even so, she was fine with that. After witnessing his battle against the Pseudo-God, Apophis, the young lady who was sealed inside the shrine in Hesia Academy, her interest in William grew by leaps and bounds.

Although she had many other favorite subjects to paint, the red-headed teenager was now on the top of his list. She would go into a trance every day in trying to connect to him, so that she could become part of his journey and record these scenes on her beloved canvas.

Unfortunately, there were times when she connected with him at the wrong time, which allowed her to see things she didn't expect to see.

Like the time when William made love to Belle. It was a happy accident and Shannon felt the emotions that they shared pass through her heart.

Shannon drew that scene while her cheeks burned in embarrassment. As someone who couldn't leave her shrine, seeing these kinds of things made her realize that she knew very little of the world, and how lovers interacted with each other in private.

The young lady sighed as she stared at her paint-stained hands. Everytime she painted, she would be so immersed in her creation that she wouldn't notice that the paint had gotten on her hands.

Hands that created many wonderful things, and yet, those creations were not of her own. They were simply the lives of the people who were living in the world.

"It's not fair…," Shannon muttered as a purple smoke started to rise from her body. "Why me? Why me?! Other people can walk outside and play with their friends. They can sing songs, and dance to entertain people.

"They can swim in the rivers and seas, travel in the ocean, and fly in the sky. And yet, I am not able to do any of those. Why? Why must it be me? Why must I suffer such a fate?"

The purple smoke expanded and covered the entire room, as it continuously escaped her body like the smoke on a bonfire that was blazing brightly.

"Maybe, if I didn't bear this sin… I would also be out there… with him," Shannon said softly as she reached out towards the canvas. "It's not fair. I didn't ask for this… I didn't want to be born like this…"

The moment his hand touched the white canvass in front of her, a small purple wormhole started to spin at its center. Slowly, but surely it expanded until the image of William's camp appeared in her vision.

The Half-Elf was currently taking a nap inside his carriage, while lying on Charmaine's lap, who was also asleep. William was sleeping peacefully, as if the scene where he had impaled the Elephant's backside without mercy earlier hadn't happened.

Shannon reached out towards the purple vortex until her right hand passed through it.

"If I didn't bear this sin, would you have accepted me like the others?" Shannon asked as her hand crossed time and space to softly pat William's head, who remained asleep.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

A sad smile appeared on her lips as she caressed William's face. "I wish you had talked to me more. I wish that you had visited me more."

She then reluctantly pulled her hand back because she felt that the Half-Elf was about to wake up. Shannon didn't want anyone to discover this special ability of hers, which could transcend great distances, and travel through time and space.

"Tomorrow. I will once again accompany you tomorrow," Shannon said sleepily as she stood from her chair and walked towards her bed. "I hope that when that time comes, you will show me something wonderful. Something that will make me happy, sad, angry, and excited."

As Shannon lay on her bed, the black smoke continued to rise out from her body. Her sin was flaring up, and she had no choice but to endure its effects on her own.

"Someday, I hope that there will be someone like you to help me when my Sin goes out of control," Shannon muttered as she closed her eyes. "Just like what you do with my sisters when they suffer from the Sin that they carry."

Tears fell from her eyes, as pain wracked her entire body.

Shannon had long been used to the pain, because she had been enduring this all of her life. Even so, she still hated it. The feelings of helplessness and loneliness were real, and she was longing for something real.

A memory that belonged to her.

A scene that belonged to her.

She, who spent her days watching other people live their lives, longed for the moment when she could live her own life.

She longed for the moment when she could walk and run under the sun. For the time when she could sing and dance to make the people important to her happy. More than anything else, she also wanted to feel loved.

Just like her sisters, who had chosen the Half-Elf to become their significant other, had. A person, whose existence could make her heart skip a beat, and make her forget that she was someone who was trapped inside a small shrine, unable to step outside of its boundaries.

'Will…. Can I be part of your world as well?' Shannon wondered as the pain in her body intensified. She didn't know the answer to her question. All she knew was that the day she stepped outside the shrine that bound her in place, the world that she saw through her canvass…

Would finally be hers for the taking.