Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 983 - Did Any Of You Ask For My Permission

"I've never seen a slave trader threaten an entire city all by himself," Kira said with a serious expression on his face. "Bro, you sure have guts."

"Of course I have them, you don't?" William replied with a smirk.

After the incident with the City of Ajento, William's infamy grew. News had started to spread throughout the different cities about a certain slave trader who owned two Flying Armored Elephants, and used them to get his way when the guards, as well as the mayors, refused him entry.

The status of the cities he had traveled through, especially those he had needed to use the Elephants as a threat to get his way, spread like wildfire and had been the talk for the past few days.

Currently, William's group was traveling through a mountainous area. This part of the Demon Realm didn't have any teleportation gates around, so they had no choice but to travel the normal way.

Suddenly, the flying carriages started to descend because something unexpected had happened in front of them.

They seemed to have been caught between what seemed to be a territorial war between two clans, and Athrun's coachman decided to signal the others to tell them that they needed to make an emergency landing in order to prevent a misunderstanding that could have them attacked by both sides.

William and the rest disembarked as they gazed in the distance where thousands of warriors from both clans faced off against each other. In the air, harpies and gargoyles formed their ranks. This was a standard battle formation that most demons employed when they were going to war because of territorial disputes.

"Any idea which clans are fighting?" William asked as he rubbed his chin. This was the first time that he had seen a war between demons, and his curiosity got the best of him.

"One-horned Clan and the Greenskins," Vesta replied. "They have been at odds with each other and have been fighting over each other's territories for the past few years. This will just be like any other war here in the Demon Realm. Nothing much has changed since then."

"Since when?" William asked as he glanced at the green-haired beauty beside him.

"Since we lost the war in the Silvermoon Continent," Vesta replied as she gave William a side-long glance. "A war that we lost to your father."

The Half-Elf shifted his gaze back to the fight that was about to start. Although he had participated in war in the Southern Continent, he didn't find it to his liking.

The tears that fell on the day when the curse had turned all the adults into crystals was enough to drown a kingdom.

ᰍaꪧda ᱅o᱇ꫀl. The death toll among the children and teenagers who had died in that war was staggering enough that even the number of Elves that died during that final battle was nothing compared to what the Southern Lands had lost.

What the Southern Lands had lost that day still lingered in William's heart.

Although the ones fighting each other now were Demons, and not Humans, or Elves, the effect would be the same. Some of those Demons had wives, sons, and daughters, who would weep when they died in battle.

Suddenly, the sound of blow horns spread across the battlefield as both sides shouted their war cries. Soon, they all charged at each other. A battle on land and in the air was about to be waged and blood was bound to be spilled and dye the battlefield in the colors of war.

Vesta, Kira, Athrun, and the rest of their retainers watched from the side as spectators. Their blood boiled because they were a race that didn't shy away from war. They didn't care who won or lost because this was part of everyday life in the Demon Realm.

In some corners of the continent, similar wars were being waged. The current war between the One-Horned Tribe and the Greenskins was just a drop in the bucket, and no one would care even if both sides wiped each other out.

At least, that was how the battle should have played out.

As the two sides were about to formally clash with each other, something incredible happened, which made Vesta, Kira, and Athrun, as well as their retainers, look at the battlefield with widened eyes.

An individual appeared in the center of the battlefield and summoned a gigantic golden staff that swept away both sides in a domineering manner.

The Demons that were caught by the surprise attack were sent flying in the air like dried leaves being swept by a broomstick. The elders and experts of both clans were by no means weak. However, in the face of such overwhelming strength, there was nothing that they could do.

None of the people that William had sent flying were hurt. He had imbued Ruyi Jingu Bang with healing magic, so at the moment of impact, an instant regeneration spell would take effect.

The golden staff hit them like a truck, and it hurt like one, but this pain didn't last long as the injuries in their bodies started to heal.

In just a minute, the war that had just started, was brought to an untimely end.

Everyone gazed at the domineering figure that sat on top of the gigantic golden staff and felt their heart shudder.

"Tell me, you bastards… who asked you to start a war with each other while I am passing through?" William asked in a tone filled with arrogance. "Did any of you ask for my permission?"Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

His question was like thunder that rang in everyone's ears. The two warring clans had no idea who he was, so they were unable to form a coherent reply to his question. This was the first time that they had seen a Demigod who wielded a gigantic golden staff that could obliterate all of them with a single sweep.

"F-F*ck, are you for real?!" Kira stuttered as he asked the question that had appeared in his head.

Athrun took a deep breath as he stared at the black-haired teenager whose cape fluttered in the breeze, while standing on the tip of his golden staff. He didn't expect that the person he kept calling Big Brother was this formidable and it made his blood boil in excitement and respect.

In the Demon Continent, everyone revered strength. Those with the bigger fists dictated the rules. It was the law of the jungle, and everyone had accepted this iron-fist rule since time immemorial.

This was why the Demon Lord could only be a Demon Lord if he was the strongest of the Demons. The Demon Clans wouldn't recognize a weakling as their leader, and this was why the title of Demon Lord was not hereditary.

Although Felix was called a Prince, that title would only be his while his father held the throne. The moment Lucien, the current Demon Lord, stepped down, his title would be revoked and he would lose the influence he currently possessed.

Vesta, who had long wondered why her father didn't try to apprehend William back at the Fortress City, gazed at the Half-Elf with appraising eyes. As someone who had reached the Millennial Rank at an early age, she now finally understood why her father, Joash, decided to talk to William in a civil manner.

Right now, she felt that William's image in her mind had suddenly grown so big that it even surpassed the image of her father, whom she had worshiped ever since she had started to understand the rules of the world she had lived in.