Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 984 - Looking At Things In Black And White

Hestia Academy…

After William had left Hestia Academy, Aila had been feeling uneasy. She had wanted to ask the Half-Elf a few things, but she just couldn't summon the courage to talk to him face to face.

Because of this, she decided to ask the person who was close to William, whom she trusted very much.

"Eh? You're having dreams about a silver-haired William?" Conan blinked one then twice after hearing Aila's story. Both of them had gotten along really well ever since William had introduced her to him.

Aila nodded. "I've been having these dreams. Seeing places I've never seen before. Also, I've interacted with the Silver-haired William many times."

Suddenly a blush crept along her face as she covered her cheeks with her hands. "We even kissed."

Her voice was so low that Conan wasn't able to hear her words properly. In the end William's familiar decided to ask Aila several questions in order to better understand the dreams she was having.

"Okay, so how old is this silver-haired WIlliam in your dreams?" Conan asked.

"He looked young. Perhaps not more than twenty?" Aila replied in a tone that was filled with uncertainty."

Conan nodded. "Can you tell me about names and places? Names of people will also work."

"Vanaheim, Asgard, oh… I also saw Wendy in my dreams," Princess Aila replied. "She had these wings. I think she was called Captain Wendy, and that silver-haired William belonged to her squadron."

Conan was about to bite on the potato chip in his hands when he suddenly dropped it after hearing Princess Aila's words.

"C-Come again?" Conan stuttered. "I think I didn't hear you properly the first time."

"Oh. I said that the name of the place where I stayed was Vanaheim, and we had these allies that came from Asgard. William was one of those so-called Einherjars and he belonged to Wendy's squad, who was called a Valkyrie Captain."

"Hold that thought. I'll be right back!"

Conan hurriedly left Princess Aila's room as he flew off to find Elliot. He felt that he wouldn't be able to handle this revelation alone, so he decided to call for backup.

Twenty minutes later, Elliot and Conan arrived in Princess Aila's room and the angelic familiar pressed the Princess with questions in regards to the dreams she was having.

"Is there anything else that you want to add?" Elliot asked with a serious expression on his face. After hearing Conan's explanation, he decided to accompany him right away to return to Princess Aila's room.

If what his twin said was right then Aila might be one of the people that William had interacted with when he was still an Einherjar back in Asgard.

Princess Aila shook her head because she had already told the two familiars everything. Elliot and Conan exchanged a glance and both of them had the same expression on their face.

"Okay, let me get this straight," Elliot crossed his arms over his chest as he stared at the Princess in front of him. "You and the silver-haired William had a romantic relationship, but your parents and the elders of the Vanir didn't approve of it. Because of this, you were forced to erase all of his memories of you, or your race would torture him until he gave up, correct?"

"Yes," Princess Aila replied. "I know it sounds crazy, but I also don't understand what is going on. Am I sick or something?"

"Well, I don't think you are suffering from a sickness," Conan replied. "At least, not the sickness that you are thinking of."

Elliot remained silent as he pondered the next words he was going to say. As someone who fully understood William's current situation, the angelic familiar was a hundred percent sure that what the Princess was dreaming about was her past life before the time of Ragnarok.

After a few minutes of silence, Elliot finally voiced his thoughts.

"Let's say that what you saw in your dreams was real," Elliot stated. "That they are memories you have of your past life that are surfacing in your subconscious mind when you are asleep. The question is, what do you plan to do with it?

"Do you plan to pretend and let things continue the way they are, or do you plan to talk to William about it?"

Princess Aila lowered her head and bit her lip. She was currently unsure of what she wanted to do because, even she, didn't understand her current feelings towards William.

Her Big Brother, Crown Prince Alaric, of the Zelan Dynasty, asked her to form a good relationship with William, and if an opportunity appeared, she would seduce him so that the two of them could be tied in marriage.

This would strengthen their kingdom as well as open new opportunities for them to expand in the Central Continent through her marriage with William.

Princess Aila was conflicted because she wasn't a very courageous person. Even if someone gave her a push, she would abruptly stop her feet and not dare to take another step. The Half-Elf was an existence that she had respected during the war in the Southern Continent.

ᰍaꪧda ᱅o᱇ꫀl. A person that had turned the tide of battle and avenged the heartache of all the citizens which had been caused by the Elves. Now, William was surrounded by many beautiful women, and all of them were either his wives or lovers.

Princess Aila felt insecure because the hurdle that she had to jump over was very high.

"To be honest, I don't know what to do," Princess Aila answered after organizing her thoughts. "I was hoping that the two of you could give me some advice on how to approach this matter."

Elliot chuckled. "Advice? If I tell you to jump on top of the Bell Tower of this academy, would you do it?"

The angelic familiar shook his head. "Princess, what you need isn't advice, but understanding of what you really want."

Elliot pointed to his chest, where the heart was located. "What does this want? If you give yourself some time to understand what you really feel, without caring about responsibilities, or how other people would perceive you, that is when the answer will come to you."

Conan nodded his head in agreement with Elliot's words.

"In the end, the one who has to make the decision will not be us, but you, Aila," Conan stated. "Just know that whatever you decide, I will give you one hundred percent of my support. However… you need to hurry a bit. Am I right, Elliot?"

"Right," Elliot replied with a smirk. "You see, William had limited slots in his heart. According to the current status quo, there is only one spot remaining."

Princess Aila tilted her head in confusion. She didn't understand what the two familiars were talking about.

Seeing the confused expression on her face, Elliot explained William's current circumstances. After hearing everything, the Princess became quiet because she didn't know that she was already running out of time.

—--

Inside Celeste's room…

"Chloee, let me ask you something," Celeste said as she looked at her familiar who was busy eating a chocolate bar, right after she had finished eating dinner.

"Whaz izz eatt?" Chloee asked in between a mouthful of chocolate.

Celeste placed her palms in her lap as she eyed Chloee with a serious expression on her face.

"If William really is the Prince of Darkness, do you have the resolve to kill him?" Celeste asked.

As one of the bride candidates of the prophesied Prince, she had already considered the possibility of the Half-Elf becoming the Prince that everyone had been dreading to arrive.

Chloee swallowed the chocolate inside her mouth and put the chocolate bar down as she stared back at Celeste whose current mood was unreadable.

"I can't kill the person I like," Chloee replied. She was Celeste's familiar, so it was impossible for her to lie to Celeste even if she tried.

"This 'like' of yours, what kind of like is it?" Celeste asked. "Like between a Master and her student? Or that you like him as a friend?"

Chloee smiled. Instead of answering Celeste's question, the little familiar asked her Master a question of her own.

"If William really is the Dark Prince, can you find it in your heart to kill him?" Chloee asked.

"Yes. If it is necessary then I will kill him."

"Good answer, but you're thinking too much. William is not the Prince, your sister has already confirmed it."

Celeste couldn't refute Chloee's words because she was the one that personally inspected Celine's body for the Prince's markings that were said to appear on their bodies.

"Maybe I made a mistake back then." Celeste insisted. "Let's just say that William is still suspected to become the Prince. If I were to fight him, which side would you be on?"

Chloee pondered for a bit before answering Celeste's question. She believed that they had reached a crossroad, and indecision wasn't an option.

"Celeste, I am not very smart. However, when I make a decision, I will follow my heart," Chloee answered. "If the time comes where William and you are about to fight to the Death, I will choose what my heart tells me."

"So, you will side with him?"

"I didn't say that."

"So, will you side with me?"

"I didn't say that either."

Celeste pouted because Chloee was being stubborn. Her violent familiar had a straightforward personality, so she wanted to have a concrete answer from her.

"Then, what is it?" Celeste asked. "What choice will you make when that time comes?"

"Celeste, you are looking at this in black and white," Chloee answered as she picked up the chocolate bar that she had put to the side. "There is always a gray area. Who said that the Dark Prince is an evil being? Granted, if it were anyone aside from Will, I would not hesitate to go for the kill.

"However, Celeste, you haven't seen the things I have seen. You haven't seen the battles that we fought together. If that person were to really turn into an evil being as everyone is assuming, then I can only use these small hands of mine to break the chains that binds him."

Celeste shook her head helplessly after hearing Chloee's answer.

"Is that the answer of a familiar that is in love?" Celeste asked.

Chloee ignored Celeste's question and bit into the chocolate bar in her hands. Seeing that the little fairy didn't plan on answering her question, Celeste sighed and left her alone.

As she walked into the hallway, Chloee's sincere and heartfelt words echoed inside her head.

"I'm looking at things in Black and White?" Celeste muttered. "Perhaps, I am. But, that doesn't change anything. I will do everything to protect my sister and me from our fate. If William is really the Prince in the prophecy, I will not hesitate… and go for the kill. I just hope that when that time comes, we won't clash with each other, Chloee."Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com