Chapter 985 - In Pursuit Of Happiness

Chloee sat on top of the giant sword of Hestia Academy as she ate the snacks that William had given her before he left for the Demonic Continent.

After her short talk with Celeste, the little fairy's mood suddenly took a nosedive, so she resorted to the one thing that could make her feel better, and that was to eat!

As she was munching on potato chips, chocolate bars, and cheese curls, her sister, Claire landed beside her.

"You know, Celeste only said what she did because she wanted to know your stance in regards to William," Claire said as she sat beside her sister, whose cheeks were bulged outwards like a hamster whose cheek pouches were full.

After chewing and swallowing everything inside her mouth, Chloee glanced at Claire and offered her a chocolate bar, which the latter politely refused.

"You know, back then, this Prince thingy was more simple," Chloee said as she tore off a portion of the chocolate bar and ate it. "If he appears, we just need to beat the crap out of him until all of his insides turn to mush. But, after these past few months, I've placed more thought on the matter and thought about it carefully."

"Oh my~ my sister actually used her brain for once and thought about something important?" Claire said in an exaggerated tone as she placed a hand over her forehead. "Is the sun going to rise in the West tomorrow?"

Chloee only smirked at her sister's blatant teasing. Just like Celeste, Claire understood her better than anyone else.

"I hate it," Chloee stated as she waved her chocolate bar as if it was a weapon for war. "This whole prophecy mumbo jumbo thing."

"You only hate it because William is one of the candidates right?"

"Yes."

Chloee had no reason to lie. After making William her Disciple, and spending some time with him, she started to understand him better. The little fairy had known what was sacred to the red-headed teenager, and the things that would make him go ballistic.

Because of this, she found him very "human-like". Back then, Chloee thought that the Prince would be an arrogant and merciless individual who would just use force if he didn't get his way.

Whenever she thought about William being one of these Prince candidates, she became very irritated. She wanted to shout to the world that her Disciple wasn't a psychotic person, and shouldn't be lumped up with the rest of those hooligans that the academy had listed as candidates for the Prince.

"I think this all started when the two of you fought for the first time," Claire said as she stared in the direction of the Demonic Continent. "Did you fall in love after he fought you fearlessly knowing that he was still going to lose in the end?

"I think he is the only one aside from the Demigod, Tarasque, who has met your full-powered attack head-on. Did his performance move your heart? Isn't this also the reason why you made him your Disciple even after he had lost to you?"

Chloee continued to eat her chocolate bar in silence. She could still remember the first battle she had with William as if it was only yesterday. Back then, the red-headed teenager had used his Einherjar form in order to compensate for the disparity between the two of them.

For their last exchange, William used his World End Tempest to meet Chloee's Overwhelming Strike without backing down, resulting in a powerful explosion that gave both of them serious injuries.

Even so, Chloee's ability to recover was stronger than William's, which made her the winner of the match.

"He was so beautiful back then," Chloee said softly as she looked at the moon. "Like someone who was burning his life in order to win an unwinnable battle. Although he didn't shed any tears, I felt his heart crying. It was as if he was losing many important things just by existing.

"The attack he gave was very heavy. It was as if he was carrying the burdens of all the people in the world in that one strike. At that moment in time, I sincerely felt that I was fighting against the strongest being in the world, even though he was far… far weaker than me."

The little fairy sighed as she drank a mouthful of the hot chocolate drink that she had prepared earlier.

"When I went to look for him in the Forbidden Grounds, I found myself in a world that is different from our own," Chloee continued her explanation. "It was a world deprived of magic, with many tall structures that are even taller than this sword we are sitting on. There were metal birds, that they called airplanes, flying in the sky, and metal carriages on the ground that didn't require any mounts to pull them called cars.

"According to Elliot, the name of that world is Earth. That was where William lived in his past life, before being born in our world."

Claire listened in fascination as her sister described the world called Earth to her. She was quite surprised when Chloee mentioned that William had once lived there as a sickly person before being born again in Hestia. For her, the concept of Reincarnation was a tricky thing. Although she was still doubtful about her sister's words, she decided to believe in her for the time being.

"In that world, there is this person named Belle," Chloee continued. "She was a very ordinary girl. She's pretty, but not as beautiful as Celeste or Princess Sidonie. In fact, I am more beautiful than her."

Chloee's tone was filled with confidence, which made Claire giggle. Since her sister had said that Celeste was more beautiful than the girl named Belle, it was only natural that Chloee was more beautiful than her because she was an exact copy of Celeste, the only differences being her hair and eye color.

"That girl is so frail, that a normal monster here in our world could kill her without fail." Chloee sighed. "But, she was still someone that William had loved in his past lifetime. Even now, he still loves her. Did you know? When William married her, these snot-nosed people called politicians came to attend their wedding?

"In my understanding, those prime ministers, kings, and presidents were the rules of their respective countries. Yet, they still went out of their way to personally attend a marriage between William and that ordinary girl, Belle. It was a sight to see. Ah, the food I had during the wedding party was very good. It's quite unfortunate that I can no longer eat them in this world."

Claire shook her head helplessly because her sister had suddenly drifted away from the topic because of her memory of the food she ate. Fortunately, it didn't take long before the little fairy once again talked about William.

"When I found out that William loses his memories whenever he uses that Einherjar form, I felt very sad. Although the memories he loses are all about that girl, Belle, I still felt a bitter aftertaste in my mouth, you know?DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

"If I was in his place, and I started to forget about you and Celeste, I wouldn't know what to do. If using that kind of power would make me forget about the Headmaster then I wouldn't mind it one bit. But, you and Celeste are two of the most precious people to me. Fortunately, when I use my abilities, the backlash isn't that severe. As long as I don't use more than seventy percent of our powers, I will definitely not die."

Claire sighed. Both her and Chloee could only use up to 70% of their abilities. Going above that and their bodies wouldn't be able to accept the load and break into pieces. In truth, Chloee and her had already resolved themselves that, if they were to face the Dark Prince in battle, they would sacrifice themselves and use 100% of their powers in order to bring him down with them.

If that was the only way to keep their Master, Celeste, safe then they didn't mind ceasing to exist. They had been born for that sole purpose, and no one would be able to stop them from doing what they needed to do in order to get the job done.

"I can't do it, Claire," Chloee said after a few minutes of silence. "I can't fight against William. I just can't do it."

"Then, I will fight in your place," Claire replied. "If I die then you should take Celeste and escape. Can you do that for me?"

Chloee shook her head. "You also know that I can't do that. Although I can't fight him, I can hold him in place so that you can deliver the final blow. I just want you to promise me one thing, Claire."

"And that is?"

"Kill us together. I don't want to live in a world without him. Maybe, I can be his lover in his next reincarnation. When that happens, I will probably be happy."

Claire patted her sister's back who had returned to eating her snacks. Both of them were familiars, so she understood that it was impossible for Chloee to be together with William. Even so, if her sister wanted to die with the person she loved then she would respect her decision and wouldn't hold back.

For the first time in her life, Claire prayed to the heavens. She prayed that her sister, Chloee, who only knew how to beat people up, would one day find the happiness that she rightfully deserved.