Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 987 - Tell Me, Who Is Stronger, Your Demon Lord Or Me?

(Disclaimer: I changed the Redskin Clan to Greenskin Clan. The reason? I don't want to have any misunderstandings, so I did it this way. Enjoy your chapters Kekeke.)

"Your Excellency, may we know who you are?" a middle-aged man with a single horn on his head asked. He was the Patriarch of the One-horned Clan. In truth, he was quite relieved when William had appeared and stopped the war.

His Clan was the one being attacked by the Greenskin Clan, and was only forced to fight against them because they had been backed into a corner. If possible, he didn't want the war to continue because he knew that the ones who would lose in the end would be them.

Opposite him was another Demon, who was the current Patriarch of the Greenskin Clan. They were the aggressor in this conflict, and declared war on the One-horned Tribe for the sake of expanding their own territory, and making the opposing Clan their vassal.

"Your Excellency, my name is Dozedar, the Patriarch of the Greenskin Clan," Dozedar said politely. "I would like to invite you to our residence after this war is over. I promise upon our Clan's name that you will be treated as an exalted guest and will be given everything that you wish for. If possible, I humbly ask, His Excellency, to let us handle our differences and settle this within the laws of the Demon Realm."

William glanced at Dozedar who was looking at him with an amiable smile. He had jumped in to stop the war out of instinct, without knowing the reason behind why the two Clans were having a conflict. Even so, since he had already made his move, he would be damned if he allowed the fighting to continue.

"Dozedar, was it?" William smiled as he gazed at the two-meter tall red-skinned Demon, whose bulky body wouldn't lose to a body builder. "Who gave you permission to start this war?"

"Your Excellency, this war was started based on the laws of the Demon Realm. We are merely doing what our ancestors did long ago," Dozedar replied. "Wars in the Demon Realm don't need anyone's permission. Only the Demon Lord can intervene in conflicts against Clans."

"I see," William smiled. He then smashed Ruyi Jingu Bang into the face of the Patriarch of the Greenskin Clan and sent him flying hundreds of meters in the air.

Soleil, that was floating in the air, smashed Dozedar back to the ground, making him crash in front of William. The Half-Elf then grabbed the demon's hair and pulled his head up, so that he could stare at Dozedar's bloody face.

"You just said that wars in the Demon Realm didn't need anyone's permission, right?" William asked with a devilish smile on his face. "Since that is the case, how about I declare war on your Clan? How does that sound?"

He was still in his Heroic Avatar Form. An existence that transcended the limit of mortality, and had stepped into the Demigod Rank. In the Demon Continent, there were only four Demigods.

Each of them was capable of destroying entire kingdoms if they wished for it, so William's words were like the roar of thunder that passed through everyone's ears. The Greenskin Clan stared at William in horror because there was no way that their Clan could resist such an existence.

If he really wanted to wipe out their entire Clan, they would all be wiped out without having the strength to resist.

"M-Mercy, Your Excellency," Dozedar said through bloodied lips. "I didn't mean it that way. We are only…"

"You are only, what?" William asked back. "Be careful what you say next. I am itching to cause a genocide. Your Clan will be a good place to start."

Dozedar gulped down the words he was planning to say. He couldn't possibly say that they started this war just to annex their neighbor and hold a bigger territory. With nothing good to say, he was forced to keep his silence.

William tossed Dozedar to the ground and glanced at the Patriarch of the One-Horned Clan who had kept his silence through the entire ordeal.

"Tell me the real reason why this war started," William ordered. "If you lie, I will kill you and wipe out your entire Clan."

The patriarch bowed as he introduced himself. "Your Excellency, my name is Polox and I am the Patriarch of the One-horned Clan. This war was declared upon us by the Greenskin Clan in the hope that they can annex our territory and make us their vassals."

William arched an eyebrow as he gave Dozedar, who was lying on the ground, a side-long glance before shifting his attention back to Polox.

'Optimus, what do you think?'

< He isn't lying. > ʀᴇᴀᴅ ʟᴀᴛᴇsᴛ ᴄʜᴀᴘᴛᴇʀs ᴀᴛ ꜰʀᴇᴇᴡᴇʙɴᴏᴠᴇʟ.ᴄᴏᴍ ᴏɴʟʏ

The synchronization level of the system had been upgraded after William's adventures in the Deadlands and on Earth, right now, its synchronization rate was at 62%, which allowed the system to unlock more of its capabilities.

Right now, Optimus was a portable lie detector that William could use to interrogate anyone, similar to how the Demigods knew if the person they were speaking to was lying.

"I see." William rubbed his chin in understanding.

Suddenly, an absurd idea popped inside William's head as he scanned the faces of the One-horned Clan, as well as the Greenskin Clan. He didn't know if it would work, but there was no harm in trying.

"You see, I am planning to build my own influence in the Demon Realm," William stated. "Would you guys like to become my vassals?"

Kira, Athrun, and Vesta who were observing the discussion from a distance almost couldn't believe what they heard. They all exchanged glances before looking back at the black-haired teenager who had a devilish smile on his face.

"Your Excellency, are you asking if we want to become your vassals?" Polox inquired in a respectful tone.

"Yes." William nodded. "Your enemies will be my enemies. Any Clan who dares to create conflict with you must go through me first. How about it? Are you interested?"

Polox stared at William as if he was a Messiah that had descended from the heavens to save them. Only a fool would reject being a vassal of a Demigod.

The Patriarch of the One-horned Clan was no fool. The moment William offered to become their Lord, he thought he was just mishearing things, so he decided to ask for confirmation. Now that William had made his intentions clear, Polox was more than happy to hug his thigh and never let go!

"The One-horned Clan pays respects to our Lord!" Plox knelt to pay homage to William.

""The One-horned Clan pays respects to our Lord!""

Just like Polox, every member of the One-horned Clan was very happy to have a sturdy umbrella that would protect them from the wind and the rain. They gazed at William as if he was a God, and offered their sincerest gratitude to him.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

"Well, now that all of you have recognized me as your Lord, it is time for me to do my role and protect you from these Demons that want to take your lands," William stated as he turned his head to look at the Greenskin Clan, who all had panicked expressions on their faces.

"Y-Your Excellency, please, have mercy," an old man from the Greenskin Clan walked forward and bowed to William in a respectful manner. "We do not wish to have any conflicts with you. Our Clan will pull back from this war and compensate the One-horned Clan for the transgressions we have made."

The old man was one of the Elders of the Greenskin Clan, and his words carried a lot of weight. Right now, they didn't dare to offend William because it would mark the end of their tribe.

Challenging a Demigod was akin to suicide. They would rather lose face, and compensate the One-horned Clan than face total annihilation.

"I refuse," William said as he crossed his arms over his chest. "You only have two options. Become my vassals or be exterminated. Also, your position would be second to the One-horned Clan. If you don't accept my condition then all of you can go pack up and go back home to wash your neck. I will be visiting you shortly, so be sure to prepare your coffins."

William then released the overwhelming presence of a Demigod to give the Greenskin Clan a fright. Some of them even fainted because this was not a force that ordinary mortals could face headon.

"T-This, Your Excellency, I'm afraid that the Demon Lord will not agree to this," the Elder of the Greenskin Clan commented. "We are one of the many vassals of the Gremory Clan. If we change our allegiance, the Demon Lord will surely come to wipe us out."

The Half-Elf chuckled after hearing the old man's attempt to save his Clan by using the name of the Demon Lord in order to make him backoff.

Truth be told, William had long wished to whack Lucien's and Felix's heads for what they had done to Chiffon. With the power and army he had at his disposal, the Half-Elf was not afraid even if he had to face the Demon Lord whose current rank was at the peak of a Saint.

A Saint could barely contend with a Myriad Beast at its peak, let alone a Demigod who could slap a Myriad Beast to death.

"Tell me, who is stronger, your Demon Lord or me?" William asked with a smile that didn't reach his eyes. "Tell me, if you have to choose between your whole Clan being exterminated right now, or being exterminated later by the Demon Lord, what will you choose?"

The old man gulped because this question reminded him who he was dealing with. Between the Demon Lord and a Demigod, who would he choose? Both had the power to wipe their entire Clan off the face of Hestia. Both were beings that they dared not offend.

However, if he was really forced to choose between the black-haired teenager and the Demon Lord, he would definitely pick the former. After all, even the Demon Lord had to tread carefully when dealing with a Demigod.

"O-On behalf of the Greenskin Tribe, and our vassals, I hereby pay respect to our new Lord," the old man declared as he shakily knelt in front of William.

The other members of his Clan glanced at each other before kneeling on the ground to pay tribute to him as well.

""The Greenskin Clan pays respect to our Lord!""

Dozedar grit his teeth as he glared at William. However, he too knelt in front of him because in the face of absolute strength, all tricks were meaningless.

William knew that the Patriarch of the Greenskin Clan was still reluctant to submit to him.

'It doesn't matter,' William thought as he gazed at Dozedar. 'I'll just feed one of his arms to Medusa later.'

The Patriarch of the Greenskin Clan shuddered after William gazed at him. He instinctively felt that if he made the wrong move, his life would come to a horrifying end.