Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 991 - The Greatest Adventure Of His Life

Three days after the feast that was hosted by the One-horned Clan…

Vesta stared at the stars in the sky as she sat on the balcony of her room. The One-horned Clan had treated them as VIP guests, and they were given the best accommodations inside the Patriarch's residence.

Polox and his Clan only had one city under their control, and it was only home to around a hundred and fifty thousand demons. They were a Clan that could be found at the bottom of the hierarchy, whose only hope of survival was to pledge themselves to someone that had a strong backing.

In the Demon Realm, those who manage to stand on their own without being attacked by the other Clans were a minority. Only influential families, and Clans whose roots had been around for thousands of years, were capable of weathering the wind and storm.

For Polox, William's appearance was a Godsend.

Vesta also felt this way. Although she had only met the Half-Elf for a short period of time, she could feel that William was someone who carried many burdens on his shoulder. Adding a few more Clans in the mix wouldn't change much, so he didn't hesitate to acknowledge them after getting Optimus' assurance.

"Is this the confidence of the strong?" Vesta muttered as she stared at the star-filled sky that extended for miles. "I wonder what he is doing right now?"

Right after Wiliam had accepted the allegiances of the five clans that had traveled to see him, he asked them to go back to their respective territories and tell their people to prepare to migrate in three days' time.

At first, the Patriarchs were dumbfounded by William's declaration. However, since they were previous nomadic clans, traveling was a way of life. Since that was the case, they thought that they wouldn't lose anything if they listened to their Lord's order.

Earlier in the day, William had set off to visit the territories of the five clans, and asked Vesta to remain in the city of Wimborne, to serve as deterrence just in case the Greenskin Clan tried something funny, while he was away.

Although the Greenskin Clan had submitted to the black-haired teenager, he didn't trust them, so he excluded their clan in the move that he was planning to make.L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

ɴᴇᴡ ɴᴏᴠᴇʟ ᴄʜᴀᴘᴛᴇʀs ᴀʀᴇ ᴘᴜʙʟɪsʜᴇᴅ ᴏɴ ꜰʀᴇᴇᴡᴇʙɴᴏᴠᴇʟ.ᴄᴏᴍ

Kira and Athrun were having a drink on the balcony of Athrun's room, as they discussed the things that had happened in the past few days. They thought that their journey to the North would be a boring one, but lo and behold, they found themselves witnessing something that they had never expected to happen.

"Back when I first met Will, I just intend to buy a few slaves to make a good impresssion on Lady Vesta." Kira shuddered. "I even had the thought of being domineering in order to get more brownie points. Fortunately, I didn't, or else I might have been on the receiving end of that giant golden staff. Just thinking about it makes my cheeks burn."

Athrun chuckled as he nodded in understanding.

While not as extreme as Kira, he also thought of doing the same. Now that he had seen what the black-haired teenager was capable of, he felt like his eyes had been opened and realized that he was just a frog in the well. A frog that could easily be crushed if one of the major powers in the world were to step on his face.

"So, what do you have in mind?" Athrun asked. "As you know, I have already separated myself from my family. I have no attachments to them, unlike you who are still bound by your family's laws."

Kira sighed as he drank the wine in his hand. When he saw William taking the five Clans under his wing, he was very tempted to return to his own clan and ask his family to do the same. Unfortunately, their Clan was firmly rooted at the Fortaare Desert, and already content with their way of life, under the rule of another Clan.

The Desert Clan, which Kira belonged to, was considered one of the lucky ones. They had become vassals of a wise Lord, who didn't promote war, and took good care of his people. This was also why the Desert Clan prospered, and had become a medium-sized Clan in the Demon Realm with three cities, whose combined population numbered a little more than a million.

"Well, I'm sure my grandfather would not agree," Kira commented after a few minutes had passed. "I guess, I'll just have to hug William's legs for now, so that my Clan can have a second option in the future."

Athrun smiled and nodded his head. "Having a backup plan is good as well. Still, we don't really know much about Will. Perhaps Lady Vesta knows more about him, but I don't know if she's willing to share this information with other people. What do you think?"

"I think that she will not tell us anything even if we ask," Kira replied. "For now, let's just observe and see how this incident will play out. Five clans breaking away from their previous Lords, as well as making the Greenskin Clan forcefully break their ties with the Gremory Clan, will definitely have consequences in the future.

"I know that Will is strong, but can he really fight against the Demon Lord and the Clans that support his back? What do you think, Athrun?"

The scholarly Demon placed the winecup on top of the table before leaning back in his chair.

"What do I think?" Athrun asked back with a smile. "I think a storm is coming and, for good or worse, we'll find ourselves in the eye of that storm."

Kira chuckled nervously because Athrun was right. They were indeed caught up in this mess, and it would be easier to go their separate ways with William in order to minimize the losses that they might suffer in the future.

Even so, Kira didn't want to do that.

He felt that if he stayed beside the black-haired teenager, he would be at the front seat of the greatest adventure of his life.