Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 992 - The Start Of An Unforgettable Night

Merton, the Patriarch of the Steel Fist Clan, welcomed William into his Clan's domain. As nomads, most of them lived in tents made from beast skins. The insignia of a black fist, fluttered on the flags of their homes, showing that they all belong to the Steel Fist Clan, who once ruled vast areas of land in the Demonic Continent.

However, that was a past long forgotten. The war many years ago had forced them to leave their ancestral lands and journey to the East, in the hope that they would find a place that they could call their own.

Unfortunately, things didn't go their way. A migration of tens of thousands of people was impossible to hide, and the Major Power of the land they had traversed thought that this was a good opportunity to make them a part of his dominion.

"Lord William, welcome to our humble abode. Welcome to Venzor," Merton, as well as his aides, bowed to William.

William smiled and nodded his head. "Are all of you ready to migrate?"

"Yes," Merton replied. "However, I have received dire news that the Lords of the other clans that had sworn their allegiance to you, Lord William, are now being surrounded by their previous Masters. It seems that the news spread right after the feast, and all of them have been placed under house arrest."

William frowned when he heard this news.

"Thank you for telling me this news," William stated. "How about your previous Master? Did they not receive this news as well."

Merton sighed as he nodded his head. "Actually, they did. I'm afraid that their forces are marching in our direction as we speak."

The Half-Elf snorted as if to assure Merton that he didn't have anything to fear.

"Let's worry about that later," William said. "For now, tell all of your people to enter these portals. I will take you to a place that will become your new home."

William waved his left hand and dozens of portals appeared behind him. He had already talked to Chiffon, Princess Sidonie, and Ashe about his plan to migrate the Demons to the Thousand Beast Domain.

Surprisingly, his three wives had all voiced their approval, and were even looking forward to seeing the new residents that would make the Thousand Beast Domain more lively.

William's plan was to let everyone travel under the cover of darkness, so that no one would see them go. However, since the news had already spread, the plan didn't get its desired effect. Even so, the Half-Elf wasn't too bothered.

After he had successfully placed all the members of the Steel Fist Clan inside his Domain, he would give the Major Clans, who had put his vassals into house arrest, a piece of his mind.

As a nomadic Clan, the Steel Fist Clan was a very orderly group. They allowed the old people, women, and children to enter first, while the rest of the men stayed behind in order to serve as guards, just in case their previous Master chose to strike them when they least expected it.

In just a span of a few minutes, thousands of Steel Fist Clan Members had stepped into the Thousand Beast Domain, and were surprised by what they saw inside it.

William had decided to let Ella, his wives, and the Elves, to guide the others to their new home. Several of the Beasts were also there to assist, including the Angray Birds, Kasogonaga, and the Centaurs.

The scary beasts that belonged to his King's Legion were nowhere to be seen. He didn't want to scare the Steel Fist Clan at the get go, so he decided to let the "decent looking" monsters welcome them to their new home.

The Half-Elf had a feeling that if he allowed the Goblins, as well as the carnivorous beasts, stand near the portals, the members of the Steel Fist Clan would panic and some of them might even suffer heart attacks due to the scare that they saw right after they entered their new home.

"Are all of these foods?" Medusa asked with sparkling eyes as she stood beside Chiffon.

"They're not food, Medusa," Chiffon replied with a serious expression on her face. "You're not allowed to eat any of them. If you do, I'll eat you."

The little Gorgon's entire body shuddered as she collapsed where she stood. She then weakly held onto Chiffon's waist as if to apologize for her words that were spoken from her heart.

"It's fine, Medusa," Chiffon patted her head. "There will be plenty of opportunities to eat in the future."

Seeing that her Master had forgiven her. The little Gorgon nodded her head happily as she once again looked at the Demons who were coming in droves.

The Half-Elf had kept her inside the Thousand Beast Domain ever since she left the island, and this was the first time that she had seen so many Demons in one place.

The Migration lasted in less than an hour, with Merton being the last to enter the portal. Till the last minute, he had stayed behind in order to protect his people from the army of their previous Master.

Fortunately, they didn't appear, so he entered the portal with a peace of mind.

When the Patriarch of the Steel Fist Clan entered the Thousand Beast Domain, he found himself in a lush place that William had personally chosen for their clan to stay for the time being.

It was right outside the borders of the Deadlands, which would become their future home, once they had gotten used to their new surroundings.

"Do you like it?" William asked as he appeared behind Merton.

"It is beautiful," Merton answered in a heartbeat. "I can feel that the land under my feet is very rich, so farming will not be a problem."

The patriarch then pointed at the river that was flowing freely not far from where they were standing.

"That river is also situated in a good location," Merton stated. "We will not have any problems settling in this place, Lord William."

William smiled as he nodded his head. "I'm glad you liked it. Now, allow me to introduce you to my wives."

The Half-Elf made a gesture and three beautiful ladies walked beside William.

"This is my wife, Chiffon. She is half-dwarf and half-demon," William said. "These are my other wives, Princess Sidonie of the Kingdom of Freesia in the Southern Continent, and Ashe, my confidant. Their words are my words. Treat them the way you treat me, for they are the precious ladies of my life."

Merton and the rest of the members of the Steel Fist Clan all bowed their heads respectfully to their Master's wives.

"Tell your Clan to settle down for the time being," William stated. "Merton, you will come with me. I am not familiar with the layout of this part of the continent, so you will guide me to where the other Clans are located. It's time to bring our friends here as well."

Merton nodded and his expression became serious. He felt sorry for his acquaintances who were now being monitored by their previous Masters and prevented from leaving their Domains.

William on the other hand, had a devilish smile on his face. He had a feeling that the ones that spread the news were the Patriarchs who had decided to leave the feast and return to their Domains.

Perhaps, in order to gratify themselves to their Masters, they decided to tell them about their acquaintances' plans, so that they would be rewarded for their loyalty. The Half-Elf had a feeling that this would happen, but there was nothing he could do about it.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Unfortunately, they made the wrong move. They had no idea of who William was, and what he was capable of.

This was the Demon Realm, and the Half-Elf was just starting to understand the rules that were set in place—a world where the lives of others were treated as disposable pawns, and hope was just a faint whisper that reached nobody's ears.

As the countless stars twinkled in the night sky, a Half-Elf riding a Flying Armored Elephant drew closer to the place where his vassals were being kept. Lightning snaked in the depths of his eyes, and the faint rumblings of thunder spread across the heavens.

This was going to be a long night.

A night that the Merton, and the Patriarchs who swore allegiance to William, would never forget.