Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 993 - A Smile That Held The Promise Of Vengeance

"I treated your clan well, Karath, and this is how you repay me?" a Demon with the facial features of a tiger asked.

"Treated us well?" Karath, who had been bound in chains with blood oozing out of the wounds on his body, asked in sarcasm as he gazed at the right-hand man of the Patriarch of the Rajah Clan, Javan.

"You treated us as slaves!" Karath, who was the Patriarch of the Nightshade Clan, shouted. "For many years we endured. Today, we will endure it no longer!"

Karath's and his Clan's features were similar to Humans, except for their very pale skin, red eyes, and tattoos that covered their arms and legs. They were born like this, and were a unique race that could only be found in the Demon Continent.

One of their abilities was to create very fine silk threads, using their bloodline ability when they were under the light of the full moon. These silk threads were highly prized by merchants because the artisans and tailors, who were employed by the nobles, preferred to use these threads when weaving clothes for the nobility.

Since they fetched a very high price on the market, the Rajah Clan had kept them in their iron grip, placing sentries to always watch over their movements.

Karath had managed to leave because he made an excuse that he would visit the Patriarch of the One-horned tribe in order to trade for food and supplies. These two Clans had been doing this for the past few years, so the sentries allowed Karath to leave.

They knew that he wouldn't escape and leave his people behind, so they were quite lax with his treatment.

This was why when they received news that Karath and his clan planned to rebel and submit to a new Master, the Patriarch of the Rajah Clan, Caspian, immediately sent Javan with his elite men to prevent them from leaving.

Caspian thought that he needed to show this new force that he was someone that he shouldn't provoke, so he decided to gather the rest of his troops before marching to the place where the Nightshade Clan was stationed.

Javan kicked Karath's chest, making the latter fall on his back with a loud thud.

"Our Patriarch is on his way with his army to ensure that this newcomer understands that there are people that he shouldn't provoke." Javan said as he spat on Karath's body. "Just because you saw someone with the strength of a Myriad Beast at its peak, you immediately knelt and begged him to save all of you? What a joke!"

Karath felt a stinging pain in his chest whenever he breathed. He assumed that some of his ribs must have been broken, but the words Javan said made him momentarily forget the pain he was suffering.

'Strength of a Myriad Beast?' Karath thought, while laughing in his heart. 'Those bastards. They wanted to play both sides. They didn't reveal Lord William's true strength, and only said that he was only as strong as a Myriad Beast.'

Karath didn't know whether he should curse or applaud the Patriarchs that had betrayed them. Clearly, they didn't tell their Lords about William's true strength. This could only mean one thing.

'They want the two sides to have a faceoff,' Karath mused. 'Once their Masters have lost their warriors, their clans would greatly weaken. They will then use this opportunity to flee without anyone to stop them. Well played you cunning bastards!'DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

The Patriarch of the Nightshade clan endured the pain he was feeling as he prayed for his new Master to come to their aid. William had promised them that they would no longer be alone, and he trusted his heartfelt words. Karath knew that as long as he endured, his new Master would come and show these oppressors who the real person who shouldn't be provoked was no matter what.

Soon, loud horns could be heard in the distance, and a sneer appeared on Javan's face. That was the signal that his Lord Caspian had arrived, bringing the troops that belonged to the Rajah Clan.

"Do you hear that?" Javan asked as he pressed his foot on Karath's chest. "That is the sound of the mighty. Remember this, whenever you hear that sound, you will remember that you and your clan are the dogs of the Rajah Clan!"

Suddenly, a loud trumpeting sound that came from a Flying Armored Elephant spread across the surroundings.

Karath laughed hoarsely after hearing that wonderful sound that heralded the coming of his new Lord.

"Do you hear that?" Karath asked. "That is the sound that spells your reckoning. Whenever you hear that sound, you will remember that you and your Rajah Clan are just mere insects in my Master's eyes that he can crush anytime!"

Javan snorted as he angrily kicked Karath for the second time, sending him smashing towards the wall of the room.

"Guard him," Javan ordered before giving Karath a side-long glance. "I'd like to see how this Lord of yours will crush a Major Clan that is a loyal supporter of the Demon Lord."

Karath could no longer hear Javan's words because he had already lost consciousness. Even so, if one looked closely at his face, they would notice that the corner of his lips was curled up into a smile.

A smile that held the promise of vengeance.

—--

A fifty-thousand strong army had arrived at the city where the Nightshade Clan was being held under house arrest.

Caspian looked imposing as he sat on the back of his Giant White Tiger. He governed a vast swath of lands in the Southeastern Region of the Demon Continent, and was recognized as one of the Overlords of the domain.

Someone blatantly challenging his rule made Caspian feel like tearing that person apart, and use their skull as his winecup.

The Rajah Clan was a clan of Tiger Demons that had faithfully served all the Demon Lords that had sat on the high-throne at the capital city of Mor'azeth. Because of this, they enjoyed a very high status in society, and were very confident in their position as one of the Demon Clans that had stood for more than a millennium.

With such a solid background, there were no other Clans that would openly defy them within the territories that were under their control.

It was at that moment when he heard the trumpeting of an Elephant in the distance.

As one of the demonic races that had very good eyesight, even during the night, Caspian was able to see the person whom the Nightshade Clan had sworn allegiance to. For a brief moment, his gaze and the newcomer's met.

"I am Caspian, the Patriarch of the Rajah Clan!" Caspian declared. "State your name, you fool who dares to steal what belongs to me! I swear that before this night is over, you will regret that you were ever born in this world!"

William chuckled as he looked down on the Tiger Demon whose eyes were burning in fury. He didn't bother to reply and merely snapped his fingers, creating several portals behind his back.

A loud screech, that came from Scadrez, William's Blood Eagle, spread across the night. Sitting on top of him was a rainbow-colored Anteater whose eyes sparkled in excitement.

Soon, thousands of Rainbow-colored Birds, who shouted profanities at the Demons, exited the portals in the sky. Lamassus, Undead Gargoyles, Undead Wyverns, three Bone Dragons, and thousands of Flying Scorpion Antz, hovered in the sky.

William pointed at the demonic army on the ground with a sneer on his face.

"Go and show them who's boss!" William ordered.

As if opening the floodgates, Scadrez screeched as it descended from the sky, which was followed closely by Wiliam's Aerial Legion.

Caspian hurriedly ordered his men to form ranks as they braced themselves to clash with the unknown army who didn't even bother to announce their faction. Just as he was about to order his men to use their ranged attacks to blast their enemies out the sky, he heard a shrill, yet adorable voice that made him feel a chill run down his spine.

The Patriarch of the Rajah Clan raised his head just in time to see a rainbow-colored Anteater, jump off the back of one of the flying creatures and curled itself into a ball. Its body then grew in size as several sharp spikes protruded from its body.

"I'M ROLLING!"

Many years later, the Nightshade Clan would always remember this scene fondly, when the rainbow-colored Deity of the Sky, descended from the heavens, and freed them from the chains that bound them to slavery.