Chapter 994 - YOU HATING? I'M ROLLING!

"Shoot that thing from the sky!" Caspian ordered as he pointed at the rainbow-colored wrecking ball that was descending on the front lines of his army.

He had brought an army that numbered over fifty thousand. He had sent five thousand of his elite men to accompany Javan to prevent the Nightshade Clan from escaping their control.

Right now, he had almost sixty-thousand Demon Warriors under his command, so he wasn't too worried about the forces that William had summoned.

Even if he added all the monsters the black-haired teenager had summoned, it would not even come close to fifteen thousand. Although the Bone Dragons were imposing, they were only at the peak of the Millennium Rank. He had dozens of beasts who had the same rank as them, so he wasn't intimidated by their presence on the battlefield.

Caspian glanced at the teenager who was seated on top of the Flying Armored Elephant with a serious expression on his face. According to the information that had been passed to him, the black-haired teenager was a Vampire whose strength was at the peak of the Myriad Rank.

The Patriarch of the Rajah Clan commanded three of such beasts, and he could summon them anytime he wanted.

"Is this all that you've got?" Caspian shouted in contempt. "Although your army can threaten small clans, it is nothing in my eyes. I'll make you understand why our Clan is one of the Major Clans in the Demonic Continent! Go and kill those beasts! Leave none alive!"

The Demons shouted their war cries as they hurled their long range attacks at a rainbow-colored wrecking ball that was only dozens of meters away from them.

Powerful explosions reverberated in the air as the spells collided with Kasogonaga. However, what happened next made the Demons gasp in shock.

A three-meter tall, rainbow-colored, spiky wrecking ball, pushed through the smoke and crashed on the front lines, sending blood and flesh flying in every direction.

"YOU HATING? I'M ROLLING!"

Kasogonaga was like an unstoppable bulldozer that mowed down everything in his path. The sight of body parts flying in the air as he made his way through the outer perimeter of the army made Caspian's skin crawl.

"Subdue it!" Caspian ordered.

Several of his Elite men transformed into Black Saber Tooth Tigers and clashed with the unknown monster, who was cutting through their defenses like hot knife through butter.

To everyone's horror, the Black Tigers were like pieces of chopped pork that were dropped into a meat grinder. Just like what happened to the front lines, the elite soldiers under Caspians' command were mutilated the moment they crossed paths with Kasogonaga.

Slamming his right fist on the armrest of his make-shift throne, a loud roar spread across the battlefield as a ten-meter tall Rock Troll appeared in front of Kasogonaga.

The newly summoned monster kicked Kasogonaga away, and sent him flying hundreds of meters away like a soccer ball headed towards the goal post.

Caspian was forced to bring out one of the Myriad Beasts under his command in order to prevent his subordinates from dying.

Kasogonaga undid his transformation and landed on the ground on his four limbs. He then stared at the Rock Troll with an arrogant expression on its face as if its appearance was just a joke in front of him.

"Scadrez! Come!" Kasogonaga ordered.

A screech answered his call from the sky, and the Blood Eagle descended toward the ground with its wings tucked into its body.

The rainbow-colored Anteater jumped on its back as Scadrez circled the battlefield.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

"Will, I'll let you handle that Rock Troll," Kasogonaga shouted with an adorable voice. "I'll kill the small fries first. Let's go, Scadrez!"

The Blood Eagle screeched in agreement as it flew towards the right side of Caspian's formation. Kasogonaga had entered the Myriad Realm not long ago, and he still hadn't consolidated its strength.

It was too early for him to face the Rock Golem, whose rank was at the Peak of the Myriad Realm.

William just chuckled after hearing Kasogonaga's strategic retreat. Right now, the rainbow-colored Anteater was the strongest among the members of his King's Legion. Since he could not beat the Rock Troll in his current state, none of William's other beasts would stand a chance against it.

"It's your time to shine, Soleil," William said as he summoned the spear that was smoldering red. Earlier in the day, he had allowed it to soar above the clouds in the sky to soak in the sun to charge up its power.

Soleil was one of William's most devastating weapons that was meant for wide area destruction. Although he had many weapons in his arsenal, Soleil was simply the optimal choice when the Half-Elf planned to burn an entire army to the ground.

"Bloom in the battlefield!" William shouted as he pulled his arm in preparation to throw the spear in his hand. "Fleur du Soleil!"

Soleil flew towards the center of the army's formation leaving a trail of flames that burned brightly in the night.

Caspian's sixth sense sent warning signals to his brain, so he hastily summoned another one of his Myriad Beasts, in order to deal with the new threat that was coming their way.

A powerful explosion shook the battlefield as Soleil collided with a flaming hand that mitigated the full brunt of its attack. The flames that raged out from the spear's body were quickly absorbed by the new Beast that Caspian had called out to counter William's deadly attack.

"Ancient Fire Elemental," William arched an eyebrow when he saw the six-meter tall beast that materialized in the air to block Soleil's destructive power. "Not bad."

William made a gesture and called Soleil back to his side.

Now that his army was facing two Myriad Beasts, he knew that it was about time for him to get serious. The Half-Elf raised his hand and the family heirloom of the Ainsworth Family appeared in his hand.

Stormcaller, the weapon that had accompanied William in his early childhood, sent out a thundering roar as storm clouds covered the starry sky.

Lightning snaked in the sky above the battlefield, and thunderous roars followed their wake. William's body shone brightly as numerous lightning sparks exploded around him.

The bodies of the Demons that were present in the battlefield subconsciously shuddered, including Karath and the members of the Nightshade Clan.

Even the members of the Steelfist Clan, who were watching the battle from within William's Thousand Beast Domain couldn't stop their hearts from trembling as the once starry skies above their heads, transformed into a lightning storm that spanned for miles.

Demons were quite weak against the lightning element, and it was one of the reasons why Humans and other races that were born with this power were hunted down by the Demon Race. They were afraid that if that person grew into adulthood, they would become a mighty weapon that the Humans, and other races, would use to threaten their existence.

"Lightning ever weaving, Thunder ever seeking, I call upon you now," William stated as he raised Stormcaller, and pointed its tip towards the sky.

The lightning bolts within the storm clouds merged together, transforming into a gigantic lightning dragon. It then opened its mouth to utter a mighty and thunderous roar that bathed the heaven in glorious lights that chased away the darkness of the night.

"The Power I wield would obliterate one and all," WIlliam roared. "Pierce through the darkness and hear my call!"

He then pointed his spear towards the Demon Army, making the lightning dragon look down on them from the heavens.

"Thunder God's Wrath!"