Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 995 - You Have Earned The Right To Know My Exalted Name

Caspian's desperate roar fell on deaf ears as his third Myriad Beast made its appearance. This was the trump card that he had kept hidden for decades, and he hated the black-haired teenager for forcing him to summon it in front of his entire army.

A dark-purplish mist manifested above the Demon army, and a screech of a giant bird with a wingspan of ten meters, faced the lightning dragon in defiance.

The two collided and a blinding light, followed by an ear-piercing explosion, spread across the battlefield.

Blood flowed from the ears of the Demons, as well as the beasts that were under William's command. The aftermath of the attack was so strong that a powerful shockwave sent the members of the Demon army, that were hundreds of meters from the point of impact, flying for dozens of meters from where they stood.

The Angray Birds had all been knocked unconscious by the shockwave, and became airborn bombs that fell from the sky and exploded upon impact.

Several demons died in this manner because they were still struggling from the loss of sight and hearing that had followed the explosion.

Merton, who was flying beside William, along with Karath and the Nightshade Clan, who were merely spectating the battle, also suffered from the backlash. Blood flowed out from their ears as their eardrums ruptured due to the overwhelming force that had surpassed their tolerance levels.

A defiant screech of triumph resonated in the sky, but only a handful of people were able to hear it.

William and Caspian stared at the Giant Black Bird with dark-purplish streaks at the edge of its wings. Lightning snaked around its body, highlighting its features, which were similar to those of a Black Peacock.

As a Vampire Progenitor, as well as the Emperor of Thunder, William felt a strong resonance to the giant bird in front of him.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Perhaps, the bird also felt the same because it stared at William with curiosity as it flapped its mighty wings to hover in the sky.

The Half-Elf used his appraisal skill to determine what kind of creature it was. Very few beasts below the Demigod Realm were able to take his full-powered, lightning attack head on with minimal to no damage.

This made William very curious about the identity of the bird, so he gazed at the information on his status page, while applying a regeneration spell to Merton, as well as his aides, who were all mounted on the backs of Lamassus' beside him.

—--

< Impundulu >

– Vampiric Lightning Bird

– Threat Level: Myriad (High)

– Peak Myriad Beast

– Cannot be added to the Herd

– The Impundulu is a vampiric creature that was said to feed on the blood of women. Legend has it that it was born from a lightning bolt, and could transform into a Human in order to seduce women and drink their blood, while making love to them.

– This creature was also known to become the servant of witches, or anyone who practiced witchcraft. They are immortal, and were often transferred from mother to daughter, and kept as a family beast companion through the ages.

– It is also said that this creature was a bringer of good and bad luck, depending on the situation when you meet it.

– Once this creature loses its master and becomes ownerless, it would become an unstoppable force of nature that would leave blood and destruction in its wake. Its appetite for blood is second to none and it would even settle for the blood of beasts, if there weren't any women around to be hunted.

– It is impervious to any attack in the world with one exception, and that is fire. But, no ordinary fire could kill this beast once it reached the Myriad Rank. Only flames that hold the whiff of Divinity would be able to damage its immortal body and end its life.

—---

"A vampiric lightning bird?" William muttered as he gazed at the Giant Black Bird who was still observing him from afar. "What are you? Some kind of Legendary Pookemoan?"

The Giant Bird didn't understand what a Pookemoan was, but it clearly heard the sarcasm in William's words, which made it screech at him in irritation.

The three Myriad Beasts stepped forward in place of the disheveled demon army on the ground who were suffering from momentary blindness and loss of hearing.

"Surrender, and I will allow you to become my subordinate," Caspian declared. "You will be treated well, and your rank will be only second to mine. Whatever you want, I will give you, so, why don't you join me in my faction?"

After seeing the black-haired teenager's abilities, Caspian would be lying if he said that he wasn't tempted to make him a part of his inner circle. If the Vampire wanted the Nightshade Clan in exchange for his servitude, he would gladly bestow them to him.

Although he would lose a good source of monetary funds, a powerful General's worth far exceeded the Nightshade Clan's value in coins.

"No thank you," William replied with an amused expression on his face. "Tell me, are you a man or a woman? How are you able to command the Impundulu if you're not a witch? Don't tell me, you're a woman pretending to be a man?"

Caspian's face became flushed as he stared at the teenager who was looking down on him with a curious look on his face.

He didn't know how the Half-Elf knew of the giant bird's identity, or what it represented. Within the Demonic Continent, only the witches knew about its heritage. Baba Yaga, the old hag, as many call her, was the first witch in the world of Hestia.

She was the one that taught witchcraft and dark magic to women, which allowed them to rise in the ranks of society and force the hierarchical Demon race to recognize them as equals.

"Are you sure you don't want to become my subordinate?" Caspian asked back. He didn't even bother to answer William's question and decided to ask his own. "I almost forgot. I still don't know your name. Who are you?"

The corner of William's lips curled up into a smile as he eyed the Patriarch of the Rajah Clan who side-stepped his question.

"Very well, you have earned the right to know my exalted name," William declared. "Listen to me, and listen carefully because I will only say it once."

Caspian stared at the black-haired teenager as he waited for the latter to state his name.

William raised his chin in arrogance as he pressed his right thumb over his chest before declaring his name.

"My name is Raymond Parker!" William declared. "Remember it, and remember it well, Caspian of the Rajah Clan."

"Raymond… Parker," Caspian muttered the foreign name and dug into his memories. As the Patriarch of a Major Clan, he was privy to the different clan names that were scattered in the entire Demon Continent.

—---

Somewhere on Earth….

"Achoo!"

Raymond, Belle's father, sneezed while reading his morning newspaper.

"Dear, are you feeling unwell?" Adele, his wife, asked with a worried gaze. "The weather has been changing frequently these past few days, maybe it would be best if you take a day off from the hospital."

Raymond shook his head as he held his wife's hand.

"Don't worry, I'm fine," Raymond replied. "However, I think that bastard, William, is cursing me from whatever world he is currently in."

"Dear, the name of William's world is Hestia."

"I don't care if it's Hestia or Bestia. I'm sure that no-good Half-Elf is making fun of me right now!"

Adele chuckled as he tried to pacify her husband, who was still grumpy because Belle was now married to the red-headed teenager who had returned to his world. Deep inside, she felt sorry for her daughter, but she was optimistic that both of them would meet again.

Belle had become the center of attention after William left, which forced the President of K-Country to surround her with Special Agents that would keep her fans, as well as those who bore her ill will, away.

"Well, how is she?" Raymond asked in a worried tone. "You said that her monthly period is delayed. Could it be that she's pregnant?"

Adele gave her husband a playful smirk as she pressed her hands over his chest.

"You're the doctor," Adele replied. "Shouldn't you be the one more knowledgeable about this thing?"

"You are her mother, and also a woman," Raymond countered. "Although I am a doctor, a woman knows her body more. What do you think? Will we be holding our granddaughter soon?"

Adele chuckled as she stared in the direction of the garden. "It is best to wait for a few more weeks. It is still too early, but I am hoping for the best."

Raymond sighed, but deep inside he had to admit that he was feeling a bit anxious as well. The image of the young lady with long black hair, tied in a ponytail flashed across his mind. Ever since he had seen her, he knew that she had the bloodline of their family running through her veins.

The head of the Parker family had a premonition that day, and he believed that his gut instinct was right. If the girl that he saw was really his future granddaughter then he was willing to forgive William a bit for taking his daughter away from him.

However, until the news was confirmed, it would be best not to get their hopes up, so the disappointment wouldn't hurt them too much if they discovered that it was only a false alarm.