Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 996 - Don't Play Favorites, Kiss Me Too!

"I will ask you one last time, Raymond Parker," Caspian declared as he stood from his makeshift throne. "Will you become my subordinate?"

"Don't make me repeat myself," William answered. "There is only one outcome for this battle today. Either you go back to your Domain and leave the Nightshade Clan alone, or I make you go back home by force."

"It seems that we both agree to disagree."

"Well, you're not wrong."

William stood up from the back of the Flying Armored Elephant and opened a portal behind him.

"Give me a minute, I will be back," William said before entering the portal, leaving Merton, his aides, Karath, and the members of the Nightshade Clan behind.

Merton and his aides felt a tremendous pressure fall upon their bodies as the three Myriad Beasts, as well as Caspian, gazed in their direction.

The Patriarch of the Steel Fist Clan felt his heart thundering inside his chest, as he grew anxious. He didn't know why William returned to the Thousand Beast Domain, but he was sure that their new Lord would not leave them alone in the face of such scary beings, who could end their lives with a single sneeze.

Just as Merton was about to faint from anxiety, William reappeared on the back of the Flying Armored Elephant.

As everyone gazed at the black-haired teenager, they noticed something very different about him.

Two horns had grown on his head, and a stubby spiked tail could be seen behind his back.

A few seconds later, Merton felt something incredibly alarming as he forcefully tore his gaze away from William. In just a span of a few minutes, the black-haired teenager looked incredibly attractive, that even someone as old as him felt his heart, skipping a beat.

"Caspian, are you sure you don't want to surrender?" William asked in a teasing tone. His voice that was overflowing with charisma was like a seductive whisper that fell on the ears of those who were still capable of hearing.

Caspian, who was looking at William, felt his heart tremble inside his chest. Right now, he was feeling a very strong attraction towards the black-haired teenager in front of him, and it was raising alarm bells inside his head.

'Incubus Progenitor!' Caspian hurriedly averted his gaze from the person who was looking down on him with eyes that seemed to see through his very soul. It made him feel helpless, and tempted to stare into those depths that held promises of pleasure and happiness.

"Retreat!" Caspian ordered! "Everyone retreat!"

Although most of the demons were still unable to hear, the gestures made by their Lord allowed them to understand his orders. One by one, they hastily backed away, as fast as they could.

William made no move to hinder them, and allowed them to leave as they pleased. The three Myriad Beasts, with the exception of the Impundulu, glared at William before covering the rear of the retreating army.

The Half-Elf stared at the Giant Black Bird and even motioned for it to come closer to him.

Unfortunately, the Impundulu was unfazed and even gave William a "better luck next time" wink before flying away.

The only ones that were left behind were the Demons who had died due to the attack of William's King's Legion.

All in all, over two thousand members of the Rajah Clan died. This was only a small number because the battle had ended quickly due to the appearance of the three Myriad Beasts that had prevented the increase of their forces' casualties.

William waved his hand. Suddenly, the Demons, as well as the Flying Scorpion Antz, that had died in battle with intact bodies, rose from the ground and were reborn as undead creatures.

'Thank you, Sidonie and Morgana, for lending me your strength,' William said to his two wives who were hugging him inside his Sea of Consciousness.

'You're welcome, Darling,' Morgana replied. 'But, I am quite curious. Why didn't you use the full power of your charm? Although it would have taken a while, you could have charmed that entire army and made them your subordinates.'

Princess Sidonie, who had her arms wrapped around William, shook her head.

'Will just doesn't want to cause unnecessary trouble,' Princess Sidonie explained. 'Although fighting against the Rajah Clan was inevitable, it would be a bad idea to take full control of their minds.'

'Eh? Why?'

'If the other Major Clans were to know that a Major Clan had become the subordinate of an unknown force, all of them would band together and hunt him down. This conflict with the Nightshade Clan is just a minor thing. Since that is the case, not escalating this matter is the best course of action, isn't that right, Will?'

William nodded before kissing Princess Sidonie's lips.

"You're right, Sidonie," William answered. 'Dealing with one or two major clans isn't a problem. The real problem is when all of them band together to deal with us.'

'Darling, don't play favorites, kiss me too,' Morgana said as she tiptoed to offer her soft, and sensuous lips to the man she wanted to have babies with.

William was more than happy to kiss Morgana and even allowed her to insert her tongue inside his mouth. After half a minute of intense kissing, the lustful lady pulled back before giving William one last peck on his left cheek before letting go of him.

Morgana was still unconvinced, because she was confident in the power of her Divinity. She believed that no matter how many armies came, all they needed to do was merge with William and charm everyone.Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

That way, her husband would have tens of thousands of Demons under his command, which would make the other clans fear him.

William could read what was going through her mind, but he simply shook his head. He had already raised a commotion in the Demon realm and taking it up a notch would be highly detrimental to him.

He once again opened a portal to the Thousand Beast Domain and returned his two wives to the Villa before heading back out. Now that the threat of the Rajah Clan had been neutralized, it was time for him to heal the Nightshade Clan's injuries.

That way, they could all start to migrate to his Thousand Beast Domain. There were still several places that he needed to visit in order to rescue his new vassals, who had sworn allegiance to him.

Those newly raised Undead members of the Rajah Clan would be perfect for that job. He was sure that some of the Clans had been paying close attention to the battle from far away, and had already sent their reports to their Masters.

Since that was the case, William believed that he would have a much easier time in rescuing his retainers.

As someone who had made a Major Clan retreat, his enemies would know that it would be a bad idea to antagonize him.

The migration of the Nightshade Clan took a bit longer than expected because all of them had been injured due to the battle that had just ended.

After healing the heavily injured Karath, the Nightshade Clan all felt a strong sense of belonging to William's faction. Some of them were even excited to migrate to the Thousand Beast Domain after seeing how he managed to make the Rajah Clan retreat in haste.

The Demons worship powerful figures, and William's elegant and charismatic gaze made them feel strongly attracted to him.

Although Princess Sidonie and Morgana had now left William's body, the aftereffects of their Divinity were still in effect. For at least half a day, as long as William equipped his Incubus Job Class, he would be able to charm anyone.

He could also make anyone submit to his will, if he wished for it, but this was not what he wished for. After the migration of the Nightshade Clan ended, William once again took to the skies and headed East.

The Half-Elf still had a few places to visit, and he had given enough time for the messengers to pass their reports to their respective Patriarchs.

He hoped that when he arrived to take his people with him, their previous masters wouldn't get in his way or else, he didn't mind charming them a bit in order to make them dance without any clothes on their bodies.

That way, the others would be intimidated and no longer prevent him from doing what he wanted.

Merton, and Karath, flew beside him as they flew under the countless stars in the heavens. The two Patriarchs gazed at their new Master, with a conviction that they would follow the black-haired teenager until they drew their last breath.