Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 998 - Whatever Will Decides, I Will Support With Everything I Have

Polox couldn't stop grinning as he talked to the other Patriarchs whose Clans William had rescued from their former Masters.

They were currently having an important meeting, while William slept inside his room. The Half-Elf had also given him an order to prepare for the migration of the One-horned tribe, which would immediately begin after he woke up in the morning.

The reason why he didn't let them migrate right away was because he was waiting for a few Demons to visit the city in the hopes of having a dialogue with William.

Just as he predicted, the Patriarchs that had left during the feast had all returned, and wished to talk to him. Unfortunately, Polox told them that William was sleeping, and they would have to wait until he woke up.

The Patriarchs didn't insist on disturbing the Half-Elf's sleep because they knew that this second negotiation with him wouldn't be easy.

Right now, these Patriarchs were resting in the guestrooms of Polox's residence, while the Patriarchs who had already sworn allegiance to William were discussing how they would repay the Half-Elf for what he had done for them.

"When he told us to prepare for migration, I thought that he was going to drag us all over the Demon Realm, while looking for a place to settle." Merton, the Patriarch of the Steel Fist Clan, chuckled before drinking his wine. "Who would have thought that our new Lord has a portable Domain that he carries everywhere? This is simply incredible."

"You're right." The Patriarch of the Nightshade Clan, Karath, nodded his head in agreement. "The Thousand Beast Domain holds a lot of potential. I can't believe we get to live in such a place."

The other Patriarchs also nodded their heads. They were quite satisfied with the arrangements that William had made for them.

All of them were Nomadic Clans who had been on good terms with the One-horned Clan. they had no grievances with each other, and even helped each other out in times of need. However, right now, they had one concern and that was the Greenskin Clan.Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Although the Greenskin Clan was not exactly a medium-sized clan, it was close to being one. They were afraid that if William took the Clan inside the Thousand Beast Domain, they would make things difficult for the other Clans that had sworn to become William's vassals.

Unlike the One-horned tribe and the five other Clans that had taken the initiative to jump onto William's ship, the Greenskin Clan was forced under circumstances to bow their heads and submit to him.

Their loyalty still lay with the Gremory Clan, who was also the main family of the current reigning Demon Lord, Luciel. They were afraid that if the Half-Elf poked this hornet nest, he would stir up unneeded trouble and the consequences would be dire.

"I have faith in him," Polox said as he looked at his new comrades with a smile. "I'm sure that our new Lord is aware of this matter. Let us just leave the decision making to him. Also, we don't have to be afraid of the Greenskin Clan.

"Before, we were fighting them alone. But now? Things are different. If all six of us banded together, the Greenskin Clan wouldn't be able to stir up trouble. Do they really think that we are afraid of them?"

Karath, Merton and the other Patriarchs smiled. Indeed. Back then they were fighting alone, but now? They were no longer alone. They had friends, and a new Master whose background was still a mystery to them.

"Our new Master is a Vampire," Karath said with a serious expression. "Would he require us to send young maidens to him, so that he could drink their blood on a regular basis?"

"Perhaps, but what about it?" Merton shrugged. "It is a small price to pay for a safe place to live in. By the way, Polox, did he ask you to send some girls to him, so that he could drink their blood, after you had sworn loyalty to him?"

Polox shook his head. "Not yet. In fact, my granddaughter approached me earlier and told me that if ever our new Lord needed to sate his bloodthirst, she would volunteer to do it in place of the other ladies of our clan.

"I don't know much about Vampires, and I don't know if they drink blood everyday. But, even if we send him two to three girls a day to donate their blood, that would only be around ninety Demons a month. With our six clans, I'm sure that we won't have any problem in satisfying his demands."

The other Demons nodded their heads in agreement. The number of their clans combined would total up to more than a million people, with third of them being women. Even if William needed to drink the blood of three women a day, that would only be a little over a thousand women a year.

They had more than enough to go around, and they were sure to satisfy the demands of their new Lord. Donating some blood was but a small thing when compared to the hardships that they had suffered for their previous Masters.

William had assigned Polox to be the supervisor of the six clans, with the exception of the Greenskin Clan whose fate was still unknown to them. Because of this, the other Patriarchs recognized his authority and asked him to propose this plan as a tribute to their new Master.

Polox nodded his head in agreement. He also felt that this was a good way to show William their loyalty as his vassals. After talking about a few more issues in order to better improve each Clan's relationship with each other, they all retired to their separate rooms to rest.

Tomorrow would be a busy day for all of them because it would also be when William would tell them the plans he had for them going forward.

—--

Inside the Thousand Beast Domain…

William sat on the bed naked, while Princess Sidonie and Ashe massaged his shoulders. Chiffon was busy kissing little Will, while listening to the conversation that the other three were having.

"I don't think that bringing the Greenskin Clan here is a good idea," Ashe said as she lightly massaged William's left shoulder.

"I agree with Ashe," Princess Sidonie commented before lightly nibbling William's ear. After play-biting his ear for a few seconds, she gave her advice to her husband, who was enjoying the three-pronged attack that was being given to him by his wives.

"My advice is to simply charm their Patriarch as well as their Elders, and let them manage the Clan for us. The Gremory Clan isn't a simple Clan. We can make the Greenskin Clan our spies, so that we can carry on with your mission to take Celine back to the Central Continent."

Princess Sidonie giggled as she lightly patted Chiffon's head, who had Little Will firmly secured in her adorable lips.

"What do you think, Chiffon?" Princess Sidonie asked. "Do you want Darling to take revenge for what your father did to you?"

A light popping sound was heard as Chiffon released the ever-enthusiastic Little Will from her lips.

"I no longer consider that man as my father," Chiffon replied. "Whatever Will decides, I will support with everything I have."

After saying her opinion, she resumed servicing her husband, whom she loved very much. After the battle in the Tower of Babylon, Chiffon realized that her father, or her siblings, didn't treat her as family.

For them, she was just a nuisance that they tormented, and bullied when she was young. After meeting William, she found the courage to break free from her sad and pitiful past. The pink-haired girl was sure that if she ever came face-to-face with her demon family, she would definitely summon Sharur and smack their faces until their own parents wouldn't be able to recognize them again.

William had told her that he would personally deal with Luciel and Felix when he encountered them in the Demonic Continent. Since that was the case, Chiffon was more than happy to let her husband serve her father and brother the just desserts that were long overdue.

Chiffon was quite happy with her life as William's wife. She no longer needed to eat trash, or fear that she would lose control of her Divinity. However, the most important of them all was that she was no longer alone in the world.

The pink-haired girl had long considered William, his family, as well as his other wives, who had become her sisters, to be her own family. Also, the memories of the two adorable twins that she had held dearly in her arms made her look forward to the future.

She wished that she could hold both of them as soon as possible, so she had been more active when it came to making love to William as of late.

Princess Sidonei and Ashe noticed this as well, so they didn't mind letting Chiffon do as she pleased, while William embraced her.

The four of them spent a steamy night together, allowing William to momentarily forget about the problems that he had to face when morning came.

After having a good talk with Princess Sidonie, he decided to follow her plan and let the Greenskin Clan become his spies in the Demon Realm. That way, he would not need to actively antagonize the Gremory Clan, and could return his focus to his real mission in coming to the Demon Continent.