109 The Limit

Year 362 of the bryne calendar.

After the bryne Empire had defeated the Vis Kingdom in the Semi Plains, the atmosphere in the Empire had suddenly become somewhat heated, and Queen Anna also received the support of the people.

The new queen seemed to have brought new hope to the country.

Following Vis’ defeat, everyone thought that the Queen was going to rest.

Just a month later, Queen Anna actually initiated a war on Vis.

Everyone was extremely shocked. The surrounding countries were also prepared to watch the fun. After all, although Bryne had won once, it did not mean that he could win again.

By relying on the legacy of the past, the Bryne Empire’s basic strength was similar to that of the vis Kingdom. However, Vis still had the main troop back in its home county.

But when the war began.

The appearance of a group of Knights completely changed everything.

The demon Knights.

They were riding warhorses with a slight magical beast bloodline, and they were at least two meters tall. The weapons they carried with them were all big swords that ordinary Knights couldn’t even lift. They were obviously only advanced Knights, but they were comparable to Grand Knights.

What made the other countries even more afraid was that these knights were not afraid of death at all.

Every time a war started, unless you killed them, they would continue to fight even if they lost an arm or a leg. They were as terrifying as demons.

They had appeared on many battlefields, and every time they appeared, they would bring victory to the Empire.

Perhaps only the Sky Knights could stop them, but that was not possible because no one had achieved the level of a sky knight before.

Just like this.

The war continued.

The Vis Kingdom kept failing and began to pray for peace.

But how could the Empire, whose morale was at its peak, agree to this?

Thus, in year 363 of the bryne calendar, the name of the Vis Empire was removed. Bryne took away everything from it, including its land, population, resources, and so on.

Queen Anna’s name once again spread throughout the country. No one dared to provoke the bryne Empire, and the surrounding countries were also praying not to be noticed.

And in this atmosphere, the death of scholar Eli, the master of Leighton Manor, seemed to be a trivial matter. No one even noticed it. Even the Queen did not seem to have held a funeral for him.

As for his friends, all of Eli’s friends were dead.

After Eli’s death, the manor was also inherited by Eli’s distant nephew, Layton, who happened to match the name of the manor. No one dared to have any ideas about the manor because, at this time, Queen Anna’s prestige was at the highest level, and no one dared to touch the estate of her former teacher.

Layton, like his uncle Eli, was passionate about the manor and rarely went out. People who wanted to make friends with him couldn’t even find him and gradually forgot about him.

…

Five years later.

“My mental force has reached 26.6. As expected, I still need to rely on the mental force potion.” In the laboratory, Eli was about to pull his beard out of habit when he remembered that the 22-year-old Layton didn’t have a beard, so he smiled.

Previously, Eli was already as old as 88 years old, and it was really not suitable for him to continue living.

After all, 88 years old was still considered normal. If he lived to be in his 90s or 100 years old, it would more or less be a little too much. That was why he felt that he should change his identity.

All these years, he had been staying in the manor, learning and researching new things, as well as improving his mental power. Compared to five years ago, it had increased by nearly three points.

It was a huge improvement, but if other mages knew that it was exchanged for nearly 400 years of life force, they would not be so envious.

On the other side, after the Empire took over Vis, they immediately began searching the area, but they didn’t find any news of the ruins. Either they couldn’t find it, or it wasn’t there.

Anna’s idea was to continue the war and help Eli search.

However, Eli made her wait for five years. After all, resources needed time to digest. It was more or less outrageous to want to annex more than a dozen countries at once.

“It should be about time now.” Eli glanced at the one-centimeter bud in the flower pot not far away and turned his head to look out the window.

Thump thump thump!

Three massive bell chimes rang out, and countless birds flew into the air in alarm.

All the people immediately turned to look at the Imperial Palace.

Was another war about to break out?

…

Bryne calendar year 368.

Because of the conflict on the border between the Byrne Empire and the Chris Kingdom, Queen Anna brazenly sent out her troops, and the war between the two countries began again.

This time, the war had ended much faster than anyone had imagined.

In just half a year.

The destruction of the Chris Kingdom. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

The bryne Empire had once again annexed everything in the Chris Kingdom. The bryne Empire had once again become stronger, and the dominance of the bryne Empire had caused the surrounding countries to become nervous.

Queen Anna personally came forward and brought to life Eli’s idea to establish diplomatic relations with the countries far away while having a large-scale war with the countries close to them.

Time slowly passed.

Three years passed in the blink of an eye.

At this point, Eli’s spiritual power had already reached 28.9. At this stage, the increase in his mental power was even slower. Although there was the existence of khorium 2, the progress was slow.

30 points were the limit of a normal human. To reach this point, one either had to have talent or pay something else. What Eli paid was his vitality.

Other than this.

The Bryne Empire had become a true Empire.

His area was five to six times larger than before, and the surrounding countries had already become a part of the Bryne Empire, providing various resources for Eli.

Eli could quickly obtain whatever he needed through the Empire’s channels.

Queen Anna was the Queen in name, but Eli was the one who truly controlled it.

As for the countries that had established diplomatic relations with Bryne before, they only realized that Bryne had become such a behemoth by the time they came to their senses. They could only hope that Bryne would not break his promise.

However, that was impossible. Just as the bryne Empire finished digesting the resources around it, it immediately broke the alliance agreement and the war began once again. This time, Anna’s opponent was an alliance of seven to eight countries.

The war continued for six years.

To some people in the Bryne Empire, these six years had been full of hope.

The Empire had finally recovered its former glory and was even more powerful than before.

Even though Saleen metatrin’s combat abilities were more powerful, he was still a single entity. Furthermore, he had never thought of integrating creature’s bloodline into the Knight’s body. He hadn’t utilized the power of a country compared to Eli.

With the suicide of the king of the last opposing country, the bryne Empire finally achieved complete unification of the areas marked out by Saleen to possibly have mage ruins. Eli had no interest in further countries, so the war stopped.

The Lorraine Kingdom had been destroyed four or five years ago.

In the same year.

Eli’s mental power had also reached 29.9, only a step away from 30 points.