111 First-Circle Blood Bamboo Flower

Just as Eli was learning and memorizing the spell model, within the borders of the bryne Empire, there were countless people carrying out Eli’s orders.

In a certain mountain.

A group of Knights was fighting a magic Wolf at the early stage of the zero circle. The magic Wolf was very fast. Every time it dodged, it would launch another attack. If the surrounding Knights were not careful, they would be directly pounced on and killed quickly.

“Damn it. I’ll block him, and you guys find a chance.” One of the Knights said loudly. Then, he pounced on the magic Wolf and tried to restrain it.

The magic Wolf was also shocked. It frantically moved its body, trying to break through, but seeing the Knight’s abnormal stubbornness, the Wolf directly bit the man’s arm.

“Ah!!!”

The Knight let out a painful cry, but at the same time, more Knights arrived and pierced the Wolf, killing it instantly.

With the death of the magic Wolf, the Knight finally heaved a sigh of relief. He pushed the demon Wolf away and could clearly feel that his arm had been broken. He took a deep breath and stood up in pain.

“Take the blood!”

Immediately, a professional ran over from a distance and began to take the blood of the magic Wolf.

The Knight sighed.

For the blood of this magic Wolf, they had lost two knights.

…

In a Lake within an Empire.

A few small boats were gathered in the middle of the lake, and each boat had a Knight tied to it.

With the commander’s order, a few of them jumped off the boat and disappeared into the water with a bang. They continued to descend, and the rope on the boat continued to extend.

Ten minutes later, the Knights were pulled up one after another.

“How is it? did you find any ruins?” A man asked. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

“No, we’ve already searched the entire area. There’s no trace of it at all. Adding on the other areas we searched a few days ago, there shouldn’t be anything here.” The Knight answered calmly.

Everyone sighed again. The leader took out a map and continued to look for where they were going next.

At this time, there were many people searching in the Empire’s territory like them. Their search was relatively simple.

There were no results every day, but there were still many accidental deaths every day. If it were not for the Queen’s orders, no one would be willing to persist for so long.

What were they looking for?!

…

Time was merciless, and two years passed in the blink of an eye.

Eli stood beside the magic herb field, watching as his servants carried a large bucket of magical beast blood and watered the blood bamboo flower in the center.

As soon as the blood was poured down, the blood bamboo flower seemed to have smelled delicious food. It stretched out its body, and the tentacles on the flower also stretched out, swaying aimlessly in all directions.

The moment the blood touched the blood bamboo flower, it disappeared without a trace.

The two servants were already used to it. At first, they were surprised to see it, but after watering it every day, they gradually became numb to it.

It was a strange plant that used blood, or rather, life force, as its nutrients.

“We’re almost there,” Eli looked at the blood bamboo flower, whose aura was growing stronger by the day.

Compared to a year ago, the blood bamboo flower had already grown to 1.2 meters. The flower it bore was as big as a bowl, like a blood-red Lantern. The aura it emitted was also much stronger than two years ago.

Two years ago, it was a magic plant in the early stage of the zero circle, and now it was already in the late stage.

In two years, the Empire had invested in Eli’s research without caring about the cost, and only then did he advance a little. Regarding this, Eli was also very helpless.

It was mainly because the flower’s original level was too low. It was almost like an ordinary plant. What Eli was doing now was directly elevating its level. Furthermore, Eli did not find this plant in Saleen’s magic medicine records. It was very likely that it had mutated by chance and was one of the miracles of the endless world.

“I just need a little more time.” Eli calmly pondered how much longer it would take.

He had already finished analyzing the spell model a year ago. In fact, other than his talent in meditation, he was also talented in understanding, analyzing, reconstructing spell models, and even potions and alchemy. A spell model was not difficult for him.

The only thing he had to worry about now was how to break through his mental power.

Putting aside the blood bamboo flower, he had already found more than half of the ingredients for the limit-breaking potion, but there were no clues for the remaining ones. He could only rely on those people to keep searching and see if they could find them.

“Let’s take it slow.” Eli sighed. Since he could not increase his mental strength, he could only study other aspects. He had recently started to study alchemy, and it just so happened that Saleen still had some alchemy spells in his collection.

…

Another two years passed.

Eli looked at the pair of boots in front of him and revealed a satisfied smile.

This was the most satisfactory mage tool he had made so far, and it had also reached the level of a high-grade mage tool.

Windwalk boots, a zero-circle high-grade mage tool.

The interior was mainly engraved with wind element formations. Activation could increase the wearer’s speed or carry out a short-distance glide. Moreover, after some modifications by Eli, it could also carry out a double jump or a sharp turn in the air.

It was a good mage tool for escaping.

That’s right, Eli’s idea in refining this weapon was to run faster.

At this time, there seemed to be some progress in the materials for the limit-breaking potion. There were still two materials that had not been found. The blood bamboo flower had also broken through the late stage of the zero circle and was about to reach the first circle.

…

Another six years passed.

At this moment, he had found another limit-breaking potion’s ingredient, and he was only one ingredient away from completing it.

But on the other side, to the pleasant surprise of Eli, the blood bamboo flower had finally reached its limit.

However, the problem was that it seemed that ordinary zero-circle blood was no longer able to enhance it in any way. Eli was helpless as well, and he finally made a decision.

That was to sacrifice his own life force.

Eli was already at the limit of the zero circle, so he could still be of some use to the plant.

Eli stretched out his hand, and the white tentacle instantly wrapped around his arm, then began to suck away the vitality. The massive and endless vitality slowly improved the blood bamboo flower.

In the end, after absorbing almost 500 years of life force …

The blood bamboo flower had finally advanced to a first-circle magic plant.

The blood bamboo flower was completely different from before.

It was 1.5 meters tall, and its bamboo-like body seemed to be oozing blood, but it also had a metallic luster. There were also many more spike-like things on its tentacles, and the number had increased.

Most importantly, the mental energy contained in the bud in the center of the flower had finally reached the standard of the first circle. This stalk of magic medicine, even if it was only first-circle, was enough to show its effects.

And just as Eli succeeded, the servant walked in.

He brought another piece of good news to Eli.