131 The Leisurely Deputy Minister

While Eli was waiting patiently, some people were not calm at all.

Sun Corolla’s headquarters.

“Who can tell me what this potion is?” An old man held the silent crescent spring in his right hand, his mouth twitching.

“boss, we don’t know either. It seems like they suddenly developed it. We didn’t have any news at all.” One of the men had a conflicted expression.

“Damn, this group of people from the potion Department! There are only a few left but they actually managed to make it.” The old man sighed and asked again, “How’re the sales of our potions going?”

!!

“apart from the sun Corolla potion’s sales being almost halved, the others have also been affected to varying degrees. And this kind of influence will slowly increase as time passes.” The man sighed and replied.

The old man was a little unwilling. “Have you investigated that Herman?”

“I did, but there was no news. He looked very ordinary, but I still sent people to contact him. However, I don’t know where he has been recently, and I can’t find him at all.” The man sighed.

The old man seemed to want to say something, but in the end, he just sighed.

At this point, there was no benefit to dealing with Eli at all. They would not do such a meaningless thing.

After half an hourglass, he spoke again, “What if we improve the sun Corolla potion?”

“It might be difficult. There are very few Pharmaceutics Masters,” He shook his head.

“Then forget it. It seems like there are capable people here.” The old man shook his head and said. “You can go first.”

“Alright!”

…

At the same time.

In the campsite, in a room in a building at the center.

“What? the potion Department developed it themselves? ” One of the men widened his eyes in disbelief.

He was Kratos, the current person in charge of the camp, a Warlock with the second ring shadow lizard bloodline. He originally wanted to bring in a Chamber of Commerce to increase the vitality of the camp, but it seemed to have backfired. The invasion had severely hit the camp’s industry.

How could he tolerate this? He immediately found a first-circle Warlock who was good at potioneering and wanted to improve the potion. However, he had not made any progress so far. He did not expect that the potion department would solve the problem themselves.

“Not bad, not bad.”

Kratos laughed out loud, thinking that this would save him a lot of money.

He waved his hand. “tell that pharmacist that he’s not needed anymore. First circle? He’s just so-so.”

“Yes!” The person who made the report turned around and left.

…

“chief Evena, we really, really love the Department.”

The three apprentices bent over and laughed fawningly in Evena’s office.

They were the apprentices who had left without mercy.

“It’s said that the benefits on the side of the sun Corolla are also not bad!” With her legs crossed and her ears perked up, Evena seemed to be in a good mood.

The three apprentices were a little speechless. As the profit of the sun corollas decreased, they began to fire people, and they were the first batch to be abandoned.

Now that they had lost their jobs, they wanted to come back.

“You can return, but there’s a condition.” Suddenly, Evelina said with a smile.

“Minister, please speak.” Their eyes lit up. There was still hope. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“That means you won’t be paid in the future,” Said evena, smiling.

“Minister, stop joking.” The apprentices ‘mouths twitched.

“You didn’t joke when you left the department hanging. ” Evena’s expression suddenly changed, and her rabbit ears stood up. At the same time, she exuded the aura of a first-circle mage.

The three acolytes immediately shivered, cold sweat appearing on their backs.

That’s right, Evena was a first-circle warlock.

“You all have your own reasons for quitting. I don’t want to hear it. If you leave, don’t think about coming back. I don’t care about the others, but if any Chamber of Commerce dares to take you three, I will teach them a good lesson.” Evelina was angry, too. “Get lost!”

The three acolytes were extremely regretful, but they did not dare to say anything more and left quickly.

On the way out, they met Eli, who had just arrived.

The same meeting, the same place.

However, at this moment, Eli looked pretty good, while the three of them looked rather pathetic.

Eli ignored the three of them and walked straight inside.

He was here to see Minister evena.

He gently knocked on the door.

“Come in!”

Eli walked in and saw that evena had already calmed down. She glanced at her and smiled.”Oh, it’s Eli. Sit. You’ve been of great help this time. Don’t worry. I won’t give you less than one-twentieth of the profits.”

One-twentieth was already a huge profit.

It wouldn’t be much if it was just a bottle, but this would be sold through the department. He would get around a few dozen magic stones in profit a month, which was enough to make him live a good life.

“Yes.” This was why Eli was there today.

“Oh, and Vice-Minister, this is your new token.” Then, Evena took out a new token. It was also engraved with the logo of the potion Department, but it was made of a completely different material.

“There are also other rights that you already know. For example, checking potion formulas, working less, and you can also request materials from the Department, or a house, and so on.” Evena explained everything to Eli.

Eli also listened quietly.

“yes, that’s all. The reason why we don’t have a Deputy department head is that there’s almost nothing much to do in our Department. The leaders are usually in charge of discussing deals, so we’re actually very free.” After explaining, Evelina said. In fact, if she were really busy, she wouldn’t have the time to gamble often.

“I’ll take you to the casino today. It’ll be fun.” Evena smiled. She seemed to be in a good mood.

“I’m sorry, Minister. Let’s forget it. I still have something to do today.”

“Then tomorrow?”

“I’m busy tomorrow too.”

“Fine, fine, fine. Forget it, I’ll go by myself.”

In the end, Eli still rejected evena.

After all, who knew what would happen if he followed a first-circle Warlock to gamble for no reason? Although Eli’s gambling skills were not bad, it was better to forget about it.

He had just become the Deputy Minister, so it was better not to be too ostentatious.

This was from his many years of experience.

If it weren’t for the fact that this opportunity was extremely rare, Eli wouldn’t even have taken the initiative to improve the potion.

After bidding Evana farewell, Eli returned home.

From today onwards, his wallet would be much thicker. It was time to slowly gather information about Wizards, modify the experimental equipment, and study the devouring power.

And most importantly, it was to develop slowly.

Eli had never forgotten that strength was the foundation of everything. Without strength, if he was ever exposed, he also hoped to have the strength to protect himself.

…

Eli made his way home.

After finishing his work for the day, he continued his experiments. It was the same as when he was in the library. He looked forward to the next day.

When he came out the next day.

Eli noticed that there was an extra letter in his mailbox.

At first glance, it seemed to be from the sun corolla headquarters, so Eli opened it.

“Respected Sir Herman.

“I’m Rhine, the owner of the sun Corolla store. I would like to invite you to have a discussion at the Silver Moon restaurant at six O ‘clock tonight. Please rest assured that no third person will know about this.”

‘So it’s the person in charge of the Sun corolla Chamber of Commerce.’ Eli thought for a moment and returned to the arcane realm.

It was impossible for him to go. Anyway, he had inquired about it. The person in charge was an old man at the limit of the zero circle. If he wanted to do something, Eli didn’t mind cutting him off directly. It would be very easy.

In this campsite, with Eli’s strength, there was still a certain level of security. At least, it was much better than accepting Rock’s invitation to go to the shadow lizard Academy.

After dealing with the letter, Eli was about to leave when the door beside him opened, and Victor saw him.

“Congratulations, I heard that you have become the Vice-Minister of the potion Department,” Victor said with a smile.

“Thank you,” he said.

“Oh, Eli, it’s like this. I need some potions. Can you give me a discount? ” Victor seemed to have been waiting for a long time for Eli as he asked.

“Of course, you can.” Eli nodded.

As a member of the potions Department, they could buy many potions at a discount. As the Deputy department head, Eli could even take a batch of potions at the original price. Of course, the quantity could not be too excessive.

Victor and Eli had a good relationship, so he naturally wouldn’t refuse.

“Then thank you. It’s not much.” Victor knew his limits and handed a list to Eli with a smile.

Eli took a look.

Antidotes, ascix’s shield potion, healing potion…

Most of these potions were only brought out when a warlock left the camp on a mission, so why would Victor need them? But this was Victor’s business so Eli wouldn’t ask too much.

Putting away the list, Eli set off towards the camp.

Soon, Eli felt the difference between being the Deputy Minister and being a normal member.

In the past, the apprentices at the entrance of the camp would not greet him when they saw him, but now, they would bow at him. When he entered the Department, some pharmacists he did not know would also take the initiative to greet him.

This was the change in status. Of course, after experiencing everything at Bryne, Eli was already very calm towards everything. He just worked as usual.

When the people from the potion Department saw that Eli didn’t change too much, they heaved a sigh of relief. This was for the best.

Just like that, a peaceful life began again.

Every day, apart from work, Eli would often go to the potions Department where the wizard books were kept to check them out. He also learned many new techniques and methods, allowing his potions skills to improve once again. At least in this potions Department, Eli felt that his potions skills should be at the top.

Eli also handed the potions to Victor after purchasing them. Eli didn’t ask him what he was going to do, but in the past few days, he often saw Victor wandering around the camp as if he was looking for someone.

In response, Eli only shook his head. It seemed like something had happened to Victor, or else he wouldn’t be so busy normally. But he didn’t care, that was Victor’s own business.

A month later.

Victor went out.