135 Necromancy

The news of Gino’s death quickly faded away with the passing of time.

After Victor’s grandson received Victor’s magic stones, he successfully advanced to the first circle. Victor also returned to his lazy days, but Eli was a little busier.

Whether it was the high-precision observation instruments or the knowledge of witchcraft, they all made Eli’s life full of surprises again.

…

A month later.

In the laboratory.

Eli carefully removed the crystal from the spirit Necklace, then placed it into another earring that had been carved with runes and began to assemble it.

Soon, another mage weapon was born.

The appearance of this magic tool was in the shape of an earring, with three small circles surrounding the gem in the center. This was the result of the transformation of the previous magic tool in order to avoid being discovered.

Furthermore, for this tool composition, Eli had spent a lot of money, mainly because his main focus was still potions, and alchemy might not be that outstanding.

“Let’s call it the tears of the ocean.” Eli looked at the earring and put it on.

After all, being able to launch a one-circle mind power attack at any time was not bad.

After finishing this, Eli turned his head to look elsewhere.

In the huge experimental equipment, the blood bamboo flower was constantly penetrated by elemental particles, revealing its specific internal structure and changes. As time passed, Eli was also waiting for the appearance of the devouring power.

Very soon, just as the blood bamboo flower was about to completely shatter, the mysterious devouring power appeared once again.

This scene was recorded by an observation device at the back of the device. It was the device that Eli had bought from Gino at a high price.

Seeing that the recording had ended, Eli walked over.

Through close observation, this time, Eli finally made a discovery.

The moment the blood bamboo flower shattered, a magical fluctuation was emitted, followed by the appearance of the devouring power, and then the scene that followed.

“Is this the external manifestation of the devouring power?” Looking at this scene, Eli smiled.

As long as he could completely simulate these fluctuations, he might be able to master this devouring power.

“However, the equipment still can’t fully observe this scene.” Eli shook his head. The level of these fluctuations was quite high, and it was impossible for this device to record everything. It was already impressive that it could record a little bit each time.

“It’s not enough. I need more time.” Eli shook his head. At this level, it might take decades of observation before he could truly sense the structure of the waves. It would probably take a long time to materialize them.

In other words, this was another long-term project.

“Let’s take it slow.” Eli was helpless. So be it. It was just one of his experiments anyway, and it didn’t matter.

After fiddling with the experiment for a while, Eli walked out of the laboratory and went to the laboratory next door.

Compared to the room next door, this place was very simple. Basically, there were only experimental materials.

In the corner, there was a huge white skeleton that took up almost half of the room. It was the skeleton left behind by the shadow Dragon Chris.

However, even though it was just a skeleton, one could still feel a lot of shadow power remaining on it. Eli was also reluctant to part with it, so he did not throw it away.

He had just learned necromancy recently, so he wanted to try it out.

But before he could take more than a few steps, he stopped and patted his head.

“This a four-circle shadow dragon! Do I really want to experiment with it? Wouldn’t it be a waste?” Shaking his head, he turned around and left. It was better for him to go and buy some corpses of one-circle beasts.

Purchasing the corpses was much easier than Eli had imagined.

If a Warlock had fused their bloodline while they were still alive, then their corpse would still have a certain value after death. Some of the value could be squeezed out, so this market existed.

After spending dozens of magic stones, Eli bought Nine Zero circle apprentices and a first circle apprentice’s corpse.

A month later.

In an empty area of the secret realm. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Eli stood at the side, and not far away were a dozen or so corpses.

With a wave of his right hand, a spell model slowly appeared in his mind. His thin gossamer-like mental power instantly pierced a dozen corpses and wrapped around them tightly.

The muscles on the surface of the corpse also began to dissolve slowly, and runes slowly appeared on the pale white bones. Finally, they turned into a simple but not crude spell formation in the skull.

This was the first circle undead spell-undead creation.

With the appearance of the spell formation.

Whoosh!

The next second, a mysterious flame appeared in the heads of these skeletons. Undead fire. This was the flame that would form when the undead was formed.

With the appearance of the undead fire, all the skeletons crawled up from the ground with clicking sounds and then instinctively looked towards Eli, kneeling down one after another, offering their loyalty.

Eli made them, so they should belong to Eli.

“Not bad.” Looking at the skeleton in front of him, a smile appeared on his face.

It seemed that his talent in dark magic was not bad, and he succeeded on his first try.

Furthermore, unlike the human’s deception, the undead was much simpler. When they announced their allegiance, it meant that they would be loyal forever. Furthermore, Eli did not have to worry about betrayal. After all, their soul flames were all in the hands of Eli. As long as he wanted to, he could crush their undead flames at any time.

However, they were all zero-circle undead, so their combat power was quite average, and Eli had other arrangements for them.

Soon, under Eli’s instructions, the undead picked up their tools and began to help Eli tidy up the arcane realm, water the magical plants, and feed the magical beasts he was raising.

Looking at this scene, Eli revealed a satisfied smile.

This was the correct way to use the undead! Although the undead’s intelligence wasn’t that high, and there would be some minor damage in the process, compared to the whole, the benefits were definitely greater than the disadvantages, and it was even more so for Eli.

The arcane realm was so huge, and it was very troublesome for Eli to do so many things every day. Now that there were undead helping him deal with the mundane chores, he would have more time to do other things in the future.

It was unknown if the brutal dark mages of the past would return from the multiverse and knock Eli’s head off if they found out about this.

Of course, skeleton control was only one part of necromancy. The mage inheritance that Eli had obtained was mainly below the third circle. In such a short time, he had only studied the surface.

After all, the legendary necromancers were also war machines among the dark mages. They were not that simple.

Although Eli did not go to explore the ruins this time, he had become the biggest winner.

…

Another month had passed.

“Oh? ” Eli received another interesting piece of news.

In an area tens of kilometers away from the camp, they had found a spirit. At first, the camp sent people to capture the spirit, but they found out that it was a first-circle spirit, and the capture plan failed.

After the failure, the camp even joined forces to capture the spirit together. Even Kratos, the person in charge of the camp, sent people out to capture the spirit. But unfortunately, when they got there, the spirit had already left.

And from Victor, Eli knew that this spirit was most likely the same undead who almost killed Victor.

This made Eli very interested.

…

At the same time.

In the deep mountains.

An undead was hiding there.

“Hahahaha, I actually survived.” The undead Nicholas was ecstatic.

He used to be a third-circle sorcerer, but due to some mishaps, he didn’t get to Sky Castle in time and was left here.

It was probably because of this that he abandoned his physical body and turned himself into undead in order to survive. In the end, he had no choice but to seal himself.

Some time ago, someone had broken into the ruins, causing him to wake up again.

However, the long passage of time had already caused his strength to deteriorate to the first circle.

“I survived. However, my soul power is still too weak. I’ll have to find a place to slowly recover first. I’ll show myself when I’ve recovered to the second circle.

“And the core of my soul is also in that mage tool. I’m missing that part, so I can’t reach the fourth circle. I’ll take it back when I get to the second circle. It’ll take me about 30 years.”

He had heard that those people were from the same wizard camp. The warlock camps on the West Coast were at most, in the second circle. He would go there and kill some souls.

“Hehe, this area will be the nourishment for my advancement.”

The undead glanced around and then entered the deep mountains. He was not strong enough now and still needed to develop.

…

Twenty years later.

To Eli, twenty years was just a short process.

Every day, he would clock into work at the camp and then study necromancy. At this time, his undead horde had increased by a few hundred, and he had collected more than a dozen first-circle warlocks, all of whom had been refined into undead.

Meanwhile, the blood bamboo flower’s fluctuations were also rapidly developing. At this moment, it had already developed to about two-thirds of its original size, which made Eli very happy.

Of course, this was a very normal daily life. The only thing that made him emotional was that Victor was dead.

Victor suffered irreversible damage in the ruins last time, which damaged his spiritual power to a certain extent and aged him. In the end, he died a few days later.

After Victor’s death, Eli personally buried him.

Then, he met Victor’s grandson, a first-circle wizard.

And from him, Eli got news about Rock.

He had died three years ago.

It was very ridiculous. He died because he was too much of a genius. Eight years after he broke through to One circle, he had a new encounter and was about to break through to two circle in the blink of an eye.

One night, someone found his body in his room. Rock had caught too much jealousy and ire from the others.

Rock was a true genius. He was in his thirties and was about to break through to the second circle. Such talent dwarfed Eli easily, but he did not even live as long as Eli.

So what if he was a genius? He would die if he were not careful.

Eli stayed in the camp every day and wasn’t threatened at all.

“As expected, it’s not good to be in the limelight!” Eli sighed.