146 Curse Sorcery

Rawls left in a daze.

He looked at Eli’s back and sighed, but then he got excited again. He silently swore that he would surpass Eli and give him a hard blow.

“Just you wait, Hmph.” Rawls snorted as he left.

On the other hand, Eli sensed Rawls’ voice behind him. He glanced at him, rolled his eyes, and turned to leave.

The reporting of the magic herb field had ended, and the magic plants had begun to be sold. In the process, Eli had also begun to sneak in a portion of the magic plants he had planted in the arcane realm. To be honest, this portion was not any less than the ones in the camp, so Eli had only sold a small portion, and he would slowly sell them when he got familiar with the process.

Kratos also gave him some benefits. For the first time, the number of magic stones in Eli’s storage had reached a terrifying number of 5000, which was a lot to him.

However, even though he had gained a lot, he had also consumed a lot of magic stones, especially in the experiments on devouring power. He had to spend at least a few hundred magic stones every month. This was only possible now because he would have gone bankrupt in the past.

In the process, Rawls also checked on Eli to see if he had taken any departmental profits for himself. After all, many ministers used to do this.

But after checking, he realized that Eli was really ridiculously clean. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Eli didn’t take anything from the Department. This ruined his plan of using this thing to kick out Eli. What made him even more aggrieved was that he still had to learn how to grow magical plants from Eli. After he heard about the complicated process, he was a little convinced. He didn’t lose for no reason.

Of course, this was another matter. He still considered Eli an eyesore.

He still wanted to chase Eli away, but he didn’t have the chance. He was helpless against a clean citizen. How could he be so rule-abiding?

And when Eli heard about this, he smiled.

…

Five years passed in the blink of an eye.

As usual, Eli headed to the magical plant Department first.

As he walked, he could hear a lot of gossips, most of which was about the shadow lizard sorcerer Academy, and about the battalion commander, as if something had happened.

Filled with doubts, Eli came to the office.

“Rona, what happened recently?” Eli asked Deputy Minister Rona.

“Uh, did you hear about it too, Minister?” Rona stood up straight. Compared to five years ago, there were more white strands in his hair.

“I heard that a large mage ruin was recently discovered nearby. A group of shadow lizard Warlock Academy students went there, but many people died, and a few were trapped.

“After that, the Academy ordered battalion commander Kratos to go and rescue the people, but the battalion commander refused. After the people from the academy died, Kratos sent people to explore the ruins and brought back the things.” Rona said in a low voice when he saw that there was no one around.

“I see!” Eli furrowed his brows. He had been in the secret plane all year round and would only come out once every few days. This incident happened while he was inside the secret plane.

“See, someone from the Academy came to take the things away yesterday, but the situation was very tense.” Rona spread out his hands and said helplessly.

“They’ve taken the stuff?!” Eli hissed, feeling a little pity.

He was just about to say that he was going to take a look and see if there was anything that could be used, but he was happy for nothing.

“Alright, I’m just here for a bit. It’s time to go.” After briefly looking through the work for the past few days, Eli turned around and left.

The next destination was the mage relics Management Department.

“Take care, Minister.” Rona sent Eli out of the Department.

About ten minutes later, Eli arrived at his other department.

“Head of Department, there are some of your favorite books and items recently. Do you want to take a look? ” Paul asked in the Department.

“New things?” Eli was surprised.

“Yeah, it’s from the ruins nearby,” Paul replied.

“Didn’t they all get taken away?” There was a strange expression on Eli’s face.

“uh, Sir, the valuable things were indeed taken away, but the rest was sent here because they are garbage.” Paul accidentally blurted out what he was thinking.

“Take me there.” Eli’s interest was aroused.

“Yes.”

Very quickly, they arrived at the warehouse. Opening it, Eli walked in.

At the end of the warehouse, there was a pile of new books. His eyes lit up when he saw them, and he quickly walked over.

There were about a dozen new books, and they were all very new. Although there were some traces of history, there were no problems with their preservation, book covers, or other aspects.

He opened one.

“a preliminary understanding of curse sorcery ”

Looking at the words on the first page, Eli sucked in a breath of cold air. It was the knowledge that he had never understood before. How was this trash? This was a treasure!

After flipping through a few pages, Eli was certain that this was new knowledge, and he asked Paul to leave first.

Eli began to read the book seriously again. Time passed by slowly, and he had gained an understanding and learning of the terrifying black sorcery known as curse sorcery. He was even more surprised.

According to the book, curse sorcery had three main bodies.

The target, the medium, and the final price.

The target was easy to understand. It was the person who was the curse’s target. The medium was an item related to the target. Of course, it could also be an incorporeal thing like a name. However, if one chose this medium, one had to be prepared for failure. Of course, it was a different story if one was powerful.

The price was the most important to the caster.

To a certain extent, The curse school was related to one’s fate. There was always a price to pay. Most dark mages would cultivate parasites in their bodies to offset the price or other methods. Therefore, even dark mages rarely used curses.

It was truly a spell that would harm one’s own self even if one wanted to harm the enemy.

However, Eli was still very happy. After all, it was new knowledge, and it was free. If it were in the past, no one would just leave it here.

Respect for knowledge was the education that every mage received.

In the past, Saleen’s notes had also emphasized this many times that it had an important impact on Eli.

And so, Eli went home with the books.

Two months later.

Eli took a deep breath and placed the last book on curse sorcery to the side, feeling that he had become stronger again.

“Since I’ve learned it, I should put it into practice.” Pursing his lips, Eli thought.

But who should I target to test the waters?

Eli’s eyes lit up. ‘I got it.’

Eli sat at the side, and instantly, under the influence of his mental force, runes appeared on the ground, one after another. Large shadows appeared as well, and they emitted all sorts of strange auras.

“Darkness that is deeper than darkness, strange mist that is more violent than poison. Today, I, Eli Lucifer, will use one year of my life force as the price to curse Rawls Clint. I want him to…”

Eli closed his eyes and started casting a spell. The price was his life. Thankfully, he was immortal. As for his target, it was Rawls.

The curse had been established.

…

At the same time.

Rawls was currently standing in the magic herb field, looking at the large magic herb field in front of him with a smile. The production had indeed increased a lot after learning.

Just as he was about to leave, the ground in front of him suddenly caved in.

Rawls widely opened his eyes as he fell in. Closely after that, the ground collapsed once again. Rawls directly supported himself with his four limbs.

Rawls took a deep breath and looked into the depression. It turned out to be a nest of snakes. A dozen venomous demon snakes from the zero ring hissed and entangled themselves.

“That was close!” Rawls felt his forehead oozing cold sweat, “there’s a nest of demon snakes here.”

Just as he was about to use the momentum to get up, a huge bird caught a wild boar in the sky. Suddenly, the wild boar struggled and slowly fell to the ground like a cannonball.

“What?” Rawls was baffled and looked over from the corner of his eye.

Pig?

A pig in the sky?

Rawls’ eyes were wide open, but the wild boar had already arrived and smashed into his back. The damage wasn’t great, but with this little force, the soil in front of him changed again.

“No!” Rawls let out a wail and was then carried by the wild boar into the snake’s nest. At the same time, the ground caved in again and buried him.

The next day, when Eli saw Rawls again, he was in the Department.

Looking at Rawls’ front body, which was swollen and covered in several wounds, and his face covered in bruises, Eli laughed.

“Hmm,” Rawls said in a muffled way.

It would be nothing if it were just snakes from the zero circle. However, he had been buried seven to eight meters deep. The venomous snakes, in particular, would drill and bite anywhere they wanted.

Rawls recalled what happened yesterday as he quivered all over.

The mental damage was far greater than the physical damage.

“Rawls, this is my medicament. It’s very effective.” Eli threw a potion over.

Rawls ‘eyes widened. He didn’t expect that Eli would take the initiative to give him the potion.

Why did he feel a little touched?

Why do I feel like Eli is a good person?

“Thank you!” Rawls said while bearing the pain.

“You’re welcome…” Eli held back his laughter and left the Department. He burst out laughing. He had no choice. He really wanted to laugh.

The effect of this curse sorcery was much better than what Eli had imagined.

Eli sucked in a breath of cold air.

He felt that he might have really dug up a treasure.

Should I try again?

However, looking at Rawls, who was quivering, Eli shook his head and turned around to leave. It was not good to hurt the fragile Rawls in such a way. Therefore, he turned around and left.

Rawls, on the other hand, was looking at Eli’s back as he left. The potion he had just taken seemed to be working. The swelling was rapidly decreasing, and the poison was also dissolving. This potion was probably very precious.

“He’s a good person,” Rawls commented.