172 Dice of Fate

“It’s almost 500 grams!”

Eli looked at the crystal. It was the largest elemental crystal he had ever seen, and in terms of quality, it was much higher than those he had seen before. It would be a waste to use it, so he decided to keep it for now.

“Let’s go to the mage Tower first.” After cleaning up the battlefield, Eli came to the Tower.

The bronze door was carved with a complicated spell formation, but unfortunately, as time passed, the spell formation was already lacking in energy supply, so Eli’s skeleton could only push it open directly.

The shadow-covered skeleton walked in directly while Eli was sensing through the skeleton from the outside.

It entered the first floor of the Tower.

The first floor seemed to be the place for experiments. The walls of the tower were shelves with various items placed on them. The center was an experimental area where the apprentices used to work.

However, there weren’t many things on the first floor. Most of the things on the shelves had lost their extraordinary characteristics with the passage of time.

In the end, Eli only found three of them that were of value.

They were Moses ore, undead crystals, and Sodis tentacles.

The first item was a type of ore. According to how valuable it was now, it should be a third-circle material. The second item was an undead crystal, which was a soul crystal formed from powerful undead. The third item was a creature’s tentacle.

The three materials were not a big problem. When he was almost done with his alchemy, he would directly use the ores and undead crystals to upgrade his mage weapon. The tentacle could also be used to refine wizard weapons.

Other than that, there were also a few large experimental pieces of equipment on the first floor. Eli accepted them happily. Compared to the equipment in the White Tower, this experimental equipment might be slightly older, but they were all top-notch and might be very helpful to Eli’s experiments.

After exploring the first floor, the skeleton went up the stairs to the second floor.

The second floor seemed to be a place to rest and receive guests. After searching for a while, it found nothing. With regret, the skeleton continued to explore.

In fact, the tower was relatively clean. There were a total of seven floors, but only a few items were harvested, which made Eli feel a little regretful.

However, on the seventh level, which was also the last level, there was a small accident.

“A defensive spell formation?”

Looking at the spell formation covering the door in front of him, Eli realized that there might really be something inside.

From the spell formation, it was obvious that its master wanted to protect the things inside. However, as time passed, the spell formation was already showing signs of damage, so Eli immediately started looking for an opening.

Half an hour later, the spell formation disappeared, and the door slowly opened.

The scene inside was immediately reflected in Eli’s eyes.

It was a small study room, about a few dozen square meters in size. The layout was simple, with only a bookshelf, a desk, and a sofa.

The bookshelves were filled with books, and a crystal ball was placed on the table.

A crystal ball?

The skeleton’s undead flame bloomed. This was good stuff.

Without any hesitation, the skeleton started to check.

The books on the bookshelves were a mix of good and bad. There were ordinary encyclopedias and books that involved knowledge, mainly about black magic. Among them, there were also some about sacrificial offerings and even experiments on extracting souls.

Of course, there were also some interesting ones, such as biological modifications. He wasn’t that interested in the biological modification part, but he was very interested in the modification of the five senses. He was going to go back and do some research. The fog had caused him some trouble this time. If his five senses were heightened, it wouldn’t be so troublesome.

After checking the books, Eli began to walk toward the crystal ball.

After checking and making sure there were no problems, Eli went in to check the crystal ball.

“Damn!”

At the same time, below the Tower, Eli let out a gasp of surprise.

What the f * ck!

The crystal ball contained nothing else but a legacy for mages. It recorded in detail the training of mages below the third circle.

After all, it was recorded in a low-level meditation technique called wood Spirit’s sky. It also recorded a large number of elemental spells. From the first circle to the third circle, the number of spells reached thousands.

These were all things that he happened to lack.

He did have a mage legacy already, but it was good to have more. However, the greatest reward was still the elemental spell.

He hadn’t learned many elemental spells. He mostly used shadow bloodline talents. This was partly because he was too weak and partly because he didn’t have many spell models, to begin with.

Although the spells in the crystal ball were mainly elemental spells, there were still some other types of spells, and there was even a divination spell.

This made Eli very surprised.

Divination was a hard school to master because it involved fate and time.

The divination spell in the crystal ball was a special spell that had no level. It was called the Dice of Fate.

The effect was very simple, and that was to predict the possibility of an incident!

This spell required a special dice, which could receive the power of fate. Before throwing the dice, the caster should think of an incident to divine, and the dice would display numbers one to six. The higher the number, the higher the probability.

It was a very powerful spell, but it had a lot of restrictions. The first condition was that the mage had to have the time element talent, which was very rare. However, Eli did have this talent. Eli discovered this when he was training. It might be related to his immortality.

The second condition was the price.

After all, the spell was to pry into fate. This was no ordinary matter, so one had to pay a great price. This could be a large number of soul crystals or a large number of other prices.

There was even a note at the end.

[ note: do not pay the price yourself. It will consume a large amount of the wizard’s life force! ]

At first, Eli was still a little conflicted about where to find resources. After all, the condensation of soul crystals required a large number of recently dead creatures, but after seeing the note, Eli’s heart calmed down.

This was a good thing!

This spell was his greatest reward this time. He also believed that this was sorcery that would benefit him for life. In the future, if he were to do something, he would be able to make a prophecy first, and he would not have to be so cautious when doing things.

Bang!

At the same time, Eli heard an explosion in the distance and realized that there might be a battle outside, so he sped up his search.

Ten minutes later, the skeleton left the Tower with everything.

After putting everything away, Eli carried Rawls in one hand and quickly headed out of the town.

A minute later, Eli arrived outside the town.

All the warlocks’ eyes widened when they saw the people that Eli had brought.

“This is Lord Rawls.” Everyone looked at the person that Eli was casually carrying and exclaimed in shock.

After such a long time, they even thought that Rawls had died. They didn’t expect that he would be rescued by Lord Herman. They could only say that Herman was too powerful.

“He’s seriously injured. Someone come and take care of him.” Eli said casually.

Someone immediately came over to take care of Rawls.

The others were all looking at Eli, waiting for him to give the next order. Most of them had been saved by Herman and were willing to listen to his orders.

“My Lord, what should we do next?” One of the first circle warlocks asked.

“There are still six hours left, Sir. Molin and Adams haven’t arrived yet. Why don’t we take advantage of this time to snatch Blood Alliance’s resources? ” Some warlocks suggested.

With the large number of warlocks from the Blood Alliance dying in the mage town, their strength was no longer as good as theirs.

Eli nodded.

“But Sir Herman, what if Molin and Adams come?” The Warlock asked.

Eli fell into deep thought, then said with a solemn expression, ” how about this? You can go plunder the Blood Alliance now. I’ll get 20% of what you get. Once Molin or Adams come, I’ll block them for you!” Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

“Really? thank you so much, my Lord.” Everyone’s eyes lit up. They had to give Eli 20 % of their reward, but Eli had promised to block the biggest threat. This was a good deal.

No one doubted that Herman could stop the two of them. After all, he had saved so many people from chimeras.

Sir Herman was generous!

“Thank you, my Lord.” Everyone expressed their gratitude.

“Sigh, it’s all for the White Tower,” Eli said righteously.

He had already killed Molin and Adams, so what was the risk?

It was perfect!