176 New Changes

Ten years later.

Eli’s elemental compatibility had already reached 87%, and his mental power had also reached 86 points with the help of the potion. He was getting closer and closer to the second circle, and his bloodline had already reached the limit of the second circle.

At this point, Eli even thought of breaking through to his third circle bloodline in advance.

It was not easy to break through to become a third-circle warlock. Not only did it require a lot of materials, but there was also an important step, which was the fusion of bloodline and mental power. This made Eli a little hesitant.

If he fused his bloodline, what about his magic power?

After all, he was a mage. Of course, he didn’t completely give up on his bloodline, but he felt that he needed to study it carefully.

And in other aspects, everything was normal for him.

He was learning spells at a steady rate, and his mastery of alchemy was also getting stronger and stronger. The only regret was that he still hadn’t reached the beginner-level understanding of the Dice of fate mage tool.

He only had one evaluation of this tool, and that was that it was difficult.

Eli even felt that this was a spell tool that only a celestial could master, and the difficulty was simply outrageous. Whether it was the structure of the model or the analysis, none of the mage knowledge he had learned could compare to it.

Eli had been very patient for a long time. He had spent almost 100 years studying the endless devouring spell. He did not believe that he could not handle this Dice of Fate.

Speaking of the endless devouring spell, Eli had more than ten ideas for the second seal. He was still in the first stage, and similarly, he needed a lot of time and energy.

Eli’s idea involved trial and error. This was where the mage camp came in.

Compared to 20 years ago, the scale of the campsite was much larger. There were more than 20 first-circle Mages, and Tijie was about to break through to the second circle. It was one of the largest campsites in the South of the West Coast where Eli was located.

Eli would also exchange a large number of resources from the camp every year. Just because he didn’t go out didn’t mean that he was cut off from the outside world. After all, he still had quite a number of people under him.

He usually asked Ross for help.

Speaking of Ross, in the arcane realm 20 years ago, he was ranked first on the resource list. Of course, this had something to do with Eli’s absence in the first half of the expedition. After all, why would an adult compete with children? However, it also made him a little famous.

Last year, with the help of Eli and Kratos, Ross entered the Parliament and was promoted to handle foreign relations.

Eli usually relied on him to do things outside.

Of course, he wouldn’t let him go too far away. Eli only asked him to place the resources at the designated location, and then the mage camp people would go and get them. As for the few people under Eli, he usually wouldn’t let them come into contact with each other.

..

Another ten years passed.

Eli’s mental power had finally reached the limit of the first circle.

At this point, he could already prepare for a breakthrough. Similar to the breakthrough of a second-circle Warlock, the breakthrough of a second-circle mage was also dependent on a singular point. And that was mainly a breakthrough in mental force.

There were three distinct stages between a second circle mage and a first circle mage. They were divided into liquid, gas, and crystal according to the state of their spiritual force.

The performance of each stage was as different as the sky and the earth. The change brought about was much more powerful.

..

Ten years later.

Eli had broken through.

It was an ordinary night. In the secret plane, Elie had consumed more than ten bottles of Khorin-No. 3 potions (second-circle potion), and then he had broken through to become a second-circle mage.

“So this is the second circle?” Eli felt the mist-like spiritual power in his consciousness.

In terms of combat power, 10 first-circle mages could barely compete with him. The strong power of the will could severely suppress and weaken low-level mages.

“Since I’ve made a breakthrough, all kinds of alchemy tools can be upgraded. My research on alchemy is almost done…” Eli pondered.

The breakthrough was a big deal to him, but it was also a small matter. There were still many things to do next.

For example, how to train his mental power and change its state, whether to train it step by step through meditation or other means, these were all problems.

In short, the revolution had not yet succeeded, and everything still needed to be worked on.

“I can do this!” Eli encouraged himself and left the wizard Tower.

Today, he would go to the White Tower for entertainment and relax his mind and body. After all, an immortal still had to pay attention to his mental state.

A day later.

Eli went back to work.

..

Ten years later.

“I’ve incorporated some new materials into this staff, and it’s at the second circle. I’ll call it the Morris staff.”

Eli looked at the table in front of him.

There was a wizard’s staff on the table. It didn’t make sense to call it a staff. After all, no staff would be made of hard metal, and the head would be made of hard Amethyst. It could even be a melee weapon. It was mainly made by Eli in consideration of Warlock combat.

Other than this, there were three other items on the table.

A 2nd circle purple leather armor, a 2nd ring circle robe, and a pair of 2nd circle boots.

They were all weapons crafted from the shadow Dragon’s leather skin. Combined with Eli’s talent, he had crafted three fine-grade two-circle equipment.

The first one could increase Eli’s physical strength and physical defense. The second was a wizard robe that came with a wizard barrier. It had an outstanding defense against elemental attacks. The boots could speed up Eli’s movement speed, and by controlling the airflow, it could allow Eli to float and move in the air, making it a perfect item for escape.

In order to refine these three tools, Eli expended a lot of energy and a lot of resources, but fortunately, it was all worth it, as it could increase his survival ability.

And what surprised Eli in the same year was that his Dice of Fate spell had finally made a little progress, entering a slow analysis process, and everything was getting better and better.

“Sigh, now that I think about it, it’s been fifty years since I left the White Tower.”

In a daze, Eli suddenly remembered that he had not left the White Tower for fifty years.

This might be due to the hundred years of training in the secret realm of the shadow dragon. Now, he did not feel depressed or uncomfortable when training alone. Instead, he felt very relaxed. He could feel his knowledge being enriched little by little every day, and his combat power was getting stronger little by little. It felt quite good.

At this moment, no one was waiting to ambush him outside. Even the most patient hunter would not wait for fifty years. This left Sores dumbfounded.

He had nothing to say about this.

He thought that ten years was a long time, but Eli actually stayed in the White Tower for fifty years. Was this something a normal person could do?

He was truly convinced.

“Hmm, after I fuse the Dice of Fate and the undead crystal into my second circle, I can go out for a walk.”

Eli took a deep breath. After fifty years, he was finally almost done digesting his gains.

…

Another five years passed.

Eli enhanced the earring that he had ‘borrowed’ from Gino, allowing his mental power attack to reach the second circle level. It was considered a pretty good mage weapon.

However, after becoming a second-circle wizard, his powerful mental strength made him realize a problem. There was actually a trace of the undead soul in it, which was outrageous.

If it weren’t for the fact that Eli had reached the second circle, he wouldn’t have even known that there was such a dangerous thing hidden inside the mage weapon.

It was a good thing that he had discovered it in time, and this allowed him to take the initiative. To a wizard, controlling the soul of an undead was equivalent to controlling the undead itself. He also observed that this undead seemed to be in the late stage of the second-circle and was still quietly growing.

This made Eli smile. After all, undead were very good materials, and it was rare to see one at this level. He was looking forward to the day this undead would find him. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

At this time, he had also finished analyzing the Dice of fate spell. He only needed to refine a set of wizard tools before he could use it.

After fifty to sixty years of hard work, he was finally about to succeed.

But the next day, Eli received a shocking piece of news.

Chairman Marcus died.