192 A Hundred Years

A hundred years later.

On the ground floor of the tall black Tower prison, the sound of footsteps slowly came from far to near.

All the prisoners in the cells were curled up in the corners of their cells, not daring to make a single sound. They were basically prisoners who had killed people like flies, but when they heard this voice, they couldn’t help but feel terrified.

Everyone in the White Tower knew that they couldn’t be locked up in the Black Tower’s prison because Warden Herman was a terrible person.

!!

As for how terrifying he was, one didn’t have to specifically ask around because one would always know his story from various channels. The story could stop children from crying, but it could also make people feel chill.

However, it seemed like Herman was only here for a short while. He soon disappeared from the first floor, and everyone heaved a sigh of relief.

“sigh, the mental strength of this batch of prisoners is not good enough, or have I become that scary? ”

On the other side, Eli shook his head as he left the floor.

He walked through the stairs and small paths with familiarity and soon returned to the top floor. He stood by the window and looked into the distance. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

It was different from the past. As far as the eye could see, it was filled with buildings. Mage towers rose from the ground, both in number and height. Just by sensing, he could feel how much stronger the people here were.

First-circle warlocks were not rare, and there were quite a few second-circle warlocks.

“This is the current White Tower.” Eli pursed his lips, and his gaze was distant.

A hundred years.

Today happened to be the hundredth year he had lived here, so he did not feel anything. However, be it the 197 points of solidified mental power in his body or the bloodline that had long reached its limit and could no longer be improved, all of it told him that everything was different.

Compared to a hundred years ago, he was now a Mage and a warlock at the peak of the second circle.

“That was fast!”

To Eli, a hundred years was just a number. However, to those who were bitterly pursuing other life goals, it was completely different.

He had really changed a lot.

One thing after another swirled in Eli’s mind like smoke clouds, and he sorted them out one by one.

The first year.

Everything was normal. Nothing major happened.

The fifth year.

The White Tower began to annex the surrounding small forces, and the scope of its influence continued to expand. During this process, there were a large number of prisoners every day, and in the thirty years of its expansion after that, it was the time when Eli’s mental power improved the fastest.

He only remembered that he devoured a large number of people every day.

He missed those days.

In the same year, he also began to study the devouring spell.

The tenth year.

The White Tower expanded further, and at this moment, Eli was about to advance to the second circle solidification, Catarina had also advanced to the first circle, and Ross had also advanced to the later stage of the second circle.

In the same year, the house of the undead, which had expanded to the North of the White Tower, annexed Lilith Warlock Academy and became one of the major forces in the South of the West Coast. They also provided a large number of undead crystals to Eli every five years.

The number of undead that Nikola owned had also increased from one million to one million and five hundred thousand. Nikola could not understand why he still had to work so hard. However, he was still full of hope at this moment, hoping that he would be free one day.

The iris mage camp had also started to expand to the North. They had taken in some mage camps and began to expand in the shadows.

With the White Tower’s intentional neglect and the house of the undead’s care, they were living pretty well.

The 40th year.

Eli had already stepped into the ‘late-stage of second-circle’. At this moment, he suddenly realized a problem. The long-term absorption of large amounts of mental power had caused his mental power to be a little weak, and the quality was not high.

He was also very glad that he had discovered the problem ahead of time and so began to rely on the tilted tower to train his mental power. This process lasted for a full thirty years, and to ensure the future, Eli had ruthlessly polished his foundation for thirty years, along with the power of his bloodline.

After the polishing, his strength became stronger and different from before.

At this time, the White Tower had also begun to enter a long period of digestion.

However, something bad happened.

The bloodline tower in the central region seemed to be suppressed by the black Isotta. At this time, he noticed that his student Vivika seemed to have advanced to the late-stage of the second-circle, and he also heard that this little girl had actually become the Deputy tower master of the bloodline tower. However, he still didn’t contact her.

Due to the suppression of the bloodline tower, black Isotta was able to free up one of his hands and quickly took in the four major Southern factions near the central region, making them their subordinates.

Of course, a Dark Horse had emerged at this time, and it was the house of the undead.

Nikola, who could temporarily expand to the power of the third circle, also took in the other forces and became another major force, restricting the black Isotta’s expansion.

For a time, the entire West Coast was in a state of chaos. In the central, Black Isotta suppressed the bloodline tower. In the south, there was the house of undead. White Tower was at the southernmost end.

The White Tower had developed quite well in the past few years and had already gathered most of the forces and resources in the southernmost region. It was a large force, but of course, it was still far from being comparable to them. The only reason it was in such a position was that the rest was all busy and didn’t have time to deal with Tower tower.

In the dark, the mage force, iris camp, was also developing.

On the other hand, Eli was also gathering some information by relying on the spread of his influence.

The seventieth year.

At this point, everything was basically stable.

At this time, although the number of cells in the Black Tower prison had decreased a lot, with Nikola’s support, this was insignificant. He had also reached the limit of a second-circle mage.

He began another accumulation stage.

In the same year, after Tijie’s death, Catarina, who had advanced to the second circle, took over the mage camp. That day, Eli was in prison when he received tijie’s message.

“My Lord, I’ve already arranged your tasks. I’m really sorry, but I can’t accompany you for the rest of the journey.”

At that time, Eli had mixed feelings. He suddenly realized that the White Tower had been established for almost two hundred years and that Tijie was almost three hundred years old. Due to years of hard work, her vitality declined, and she died.

That day, he left the Black Tower prison and the White Tower. He attended Tijie’s funeral, presented a bouquet of white flowers, arranged some affairs, and then left.

...

He was already used to it.

People would die.

Except for him.

At this moment, Nikola had given two million souls to Eli, but he still owed Eli.

..

In the blink of an eye, it was the eightieth year.

At this moment, everything was still stable, and it was a rare period of peace.

The iris camp had also become a huge Mage force. It was no longer called a camp, and its sphere of influence had expanded further. Its tentacles had even begun to spread in the central region, and Catarina was in charge of it.

Eli had also finally made great achievements in his research on the devouring runes. He had created his own devouring spell. Although he had not achieved much so far, it was still a milestone.

Nikola currently owed Eli three million souls. He had already vaguely realized that with his abilities, he might not be able to pay off his debt in this lifetime. He might as well let it go and become Eli’s subordinate.

The debt was written off.

...

From the looks of it, he seemed to have profited.

..

The 90th year.

A war broke out between the bloodline tower and the black Isotta. It was said that even the third circle mages had taken action. The impact was huge. The war only lasted for three years, but it had caused a huge impact.

In this war, the bloodline tower was at a disadvantage, and this caused a miraculous change to everything. This war meant that White Tower had free reign to develop steadily.

This period of time lasted for almost ten years.

The war in the central region was almost over, and no one knew what would happen next for the White Tower.

“Sigh, even I couldn’t have predicted that so many things would happen!”

Eli retracted his gaze and returned to his room.

Time was on his side, but he couldn’t control what was happening, but fortunately, he was getting stronger and stronger.

He had this confidence, and it came from the accumulation of everything.

In the past, he might have panicked when facing multiple two-circle warlocks, but now, there was no problem at all. The accumulation of a hundred years had not only increased his strength but also allowed him to have a clearer understanding of himself and his forces.

He was really strong.

Thump thump thump!

Suddenly, a bell rang.

Eli looked out the window curiously. If he remembered correctly, three rings of the bell meant a level one all-organization alert. Although it was less than six rings, this was already quite a serious matter.

“It seems like something has happened?”

Eli frowned. At the same time, the token also received Kratos’ message.

“Come to a meeting now!”

It was enough to explain the seriousness of the matter because it had been decades since Eli attended the Parliament, and this time, Kratos actually took the initiative to remind him.

Eli tidied his clothes and walked out of the black Tower. This was the second time he stepped out of the black Tower in 50 years. The first time was to attend Tijie’s funeral.

He wanted to see what had happened.