Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

198  Counterattack Under the scorching sun. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Everyone's eyes were determined as they stared into the distance. The atmosphere was extremely heavy. Under such circumstances, even the sound of a bird flying past could be clearly heard.

Everyone knew that they were about to face a terrifying danger, but the majority of them did not turn back because they knew that they had no other choice. This battle was for the White Tower.

Suddenly, in the distant dust, everyone heard the sound of footsteps. Although they were light, they were very clear. It felt like stepping on the ground piled up with fallen leaves in the quiet forest, and it entered everyone's ears.

Someone was there!

A human figure slowly appeared in the dust.

"Are they finally here?" Kratos took a deep breath and sensed his little vitality. This should be his last battle, and no matter what the result was, it had nothing to do with him.

It was just a pity for this force.

"I'm getting a little excited!" Rawls grinned, revealing his teeth. At the same time, the battle blood in his body began to boil!

Unlike the other apprentices, as one of the higher-ups, they didn't have a chance to surrender. They could only fight, but they didn't know where Herman was.

"It's finally here!" Rolant also showed a sinister smile.

Although it was a little late, it was normal.

"Hmm, should be Lord Kroda." Rolant stared at the figure in the dust, trying to guess who would be the first to come out. He felt that it should be the team leader of the assassins.

"Eh, that's not right. His body isn't that thin!" Rolant suddenly felt that something was wrong. As the figure got closer, he found that the figure did not look like those people, but more like ...

"Sir Herman!"

Suddenly, a Warlock pointed at the figure and said. His eyes were as sharp as an Eagle's.

Herman?

The Warlock's voice was very abrupt, like a sudden clap of thunder on the ground, causing everyone to feel a burst of shock, but what made them even more dumbfounded was the words that came out of the Warlock's mouth.

"Herman?"

"how can it be Sir Herman? even if he is, he should be coming out from behind."

"but it does look like it."

"impossible, that's impossible!"

The heavy atmosphere was instantly destroyed. Some warlocks questioned, while others looked at the figure as if they wanted to see if he was telling the truth.

"Herman?? "

Confused, Kratos looked at the figure.

This figure really did look a little similar.

"It really does look like Sir Herman."

"I saw it. It really is Sir Herman."

Some Warlocks had bloodlines that were good at observation, and they seemed to be able to see Eli's face through the distance. As Eli got closer, everyone seemed to realize that this person was really Herman.

"It's really him!"

When he was a few kilometers away, Kratos finally confirmed that the figure was Herman, but he was even more confused.

"Why was Herman in front?"

"This ..." Rawls blinked his eyes as he didn't understand either.

Rolant's heart skipped a beat. "Is it actually Herman? " he thought it was his masters. But if it was Herman, where did his masters go?

He was very confused.

Just like that, under everyone's gaze, Eli walked a few kilometers in front of the defense line and arrived in front of it before everyone's dumbfounded eyes. Then, he jumped up.

"Herman, you ..."

On the defensive line, everyone's eyes were on him. Kratos and Rawls were also looking at him as if they wanted an explanation.

"Herman, what were you doing here?" Rolant asked directly.

"I'm meeting a friend," Eli said kindly as he looked at Rolant with a smile.

Meeting a friend?

These words made a few of them dumbfounded.

"Friend? Herman, you've gone too far. How could you leave the White Tower without permission at a time like this?" The others looked at Eli while Rolant said rudely. He was going to leave this place anyway, so he wasn't afraid of the consequences.

"Yes, you're right." Eli hurriedly nodded, but his gaze became even kinder as he said, "I also brought my friends over. You know them too. Do you want to take a look? "

"What?" Rolant frowned. He was about to scold Eli again, but Herman suddenly moved.

With a wave of his hand, eight heads lay in a row on the ground in front of him.

In an instant, Rolant's eyes widened. He looked at the eight heads in front of him, and his body was filled with fear, making it difficult for him to breathe.

These eight heads were the eight masters he had seen the day before yesterday.

What had happened?

His body froze, and he couldn't say a word.

"This seems to be our opponent." A second circle White Tower representative shouted as he looked at the row of heads.

After two days, they had seen the portraits of all the higher-ups of the black isotta Alliance, and the faces of the heads in front of them matched them.

"This is our enemy?"

"But why are they here?"

"So, Sir Herman is this strong? "

"Oh my God, I was just thinking about what to do. Now it seems like I was overthinking. But this is too unbelievable. Could it be true?"

No one was a fool. Looking at their heads and seeing that Eli had just returned from the front line, they could guess what had happened. Herman had killed the enemy.

However, these were eight second-circle warlocks!

Herman had killed eight peak second-circle warlocks by himself. It was ridiculous. Everyone looked at Eli as if they wanted him to give a precise answer.

"Herman, did you kill all these?" Kratos asked with great difficulty, one word at a time.

"Yes!"

It was a definite answer.

"Oh!" Kratos nodded and closed his eyes. The amount of information was too small for him to accept. He was ready to fight with all his might just now, but he was suddenly told that Herman had killed the enemy easily.

Rawls' boiling blood gradually cooled down. He suddenly felt that he might have thought too much just now. How embarrassing!

Every time, Herman would surprise him, and he felt that his knowledge was really lacking.

"You're worthy of being my Lord." Ross, who was in the crowd, looked at Eli with even more admiration as if he had returned to the day when the White Tower was about to be destroyed by the Blood Alliance.

Although a hundred years had passed, his master was still the person with the highest battle power in the White Tower.

Even Kratos and the others were so surprised, not to mention the other members.

"Holy sh * t, it's actually true. I suddenly understand why Lord Herman has an honorary title."

"Me too. I used to think that he wasn't worthy. I was an idiot."

"One person against eight? It's ridiculous!"

At this moment, everyone fell into silence. They all had their own thoughts. Shock, disbelief, doubt, and admiration were all mixed together.

No one expected the story would have such an ending.

Compared to most people's positive emotions, there was one person who really felt like he had fallen into an ice cave!

Rolant looked at Eli stiffly, his body trembling uncontrollably. He seemed to understand why Eli was acting so strangely just now. He must have been discovered.

However, he couldn't understand why Herman was so strong.

A deep sense of regret instantly filled his body. At this moment, his gaze changed from a dazed look to a pleading look. He understood that once Herman revealed his identity, he would not be able to escape.

"I beg you ..." Rolant spat it out with difficulty.

"You betrayed the White Tower." But Eli was faster, and he said it out loud.

The moment these words came out, everyone once again fell into silence.

"Please, I beg you, spare me this once. Know that I was just blinded by greed. Please give me a chance."

Before the crowd could react, they saw Rolant kneel down and start to beg for mercy.

He knew very well that if they were determined, he would never escape. Moreover, with Herman's combat power, he wouldn't be able to escape.

Looking at Rolant, who was begging for mercy, everyone looked at each other. No one had expected such a scene to happen.

A great victory had suddenly turned into Rolant's repentance. This turn of events was really a little awkward.

"Uh ..." Kratos was also a little confused, but since Herman said it, it should be true.

Rolant's actions proved it all.

"Men, arrest him," Eli said directly. "He has already betrayed us, so there's nothing more to say."

Soon, someone came over to lock Rolant up and walked towards the prison. Rolant did not resist at all, as he knew that he would die faster if he resisted.

"Oh, there is still a force behind, but there is only one warlock at the limit of the second circle. There should be no problem with so many of you. I'll go first. Someone still has to patrol the Black Tower at night!" After looking around, Eli left.

Everyone made way for him and looked at him with strange eyes.

"Fine, I'm sure this is Herman." Rawls' mouth corners twitched," only Herman would do something like this."

"Alright, we'll talk about Herman later. There are still enemies behind us. Let's keep waiting." Kratos shook his head helplessly as he looked at Eli's back.

"Well, since there aren't many enemies left, why don't we take the initiative to attack? We have thousands of people here. Without high-level combat power, they are no match for us at all." Ross suddenly suggested.

In an instant.

Everyone's eyes lit up.

That's right!

Why did they have to wait? they were the ones who had the initiative now!

"Then let's attack directly." Kratos thought for a moment and felt that this was indeed more 

appropriate.

At Kratos' order, all the warlocks smiled.

It was time to counterattack.