265 50 Years

New calendar.

Year 3710 of the first era.

The heart of darkness retreated from the kewu Plains, giving the Holy tower a chance to catch its breath.

In the same year, the bloodlines tower occupied the silver Moon Lake area and absorbed two third-circle warlocks, Simona and Rodin, as well as some other areas. Their power increased greatly.

!!

For a time, the entire West Coast was in a state of chaos.

Meanwhile, Eli returned to the White Tower in the South of the West Coast and began his peaceful life. During this period, the Holy tower invited him to a banquet, but he rejected it.

..

3715.

Five years had passed, and the war between the Holy tower and the heart of darkness was in full swing.

As a great Warlock at the peak of the third circle, Sergei personally went to the battlefield and suppressed the Holy tower with his terrifying strength. In just five years, more than a dozen third-circle warlocks of the Holy tower Alliance died by his hands. However, on the other hand, due to the lack of high-level combat power, the overall progress of the heart of darkness was slow, and it was even faintly suppressed by the Holy tower.

He was very anxious.

This year, Eli’s second circle mechanical knowledge had progressed rapidly, and he had opened the second lock of the box.

There was also the silver-white eye that had entered the second level, and its power had increased greatly.

The increase in talent had also accelerated the speed at which Eli meditated. His mental power had reached a higher point, and it was many times more than before. He could absorb 68 times more elements, a small improvement.

..

Year 3725.

Sergei showed his power and entered the Holy tower area alone, killing ten third-circle warlocks, including three late-stage third-circle warlocks and a Deputy tower chief!

The heart of the darkness was full of momentum. He destroyed the Holy tower and re-entered the core area of the Holy tower. After 15 years, Sergei once again set foot on the road to conquering the Holy tower.

The Holy tower was in danger.

Woox attacked and engaged in a fierce battle with Sergei.

The battle took place in a forest outside the Holy tower. It was said that the moonlight and flames of the day were like the end of the world. All the warlocks outside the forest only saw the most intense battle in their lives.

The battle lasted for half a day, but more than half of the forest was destroyed.

Woox escaped with serious injuries, while Sergei was unharmed!

The heart of darkness charged forward again, but at this moment, another 3-circle ultimate Warlock appeared from the Holy tower and blocked the heart of the night’s attack. The heart of darkness was shocked. It did not expect the Holy tower to have such a backup plan.

Sergei temporarily retreated.

The change in the situation was beyond everyone’s expectations. After Woox was injured, many new faces appeared in the Holy tower and joined the higher-ups, but they were all very strong, and two of them were even at the peak of the third circle!

Sergei was dumbfounded!

The situation of the war changed drastically again. Sergei was strong enough to fight against two ultimate 3-circle warlocks, but it was useless.

The heart of the night relied on his powerful combat power. If he couldn’t do anything, it meant that everything was over. As expected, the heart of the darkness’s Army was defeated again and again. They quickly retreated from the Holy tower’s territory and were even forced into their own territory.

The attack and defense shifted!

This year, Eli had arranged for a few hundred people to start fishing non-stop at Silver Moon Lake in order to obtain the elemental heart fish for him.

The probability of getting the fish was higher during the silver Moon banquet but it did not mean that it was impossible to obtain it during normal times. It was just that the probability was pitifully low, so Eli thought that he should give it a try and let his subordinates try!

It was worth it to save his labor just by paying some money!

This year, his mental power had reached 295 points. He was only 30 points away from a breakthrough. He could now mobilize 75 times the amount of elements in his body, and the die told him that his chances of winning were 6 points.

But this year, Eli also felt that the die’s powers were too limited and decided to cast an even bigger die.

..

A year later, on the basis of the previous dice of fate, Eli refined a new one. It was a twenty-sided dice of fate. This made the prediction more accurate, but Eli also discovered that every time he made a prediction, his life force consumption almost tripled.

Eli finally understood why he was given a six-sided die back then!

It was too life-consuming!

Only Eli could use this evil fate sorcery.

He rolled the die and had an 18% chance of beating Sergei.

Eli had an idea.

And now, Eli knew about Sergei’s situation. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

At this moment, the heart of darkness had actually entered a state of backing off.

Eli guessed that the hourglass had sent out greater reinforcements.

This force was not simple.

..

Year 3755.

The Holy tower advanced into the heart of the night’s core area, and war broke out.

Ten days later, the war ended with the heart of darkness’s defeat!

The heart of darkness’s headquarters had been completely destroyed, and almost all the third-circle warlocks had been captured. Only Sergei had escaped, and he had lost everything.

This year, Eli’s mental power had reached 325 points, and he was getting closer and closer to the late-stage of the third circle.

His silvery-white eye had also reached the third level!

As for the attraction of elements, it was already 90 times that of his own, which was not a normal mage at all. At this time, the probability of defeating Sergei had reached 20 points.

...

Sergei, on the other hand, was wanted by the Holy tower. He was like a stray dog.

..

In the blink of an eye, more than four years had passed!

Sergei had escaped from the Holy tower several times, but the area he could escape to was getting smaller and smaller. He was in his last stage.

In the past few years, Vivika and Nikola had both broken through to the late-stage of the third circle.

There was also a genius in the mage camp.

Right now, Nina was already at the peak of her second ring and had the hope of breaking through to her third ring. She was accepted by Eli as a student and had already taken over the management of the camp!

..

“Damn it, damn it!”

In a forest, a figure knocked down a tree like a black bear and then ran forward. Behind him were dozens of three-circle warlocks!

“How could it be like this?!”

...

Sergei gritted his teeth and ran quickly.

He was different from the elegant and dignified man he had been decades ago. His face was now full of vicissitudes, his black hair was like weeds, and there were a few scars on his face. Even his robe was torn.

Anyone who saw this would not be able to associate him with the once arrogant master of the heart of the darkness.

“All of this is thanks to Herman!” He gritted his teeth.

If not for the dozens of warlocks who had died, how could the war have turned so badly back then? even if they couldn’t defeat the Holy tower, they would at least have the strength to fight.

His life should not be like this!

Originally, once he unified the west coast, he would have had enough congratulatory contribution points to return to the central continent and obtain the materials for his advancement. Then, he would break through to four circle in one go and enter a new level!

But now, he was running away in a hurry like a stray dog!

Moreover, there was no place for him to escape to on the entire West Coast.

The Holy tower would not let him go. He was dead.

However, he had to do something before he died!

“I want revenge, I want revenge!” Sergei gritted his teeth.

He wanted to kill Herman and let him experience his pain!

Thinking of this, Sergei turned around, and the dozens of warlocks behind him stopped.

He took a deep breath, and in an instant, endless moonlight covered him. He directly broke through in one direction, and after killing a Warlock, he did not look back and continued in the direction he had determined.

All the way to the South!

Only for Herman.