290 Ten Years

Year 3824.

The bloodline tower had defeated the Holy tower coalition on the outskirts of the Holy tower.

The Holy tower invited the half-step celestial Warlock Klay, but he was killed by Herman from the bloodline tower. Many of the third-circle warlocks were slaughtered. The former master of the Holy tower, Woox, committed suicide, and Situ escaped!

The remaining forces of the Holy tower surrendered to the bloodline tower after a difficult struggle.

Since then, the South and central regions of the West Coast had been unified, forming a situation with the bloodline tower as the leader and many other forces as support.

At this moment, Eli had already returned to the bloodline tower.

In the ruins.

Hill’s green branches swayed gently beside him.

Eli sat on the lawn, the warm sun shining on his face.

There was a large patch of grass not far away, and the small green grass swayed gently under the gentle breeze. Hydra, who had already recovered, was resting in it. Further away was an artificial ocean environment, and the water element fruit tree was once planted in it!

It was easy and comfortable!

This was the current state of Eli. It had been a long time since he was so relaxed!

“I’ll be able to relax for a long time from now on. I’ll slowly prepare for my breakthrough and learning!”

… Eli pondered.

Following the Holy tower’s defeat, the West Coast suddenly calmed down.

The hourglass would not head south any time soon because their so-called Lord seemed to be in a deep sleep. At least, he would not be able to recover in a short time.

Next, he would meditate and learn, while the rest would be to improve his various techniques, such as the Silver Eye, alchemy machinery, and so on. Of course, he also needed to hone the Soul Blade.

“But I can’t relax either. The so-called ‘Lord’ in the hourglass might be a celestial. We still have to be careful.” Eli was also a little worried.

On the one hand, there were unknown enemies, and on the other hand, there were no clues about breaking through to the true soul level. Although the bloodline tower’s influence had spread all over the West Coast, such high-level knowledge was still difficult to find.

‘I wonder how Jin Ji is doing. He’s been gone for a while!’ Eli pondered. Towards this person who was blessed by fate, Eli still had some hope.

‘Oh, right, there’s also the silver Moon Lake banquet. It seems to be the same next year!’

As if recalling something, Eli’s eyes lit up.

His talent was stuck at the limit of a third-grade talent. With the silver lake banquet, he might be able to break through to a second-grade talent. By then, his meditation speed would probably be much faster.

“Let’s hope we’ll get something this year.” Eli pouted.

..

In the blink of an eye, a year had passed.

The progress of the bloodline tower was much faster than Vivika had expected. It only took nine months to completely stabilize the territory and clean up everything.

What was interesting was that half a year ago, when they were cleaning up the Holy tower prison, they accidentally found Udo.

After learning that he knew Eli and that he was locked up because he didn’t want to participate in the battle, Vivika even asked Eli how to deal with it.

Eli thought about it for a moment, and in the end, Udo joined the bloodline tower and managed a portion of the former Holy tower’s territory. Udo was happy to accept this arrangement.

Other than that, there was also the silver Moon banquet that lasted for two days.

As expected, he did not catch a single elemental heart.

However, he did catch another precious fish. After taking it, his elemental perception had improved to a certain extent, so he did not come back empty-handed this time.

..

Peaceful days were always uneventful.

Another year passed.

Far away in the irises’ campsite, Nina was about to break through when Eli gave her a magic potion.

Three days later, Nina broke through to become a third circle mage and became the first third-circle mage in the irises camp.

However, the problem was that the forces of the irises camp had shrunk by a quarter. The reason was that the soul slaves released by Situ returned to the mountains, the mountains where the mages were active.

This caused them quite a bit of trouble. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Thus, Eli made a special trip to brand these magical beasts again and took control of this batch of magical beasts.

Since then, a batch of usable second and third circle magical beasts had appeared under Eli’s command. Their number had reached around 40000, and it was still increasing!

..

Year 3830.

That year, Rodin had died and Vivika had broken through!

Eli’s research on soul runes had a certain direction now, and his mechanical alchemy was progressing very quickly. It was not long before Eli opened the third box.

This year, Eli’s mental power point was 375.

The Holy tower’s failure led to the bloodline tower’s growth, which also led to more resources available to him. With the help of a large number of resources, Eli’s mental power had rapidly improved, and he was still not far from a breakthrough.

However, Eli did not intend to break through at 400 points.

For the sake of his future growth, he hoped to advance only when he reached a bottleneck. Anyway, he didn’t lack that little bit of time.

..

Another five years passed.

In a stable environment, Eli’s mechanical alchemy was going smoothly.

He was only one step away from breaking through to become a third-circle mechanical Alchemist.

...

After five months of bottlenecking, Eli finally had a breakthrough in his mechanical studies.

And the breakthrough also meant that Eli could finally open the box.

..

In the secret realm.

Below Hill, Eli looked at the box in his hand.

The box looked exactly the same as it did a few hundred years ago. It was silver in color and covered in patterns. There were three mechanical locks on the sides and the front.

At this time, the two side locks had already been opened, only the middle lock was still closed.

“Then, the third one!”

Eli’s eyes were calm as he looked at the box.

He had been curious about this box for a long time.

He got it from Vivika, who got it from the original owner of the bloodline tower, Natasha, who got it from a mechanical relic in the central continent.

...

He was very curious about what was inside!

Could it really be related to the legendary mage Gray’s tower?

Eli didn’t forget that these forces that came to the West Coast were all looking for clues to this illusory ruin, and they had stayed there for hundreds of years.

Even though the mages had left for thousands of years, they still did not give up.

“Let’s not think about it. We’ll know what it is once we open it.” Eli shook his head and gently placed the box on the ground.

Looking at the mechanical lock, Eli took a deep breath.

He began to unlock it.

Three days later, there was a cracking sound.

Eli watched as the mechanical lock suddenly split open, revealing the scene inside. Countless gears and spell formations were still spinning, and with a clack, the gears fitted together one by one!

This process lasted for ten seconds.

Ten seconds later, the box was opened with a click.

The contents of the box were also revealed to him.