387 Hill’s Ability

Eli’s voice wasn’t just a simple voice. It also contained Eli’s massive mental power and the support of the silver-white eye.

The loudspeaker didn’t amplify the sound but spread the influence of the mental force far away.

In an instant, layers of airwaves spread out in all directions. In the blink of an eye, the sound had already traveled dozens of kilometers. The aura belonging to Eli was also revealed without any concealment. Everyone could feel the strength of this power. Even the weak Warlocks might have directly fallen to the ground. Ordinary people would not be able to sense it because their mental power was too weak.

Other than humans, there were also magical beasts.

In an instant, countless birds in the sky lost their consciousness and fell to the ground. On the ground, the pace of the magical beasts also instantly stopped. Countless magical beasts were directly stunned by the mental power and trampled to death by the huge beast tide.

Even the advancing magical beasts slowed down and finally stopped.

Then, something shocking happened.

Countless magical beasts instantly changed directions and fled in the original direction as if there were some terrifying creatures at their original destination.

Even the three Radiant Moons creatures quickly left after a moment of hesitation.

Their perception of danger was even more acute. The moment the sound appeared, they felt a terrifying sense of suffocation!

Once they went over, they would definitely not survive. Therefore, the three magical beasts turned around and left.

They were attracted by the life force, but if they had to pay the price of their lives, it would not be worth it.

A Warlock looked at the leaving Beast Tide in a daze.

He had never thought that the beast tide would be dealt with in such a way. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“That was the voice of Sir Eli, wasn’t it? Could it be that my lord was so strong?”

” That’s tens of thousands of Magical Beasts! They just left like that! ”

All the Warlocks were confused. Who would have thought that a crisis would be resolved just like that?

” Wait a minute. There are many corpses of Magical Beasts outside. We’re rich! ” Suddenly, a Warlock’s eyes lit up as he shouted.

The others also heard it. They looked out of the city and saw countless magical beasts that had fainted. There was no lack of magical beast resources.

Everyone only had one thought in their minds-they were rich!

…

On the other side, Eli clearly did not know that his shout had caused such a huge commotion.

Eli was only carefully observing the tree not far away. With the release of life force this time, Hill had also completely completed this advancement.

Although the commotion was a little big, it was fortunately resolved smoothly.

The next step was to wait calmly.

Not far away, Glen’s mouth was wide open. He had witnessed everything with his own eyes.

What the hell!

The beast tide led by three Radiant Moon magical beasts was gone just like that?

” Nikola, can I ask you a question? ” Suddenly, he looked at Nikola.

“Sure!” Nikola was also watching this scene, but he didn’t have much of a reaction because, in his heart, Eli had always been very strong. Eli was so strong that he could match the mages of old. He felt that Eli’s combat strength was not inferior to the peak of the four-ringed! Naturally, Eli would be stronger than warlocks.

“Just how powerful is our lord?” Glen asked.

“Can’t you tell?” Nikola glanced at Glen and gave him a perfunctory reply.

Eli was quite careful to hide this, so he did not say anything.

“Oh!”

Glen nodded and did not ask any more questions.

Elsewhere, Eli was flying toward the forest.

Eli finally landed in the middle of the forest after crossing a large area of tall trees.

At this moment, aside from Hill, there was nothing else here. However, the life force here was very high, far surpassing that of the Grassi Lands.

“So, what kind of seed is she?”

Eli pondered.

“Daddy!”

At this moment, a crisp sound suddenly rang out. Eli was shocked. It was not until a branch reached out that Eli realized that Hill had woken up.

“Is it Hill?” asked Eli.

“It’s me, Daddy!” A voice came back. It was a little more mature than the one Eli had heard before. It was about five to eight years old.

“Wait, don’t call me daddy!” Eli felt a little awkward when he heard this title.

Becoming the father of a tree sounded weird.

“But you’re my father. Ever since I was planted, you’ve been by my side!” Hill didn’t seem to think anything was wrong.

“Uh …” Eli was speechless.

After a few more rounds of pushing and shoving, he still couldn’t get Hill to change her mind. He had no choice but to admit it!

A tree’s father, so be it.

In this World, everything was possible.

” Alright, call me whatever you want. Let me ask you a question. Hill, have you changed after you leveled up? ” Eli asked curiously.

“I’m taller. Does that count?” Hill asked in confusion.

” I’m talking about a special ability, just like the life aura you control,” answered Eli.

...

“Uh …” Hill fell silent for a few seconds before she spoke again. ” Daddy, it seems like I can control the plants within a certain range. I can make some of them grow faster, turn plants’ vitality into life sources, and make magical plants breakthrough! ”

After hearing this, Eli’s mouth fell open.

He realized that he had underestimated Hill!

Increasing the growth rate was powerful enough.

Her second skill was even better. Life source was a miraculous force, it was the source of all life.

As for the last skill, it was also very awesome. One had to know that there were level limits to bloodlines, let alone plants!

As if he suddenly remembered something, Eli looked up at Hill and asked, “Can you transform the vitality of other creatures?”

Eli’s voice almost trembled.

Could Hill transmute Eli’s vitality? If it were possible, this was a technique even more broken than the Explosive Blood Technique.

If it were possible, Eli could use the life force to nurture a large number of high-level magic plants and then refine them into magic potions. Why did Eli almost never use magic potions at the celestial stage? Did he not have the formula? Was it because he didn’t have enough skills?

Neither.

...

It was because he did not have a magical plant at the celestial level!

At this moment, he looked at Hill, and his mood had not been so excited for a long time!

Although Hill didn’t quite understand why her father was so excited, she still replied, “Sure!”

“My good daughter!”

Hearing the answer, Eli took a deep breath.

He finally understood.

How long had he had this treasure by his side?