Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

390 Liliana’s Late-night “Chat”

Life was always simple and pure.

Just like that, Vivika settled down in the Grassi Land.

The next day, Eli instructed Alida to give the Anas family some resources!

After all, there might be a day when Vivika would need to reincarnate again. He would keep this family alive in case of an accident.

!!

However, Eli also felt very regretful because he knew very well that Vivika’s original purpose was definitely not to reincarnate like this. It could even be said that Vivika’s purpose was to achieve eternal life in another way.

There was no doubt that she had failed, but she had also succeeded.

Just as they had agreed, the two of them met again, although they did not know each other.

It was just like the first time they met, but this time, he did not take Vivika as his student!

Nikola had also learned how to take care of a child from Dylan. Who knew that Dylan would have such knowledge?

However, it was also a huge test for Nicholas. Thankfully, Vivika was tenacious and nothing went wrong.

Just like that, a month passed.

One day, at dusk.

Eli walked out of the laboratory. On the grass not far away, Vivika was riding Dylan with a happy smile.

Dylan looked helpless.

“Go over there, Doggie!” Vivika seemed to have seen Eli as she patted Dylan.

” I told you, I’m not a dog. I’m a mechanical creation. ” Dylan was helpless, but he still walked towards Eli.

When he came over, Vivika jumped down from the dog and ran over to hug him.

“Brother Eli!”

Eli smiled as he patted Vivika’s head. “Looks like you’re getting along well with Dylan!”

“Hehe!” Vivika smiled while Dylan sighed deeply.

Suddenly, a figure walked in from the entrance of the valley. It was Alida.

Alida was very fast and arrived in front of Eli in the blink of an eye.

“Greetings, sir.” Alida bowed to Eli and then looked at Vivika.

“Is this the child that my lord brought back recently? So cute!” Alida smiled and wanted to pinch Vivika’s face, but Vivika immediately hid behind Eli and looked at Alida carefully.

Seeing Vivika dodge, Alida seemed a little embarrassed.

“This child is a little shy. What brings you here, Alida?” Eli smiled.

Compared to the courage of the previous Vivika, this Vivika was much more timider. This might also be related to the environment. For a seven or eight-year-old child to survive alone in the family for a few years, one could imagine how many difficulties she had encountered.

Alida quickly recovered and replied, “Sir, the people in charge of the Golden Cicada Merchant Association and the Charm Mansion have arrived. ”

Eli’s eyes lit up, and he turned to Vivika. “I’m going to do something. You and Dylan can play for a while. ”

“Alright!” Vivika nodded sensibly.

“Bring me to meet the leaders of the two forces. I still have some things to discuss with them.” Eli said to Alida.

“Alright.”

Alida nodded and walked out.

Eli followed.

…

Soon, Eli returned to Bloodline City after half a month.

The first person he met was the person in charge of the Golden Cicada Merchant Association.

“Ian!” Eli walked into the room and was a little surprised when he saw who it was.

The person in charge of the Golden Cicada Merchant House was actually the person at Holmes City whom he had met before.

“Sir, long time no see. I am the Warlock in charge of the exchange between the Golden Cicada Merchant Association and you. I am also the person in charge of this branch!” Ian was quite polite and humble.

“Yes.” Eli nodded.

The two of them sat down, and Ian began to tell Eli about their plans for the future construction, as well as the connection with the Bloodline Tower.

“Sir, do you have any other ideas?” Ian asked after the meeting. “Lord Conilla has said that as long as it’s something you propose, we will consider it. ”

“There are indeed some. I might need to buy something,” Eli nodded.

“Oh?” Ian asked curiously.

” I need some fourth-circle potion formulas from the Mage Era, as well as the corresponding magical plants. Next, I want to establish a long-term contract with you. In the next few decades, I want to carry out certain modifications to the Bloodline Tower, and I might need a lot of resources. ”

“Sir, the potion formula isn’t difficult. The Golden Cicada Merchant Association does have a lot of them. As for the resources, can you give me a rough amount? I need to confirm it!” Ian asked curiously.

” I’m not sure about the exact number, but it will be a lot. Of course, this is a trade, and it’s mutually beneficial. Of course, the Bloodline Tower is still in its development stage, so we might not have sufficient money. Perhaps I’ll exchange it with fourth-circle magic plants. What do you think? ” Eli said.

“Of course… Wait, a fourth-circle plant?” Ian’s eyes widened.

At this moment, he even thought that he had misheard.

Although Warlocks didn’t know how to use magic plants, any item that was in the fourth circle was extremely precious.

“Of course, you can.” Ian hurriedly replied. If it were truly those plants, they would definitely make a profit.

“Okay, that’s good.” Eli nodded.

He had tried it out in the past half a month. With his current efficiency, he should be able to cultivate a fourth-circle plant in a week. Of course, he had to cultivate it from the third circle. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

...

After that, Ian and Eli talked about many more details and decided on a plan for now.

” That’s it then. I still have a lady to meet! ” Eli stood up and said goodbye.

Ian also stood up and left. He couldn’t wait to report this business to his superiors.

Eli turned around and left the room, then entered another room.

Looking at the beautiful Liliana, Eli spread his hands and smiled. “I haven’t seen you for a long time, Miss Liliana.”

“Sir, long time no see!”

Liliana was wearing a purple robe that covered her voluptuous figure. She was wearing a pair of black silk socks. She bent her legs slightly and greeted Eli, showing off her beautiful calves.

Eli’s eyes lit up when he saw it.

Liliana smiled. Last time in Holmes City, she noticed that Eli had glanced at her black stockings. This time, she was right.

” Miss Liliana, I should have already arranged for the Charm Mansion to be here. Why are you here? ” Eli said with a smile.

“Speaking of which, I still have to thank you for this.” Liliana smiled and continued, “But this time, I’m not here for this matter. I’m here for another matter. It’s about deeper cooperation with you, sir!”

...

“Oh?” Eli looked surprised.

“Sir, our Charm Mansion is the most well-informed faction in Central Mainland. Moreover, we have sufficient information on other aspects. We believe that Sir is strong enough, so we hope to establish a deeper relationship. Sir, what do you think?” Liliana looked up at Eli.

Eli fell into deep thought.

He understood that this was a collaboration.

It was his first time in Central Mainland, so he was indeed lacking in information. If he could get help from the Charm Mansion, it might really be a good choice.

“Sure.” In just a few seconds, Eli answered directly.

Liliana was stunned.

In fact, she had only come to say hello and to probe Eli’s intentions.

But she didn’t expect it to succeed just like that.

Then why was she discussing with the teacher for so long?

In the next second, her smile became even brighter, as beautiful as a blooming flower.

” Then, Sir, I think we should talk somewhere else. ” Liliana said.

Eli looked at the setting sun outside the window, nodded, and said, “I have a wizard tower there. Let’s go there and talk.”

“Good!”

Liliana smiled and nodded.

The two of them quickly left the place and went to the Tower, where they had a secret talk all night.

The next day.

In the wizard tower, Eli watched Liliana disappear on the road. He got dressed and prepared to leave.

Looking at the black stockings in the corner of the room not far away, Eli blinked.

“I didn’t expect Liliana to be a virgin.” Eli threw the stockings into the trash can and stretched his body.

However, Eli understood that even though the Charm Residence made a living from this, not every member was like that. At least a Radiant Moon Warlock student would not need to be like that!

“Let’s go!”

Shaking his head, Eli left the tower and returned to the Grassi Land.

Everything was settled. Even the eight-armed Naga did not worry him. Liliana told him last night that the eight-armed Naga was surrounded by several forces and might not even be able to survive.

Therefore, the next step was to wait for the resources from the Golden Cicada Chamber of Commerce.

After that, he would transform his forces and improve himself.