403 Advancement

The expansion of the Bloodline Tower was in full swing. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

More news about the war spread.

The Akasha Family joined forces with the Eight-Armed Naga to fight in Nightfall City. The Bloodline Tower’s Honorary Tower Master, Eli, single-handedly suppressed more than a dozen celestials and killed thirteen of them. He then fought with the Radiant Sun Warlock Ma Mu of the Eight-Armed Naga Family and finally killed Ma Mu.

And this was just the beginning.

With the return of the Warlocks from the Bloodline Tower, more details were known to everyone.

For example, Eli broke the Celestial warlocks’ heads one by one, confronted the 500-meter-tall Ma mu, and killed Ma mu in a head-on battle. He even had the strength to protect Nightfall City!

Some people even doubted the authenticity of this matter. However, when everyone went to the place where the war took place and saw only a huge celestial crater that was dozens of kilometers wide and Nightfall City that was dozens of kilometers away, no one doubted the authenticity of this matter anymore.

In an instant, even the third Imprint of Faith began to slowly condense.

However, compared to this, the other one caused an even greater commotion. Whether it was the elemental cannons that shocked the sky, the huge spell formation set up on the city walls, the weapons branded with runes, or the potions that were extremely effective, they all shocked many Warlock forces.

Therefore, many Warlocks traveled thousands of miles to the Bloodline Tower to purchase these items.

For a time, the orders for the Bloodline Tower skyrocketed!

However, there was another problem.

” Sir Eli, our production is too low. There are still too few Warlocks who have mastered Potionology. It’s rare to see high-level ones. We’ve had orders for at least three years now! ” Glen said to Eli with a worried expression.

“The infrastructure is still too weak.” Eli sighed.

Although 25 years seemed like a long time, it was still too short compared to building a basic system.

However, there was no way to solve this problem at the moment. He could only reduce the number of alchemical potions he sold. There was even less of a solution for alchemical machines. The Bloodline Tower didn’t even have enough for its own use, so selling them was even more ridiculous. Of course, they weren’t that short of money.

Eli voiced out his thoughts.

“That’s the only way.” Glen sighed helplessly and left.

…..

Another month passed.

Eli came to the side of the potion field.

In the fertile magic herb field, the Mandala Flowers grew to a height of half a meter. Its seven-colored petals were like a dream. Among these Mandala Flowers, there were two that were even taller and larger than the others. The aura they emitted had also reached the level of a four-circle.

“The main materials are almost ready. I have to prepare to break through as soon as possible.”

Eli fell into deep thought.

Thanks to the efforts of the Bloodline Tower and the Golden Cicada Trade Union, the collection of the ingredients for Eli’s Dark Sun Potion had been completed.

Although the Eight-Armed Naga had not made a move, war was inevitable.

Eli still felt that it was better to be stronger!

He had to be careful!

And because of this unknown threat, he also obtained some information about the Eight-Armed Naga. He knew that the Eight-Armed Naga’s patriarch, Jesse, was a powerful Radiant Sun Warlock. There was also a Dark Sun and a Sun Corona Warlock. There were a total of three Radiant Sun Warlocks.

These were three powerhouses!

Of course, Eli had a very clear understanding of himself. He knew that his combat power was actually equivalent to the peak of the fourth circle. But what if Jerre was a genius?

“Let’s try using the Dice of Fate!”

Eli took out the Dice of Fate that he had not seen for a long time.

“The possibility of me defeating Jerre!”

Throw!

The dark golden die flickered with a unique color. The light shone out, and the surrounding air even trembled slightly. That was the power of destiny that had been accumulated for nearly two thousand years.

The majestic aura even surprised Eli, and he even felt that there might be other changes to this mage tool one day.

The Dice of Fate spun for more than ten seconds before it stopped, facing up.

Eli looked over. Nineteen!

Hiss!

It was indeed terrifying!

“Yes, if we add the other two Glorious Suns and the entire Naga clan, then the chances of us winning will probably be even lower!” Eli looked serious.

As expected, he still needed to be stronger.

Therefore, he had to break through quickly.

Eli shook his head and walked towards the laboratory not far away.

…..

A month later!

Eli walked out of the laboratory with a bottle of dark red potion in his hand, emitting a unique aura.

“The Dark Sun Potion is used to break through to the sun corona from the Dark Sun stage. I failed three times before I succeeded! ” Eli sighed as he looked at this hard-earned potion.

High-level potions were much more difficult to make than low-level potions. Moreover, he did not prepare for a long time before making this, so the success rate was naturally not high.

In the past, he would have to wait for at least two years before this could happen. However, with the appearance of Hill, he had enough magical plants. Naturally, he did not need to prepare for a long time. He chose to improve his potionology skill directly through practice!

If other mages knew about this, they would probably die of envy. After all, the practice would make a huge improvement in potions. It was just that ingredients for high-level potions were too precious, and only Eli could waste materials like this.

Once the potion was ready, it meant that he was ready to break through.

Eli walked towards the mage tower next door.

...

At the same time, countless spell formations lit up in the Grassi land, turning into barriers. Mist also rose around the valley, completely sealing this place.

” Protect the valley. No one is allowed to enter! ” Eli shouted before entering the wizard tower.

In the corner of the valley, Hydra raised its huge head. Its body gradually expanded as it swayed, and it let out a neigh.

Nikola, who was next door, also woke up. His eyes lit up, and countless undead flew out of his body, quickly spreading across the entire Grassi land, covering every inch of space to prevent outsiders from entering. His body came to the Mage Tower, guarding the place.

Even Hill was waving his branches. Not only the Grassi Land but even the countless plants dozens of miles away from the Grassi Land heard the order.

“Listen to all movements!”

“He’s going to break through again. How fast!”

Dylan, who was playing with machinery, sighed. With the gradual establishment of the system, they no longer needed to manage the two departments at all times. Most of the time, they spent their time in the Grassi Land Valley.

On the other side, the door of the tower was tightly shut.

A burst of power erupted.

…

...

A week later!

The door of the tower suddenly opened.

Eli walked out.

“I broke through!” Eli sighed.

At this moment, he sensed his body. His celestial body was like a dark sun, but at this moment, the power of the celestial was burning like a flame around the sun. It was like the sun’s corona, emitting a unique light and heat that illuminated his mental space.

“Congratulations, my lord!” Nikola congratulated him, his eyes filled with respect.

Eli had become stronger again. Although he was also a Radiant Moon warlock now, he felt pitifully weak in front of Eli.

Hydra, who was not far away, did not have much of a reaction. It only watched as Eli broke through. It quickly shrunk its body and returned to its previous position, continuing to sleep soundly!

Hill also retracted her life force.

At this moment, the layers of spell formations in the Grassi Ground were unraveled and returned to normal!

“Hey, we have a guest!”

Suddenly, Eli’s gaze turned to the side of the valley as if he had seen something!