408 I, Radiant Sun Warlock Eli, Accept the Faithfulness of the Elves

In the treehouse.

The elven priest looked at Eli excitedly as she wiped the tears from the corners of her eyes.

“Sir, you can call me Yolanda, or you can call me Priest like Erwin!”

Eli looked at the priest in front of him and Erwin, who was sitting upright beside him and nodded at the priest. “Hello, Lord Priest. You can call me Eli! ”

!!

” Alright, Sir Eli! ” The priest nodded and sighed, “My lord, you don’t know how many days I’ve fantasized about the return of my lords. I thought that there would be no hope in this life, but I didn’t expect that in the final stage of my life, my lords would actually return. ”

The priest had lived from the Mage Era and had lived under the protection of the Mages for a long time. She had deep feelings for the mages.

At this moment, Eli was also rather embarrassed, mainly because he was a little melancholic about the lie he had told earlier!

However, his expression was still as calm as usual. He said,” I’m just the vanguard. I don’t know how long it will take for the real Mage army to return. Besides, there are many preparations that I can’t complete by myself. Lord Priest, I need your help! ”

“Ah!” The priest was surprised. ” My lord, the elves will always be loyal to the mages. If you need anything, just ask! ”

Eli blinked his eyes. He did not expect the elves to be so loyal to the mages!

“I do need some help, but I think we should first unify your elf race before we talk about anything else!” Eli said.

“Unify the elves?” The priest frowned and said, ” My lord, you may not know the situation of the elves. The elves have been divided for a long time. It may not be easy to convince them! ”

The priest’s tone was somewhat emotional.

The elves used to be so awe-inspiring, but now they had become like this!

” What if it’s the Mother Tree’s order?! ” Eli looked at the priest and said with a smile.

“Lord Mother Tree…If it’s an order from the Mother Tree, then the elves will definitely not disobey.” The priest shook her head.

“Okay, then go and bring the other elven priests here. We’ll have a good chat!” Eli said.

“Alright, hmm? Sir, what did you say?” The elven priest did not react in time at first, and then she let out a cry of surprise.

” Lord Priest, I forgot to tell you. I found Lord Eli while I was searching for the Mother Tree. Currently, Lord Eli is protecting Lord Mother Tree! ” Erwin replied awkwardly.

“Ah?”

The priest’s mouth was wide open, and her throat moved slightly, but she couldn’t say a word. After more than ten seconds, she looked at Erwin with a trembling voice and said, “You mean, you found the Mother Tree! ”

“Yes!” Erwin nodded.

The Moon Elf Priestess clutched her chest and took a few deep breaths. Even Eli felt that she was about to die!

Of course, this was just a joke. After all, this was a Radiant Moon elf!

After a few minutes, the elven priest finally came back to her senses and looked at Eli. “I’m sorry, my lord. I’m too happy.”

“It’s okay. I understand. “Eli smiled.

” Then, may I know where the Mother Tree is now? ” the Moon Elf Priest asked curiously.

” Currently under my protection. However, it’s very safe now that it’s rooted in the human world! ” Eli said.

” If it’s Lord Mother Tree, then everything will be much easier. ” the Elven Priest said. “Then, my lord, I’ll summon a few other elven priests. Perhaps I can see a united elven race again in my lifetime!” The moon elf priest smiled, but her tone was a little sad!

Because she knew that her idea was almost impossible to realize because even in the Green Field, there were only a small number of elves left. The real elves had no contact with the Mage World, and it was even impossible to find them.

This was because the Mages had conquered many worlds in the past, but most of them were actually very far away from the Mage’s home world. They were all connected through large-scale space-time teleportation circles, and with the departure of the mages, these large-scale spell circles had long been damaged or lost.

“There will be such an opportunity.” Eli consoled.

Eli really thought so. Perhaps one day, he could rebuild these spell formations because the ruins of these spell formations should still be in the central region!

“Thank you, sir!” The moon elf priest nodded and stood up.

She slowly walked to the inside of the treehouse and touched an area. The trees immediately swayed like water waves, revealing a hidden space inside.

The priest carefully took out a branch from it!

The branch was dry, only about ten centimeters long, but it still emitted a strong life aura. Eli felt that this was similar to Hill’s aura. It should be the branch of the previous Mother Tree of Life!

As for the priest, she only held the branch, and it instantly emitted light. Then, five images gradually appeared on the green light screen.

The faces of elves appeared one after another.

The five Elves all looked quite old. There were three males and two females, and they seemed to be from the same era as the Moon Elf Priestess. They all looked at the Moon Elf Priestess as if they wanted an explanation. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The priest looked at these people and slowly said,” As the Elven Royal Family and Moon Elven Priest, I am gathering the Dark Elven Priest, Light Elven Priest, Wood Elven Priest, Blood Elven Priest, and Flower Elven Priest to carry out the plan to integrate the Elven Race! “