424 The Third Round

“Two against two, fair battle!”

The voices of the two Elis rang out at the same time. Even their movements were very similar as if they were controlled by the same will!

At this moment, whether it was the low-level Warlocks of the two forces, Celestial Warlocks, Jesse, or the other Radiant Sun Warlock, they were all staring blankly at the two people in the sky.

“Am I seeing things? Didn’t he die just now?”

!!

” It must be fake. Could it be that Eli is actually triplet? ”

” How can there be three identical bodies? Wait a minute, could it be that the golden light just now was actually Eli? Moreover, these two Eli seem to have become stronger after fusing with that golden light. Could it be that these two Eli are actually the same as the previous Eli? They are both transformed by golden light! ”

“What exactly is this? However, I’ve read some books. Could it be that the one earlier is just a clone?”

The celestials discussed animatedly, deducing the truth of the matter in a few words.

The only problem was that this wasn’t a Warlock. At least he had never seen a Warlock do this!

What kind of bloodline could do this?

The strength and speed of the dragon, the shadow that was like a natural disaster, the control of time, and now there was a new ability, cloning.

These celestials felt that their worldview had received an unprecedented blow.

Was this really a warlock?

If their guess was correct, then there was a more serious problem, which was how strong Eli was.

A clone fought against 14 Celestial warlocks, including three Radiant Suns. After the battle ended, everyone below Radiant Suns died. One of the Radiant Sun Warlocks died and another was heavily injured.

You call this a clone?!

If the other clones also had this kind of power, then there was no need to fight anymore!

In an instant, the eight-armed Naga Warlock’s expression became complicated. The celestial that was fighting Nikola looked at him directly. Even the other celestials of the other Bloodline Towers looked at Nikola. After all, Nikola was a close person to Eli, so he might know.

Nikola was speechless.

Sensing the gazes of these people, the corner of Nikola’s mouth twitched. This time, he really didn’t know!

If he knew, he wouldn’t have acted like that just now!

“I really don’t know!” Nikola said helplessly,

Hearing this, the others raised their heads and looked at the sky again, curious about what would happen next.

…

In the sky.

Jesse’s expression was solemn as he looked at the two Elis in front of him. In fact, the pressure from the two of them was even stronger than the previous one.

“What kind of method is this?” Jesse looked at Eli, and the corners of his mouth couldn’t help twitching!

“Isn’t it obvious? Cloning!” Eli admitted with a smile. There was nothing to hide.

In fact, after today, his method would probably be known by many people. It was impossible to hide it. After all, he could not kill everyone there.

Hearing Eli’s admission, Jesse’s face revealed a pained expression. Beside him, Heda’s mouth also twitched!

Clone?

What the f * ck?!

They had fought with their lives on the line just now, but they had only been fighting a clone, and a Radiant Sun Warlock had died.

What made them despair was that even a clone had beaten them to such a state. Now that there were two more, they were afraid that they would be beaten to death. Moreover, after fusing with the shattered golden light, they were even more powerful than the clone from before.

“Eli, I think there might be some misunderstanding between us!” Jesse took a deep breath and looked at Eli with fear.

At this moment, he was truly terrified!

“Indeed, I think we can discuss it properly. We can make up for your losses!” The other Radiant Sun Warlock also revealed an ugly smile.

Who would have thought that things would develop in this direction?

They felt that they had overestimated Eli’s combat power, but in the end, they had underestimated him!

Moreover, he could vaguely guess why these two clones had only appeared now. They should have rushed over from the other two battlefields. The celestials in those two battlefields were probably all dead! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Then let’s use the Eight-Armed Naga family to compensate!” Eli said calmly.

In the next second, in the already restless air, two huge shadow dragons appeared and roared at the two of them. Their dark golden vertical pupils seemed to be burning with flames!

With a flap of their dragon wings, the two Elis charged at the two eight-armed nagas at an extremely fast speed.

Bang!

The four figures collided almost at the same time. Jesse and the huge shadow dragon collided. They roared and fought, waving the weapons in their hands while the shadow dragon controlled countless shadows to fight!

In just a dozen seconds, the Warlocks on the ground were shocked to find that Jesse was completely suppressed!

Countless shadow tentacles extended out from the void and fixed the Eight-Armed Naga in the void. Its eight arms couldn’t move, and its tail was stitched up by thousands of shadows in the air!

“Eli!” Jesse shouted in panic. At the same time, the weapons in his hands were removed by the shadow one by one!

“You’re scared!”

Eli smiled, and a huge shadow dragon’s breath gathered in his mouth, ready to deal a fatal blow.

Looking at the power that Eli was accumulating, Jesse’s eyes were about to pop out. He struggled crazily, but the shadow binding him made him feel as if his power was hitting nothing. He could not struggle at all.

“Heda, Heda!” His eyes gradually became panicked. He could not help but ask another Warlock for help and look to the other side.

But when he saw the scene in the distance, the fear in Jesse’s eyes became even stronger.

At this moment, Heda was lying on the ground. Her head had disappeared, and a huge penetrating wound had appeared on her chest, exposing the completely damaged tissue. On her body, Eli was flying above her, staring at her coldly!

...

Even Jesse, who was still in good condition, was no match for him, let alone the heavily injured Heda, who was killed by Eli in the blink of an eye.

“Heda is dead!”

Jesse’s eyes trembled. He knew that he could only rely on himself!

He struggled even more crazily, but he felt that the shadows around him were increasing. At first, he could still struggle a little, but now, even his fingertips were controlled, and he could not move!

However, the shadow of Eli before him was getting thicker and thicker, and the sense of death brought by his bloodline was getting stronger and stronger.

“Spare me!”

In the next second, Jesse started to beg for mercy in front of tens of thousands of people.

At this moment, he abandoned his pride as a celestial and his dignity as the Clan Leader. He only wanted to live.

” I can give you everything. I know a lot. Please, Eli!

“Let me go. Sob sob sob!”

Jesse let out a wail, and then his entire body melted into the shadows!

...

From then on, the head of the Eight-Armed Naga family, the top second-class force in the Western Region, the overlord force in the northern part of the Western Region, and the Radiant Sun Warlock, Jesse, had lost his life!

At the same time, almost all the high-end combat forces of the Eight-Armed Naga family were wiped out!