428 Heart of the Abyss

In the grassi land.

In the Mage Tower.

“Looks like the waters of this Eight-Armed Naga clan run deeper than I thought!”

Eli crushed Jess’s soul fragment into a soul crystal and frowned.

!!

He didn’t know when it started, but it had become his habit to search the souls of his dead opponents. It was the same this time. After searching the soul fragments of Jesse’s dead soul, he learned a lot about the Eight-Armed Naga family.

There were a lot of secrets about the Eight-Armed Naga, as well as the matter of the Eight-Armed Naga’s bloodline land that Eli was curious about!

The battle with the Eight-Armed Naga started due to the bloodline cultivation land so he was naturally curious about it.

He was also very curious as to why something would happen to the Eight-Armed Naga’s bloodline cultivation land!

Initially, he had guessed that it might be due to a magical beast or a natural disaster, but he realized that it was not as simple as he thought!

“It’s actually related to the Heart of the Abyss!” Eli frowned. This was something he had not expected.

From Jess’s memories, there was a warlock from the Heart of the Abyss who wore an iron mask. The matter of the Bloodline Land was directly related to this man!

Moreover, the problem in the Eight-Armed Naga Bloodline Land had occurred earlier than everyone had expected.

About fifty years ago, there seemed to have been some problems with the bloodline magic beasts in their bloodline land. The Eight-Armed Naga race had a certain inexplicable decline in bloodline quality!

Bloodline was a decisive factor for a Warlock Patriarch. The Eight-Armed Naga Patriarch naturally requested help from many places. Of course, all of this was carried out in secret, but the result was very bad. They could not find a way!

Jess felt despair, but at this moment, a force that even Jess didn’t expect appeared.

That was the Heart of the Abyss.

The Heart of Abyss contacted them and told them that they could help, but they would need to pay a large amount of resources. At that time, Jess naturally agreed as if he had grabbed onto a life-saving straw. Moreover, it was only resources. Although it was painful, he could accept it!

After that, a special spell formation was set up in their Bloodline Land. It was quite amazing. Ever since the spell formation was set up, the problem of the Bloodline Magical Beasts had been solved bit by bit. Jess also let out a sigh of relief.

However, something unexpected happened after that. As time passed, the environment of the Bloodline Land changed a lot. The life force of the Bloodline Land was rapidly disappearing, and even the life force on the ground was completely withered. At this time, the problem of the Bloodline Land was even greater than before.

They went to question the Heart of the Abyss, but this time, they did not give a good solution. They only provided suggestions.

“You can move to another place!”

What followed was Bloodline Tower’s trouble with the Manticore Clan and the Eight-Armed Naga!

“The sudden help, the spell formation, and the changes to the Bloodline Cultivation Land!” Eli frowned as he pondered!

Although it seemed that there was nothing wrong with these things, he felt that the water was probably deeper than he thought!

Was the Heart of the Abyss really after those resources? As a top-notch force, this shouldn’t have happened!

Eli’s intuition told him that this was not the case. Perhaps that spell formation was the key!

“Looks like I have to make a trip to the Eight-Armed Naga clan in a few days!” Eli shook his head.

However, he knew very well that it might be useless even if he arrived. If there were really a conspiracy, the Heart of the Abyss would definitely deal with everything long ago!

However, he still had to go. At least that way, he might be able to confirm all his guesses.

The most powerful force in the Western Region had been blocking the attacks of the remaining demons under the abyss, but it seemed that this force was still plotting something!

“I hope it won’t affect me. I just want to slowly become stronger and protect myself!” Eli prayed!

It wasn’t easy to destroy the Eight-Armed Naga family, but there seemed to be a bigger conspiracy behind them.

Of course, these were just his guesses. He did not know what the truth was, but he still decided to be as vigilant as possible against the Heart of Abyss.

Those who stood in the light were not necessarily good people.

After thinking for a while, Eli shook his head. The Heart of the Abyss would not be a problem for him for the time being. He could let it go for now. He should focus on the Eight-Armed Naga.

Whether it was the harvest or the cultivation land of bloodline, he needed to investigate it personally.

…..

New Calendar Year 3614, March!

Under the control of the Heart of Abyss, the Eight-Armed Naga stopped fighting with the other Level 2 forces and turned to attack the Bloodline Tower in the south!

The war lasted for only three days. Eli used his doppelganger to defeat the Eight-Armed Naga in Nightfall City, Saka Plateau, and Bloody Moon Lake. The high-end combat forces of the Eight-Armed Naga family were almost completely wiped out. Ten families under his command declared their loyalty to the Bloodline Tower!

The war had ended!

April!

The Bloodline Tower began to conquer the Eight-Armed Naga’s territory. Under the leadership of several forces, the Bloodline Tower’s territory expanded at an unprecedented speed. In just a month, the Bloodline Tower’s actual control area expanded fivefold.

May.

The Bloodline Tower had occupied the territory of all the Eight-armed Naga. During this period, the neighbors of the Eight-armed Naga didn’t steal the territory of the Bloodline Tower because of Eli’s strength. They even expressed their friendliness and were willing to acknowledge the Bloodline Tower’s territory. At this time, although the Bloodline Tower was weak overall, it could still be considered a second-class force.

The Bloodline Tower’s fame had once again spread, and in this process, Eli’s fame had reached its peak!

At the same time, Eli’s third faith imprint was quickly filled up!

At this moment, Eli’s clone, led by the Warlock of the Bloodline Tower, arrived at the bloodline cultivation land of the Eight-Armed Naga!

The situation was worse than what Eli had imagined.

The bloodline cultivation land of the Eight-Armed Naga family was located in a valley between the mountains!

“Is this the place?”

Eli looked up at the valley not far away and frowned!

The valley was not small, almost as big as the Grassi Land, but the valley in front of him was beyond Eli’s expectations.

What greeted Eli’s eyes was a deathly stillness. The entire area of the valley in the distance was dark purple. The ground was cracked, but there was nothing growing inside. There was not even a single weed with strong vitality. However, if Eli remembered correctly, the Eight-Armed Naga usually grew in places with strong vitality.

...

Eli frowned as he walked in. After a simple observation, he found nothing, let alone any traces of a spell formation.

“Looks like the Heart of the Abyss is not simple!” Eli frowned and gently took some soil samples before leaving! Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Just as he had expected, there was no gain, but at least he had confirmed one thing.

That was that the Heart of Abyss was really not simple!

With a matter settled, Eli turned his attention to another matter. As time passed, the inventory of the Eight-Armed Naga family’s legacy was also completed.

It was time to take stock of his gains.