71 The Queen’s Concession

“I found it!”

Queen Cynthia was standing not far away. When she saw the golden light reflected off the hole, she felt at ease. Then, she immediately ordered the soldiers to dig.

The soldiers immediately expanded the cave and found that there was a large karst cave underground. It was filled with gold and treasures. A large number of items were piled together like a sea of gold.

All the soldiers’ eyes lit up, but they didn’t dare to move.

Because all of these belonged to Her Highness the Queen.

As the main force excavating the ruins, they were also the queen’s trusted aides and soldiers who had followed the queen for many years. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Move!”

At the Queen’s order, a Knight immediately jumped into the hole, and the others followed. Everyone moved things out.

Eli was also standing not far away, calmly witnessing everything, his eyes searching for the possible remains of Weiss.

The things were moved out one by one and loaded into the carriage. This work continued for three hours and was not finished.

But it seemed like Eli had finally found his target.

As a pair of soldiers were carrying a pile of boxes out, Eli’s gaze suddenly sensed something. He looked towards one of the boxes and felt a magical reaction from inside.

However, Eli pretended that he didn’t see it. He continued to scan the area casually.

“Damn it. Help!”

Suddenly, a soldier’s cry of alarm came from within the cave.

Following the shrill screams, five or six demonic beasts the size of cattle ran out. Each of them had six eyes, and their legs were as sharp as blades.

One of them directly stabbed its leg into the soldier’s body and then tore him in half.

“Unknown demonic spider, one intermediate zero circle, five beginner zero circle.” Not far away, Eli quickly retreated on his horse and analyzed the strength of the spiders.

He could deal with one intermediate Spider, but it would be troublesome if all of them came out together. Moreover, this was only a part of the spiders that came out. There might be other spiders in the cave.

This made Eli feel lucky that he wasn’t here alone.

The Queen rode on her horse and led the way. A spider pounced on her, but with a flash of a sword, the spider was torn in half.

This was the first time that Eli had seen a Grand Knight in action. Compared to Knights, be it in terms of strength or speed, they were far superior. They were on a completely different level. Furthermore, Queen Cynthia had yet to use her elemental powers.

It was obvious that Queen Cynthia didn’t expect there to be more demonic spiders here. In order to avoid danger, she quickly retreated after killing one. After all, there were hundreds of soldiers, Knights, and even a few Grand Knights here. She didn’t need to do anything.

Queen Cynthia retreated, and the spider was immediately surrounded.

There were at least a few dozen advanced Knights, and in the blink of an eye, these spiders were surrounded and killed. As for the intermediate Spider, it let out an angry howl.

A wind blade flew out, and an intermediate Knight was blown away in an instant. Then, the spider ran towards the empty space. It wanted to escape.

However, it was naturally impossible for it to escape. When it ran to a forest at the side of the mountain, a man suddenly sprang out from the side, holding a huge sword in his hand. Strong wind element instantly wrapped around the sword, and the demonic Spider was torn apart in an instant.

“Is this the power of a Grand Knight?”

Not far away, Eli was watching with interest.

Normally, a Grand Knight would be at the peak of the Knight rank. However, from the looks of it now, it seemed that it was only equivalent to a level 2 acolyte. A slightly stronger Level 2 acolyte could even defeat an ordinary Grand Knight.

After the incident with the demonic Spider, the Grand Knights immediately checked the inside and found seven or eight more spiders. They were quickly killed by the Grand Knights and then burned.

As for the treasures, they were all moved out.

Then, the army returned to Duoling.

As for Eli, he was just an ordinary person, so he naturally followed the Queen back to Duoling.

...

On the way, Queen Cynthia allowed him to choose as he wished.

Eli also casually picked ” that chest ” and two other high-value items. Queen Cynthia just smiled and had them delivered to Eli’s hotel in Duoling.

As for what was inside, she didn’t care.

The entire Lorraine Kingdom was hers, and she really didn’t think there was anything that could make her look highly at it.

The journey took four hours to get there, and six hours to get back, mainly because there were too many treasures.

And with Queen Cynthia’s return, the question of the existence of the Empire’s ruins was resolved on its own, causing those who suspected that Eli and the others were faking it to shut up immediately.

The scholars of the kingdom of Lorraine also acknowledged the power of Clement and Eli. However, those who didn’t know the inside story still felt that Clement was the main contributor. After all, he was a scholar.

Even Marquis Alina thought so.

However, when he personally visited scholar Clement, he was extremely shocked. It turned out that Eli was the main force, and he was only there for support. This allowed him to completely reevaluate the young man.

However, there were only a few who knew what was going on, so even though this matter still had an impact, a large part of the credit was taken away by Clement, which reduced the attention Eli received.

In fact, many people thought that this was just a teacher leading his students to complete an important topic.

Ake, Vera, and Arthur were indignant about this, thinking that it shouldn’t be like this, but Eli thought that it was fine this way. He had already gotten what he wanted, and things like fame were useless to him.

He was full of anticipation to see what was in the box!

But what Eli didn’t expect was that he didn’t even have time to open the box before he left.

As soon as he returned, marquis Alina immediately sought him out, hoping that he could join the diplomatic team. Eli rejected him in all ways, but the marquis was very determined and finally pulled him in.

Just like that, Eli sneaked into the team of Grand scholars, Grand Knights, and Grand nobles. He stayed with them temporarily and began to get busy.

Most of the time, there was nothing for him to do, and he only spoke occasionally.

Then, a few days later, the negotiations resumed.

It was also at the negotiation table that Eli met a different Queen Cynthia for the first time.

Her words were sharp and she didn’t give in. On the battlefield, she was an invincible knight. On the negotiation table, she was a king who would not let go of anything for the benefit of her country.

As for Eli, he was sitting in the corner of the negotiation table.

The negotiations still didn’t go smoothly at first. However, Queen Cynthia later spoke about the Empire’s ruins and gave a speech.

“Originally, I wouldn’t have given in, but your people suddenly gave me a huge inheritance, which is a huge fortune. I’m willing to take a step back in this negotiation and give up some benefits.”

Everyone looked at Eli in the corner while Marquis Alina sighed with emotion that good things would happen with this kid.

Alina also announced that they could take a step back, and just like that, the negotiations between the two countries rapidly progressed.

Ten days later.

The negotiations ended, and the two countries formed an alliance.

As for Eli, who had only wanted to obtain the legacy of Saleen Metatrin’s student, he had inexplicably pushed for diplomatic relations between the two countries. It could only be said to be very intriguing.

After the alliance succeeded, the Bryne convoy did not plan to stay any longer. The exchange was almost over, so they prepared to return to the empire.