85 The Former Head Director

In the blink of an eye, two years had passed.

Everything was calm, and there were no changes. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

A regular life filled him with motivation. Every day, Eli did experiments, went to work, studied, and occasionally had some entertainment.

And the seeds he planted more than ten years ago still hadn’t sprouted. Eli found it strange. He had been watered with nutrients every day, so why didn’t this thing bloom?

!!

However, after some research, Eli found that it should be a seed of a tree, and it was of very high quality. It might be able to provide Eli with the main material for the staff in the future and increase his combat power.

His current staff was the staff he got from Marquis Alina. Then, he integrated it with the staff left behind by victor, so its quality was slightly better than before.

And on this day, as he was returning home from work, he received a piece of news.

The former director was back.

Eli was very happy. After all, having someone to help search for Saleen Metatrin’s legacy was indeed something to be happy about.

In fact, there was a reason why Eli wanted the former director to find something on Saleen. Eli didn’t have any model of a first-circle spell.

He was looking forward to finding something he wanted in Saleen Metatrin’s legacy.

…

They still met at the same familiar place.

“Director, how did it go this time?”

This time, the director seemed to have gone to a more remote place. His hair and clothes were a mess, and it looked like they hadn’t been cleaned for a long time. There was also a scar on his face, which was probably done by a beast.

“Hey, don’t mention it. Let’s drink something first.” Severo sighed, picked up the wine glass beside him, and took a big gulp.

After drinking two bottles in one go, he seemed to feel better. He sighed and said, “Don’t even mention it. I’ve searched many places, but I couldn’t find anyone at all. Instead, I was almost killed by a demonic bear in the East of the vast sea Forest!”

“It’s fine. Being alive is the most important thing.” Ere sighed.

Although he really hoped that Seviro could find it, it was best to find it alive.

Moreover, the demonic bear that could hurt Seviro must be at least at the late stage of the zero-circle level. It could only be said that the world outside was still a little dangerous. Eli decided that he would not put himself in such danger unless he were a level 3 apprentice mage.

“Indeed,” Seviro was a little dejected, but he quickly regained his resolve and said confidently, ” the remaining area is getting smaller and smaller. I feel like I’ll be there soon. I’ll definitely find it.

“I was injured when I was young. This is my last chance. Even if I die, I will find these mages!” Seviro said firmly. Finding a mage might not be of much use to him, but once something became an obsession, it was impossible to change.

“Alright, if you need it, I can give you some help. I still have some friends.” encouraged Eli.

“Really? Then I’ll rely on you.” Seviro’s face was filled with surprise.

“Of course.” Eli was taken aback and nodded.

“That’s great. I haven’t worked for two years, so I don’t have an income. I really can’t hold on much longer. Eli, you’re really my good friend! ” Seviro patted Eli’s shoulder and smiled.

“Good luck!”

The wine glasses clattered, and the two of them took large gulps of wine.

…

Three days later, they were done packing.

Seviro set off once again, carrying the hopes of both him and Eli. He headed towards a mountain range in the North of the Bryne Empire, where Saleen metatrin had once lived for a month.

Three months later, he returned in a sorry state, even losing his luggage.

Once again, Eli thoughtfully replenished his supplies, and five days later, Seviro set off again.

This time, his destination was an inland lake in the south of the empire.

Five months later.

Seviro returned again.

It was said that he had started his investigation from the vicinity and even dived to the bottom of the lake, searching the area thoroughly. However, he did not find anything left behind by Saleen Metatrin. Instead, he encountered a school of extraordinary fish and managed to escape after much difficulty.

Although Seviro didn’t find anything, he was still full of confidence.

He still believed that he could find it.

Eli didn’t say anything, he only considerately compensated seviro with supplies, and seviro was very touched.

He continued his search.

…

This kind of life lasted for two years.

Eli had also provided almost dozens of gold tarls’ worth of supplies. He didn’t feel much about it, but Seviro seemed a little embarrassed.

In the tavern.

“Eli, thank you for supporting me all this time, but I still haven’t found anything after more than two years. I don’t even have the money to pay you back.” seviro was already wavering.

“It’s okay. It’s just a little money. I’m willing to help. I just think you should rest for a while. ” Eli consoled.

Seviro’s condition was even worse now. His physical fitness had weakened, and there were a few more wounds on his body. It was only then that Eli knew that seviro had old injuries and that his life force had been severely depleted.

“No need. I don’t have much time left.” Seviro forced a smile, but he was no longer as confident as before.

What else could Eli say? he nodded silently.

This time, eli personally sent seviro off.

“Thank you!” Seviro thanked him and left on his horse.

Eli watched as his back disappeared into the horizon, then returned.

…

Another year passed.

“Eli, I’ll definitely find it. Don’t stop me.”

At this moment, Seviro looked quite obsessed. Eli persuaded him to rest.

“No, you can’t leave like this.” Eli looked at his condition. His mental strength was in a bad state. How could he go out like this? he was completely courting death!

At this moment, Seviro didn’t care about anything else. He just wanted to find the mages, even if it cost his life.

Finally, he was forcefully sent home by Eli.

Although Eli hoped that Seviro could find something of Saleen, it was definitely not through this way.

However, on the third day after he sent Seviro back, Eli learned that seviro had run away. Seviro only left Eli a letter. There was only one line in the letter.

When the rolling Rock rolled down the mountain, it would not stop unless it reached the bottom of the mountain.

Eli was silent.

He sighed and returned home.

…

Half a year later.

This was the last time Eli heard about seviro.

Seviro had been captured, taken to prison, and was about to die.

Seviro had gone straight to the Imperial mausoleum and dug through Saleen Metatrin’s tomb. That was why he had been captured.

When everyone heard the news, they were all in disbelief.

Meanwhile, Eli went home in silence.

Realizing that there was an additional letter in his mailbox, Eli was stunned.

It was because the material of the letter was the same material that Severo often used to write letters to him.

There were only a few words in the letter.

“I’ve found it!”