92 Double Happiness

Very quickly, the matter of the first princess choosing her teacher was over.

To everyone’s shock, in the end, it was actually a learner who got the job. After knowing that his teacher was the head of the library, many people immediately called it a conspiracy.

However, very quickly, scholar Hila directly showed her support to Eli, which surprised everyone. Some people even said that they had seen the two of them somewhere before, and their eyes instantly shifted.

Everyone was curious about the relationship between eli and this imperial grand scholar.

!!

Could it be that scholar Hila had always been single because of…

Some people were also surprised to find that the famous Countess of the Empire, countess Rias, seemed to be inextricably linked to him.

Many people shed tears of grief.

Speaking of which, rias and hila had always been the empire’s most beautiful ladies. Their looks seemed to change only slightly every year, but overall, they were still very beautiful. The two of them had gained quite a bit of fame.

But for Eli …

As usual, he pretended not to hear or respond. This way, more people would think that Eli had something to do with the two beautiful ladies.

…

Just like that, another schedule was added to Eli’s daily routine.

That was to teach the princess every weekend. With the wonderful use of mental power, the princess also developed an inexplicable sense of dependence on Eli, and a Soul brand was planted on her a year later.

He had controlled the princess emotionally and mentally.

Eli felt rather bad.

However, it didn’t matter. It was just a pity that she wasn’t a Prince. It might have been better if she was.

Time passed day by day.

Scholar Clement grew old day by day.

A year later, scholar Clement no longer worked and moved back home.

As for the library, it also changed with the passage of time. The number of lower-class nobles in the library had also increased a lot. Some positions were slowly taken over by the nobles.

However, at least for now, the director and Vice Director weren’t nobles.

But even so, Eli could feel the library’s atmosphere change. The library stopped focusing that much on research and study.

Eli didn’t think much of it. Six or seven years ago, he had done everything to protect his teacher’s interests, but as time passed, his teacher’s body wasn’t strong enough to go to the library anymore, and Eli stopped paying as much attention.

On normal days, he would visit his teacher.

After all, this man had been teaching Eli for about thirty years, and he had a huge influence on him.

In particular, his attitude of researching in silence and not seeking fame and fortune had a great impact on Eli. This played a very important role in his ability to focus on his research and not cause trouble.

Eli’s thoughts were really changing little by little over time.

In the past, he might have had the intention of being in the limelight, but that was because he was young in the past. Now, he completely understood that his thoughts at that time were still a little naive.

Besides, if Eli didn’t work as much, he would naturally have time to do other things.

Whether it was the advanced potioneering, the undeveloped mental power potion, or the bloodline research that required time to gain in-depth insight, they all needed time.

However, he had been focusing more of his attention on meditation recently.

This was because he was about to break through.

His mental power had already reached 19.0 points, and he was only a few years away from a breakthrough.

…

Three years later.

In Eli’s house, Eli sensed that his mental power was at 19.99 points. He took a deep breath. The last time he broke through to a level 2 apprentice was year 311 of the bryne calendar. That was 25 years ago.

Twenty-five years to go from a second-grade to a third-grade. It had to be said that it was actually quite slow, a few years slower than what eli had expected. He had miscalculated the rate at which his mental power was increasing.

As his mental power increased, the speed of his mental power growth slowed down. He knew it would slow down, but he didn’t expect it to be so much slower.

In this regard, Eli was also very helpless.

In fact, he was good at learning spells, experiments, and bloodlines. He was talented in these areas, but his mental power was slow to improve.

This made Eli speechless.

Fortunately, his life was long and his life force would not weaken, which was why he did not care so much. Otherwise, a normal Mage would not have so much time to do so many experiments.

As a matter of fact, the apprentice stage was really a stage to build a foundation. The most important thing was to improve one’s mental power. After all, this was related to whether one could break through to an official mage and have a longer life to study.

And today, the 53-year-old Eli was finally about to break through to a level 3 apprentice.

Breaking through to a level 3 acolyte was different from a mental power breakthrough. There were two requirements in total. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

First was to have 20 points of mental force.

The second was to stabilize the mental force space through runes.

The first step was not much to say, but the second step was the biggest difference between a level 3 apprentice and the previous ones. A stable mental force space would make it easier to build a model, easier to output mental force, and also increase the combat power of a sorcerer-apprentice.

It could be said if a level 3 acolyte was well prepared, even 10 Level 2 acolytes would not be able to do anything to them.

On the other hand, even a true top-notch Grand Knight would no longer pose any threat to him. At this moment, it could be said that he was unimpeded in this place.

In fact, back then, Eli had even thought of excavating the palace after he had broken through to level three, but he felt that it was not very safe. If Saleen metatrin had left behind some powerful traps, it would have been troublesome. Hence, he adopted a simpler but time-consuming method.

Furthermore, Eli had a vague feeling that he would need help in his search for the things that Saleen metatrin was looking for in the future. This was the most important reason.

Eli began to seal the room.

The meditation began.

…

Half an hour later, he felt that his mental energy had increased by 0.01 points. His mental energy had instantly broken through 20 points.

After his mental power reached the required level, Eli’s mental power also transformed into runes and started to build a mental space.

This step was usually a little difficult for young and talented mages, mainly because they were not familiar with runes and their power of the will.

However, to Eli, the past few decades had not been wasted. He could not be said to have reached the apex of perfection in this aspect, but he had at least mastered it. Very quickly, his mental force space began to stabilize bit by bit.

this process took a long time.

Half a day later, Eli opened his eyes. Due to the increase in his spiritual energy, his eyes glowed brightly. He had finally succeeded.

Level 3 acolyte, he had done it.

At the same time, Eli heard a soft sound.

He looked over.

The soil in the flower pot not far away had turned a little.

A smile appeared on Eli’s face.

The seed had finally sprouted.