95 12 Years

Everything went smoothly on the way out. Eli didn’t encounter any obstacles either, and he left Jun Lin.

This time, he would probably be out for a long time. He didn’t know how many of his old friends would die when he returned.

As for the destination, Eli had no idea.

Wherever he went counted, this was considered traveling!

Just like that, Eli began his wandering mage life.

The coachman was discharged by Eli at a place similar to a transit station. The man got a younger horse, and then Eli drove the carriage away.

Along the way, he spent half of his time on the road and the other half on research and study.

This was a journey, not a vacation. Naturally, he still had to learn, so Eli’s journey was very slow. He would often suddenly stop while walking and then find a place to experiment.

He walked and stopped. Of course, he met many people along the way, but Eli never traveled with them. Occasionally, he would encounter wild beasts that passed by, but they would leave as soon as he released a little mental wave.

He had also encountered enemies who blocked his way and robbed him.

He was grateful for the gift of nature.

He had human experiment materials again.

Just like that, Eli walked and stopped for half a year before he arrived in another country next to Jun Lin.

After traveling for a while, they settled down in the capital.

The special local ingredients also surprised Eli. A new place with new specialties made him click his tongue in wonder, and he had a new understanding of potions.

The essence of the potion concoction was the fusion of extraordinary elements.

After staying here for a year, Eli left in his carriage and began his wandering life again.

This kind of life lasted for about ten years.

Eli had already toured the surrounding countries.

He had also been to many places on the map left behind by Seviro Mesa and had collected many materials. He also collected some extraordinary bloodlines. Although they were of a low grade, they were still extraordinary.

His own knowledge had also been further consolidated, and he was much stronger than he was ten years ago.

His strength was the same. His mental force had also reached 22.0, which was slightly stronger than before. The increase was not significant. However, he had some ideas about the potion that could increase mental power.

In the kingdom of Carlos, which was three countries away from Bryne, Eli had found an interesting magical plant that could increase its power by absorbing and drinking blood.

This shocked Eli greatly.

He lived there for three years straight away. This plant called the blood bamboo flowers had become the main content of his research, and it could very well be the foundation for Eli’s mental power potion.

In fact, this was only the beginning. Eli felt that there was still room to dig deeper into this plant.

It had great potential.

Eli was a little glad that he had gone out, or he wouldn’t have encountered such a precious plant.

Speaking of plants, Eli couldn’t help but mention that seed. It had germinated, but it grew extremely slowly. It had been a full ten years, and only a tip had emerged. Eli was also very helpless.

However, its quality was indeed very high so Eli had always carried it with him.

The only regret was that there was still no news of the mage camp. It seemed to be even further away than he thought.

…

A year later.

The kingdom of yise!

In the capital.

With a strange plant in his hand, Clevan ran through the dilapidated slums on both sides and arrived at the civilian area. He looked around and quickly entered a remote shop.

The shop wasn’t big, and there were some strange things on both sides. Some commonly used medicine was also sold.

Everyone in the civilian district of the capital knew of this shop. It sold all kinds of strange things for a long time. Most of the items sold here were strange, and only one of them, a medicine for wounds, was popular among mercenaries.

It had even attracted the attention of a noble, and the noble wanted to possess the shop by force, but the next day, the noble disappeared without a trace, and no one dared to have the same thought again.

“Grandpa Eli, Grandpa Eli, I found a strange plant,” Clevan shouted.

The back door of the shop opened, and an old man walked out.

The old man looked very old. His hair and beard were all white, and he wore a pair of glasses, like Frankenstein.

“It’s little Clevan!” Eli smiled and walked over to take the things from his hands. Then, he shook his head and said, “It’s a pity that it’s just a very ordinary plant.”

“I see!” The boy shook his head in frustration.

Eli knew the boy. He was a kid from the slums, and he had once found a precious item for him.

“I won’t let you come here for nothing. How about this? I’m lacking an odd-job worker here. What do you say? ” Said Eli with a smile.

“Really?” Clevan’s eyes lit up. He just felt that this old man was not ordinary. He had wanted to work here for a long time.

“Of course.” Eli smiled.

He estimated that he would stay here for a few more years, and the shops here needed someone to do odd jobs.

Speaking of which, he had come here last year. He suddenly had an idea for his research on magic potions, so he settled down here to do research.

“Is there anything new recently?” Eli asked with a smile.

“Yes, it seems that the neighboring Lorraine Kingdom and the neighboring country are fighting. It seems that King Bryne also participated in the war.” The boy revealed a piece of news that Eli was interested in.

“Is the war coming?” Eli smiled, then gestured for the boy to stay for dinner.

It wasn’t time for him to go back yet.

The changes in the war were beyond everyone’s expectations.

The scope of the war gradually expanded, and the Bryne Empire was at war with another country.

In fact, the size of the two countries was about the same, but due to the various measures taken by Bryne the seventh in the past few years, the National Strength of Bryne had weakened a lot, and it was also a one-sided situation on the battlefield.

A year later.

The war was over.

It was not a victory but a defeat.

The Bryne Empire had to cede a large amount of land to the other party and compensate them with a large amount of money before the war finally ended.

In the same year, Bryne the seventh announced his abdication.

…

“Grandpa Eli, are you really leaving?” Clevan looked at Eli, who was about to leave, with a reluctant expression.

“Yes,” Eli smiled and patted the boy’s head.

It had been twelve years. It was time to go back.

It was time to retrieve Saleen metatrin’s things.

“Alright, thank you, Grandpa Eli, for teaching me how to read.” Clevan’s face was filled with gratitude.

Over the past year, when he had nothing to do, he had learned how to read from Eli. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“that’s the result of your hard work. You don’t need to thank me.” Eli nodded and then walked up to the carriage at the side.

“Coachman, let’s go.”

The carriage set off in the direction of the city gate.