Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1691

The character of Garion and the White Tiger was distinctly different. Garion was focused on restoring damaged land, while the White Tiger protected the land from being damaged in the first place. This didn’t mean that Garion had the power to restore all wounds to the ground, or that the White Tiger had the power to block all wounds to the ground. It was just that they had been trying.

The difference in personalities of these two gods had a profound effect on creating cultural differences between the West Continent and East Continent. It was the reason why the architectural style of the West Continent developed around stone, while the architecture of the East Continent developed around wood. It was because the land and rocks of the East Continent were so hard that it was difficult to secure stone materials.

The reason why the high walls and ornate architecture of the West Continent was so difficult to see in the east wasn’t because the civilization of the East Continent was relatively low, but due to environmental factors. This environment came from the White Tiger.

“......!”

The blood gushing from the chest of the White Tiger alarmed everyone on the scene.

Hwang Gildong and the Chivalrous Robbers, Mir, Yeum, and the Zodiacs who had run over with Blue Tiger—they started convulsing as if they had seen something they shouldn’t have seen.

The Blue Dragon was also surprised. The Blue Dragon had fought the White Tiger 1,000 times and knew the White Tiger’s potential better than anyone else. It was a damn being who never fell down even when it was half-killed.

The White Tiger, the hardest one in the mythology of the East Continent, was cut and shed blood?

‘What happened...? Did he split the sky?’

The Blue Dragon’s gaze was fixed to Grid’s sword.

Twilight—a sword that seemed to have snapped a part of the sky that was dyed by the sunset. A strong divinity was felt.

The Blue Dragon misunderstood Grid, who was cooperating with the yangban, Mir, as a member of the Hwan Kingdom. Therefore, it was forced to come up with a new interpretation.

-You must’ve had Hanul’s expectations since that selfish Hanul actually gave away his divinity.Hanul must’ve been very shocked when you betrayed him and created a separate faction.

Hanul was also a synonym for the sky. It was from the innate strength and power, to the meaning and symbolism. It was hard to deny the fact that Hanul was the sky. The fact that the sky was contained in Grid’s sword meant that Grid had received Hanul’s protection.

Of course, it was a ridiculous guess from Grid’s point of view. However, it wasn’t a situation to clear up misunderstandings. He should think of the path of the sword during the time it would take him to think of words.

The huge size in itself became a weapon. The front paws wielded by the White Tiger crossed a distance of tens of meters in an instant. It immediately used a single gesture to follow Grid’s full-speed movement skills and Mir’s light trajectory. There were many cases of moving ahead as if foreseeing the future. The White Tiger’s meaningless actions were at the level of forcing the two of them to follow it.

However, Grid had fought a dragon before. A dragon’s fighting methods were larger than the White Tiger’s and they freely changed their size. This was much more difficult than the White Tiger, which was simply huge.

Grid’s sword was lodged in the side of the White Tiger’s paw. The White Tiger’s action of loudly swinging its arms to pull Grid off caused a sonic boom. The air in the area was compressed and exploded repeatedly, suppressing Grid violently. Even a decent legend would suffer from all types of physical abnormalities due to torn eardrums and the shaking of their brains and organs.

However, Grid was fine. He alternated driving the two swords into the White Tiger’s arms and used them to climb up.

A flea... that was a bit exaggerated. He felt like a cicada. If he was to compare the White Tiger’s arms to a giant tree, then Grid would be like a big insect.

‘Now.’ Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Grid twisted his waist heavily. He performed a sword dance, cut the arm of the White Tiger, and naturally fell away from the White Tiger. The arms of the White Tiger were crossed in close to an X-shape. In the end, it used its hands to try and pull Grid off.

Thanks to this, Mir was able to breathe. Previously, he unconditionally consumed Shunpo to avoid the White Tiger’s attack. For the first time, he could take the opportunity to fight back.

The Blue Dragon’s energy enveloped Mir. He evoked lightning with additional power without the permission of the Blue Dragon. Mir pierced the body of the White Tiger. He pierced skin and flesh. It was based on the power of the Blue Dragon, the strongest of the Four Gods, but the result was more than expected. Mir himself was a remarkable force.

Mir quickly recognized the source of his power. He realized that Grid’s divine sword in his hand was pushing the Blue Dragon’s lightning to the limit.

‘It is better than the dao that contained the Blue Dragon. Is this being overgeared that the Overgeared God celebrates?’

-These guys...

The White Tiger’s blue pupils shook. The fact that it felt the pain of its flesh tearing every time it allowed an attack bewildered it greatly. It was an unfamiliar pain for it since it always crushed the enemy with hardness. Apart from the day when it was sealed by the invaders who were driven out of Asgard, this was the first time it had experienced such pain.

-I’ll admit it.Your weapons are so great that they are causing me an unfamiliar pain.

-Is it unfamiliar?

The Blue Dragon interjected.

-Haven’t you experienced this much pain from me at least 1,000 times?

-What are you saying?The one who lost to me.

The White Tiger cut off the Blue Dragon’s words and took a deep breath. The white hairs covering its massive body fell down. Between the white hairs, the black hairs that formed the character for ‘king’ rose in a dense manner. It was the king of a hundred beasts before it was a god.

The mental image of the White Tiger unfolded. Hundreds of thousands of wild beasts roared in the canyon created by the Sanctuary of Metal. Each of them was a clone of the White Tiger and was made up of the White Tiger’s mental image. The wild beasts ran down the canyon.

Bears, tigers, lions, leopards, etcetera—all types of wild beasts showed different movements as they attacked Grid and Mir. Most of them were aimed at Mir, not Grid. It was because they judged that it was difficult to break through the baptism of battle gear that the Sanctuary of Metal created in real time.

Grid was being handled by the main White Tiger.

-A 1 on 1 battle is a fair fight!

The White Tiger insisted that it couldn’t concentrate because of Mir. Its momentum of breaking through the canyon, with a body that had grown as big as the inflated divinity, was fierce.

Grid’s expression had already become indifferent. The strength of NPCs was usually proportional to their influence on the worldview. The myth of the Four Auspicious Beasts would still be a ‘forgotten myth’ without the help of Grid, so it couldn’t be central to Satisfy’s worldview. From the time of their resurrection thanks to Grid, the hierarchy of the Four Auspicious Beasts was lower than Grid. Even if they weren’t resurrected thanks to Grid, the current hierarchy of Grid was too high. Not only had he confronted the heavenly gods, but he also formed ties with old dragons and killed Baal.

Unfortunately, the White Tiger wasn’t in an equal position with him. This was why it was forgotten.

The infinitely overlapping procession of Valhallas gradually killed the momentum of the White Tiger. The White Tiger consumed divinity every time it broke through a single Valhalla. Once it arrived in front of Grid, it was surrounded by thousands of battle gear.

-The Hwan Kingdom created a monster!

Grid remained silent toward the White Tiger, who misunderstood and lamented until the end. Didn’t he decide to convince them with his sword in the first place? Grid spared no effort in his six fusion sword dance. He used a full-scale attack while being aided by thousands of battle gear and 300 weapons wielded by the God Hands. It was in recognition of the hardness of the White Tiger.

-Kuaaak!

The White Tiger’s scream filled the Sanctuary of Metal. The wild beasts created by its mental image no longer threatened Mir and perished. It was no match. The White Tiger judged this after desperately feeling Grid’s power and shouted at the Blue Dragon

-Run away, Blue Dragon!This isn’t an opponent you can handle...!

‘White Tiger really doesn’t understand the subject.’

What did this unskilled one mean? The Blue Dragon ignored the White Tiger’s warning. There was no way it could back down. It was because it was the guardian god of this land. Lightning was emitted in a dizzying manner and divided the landscape into tens of thousands of prongs that converged on a single point.

Then it was shot at such a speed that even Grid’s artificial senses could miss it. The artificial senses fluctuated loudly only after Grid was pierced. The Blue Dragon had disappeared without a trace. To be exact, its figure was erased. It no longer retained the shape of a dragon but fluttered in all directions as lightning itself. A lightning storm gradually surrounded Grid as if to smash the Sanctuary of Metal.

-I can tell that you are stronger than me.You deserve to be extremely arrogant compared to your age.However, strength doesn’t mean victory.It means I can’t discuss my loss.I won’t get cut.

Lightning bolts engulfed Grid, who was in the center of the storm. This was the reason why the Blue Dragon was able to write the most powerful and shocking myth of piercing Hanul’s heart. It was in the uniqueness of the Blue Dragon’s existence.

Lightning that was maintained at all times without being influenced by nature. The lightning that came from its divinity was infinitely free and swift. It was at a level that was called deformed even among the gods. The Blue Dragon was a mutant of the eastern land that was abandoned by the gods of the beginning.

Then an awl made of lightning popped out through the gaps in the storm. It implied the power to pierce Grid’s heart again. The myth of it piercing the heart of one of the gods of the beginning, Hanul, was further amplifying the power of the Blue Dragon. Even Valhalla, which was the source of Grid’smental world, was unable to stop the lightning bolt and was miserably pierced.

A second hole appeared in Grid’s chest.

Just then, the lightning that formed a storm around Grid was split in half. It was done by the Falling Moon Sword.

-......!

The sword, which could cut anything, neatly cut the Blue Dragon in line with the power of a conditional Sword Saint.

A devastating aftermath ensued. The amount of damage applied was equal to adding up all of the user’s stats and multiplying it by the target’s level and this inflicted a serious injury to the Blue Dragon. The bigger problem was the effect of an unconditional critical hit and the elimination of all buff effects.

The Blue Dragon lost all the benefits of lightning. Its presence was blurred. It was an effect that lasted for three minutes. On the other hand, there were still 11 minutes left for the emergency quest that Grid was performing. Before the quest was over, he was able to swing the Falling Moon Sword one more time.

-That weak one...

The White Tiger blamed the Blue Dragon, who was unexpectedly overpowered. It was an attitude that caused the Blue Dragon, who was engulfed in terrible pain, to lose its sense of reason. It happened the moment when the angry Blue Dragon tried to raise its power beyond the limits...

The six fusion sword dance cut off the momentum of the Blue Dragon. The cut Blue Dragon fell down in a daze. It was still clinging to life.

Blue Tiger was relieved. “I’m glad you have mercy in your hands.”

-......

-......

The Blue Dragon and the White Tiger felt it was so nonsensical that they forgot their pain and anger. They didn’t even feel any shame. They had finished figuring out the subject.

Mir drove in the decisive wedge. “The Overgeared God is different from me.”

He wasn’t a monster made by the Hwan Kingdom.

“It is because he is a god who was born from human origin.”