Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1710

“There is nothing special about it.”

This was the conclusion reached after a long interrogation of the blind swordsman, Cabelon. In fact, the expression that he was hosted as the guest of honor was a bit more accurate. Cabelon deserved such treatment. He had swung his sword at Kraugel, but he didn’t actually cause casualties and he was a rare transcendent.

Lauel wanted to have a good relationship with him and Kraugel sympathized.

“Muller has been active much longer than is known to the world. There is absolutely no basis for Muller’s death...”

The content of Muller’s activities and thoughts, etcetera—the information provided by Cabelon wasn’t that different from the facts revealed by Grid and Kraugel so far. This didn’t mean that Cabelon’s information was insignificant. It was just that the information that Grid and Kraugel had collected was that great.

Weren’t they the Overgeared God and the Sword Saint? The quality and quantity of the information they acquired was far beyond the normal level.

“However, it isn’t that there are no results at all. We learned a bit about Muller’s tomb.”

Muller’s tomb wasn’t prepared by Muller himself, nor was it done by Cabelon, his self-proclaimed disciple. Who would dare to build his master’s tomb? Building a grave of the living was too malicious and ominous. Cabelon had become furious when he accidentally discovered Muller’s tomb and started a thorough investigation of the tomb.

However, as a blind man, the information he could find out was limited. Through an accidental process, he joined forces with the No Offspring Tomb. In return for Cabelon neutralizing the ‘Barrier of Sword Energy’ around the tomb, the No Offspring Tomb signed a contract to investigate the tomb and provide information to Cabelon. As a result, Cabelon learned that Muller’s tomb had the structure of a ‘sacrificial ceremony.’

“Sacrificial ceremony... sacrifice... consciousness...”

Who did this and why?

The sight of Kraugel cocking his head and placing his hand on his chin was as beautiful as a painting. Lauel felt competitive when he saw it and floated the black flame dragon over the back of his hand as he spoke, “I think it is what Pagma did.”

“......?”

“Weren’t the bodies of the previous generation legends used as death knights when Pagma blocked the demons’ invasion of the Behen Archipelago alone? I think he intended to make Muller a death knight as well.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Pagma was a legendary blacksmith and a great swordsman. It wasn’t strange for him to use the technique of making a barrier with sword energy. Moreover, the level of the barrier wasn’t that strong and it was broken by Cabelon.

Lauel reasoned it out reasonably, but Kraugel immediately refuted it, “A body is needed to make the undead as you said. What method did Pagma use to try and gain Muller’s body, when he isn’t dead, and turn him into an undead?”

“It must’ve been necessary to create something to replace the body.”

“Something to replace the body of the living, not the dead...? Do you really believe that such a thing exists?”

Lauel’s speculation seemed plausible at first, but there was no clear basis for it. Kraugel had a very thorough personality, so it was hard for him to agree.

Lauel shrugged. “There is too little information to guess without it being an individual's unfounded speculation. My guess must not be too wrong considering Pagma’s personality.”

“Pagma’s personality...”

Pagma was a hero who defended the world at his own expense. However, he was treated as the source of all evil...

Kraugel felt great pity for him, but he couldn’t think of anything to say to defend Pagma. The conversation between the two of them was stopped for a while.

“So who is the Overgeared God and who is the Overgeared God’s apostle?”

Cabelon suddenly emerged from the VIP room and intervened between the two of them.

“The city is filled with those who are strong. People with sensitive senses like me feel pressure all the time. There is a particularly strong energy coming from that huge temple. Is it the Overgeared God?”

“Temple? It would be Apostle Sariel.”

“An apostle is like that...? Wait, Sariel? This energy definitely resembles an angel. Hoh, an angel is an apostle. They must be the strongest of the seven apostles.

“......”

If Cabelon’s eyes hadn’t been blinded, then wouldn’t they be shining brightly right now? Lauel thought to himself at the sight of Cabelon, who was like a country bumpkin who just came to the city.

‘Is it because the No Offspring Tomb is disconnected from the world?’

It wasn’t just the lich, Lopero. Cabelon, who had been working with the No Offspring Tomb for a long time, had too little knowledge of the world. It was somewhat bizarre.

“By the way, you are a disappointment in many ways for the Sword Saint of the present age.”

“What are you saying all of a sudden?”

“A Sword Sage is a noble being who is alone and detached from the affairs of the world. It was the case with my master and my master’s master. Yet you compromised with the world and joined forces with such strong people? A person who has obtained my master’s secret technique might not be able to be invincible alone, but if you join a gang because you are afraid of something...”

“You have a strange prejudice.”

A Sword Saint was a lonely and noble being...

That wasn’t the case when looking at Biban.

Lauel countered on behalf of Kraugel and continued speaking, “Is it true that we might be able to find clues about Muller’s whereabouts if we go to his tomb?”

“If you give me honest information.”

The No Offspring Tomb hadn’t given Cabelon all the information. They concealed important information.

Cabelon was certain of it. It was a natural suspicion since he didn’t have a relationship of trust with the No Offspring Tomb in the first place.

“Okay. I have to call Skunk for the first time in a while.”

“Skunk? Is there a person called Skunk?”

“...Well, you might feel comfortable thinking of it as a nickname.”

Lauel was well known for working quickly. He immediately called the Skunk Expedition Team and sent them with Cabelon to Muller’s tomb. Kraugel naturally stepped forward as an escort. He couldn’t be excluded from any episodes involving Muller. He had heard from Grid that Braham would soon return so he determined that there wouldn’t be a problem with Reinhardt’s defense.

“The No Offspring Tomb...”

Lauel frowned and contacted Chris. It was to ask him to hunt outside the No Offspring Tomb if possible.

-The No Offspring Tomb?No matter how far outside I am, hunting there alone won’t be possible.Hmm?It might be enough with those members.

Chris, Zibal, Hurent, and Haster—a small party of elites, who could be called the strongest, moved to the No Offspring Tomb. They were tasked with promoting rapid growth and keeping an eye on the trends of the No Offspring Tomb.

***

-Thank you.I have been taught a lot.

“The benefits I gained are also great.”

The exchange between the apostles and the Four Auspicious Beasts generated a synergy that exceeded expectations. The Four Auspicious Beasts learned magic that utilized their attributes, and Braham and Zik were blessed by them. They were able to handle the Breaths of the Four Auspicious Beasts. They were in a different position from the yangbans who sealed the Four Auspicious Beasts and forcibly used their powers. They were able to handle the Breaths without a separate training process and were closer to Grid’s position.

‘It will be a great weapon if I use it well.’

In particular, Braham had high hopes for Lightning God. Like Kyle, it was a skill that turned his body to lightning, making him vulnerable to magic in return for having complete physical resistance. Grid and Kyle took it as a weakness and never dreamed of linking it to magic, but Braham was inspired by it.

“I’ll go back first. The work of attaching magic to Greed is steadily underway, so don’t worry too much.”

Braham wanted to start his research quickly and said goodbye to Grid and Zik.

The East Continent and the West Continent—the boundaries between the two continents started to fade due to the influence of the Overgeared World and this allowed him to jump between them at once using Teleport. He left with a nod goodbye to Mir. He was sorry for the misunderstanding.

Braham’s personality had become very docile compared to the past.

“I have something to tell you.”

Mir and the Four Auspicious Beasts also returned to their respective positions. Grid and Zik were left alone and started a story that wasn’t short. It was about the identity of the great demons that Muller had sealed in the past.

“They are your old colleagues?”

“It is too early to be certain, but at the very least, Hell Gao is likely to be Bultar.”

“Then we need to break the bondage of suffering that Hell Gao is going through...”

“It is too premature. Hell Gao is currently the nutrients that humanity needs, and Bultar himself must’ve happily accepted his fate. However, I need to identify exactly what role my other colleagues are playing as demons. If they are suffering worthlessly, then it is my small wish to break the bondage of suffering that they might be experiencing.”

“I will make your wish come true.”

“......”

“Let’s set up a team right away. I’ll tell Lauel, so make sure you apply for the necessary resources and personnel.”

“...Thank you. This will surely help you as well, God.”

Finally, Zik left. Grid was left alone and silently swung his hammer. Events were steadily proceeding in a direction that was beneficial, even without himself. He had no doubt that good things would happen when the results came together. At this moment—

“It is nice that your face is becoming more confident. It might be to my taste.”

“You...?”

Venice, the god of money, descended from the sky. Was it because she was in a position to interact with players based on the ‘store’ system? Her visits were always sudden and done freely. It was a bit surprising that she suddenly came to the East Continent, which was still regarded as the realm of the Hwan Kingdom.

“Zeratul has finished his closed training. Not only did he recover the status he lost, but he has become a lot stronger. You should be careful because he has been intensively honing his dual wielding to prove that it is better than yours. He is looking for a moment when you are alone, so I recommend you always take an apostle as an escort.”

“Why are you giving me useful information?”

“Didn’t I tell you before? I am the god of money. More than anything else, I seek a profit. I think it is right to invest in you. Please be careful after I warned you, so that my judgment isn’t wrong...” Venice’s words stopped midway. It was the aftermath of Zeratul silently descending and brutally gripping her neck. Her struggling appearance seemed precarious, like a flower that was about to be crushed.

“I wanted to see you, Grid.” Zeratul separated Venice’s head from her body and smiled slightly. His calm eyes didn’t match the horrible and urgent situation. There was a determination not to ruin things this time.

Then he unfolded the barrier where ‘space movement is impossible‘ in a natural manner. Grid was isolated.

“There is no Hayate here, so stop thinking of being lucky enough to escape.”

“...I wonder if I need Hayate.”

No, maybe Zeratul was the isolated one.

***

At the same time, at the entrance of Reinhardt...

“The apostles of the Overgeared God must all have monstrous power. We have to be careful of our behavior from now on so we don’t enter their eyes.”

In the West Continent, men and women wearing dopos were standing in front of the huge gates. They all had dark eyes and dark hair. Hanul was in the midst of the cycle, and King Sobyeol and the Three Masters were in seclusion. There were a small number of yangbans who crossed the sea while the boundaries were weakened.

They witnessed and were fascinated by the epic of the Overgeared God, so they planned to stay in Reinhardt for a while. They wanted to observe the lives of those who served the Overgeared God. It was to gain references to determine their future. They were filled with great skepticism when they saw their siblings who died after being used as a tool all their lives.

“...This city is a real haven of monsters.”

Cabelon was shocked after leaving the city gates. It was the same for the yangbans.