Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1009: Abusing What Was Entrusted

After chatting with Xiao Yao about Pei Mianman just then, Zu An could no longer hold back his thoughts about her. Xiao Yao had just left, so there was no one there to protect her. He didn’t hesitate anymore, changing clothes and quickly disappearing into the night.

…

When Zu An arrived at Pei Manor, he immediately checked out the surroundings. Even though the security was strict, it was already much more lax compared to earlier that day.

Zu An figured that it was probably because after they had failed to find anything, and considering how they had to rest for the night, there was no way for them to maintain the same level of security all the time.

He borrowed the cover of darkness to quietly infiltrate the building. He was much more familiar with the path since he had already been there once during the day. With his cultivation and the jade badge’s radar-like function, he quickly arrived at Pei Mianman’s small courtyard.

This time, Xiao Yao wasn’t here to guard the place, so he was able to enter without alerting anyone. The first floor was where the maids lived, so Zu An didn’t want to alarm them. He jumped straight into the second floor.

He was feeling truly moved because he could finally meet with Big Manman again. He wondered what to say to her after all this time, but suddenly, everything in front of him went black.

He was alarmed, quickly turning to look behind himself. Even though it was nighttime, there were still lit lanterns all over Pei Manor, so there should still have been some light. But just then, everything was pitch black. It was nothing like how it had been on his way there! Zu An felt alarmed. It was as if he had been swallowed up by an enormous black beast.

Suddenly, a strong gale swept over him, and he quickly dodged to the side. The other party didn’t even give him a chance to breathe, immediately delivering another attack. No matter how Zu An attacked, the other party’s attacks continued to tangle around him.

Since he couldn't see anything, Zu An’s strength was greatly reduced. He was curious. Don’t tell me the other party isn’t affected at all? Judging from their earlier exchange, his opponent’s movements were quick, and their judgment of his position was extremely accurate.

Wait! He suddenly thought of something. Don’t tell me…

“Manman?”

“Ah Zu?”

Just then, two voices spoke out in unison.

“It really is you?” Zu An was shocked and overjoyed.

The darkness immediately disappeared, and warm candlelight appeared. They were in an extremely elegant lady’s chambers.

However, Zu An couldn't be bothered to look around him. He stared at the girl in front of him. He was focused on her beautiful face and fine skin, looking into her eyes that seemed as if they could speak; she looked back with teary eyes. Who else could it be but Big Manman?

“Ah Zu!” Pei Mianman could no longer hold herself back and jumped into Zu An’s arms when she saw him remove his mask. Her clothes really were forced to bear an unfair pressure that could make one worry about whether the buttons might just explode and shoot out.

The two sweethearts who had been separated for so long embraced each other tightly, as if they each wanted to take the other right into their bodies.

As he smelled her familiar scent and felt her soft body, Zu An couldn't help but say with a chuckle, “Go easy on me; you’re hugging me so tightly it’s a bit hard to breathe.”

“You’re so annoying~” Pei Mianman hit his chest playfully, then excitedly pulled him over to sit next to her. “I heard my maid tell me that the imperial envoy had someone surnamed Zu who was really outstanding in tonight’s banquet. I was wondering if it was you, but it really was! I’m not dreaming, am I?”

“Of course not. I’m alive and well right in front of you. If you don’t believe me, you can feel my heartbeat.” Zu An placed her hand on his chest and looked at her with a gentle expression before saying, “Manman, you’ve lost a lot of weight.”

“Hmph, it’s your fault for leaving me all alone for so long.” Pei Mianman was grumbling on the surface, but she still caringly poured him a cup of tea, saying, “Drink some tea to help with the alcohol. You stink of wine right now.”

Zu An received the tea cup and asked with a smile, “Did you find out it was me through the smell of alcohol?”

“Of course. I was wondering just what pervert was so daring he would come to take advantage of me while drunk! I was going to teach that idiot a lesson, but that dummy turned out to be you.” Pei Mianman leaned on the table while speaking. As if she wanted to save her strength, she placed her chest right on the table. Her eyes were gleaming as she looked at him.

“What was going on with that darkness? Was that Fu Hao’s owl sculpture?” Zu An asked curiously.

“Yup. I got it from the dungeon we entered last time. It can create a domain of darkness. My opponent can’t see a thing, but I can still see perfectly fine.” Pei Mianman reached out her fair white palm. A pocket-sized bronze sculpture slowly spun in it. She had already completely refined it for herself.

“This thing is indeed formidable. I was almost done in by it.” Zu An couldn't help but remember their experience in Yinxu’s dungeon back then.

Pei Mianman was reminiscing about the same thing. Her expression became gentler. Suddenly, though, she exclaimed, “Ah Zu, your cultivation has become higher than ever! You clearly couldn't see me earlier, so why were you able to avoid all of my attacks?”

“I actually came here earlier during the day.” Zu An patted her thigh while speaking.

Pei Mianman had a knowing smile and moved closer to him, leaning against his body. “So that was you during the day! Did that drunkard hurt you?” she asked, realizing what had happened. She began to check his condition with her hands.

“Don’t worry, I’m fine.” Zu An chuckled. “Do you know Xiao Yao?”

Pei Mianman harrumphed, saying, “He’s nothing more than an annoying drunkard.”

“But he treats you pretty well. He’s always been protecting you,” Zu An explained.

“Who needs his protection? In the end, he’s just doing it out of a guilty conscience.” Pei Mianman’s voice was a bit cold.

“Guilty conscience?” Zu An was stunned. He felt he wasn’t getting the same message from her end.

Pei Mianman’s eyes turned red as she said, “My mom wouldn’t have died if it weren’t for him.”

“He was the one who killed mother-in-law?” Zu An frowned. A bit of killing intent appeared in his eyes. He had even thought that Xiao Yao was some good person.

Pei Mianman sighed and said, “My mother wasn’t brought to death by him directly, but she was hurt by him. Her cultivation was ruined, which was why she wasn’t able to protect herself when something serious happened.”

“No wonder you hate him.” Zu An understood now. The reason why Xiao Yao was the way he was, his expression that flickered between insanity and guilt, might have been precisely because of that. He could understand why Pei Mianman hadn’t been willing to accept the offer to take her away now.

Zu An carefully wiped at her tears and asked out of concern, “How did mother-in-law pass away?”

Pei Mianman shook her head and said, “I was still too little back then; I don’t remember it all too clearly anymore. Whenever I asked my father, he would always get upset. I asked that drunkard too, but he didn’t tell me anything either.”

Judging from how she was shaking slightly, Zu An knew she was in a bad mood. He held her hand tightly to provide her some warmth. He asked, “Didn’t you receive a letter that had something to do with your mother, which was why you rushed back? Did the Pei clan trick you?”

“That’s not it. My mother’s grave was robbed by someone, and they didn’t find her remains.” Pei Mianman bit her lips. “I thought it was because of that stupid drunkard, but he said it wasn’t. I’ve been looking into the matter this whole time.”Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Something like that happened?” Zu An was furious. “Don’t worry; I’m now part of the imperial envoy. I can help you get to the bottom of this.”

“Thank you, Ah Zu.” Pei Mianman leaned gently into his arms. She said, “I’ve been so tired. With you at my side, I feel so much better.”

“I’m here, so everything will be better.” Zu An gently caressed her soft hair. He then asked, “I heard your father wants to marry you off to King Qi’s heir?”

“Yeah. The Pei clan actually had that intention a long time ago, but I ran off to Brightmoon City to avoid it. After a series of accidents, I ended up meeting you. I guess it was fate.” Pei Mianman had a smile on her face when she recalled how the two of them had met.

“Zhao Zhi, that brat, dares to come after my wife? I’m going to break his third leg the next time I see him!” Zu An exclaimed. He wanted to talk smack about Pei Shao, but that was her father after all, so he didn’t bring him up in the end.

“Who’s your wife? Isn’t your wife Chuyan?” Pei Mianman harrumphed and wrinkled her nose.

“Chuyan and I have already divorced each other.” Zu An coughed. Sorry, Chuyan; I’ve wronged you… “We already properly performed our ritual kneeling to heaven and earth in Yinxu; we were husband and wife for several lifetimes.”

“You still have the nerve to talk about Yinxu? You didn’t even let me go when I was still so young…” Pei Mianman looked at him with her beautiful eyes, her stunning features looking even more charming under the candlelight’s illumination. Her red lips had a captivating gloss.

Zu An couldn't hold back and kissed her. Pei Mianman moaned, her hands naturally wrapping around her lover’s neck. Unlike the cold and aloof Chuyan, she had always been a passionate person. The two of them had even spent several generations as husband and wife in Yinxu, so they were already beyond intimate with each other.

The two passionate lovers had been separated for so long. Now that they had been reunited again, they naturally came together. The air and temperature also became scorching hot…

…

Meanwhile, back in the city, inside King Qi heir’s secret hideout, Han Fengqiu asked Zhao Zhi, “How does the young heir feel about Miss Pei?”

“I was able to get a glimpse of her graceful figure. Even though I was only able to see her side profile, she’s an incredible beauty. I guess she’s worthy of being this young heir’s wife.” Zhao Zhi nodded in satisfaction. That beautiful figure continued to appear in his mind. “If it weren’t for the fact that her background is a bit awkward, I wouldn’t even mind having her as my main wife.”