Zu An really wanted to refuse, but the Celestial Emperor had never made an appearance, and his aura had disappeared quickly too, not even giving Zu An a chance to refuse.

Although he was alarmed, he suddenly remembered that he needed to repeat Yi’s heroic path to begin with. With the bow’s help, defeating the Golden Crows would be much easier. That meant it was something worth feeling happy about either way.

As for the battle between Zhuan Xu and Emperor Jun, he stopped worrying about it. He realized that in a battle between such giants, he actually wouldn’t have the qualifications to join. Besides, there was no need for him to jump in. Either way, the Golden Crows had been shot down, so he just had to repeat history. That was the safest plan of action.

As for other consequences…

Hm… I don’t even have a wife, so I don’t have to worry about being like Yi, unable to return to the heavens.

Furthermore, both Jun and Yi were Zhuan Xu’s descendants. No matter what angle Zu An looked at it from, standing on Zhuan Xu’s side was the smarter choice. Zu An’s tangled emotions gradually calmed down again when he thought through those things.

Spirit Mountain’s Ten Shamans all bowed toward Zu An and said, “Even though we do not know why the Celestial Emperor has chosen you, since he has presented you with the red bow, there must be a reason for it. Right now, the ten suns are in the sky, bringing disaster upon the people. We hope that little brother can help the world eliminate this evil.”

The Ten Shamans all had sincere expressions. They really were worried about the people of this world.

Yun Jianyue and the others couldn't be bothered to deal with those things, however. They all advised Zu An to rethink things, because the situation touched upon a battle at the Celestial Emperor level. It wasn’t something people of their level could participate in.

Zu An didn’t reply. He only stood at the peak of the mountain and surveyed everything below him. Apart from Spirit Mountain, which had a powerful protective barrier and could barely keep its trees green, there was only a disaster everywhere else. All plant life had already withered away, and the ground was dried and cracked. Raging wildfires blazed all around. Who knew how many people had perished under the blistering sunlight, or been engulfed in a sea of flames?

The three women sighed when they saw the hellish scene. They now knew what Zu An’s choice was, so they didn’t try to advise him further. Even though they were all part of different forces, at the most fundamental level, they still agreed on some things. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have chosen to travel with Zu An. When they saw the apocalyptic landscape, they all decided to stand firmly by Zu An’s side.

Zu An didn’t say anything else as he looked up at the ten dazzling golden suns. Even though the ten Golden Crows had been injured because of Nuba, they still hadn’t left. Their Golden Crow Sacred Fire granted them incredible regenerative power to begin with. Now that they were all in the skies, they even helped each other recover much more quickly than usual.

However, because of that, the people of the lower realm had to suffer. Of course, to the Golden Crows, the people were nothing more than ants. They didn’t care at all.

Zu An took a deep breath. He nocked an arrow and drew back the bow. Even though he had never learned archery before, he was now a master rank cultivator. His control over his body and strength was already exquisite, so he quickly adjusted to the new weapon. The Sun Slaying Bow seemed to have its own spirit too. He didn’t have to do much, because it had already begun to activate on its own.

However, Zu An’s expression changed, because he discovered that he couldn't draw the bowstring back fully! He couldn’t even pull it back halfway without reaching his limit. His muscles writhed like dragons, but he could do no more. Even though no one said anything, there was no way that amount of strength would be sufficient to hurt the suns in the sky.

When Yan Xuehen and the other two women saw that, they placed their hands on his body, pouring their ki into him without holding back at all. Additionally, Spirit Mountain’s Ten Shamans tacitly surrounded him and began to chant incantations. A shining formation formed, with Zu An at the center.

Zu An immediately felt as if his entire body had filled with explosive power. He activated the Star Shattering Imprint, then planted his left foot on the ground fiercely. His body curved backward, and he bent his right knee toward the ground. As he fully drew back the Sun Slaying Bow, his entire body likewise began to resemble a bow pulled back to the limit. All of his muscles bulged from the force he exerted, and his clothes could no longer endure the tension and burst open.

Yu Yanluo was fine, since she had been very intimate with him before. However, Yan Xuehen and Yun Jianyue found it a bit hard to handle. Being so close to a man, especially one whose body was full of masculine strength, made their hearts beat wildly in spite of their strong wills.

Yan Xuehen remembered what had happened back in the Great Snowy Mountains’ hot springs, and how the water had splashed in all directions. Back then, she had been so embarrassed that she didn’t have the composure to look at him at all.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Yun Jianyue’s eyes watered to the point that tears nearly came out. She secretly warned herself that she had to stay further away from this brat once she left the secret dungeon. Otherwise, if news of her fighting over her disciple’s man got out, what dignity would she have left as the Holy Sect’s master?

Meanwhile, Zu An was completely focused. With the others’ help, he concentrated all of his power on the arrow. Its white surface shone, and the runes on its surface became more distinct, giving off an ancient and profound sensation. Terrifying destructive energy poured out of it into the world.

Then, Zu An let loose. The arrow turned into a streak of light, flying toward one of the suns in the sky. It moved so quickly that even with his cultivation, Zu An couldn’t see its trajectory.

Soon afterward, a blast of fiery golden light suddenly filled the sky. Endless streams of golden blood scattered down, and the sky darkened. Countless people quickly noticed the abnormal phenomenon that was taking place in the sky. Where there had previously been ten suns, now there was one less. They didn’t know what had happened, but they all cheered.

Zu An was a bit alarmed. He had actually, truly shot one of them down?

Who would dare boast in front of me in the future? Who is better at shooting than me?[1]

Still, he reacted quickly. He didn’t hesitate to nock another arrow and draw back the bow. After all, these were Emperor Jun’s sons. If the emperor reacted to what had happened and cast down heavenly punishment, only a tragic end awaited him. Thus, he let loose white arrows one after another; they all carried terrifying power as they flew into the sky.

Even as the Golden Crows recovered from their wounds, they suddenly noticed that one of their brothers had exploded on the spot. They were a bit stunned. Were the injuries they had sustained from Nuba so serious that they couldn't even hold on anymore? After all, they had used extreme heat to destroy Nuba, but Nuba’s heat hadn’t been any less powerful than theirs. The insides of their bodies had also become shockingly hot as a result.

Suddenly, however, they noticed the terrifying auras flying toward them one after another. They finally reacted to what was happening.

“Enemy attack!”

They quickly dispersed, not having the courage to face the arrows head-on as they sensed the threat of death.

Unfortunately, even if they evaded quickly, they weren’t as fast as the arrows. Furthermore, the arrows seemed to have tracking properties and pursued them relentlessly.

Boom!

Boom!

Boom!

…

The Golden Crows fell one after another. Golden blood scattered through the air. Perhaps it was just a coincidence, but the place they fell toward just happened to be Feather Mountain, where Zu An’s group had passed when they first arrived.

Whenever one Golden Crow was shot down, a cheer came from the world below. After all, the ten suns being overhead all at once for the first time was something that ordinary people, cultivators, and sinister monsters alike hated.

In a mere few moments, nine Golden Crows fell out of the sky.

However, Zu An didn’t have the mental capacity to count them at all. He had to take them out quickly because of Emperor Jun’s potential revenge, and he could barely withstand the strain.

The Star Shattering Imprint was something a normal person could only use once. No matter how tough his body was, using it three times in succession was also his limit. Furthermore, he was even using a divine weapon, the Sun Slaying Bow. Even though it was similar to the one the Golden Crow Crown Prince had used, its power was much greater; likewise, the cost of firing it was significantly higher.

Fortunately, he had the help of Spirit Mountain’s Ten Shamans, allowing him to fire nine arrows in a row. Unfortunately, blood was starting to pour out of the shamans’ noses and mouths too. They had clearly experienced a powerful rebound as a result.

Yu Yanluo and the two other women were in an even worse state. Strands of blood emerged from their bodies, covering them.

Zu An instinctively sensed that there was still a sun above him, and subconsciously looked up to continue firing.

“No!” a woman cried out in anger and alarm. A beautiful woman in a palace dress flew in front of the last Golden Crow, using her body to stop the devastating Sun Slaying Bow.