Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1453: Fading Away

“Since we already let him go, it’s already useless to talk about these things,” Yun Jianyue said as she looked toward the distant Treasure Mountain. “Should we head over and take a look?”

The others naturally knew what she was talking about.

Zu An said, “The path between heaven and earth has been completely severed. This Spirit Mountain is no longer the same as it was before. There’s probably no immortal medicine left to find anymore, right?”

“You’re right. Spirit Mountain’s Ten Shamans said that the immortal medicine went missing after Gu schemed against Bao Jiang,” Yan Xuehen said.

“Tsk, they might have just been hiding it on purpose. Besides, there are always miraculous herbs and plants wherever immortal medicine is. Even if the ki has disappeared, there might be something left behind. If we find even a few stalks, it’ll be worth our time anyway.” Yun Jianyue didn’t feel like explaining herself further after saying that. She kicked off the ground, then quickly shot toward Mount Precious.

The others were also a bit tempted. With Yun Jianyue leading the way, they quickly followed. However, they found Yun Jianyue with an expression full of disappointment. Even though there were some spiritual herbs remaining, for people like her and Yan Xuehen who were the sect masters of huge forces, they weren’t of much value.

“Looks like this world really has changed,” Zu An said quietly. He had already suspected that would be the case.

Then, he looked up at the elegant peak, Mount Goddess, and said, “Let’s take a look over there.”

Previously, Spirit Mountain’s Ten Shamans had mentioned that the Flame Emperor’s third daughter Yao Ji lived there. Furthermore, when he fired the Sun Slaying Bow, he had sensed a peculiar aura that was watching everything from Mount Goddess.

“I’m guessing you just want to go because you heard there was a beauty over there, right?” Yan Xuehen asked, unable to help but shoot him a pointed look.

Yun Jianyue chuckled and added, “I agree with this stone cold woman this time!”

Yu Yanluo gave Yan Xuehen a look. Shouldn’t I be the one to say that?

Sigh, these two big sisters are getting closer and closer to Ah Zu.

Even though that was what the two of them said, they still went over to look around Mount Goddess. Unfortunately, even though the mountain peak remained, the goddess was gone without a trace.

“So this was what Spirit Mountain’s Ten Shamans meant when they said that heaven and earth have already been separated,” Yan Xuehen said with a long sigh. She finally understood why, after so many years, there hadn’t been a single cultivator who could ascend to immortality despite there being so many geniuses.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Yun Jianyue was a bit more optimistic, saying, “At the very least, we know that this world does have immortals. It’s not just an abstract concept like before.”

Yan Xuehen also felt a bit inspired, replying, “You’re right!”

Just that alone made the trip into the Unknown Region worth it.

Zu An’s expression suddenly changed. He blurted out, “Wait, if these deity-like beings have all disappeared, what about Shun?”

The women felt a weight fall on their minds. The Puppet Curse Zu An had been afflicted with hadn’t been resolved yet! If Shun had disappeared along with Spirit Mountain’s Ten Shamans, what were they supposed to do then?

As such, the group couldn't hold back their curiosity and rushed toward Jiuyi Mountain. Even though they were all extremely exhausted, they still didn’t dare to delay. Zu An stepped on the Wind Fire Wheels and flew through the air while holding the three women’s hands. After experiencing so much together, they were already used to such a level of physical touch and didn’t say anything.

Now that the paths between heaven and earth had been cut, many of the unusual phenomena they experienced had also disappeared. Even the terrifying monsters and powerful cultivators had disappeared.

The world had become much more normal. They passed through Bluefield Pond, the Ferocious Water, the Field of Longevity, Dongting Lake, Mulberry Forest, the Weak Water, and other such places, but it wasn’t as difficult as before.

They quickly arrived south of Jiuyi Mountain, landing in front of Shun’s tomb.

Before they could say anything, an indistinct figure quickly appeared and said, “You did not disappoint me after all. Not only did you complete Yi’s heroic path, you also obtained the approval of the divine weapon.”

Zu An sighed in relief when he saw that Shun was still there. He asked, “Was the divine weapon you were talking about this Sun Slaying Bow?”

“Indeed,” the voice said, sounding somewhat distant. It wasn’t as steady as before.

“But this Sun Slaying Bow was clearly in the Golden Crow Crown Prince’s hands! He’s also in this world, so how can there be two Sun Slaying Bows?” Zu An asked.

He had previously mentioned that he was captured by the Fiend Emperor and his son, and that the Puppet Curse he had was also from the Fiend Emperor. As for the Sun Slaying Bow, he had seen the Golden Crow Crown Prince use it with his own eyes. Even though there were some small differences, it was definitely the same weapon. Of course, the biggest difference was that the white arrows seemed to be completely different. They were far more powerful.

“Who says there are two that can coexist?” Shun replied with a chuckle. “With your current cultivation realm, it is difficult for me to explain the reason through words. One day, you will understand yourself.”

Zu An silently cursed, but Yan Xuehen and Yun Jianyue had pensive expressions. Shun’s words had brought them a bit of enlightenment, but it was hard for them to grasp exactly what it was.

Yu Yanluo quickly said, “We’ve already completed Yi’s heroic path according to our agreement and obtained the divine weapon’s acknowledgment. Now, you should hold up your end of the deal and undo his Puppet Curse, right?”

Yan Xuehen and Yun Jianyue also quickly looked at Shun. Yan Xuehen in particular felt guilty. She wasn’t as attentive toward Zu An as Yu Yanluo. However, she quickly realized that he wasn’t even her man, so why did she have to be so caring?!

“I cannot help him undo the curse in my current state,” Shun said with a sigh.

Zu An’s brows raised. He drew the Sun Slaying Bow and aimed it at Shun, asking, “Could it be that you want a taste of this divine weapon’s power? I just happen to have one arrow left.”

Even though Shun’s status in ancient times was great and his power matched his status, he had already been dead for so many years, and Zu An had just shot down nine suns. Why would Zu An be scared of him?

The figure froze briefly, but then quickly chuckled and said, “As expected, after completing the heroic path, you have become much more courageous. However, there is no need for you to threaten me. I cannot exist for much longer, in any case.”

Zu An then realized that was true. Shun’s voice and figure were much fainter than before, as if he could dissipate at any time.

“The separation of heaven and earth has affected me. Even without it, however, I would not have been able to continue existing forever,” the voice said wryly. Then, he said to the others, “You do not need to feel so alarmed. Even though I cannot personally help you remove the Puppet Curse, I know someone who can.”

“You want to fool me into doing something else for you?” Zu An sneered. Doing so much work for nothing really wasn’t a great feeling.

“You are worrying unnecessarily. You do not need to help me do anything,” the hazy Shun said.

“What about when you said we had to defeat Yu before?” Yun Jianyue asked vigilantly. Shun had clearly said that they had to use the divine weapon to defeat Yu, and yet now, he was not even mentioning it anymore. She felt that something was strange.

“As you have already obtained the Sun Slaying Bow, there is no need to worry about the rest. You will understand later. Alright, it is time for me to enter eternal rest,” Shun said. He gradually disappeared, only leaving behind one last long and drawn-out sentence. “Head to a place called Nanchao. There is someone there who can help you with your Puppet Curse.”

Zu An frowned. Nanchao? Why does this name sound a bit familiar?