Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1457: Abandoning One’s Benefactor Upon Achieving One’s Goal

The three women were completely baffled. According to what this fatty had said earlier, he clearly had a terrible grudge against Yi Yin. How could he possibly be Yi Yin?

In moments, however, they began to feel that it made some sense. Indeed, this person was Yi Yin; it was as if they’d known that for a long time.

Mo Xi was also stunned. Previously, the look she had shot at Xia Jie was full of impatience, but afterward, her expression became conflicted. Eventually, it was replaced with anger. She snapped, “Yi Yin? I see you’ve finally gathered the courage to visit me after so many years.”

Zu An felt a bit nervous when he first saw her reaction. Why did it seem as though there was something between the two of them?

He had thought of his move as very clever, and now he had even ended up wasting a precious ‘Nickname Card’... It was a one-time-use item that was gone once he used it. What if the two really did have something, though?

However, when he saw the anger in Mo Xie’s eyes, he felt relieved.

Meanwhile, Xia Jie was stunned. He replied, “What did you call me?”

When he saw that reaction, Zu An realized that the Nickname Card only seemed to change the perception of those around the person, but it didn’t change their own perception toward themselves.

That made sense, however. If it could change everyone’s perception, wouldn’t the user be tricked too? A normal name was one thing, but if they used the name of and incredible beauty, the user wouldn’t necessarily be able to resist the temptation to fall in love with the target…

Zu An felt a chill run down his back when he thought of that.

Mo Xi’s eyebrow twitched as she exclaimed, “Oh? As expected of a heartless rat. After all this time, you actually forgot about me already!”

Yu Yanluo and the other women were immediately stunned. They looked at Zu An, asking, “They… are lovers?”

Zu An made a ‘shush’ gesture and pulled them to one side, then secretly watched the drama play out.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Heartless rat?” Xia Jie replied, stunned. Then, he realized what had happened and stamped with fury, continuing, “I see, I see. No wonder everything seemed to be going perfectly for the Shang Dynasty. So you were colluding with Yi Yin!”

Zu An observed a moment of silence for Xia Jie. From the looks of it, Mo Xi had planted an entire green field[1] on top of his head.

Mo Xi frowned, clearly confused by his reaction. She replied, “You’re actually describing our relationship like that? No wonder you abandoned your benefactor as soon as you got what you wanted!”

“Our relationship?” Xia Jie repeated. He was so angry he laughed. “You still have the nerve to mention our relationship?”

Zu An had a strange expression. I’m really amazed that even though these two are talking about completely different things, they can still have a conversation…

Mo Xi suddenly sighed when she saw that reaction, saying, “I understand now. No wonder you had such ingratitude towards your friend back then. You knew I was using you.”

“Using me?” Xia Jie repeated with a frown. “How did you use me?”

Mo Xi replied, “Back then, when Xia Jie invaded the Shi State, my clansmen struggled frantically to resist, but the difference in strength was too great. The Shi State suffered defeat after defeat. In order to save the country, as the Shi State’s princess, I had no choice but to sacrifice myself, using my own happiness in exchange for the survival of my country.

“Even though Xia Jie treated me quite well, I knew it was only out of a desire for my beauty. It wasn’t because he truly liked me as a person.”

Zu An couldn't help but look at Xia Jie now. Sure enough, the man’s face continued to twitch with fury. However, he wanted to hear the following words too, so he held it all in without saying anything.

Mo Xie continued, “I endured all those years of humiliation, but I’ve never forgotten about revenge. However, I was only a single person, so my strength was limited. At least, until I met you in Luoshui.

“Back then, my seduction skills were already perfected, so charming a young man like you wasn’t too difficult at all. Later, because of our difference in status, you had no choice but to flee. Still, I was able to contact Cheng Tang through you.”

Cheng Tang was none other than the founding monarch of the Shang Dynasty, the one who had overthrown the Xia Dynasty. Zu An had heard about that from his time in the Yinxu dungeon. However, he hadn’t known that Mo Xi was actually a part of it too.

“We stayed in touch over the years. In the end, we finally overthrew Xia Jie, hahaha!” Mo Xi exclaimed, a hint of hatred flashing through her eyes. It was clear that she still carried a grudge about what had happened to her country.

Xia Jie couldn't hold it in anymore. His veins began to pop as he screamed, “A whore! You’re an absolute whore!”

Mo Xi gave him a look and replied, “I didn’t understand why you would abandon your benefactor. After I helped Cheng Tang destroy the Xia Dynasty and built the Shang Dynasty, why didn’t he restore my reputation, and banished me and Xia Jie to Nanchao instead? Now, I finally understand. You probably already knew I was using you from the very start.”

Xia Jie spat furiously, “You vile woman, you didn’t choose to live properly as an empress and instead chose to bite the hand that fed you. In the end, you were even played. How laughable you are!”

Mo Xi’s expression darkened and she said, “I did indeed use you back then, but I didn’t cause you any losses. It was just an exchange of interests. I didn’t even try to settle things with you and you’re already cursing me?”

“Cursing you? This noble wants to kill you, you damn whore!” Xia Jie exclaimed. He couldn’t restrain himself, and charged with incredible ferocity.

“Noble?” Mo Xi repeated, stunned. However, she didn’t have time to think about it further. She spat, “I was about to settle things with you too!”

With a wave of Mo Xi’s hand, countless silken cloths rushed at Xia Jie from all directions like shattered butterflies. However, she naturally knew that wouldn’t be enough to stop her opponent. A spear suddenly appeared in her hand, rushing forth like a silver dragon as it struck at Xia Jie’s various vitals.

Yan Xuehen and the other women were incredibly shocked. Mo Xie’s spear arts danced around ferociously and powerfully. It was hard to believe that such a beautiful woman was using a spear in such a manner. Most importantly, her spear wasn’t purely hot-headed and reckless; it was also exquisite. Even they were able to gain a lot of benefits from watching her.

Zu An remembered how, when he pulled Mo Xi, she had already known a spear skill. Back then, she had been able to display them as well, but because the grade of her skill was low, it hadn’t left too much of an impression. Now that he was seeing the real deal using the complete set of spear arts, he was completely dazzled.

Zu An thought about the flame-tipped spear he used. His own crude way of wielding it really seemed like an amateurish display compared to Mo Xi’s spearmanship.

In an instant, Xia Jie and Mo Xi exchanged countless moves. Suddenly, Xia Jie released a roar. He decided not to retreat anymore, his entire body swelling like a balloon. He had been fairly chubby to begin with; now, he became even rounder. He simply let the spear strike his neck.

Mo Xi frowned as she discovered that her spear couldn't press forward by even half an inch. She snorted. With a flick of her wrist, the spear quickly spun, shooting forward like a powerful drill.

Just then, a nasty grin appeared on Xia Jie’s face. He took a step forward, and the spear immediately curved like a huge bow. Then, a second later, it shattered into countless pieces with a brittle crack. Xia Jie took the chance to approach, trying to grab his opponent. His size alone seemed to be enough to strangle Mo Xi to death.

However, Mo Xi flipped around. Her waist was like a willow branch blown by the wind, barely avoiding the grab.

A voice suddenly called out, “Take this spear!”

When Zu An realized that Mo Xie was a bit weaker than Xia Jie, he knew he had to help her, and threw over his weapon. Mo Xi reached out and grabbed it. She noticed that it was a spear with a flaming tip, of far better quality than the one she had used before.

Mo Xi spun her new spear around a few times. The power of her moves increased greatly, just enough to fend off the pursuing Xia Jie. She gave Zu An a look, strangely feeling a bit closer to him. She frowned. It was almost as if the feeling came from her body itself.

Xia Jie suddenly looked at Zu An and spat, “Damn brat, just who are you? Why are you helping her?”

Zu An smiled and said, “I’m her master, if I don’t help her, am I supposed to help a big meatball like you?”

Both Xia Jie and Mo Xi erupted into fury.

You have successfully trolled Xia Jie for +444 +444 +444…

You have successfully trolled Mo Xi for +444 +444 +444…

1. Green = cuckold. ☜