Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1466: Rock Bottom

The group felt their scalps turning numb.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Master? These two were only servants? If the servants are already this powerful, what about the master?

The Fiend Emperor was shocked and furious. He squeezed Dan Zhu’s spirit in his hand, asking, “Is that your father?”

“No… No…” Dan Zhu replied, trembling as he explained, “Something is wrong with this aura. It’s not my father!”

“Obviously!” the Fiend Emperor snapped. He could tell that the sinister aura wasn’t similar to Dan Zhu’s in the slightest.

Just then, a terrifying vortex appeared at the center of the stone platform, wildly devouring the surrounding ki. Even with Zu An and the others’ cultivation, they could barely resist it, feeling the energy within them leave their bodies. They quickly used their skills, barely managing to keep themselves stable.

Zu An voiced his amazement. The absorption skill seemed a bit similar to the Heaven Devouring Sutra! However, when he inspected it further, it also seemed to be a bit different.

Still, he didn’t have the time to consider such questions. He shouted to the Fiend Emperor, “Hurry and stop him! If that guy revives completely, none of us will survive!”

The being inside had clearly only started to wake up. In his current state, he was at his weakest.

Zu An had considered interfering to stop the process too, but the terrifying suction force could end up making him quickly follow in the fatty’s footsteps. Only the Fiend Emperor had the power to stop it.

…

“Achoo!” Somewhere far away from the cave, a heap of dirt suddenly swelled up from the ground.

“Motherf*cking… That was way too dangerous! Thank goodness I left ahead of time,” the voice’s owner muttered. He sensed a giant vortex in the cave behind him that continuously absorbed all the ki around it, and couldn't help but shiver.

If Zu An and the others had been there, they would have been shocked, because the figure was none other than Wu Liang, whom they had seen being turned into a mummy!

Wu Liang was in a sorry state; his once chubby body was now quite a bit skinnier. He had clearly suffered quite a bit due to his internal energies. A look of pain appeared on his face as he remarked, “Sigh, I lost another life here. I really lost quite a bit in this dungeon. I have to find some other treasure to make up for it.”

As the last inheritor of the Pangolin Race, he had looted countless tombs and obtained many good things from within them. One of them was the ‘Cat Fiend Nine Lives’ secret cultivation method, which gave him nine more lives. Even though it didn’t grant him a longer lifespan, if something unexpected happened and he was killed, he would have several more chances to live.

Once, he had encountered a crisis in a tomb, and been forced to use up a life. This was now his second time using up a life. His chubby face trembled just from the thought. It really hurt losing such precious lives!

He decisively made up his mind to go in the opposite direction of the cave. He had actually already taken some mental notes on some caves that could bring some benefits along the way. It was just that the Fiend Emperor had been utterly focused on the immortal medicine and a chance for immortality, and hadn’t been too interested in those other things. The current situation just happened to perfectly benefit Wu Liang, however.

As for the terrifying tomb behind him, he knew that not even nine lives would be enough to survive in a place like that. His many years of tomb raiding experience had made him firmly believe in the principle of ‘safety first’. He had to know his limits. Things that were clearly beyond his ability had to be given up on.

I’ll just leave it up to the Fiend Emperor and the others. If they can uncover the secrets inside, I can follow them out of this Unknown Region too.

If they can’t, and I have to spend the rest of my life here…

Staying behind in this world doesn’t sound all that bad either. There seem to really be immortal traces here. If I loot a few more tombs and take a few decades, or even a century to increase my strength, I’ll come back to that tomb later. Then, everything will be mine, hahaha!

When Wu Liang thought about that wonderful future, his dejected expression quickly changed. He quickly left in the direction of the sunset, gradually disappearing into the horizon.

…

Meanwhile, inside the cave, Zu An and the others definitely didn’t share Wu Liang’s good mood. They could only hold on bitterly as they experienced the coffin’s terrifying nature head-on.

When he heard what Zu An said, the Fiend Emperor narrowed his eyes. He naturally understood the reasoning, but he was worried that if he interfered and got into trouble, Zu An would be the one who benefited the most in the end.

However, at this point, he didn’t have the luxury to overthink it. Two spheres of golden light that resembled miniature suns suddenly appeared in his palms. In an instant, he quickly appeared next to the coffin, rushing directly at the crystal skull.

He knew that the source of all the strange phenomena was the joining of the crystal skull with the coffin. As long as the skull was smashed apart or they were separated, it would likely be enough to stop the crisis..

The white-clad man and the giant red bear rushed forward to stop the Fiend Emperor when they saw what he was doing.

However, two golden wings suddenly appeared behind the Fiend Emperor. Every single feather contained golden sword energy. He knew he couldn't waste any time, so he didn’t hold back.

The red bear roared furiously. All of its hairs stood on end like steel needles, blocking the golden sword energy. Although chunk after chunk of its fur was blasted off, the Fiend Emperor’s golden feathers gradually dimmed as well.

The white-clad man released a cold snort. Green flames swirled around his left hand, while a black water snake emerged from his right, attacking the Fiend Emperor from both directions. The air filled with an eye-stinging sensation, accompanied by a sour stench that could be smelled in the distance.

“There’s poison!” Yun Jianyue quickly warned the others. She stared at the flames and black water the white-clad man produced. Both clearly had unnatural colors. She couldn't tell which one was poisonous, or if both of them were.

Zu An saw clearly that whether it was the white-clad man or the giant red bear, neither one of them was weaker than the Fiend Emperor. Even if the Fiend Emperor could hold on alone, he definitely wouldn’t have the strength left to stop the being in the stone coffin from reviving.

As such, he couldn’t afford to think about his grudge against the Fiend Emperor, and he prepared to rush over.

Suddenly, however, golden light erupted through the entire palace, and countless hidden runes in the walls lit up. Then, golden whips emerged from the walls one after another, continuously lashing at the stone coffin.

Furious roars emanated from the coffin. The sinister aura briefly stopped spreading, and the terrifying suction force became much weaker than before.

The group was overjoyed to see what was happening. Yan Xuehen quickly exclaimed, “This is a seal created by the one who built this tomb! It will not be easy for the one in the coffin to come out.”

She prepared to rush forward to work together with Zu An, in order to distract the giant red bear and buy the Fiend Emperor some time.

Just then, the spirit in the Fiend Emperor’s hands cried out, “This is father’s power! I can sense father’s power! Father, where are you? I’m Dan Zhu! Hurry and save me!”

The Fiend Emperor shivered. The current situation was already a huge mess. If another being like Emperor Yao joined the fray, he wouldn’t stand a chance even if he grew two more heads and two more pairs of arms!

Only then did Zu An learn the spirit’s name. So he was called Dan Zhu? Why does he look like that, and why was he enslaved by the Fiend Emperor?

However, Dan Zhu’s pleas received no reply. They only drew the attention of the skull. It looked in Dan Zhu’s direction, then suddenly opened its mouth, releasing a powerful suction force in his direction.

Dan Zhu’s spirit form couldn't hold on and flew rapidly toward the skull. He screamed in fear. If he got swallowed up, he would be dead for sure! Unfortunately, because of the Fiend Emperor, he was only a ruined soul fragment, so how could he resist the skull’s power?

The Fiend Emperor’s expression changed. He tried to stop what was happening, but the white-clad man reacted quickly as well. The green flames and black water combined together, turning into a creature that resembled a yin-yang fish. Streaks of power arced out.

The Fiend Emperor was shocked. In that instant, he felt a threat to his very life! He knew that if he didn’t go all out, he could be defeated outright by the attack. His eyes erupted with golden light, and a red sun projection appeared behind him as he stretched out his arms to face the yin-yang fish.

Suddenly, a terrifying power rippled outward in all directions, stripping away many of the rune formations on the walls, including ones that were intended to prevent damage to the great tomb’s structure!

The Fiend Emperor and the white-clad man both groaned, both retreating more than ten meters.

The Fiend Emperor felt his internal energies stir. If not for his wounds from his battle against the Qiongqi, his attack would have already been enough to seriously injure his opponent. Still, he knew that the white-clad man seemed to have just awakened, and thus wasn’t at his strongest either.

Just how terrifying was the being in that coffin, then?

He suddenly looked to one side, only to see the crystal skull swallow up Dan Zhu’s soul fragment. In that instant, he felt as if all hope had hit rock bottom.