Chapter 1469: Power of Dragon Veins

He’s still recovering right now. Without Xiang Liu and Fuyou as his guards, and with the crown prince to help me, there should be a high chance of success.

But why is he so calm? That shouldn’t be the case!

If this Gonggong was so powerful and well-known in ancient times, and he even has powerful subordinates like Xiang Liu and Fuyou, he’s definitely not stupid. In that case, why did he make Xiang Liu leave, remaining all alone with me?

Could it be that his strength has already recovered to the point that he can subdue me? Is that why he isn’t scared of me?

Or maybe he’s using this as a chance to test me, and Xiang Liu is actually just hiding nearby?

In an instant, countless thoughts appeared in the Fiend Emperor’s mind. In the end, he decided not to do anything. After all, the aura Gonggong had displayed was just way too frightening. He felt that Gonggong definitely had some hidden cards yet to play.

That was why even though Gonggong hadn’t completely recovered, he didn’t dare to take such a big risk. Instead, he replied, “Master must be joking. This subordinate doesn’t dare!”

In the past, the Golden Crow Crown Prince had always seen large numbers of subordinates bowing down at the Fiend Emperor’s feet. Now that he saw his father being so submissive in front of another, he suddenly felt extremely weary inside.

Hmph, what willpower of the strong? It’s all fake. Only strength matters.

If you’re stronger than others, of course you can retain your so-called willpower of the strong. If you’re weaker, what else can you do but act like an obedient grandson?

After he had all those thoughts, his perplexed expression immediately became much steadier.

“I expected as much.” Gonggong harrumphed. He continued to take in and release ki, his body becoming more and more solid by the moment.

When had the Fiend Emperor ever been looked down on like this before? He felt wronged and furious, but he was a shrewd person and didn’t show it at all. He only quietly looked in the direction Zu An had left in.

They had clearly been enemies before, but now, for some reason, he was hoping that they could create some kind of a miracle.

…

However, Zu An’s group wasn’t in a good situation at all. The tomb was just too big, and they didn’t know where to run to either. Even though they used all sorts of traps and mechanisms to deter their pursuer, Fuyou was still an earth immortal. The difference in strength was just too great.

“Little An, running forever like this won’t be a solution either. Should we turn around and just risk it all against him?” Yun Jianyue asked nervously.

“And what would we even use to risk it all?” Yan Xuehen retorted, practically dousing her with cold water. Even though this Fuyou couldn't compare to the Fiend Emperor or Zhao Han, for better or for worse, he was still an earth immortal. If they fought, the group wouldn’t last for very long, let alone win.

“The Sun Slaying Bow! We’ve even shot down suns before. They were all much stronger than this Fuyou,” Yun Jianyue replied instinctively.

“We’ll get rid of Fuyou, but what about the others?” Yan Xuehen replied coldly. There was only one special arrow left. Dealing with Fuyou naturally wouldn’t be a problem, but they would still have to deal with the more powerful Xiang Liu, the Fiend Emperor, and even Gonggong. It would be way too much of a waste to use it on him.

“Then what do we do?” Yun Jianyue asked in annoyance. In all her years, she had never felt as dejected as in this Unknown Region.

“Ah Zu definitely has a way,” Yu Yanluo said, looking at Zu An with a gentle expression.

Yun Jianyue didn’t believe that to be the case. She thought, Even though this youngster is pretty strong, even with his assortment of skills, they can only make him about as strong as me in my current state. How can he deal with an earth immortal?

Is this another instance of women losing their minds after falling in love?

However, she never could have expected that the stone cold woman beside her would also be looking at Zu An with extraordinary confidence. The sight left her a bit shaken.

A loud laugh rang out, and Fuyou’s massive body appeared, blocking their path. He taunted Zu An, “Kid, where are you going to run off to now?”

Zu An smiled. His previously nervous expression disappeared without a trace. Instead, there was a trace of mockery on his face as he replied, “Who said I was running? I just wanted to bait you here.”

Fuyou was stunned. Then, he grumbled in his low voice, “Damn brat, have you gone crazy?”

Zu An didn’t waste his breath either. His hands made a strange gesture as he exclaimed, “Descending Dragon Eighteen Palms!”

Yu Yanluo blinked. She asked the two women beside her, “Big sisters are knowledgeable, so do the two of you know what kind of skill this Descending Dragon Eighteen Palms is?”

Even after thinking for a long time, she couldn't recall hearing about such a skill from anywhere. She felt embarrassed by her own lack of knowledge. However, Yan Xuehen and Yun Jianyue were both leaders of their respective factions, and grandmasters at that. Perhaps they had heard of the skill before.

When they saw the expectant look in Yu Yanluo’s eyes, Yan Xuehen and Yun Jianyue exchanged a look. They both felt their faces heat up as they replied, “The name is impressive, but we haven’t heard of it either.”

“His hand seal does not seem to be doing anything, and there are flaws everywhere. It looks a bit like…” Yan Xuehen began to say something, but then stopped.

“Like a scammer from the streets,” Yun Jianyue finished bluntly.

How could they know that the hand seal was just a movement Zu An had seen actors perform on television?

Zu An took a step forward. Suddenly, all sorts of hidden runes in the surroundings activated, extending in all directions. Soon afterward, loud rumbles quickly came from the distant mountains. All those present were stunned. Suddenly, it was as if the entire mountain had come alive.

“Nothing more than a farce!” Fuyou snorted and pounced forward. The wind that accompanied his charge made it hard for Zu An’s group to even breathe.

Suddenly, the walls off to the side broke open, and a giant yellow dragon flew out. It had a massive head with terrifying teeth, sharp claws, and many scales covering its body.

“Is this the dragon energy of this mountain’s vein?” Yan Xuehen exclaimed, widening her eyes in shock.

She had some skill in rune formations, so she naturally knew that some great mountain veins had dragon vein legends. If cultivators trained there, they would achieve twice the results with half the effort. If an imperial tomb of a dynasty were placed there, the vein could extend the fate of an entire country, bringing them long-term prosperity.

However, that only existed in legends; no one had seen it before. Even Yan Xuehen had thought that dragon veins were nothing more than a vague and nebulous concept. She hadn’t expected to actually see one for herself today.

Fuyou was also caught unprepared. His fist surged with red radiance as he sent it smashing forward. The golden dragon clashed with the red light, releasing a blast of dazzling radiance. The entire tunnel quaked and shook. If not for the fact that the tomb’s defensive formations were still somewhat effective, they would have all been buried alive.

“Hmph, is that all?” Fuyou called out; he had only felt his palms become a bit numb. The power of the attack was great, but it wasn’t enough to threaten him.

However, Zu An’s expression remained firm. Countless golden dragon auras rushed out from the surrounding walls, ceiling, and ground. Every single one contained mighty power, surrounding and attacking Fuyou.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Just then, Yun Jianyue and Yan Xuehen’s expressions changed as well. If they were in Fuyou’s place, they might have been instantly ripped to shreds by the endless streams of dragon energy!

Most importantly, Zu An had only just recently reached the master rank. Why was he able to bring forth such a powerful attack?

Yan Xuehen was suddenly shaken. She remembered that when they had arrived at the mountain range and Zu An observed the shape of the mountain, he had commented that this place contained a powerful dragon vein.

It was already quite difficult for an ordinary spiritual mountain to have a single dragon vein; and yet, this place’s mountain range undulated up and down continuously. So it was actually hiding so many dragon veins! That was why Zu An could borrow such great power.

Besides that, it was all probably because of ‘One Drop of Heaven’s Essence’, wasn’t it? Didn’t that mean that in the future, as long as he was in a dragon vein, he would become comparable to an earth immortal?

The two women both felt a bit dizzy. If news of such a thing got out, it could shock the entire world!

It was one thing for them to know, as they were close to him, but the other powers wouldn’t hesitate to rope him in. If they couldn't rope him in, they would definitely do everything they could to eliminate him. That was especially true for Zhao Han and the Fiend Emperor.

Yu Yanluo’s eyes shone brightly. You’re so handsome! When she first met Ah Zu, she had seen him as a young and immature little boy. Now, he was already a big, mature man who could be relied on! She thought, Oh my, why am I acting like this?

Dragon energy swirled all around them, and endless golden dragons attacked Fuyou.

Fuyou roared in anger. He had taken the most direct route, so he couldn't avoid all the golden dragons. He could only use his arms and legs, releasing streaks of red light to destroy the golden dragons. However, whenever he destroyed one, another quickly took its place. Even with his cultivation, he found it a bit hard to take them on.

Soon afterward, his body was repeatedly pierced by the golden dragons. One after another, spurts of blood burst out of him, causing him to roar unceasingly.

Unfortunately, he had just been revived and hadn’t fully recovered his strength yet. As he was now covered in injuries, his movements grew slower and slower. His injuries became greater and greater in number as well.

Yan Xuehen and Yun Jianyue were both excited. They hadn’t expected Zu An to actually be able to kill someone at the earth immortal level!

It was different from killing the Golden Crows before. That had been achieved through relying on the Sun Slaying Bow’s power, as well as the support of Spirit Mountain Ten Shamans and the three women. This time, even though Zu An was also borrowing the power of the dragon veins, One Drop of Heaven’s Essence was something he had learned himself, so it was still his own skill.

Just as Fuyou was about to be finished, a white figure flashed over. Nine white figures immediately appeared, blocking all of the incoming dragon energy around him.

“Disperse!” Xiang Liu called out. Two kinds of light, green and black, swirled around him. A powerful domain emerged, destroying all of the nearby dragon energy.

Favorite