Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1476: Rune Weapon Chart

Both Golden Crows were stupefied when they heard Zu An’s response. Is this kid drunk? He even dares to speak like that to someone so terrifying?

The Golden Crow Crown Prince was secretly happy. He had always found that kid’s lips extremely annoying, but now, he felt great instead. He thought, Actually, it would be even better if you talked more. That way, if you offended Yu the Great, just a single breath from him would erase you from existence!

Yu Yanluo and the other women looked at Zu An worriedly. They didn’t approve of him talking to Yu the Great that way either. The difference in strength between the two of them was just way too big.

Zu An was left sweating. He had needed to brace himself to say that. The main reason he had decided to speak up was because, judging from his words and actions, Yu the Great didn’t seem to be evil; rather, he seemed more like a defender of righteousness.

Furthermore, after what he had experienced in the previous Unknown Regions, whether it was Qin Shihuang, Ying Zheng, or Shang Emperor Wu Geng, they had all given him good stuff. And yet, this Unknown Region clearly looked as if it would close soon. Yu the Great was going to leave, and yet nothing had happened. How could he not panic?

He had come all the way to this Unknown Region and almost died several times. And yet, not only had he not gotten anything, he had ended up losing a bunch of important stuff. It really was too much!

“How did I damage your possessions?” Yu the Great asked unhappily, abruptly turning around.

In the distance, the Golden Crow Crown Prince burst into laughter. This guy freaking deserves it! Someone like him had it coming!

Yu Yanluo tugged on Zu An’s sleeves nervously. However, Zu An calmly deduced that since he hadn’t received any Rage points, this guy wasn’t even mad at all. As such, he said, “The Nine Cauldron, of course. I brought it here, and I was also the one who used it to undo that spatial seal of yours. However, you split it into nine and used it to beat Gonggong.”

Even now, he couldn’t understand how the pocket-sized Nine Cauldron he normally just used to make pills would actually be able to display so much power.

Yu the Great said calmly, “The Nine Cauldron was something I created, so it was my weapon to begin with.”

Zu An’s entire body felt uneasy beneath Yu the Great’s gaze. He thought, This guy might already be on par with the immortals in strength, right? And yet he stayed in the mortal world. How is that fair?

He checked the system’s backend and saw that he still hadn’t received any Rage points. He thus calmed down a bit, saying, “The Nine Cauldron was created by senior, but due to the passage of time, senior passed on long ago. This Nine Cauldron changed hands several times, and eventually ended up in mine. I brought it into this world, and I am also its owner.”

Now, even the Fiend Emperor felt some admiration for Zu An. Is he mad? He dares to negotiate with Yu the Great? What’s the difference between this and courting death?

The Fiend Emperor thought that if anyone else dared to talk to Yu the Great like that, he would no doubt have already killed them. However, what happened next almost made the Fiend Emperor’s eyes pop out of their sockets.

“What you say is not unreasonable,” Yu the Great suddenly said with a nod. He gave Zu An a careful look. Suddenly, he exclaimed in surprise, “Oh? Even with your level of cultivation, you still seem to have received the recognition of this world. It really is quite amazing.”

“Recognition of the world?” the Fiend Emperor repeated, suddenly feeling jealous. What kind of concept was being recognized by the world? No matter how powerful he was, he had still never received the recognition of his world. Zhao Han was no different.

All those who received the recognition of the world had to have great fortune. As long as Zu An continued to cultivate in this world, his cultivation speed would be countless times higher than in the outside world. It was to the extent that if anyone wanted to treat him badly, that person would be rejected by the world and experience bad luck thereafter.

After arriving in this world, the Fiend Emperor had killed the Four Perils and undone countless important seals. He had obtained so many key pieces to this trial, and yet he hadn’t obtained the acknowledgement of the world. Just what had Zu An done to enjoy such good fortune?

The Golden Crow Crown Prince felt even more jealous. Why?! This ant just jumps around annoyingly! What right does he have to enjoy all of this? Why does he get all the benefits?

Zu An himself hadn’t expected to obtain the world’s recognition. Could it be because he had completed Yi’s heroic path, shooting down the nine suns who had been causing chaos from above? If he were to compare it to a game, he had probably completed the equivalent of this world’s S-rank hidden quest, as well as the Fiend Emperor’s S-rank main quest. In addition, his Nine Cauldron had been critically important. As such, all in all, he had proven more useful than the Fiend Emperor’s group.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Just then, Yu the Great spoke up again. “Now that I think about it, the two of us were brought together by fate. However, the Nine Cauldron has already been used to subdue the world, so I cannot return it to you. I will simply give you something else as compensation.”

The Fiend Emperor’s eyes lit up, and he began breathing heavily. How could something this guy gave out be low-quality in any way? After he left, he definitely had to seize it from Zu An.

Even though Zu An was lucky, the difference in strength between them was too great. Furthermore, in order to deal with Gonggong, the Fiend Emperor had even absorbed all of Fuyou’s cultivation. He was now thirty percent stronger than he had been at his previous peak.

Zu An finished sorting out his thoughts. He was quite relaxed as he replied, “The Nine Cauldrons are so precious that I won’t be satisfied with any ordinary goods!”

Yu the Great was speechless. So were all the others.

This guy was always able to say the most shameful things as if they were proper and right. Do you not see who you’re talking to?

Yan Xuehen felt that even more strongly than the others. If he weren’t so fearless, there’s no way he would have dared to bed me!

Yu the Great took a deep breath, as if trying to calm himself down. He didn’t waste any more words, however. With a tap of his finger, a streak of golden light flew into Zu An’s forehead.

Zu An felt as if a lot of information had entered his mind in an instant. Only after a while did he realize what had happened: Yu the Great had passed on a skill.

The keyboard system in his head went off. “New Unknown Region skill has been detected: ‘Rune Weapon Chart’. Would you like to register this skill?”

“Yes!” Zu An responded, overjoyed. It was good that he had mustered up the courage to ask about compensation. Otherwise, wouldn’t he have missed out on this chance?

The Rune Weapon Chart was quickly registered to the F1 key. An icon that resembled a rune and a sword appeared on its surface.

The Rune Weapon Chart’s explanation appeared in Zu An’s mind. As he quickly read through it, his breathing quickened.

To put it simply, the skill could turn any weapon in the world into Zu An’s own. He had gained proficiency as well as strong affinity with any and every weapon. As long as it was a weapon he had seen before, he would be able to materialize one to use for himself.

At first, Zu An had thought that Yu the Great would give him an earth element skill. He hadn’t expected it to be this skill! Technically, didn’t it belong to the metal element?

Of course, the element wasn’t the most important part. What mattered most was its sheer power. Zu An’s defensive and healing abilities were both extremely strong. However, what he lacked when fighting against stronger opponents was an offensive skill that was strong enough to keep up. Thus, this skill was exactly what he needed!

Others could technically use any weapon once they reached a certain level of cultivation, but they would only be able to specialize in one for the rest of their lives. After all, each weapon had its advantages and disadvantages, and only if one devoted one’s life to a weapon would its potential be fully unearthed. However, this skill would save Zu An a ton of time. He would be able to bring the full power of any weapon out, making him a true weapon master.

The weapon affinity part was something he didn’t understand too well. However, that was a minor issue; the most powerful feature was the weapon materialization. As long as he had seen it before, he could reproduce it. If he could study enough of the world’s heaven-grade, immortal-grade, or even deity-grade weapons, wouldn’t it mean the equivalent of always having a massive weapon armory? Just the sheer amount alone would crush his opponents to death.

Of course, it didn’t come without limitations. For example, he had to have seen it himself. At the same time, there was a time limit to the materialized weapons; he couldn't use them forever. In addition, they were a bit weaker in grade and skill compared to the real deal.

Still, that was already enough! If the quality couldn’t be high enough, he would replace it with quantity!

Besides, if the materialized version were the exact same as the original, wouldn’t that just be unreasonable?