Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1477: Robbery

“As a new Unknown Region secret skill has been registered, a new ability of the keyboard system has been unlocked: The Forging System.”

Zu An was surprised. Previously, the other secret manuals had unlocked the lottery, the Valkyrie, and other such features. What was the deal with the forging feature? When he saw that it had something to do with weapons, he thought, As expected of the Rune Weapon Chart.

At the moment, however, he didn’t have the time to thoroughly understand the new Forging System. Reading the Rune Weapon Chart’s explanation had already taken too much time.

“Hm? Your comprehension is truly formidable. You have already grasped it so quickly? Normally, even the most stunning geniuses would have to spend a long time before they could comprehend it,” Yu the Great remarked in surprise. seemingly having sensed something.

Meanwhile, the three women felt proud of Zu An. They had already known about his transcendent aptitude, but now that it was someone as powerful as Yu the Great giving the praise, they also felt a sense of pride.

However, Yun Jianyue was soon stunned. What am I feeling proud for? What does this have to do with me?

She snuck Yan Xuehen a look and saw that the other woman seemed ecstatic. She harrumphed inwardly. There’s no need to be that happy about your disciple finding a good man, right? It’s not as if it’s your man.

Hmph, I’ll have to urge Honglei to settle her relationship with him. It would be best if she seized the main wife position and made that stone cold woman’s disciple serve her as a concubine.

But… Honglei is still cultivating the Heavenly Devil’s Temptation. If I told her to get with him ahead of time, her cultivation would suffer for the rest of her life. Wouldn’t that harm her?

At first, Zu An had only had one woman, which would have been fine. If Honglei’s cultivation turned out to be lower, that would be acceptable, as she would have found a good husband regardless. Now, however, he had so many pretty women around him. If Honglei’s cultivation ended up lower than all of theirs, wouldn’t she be easily bullied?

Yun Jianyue felt really conflicted. Both choices were bad… She couldn’t just do it herself, right?

She was stunned as soon as that thought emerged. Her cheeks heated up. Pah pah pah! What the hell is wrong with me? Why would I have such absurd thoughts?

…

Unlike them, the Golden Crow Crown Prince was filled with jealousy and hatred. This guy got lucky again! He really is my fated enemy. Why aren’t the heavens hacking him to death?!

The Fiend Emperor wondered what Yu the Great had given Zu An. Whatever it was, it had to be something extraordinary.

In previous years, the human emperor Zhao Han had sent some people into an Unknown Region, and seemed to have obtained an immortal secret. Even though that method seemed to have failed, Unknown Regions really did turn out to be full of hope. Could it be that the secret had already been passed on to Zu An?

…

Yu the Great gave Zu An a deep look, then looked into the distance. He said, “I initially planned to take a look around this world before I disappeared, but now that I have passed on this skill to you, my energy cannot last for much longer.”

Zu An did feel a bit apologetic, saying, “Senior, it was my fault.”

“It is alright. This is the will of heaven…” Yu the Great replied with a chuckle. Then, his body began to fade. In the end, he turned into specks of starlight.

To begin with, he had been nothing more than a safety measure in case Gonggong came back to life. That had been his sole mission. Now that his mission was complete, he had to leave. No one could resist the power of time, not even someone as powerful as Yu the Great.

Zu An sighed. However, he suddenly noticed that a deep vortex appeared in the spot Yu the Great had disappeared from. There was a familiar aura coming from within.

Yan Xuehen exclaimed happily, “That seems to be the aura of our world!”

“This Unknown Region has been successfully conquered. We can return to our original world now,” Zu An added excitedly. He had entered Unknown Regions before, and thus had experience. The three women cheered excitedly when they heard his explanation.

Meanwhile, Zu An smiled. This Unknown Region was different from the ones he had experienced before; the cultivations of those inside had all been too high! It had made them constantly feel as if they were walking on thin ice. He was curious as to whether this world really did exist, or if it was just a special secret dungeon.

While he was lost in thought, he suddenly shivered. He looked toward one side immediately.

“Your vigilance is indeed excellent. You noticed me as soon as I appeared,” the Fiend Emperor said. The Golden Crow Crown Prince also followed beside him, glaring at Zu An’s group with an unkind expression.

Zu An was on guard inwardly, but he didn’t reveal anything unusual on the surface. He said, “It was thanks to our cooperation that we dealt with this Unknown Region’s dangers. We can finally return.”

“Return?” The Fiend Emperor sneered. “I have already spent a long time in this place and fought countless powerful beings. Even though I received some small spoils, they were almost all used to open the tomb. So far, I have received almost nothing. Are you telling me to return just like that?”

Zu An looked as if he had suddenly ‘realized’ what was going on. He said, “Ah, my memory really is poor. Didn’t I promise to give your majesty information regarding the immortal medicine? Your majesty helped us earlier, and I’ve always been someone who clearly separates gratitude and grudge. I definitely wouldn’t lie to my friends. I’ll immediately tell you the information about the immortal medicine. I hope your majesty can keep your promise to settle all of our past conflicts.”

Yan Xuehen and the other women quietly stood next to him. They were all a bit worried. Wasn’t Ah Zu trusting the other side too much? What if the Fiend Emperor went back on his word? However, when they recalled Zu An’s usual wit, they concluded that he had already considered those things.

“Oh, that is no problem,” the Fiend Emperor said as his breathing quickened. As he was nearing the end of his lifespan, he needed such immortal medicines the most.

The Golden Crow Crow Prince panicked, exclaiming, “Father emperor, you cannot let yourself be fooled by that brat! If he really did know anything about the immortal medicine, he would have eaten it a long time ago, Why would he possibly leave it to us?”

The Fiend Emperor’s expression was overcast; he clearly shared the same sentiment.

Zu An said with a smile, “Your majesty, it looks as if the crown prince does not wish for you to live for too long.”

The Fiend Emperor’s eyelids twitched, but he still said coldly, “Do not try to sow dissent between us. Hurry and tell me your information about the immortal medicine.”

The Golden Crow Crown Prince didn’t relax at all, because he knew that what Zu An had said really was effective; it was especially so toward the royal family, as they didn’t share much affection with each other.

Zu An relaxed his shoulders and said, “I’ve never seen the immortal medicine before, but along the way, I found out that Spirit Mountain’s Treasure Mountain contained an immortal medicine. In the past, someone even used that immortal medicine to revive a dead person…”

Then, he shared the rest of the immortal medicine information with the Fiend Emperor… after covering up the important parts, of course.

Yun Jianyue and the other women looked at him worriedly. The look in their eyes seemed to convey, ‘Will this really be enough to fool him?’Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Zu An shot back a look that seemed to say ‘Don’t worry.’ He knew he couldn't fool the Fiend Emperor completely, but the smarter a person was, the more they would be carried away by their own plans. They wouldn’t be willing to give up even the slightest chance, and would thus lie to themselves. That was even more the case with the Fiend Emperor, who was nearing the end of his life. His desire for immortal medicine had already turned into complete zealotry.

“Good, good, good!” the Fiend Emperor exclaimed. No matter how composed he was usually, he couldn't contain the rapt joy on his face. With his knowledge, if Zu An randomly created a lie about the immortal medicine, he would have easily seen through it. However, Zu An’s description was very detailed. He knew there was no way it could have been created on the spot, and that at least a large portion of it was true.

Zu An took the chance to say, “Fiend Emperor, I have already told you what I know. This exit might close at any time. You should hurry and head to Spirit Mountain to look for the immortal medicine. Otherwise, this place might close forever.”

The Fiend Emperor looked in Spirit Mountain’s direction. However, he didn’t seem too inclined to move. He said with a smile, “There is no rush.”

Zu An and the others suddenly felt pressured. He asked, “Why?”

The Fiend Emperor reached a hand toward Zu An, asking, “What did Yu the Great give you just now? How about you hand it over?”