Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1480: Dongfeng’s Blossom

“What is this?” the Fiend Emperor exclaimed, his eyes narrowing. He had never seen such a thing before in all of his years of dominating the world. It was completely unfamiliar to him.

The item in Zu An’s hands appeared to be a magic weapon, but it wasn’t deity or immortal-grade. It wasn’t even heaven-grade, and yet the Fiend Emperor sensed a chilling aura of killing intent from it that exceeded many famous treasures.

It wasn’t just him. Even Yan Xuehen and the other women’s eyes widened in surprise. They had fought together for so long, but they had never seen Zu An use the weapon.

A mysterious glint flickered in Zu An’s eyes. He slowly chanted, “Na… mo… Gat-ling bodhisattva. Six barrels empty your bullets; in one breath, three thousand six hundred rotations. Pass your mercy and sorrow onto the people of the world.”

The Fiend Emperor, Yan Xuehen, and the others were a bit confused. As there were daoist sects, there were naturally also monks. They knew what a bodhisattva was. But what did this thing have to do with a bodhisattva?

They naturally had no way of knowing that the chant was nothing more than a popular internet phrase from Zu An’s previous world. The only thing that was on the same level as the buddha gatling was the magical maxim[1].

Zu An’s main limitation was that he had seen too few high-grade weapons in this world, and thus, the amount he could materialize was limited. They couldn’t pose enough of a threat against the Fiend Emperor.

However, when he thought about the problem of his lacking firepower, he quickly recalled the weapons that appeared in the battlefields of his previous world. The problem was that he came from a world of science and technology, but this was a world of cultivation; thus, he wasn’t sure whether he could successfully materialize things.

And yet, he had given it a try anyway, and it actually worked!

Zu An immediately felt a burst of confidence, his back straightening as he held the gatling gun. He said, “Fiend Emperor, you were acting pretty smug a moment ago…”

When he heard the provocative tone in Zu An’s voice, the Fiend Emperor’s face darkened. He replied, “Do you really think a long, dark cooking spoon is enough to defeat me?”

“Cooking spoon?” Zu An repeated with a strange expression. He continued, “Then you should have a taste of this cooking spoon.”

He didn't say anything else and pulled the trigger, aiming at the Fiend Emperor. The pitch-black muzzle sprayed out blue flames, and countless bullets sprayed out with an ear-piercing roar.

The Fiend Emperor felt disdain at first, but in the next instant, his expression immediately changed.

What the hell is being fired from it? Arrows? No, they’re much smaller, as if they’re only arrowheads.

They’re extremely fast, too. I almost couldn’t react in time. Every single one has an aura comparable to sharp sword ki.

For those reasons, he didn’t dare to take it directly. He quickly used his unique movement skill to evade.

Unfortunately, the gatling gun’s strongest point was that it could cover a wide area. The bullets sprayed outward, saturating the space between them far better than the ten or so heaven-grade weapons Zu An had previously summoned.

No matter how much the Fiend Emperor dodged, there were always some bullets he couldn't avoid. Helpless to do anything else, he could only summon his golden wings. The feathers quickly turned into golden sword ki, coming together to stop all the incoming bullets.

Zu An sighed in amazement. The Fiend Emperor really was formidable. Even the gatling’s rapid fire rate and concentrated bullets couldn't land a single decent hit.

However, Yan Xuehen and the others were even more shocked than he was. The Fiend Emperor being stronger made sense, and the golden sword ki was indeed formidable, but that was only in terms of defense.

And yet, Zu An was the one beating down the Fiend Emperor right now! If the story got out, it would cause people’s jaws to drop, right?

Furthermore, the strange weapon in his hands seemed to have horrific power that could even fell armies. Even soldiers would be mowed down by the weapon unless they set up a defensive formation ahead of time!

The Fiend Emperor was starting to regret his decision. He had wanted to test out his opponent’s weapon, which was why he hadn’t immediately cut through space to evade. Now, however, it would be too late even if he wanted to do that. It took a very short time to teleport, but the weapon’s firing interval was even shorter!

Each and every hidden weapon had great power. Of course, they wouldn’t be lethal against those who were truly strong. After all, any random strike from such cultivators could destroy a mountain. These kinds of hidden weapons were still lacking in that regard.

However, their fire was just too concentrated! The Fiend Emperor could still take on a hundred of them, but the weapon could fire several thousand in just a single breath! If he relaxed even a little bit, he could end up being shot full of holes!

After all, compared to their various offensive methods, the defenses of cultivators were notably weaker. Normally, it wasn’t much of a problem, as they had many methods of evasion or defense. They wouldn’t be so stupid as to take everything on directly with their bodies.

How could the Fiend Emperor have anticipated something that released such a powerful stream of firepower, though? He could only passively defend.

The golden sword energy made from his feathers was much stronger than a single one of the ‘hidden weapons’, but due to the difference in number and frequency between them, he could only trade one sword for a few of the projectiles at a time. As such, he actually suffered quite a few losses.

If Zu An’s supply of hidden weapons was limitless, even though the Fiend Emperor’s cultivation was much higher, he could end up dying from exhaustion. However, he didn’t panic. He didn't believe that a weapon so powerful could be limitless.

Sure enough, after some time, the black barrel began glowing red from the heat. Then, with a loud boom, it exploded. Considering how tough Zu An’s body was, however, the heat and explosion couldn't hurt him.

He cried out in regret. The materialized gatling was a bit less durable than a normal gatling, but it shouldn’t have been destroyed that quickly. He also began feeling dizzy

He thought in surprise, I was clearly shooting bullets just now, so why does my body feel empty instead?

He shivered. Looks like the Rune Weapon Chart doesn’t come without a price. What it exhausts should be the ki inside me. Fortunately, I have several divine skills that grant me tremendous amounts of ki. A normal master rank cultivator might have already been sucked dry after making those heaven-grade weapons and the gatling.

A figure suddenly appeared by Zu An’s side. The Fiend Emperor was clearly unwilling to give him another chance.

Yan Xuehen, Yun Jianyue, and Yu Yanluo harrumphed. They had been watching Zu An, and knew he was probably at his weakest. They all rushed forth to protect him.

The Empress Lantern appeared. The Crescent Ring followed, drawing a crescent moon-shaped arc in midair, but it didn’t take the initiative to attack. Instead, it quietly released moonlight that, when paired with the Empress Lantern, could grant it even greater restrictive power.

Yu Yanuo’s eyes shone with the highest-grade amber light. Now that she had the Holy Pearl and Dragonsnake’s Nine Transformations, the Medusa’s Eye no longer put her body on the brink of collapse whenever she used it.

Yan Xuehen’s entire body flickered with brilliant runes. Then, she charged forward, wrapped in a blizzard of wind and snow.

After experiencing several life and death situations together, their teamwork had become excellent.

The surface of the Fiend Emperor’s body began to petrify. Together with the Empress Lantern and the moonlight’s radiance, his movements became considerably slower than before. Yan Xuehen’s explosive attack soon followed. Even though the Fiend Emperor’s cultivation was much higher than theirs, due to their excellent cooperation, his full-power attack didn’t work as he intended.

Of course, the three women were sent flying by the terrifying energy. The ki and blood within their bodies surged powerfully. Stopping a second attack would be impossible.

Fortunately, Zu An had already caught his breath. He pulled the three women back.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The Fiend Emperor sneered, calling out, “Do you all think you can escape?” He knew none of them were faster than him alone, let alone when all four were moving together.

The next second, however, his eyes almost popped out of their sockets. With a wave of Zu An’s hand, a golden war chariot suddenly appeared in front of him. He and the three women boarded, and it quickly flew through the air.

“Isn’t that our Golden Crow race’s Golden War Chariot?” the Fiend Emperor wondered. In that instant, he began to question life. Because he was nearing the end of his life, he had already given both the Golden War Chariot and the Sun Slaying Bow to his son.

Is it possible that my son let his war chariot get stolen by Zu An, but he didn’t dare to tell me?

However, he quickly shook his head. The carriage did look like the Golden Crow race’s war chariot, but upon closer inspection, it was different. The Golden War Chariot he had was pulled by six young dragons, while this war chariot had six fully mature dragons. It seemed to be at an even higher grade.

The chariot Zu An had materialized was actually the one he had seen Xi He using. Its grade was naturally a bit higher than the Fiend Emperor’s, so it was fast enough to prevent the Fiend Emperor from immediately catching up.

He thought, Now that the Fiend Emperor feels some apprehension, the gatling might not be able to injure him a second time.

Should I give him a taste of Dongfeng’s express delivery then?

Dongfeng lights up the skies with blossoming flowers and a thousand trees, then descends like a rain of stars!