Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1499: Crazy Taunting

“New Fiend Emperor?” the Second Empress replied, glowering. “There is only one Fiend Emperor in this world; where did this ‘new Fiend Emperor’ come from?!”

Even though she had already learned of the Fiend Emperor’s death from Zu An, her legitimacy and authority all came from the Fiend Emperor, so she was naturally unwilling to admit that he had died.

The soldiers of the various forces under their command were all a bit shaken up when they heard that the Fiend Emperor had already died. After all, the Fiend Emperor was the spiritual backbone of the Fiend races. Those normal soldiers only calmed down after hearing the Second Empress’ refutation. After all, regardless of which side they were on. all ordinary soldiers needed something to believe in.

The Crown Prince’s faction naturally supported the royal family. If other people were starting a rebellion, they had to follow the Crown Prince in quelling the disaster. Meanwhile, the Second Empress’ side believed that the Crown Prince was conspiring to do evil, so they had to deal with the matter for the Fiend Emperor and the Second Empress. Both sides believed they were standing on the side of righteousness. That was how they maintained morale.

Shi Zhentian said coldly, “Your highness, everything was going quite well for you. Once the morning court began tomorrow and the Crown Prince officially ascended to the throne, you would be respected as the Empress Dowager. But you just had to do what you absolutely should not have done, and got involved in some things you absolutely should not have gotten involved in.”

Even though his tone was absolutely ruthless, Shi Zhentian secretly observed the empress. He thought, This woman really is freaking beautiful!

She had been the glorious Second Empress whom no one dared to touch. But now that the late emperor had died and she had joined a rebellion, there was no way for her to serve as the Empress Dowager anymore. The Crown Prince wouldn’t tolerate her.

If he arrested her and took her back to the Lion race’s territory, wouldn’t he be able to enjoy the Fiend Emperor’s joy everyday? When he thought of that, he immediately felt some heat down there that could erupt at any moment.

The Lion race naturally had a high libido. Every single powerful lion had a huge harem. In their opinion, the stronger a man was, the more beautiful women they should possess. That was merely a matter of course.

Shi Min and the others sensed their father’s intentions. They felt that someone with a status as respectable as the Second Empress wasn’t someone they could even think about. Even the Medusa Queen was out of their reach. Apart from her incredible reputation, she could be someone the Crown Prince or another great figure would want.

There was also the Elf Princess who had almost become the Crown Princess. Even though that hadn’t ended up happening, who knew what kind of thoughts the Crown Prince had toward her? Who would dare touch someone like that?

Still, there were other women at Zu An’s side, especially the one that looked like a block of ice; subduing her would definitely bring them an incredible feeling of achievement.

There was also an incredibly beautiful woman who was full of killing intent. Could she be from the Cow race? She also gave off a proud and haughty air that really made one’s desires go crazy!

Furthermore, as soon as they thought about how each and every one of the women was at Zu An’s side, the princes all felt an even stronger urge to obtain those women. After all, they had suffered quite badly because of Zu An.

A loud laugh emerged from some distance away as someone called out, “Hahaha, why is it so lively here?”

Then, another group arrived in the area The one in the lead was tall and strong. His body was covered in colorful patterns, and there was a 王 character on his forehead. Just one look was enough to identify him as the Tiger King Hu Qianxiao.

Surprisingly, he didn’t have any Tiger race princes behind him; it was unknown what they were up to. However, the warriors around him all had fierce expressions and powerful auras. They were all strong cultivators.

“What are you doing here?” Shi Zhentian asked. He couldn't help but frown when he saw Hu Qianxiao. The two races had always hated each other, so they naturally didn’t like seeing the other side.

“What else? I was scared that you wouldn’t be able to properly protect the Imperial Palace, so I came to help you out,” Hu Qianxiao replied with a laugh. At the same time, he scanned the surroundings with his eyes. When he saw the Second Empress and the forces around her, he suddenly began to think to himself.

“What a joke! Does this king need your help?” Shi Zhentian sneered.

…

Suddenly, a loud noise came from the distance, accompanied by terrifying energy. Those present all turned toward the source of the sound. Many of them were shaken up. This was the energy of a battle between grandmasters, and it wasn’t just one or two!

The source of the noise seemed to come from the Second Prince’s manor. The Crown Prince and the Second Prince’s battle on that side must have reached its climax.

Hu Qianxiao frowned. The Crown Prince had led his men to ambush the Second Prince, and that sort of situation shouldn’t have been the case. How did the Second Prince’s side have such strong forces?

Zu An said just then, “Stop wasting our time. Either repent for the error of your ways and swear loyalty to the Second Empress and the youngest prince, or suffer execution. Stop blocking the way here.”

The Second Empress’ beautiful face contorted. Wasn’t this going way too far? Shi Zhentian and Hu Qianxiao were both grandmasters who had been famous for a long time. They were well known for their strength. Furthermore, the Lion race and Tiger race had so many powerful individuals. They didn’t have a good chance of victory if a fight really broke out.

Forget about her, even the Ocean races’ and Demon race’s people frowned. They thought, Why are we following someone so brainless this time? Did we make the wrong choice?

Chi Wen had a huge smile as he thought, Heh, this kid is courting death! The Lion and Tiger Kings should just kill him. That way, the Medusa Queen will end up grieving, and I’ll have a chance to get closer to her.

But that means we’ll be in danger too… I won’t be able to help the Second Empress become the ruler.

When he thought about how sad the Second Empress would become, Chi Wen hesitated.

Sigh, I’m good at everything, but I just have too much love for the world. I can’t bear to see women suffer.

Meanwhile, Qiao Xueying’s eyes shone as she looked at Zu An. She had absolute confidence in him. The two of them had even fought against such a terrifying being in the secret dungeon. Who cared about the Lion and Tiger Kings?

On the other side, Hu Qianxiao’s face darkened. Shi Zhentian was even more furious.

“How brazen!”

You have successfully trolled Shi Zhentian for +444 +444 +444…

You have successfully trolled Hu Qianxiao for +222 +222 +222…Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Shi Min and the other princes were full of curses. They hadn’t expected this at all! It was fine if Zu An treated them as his opponents, and yet he dared to provoke their father!

“Noisy!” Zu An harrumphed. His powerful voice spread in all directions, causing many of the soldiers on the walls to fall off. Even Shi Min and the others felt their energies stir. They were horrified.

Shi Zhentian’s expression changed. He exclaimed, “The Lion’s Roar Skill? When did you steal my clan’s Lion’s Roar Skill?!”

He was naturally able to tell that Zu An had used the Lion’s Roar skill to release his sound wave attack.

Zu An replied indifferently, “That shoddy method of yours? I learned it from just a glance.”

Off to the side, Yun Jianyue had a strange expression as she thought, This punk really is good at taunting others.

“This old one is going to kill you!” Shi Zhentian exclaimed, unable to hold himself back.

He leaped down from the palace gate and pounced toward Zu An, brandishing his fist as he approached. A giant golden lion projection appeared, roaring as it charged at Zu An. The difference in their sizes made it seem as if it could devour Zu An in a single bite.

It was the Lion race’s ultimate skill: Mad Lion’s Hegemon Fist!

However, Zu An didn’t move. A streak of sword energy that was as bright as snow suddenly appeared from the side, surrounded by fine snow. Yan Xuehen had used her Snowflake Sword! The sharp sword energy scattered the powerful golden lion.

Yun Jianyue was stunned. Isn’t this stone cold woman usually ice-cold to everyone? But she seems to care quite a bit about Zu An.

Still, with how energetic she is, it’s starting to make my value drop! We honorable grandmasters now seem as if we’ve become his bodyguards or something.

“Grandmaster rank!” Shi Zhentian spat, his eyes narrowing. He hadn’t expected this ice-cold woman to actually be a grandmaster! After all, he had seen these two fight at the All Races General Assembly. Even though the way they had fought was quite ingenious, their auras hadn’t even reached the level of master rank.

He didn’t have time to think more about it, though. A fight quickly broke out between the two of them.

Shi Min and the others looked at each other in dismay. They had mysteriously lost to the two women at the General Assembly. Back then, they had felt really ashamed, not knowing what happened. Now, it seemed their loss wasn’t so bad at all! Oddly, they felt a bit happier when they thought of that.

When the Second Empress saw that, she ordered her subordinates to attack the palace gates. They had to seize the chance to enter the Imperial Palace. She had trusted aides who would support her inside.

Chi Wen screamed as he charged at the forefront. Now that the grandmaster wasn’t fighting anymore, he, the powerful Dragon race prince, was naturally unstoppable. He wanted to show off as much as possible in front of the Second Empress. Who knows, she might even dream of me at night.

However, he discovered that a streak of moonlight moved even faster than him.

Huh?

Why did the moon suddenly appear in front of the palace gates?

Only then did he see a beautiful figure standing in front of him. The Crescent Ring in her hands smashed down on the palace gates. Even though the defensive formations flickered and held, a corner still collapsed.

Chi Wen was speechless. That guy Zu An’s women are all so strong! Is he not scared that if they stiffen up their legs, his thing might just break?

The Second Empress’ side immediately received a huge morale boost. The Xiao Clan’s private army took the lead and charged forth. Lei Xin and Wu Cheng exchanged a look. They had no way out now, so they could only lead the Golden Crow Guards under them and brace themselves. The Elf, Demon, and Ocean races’ people swiftly followed.

The impact of their simultaneous charge was too great. The Lion race’s defensive line was almost instantly broken through. Under the circumstances, it could just break apart entirely.

Hu Qianxiao cursed the Lion race for being useless. He couldn't just watch the scene continue. He quickly rushed forth to stop the valiant Yun Jianyue, thus barely stabilizing the situation.

Up in the air, Shi Zhentian had been fighting intensely; was shocked and angry when he saw the situation below. He roared at Zu An, “Weren’t you boasting arrogantly just now? Why don’t you come up if you have the skills? Is hiding behind women all you know how to do?!”

You have successfully trolled Shi Zhentian for +666 +666 +666…