Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1508: The Ignorant Are Fearless

The Second Prince was extremely satisfied with the situation. He had already known for a long, long time that the throne wouldn’t be his, but rather his big brother’s.

If it had only been because he was inferior in terms of ability and talent, that would be one thing, but he was clearly not lacking in those two areas, and perhaps he was even a bit better. Was it only because his mother wasn’t the empress that he couldn't become the emperor?

He hadn’t been able to accept that, but he had known that there was no chance of the Fiend Emperor passing on his position to him.

If you won’t give it to me, I’ll fight for it myself.

That was why, all those years ago, he had volunteered for the army to develop his strength. Because they often fought against the human side, which had the advantage, being in the military was actually extremely dangerous. The chances of dying were extremely high. Let alone the Crown Prince, even nobles with a bit of authority didn’t want their children to be a part of that.

Still, the Second Prince had persisted to the end, and had eventually become one of the Fiend races’ four great generals.

Even so, his father had never even given him a proper look and only treated him as a sharp blade for the Crown Prince in the future. Once the Crown Prince became the emperor, his role would be to help open up new territory.

The Second Prince had known all that, so he took the chance while he was in charge of the troops to aggressively rope in all kinds of strong individuals. Putting aside everything else, there were already four grandmasters on his side.

Even though Duantian Chou’s cultivation was high, he had been the easiest of the four to convince. The Dark Elves were mortal enemies of the Elf race, and the Elf race was currently one of the Fiend King Court’s three great clans. If the Elf race represented the government, the Dark Elves naturally represented the underworld.

If the Dark Elves wanted to change that perception, the only way was for the King Court to change, and for those in power to be replaced entirely. As such, they had easily hit it off.

Sixth Uncle hadn’t been too hard either. He cared about his lifespan, and had just entered the Committee of Elders. He hadn’t completely cast aside the secular world like those other old freaks. As such, by appealing to his desires, the Second Prince hadn’t had too hard a time recruiting him.

Heichi Suiya had suffered from difficulties in the past. Furthermore, the Second Prince’s first wife was from the Heichi Clan too. With that kind of relationship, it wasn’t too difficult for him to draw Heichi Suiya over.

However, the tricky part was that the reason why Heichi Suiya was hated by so many people was because he had to eat other creatures; they couldn't be ordinary creatures either, but rather ones with cultivation. Both humans and fiends were fine. If he went without eating someone, he would go berserk. Hewas someone who seemed impossible to raise.

Fortunately, the Second Prince had constantly been at war and thus had ways to get Heichi Suiya some ‘food’, such as human captives or soldiers who violated important rules. Sometimes, when he didn’t have enough, he had found some remote villages, pretending to be a human or monster to plunder them and wipe them out. The villagers were then used to fill Heichi Suiya’s belly.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Sir Fu had been the most troublesome. He was a notorious figure even among the Blood races. He had taken many disciples in the past, then enslaved them, in order to capture all kinds of powerful cultivators to absorb.

He had even set up a complicated system for that. The top three disciples would receive abundant rewards, and the ones in the middle wouldn’t be rewarded or punished, but the worst one among them would have all of their blood essence sucked dry. As a result, his disciples would work frantically, as no one wanted to become that unlucky last-place individual.

The struggle between the disciples had been extremely fierce. There were disciples who had thought about rebellion or escaping, but no one had succeeded. On the contrary, their ends were even more miserable, and they had lived lives worse than death.

Over the span of several decades, it was rumored that there was only a single disciple who had successfully escaped, someone named Mosquito Daoist. She had become an infamous monster in both the Fiend and human worlds. If a single disciple could be that strong, it was easy to see just how formidable the master was.

And yet, in the end, everything had turned against Sir Fu. His disciples finally couldn't take it anymore and had worked with Sir Fu’s enemies, successfully overthrowing his rule. The battle had been extremely bitter; almost all the disciples had died, while Sir Fu had only escaped with serious injuries.

The Second Prince had coincidentally been able to save him. Of course, he knew such a monster would never develop any sort of gratitude for that. As such, he had never treated it as a big deal, and instead opted to keep Sir Fu on his side through benefits.

In the past, Sir Fu had needed to rely on his slave disciples to find targets for bloodsucking, but afterward, he gained access to the vastly greater manpower and resources at the Second Prince’s disposal. Sir Fu was naturally happy to stay.

However, for the Second Prince, it had been extremely difficult to shelter Sir Fu, because his desire for blood wasn’t any lower than Heichi Suiya’s. Comparatively, at least Heichi Suiya ate anything, which meant the corpses would disappear without a trace. In contrast, Sir Fu only sucked blood and didn’t eat the flesh. The characteristics of those he sucked the blood out of were really obvious.

If such a thing were exposed, it would be really troublesome despite the Second Prince’s status. Not only had he needed to assign someone to secretly look for prey, he had to help clean things up after. It really was a special kind of suffering…

The four grandmasters were all formidable, but the price he’d needed to pay to recruit them was too great. Furthermore, they hadn’t dared to make any moves while the Fiend Emperor was still alive.

Sometimes, the Second Prince had even wondered whether he had invested too much. What was the point of gathering allies who didn’t dare to act against his father?

And yet, in the end, he concluded that the heavens must have pitied him, because his father had unexpectedly died in the secret dungeon. Only the self-important Crown Prince had been left. What else was there to say? He had to go for it!

Even so, he hadn’t let Heichi Suiya or Sir Fu make any moves, because the two devils were just too notorious and would easily bring about negative consequences.

However, the way things stood, there was nothing he could do. He hadn’t expected the other side to have three grandmasters! He knew that the longer he waited, the more variables would appear. As such, he had decisively brought the two out.

As for the consequences, as long as he became the Fiend Emperor, it wouldn’t matter. He wouldn’t necessarily even have to personally handle things; countless people would proactively help him solve such problems.

Sir Fu’s cultivation really was ridiculous. Even the Second Prince felt his blood start to stir despite being so far away. When he saw many of his own troops caught up in friendly fire, however, he remained expressionless. At the moment, the only thing he cared about was if the youngest prince could be captured. In order to achieve his objective, small sacrifices were tolerable. At worst, he would just offer the sacrificed soldiers’ families some compensation and they would feel deeply grateful.

Just then, Sir Fu quickly reached the Imperial Palace’s entrance. The Second Empress’ trusted aides and the Xiao Clan’s experts rushed out to stop him; however, with a mere wave of Sir Fu’s hands, those people exploded into a bloody mist, their bodies instantly sucked dry and turning into shriveled corpses.

The Elf race, Demon race, and Ocean races’ people all backed up in fear. In order to leave themselves a way out, they hadn’t sent any grandmaster-level forces over. As such, no one among them dared to have a direct confrontation against these kinds of terrifying devils.

The one who ran the fastest was Chi Wen. Even though he was enchanted by the Second Empress’ beauty, how could a beauty’s favorable opinion compare to his life? If he were sucked dry into a shriveled corpse, none of that would matter anymore!

Just like that, the only ones left were Zu An and the pale-faced Yu Yanluo.

“Ah Zu!” Qiao Xueying exclaimed, worried about the safety of her lover. Unfortunately, the Elf race expert behind her grabbed her firmly, not letting their princess throw her life away.

Sir Fu grabbed toward the youngest prince. A terrifying wave of absorption force spread outward. The Second Empress could only frantically use her cultivation to stop her blood from leaving her body. She wanted to protect her son, but there was nothing she could do.

Thankfully, Zu An was there! Quickly, he stood protectively in front of the youngest prince. When she saw that man’s calm demeanor, the Second Empress sighed a bit in relief.

However, her heart quickly rushed up to her throat from nervousness. Even though Zu An had shot down the grandmaster Shi Zhentian with a single arrow earlier, now, it seemed as if that had been due to the power of the divine weapon, the Sun Slaying Bow. The enemy was already so close that he had no opportunity to use the Sun Slaying Bow at all. Furthermore, how was he going to protect both the Medusa Queen and the young prince?

Sir Fu noticed that the young man was strangely calm. He sneered inwardly. 

The youngsters these days really aren’t capable of sound judgment. This old one has already dominated the world for so many years, but perhaps he doesn’t know of the terror I represent.

The ignorant really are fearless! Once this old one sucks away all of your cultivation, you’ll be scared out of your wits. Let’s see if you’ll still try to act cool then.

I hate these kinds of pretty boys. Back then, my most beloved disciple Mosquito Daoist was led astray by none other than such a pretty boy!

The pearl this old one spent so much effort nurturing ended up being fed to a pig!

You have successfully trolled Sir Fu for +999 +999 +999…

Zu An felt a bit strange when he saw the string of Rage points in the backend. 

I don’t think I’ve provoked him before! Why is he so angry at me?

However, the blood stirring within him didn’t allow for even a moment of hesitation. He immediately activated the ‘Ikuu Experience Card’!

Favorite