Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1659: Demonic Blade

Cries of alarm resounded from Golden Peak. Even though this wasn’t the first time, it was still very shocking to see.

Humans had always worshiped large things. That could be traced back to the mural paintings of ancient times.

Only Wan Guiyi had an ugly expression. This was the massive staff that had defeated him. Even though he had been injured at the time, a defeat was a defeat. He was really curious about how Peng Wuyan planned to face Wu Xiaofan’s terrifying rod.

Wu Xiaofan quickly made his move and sent the massive staff crashing down. Terrifying ki rippled in all directions. The tip of his weapon even caused the space around it to warp!

Qiu Honglei naturally didn’t dare to face the attack head-on. She quickly evaded to one side.

The power of the staff covered the entire stage with cracks.

Watchful Peak’s Elder Feng Wuchang wiped away cold sweat. Fortunately, he had asked the sect master to apply a seal on the whole place. Otherwise, the attack would have already crushed the stage to rubble!

When Wu Xiaofan saw Peng Wuyan evade, he swept his staff horizontally. It practically covered the entire stage with its massive figure, leaving the opponent with no room to evade at all.

Many spectators felt nervous. Wouldn’t they be turned into a bloody paste if they were struck by that massive staff? Even though this Peng Wuyan wasn’t that pretty and she was a bit too fierce, she didn’t deserve to die, right?

Suddenly, there were many cries of surprise. It turned out that with a twist of Peng Wuyan’s body, she had ended up standing on top of that large rod! She kicked off lightly with her toe tips, rushing viciously at Wu Xiaofan along the staff’s body.

“Wonderful!” Wan Guiyi exclaimed, crying out in admiration. As expected of the strong woman he favored! This ability to adapt really was exceptional.

Wu Xiaofan’s big stick was quite strong. Being able to change size was a huge strength, but it did have a disadvantage. It was more powerful the farther away it was, but when the enemy was close, it became harder to wield. If Peng Wuyan could get close, the big staff would immediately become half as effective. Quite a few others recognized that fact. It was now Righteous Sun Sect’s turn to feel nervous.

Even though Wu Xiaofan looked unfazed, his large staff suddenly shrank, becoming the size of a toothpick again.

Peng Wuyan was left with no footing and almost fell. Her opponent’s toothpick quickly transformed into a streak of light and rushed straight at her.

Clang!

She blocked the attack with her two blades. Meanwhile, Wu Xiaofan took the chance to make some distance between them again.

“This Wu Xiaofan indeed has some skills,” Heavenly Sorrow Sect’s Zhao Xiaodie said with a sigh of amazement. She had been wondering what he was going to do as Peng Wuyan had closed the distance. She hadn’t expected him to deal with it in such an effortless manner.

“He is indeed formidable. However, this Peng Wuyan seems to be stronger than I imagined her to be,” Zhi Yin said, frowning as he looked at Peng Wuyan. Why were the women of this tournament all so strong? He even wondered who was stronger between himself and this Peng woman.

Wu Xiaofan gave Qiu Honglei a vigilant look. Even though he had averted danger, he was actually quite nervous and didn’t dare to attack like that again. Instead, he brought the toothpick close to himself. Then, it changed into its large defensive staff form.

Qiu Honglei was a bit unhappy when she saw how he was acting. She remarked, “What is a grown man like you acting all passive for? Are you making a delicate girl attack first? That’s not what a real man should be like at all.”

“Delicate girl?”

The crowd immediately hissed in displeasure. Her viciousness had left all of them with a deep impression.

Zu An was a bit absent-minded. This woman really gave him a familiar feeling. That kind of tone was even more familiar.

…

On the stage, Wu Xiaofan remained unshaken, replying, “I am wounded, so I hope junior sister can understand.”

Qiu Honglei felt a bit helpless when she saw that he wouldn’t yield. Still, she couldn't just waste time like this. With a harrumph, she brandished her twin blades and attacked. Even though she was beautiful, as someone who had grown up in the Devil Sect, her combat style was naturally very fierce and direct.

The blades released a sharp and clear noise when they collided. Her presence immediately became more imposing, and the entire stage was covered by her power. Even the light around her seemed to become a bit distorted.

The various sects’ disciples were all shocked. The representative disciples couldn't help but sit at the edge of their seats. This woman seemed to have been holding back earlier!

The sect masters looked at her blades. They had looked completely ordinary at first, but now, they seemed to be a bit different!

Wu Xiaofan’s expression changed. He naturally didn’t dare to look down on her either. A large staff was difficult to maneuver, so he shrank it down to the size of Sun Wukong’s golden staff. Then, he swept it toward the ground, sending a chunk of the floor at his opponent. After that, he charged while swinging his staff, carrying with it a powerful momentum.

Feng Wuchang didn’t have time to feel heartbroken over the destruction of the stage. He was more concerned with the results of the battle. After all, Wu Xiaofan was from the Righteous Sun Sect!

“Wu Xiaofan is actually still able to bring forth such vigorous ki despite being seriously injured!” Lou Wucheng exclaimed as his eyes flickered brilliantly. He felt a sense of danger.

Perhaps he had been careless in his fight against Shi Dingtian, but whether it was Peng Wuyan or Wu Xiaofan, he felt he would most likely lose if he had to fight against them.

Qiu Honglei had a grave expression. Her blades intersected, forming a 乂-shaped blade of light that rushed at her opponent.

The floor of the stage had been reinforced by special formations, making it incredibly sturdy; despite that, before the cross-shaped blade of light, it was instantly cut into several pieces like a hot knife through butter. The blades of light didn’t stop, and crashed straight into Wu Xiaofan’s domineering staff.

A huge explosion resounded, and the entire stage rocked back and forth. The barrier around the stage flickered crazily. Meanwhile, the pieces of the floor that had been cut apart were blasted into dust by the impact’s power.

The spectators were all horrified. Was this really the level of power two disciples could produce? If not for the protection of the barriers, just the blast waves alone would have injured a large number of people.

…

Qiu Honglei turned into a streak of light, attacking from all directions as she moved around.

Meanwhile, Wu Xiaofan stood in place. The staff in his hands spun like the wind, always managing to deflect his opponent’s attacks.

As he watched them fight, Wan Guiyi was left in complete admiration. He had thought that Wu Xiaofan was only good at shamelessly using that huge staff as an absolute defense method, but now, he learned that Wu Xiaofan’s staff technique was actually quite profound.

What was even more surprising was the weight behind each strike of the staff; despite that, Wu Xiaofan was still able to use it so nimbly. Still, that didn’t come without a price. He basically didn’t move at all. It was clear that he couldn't use both the heavy staff and nimble movements.

Qiu Honglei naturally picked up on that. After another clash, her arms spread out to the sides as she retreated, resembling a 十 character.

Many disciples were confused. She had finally managed to close the distance, so why was she retreating again?

Wu Xiaofan also looked at her with confusion. Qiu Honglei smiled, and at that moment, her two daggers floated in front of her.

Then, two became four, four became eight… Soon after, the sky was covered with copies of the daggers. With a point of Qiu Honglei’s finger, those blades roared toward Wu Xiaofan.

“Isn’t this just a futile move? With that huge staff to protect him, what use are long-range attacks?” Heavenly Sorrow Sect’s ninth disciple Cai Yu couldn't help but mutter.

Zhi Yin harrumphed. “What do you understand? She’s just clashing with Wu Xiaofan to exhaust his ki in a war of attrition.”

Meanwhile, Wan Guiyi also nodded inwardly. As expected of the woman I favor. She noticed that Wu Xiaofan needs to consume ki to use his staff so quickly. He’s still wounded, so he might not be able to maintain it for long.

Sure enough, Wu Xiaofan frowned. However, he didn’t have any other choice. He could only enlarge his staff to block all of the flying daggers.

His figure trembled slightly as the ki inside of him stirred. However, he didn’t have time to worry about that. He looked toward the sky vigilantly, muttering, “Where did she go?”

A second later, he immediately had a bad feeling. Powerful killing intent surged from behind him.

“So that attack was just a pretense! But when did she get behind me?” Wu Xiaofan muttered, although he didn’t have time to think. He activated all his ki, completely unconcerned with appearances as he frantically dodged to the side.

Even so, although he avoided getting hit in a vital position, the opponent still managed to stab her dagger into his ribs.

“Ahhh!”

The Righteous Sun Sect’s people were all incredibly shocked. Even if one didn’t die, that kind of attack would leave serious injuries, right?

The other disciples had conflicted expressions. They hadn’t expected that the publicly acknowledged number one, Wu Xiaofan, would actually be defeated. Furthermore, he had lost to someone who was completely unknown before all of this.

However, Qiu Honglei didn’t look happy at all. She didn’t feel her blade stabbing into flesh; rather, it was as if it had struck something extremely tough.

Wu Xiaofan shouted, then brandished the large staff in his hands.

Even though Qiu Honglei did her best to evade, the weapon still brushed past her arm and half of her body went numb. She retreated roughly ten meters away and stared at Wu Xiaofan’s chest. As she had pulled out her dagger, his clothes had been ripped apart by the blade’s ki, revealing a yellow-green set of flexible armor.

“The Righteous Sun Sect’s Green Scale Armor!”

The sect masters all looked at Wang Wuxie in shock. They hadn’t expected him to give something so precious to his disciple.

The Green Scale Armor was a heaven-grade defensive artifact that could block the attack of heaven-grade weapons. To a certain degree, it could even reduce an immortal-grade weapon’s attacks. It was rumored to have previously been worn by Wang Wuxie himself!

Wu Xiaofan had been strong to begin with. However, with this set of armor, he was even more invincible. Like hell there was even a point in fighting anymore!

Wang Wuxie could see their dissatisfaction, so he was also a bit embarrassed. He said, “I didn’t give it to him before because I didn’t want him to depend on it. But since his injuries yesterday were a bit too serious and he wasn’t able to make a full recovery in such a short time, I gave it to him for protection.”

That made the others feel a bit more at ease. No wonder Wan Guiyi had been able to wound him yesterday… It seemed this Mister Wang still had some sense of shame.

With such serious injuries, giving Wu Xiaofan such a set of armor was understandable. Although, it was a pity for that Emptiness Isle woman. Her tactics were truly outstanding. Without the set of armor, Wu Xiaofan would already have lost.

They looked at Elder Peng from Emptiness Isle, waiting for her to vent her frustrations at Wang Wuxie. However, she remained completely calm. There was even a sneer on her lips.

Don’t tell me she still has more cards to show? they thought, shocked.

Wu Xiaofan said apologetically, “Wearing this set of precious armor has given me an unfair advantage. I hope that junior sister doesn’t take offense.”Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Qiu Honglei sneered and replied, “Who says you’ve won?”

Wu Xiaofan sighed and said, “Your attacks won’t be able to break through my defense.” Judging from their earlier exchange, he already had a rough idea of the upper limit of her attacks. With his strength and this armor protecting him, he was already in an invincible position.

Qiu Honglei didn’t reply. Her expression was grave. How could she possibly lose in this competition in front of those other women’s eyes?

She brought the blades in her hands together. The two daggers seemed to absorb each other, connecting to form an S-shaped curved blade. Then, a terrifying pressure emanated from them. At the same time, an overwhelming killing intent filled the air.

“This is…”

The sect masters’ expressions all changed.