Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1662: Like a Vacation Stroll

Zu An gave the black-clad Daji a look and replied, “Her? She changed her clothes by herself, of course.”

This wasn’t the first time Yan Xuehen had seen Daji. When she saw the voluminous gown wrapped around Daji, her expression immediately turned a bit suspicious.

Zu An suddenly realized what she was thinking. He burst into laughter and said, “Don’t worry. she only put on another layer outside her own clothes. Are you worried that she changed in front of me?”Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Yan Xuehen’s face heated up. She replied, “Whether she takes them off or not has nothing to do with me. Why would I be worried?”

Even though this wasn’t the first time she had met Daji, she still couldn't help but be amazed by the woman’s beauty. She was so beautiful, and yet she didn’t have a soul.

Zu An chuckled. He reached out his hand to grope Daji, but his hand was smacked away. He said, “See? We’re just master and servant. There’s nothing vulgar, despite what you were thinking.”

Yan Xuehen grinned, but she wasn’t willing to admit to anything. She said, “Lady Daji is so guarded against you even without a soul. Are you still not going to admit that you’re a lecher?”

Zu An was speechless. However, he didn’t get angry. He replied, “What did you call me? Why don’t you call me that again?” For some reason, when someone like her said that, it sounded strangely nice.

“Lech…” Yan Xuehen began, but halfway through, she realized something and harrumphed. Then, she changed the topic. “Do we need her to be with us this time?”

Zu An said seriously, “Yes. We’ll need her later. It’ll be hard to explain if she appears out of nowhere.”

Yan Xuehen knew that there would be others there later. This guy isn’t holding anything back and is even telling me about something so secret…

“Please don’t say anything once we start, to avoid your identity being exposed. I’ll take care of everything,” Zu An warned her.

“When have I ever spoken that much to anyone other than you to begin with?” Yan Xuehen instinctively replied. Then, she was stunned, and her cheeks heated up a bit.

Zu An smiled and said, “I almost forgot how cold you normally are. Let’s go.”

He took the lead and flew toward the city afterward. Watching his back recede into the distance, Yan Xuehen bit her lip and followed along.

…

Even though there were normally a lot of guards patrolling Yi City, the place wasn’t at war. With the pair’s cultivation, they didn’t end up alerting anyone. They quickly arrived at the secret rendezvous point.

Zhang Zitong and Xiao Jianren were already waiting there. They became vigilant and moved their hands to their blades, calling out, “Show yourself!”

Zu An raised his golden token and replied, “It’s me!”

“Sir Eleven!” All of them sighed in relief when they heard his familiar voice.

“These two are…?” Zhang Zitong asked, quickly noticing Yan Xuehen and Daji beside him. Even though they were masked and dressed in all-black stealth wear, those stunning eyes showed that they were definitely extraordinary beauties.

Her expression became a bit strange. What kind of a relationship did Sir Eleven have with them? Why had he brought them on such a dangerous mission?

Yan Xuehen directly ignored Xiao Jianren and the others. She looked at this woman and thought, This woman’s legs are so long.

This damn kid has beauties all around him, and even his subordinates are like this. As expected of a womanizer.

You have successfully trolled Yan Xuehen for +111 +111 +111…

“They are the helpers I’ve brought with me,” Zu An said. He was confused as to why Yan Xuehen had suddenly become angry, but he couldn't ask her about it now. He looked at the Silver Token Envoys and asked, “Has King Yan left his manor yet?”

Xiao Jianren replied, “I’ve been watching him all this time. He just left about a stick of incense’s time ago.”

Zu An nodded and replied, “Good!”

He then assigned them their missions. Zhang Zitong would follow him into the manor, while Xiao Jianren and the others would receive them outside just in case, as well as alert them if King Yan returned ahead of time.

Xiao Jianren was a bit jealous that he was being left out. However, this mission wasn’t one in which the more people there were, the better it was. Besides, he wasn’t particularly skilled in cultivation. If he joined the infiltration of such a tiger’s den, he would most likely be a hindrance. As such, he quickly calmed down and said, “Understood. Sir Eleven and Lady Zhang, please be careful!”

Zhang Zitong nodded. She had already changed into stealth wear as well. She followed Zu An to the manor’s surrounding area. When she looked at the patrolling servants, she lowered her voice and said, “The security outside the manor is extremely professional and strict. Even with my observations of the patrol and my experience inside last time, I barely managed to grasp a pattern. But there are some areas I’m still not sure of. You should follow… huh?”

She saw that their group had already jumped in before she could even finish her sentence. “Don’t do anything reckless!” she hissed as she quickly followed along. Soon, however, she was completely stunned.

The ice-cold woman walked at the very forefront, moving as if this were her own home. Guards patrolled around them from time to time, but didn’t run into them a single time.

When he saw Zhang Zitong’s shocked look, Zu An thought to himself, Yan Xuehen is a glorious grandmaster who can cover this entire place with her divine sense. The layout of this entire king manor is bright and clear to her.

Zhang Zitong didn’t understand. She thought to herself, Just some random friend of Sir Eleven is so formidable… Sir Eleven really is unfathomable!

…

Under Yan Xuehen’s lead, the group quickly arrived near the study. Although it was called that, it was actually a large courtyard surrounded by a wall. The infrastructure inside was beautiful and exquisite. Everything had clearly been designed with utmost care.

There was an older-style building at the very center that vaguely exuded a mysterious pressure. That was clearly where King Yan spent most of his time. His grandmaster pressure had already accumulated there after a long time.

There were guards outside, with even tighter security around the courtyard and main entrance. There were many layers of guards guarding both positions, making it impossible to escape their detection.

Zhang Zitong said nervously, “Those guards in front are all sentries that don’t move. There are also hidden guards watching. There are no gaps in their coverage, so there’s no way for us to sneak in.”

Sir Eleven hadn’t told her how they were going to deal with this problem, so she was full of worries.

Zu An nodded toward Daji. She nodded slightly, then slowly walked in.

Zhang Zitong widened her eyes. She reflexively wanted to pull Daji back, but couldn’t reach her. She nervously asked Zu An, “Sir Eleven, what is she doing? She’ll be found out!”

“The plan is for her to be found out,” Zu An said with a smile.

Zhang Zitong was stunned when she heard the reply. She really couldn't figure out what he meant.

“Who is it?!” the guards exclaimed as they noticed Daji. They all surrounded her.

However, Daji didn’t say anything as she slowly undid her veil. The guards were shocked at first by her extraordinary beauty, but then they remembered their duty. They were about to draw their blades when they saw a strange light emerge from her eyes. Their movements stopped. Then, a confused and lost expression appeared in their eyes, and they seemed to be entranced.

“What is going on?” Zhang Zitong was completely stunned. This mysterious woman hadn’t done anything apart from removing her veil. Why had they become like this? Now, even she wanted to see what this woman looked like. How could she have such a ridiculous amount of charm?

Zu An nodded in admiration. As Daji’s strength rose, her Voice of the Devil also increased in grade. Her skill could now be used on many people at once. On top of that, she was already at the seventh rank. No matter how elite King Yan’s soldiers were, there was no way he would be so extravagant as to use seventh rank or higher experts to watch the entrance. The guards thus immediately fell for her skills. Fortunately, there weren’t many guards in the courtyard. If there had been more, Daji’s skill wouldn’t necessarily have been effective.

Zu An walked in confidently and leisurely while gesturing for Yan Xuehen and Zhang Zitong to follow along.

At first, Zhang Zitong was a bit nervous because the guards’ eyes were still open. However, there was no reaction in their eyes as the group passed at all. Forget about her, even Yan Xuehen was a bit shocked. Daji’s skill really was a bit too horrifying.

Fortunately, Zu An could still be considered good-natured. Otherwise, if he wanted to commit evil, he would be far scarier than those great demons of the Devil Sect.

…

The group quickly stopped in front of the study’s entrance. Zhang Zitong was a bit alarmed. She had thought that this was going to be a tiger’s den, but how was it that under Sir Eleven’s lead, this all felt like a vacation stroll?

She shook her head and did her best to snap out of her daze. She pointed at a faintly discernible light blue formation on the window and said, “This is a formation created by a runemaster after King Yan spent a tremendous amount of money. Using force to break through it would easily alarm everyone here. Even King Yan himself would notice something.”

She secretly looked at Daji while speaking, but unfortunately, Daji’s veil was already back on. Zhang Zitong couldn't see what she really looked like at all.

Zu An didn’t have to say anything. Yan Xuehen walked over and made some hand seals. Daoist symbols appeared around her slender jade-like fingers, and with a gentle tap on the door, blue began shining. The entire formation appeared in front of her.

Zhang Zitong was startled, thinking that they had tripped some kind of alarm. She quickly grabbed her weapon in preparation of an attack, but everything remained calm. Nothing happened. She only saw Yan Xuehen standing in front of the entrance while carefully examining the formation runes on the door.

After some time, Yan Xuehen suddenly moved. A translucent, cold rune appeared between her fingers again. Then, a complicated and mysterious imprint appeared. Several snow-white, translucent formations spun around her body.

Zhang Zitong’s mouth hung open. To her, the entire process carried a sort of quiet and elegant beauty. Even though the mysterious woman was dressed all in black, she was like a goddess above the clouds. Zhang Zitong really didn’t know where Sir Eleven had found someone this formidable.

Suddenly, Yan Xuehen pointed toward the formation in front of her, and the magic rune entered it. The formation around her also spun rapidly, and the blue formation around the door turned white.

Ka-cha!

Finally, the door slowly opened.

Zu An gave Yan Xuehen a big thumbs up, and entered the room first. He swept his divine sense outward, and immediately frowned. He sensed a great deal of killing intent inside.