Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1686: Ambush

At the Pure Yang Palace, after waiting until nightfall, Wang Wuxie got up from his meditation. He walked outside, his steps seeming especially light and carefree. However, he returned soon after to check and sort out his appearance in front of the copper mirror. When he saw his handsome appearance in the mirror, he nodded in satisfaction. Then, he walked out in large strides.

The letter he had received from the White Jade Sect disciple during the day said that Yan Xuehen would meet him tonight at midnight, at a certain location.

At the time, he had been muddle-headed, and only told the disciple that he definitely wouldn’t disappoint Sect Master Yan. That was mainly because he didn’t want others to know about their private meeting. Otherwise, if news got out, it would harm Yan Xuehen’s reputation.

Even though he was really confused as to why Yan Xuehen would make such an arrangement, that was a letter sent by a White Jade Sect disciple. Furthermore, it was Yan Xuehen’s own handwriting, so there was no way it could be falsified.

Maybe Yan Xuehen has started to feel a bit lonely after being alone for so long, and after coming to Violet Mountain, she realized that among all of her pursuers, I’m the one she feels closest to. So, she…

When he thought of that, Wang Wuxie’s mood immediately improved. He couldn't help but grin. He stopped in a remote gazebo near Watchful Heart Peak and thought, Yan Xuehen really did spend a lot of time choosing a proper location!

This kind of quiet and peaceful place wasn’t known even to many Righteous Sun Sect disciples. However, it certainly matched Yan Xuehen’s personality, as she preferred peace and quiet. She definitely didn’t want their conversation to be seen by someone else.

Wang Wuxie saw a white-clad figure seated next to the gazebo. Even though it was just the outline of her back, the faint glimmering moonlight was enough to perfectly reveal her fair and graceful figure. Even though Wang Wuxie had always focused on training his emotions and mind, he seemed to become just as nervous as he had been when he was just a young man again.

Why did she arrange a meeting with me in the middle of the night? Does she want to discuss Peng Wuyan’s disappearance, or… Does she have something else she wants to say to me?

If it’s the former, there’s no need to be so secretive, but if it’s the latter…

When he thought about how what he had dreamed about day and night could finally occur tonight, he felt as if every single cell in his body were cheering.

After Wang Wuxie sorted out his clothes again, he walked over and softly called out to her, “Xuehen, I’m here.” He didn’t dare to speak too loudly for fear that someone else would hear, which would be rude to such a beauty.

However, the figure didn’t respond. Wang Wuxie was stunned. He thought to himself, Could it be that my voice was too soft? As such, he raised his voice a bit, but she ignored him again. Only her dress fluttered gently in the evening wind.

“Could it be that she fell asleep?” Wang Wuxie muttered, thinking that perhaps she had waited here for too long and was a bit upset, so she ignored him.

Sigh, I should have come here earlier. How could I actually have had Xuehen wait for me here? She really shouldn’t have, he thought.

Thus, he apologized while walking closer, but there was still no reaction. He was now a bit confused and called out, “Xuehen?”

He instinctively reached his hand toward her shoulder out of concern that something might have happened to her. However, his expression suddenly changed and he quickly moved backward.

Even so, he was still a bit too late. The white daoist figure suddenly exploded, leaving burn marks on his hand. More importantly, a puff of white smoke emerged, and he accidentally inhaled a bit of it. He soon felt a bit dizzy.

This is bad! I’ve been poisoned!

In that instant, a dazzling sword slashed toward him from one time. If Lou Wucheng were present, he would have immediately felt ashamed of his inferiority, thinking that the sword he had displayed before was shameful in comparison.

A white palace appeared in the night sky. It was different from the blurry palace displayed by Lou Wucheng. Every single brick of the palace, every single tile, and even the exquisite designs were fully visible. It gave off the proud and overwhelming air of an immortal, as if it would forever be above others, something others could never question.

This was the true Eternal Sword!

It was rumored that the enemies who had died beneath this sword even had peaceful smiles on their faces after being killed by it. It was as if they felt joy from witnessing power at the immortal level, or they had received an award from an immortal.

When Wang Wuxie saw the mysterious intent attacking him, he seemed almost to see a glimmer of hope in the pursuit of immortality. As long as he reached out his hands and embraced that power, perhaps he could even awaken the enlightenment of immortality. Still, as one of the leaders of the nine daoist sects, he was an exceptional person in his own right. He quickly snapped out of his daze and realized that this was the dao Li Changsheng pursued.

I, Wang Wuxie, will use my own dao to reach immortality. How can I borrow the dao of another to ascend to immortality?

His body erupted powerfully with violet ki. A projection of a violet mountain vaguely manifested around him and clashed with the immortal palace. An enormous explosion resounded. The nearby gazebo was instantly blasted to pieces, destroying all the plants in the area.

Wang Wuxie used the recoil of the explosion to fly far away. Even though he didn’t fear Li Changsheng, this was definitely a part of a great scheme. Li Changsheng definitely wouldn’t be alone.

Sure enough, as he withdrew, two streaks of golden light chased after him like comets. They carried terrifying strength, as if they could blast apart an entire mountain peak.

“Heavenly Sorrow Sect’s Twin Vajra Armbands!” Wang Wuxie muttered, shivering. Guan Chouhai was here too! His expression turned grave. His sleeves lengthened and stretched outward, suddenly becoming as large as flags. A mysterious, gentle force sent the Twin Vajra Armbands flying back.

Just then, a figure leapt out from the rear of the area. He extended his arms, and the armbands returned to them once more. Then, they flew out to attack again.

Among the nine daoist sects, the earth element cultivator Guan Chouhai’s blows were incredibly heavy; not even Wang Wuxie dared to face them directly. His palms shone with violet ki that suddenly divided into two different colors, one black, one white. They formed a great taiji diagram of yin and yang and struck at Guan Chouhai’s waist. The power of absolute annihilation gathered around the taiji diagram; the attack was intended to kill!

Even though Wang Wuxie tried to maintain a calm and refined demeanor, he was definitely not excessively pedantic and inflexible. There was no way he would hold back in this kind of situation at all.

Guan Chouhai was surprised, as Wang Wuxie’s movement skill was too strange. He couldn't react in time and the attack slammed into him. However, he didn’t explode or die on the spot. Instead, he stomped on the ground. His body trembled strangely, and a similar taiji diagram was sent right back at Wang Wuxie.

“Constellation Reversal!” Wang Wuxie muttered, shivering. He hadn’t expected Guan Chouhai to have mastered that legendary earth element skill! This skill was able to borrow the abundant power of the earth to neutralize and send an attack right back.

He didn’t dare to waste any time on defense. Instead, he took the chance to fly in the other direction. As long as he managed to get out of the trap, as the Righteous Sun Sect’s Sect Master, this was his terrain. He would then have the ability to counterattack.

However, not long after, several streaks of sword lights flew in his direction. They formed an intricate sword formation that looked as if it could dice up anything into mincemeat.

Wang Wuxie’s expression turned extremely serious. He didn’t dodge and simply stretched his palm out. A palm projection made of surging violet ki passed through the sword formation, moving to grab the one controlling it.

That person didn’t expect Wang Wuxie’s move to be so profound. When the palm was about to reach his neck, a streak of lightning flickered. He instantly vanished from his original location, reappearing on a tree several dozen zhang away. He still felt lingering fear as he looked at Wang Wuxie.Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

“Lightning Flash? Xuan Bajing, I didn’t expect you to have secretly come too,” Wang Wuxie said as he looked at the one on the tree. At that moment, his heart really hit rock bottom.

Xuan Bajing was the Kunlun Void Sect’s Sect Master. This time, the Kunlun Void Sect delegation had been led by elders, so Wang Wuxie hadn’t even considered that Xuan Bajing would secretly arrange an ambush here.

The eight swords flying through the air all returned to Xuan Bajing. They entered their scabbards on his back like peacock feathers.

“As expected of Wang Wuxie. Even with the three of us working together, we only managed to inflict some light injuries on you, while you managed to hurt us,” Xuan Bajing said with a sigh.

Wang Wuxie couldn't even bring himself to feel happy. Even though he had managed to fend off those attacks rather well, he had still lost his chance to escape. Li Changsheng and Guan Chouhai were already closing in. He could already tell that he was surrounded.

He couldn't help but glower at Li Changsheng. He spat, “It’s always been said that the Immortal Sword is the sword skill closest to an immortal's. It should be incredibly pure and noble, and yet you’ve used it to do something so despicable! It isn’t worthy of its name at all!”

How could he still not realize what was going on? All of this had been a setup. A White Jade Sect disciple had contacted him, even using Yan Xuehen’s handwriting to trick him… who else could do that but Li Changsheng?