Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1699: Dance of Ice and Snow

Whenever Chu Chuyan attacked with her sword, snowflakes flew. A giant snowflake projection even condensed around the tip of her sword. Meanwhile, Qiu Honglei’s blades flowed with divine radiance like two crescent moons.

The snowflake clashed with the curved blades. The snowflake projection was shattered, but the ice turned into finer snowflakes that swept toward Qiu Honglei like a ruthless blizzard. Every single snowflake in the blizzard contained incredibly sharp sword ki, and they were everywhere, making it impossible to properly defend against. They could dice living things into mincemeat.

Many of those with higher cultivations could recognize the danger behind the move. They thought, Chu Chuyan really is a genius among geniuses! She was already able to cultivate the Snowflake Sword to such a miraculous level at such a young age!

However, the usually calm and composed Fairy Chu’s sudden display of ferocity left them a bit surprised. They all thought that it was because of her hatred for evil ways. They felt that she really was their role model.

Qiu Honglei’s entire body erupted with brilliance. Whenever the snowflakes entered the light around her, they disappeared like snow on a torch. After a momentary clash, the two of them separated again.

Many daoist sect disciples sighed in amazement at the Devil Sect witch’s formidable strength. She had actually managed to neutralize Fairy Chu’s killing move in such a de-emphasized manner. However, after thinking about it, they realized she was the Peng Wuyan they had previously seen. It would be stranger if she wasn’t strong. On the contrary, the one they had to wonder about was Chu Chuyan.

Only Wu Xiaofan, Wan Guiyi, and the other representative disciples knew just how terrifying the Snowflake Sword was. The wave of cold that swept out after it scattered even made them shiver. Chu Chuyan’s cultivation was much higher than they had imagined. When they thought about how competitive they had been earlier, only to find mountains towering over them one after another, they suddenly felt ignorant and narrow-minded.

Xie Daoyun watched the battlefield carefully, as if she was scared of missing any detail. However, she quickly discovered with frustration that even though their battle hadn’t lasted for that long, it was enough for her to understand just how wide the difference was between herself and them. If she fought against either one of them, her chances of victory would be extremely small. That was, unless she had the time to set up a formation beforehand. Then, she could have a chance.

…

Qiu Honglei made her move again. With a wave of her hand, a ball of light shot rapidly at Chu Chuyan.

Wu Xiaofan, Shi Dingtian, Liang Ling, and the others’ expressions changed. This was the move they had suffered from earlier. Even though the attack looked simple, it was really difficult to deal with because of its variable speed.

Surprisingly, Chu Chuyan didn’t dodge. Instead, she blew a light stream of air. A streak of cold energy condensed a piece of ice in front of her. When the ball of light hit the ice, it was reflected right back.

Now, it was Qiu Honglei who was in a difficult position. After realizing that her attack had been countered, she naturally couldn’t continue using it.

The spectators’s eyes widened in disbelief. Even some sect master-level figures were filled with shock. This Chu Chuyan really is exceptionally talented! She actually mastered the Snowflake Sword to this extent? We never even thought about using cold ki that way.Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Yun Jianyue gave Zu An a strange look. She thought, Is this kid not scared of getting frozen solid if the girl’s mouth is that cold?

…

Qiu Honglei rushed at Chu Chuyan with a shout. The short blades in her hand turned into moonlight. Then, a vague projection of the moon appeared behind her. Beneath the moonlight, her strike seemed impossible to dodge.

Wu Xiaofan and the others had grave expressions. It seemed they had still underestimated this ‘Peng Wuyan’. They felt as if their very souls were trembling.

Guan Chouhai and the others from the older generation understood the reason for that. They hadn’t expected these two juniors to have already reached the threshold of producing their own domains! It seemed that breaking through to the grandmaster rank was only a matter of time for them. Their cultivation talent really was ridiculously great!

Qiu Honglei moved with such extreme speed that the weaker spectators could only see faint afterimages. Many disciples sighed in astonishment. Qiu Honglei was actually thirty percent faster than when she had fought against Wu Xiaofan before! They all felt a bit worried for Chu Chuyan.

The little monk Jie Se asked Master Jian Huang, “Master, are light element cultivators the fastest in this world?”

Master Jian Huang replied, “No element is stronger or weaker than another, but there are differences between proficiencies. There are also wind element cultivators who are particularly fast. There are some fire element experts whose speed is not inferior either. In the end, it depends on the difference between the cultivators themselves. If you can comprehend the laws and principles of space, even speed itself becomes meaningless.”

The little monk Jie Se’s expression was full of admiration. “Since master understands so much, you’ve definitely comprehended the principles of space, right?”

Master Jian Huang gave him a glance, then ignored him.

…

Qiu Honglei’s attacks were like lightning. They carved deep grooves into the ground, and even some of the spectators were affected. Fortunately, the elders present quickly protected them.

Chu Chuyan was slowly pushed back. Whenever she took a step, it left an ice flower tainted with blood. Qiu Honglei unleashed a flurry of skills, shattering the flowers one after another.

The Heavenly Sorrow Sect’s Zhao Xiaodie couldn't help but say with a sigh, “It seems this Chu Chuyan isn’t a match for that witch...”

She came from a noble family and had an outstanding appearance. She was supposed to gather people’s adoration. And yet, in the daoist sects, Chu Chuyan had been above her, whether in terms of appearance or ability. People had always gathered around Chu Chuyan and called her a fairy, so it was difficult for Zhao Xiaodie to not feel jealous. Furthermore, from what she had heard before, Chu Chuyan even seemed to be that Zu guy’s wife.

As such, she was a bit excited to see Chu Chuyan at a disadvantage. However, when she thought about how this was related to the prestige of the daoist sects, and that they would lose all face if Qiu Honglei won, she felt rather conflicted.

Zhi Yin shook her head slightly and said, “That may not be the case. Fairy Chu is probably not consuming too much ki by leaving behind these snowflakes.”

Even though he had been defeated in the group stage, he was still one of the disciples with the greatest talent among the daoist sects. He could still notice such details.

Sure enough, as Chu Chuyan backed up further, Qiu Honglei’s advance also seemed to be a bit slower than before. Even though it wasn’t that clear, in the eyes of experts, the slight decrease in speed was already enough for many things to change. Qiu Honglei also realized that the situation wasn’t to her benefit, and intended to break free from the situation.

How could Chu Chuyan give her that chance, though? The longsword in her hand flew around, covering everything within fifty meters in frost. It was as if several days of snowfall happened in an instant. She turned into snow-white shadows that surrounded Qiu Honglei and attacked her.

Wu Xiaofan, Wan Guiyi, and the others began breathing quickly. The figures weren’t afterimages left by Chu Chuyan’s speed; rather, they were more like her clones. Every single one looked just like Chu Chuyan herself, but they didn’t have any facial details. However, when the others looked at the clones, they felt as if they were looking at the real Chuyan. They actually couldn't figure out the principles behind the attack! That was why they were extremely shocked.

Chu Chuyan’s attack didn’t carry the slightest hint of vulgarity. Rather, it looked almost as if she were dancing. It really was beautiful.

However, Qiu Honglei recognized the danger behind the beautiful display. She tried to dodge, but her feet seemed to have sunk into ice and snow. Cold ki crept up her calves. Even though she used her ki to disperse the ki, the slight delay was enough for several white figures to arrive in front of her. Her path of escape was cut off.

It was as if, in the next second, ten thousand swords would pierce her heart.

…

Guan Chouhai and the other sect masters couldn't help but give Yan Xuehen a look. They thought to themselves, Only someone like her could produce such an outstanding disciple!

However, the White Jade Sect’s Li Changsheng had already produced quite the outstanding disciple in Lou Wucheng. Seeing as Chu Chuyan was above him as well, could it be that the daoist sects would be ruled by the White Jade Sect in the future?

In the nine sects, it seemed that only Jadefall Palace, which had two representative-level disciples in Wan Guiyi and Pei Mianman, could compare with them.