Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1725: Besiege

Li Changsheng and the others were extremely shocked. They hadn’t expected Master Jian Huang to keep this secret so well.

Was he actually also an earth immortal?

They quickly gave up on that thought, because they didn’t sense the pressure unique to an earth immortal. They were all sect masters, so they quickly understood the natural laws behind the skill. This was probably a secret method of Master Jian Huang’s sect, or perhaps he was borrowing the power of a divine weapon that allowed him to temporarily produce a buddha projection similar to a primordial spirit. It could temporarily fight at the level of an earth immortal.

However, when they saw Master Jian Huang’s deathly pale expression, they realized that the skill definitely came with serious consequences. Furthermore, it only meant he had the right to join the fight; the projection’s real power still wasn’t comparable to that of a true earth immortal.

Sure enough, the buddha projection was powerful compared to them, but when it clashed with Zhao Han’s primordial spirit, it staggered just from a single exchange. It trembled all over and almost broke down on the spot.

Fortunately, King Qi rushed in promptly as the main force to stop Zhao Han. Then, he was barely able to stabilize the situation a bit with the help of the buddha projection. The two sides turned out to be evenly matched above the clouds. It was hard to say which side would win.

Below, Li Changsheng and the others were startled. They all looked toward Zhao Han’s flesh body at the center. Even though they weren’t earth immortals, they were still daoist sect masters with a lot of powerful skills and resources. They knew that the body was extremely weak once the primordial spirit left. If the flesh body was destroyed, as long as one wasn’t a true immortal, the primordial spirit would also dissipate no matter how powerful it was.

Of course, normally, an earth immortal wouldn’t fear such a thing. After all, once the primordial spirit appeared, it would be unstoppable. Their enemies wouldn’t even have a chance to approach their body.

However, things were different now. Zhao Han’s primordial spirit was fighting in the clouds above and was held up by both King Qi and Master Jian Huang. The Imperial Guards and Embroidered Envoys were preoccupied. Zhuxie Chixin and Eunuch Wen had both died too, so no one was protecting his body.

When he realized that, Li Changsheng couldn’t hold himself back anymore. He turned into a streak of light and rushed straight at Zhao Han’s body. The Immortal Sword in his hands produced countless sword shadows, almost instantly arriving next to Zhao Han. The body of an earth immortal was sturdy, but he had confidence that without the primordial spirit, no matter how sturdy it was, it wouldn’t be able to stop his Immortal Sword.

When his sword was about to pierce through the center of Zhao Han’s forehead, however, Zhao Han’s closed eyes suddenly opened. He stared at Li Changsheng with a sharp gaze.

Li Changsheng shivered. He didn’t have time to think about why Zhao Han still had consciousness even though his primordial spirit was fighting above. His first reaction was to quickly evade while using his most powerful skill. Defensive formations appeared one after another before him.

However, it was still too late. Zhao Han raised his fingers and accurately stopped him, clamping down on the real sword’s body. Then, his other hand pressed forward gently. The defense formations were like tofu as they broke down layer by layer. In the end, his finger struck Li Changsheng’s chest.

Li Changsheng immediately felt as if he had been struck by lightning. His body flew out into the distance in an arc, before crashing to the ground a dozen or so meters away.

Xuan Bajing and Guan Chouhai, who had had a similar idea, immediately stopped moving. Then, they quickly pulled back, cold sweat running down their backs. If they had been the ones at the forefront, they would have ended up just like Li Changsheng. When they thought of the emperor’s power, the two grandmasters, who were normally arrogant and self-important, felt a wave of despair. They couldn't help but continue to withdraw. They even had thoughts of retreating and giving up. After all, while Zhao Han was being held off by King Qi and Master Jian Huang, they could run away first. Then, at least they’d be able to keep their lives.

Just then, Li Changsheng supported himself with both hands and propped up his upper body while trembling. There was a strand of blood at the corner of his lips. He was deathly pale, but he didn’t have the luxury of worrying about that. He roared with all of his might, “His body is only being controlled by a yin soul right now, it doesn’t have his original strength! Don’t be scared, everyone!”

The master rank was divided into five stages: The hero, essence, core, power, and air mortal forms. Above that was the wisdom form; upon attaining that level, one would become a grandmaster. The next cultivation realm after that was the ascension form. At that stage, one would produce a yin soul. This yin soul was still rather weak and can only leave the body for a short while. Furthermore, it feared the sun.

Once one cultivated the first of the three immortal souls, the life soul, the yin soul would become powerful and no longer fear the sun. It could attach itself to an object, making it so that one could use a flying sword to behead someone a thousand miles away. However, the yin soul didn’t have a real form, nor could it interact with the physical world. It needed to borrow another person or object to interact with the world.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Eventually, once one cultivated the earth soul, one would produce a yang soul that was entirely different from a yin soul. The yang soul had a physical form, and it was not much different from a real person.

Above that came the cultivation of the heaven soul. Higher even than that was the primordial spirit. Just now, Zhao Han had revealed none other his primordial spirit.

Meanwhile, these grandmasters were all top-tier figures with their own pride in the world of warriors. They naturally all cultivated a yin soul. If Zhao Han only had a yin soul in his body, they wouldn’t fear it at all.

Guan Chouhai and Xuan Bajing were stunned when they heard that. If it was just the yin soul, even though the emperor could rely on his earth immortal body and inner ki, making him much stronger than normal yin soul grandmasters, it wasn’t to the point that it was impossible to win.

However, they didn’t easily trust those words. They were worried that Li Changsheng was only saying so because he was scared that he wouldn’t be able to get away after being seriously injured, and couldn't bear to see them run away. He could only be saying such a thing to deceive them into vainly throwing their lives away.

When Li Changsheng saw their gazes wander around, he immediately guessed what they were thinking. He yelled, “Come on! Think with your damn heads! If he had been at his full strength, how could I still be alive after taking a hit from him?”

Guan Chouhai and Xuan Bajing exchanged a look. They both agreed with that reasoning. After all, at this point, there was no way Zhao Han would hold back.

But Xuan Bajing still had his misgivings. He said, “But… He still has a yang soul.”

The symbol of an earth immortal was the cultivation of a yang soul. Furthermore, what had leaped into the skies earlier was clearly an even more powerful primordial spirit. If there was still a yang soul inside Zhao Han that hadn’t left, they would really just be throwing their lives away for nothing.

Li Changsheng frowned and said, “For some reason, just now, I couldn't feel the existence of his yang soul. It’s probably because King Qi and Master Jian Huang are keeping it preoccupied, so it can't tend to two duties.”

If Zu An were present, he would have immediately realized that in Westhound Tomb, he had killed that very yang soul. These people didn’t know the whole story and could only suspect that King Qi and the others were holding it up. After all, King Qi was also an earth immortal. Now that he was fighting at full strength, Zhao Han couldn't even keep a yang soul inside his flesh body. Furthermore, together with that buddha projection Master Jian Huang had created, Zhao Han’s attention had to all be focused there.

Li Changsheng continued, “I was in too much of a hurry and didn't understand those things yet. I didn’t have enough confidence. If I had clashed against him directly, I wouldn’t have lost so quickly. You all still have a chance!”

When he saw that they were still hesitating, he continued furiously, “What kind of situation are we already in?! And yet all of you are still acting afraid of the slightest thing? If we lose, you’ll all die miserably, so why not just go all out?!”

Guan Chouhai and Xuan Bajing were both outstanding individuals from their generation. After their initial alarm, they recovered their reason. They knew that there was a chance to escape, but that meant they would end up constantly fleeing from the court like rats. Whether it was the Heavenly Sorrow Sect or Kunlun Void Sect, they would definitely be finished for sure. Both grandmasters would end up being condemned by their sects for all of history.

This was their only chance to defeat Zhao Han!

As such, they exchanged a look, and both of them attacked Zhao Han. Guan Chouhai released countless armbands from his hands, aiming straight at Zhao Han’s head. Xuan Bajing sent out his eight swords to strike at Zhao Han’s various vitals.

Zhao Han’s expression grew cold. He produced two figures to face both attacks.

Guan Chouhai and Xuan Bajing’s eyes suddenly narrowed, because they discovered that the two figures were identical clones of themselves! What was even more shocking was that these figures actually carried similar weapons. One had a set of vajra armbands, while the other had eight swords flying around it.