Chapter 1735: Caught Up in Disaster

Zhao Han knew this was no small matter. If he were to be banished to an unknown place in the void, even someone of his cultivation rank would have no choice but to just wait for death. As such, he didn’t hold back in his attacks at all. His entire body transformed into a giant golden-armored divine general. The giant buddha Master Jian Huang created had been imposing, but in comparison, it was like an infant.

Such a large manifestation was something not even the mountain defense formation could hide. The officials halfway up the mountain were all incredibly moved. They all kneeled down and loudly shouted ‘Long live the emperor!’

In contrast, King Qi’s officials all paled when they saw what was happening. Even though King Qi hadn’t told them about the plan, the smarter ones were able to guess the truth. Now that the emperor had shown such power, didn’t it signify King Qi’s inevitable loss?

Even though they were far away, all the officials couldn't help but kneel while trembling all over, to say nothing of those who remained on Golden Peak.

Fortunately, the libationer’s great formation was in place, so Yun Jianyue and the others were just about able to hold on. However, they couldn't help but feel their very souls trembling. They were just that insignificant, actually unable to bring forth even the slightest will to fight.

Zu An also felt some fear toward giants. He sensed that his dao conviction was beginning to waver. As such, he quickly looked down at the spot beneath his own waist. Only then did he manage to calm himself down.

…

When Zhao Han used all of his strength, just how powerful was he? When his fist smashed outward, it left the faint outline of a black opening in the azure sky. It was a sign that space itself had been blasted open by the force of his punch!

His fully-powered fist moved so quickly that it almost instantly smashed into the formation around him. The translucent formation surged with blue light, followed by a sound that resembled glass shattering. Where his fist made contact, it actually left a hole in the formation.

The libationer’s expression changed. He rushed forth, turning into a white afterimage and stopping Zhao Han from breaking out. Then, he used his body to block the hole, using all of his power to repair the formation.

The publicly acknowledged number one expert in the world was Zhao Han, but if one were to talk about the one who had the most knowledge in the world, that title still belonged to the libationer.

That was apparent just from his numerous disciples, and how every disciple studied something entirely different. Some people even suspected that if the libationer hadn’t been so distracted by so many different fields and focused on cultivation, his accomplishments could have been even higher than Zhao Han’s. As such, by using everything he had learned, he forcibly maintained the formation.

In almost the same instant, shining runes appeared in the midst of the great formation. Immediately after, a vortex appeared. At first, it was quite small, but it grew larger and larger over time.

Then, the space within the formation began to crack. All of the buildings, trees, sand, and stones… They all fell into the vortex.

“Out of the way!” Zhao Han roared furiously as he tried to leave through the opening he had just created.

With his cultivation, the vortex shouldn’t have been able to do anything to him. However, the libationer had schemed for many years, and on top of that, he had used the power of the entire Violet Mountain Range to support the formation. The entire space would soon be transported into an empty void. Thus, even Zhao Han couldn't help but become a bit nervous. He could no longer unleash another full-powered attack, so he could only hope to leave through the opening he had made.

Unfortunately, the libationer continued to remain there while using all his techniques, preventing Zhao Han from leaving through the hole. He tried to blast the libationer back, but although the libationer’s cultivation was lower than his, it wasn’t too much weaker. There was no way of deciding victory and defeat within a short amount of time.

Meanwhile, the great formation was activating extremely quickly. It had only been a few breaths of time from when the vortex first appeared, but space had already begun to collapse into a sphere, and it was going faster and faster. Even Zhao Han couldn't resist the force and began to be drawn inside.

“Stop!” Zhao Han yelled, no longer having time to think about fighting the libationer. Instead, he used all of his cultivation, his body erupting with golden brilliance. All kinds of strange mythical beasts’ shadows appeared around him. They were clearly the embodiment of his various skills.

However, that still wasn’t enough. He took out the Human Emperor’s Seal and held it above his head. The divine weapon aura it emanated engulfed him, finally letting him stabilize his position.

Zhao Han roared with laughter and cried out, “Is that all this formation can do?!”

He felt much more confident now. As long as he could hold on, the vortex would naturally disappear. Then, he could slowly deal with the libationer.

Having felt the terrifying power of the vortex, Zu An had decided to bring the four women away. However, he was surprised by what was happening. He realized that as long as the Human Emperor’s Seal was shot down, Zhao Han himself would have no chance of resisting the vortex.

Just as he took out the Tai’e Sword, though, he saw the libationer raise his hand. A painting scroll flew out from the libationer’s sleeves and gradually unfurled, revealing the figure of an exceptional beauty within.

Zu An was surprised. That seemed to be the drawing that had hung in the libationer’s bedroom! It looked completely ordinary, so he had thought that it was nothing more than a keepsake for the libationer to reminisce about his former love. Could it also be a deity-grade weapon?

The painting scroll unfolded and quickly wrapped itself around the Human Emperor’s Seal. In an instant, the divine weapon’s aura briefly vanished.Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

However, it was only for an instant. The painting scroll erupted into flames, and moments later, it crumbled into ash. It was clearly not a deity-grade weapon and couldn't stop the real deal’s power.

The libationer had an expression of grief. When he looked at the ashes, he felt a moment of absent-mindedness.

And yet, the instant in which the Human Emperor’s Seal aura was isolated was already enough. Without the protection of the Human Emperor’s Seal, Zhao Han could no longer resist the absorption of the vortex and fell into it. The vortex’s terrifying suction force was strong enough to have absorbed the entirety of Violet Mountain if not for the formation; thus, Zhao Han lost his balance and was unable to stop himself.

Just as he was about to be completely sucked into the vortex, however, he suddenly reached out and grabbed the libationer’s shoulder. He had a sinister expression, even as he resembled a drowning man who had managed to grab onto a reed; it seemed he would never let go.

However, the libationer’s footing was far more stable than a reed. With his cultivation, it wasn’t too difficult for him to stop himself. If they persisted for a while longer and the vortex collapsed, everything would be alright.

And yet, just then, the libationer suddenly let out a deep sigh and said, “Your majesty has already fallen into this state. Did you think I would still cherish life?” Right after he finished speaking, he kicked off from the ground and rushed into the great formation.

“NOOOOOO!” Zhao Han screamed.

How could he possibly still hold on when the libationer slammed into him, after all? Both of them immediately fell into the vortex. Despite that, he still tried to struggle. To some extent, it showed just how profound his cultivation was, as he was still able to toss and turn inside the vortex.

In the end, though, he couldn't resist its pull and still disappeared within.

At the same time, when the libationer’s protection disappeared, the great formation’s opening was fully exposed. Its powerful suction force spilled out. Guan Chouhai, Xuan Bajing, Li Changsheng, and some of the corpses that remained were instantly sucked in.

Zu An’s expression changed. He quickly grabbed the women and flew away, saying, “We need to leave!”

Everything had happened too fast. A moment before, he had been thinking about how to knock down the Human Emperor’s Seal to get rid of Zhao Han, but then the situation changed rapidly.

The women also understood the severity of the situation. They all used their fastest movement skills to flee. Unfortunately, even Zhao Han couldn't stop the suction force of the spatial vortex, so how could they?

The weakest of them, Xie Daoyun, was the first one to fail. She screamed in alarm as she fell backward, pulled by the powerful vortex. Zu An felt his heart sink, but he rushed over using Grandgale without the slightest hesitation.

He was about to bring her back when he heard another scream of alarm. Qiu Honglei had also lost her footing and was being pulled back. Yun Jianyue’s expression changed greatly and she tried to grab her disciple, but she only grabbed empty air.

Just as Qiu Honglei was about to be dragged past the edge of the vortex, Zu An quickly threw Xie Daoyun outward, using the recoil force to quickly arrive at the edge and grab Qiu Honglei’s hand.

Favorite