Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1801: Sleeping Beauty

The whole group felt dejected. They hadn’t expected the Ghost King to get here so quickly, and they still hadn’t found the method to restrict him either.

Zhao Han quickly got up off the ground. Even though he had gone through all kinds of dangerous and thrilling events, his face was still a bit hot. After all, being seen with his bottom in the air, kneeling to a dead person, by so many people and ghosts was a bit too embarrassing.

A giant ghost face condensed in the sky once more. He stared at Immortal Ruler Baopu and couldn't help but say with a sigh, “Who would have thought that the immortal ruler of a generation could only lie here quietly after his death.”

Jing Teng frowned and asked, “Why didn’t you dare to utter those same words when the immortal ruler was still alive?”

The Ghost King sneered and said, “The dead are dead. You will die too.” Deathly white rays of light instantly emerged from his eyes.

Normally, in such situations, wasn’t there supposed to be a bout with words first? Why had he suddenly attacked without any warning? Qiu Honglei and Jing Teng were standing side by side; the two rays of light would hit them both! It was so fast that the two of them couldn't react at all!

Just then, however, a figure blocked the rays. Zu An didn’t have time to take the two of them with him and evade, so he could only brandish his sword at the incoming light. Even though he dispersed most of the white rays, some of them still landed on his body.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

He was about to use the Primordial Origin Sutra to heal his wounds, but he was stunned. He didn’t actually feel anything off. However, he knew that the Ghost King would never unleash useless skills.

Just then, Jing Teng cried out anxiously, “Be careful! That’s the Ghost King’s Glare of Eternal Slumber!”

As soon as he heard her words, Zu An felt a wave of drowsiness attack him. He couldn't help but feel shocked. With his cultivation, even going without sleep for half a month wouldn’t be a problem. Why did he suddenly feel such powerful drowsiness?

When he heard the words ‘Glare of Eternal Slumber’, even though he had never heard of it before, he could more or less guess what kind of effect the skill had.

When she saw Zu An’s eyelids droop, as if he was about to fall asleep, Qiu Honglei was so nervous she almost cried. She and the other women always privately complained that this guy always risked his life when chasing after women, and now that it had happened again, even though she had been saved, she couldn't bring herself to feel happy at all.

She quickly sent ki into Zu An’s body to try and help him remain awake. Unfortunately, the ki she sent in seemed to instantly disappear into a vast ocean. It wasn’t of any use at all.

“The valiant vanguard shall advance! The battle is to the north; the black tortoise awaits its summons!” Jing Teng shouted, and a giant tortoise and snake projection surrounded the group. A second later, another pair of deathly white rays appeared, but they were stopped by the black tortoise.

“You’re actually able to withstand my Glare of Eternal Slumber for that long?” the Ghost King remarked in surprise. But he quickly laughed and said, “Even so, it’s futile. In the end, you’ll still fall asleep.”

His subordinates Hidden Dragon and Phoenix Chick had both died under Zu An’s hands, so he had a strong impression of his purification skills and felt that the youngster posed a certain degree of threat to him. That was why he had decided to get rid of Zu An first. However, he had seen how fast Zu An’s instant movement ability was, and had been worried that he would be on guard if the rays didn’t hit. That was why he had attacked the women to force Zu An to act.

Either way, he had felt some reservations toward that Jing Teng woman too, and with that, he could kill two birds with one stone. In the end, the situation had ended up playing out exactly as he anticipated.

Hmph, he’s nothing more than a lewd fool. He was so easily dealt with!

The only surprising thing was that Zu An hadn’t immediately fallen asleep. This guy was a bit strange, as expected. After all, the Glare of Eternal Slumber the Ghost King had used this time wasn’t the same as the one he had used on those pretty women before. That was nothing more than a casual attack done to appease a sacrifice. This time, he had used all of his strength, so its power was more than ten times greater!

He was about to attack again when Zu An roared, “Your majesty, are you just going to watch? If we die, you’ll be finished as well!”

Zhao Han snorted and replied, “Why don’t you take care of yourself first?!”

Despite that, he still acted. He attacked the Ghost King, who was floating in the air. Previously, he had been caught off guard and almost had his soul sucked out by the Demonic Voice of the Ghost King. Now that he had the Human Emperor Seal protecting him, he didn’t fear the opponent that much. It would be even easier for him to run away.

However, he knew that this brat Zu An was full of secrets. He wanted to take the chance to expose some of his hidden cards. At the same time, that woman Jing Teng was full of secrets herself. They hadn’t found the immortal opportunity yet either, so how could he be willing to leave just like that?

Ghost King was also surprised that this man had taken the initiative to attack him. The two of them quickly clashed once more, sending several terrifying blast waves in all directions. However, the tomb didn’t suffer any damage at all, due to some unfathomable aspect of its design. Instead, the power they released was absorbed.

Even so, the Ghost King didn’t have time to think about that in detail; he looked at Zhao Han in shock. This guy was much stronger than he had imagined! As long as the opponent didn’t rashly send out his primordial spirit, he actually didn’t have any way to win. After all, the Demonic Voice of the Ghost King could only absorb beings that were weaker than himself. This Zhao Han was incredibly powerful, and his soul and body’s connection was extremely firm, so the Ghost King couldn't suck his soul out at all.

Helpless to do anything else, he could only order his six ghost generals, “Kill them!”

“Understood!” the six skeleton knights covered in black smoke replied, then rushed at Zu An’s group.

At the moment, Zu An was afflicted with the Glare of Eternal Slumber, so he couldn't use the terrifying purification ability he had used on Hidden Dragon and Phoenix Chick. With the ghost generals’ strength, they naturally didn’t fear those two dainty looking women.

While Zu An was suffering from the Glare of Eternal Slumber, Mi Li quickly said, “This is a sleep-type skill that seems to be extremely high-rank. Hurry and use the Primordial Origin Sutra; its purification abilities have a certain degree of resistance to such things.”

When he heard the urgency in her voice, Zu An didn’t hesitate and frantically operated his Primordial Origin Sutra. Only then did he not feel as if he would pass out at any moment. But even so, he could still sense that the Glare of Eternal Slumber was rapidly taking over his body. Even with the Primordial Origin Sutra, he wouldn’t be able to hold on for a long time.

He noticed that Zhao Han seemed to be a bit hesitant. He knew that if Zhao Han left now, his group would be in big trouble. Throwing caution to the wind, he roared loudly.

Even though he successfully made Zhao Han and Ghost King face each other once more, due to the moment of distraction, the Glare of Eternal Slumber’s effects erupted again. He almost fainted on the spot.

Jing Teng called out again, “The valiant should join the ranks of war. The army is to the east; the azure dragon awaits its summons!”

An azure dragon quickly appeared; it surrounded Zu An and began to spin rapidly. Zu An immediately felt an exuberant life force pour into his body. It was almost on par with Snow when she used her elf race’s secret ability. Only with this supply of life force did he manage to barely prevent his own immediate collapse, reaching a deadlock with the Glare of Eternal Slumber. There was no danger of him fainting anymore, but he couldn't be distracted and do other things. Otherwise, if the equilibrium was destroyed, the Glare of Eternal Slumber would immediately gain the advantage again.

The six ghost generals’ attacks arrived just then. In hindsight, Hidden Dragon and Phoenix Chick had been quite comical, but that was because they had never anticipated Zu An to be so formidable, actually having a purification ability that was their bane. These six ghost generals seemed much more typical. Great demonic flames surrounded their bodies, and every single one of them was powerful.

Jing Teng had a worried expression. Even though they had the black tortoise protecting them, she still had to divert sixty percent of her attention to deliver Zu An life force. If the ghost generals attacked now, sooner or later, they would lose.

Suddenly, Qiu Honglei drew her two blades. She said calmly to Jing Teng, “Protect Ah Zu. Leave everything else here to me!”

She was the powerful cultivator who had defeated all of the daoist sects’ representative disciples on Violet Mountain. She wouldn’t necessarily be able to defeat individuals such as the Ghost King or Zhao Han, but the ghost generals were different. She cried out, and a burst of resplendent light filled her body as she rushed at them. She danced between the ghosts like a beautiful butterfly, actually holding her own.

Jing Teng couldn't help but sigh, remarking in praise, “Miss Qiu really is pretty and strong.”

If they weren’t in a crisis, Zu An definitely would have teased her and said ‘aren’t you the same’, but he couldn't catch a break at all. As he watched Qiu Honglei’s waist twisting around and her body displaying countless exaggerated movements to avoid danger, he couldn't help but feel really nervous.

After all, none of the ghost generals were weaker than Qiu Honglei herself, and there were some whose cultivations were even higher. Fortunately, she used the light element, which had a restraining effect on ghosts. Furthermore, she was the Devil Sect Saintess and had all kinds of top-notch movement skills. As such, she just about managed to keep up despite fighting one versus six.

However, the ghost generals could make as many mistakes as they wanted, but one mistake on her part would end it all. As time went on, she would definitely end up in danger.

Zu An quickly asked Mi Li, “Master empress, how should I deal with a technique like this?”

“This skill falls under a branch that isn’t greatly researched,” Mi Li said, her tone becoming grave. “In my earlier years, I saw some books from the western region that claimed certain special kisses could wake up sleeping princesses or princes. That could potentially deal with this technique.”

Zu An was speechless. After all that, they had ended up at Sleeping Beauty? But this wasn’t some fairy tale. How could there be someone out there who could give him that kind of kiss?