Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1803: Not Weird Enough

Zu An didn’t have time to respond before Qiu Honglei interrupted, “No, you all came at the perfect time. Not only did you save me, Ah Zu is in a dangerous situation right now and might faint at any time.”

Hmph, Ah Zu must now know who actually cares about him the most!

Chu Chuyan and Pei Mianman were shocked, asking, “What happened?”

Just then, Jing Teng said, “He was afflicted by the Ghost King’s Glare of Eternal Slumber. I’m using the power of the azure dragon to help him resist it, but we have no idea how much longer he can hold on for.”

She had sensed the two women’ enmity earlier. It was clearly a misunderstanding after seeing that she was so close to Zu An. She realized they had a special relationship with Zu An, and she definitely didn’t want to immediately become the target of their enmity.

Chu Chuyan and Pei Mianman thus understood why she was so close to Zu An. They felt a bit better. The two women looked at each other in dismay and saw the same strange expression in each other’s eyes, both exclaiming, “Glare of Eternal Slumber?”

Forget about them, even the Ghost King himself was completely baffled. Weren’t these two ladies hit by the same skill? How had they ended up coming here?

Don’t tell me they really found a solution? But how is that possible?

Meanwhile, Zhao Han frowned as he felt the pressure on him increase.

This damn ghost seems to be getting anxious.

As such, he roared, “All of you should stop acting like fools jealous over love, and find a way to save him so he can help me!”

That kind of passionate love really left him envious and irritated. As the ruler of an empire, the most powerful being in the world, he naturally had countless beauties in his harem. But in terms of quality, they wouldn’t even compare to those at Zu An’s side.

What right does this little bastard have?!

Even though he cared more about immortality and didn’t attach much importance to lust, he was still a man. The thought alone left him furious.

You have successfully trolled Zhao Han for +444 +444 +444…

The women’ faces reddened. They were all a bit embarrassed after they were ruthlessly exposed by Zhao Han.

Qiu Honglei and Jing Teng quickly began to explain what the Glare of Eternal Slumber was to Chu Chuyan and Pei Mianman, but the two interrupted them as soon as they started.

“We know,” Pei Mianman said as they looked at Chu Chuyan. The two both recalled the memory of saving each other. A faint blush appeared on their cheeks.

“Should you do it or should I?” Pei Mianman asked awkwardly.

Chu Chuyan took a deep breath and said, “I’ll do it.”

Pei Mianman’s eyes widened. After all, the reason she had asked that was because with Chu Chuyan’s personality, she would be too embarrassed to kiss Ah Zu in front of everyone. Then, she would have a proper pretext to kiss him.

Hehe, kissing the lover of Chu Chuyan and these other women right in front of them… Just the thought is exciting already.

However, Chu Chuyan didn’t act the way she was supposed to, and took the initiative instead!

In the end, I’m the one who has to watch my lover being kissed?

Even so, after she asked the question first, she couldn't even volunteer herself anymore.

Ah, why am I so stupid?! In the end, the clown was me?

You have successfully trolled Pei Mianman for +666 +666 +666…

When she saw how steam was practically about to come out of Pei Mianman’s head, Chu Chuyan grinned.

Hmph, do you really think I don’t know what you’re thinking?

If this were any other time, perhaps she would really be too embarrassed. However, in front of these vixens, if she didn’t watch her man a bit more closely, wouldn’t he be completely devoured?

She realized that it was precisely because she hadn’t been careful enough in the past that Ah Zu had ended up being surrounded by all these women. She wouldn’t let that happen again in the future.

When she realized that, she walked over to Zu An’s side and said, “Lower your head.”

Zu An was stunned, but he still instinctively did what she said. Chu Chuyan got on her tiptoes, and before the others’ shocked gazes, she kissed him. Zu An’s eyes widened. This didn’t match Chuyan’s easily embarrassed nature! Besides, why was she even kissing him at that moment?

Even though he was confused, her lips were soft, and he could even sense her cleverly pressing against him. He smelled an incredible scent coming from her. Zu An’s entire body stiffened. When had Chuyan suddenly become so good at this?

Jing Teng blinked blankly. She couldn't quite process everything that was happening in front of her. She could still understand if that seductive big-breasted girl had been the one to do such a thing, since it matched her first impression. But this woman was as graceful and as elegant as an ice fairy, so how could she do something so brazen… So shameless?!

At first, Qiu Honglei was grateful that they had come to save her, but she almost exploded from rage when she saw what was happening.

What is the meaning of this? Are you trying to assert your dominance in front of me right now?

“Do you know what kind of situation we’re in? And yet you’re still in the mood to do something like that? Just who is the Devil Sect witch here?” Qiu Honglei exclaimed, clenching her fists so tightly her knuckles cracked. If not for the fact that they were fighting against a great enemy, she likely would have already interfered.

Why did I never notice that Chu Chuyan was this shameless before? No wonder master loathes that stone cold woman. Her disciple is just as annoying!

Pei Mianman sighed when she saw that Qiu Honglei’s face was entirely red and that her hair was practically standing on end. She explained, “You’re all misunderstanding. Chuyan is saving him right now.”

“She’s saving him like that?” Qiu Honglei replied with a skeptical frown.

“Actually, not too long ago…” Pei Mianman began, but she stopped midway through her sentence. If she told them about that Glare of Eternal Slumber, wouldn’t the others all find out that she and Chu Chuyan had kissed? That was just way too embarrassing, so she changed the story and said, “We learned a secret method that just happens to be able to counteract the Glare of Eternal Slumber.”

The Ghost King perked up his ears and exclaimed, “How can that be? How could anyone be able to undo this king’s Glare of Eternal Slumber? Where did you learn that from?”

Seeing that the Ghost King was growing more and more violent, Zhao Han’s mood grew worse and worse.

Damn it, why is that brat Zu An enjoying himself while I have to fight for my life here?!

Most importantly, everything he was doing was just to ensure that they could peacefully kiss each other. He became more and more upset the more he thought about it. Anger boiled within him.

You have successfully trolled Zhao Han for +666 +666 +666…

With Zhao Han serving as their shield, the women could just ignore the Ghost King’s words. They all looked at Chu Chuyan with unkind expressions. Judging from how intoxicated she looked, there was definitely tongue involved.

And yet you still put on that act as if you’re above the common populace! Hah, I wonder just how much human saliva you’ve already swallowed by now.

When she sensed their fiery gazes, Chu Chuyan’s heart pounded fiercely too. She had never done something so brazen before. She could only continuously reassure herself.

I’m only doing this to treat Ah Zu; it’s just treatment…

However, after a while, she suddenly became confused. She could sense that the grayish-white energy was incredibly heavy. It was many times more dense than Manman’s had been back then. Fortunately, with the assistance of Jing Teng’s azure dragon power and Zu An’s own primordial ki, she was able to push it back somewhat. However, completely getting rid of it was impossible.

They knew just how powerful the Glare of Eternal Slumber was. If it couldn't be completely eliminated, it would erupt again sooner or later. It was just like having a ticking time bomb strapped to one’s body, causing constant anxiety.

She quickly backed up and separated their lips. She looked at Pei Mianman nervously before saying, “Manman, hurry and come here. His condition is too serious. I can’t cure it alone.”

Pei Mianman was startled. She knew that with her personality, Chu Chuyan wouldn’t lie. Perhaps Baogu hadn’t had enough energy, and had only passed half the skill onto each of them. It had just been enough when they helped each other. But if they wanted to save someone else, half of the technique’s power was a bit lacking. Furthermore, Zu An had been afflicted by the Ghost King’s full-force Glare of Eternal Slumber.

She quickly ran over and asked, “Then what do we do?”

Chu Chuyan’s face became a bit red. She said, “Let’s do it together and combine both of our strength.”

Qiu Honglei blinked. She had initially sighed in relief when she saw their lips separate, staring at Chu Chuyan’s lips that were a bit swollen, thinking that this woman really had gone all out. And yet, when she heard what Chuyan said after, she was completely stunned.

What the heck does that mean?!

Pei Mianman naturally knew what Chu Chuyan meant, but she was quite fiery and passionate in nature to begin with. Furthermore, it was related to Zu An’s safety, so she set aside any misgivings and said, “Alright, let’s do it together.” Afterward, she moved closer and kissed Zu An.

Zu An sighed inwardly when he felt the pressure on his chest.

That’s the Big Manman I know and love!

Even though he knew that the kiss was actually to treat the Glare of Eternal Slumber, he still couldn't help but feel a bit of tenderness. In that instant, he was even a bit thankful that the Ghost King had used the skill on him.

After some hesitation, Chu Chuyan still moved closer with a reddened face. She gently kissed Zu An with her red lips.

Mmm… Manman even considerately left me half the space.

When she saw what was happening, Qiu Honglei was overwhelmed with confusion.

Who am I? Where am I? What am I doing?Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

These two actually dare to violate my man in front of me, and I can’t even stop them because they’re saving Ah Zu’s life. My lover is actually kissing other women right in front of me… Is there anyone in this world who can understand my pain?!

Damn these vixens! Could it be that they’ve already formed an alliance? Right, everyone knows they were close friends even when they were back in Brightmoon City.

This isn’t good. I’m too weak all alone. I have to make some allies of my own in order to properly face them. But who can I look for?

She reflexively glanced at Jing Teng off to the side.

Jing Teng’s jaw practically fell to the ground when she saw Chu Chuyan and Pei Mianman kiss Zu An together. She couldn't help but look at Qiu Honglei.

This woman was always on guard against me as if I were some thief, and yet she’s not going to do a thing when others are bullying her man right in front of her?

Huh? What is that look in her eyes? Why is she staring at me instead of stopping those two women?

She suddenly sensed unprecedented affection in Qiu Honglei’s gaze, leaving her completely stunned.

What is going on with her? Does she have a mental disorder?

At that moment, she suddenly felt as if the reason why she couldn't get along with them was because she wasn’t weird enough herself.

The Ghost King and Zhao Han, who had been fighting bitterly a moment before, both tacitly agreed to stop. The scene left them completely speechless.