Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1816: Humiliation

Ikuu Experience Card skill introduction:

If your back hurts, it might not be because of a blade. If you are screaming your heart and lungs out, it might not be because of pain. What rests on your shoulders might not necessarily be responsibility. Things you are forced to learn might not be a lesson!

Skill effect: Only effective on men. Once a target is selected, it will force them to experience a woman’s perspective. They will feel as if they were being powerfully filled by a strong and robust man. One of the four scenarios above will be chosen, and they will continue to scream ‘Ikuu ikuu~’.

Note: This skill is ineffective against those without any intimate experiences.

Just then, a vivid scene appeared in Sun En’s mind. He felt as if he had been pressed against a table, and a man he couldn't see clearly smiled sinisterly while tearing off his pants.

“Noooo!”

He was clearly one of the three most powerful cultivators in this world, and yet he discovered that he had turned into a powerless woman. Following a burst of intense pain, he was completely stupefied.

Was I just… done by a man?

He frantically struggled, but that man said, “Keep struggling, because the more you struggle, the more excited I’ll become!”

Sun En was so angry he was going crazy, but before that person, he was just too weak. The man’s hand was like a great mountain as it pressed down on him. He couldn't move an inch. He was horrified. His cultivation was extremely high, and yet he couldn't move at all. Just what kind of power was this?

Soon after, he didn’t have the energy to question it anymore, because to his shame, he was starting to feel something!

What the f*ck? Why did I become a damn pervert?!

He was really on the verge of going mad. Just what kind of freakish thing was happening right now? And yet, it also seemed strangely logical.

Eventually, that person didn’t seem satisfied enough and flipped him over. Then, he crudely propped Sun En’s legs up on his shoulders. Sun En hadn’t expected his own body to be so flexible.

However, he was soon stunned, because that man he hated bitterly and wanted to cut into pieces suddenly revealed his face. It was actually himself!

I’m screwing myself?

No matter how experienced Sun En was, in that instant, his brain almost short-circuited. Still, if it was himself, it seemed to be easier to accept than that person being someone else…

When the clone began his love thrusts again, Sun En discovered that he could no longer hold his urges in anymore. He unwittingly began to scream.

The noise coming out of his mouth seemed to be ‘Ikuu!’

Can someone tell me what the hell this means?

He wanted to understand!

However, he quickly realized something else terrifying. His clone grabbed his head, and seeming to be discontent, pushed his head down. Even though he frantically tried to keep his mouth shut, he still couldn't resist the clone’s strength…

Tears of humiliation streamed down his face. He had never thought that he would be such a freak.

He was the glorious Divine Firmament Sect Master, someone who was practically invincible in this world. And yet today, he had a bamboo shoot shoved in, and it was even his own?

He felt as if he would go crazy!

…

Many things occurred in Sun En’s mind, but in the outside world, only an instant passed.

The women suddenly saw him shudder and cry while shouting some inexplicable cry of ‘ikuu ikuu’.

In an instant, Zu An made his move. The real reason he had taken those bolts of lightning with his body before was to make Sun En lower his guard. He knew that if it were any other cultivator, the ridiculously large bolts of lightning would have left them half-dead, if not outright dead. They would definitely have lost their fighting ability.

However, he was different. His body was incredibly powerful. Between that and the Primordial Origin Sutra’s terrifying regenerative ability, he had been able to take a few blasts of lightning. Sure enough, he had managed to successfully fool Sun En.

He didn’t hesitate at all and immediately used Grandgale to close the distance, thrusting the Poisonous Prick toward Sun En.

He had been worried that Sun En, the Divine Firmament Sect Master, practiced asceticism or something, which would have made the Ikuu Experience Card fail. However, the results had proven that he was overthinking things.

The moral of the story was that sometimes, being a virgin wasn’t so bad.

It landed!

However, Zu An quickly frowned, because he discovered that he hadn’t stabbed into flesh, but rather something that seemed to be a straw doll.

Spurt!

A streak of flames ignited in front of Sun En’s chest. He instinctively retreated away from Zu An. With his cultivation that was comparable to Zhao Han’s, he was extremely fast. It would be difficult for even Grandgale to catch up.

Sun En seemed to have woken up. His hair was all over the place, and his eyes were a bit red. He took out a burning straw doll and said hoarsely, “If I didn’t have this straw doll that could take my place, I would already have died just now.”

He had finally recovered his reason, so he realized what the earlier scene was. In the past, he had taken his disciple with him into a big city and seized a noble court lady. He had really liked her unyielding character, so he had ended up toying with her in all sorts of different ways. He had liked seeing her proud, yet powerless appearance.

Who would have thought that one day, he would experience her perspective too? He had to admit that it was quite the humiliating experience…

Zu An cried out inwardly in disappointment. He discovered that the higher their cultivation became, the more life-saving methods these top-tier individuals had. He definitely couldn't count on the Poisonous Prick being unbeatable anymore. Even though the people who had such life-saving methods were definitely extraordinary, there were just too many of them.

Sun En hissed through gritted teeth, “Were you the source of all of that bullshit?!”

You have successfully trolled Sun En for +1024 +1024 +1024…

However, he still didn’t understand just what kind of mysterious technique he had been struck by. As a skill that could even affect someone of his cultivation, it really was quite incredible.

Even so, isn’t this skill a bit too damn despicable?!

He only had a single thought left in his mind, which was to dice this kid’s corpse into ten thousand pieces. Only then would the humiliation he had just suffered be cleansed.

You have successfully trolled Sun En for +748 +748 +748…

He raised his hand, and the entire tomb flickered with lightning. He was too angry to worry about any consequences, because this brat was just too fast and he wouldn’t necessarily be able to hit him.

However, if Zu An had people he had to save, that issue would easily be dealt with. There was no way Zu An would just watch as his women were electrocuted to death, right? As long as he went to save them, Sun En could send a torrent of berserk lightning at him.

But who would have thought that Zu An didn’t have any intention of dodging? Instead, he brandished his sword and walked closer, step by step. He asked, “Do you have any more of those substitution dolls?”

“How could there be a second copy of something that precious?” Sun En replied. He immediately felt heartbroken when he thought of that. “However, do you think you will still have a second chance to hurt me?”

“Why wouldn’t I?” Zu An replied with a smile. Energy seemed to begin gathering toward him.

However, Sun En didn’t treat it as too big of a deal. After all, the difference in their cultivation was so great that there was no need to fear Zu An at all. He said, “Hmph, earlier, I was caught off guard by your despicable skill, but I won’t fall for it even if you use it again!”

He previously hadn’t had any experience fighting that kind of technique, but now that he was prepared, he could still instantly retaliate and turn his surroundings into a sea of lightning. His reputation as one of the strongest three in this world was definitely not in vain. If he ended up dying to a skill like that, it would be better to just bend over and die.

Zu An sighed and said, “I wanted to save this sword for someone else, but I have no other choice now.”

At that moment, his aura suddenly erupted. It was as if all of the world’s spiritual essence were being drawn into his body… No, it wasn’t that grand. It was the aura of the entire great tomb that was becoming one with him.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

One Drop of Heaven’s Essence could bring forth the power of a dragon vein. Meanwhile, this great tomb was like a giant dragon itself, making it effectively a dragon vein. Of course, the tomb seemed to be sealed, so its dragon vein force normally couldn't be borrowed.

However, previously, when the great tomb rumbled and shook due to the roars of countless monsters, in that instant, it seemed to have come alive. Endless ki had rushed out, and Zu An had sensed it. He had since been gathering it silently with One Drop of Heaven’s Essence.

Unfortunately, he only had the ability to release a single slash. He had wanted to use it on Zhao Han, but now, he no longer had a choice.

In that instant, Sun En sensed that the entire great tomb seemed to have begun treating him as an enemy. The entire space clearly began to loathe him.

“How could he possibly achieve this?!” Sun En exclaimed in horror, because he discovered that in that instant, Zu An’s cultivation actually rose to practically match his own!

Resplendent sword light filled the tomb. Those within couldn't help but cover their eyes. However, what Sun En saw in that instant wasn’t a river of stars, but rather a brilliant sun!

The terrifying sword energy formed a giant ball of light, then tried to devour Sun En. He didn’t dare to hold back anymore. His hands quickly moved, unleashing several techniques. They coordinated with the Record of High Firmament to form a massive sphere of lightning.

The ball of lightning and sphere of sword energy collided, and both instantly exploded. However, there was no sound of an explosion. On the contrary, all sound seemed to have disappeared from the world. The women even briefly felt as if they had gone deaf.

Light mixed with lightning radiance, and sword energy spilled out in all directions. The celestial soldiers were the closest to the two combatants, and their massive bodies were almost instantly vaporized by the light.

The women’s eyes narrowed. They quickly backed up, and Jing Teng stood protectively in front of them. Her hands quickly formed a seal, and a giant black tortoise appeared to defend them.

However, her tortoise couldn't completely stop the blast wave and its shell began to crack. A blue formation quickly materialized to support it, due to Xie Daoyun’s help. Soon after, the other women also reacted. Even though they weren’t good at formations like Xie Daoyun, who could help Jing Teng directly, they used their own powerful skills to destroy the incoming blasts and decrease the pressure.

Even after the situation finally stabilized a bit, however, they didn’t have time to rejoice. Instead, they stared nervously at the very center to see whether Zu An was safe.

When the light scattered, they saw Zu An supporting himself with his sword stabbed into the ground. He was gasping for air, clearly having exhausted too much of his energy. Even standing was a bit difficult. His body was greatly scorched, and a few arcs of electricity crackled across his body from time to time. Wisps of heat emanated from his skin, accompanied by the scent of scorched flesh. However, his eyes were still shining brilliantly. His injuries clearly hadn’t affected him too greatly.

On the other hand, Sun En was in a much worse state. There was a terrifying wound in his chest, and the internal organs within were even faintly discernible.

“Very good. You’ve actually pushed me this far. That is something you can be proud of. However, I will not be giving you another chance,” Sun En said. He gritted his teeth and took out the Record of Heaven Heart. He would invite a heroic spirit that was good at close combat into himself, then face Zu An in his most powerful state. He no longer treated Zu An as a young junior, but rather an enemy at the same level as himself.

However, just then, his entire body trembled. A bloody hand suddenly appeared in front of his chest, and in its palm just happened to be his heart.

He turned his head rigidly and muttered, “It’s… you?”