Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1819: Questioning Life

“Alright, I’ve already expressed enough sincerity by answering your questions. Shouldn’t you tell me where the inner manual is now?” the Ghost King continued, his face rippling. He added in a low muffled voice, “You should already know that if I attack, I can suck out all of your souls. Things won’t be pretty then.”

It wasn’t that he didn’t dare to kill them, but that he didn’t know what kind of relationship Jing Teng had with these women. On the surface, it looked like a love rivalry, so she should have been hoping that they would all die, but she had just helped Qiu Honglei obtain a great treasure from the immortal ruler. The other women seemed to be showing her good intentions too.

Besides, if something happened to the others, Zu An would definitely fight him to the death, never mind telling him where the inner manual was. That was an outcome he definitely didn’t want. If there was a chance to negotiate, why would there be any need for violence?

Jing Teng had a grave expression. She wanted to say something, but yet didn’t know what to say.

The Ghost King started to get a bit impatient. He said with a sneer, “Hm, I think I understand. The reason you aren’t giving it to me is because you want to use me to get rid of these love rivals, right?”

Jing Teng’s expression changed. Those words could very well be the end of her! Even if that wasn’t her intention, now that he had said that, the other women could begin to suspect her.

Qiu Honglei spoke up just then. “You can stop trying to drive a wedge between us. Little sister Jing and I have traveled together all this time, and I know that even though she acts cold on the outside, she’s actually warm inside. She definitely wouldn’t do something so despicable.”

She had no idea how old that vine was, but she still had to clearly state their status as sisters.

Hmph, Chu Chuyan and Pei Mianman are too close. I’m too weak by myself and need someone on my side to help me. Adding Jing Teng alone doesn’t seem to be enough, though. She hasn’t known Ah Zu for that long. Should I grab that lass Xie Daoyun too?

However, she’s from a distinguished clan, and might look down on a Devil Sect witch like me. She’d definitely feel closer to Chu Chuyan’s side.

A hint of a worried and sad look appeared on her face when she thought of that.

Yan Xuehen couldn't help but give Yun Jianyue a look.

Why is your disciple speaking up for another woman?

Yun Jianyue thought to herself, What does a stone cold woman like you understand?

No matter how fiercely our Devil Sect’s women fight against other women, they’ll still appear kind in front of their man. That way, compared to those jealous women, they’ll be the ones the men care about the most!

Honglei is amazing, as expected of my precious disciple!

If they were going to fight in this harem, they had to screw those other women over, especially that stone cold woman’s disciple.

…

Chu Chuyan and the others also spoke up then, trying to ease Jing Teng’s worries. They had all been outstanding women since their youth, and they each had their own pride, so how could they possibly let the enemy use their lives to threaten their friends? Besides, now that there were so many people on their side, they could still have a chance if they fought.

The Ghost King got angry when he saw them presenting a united front. He said, “Good, very good. It seems you’re all the sort who won’t cry until you see a coffin.”

Even though he still had some misgivings, with the way things were, there was no reason for him to make any further concessions. As soon as he spoke, the face in the air suddenly became bigger. It opened its mouth, and a formless wave rippled out.

It was the Demonic Voice of the Ghost King!

Jing Teng seemed to have already been prepared. A black tortoise barrier quickly formed around them. However, the Ghost King’s attack was too powerful, causing the barrier to flicker as if it could collapse at any time.

Yan Xuehen also made her move. As someone from a daoist sect, she also excelled in formations. She kicked off the ground, holding two fingers in front of her. A white formation quickly appeared on the ground beneath her and stretched outward. It had both warding and reinforcement properties.

Ice and snow flew around the white formation. Soon after, it began to rotate and rise into the air, reinforcing the black tortoise formation. The black tortoise’s radiance shone brighter, then gradually stabilized.

Xie Daoyun reacted as well. Her hands formed complex imprints, and a light blue formation appeared beneath the group. It was a Spirit Gathering Formation that allowed those within to rapidly replenish their internal energy. At the same time, blue runes floated in the air around them. The formations created by them could weaken the enemy’s attack, strengthen friendly skills, and also had some other effects. However, her expression quickly changed, because with her current cultivation, she was unable to sustain such a tremendous amount of energy output.

Just then, a hand pressed against her back. An abundant source of power began flowing into her. She saw that it was actually Yun Jianyue! While she was surprised, she still nodded in gratitude.

“Don’t be distracted,” Yun Jianyue said seriously. At the same time, she reluctantly looked at Yan Xuehen. At that moment, her dress and beautiful hair fluttered in the air. She looked like a goddess of ice.

Hmph, I guess you have your time to shine now. Should I study a bit about formations myself too…

…

Qiu Honglei quickly rushed over to Jing Teng’s side to supply her with ki and support the black tortoise. Chu Chuyan and Pei Mianman followed suit and also pressed their hands against Jing Teng’s body. Even though they didn’t really like each other, before such a great enemy, none of them would be foolish enough to engage in internal strife now.

The Ghost King was a bit stupefied. These women had looked as if they were about to devour each other a moment before, and yet now, they didn’t even need to discuss anything before tacitly working together. wasn’t there something wrong here? He was starting to feel incredibly annoyed. Countless skulls appeared from the dark mist. They opened their large mouths at the same time to release an even more frightening Demonic Voice of the Ghost King.

Soon after, the formations Xie Daoyun set up began to crack apart. The icicle formation that Yan Xuehen created also began wavering. Jing Teng’s black tortoise barrier started to fracture, as if it could shatter at any moment.

The expressions of all the women turned grave. Fine sweat appeared on their brows. They could only continue to hold on, but the difference between the sides was too great. If not for Jing Teng’s miraculous formation serving as their main source of strength, they definitely wouldn’t be a match for the Ghost King even when added together.

Suddenly, a figure near them flashed; Zu An rushed out of the formation.

The women’s expressions changed. How terrifying was the Demonic Voice of the Ghost King? If someone left the protection, their soul could be immediately sucked away!

Only Yan Xuehen and Yun Jianyue remained rather calm. After all, they had seen Zu An fight against individuals on a similar level to the Ghost King in the past.

Sure enough, when the Ghost King saw Zu An charge out, he sneered. Then, countless skulls aimed their roars at Zu An. Terrifying waves of shrill noises filled the air.

Suddenly, a clear bird cry resounded from behind Zu An. At the same time, a massive bird flew up above his head. It was Hundredwarble, which excelled at dealing with soul attacks. However, the Ghost King’s Demonic Voice of the Ghost King was too strong. Right now, Zu An’s cultivation was still significantly inferior, so it couldn't counterattack and could only barely defend Zu An’s soul.

Zu An had been worried that Hundredwarble alone wouldn’t be enough to protect him, so he had gripped the Tai’e Sword tightly, preparing to use it in a similar way as Zhao Han’s Human Emperor Seal to protect himself. Now that Hundredwarble had proven to be reliable, the Tai’e Sword could be used solely for offense. As soon as he willed it, the Tai’e Sword released its domain. He activated the power of this divine weapon with everything he had. A resplendent sword strike that resembled a stellar river immediately sliced the Ghost King’s black mist in half.

The Ghost King hadn’t expected Zu An to not be afraid of his Demonic Voice of the Ghost King at all. Furthemore, the moment the Tai’e Sword’s domain of power was unleashed, he was affected as well, causing him to blank out. Even though with his cultivation, he was able to recover a second later, Zu An’s sword strike had already arrived.

The Rune Weapon Chart created a copy, and with the Tai’e Sword’s power, even the Ghost King took a blow. However, Zu An didn’t feel happy about that at all, because he noticed that the two clumps of black mist quickly merged again, reforming into the ghost face.

The Ghost King’s ear-splitting voice resounded, saying, “I have to admit that your strength is quite exceptional, kid. However, you have no way of killing me at all. I have an indestructible body, hahaha!” As he laughed, all of the black mist expanded. Skulls surrounded by black mist flew everywhere, filling every inch of the tomb almost instantly.

Zu An’s expression darkened. He recalled the intelligence he had gotten from Hidden Dragon and Phoenix Chick. The Ghost King had immunity against physical and elemental attacks. Testing it out revealed that that did indeed seem to be the case. How was he supposed to fight, then?

Just then, several dozen skulls surrounded him. They all opened their mouths to tear at his flesh. However, sword radiance erupted from Zu An’s hand, smashing the skulls apart one after another.

Despite that, as soon as they were destroyed, even more skulls rushed over. At the same time, the black mist seemed to begin invading his body in a strange manner. Of course, against the purification of the Primordial Origin Sutra, it was quickly eliminated.

The Ghost King seemed just as shocked as Zu An, exclaiming, “Hm? Why are you able to stop my attacks?”

The attacks of those skulls seemed simple, but they held power that was at the peak of this world. How could ordinary cultivators possibly stop them? Even someone as strong as Wang Youjun probably couldn't block many of them before he was ripped apart by the skulls’ terrifying power.

We aren’t even within the same magnitude of strength, so how can he endure my power?

This pretty boy looks all weak and helpless, but he was able to stop so many attacks without any major issues?Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

This youngster’s body is like a black hole that can absorb my attacks. How can my attacks be so easily absorbed, though?

He had wanted to seize the chance to send his power into Zu An’s body, but he hadn’t expected that power to just disappear after it invaded Zu An.

Just what kind of madness is this? There’s actually such a marvel as this kid in this world?