Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 52: Loan Sharks

Translator: Pika

Zu An finished spending all of his Rage points on the lottery, but failed to get anything new. It was all either ‘Thanks for playing’ or Ki Fruits.

In the end, his loot consisted of fifty-five Ki Fruits, a bottle of Faith in Brother Spring, and a Fortune Pill. With the additional data, he could reliably state the probability of a Ki Fruit appearing as roughly one in ten. It would appear that his luck had not been great previously.

With no more Rage points to spend, he secretly swallowed all of the Ki Fruits one after another and watched as the first formation inside his muscles slowly filled up with golden specks. By the time he ate the fifty-fifth Ki Fruit, his first formation was already full, and some golden specks had appeared in his second formation too.

“It looks like it really obeys the Fibonacci sequence,” Zu An muttered to himself.

Based on the Fibonacci sequence, the previous number was 34, which meant that the current number should be 55. The results matched his hypothesis.

The additional bunch of golden specks in his second formation was actually the additional ki he had accrued from accidentally crashing into the wall while testing out Grandgale.

According to the rules of the Fibonacci sequence, and accounting for the probability of drawing Ki Fruits, he would need at least 89,000 Rage points in order to clear the second formation. This was really a huge pain to deal with.

Why is it that other cultivators have it easy while I have to struggle so hard to raise my cultivation through every step?

However, looking from another perspective, the other cultivators had to work through a mountain of cultivation resources and also study day in and day out before they finally reached their current levels. It seemed he had no grounds to complain.

The day’s events had given him a rough grasp of the hierarchy inside Brightmoon Academy. Those who had reached the fifth rank were considered true prodigies, even at a national level. Only a few of them fit into this category, and so far, the only ones he knew about were his wife, Pei Mianman, and that Yuan Wendong he’d met earlier.

Just below them were those who had reached the fourth rank. They were also fairly respected in the academy, and there weren’t many of them around either. Most of them had decent talent and considerable background.

The students in the Earth class and Black class were mostly at the third rank, though some were still below that rank.

As for the Yellow class, who boasted the greatest number of students of the entire academy, merely being at the second rank was more than enough for one to become the class bully.

Judging by this standard, Zu An was, at his current level, an average student in the academy. Realizing this made him feel much better about himself.

He had ended up spending the whole boring afternoon class entertaining himself by drawing the lottery. As soon as the class was over, a horde of students charged out of the classroom toward the academy’s gates, eager to leave that hellhole as soon as possible.

Clearly, he wasn’t the only one who found the class sheer torture.

Wei Suo was no exception. “Boss, see you tomorrow~” he threw over his shoulder as he dashed off. Within moments, he had vanished from view.

This familiar scene reminded Zu An of his previous life, where the final school bell of the day would invariably trigger a stampede of students. To be honest, he was starting to miss it a little.

Zu An slowly packed up his stuff, relishing the changes in his body after his most recent breakthrough. Right now, he should wield the strength equivalent to 143 adult men. Such strength should be sufficient to knock out an elephant from his previous world in one hit.

Even at the third rank, he was already this strong. He couldn’t help but wonder just how terrifying those at the eighth rank, ninth rank, or even the Masters would be.

This world is really too frightening. If a weak man were to date a strong female cultivator, he might just end up getting accidentally crushed while they are getting hot and steamy with one another. If this were to happen, he would probably suffer from low self-esteem even after being reborn into another life.

“Brother-in-law, brother-in-law~”

Raising his head, Zu An saw Chu Huanzhao waving toward him excitedly from outside the classroom. Her animated gestures made her seem more like a tomboyish girl, which was a refreshing change from her usual overly-masculine attitude.

Zu An eyed her warily. “What’s wrong?”

“What do you mean ‘what’s wrong’? We’re heading home! What else could we possibly be doing?” Chu Huanzhao immediately snapped back. “What’s with your attitude? I specially came all the way down here to find you as soon as class ended!”

“Ah, so we’re going home.” Zu An exhaled deeply in relief. He’d honestly thought that this lass had come up with another darned idea to torture him.

“I wasted a trip here yesterday because you didn’t come to class,” Chu Huanzhao grumbled. “Luckily I got my hands on you today. I have already given my mother a guarantee that I would keep an eye on you.”

Zu An was intrigued. “Didn’t your mother send Hong Xingying here for that exact reason? Where is he? I still have a score to settle with him.”

Chu Huanzhao scrunched her nose a little as she replied, “It seems he’s decided to take residence in the academy. He’s probably frightened of getting punished once he returns to the Chu Estate, so he’s seeking refuge here.”

“The academy provides lodging too?” Zu An was surprised. This was yet another similarity between Brightmoon Academy and the schools in his previous life.

“Of course,” Chu Huanzhao replied. “The Brightmoon Academy is the best academy in this region, so many students travel all the way to Brightmoon City from the nearby municipalities to enroll here. Those who live in Brightmoon City can afford to return home every day, but those from abroad don’t have that kind of luxury, and so the academy prepared lodging specifically for them. You see that building over there? Those are the dormitories.”

Chu Huanzhao pointed to the west, and he tracked her finger with his gaze. He could vaguely make out a few buildings scattered within the forest a fair distance away.

“I see,” Zu An replied, lost in thought. It might be a good idea to specially take a trip to the school dormitories one of these days. He could make a killing there, farming for Rage points.

His thoughts were interrupted by a sudden influx of Rage points. While each contribution was small, the total amount was still substantial due to the sheer quantity of them.

“What’s going on?”

Zu An scanned the area, and registered hostile gazes from many of those around them. He quickly realized what they must be seeing. Him, walking alongside Chu Huanzhao down a pathway sheltered by trees—it looked oddly picturesque.

Huh, what’s with this place evoking the atmosphere of childhood lovers?

His feelings surprised him, but he quickly shook his head to clear it. He tossed out some of the more inappropriate thoughts he was harboring, and decided to focus on earning Rage points instead. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Sister-in-law, hold my arm,” Zu An said as he offered his left hand to Chu Huanzhao.

Chu Huanzhao gave him a puzzled look. “Why?”

“We’re a family. Doesn’t linking hands with one another perfectly display the harmony of our family?” Zu An replied seriously.

Chu Huanzhao grew furious. “Do you take me for an idiot? You’re trying to take advantage of me!” she yelled angrily as she drew the Wailing Whip and flicked it toward him.

“Holy shit! If you don’t want to hold my arm, so be it. There’s no need to resort to violence!” Zu An retorted in a fluster as he dodged her whip.

Doggedly, Chu Huanzhao continued to chase him, clearly not intending to let the matter drop so easily. “I’ll kill you, you pervert!”

Those watching erupted in jubilant delight. It seemed that true justice still existed in this world.

Hah, this is what boy toys like you deserve! It ain’t that easy to win the favor of those rich women!

The chase ensued all the way to the entrance of the academy before Chu Huanzhao relented. It was not because she had found her conscience once more, but because Baldhead Lu De happened to be standing right there. His very presence created a palpable tension in the air, and those in the area feared even to speak loudly.

Even the brash Chu Huanzhao was no exception.

She stuck her tongue out at Zu An before tucking away her whip. Grabbing his sleeves, she pulled him out of the academy behind her. “Hmph! Let’s see if you dare to run your mouth again in the future. I’ll settle the score with you once we get home!”

Lu De scanned the crowd with sharp, hawk-like eyes, on the hunt for potential troublemakers to confront before they committed their mischief. As his eyes fell upon the duo holding on to one another, he gave a sudden jerk.

What’s going on with the Chu clan? Are they really planning on having the two sisters share a husband?

While such a thing wasn’t unheard of in this world, it usually only happened if the man in question was overwhelmingly outstanding. Zu An, however, was a notorious wastrel in Brightmoon City, so how could he be worthy of such an arrangement?

Even the Second Miss of the Chu clan alone, though less eligible than her illustrious older sister, was so far out of Zu An’s league. How he could ever hope to live up to the pair of them together was a mystery.

Oblivious to Lu De’s considering stare, Zu An walked out of the academy and found Cheng Shouping waving excitedly toward him. “Young master, young master~”

“You have been waiting here for me all day long?” Zu An felt his heart warm. Cheng Shouping had barely slept a wink the night before in order to copy the family rules for him, yet he had still chosen to wait patiently at the academy’s entrance for him today. What loyalty!

“No no, I went back to get some sleep first before coming back here. I’m flattered by your concern, young master,” Cheng Shouping replied with a bright smile. “Hm? Young miss, you’re here too?”

“Mm,” Chu Huanzhao acknowledged him with a perfunctory grunt. Her own servant, who had been waiting outside for her, quickly led a stallion over for her. While Zu An was a poor judge of horseflesh, this stallion still looked like a fine specimen to his untrained eyes.

The Chu clan really doesn’t horse around.

“Hm? Where’s your horse?” Chu Huanzhao looked around in confusion.

That question left Zu An in an awkward spot, and Cheng Shouping answered her in his stead. “The young master and I walked here this morning.”

Chu Huanzhao’s frown deepened. “Why didn’t the servants in the estate assign a horse to you?”

Isn’t the reason blindingly obvious, even to you? Cheng Shouping retorted in his mind. Despite this, he was a little surprised to see that the young master was on fairly good terms with the Second Miss.

Chu Huanzhao pondered for a moment. She passed the reins of her stallion back to her servant and told Zu An, “I’ll walk with you. It just so happens that I want to stretch my limbs a little.”

“Actually, I don’t mind sharing a ride with you,” replied Zu An.

Cheng Shouping’s face immediately drained of color. The Second Miss was known for her legendary temper. It seemed Zu An was going to suffer the agony of the Wailing Whip for his brazen comment.

“Beat it!” Unexpectedly, Chu Huanzhao berated him but showed no further sign of anger.

Cheng Shouping blinked his eyes rapidly. Am I dreaming? Why does it feel like something is amiss here?

A mocking voice cut through the air. “Hoh, you’re finally out.”

Zu An looked toward the source of the voice. A man with a scar on his face was leaning against a tree, looking at them. Who else could it be but Plum Blossom Thirteen?

“Has no one told you that your smile is a little crooked?”

You have successfully trolled Plum Blossom Thirteen for 178 Rage points!

Plum Blossom Thirteen’s smile froze in place. He spat coldly, “Hah, a sharp tongue is all you have! I’m here to remind you that another day has passed, and it’s almost time for you to repay your debt. If you can’t fork out the money by then, I’ll be chopping both of your hands off.”

“You owe him money?” Chu Huanzhao stared at Zu An, her eyes wide with shock.

Zu An nodded. Yet again he berated that dead fellow who had gotten him into this huge mess.

Chu Huanzhao retrieved her money purse. “How much does he owe you? I’ll repay his debt.”

Plum Blossom Thirteen was astonished. Is this wastrel doing so well that even this pretty lass is taking the initiative to repay his debt?

To her, he replied, “He owes me one thousand silver taels.”

Chu Huanzhao gasped. She placed her purse back into her robe and slowly took a step back. “Pretend as though I hadn’t said a thing at all.”

Zu An eyed Chu Huanzhao in disdain. This lass keeps trying to show off, but in the end, she never has the money to back up her bragging. It was the same back at the cafeteria, too.