Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 58: She’s Lusting After My Body

Translator: Pika

Chu Chuyan had planned to order the servants to prepare a carriage, but Zu An stopped her. In his mind, a moonlit stroll was just what they needed to nurture their feelings for one another. It wouldn’t be as romantic on a carriage, especially since the journey would be awfully short.

Chu Chuyan didn’t insist on the carriage, so the two of them walked out onto the streets together.

It didn’t take long for them to draw the attention of the passers-by, though it was mostly due to Chu Chuyan. A woman with an appearance and disposition like hers was always the center of attention no matter where she went.

Snow, with her adorable face accentuated by her little ponytail, captured her fair share of admiring glances as well.

As for Zu An, he was more or less just a sidekick meant to highlight the two beauties. Of course, the man himself vehemently disagreed with that opinion. He was sure his handsome features and roguish charm would catch the eye of any woman present.

“Look, look! That’s the First Miss of the Chu clan!”

“Oh my, she’s really as beautiful as a fairy!”

“That maid standing next to her looks sweet too. She is much more beautiful than most young misses from other prominent clans!”

“Of course! How can someone subpar be worthy of serving Miss Chu?”

“Oh? How would you justify that toad standing by her side then?”

“Ah, that fellow must be the notoriously useless drafted son-in-law of the Chu clan. Just look at his oily face! It’s obvious that he’s no good.”

“Miss Chu is pretty, but I must say that she doesn’t have an eye for people.”

“Are you saying that the son-in-law chosen by the Chu clan is no match for you?”

“Huh? Even I would beat that fellow with ease!”

...

Zu An was offended by the jarring comments coming from the onlookers.

You’re the toad, your whole family are toads!

In order to further disgust those badmouthing him, he stuck closer to Chu Chuyan, giving the appearance that they were very intimate with one another.

As expected, his move was rewarded by a tidal wave of Rage points.

Hahahahahaha! Envy me more! I hope all of you die of envy!

Zu An’s heart blossomed with happiness. Wealth and a beautiful wife were meant to be flaunted. He would be letting down all of his haters if he failed to put his excellent resources to use to earn some additional Rage points!

“Did you bring me out on a walk just to satisfy your shallow pride?” Chu Chuyan saw through Zu An’s intentions right away, and regretted her choice to walk with him. How was she to know that he’d had such plans in mind?

Zu An smiled back at her. “Of course not. I’m just trying to nurture our feelings for one another.”

Chu Chuyan resisted the urge to roll her eyes.

Behind them, Snow cleared her throat noisily. “What kind of feelings could possibly be nurtured between you and our young miss? Stop putting yourself on a pedestal!”

Zu An had grown accustomed to Snow’s poisonous tongue. He let her remarks slide right off, and rebuked her mercilessly, “Your masters are speaking over here. Servants should know when to excuse themselves.”

You have successfully trolled Qiao Xueying for 300 Rage points!

“You!!!” Snow pointed a finger at Zu An furiously. You are really forcing me to use my trump card, huh? “I guess heaven gave you a big mouth to compensate for what you lack below.”

She made a big show of staring pitifully at his crotch.

Surprisingly, Zu An was unfazed. “Regardless of whether I’m lacking or not, it doesn’t change the fact that I’m the first man who saw and touched your body.”

You have successfully trolled Qiao Xueying for 999 Rage points!

Snow couldn’t fathom how this man could be so thick-skinned. Even while he was talking about her body, he wasn’t the least bit embarrassed.

Chu Chuyan’s patience snapped. “Enough! Don’t the two of you find it embarrassing, talking about such matters on the street?”

In unison, the two of them turned their faces away from each other and sniffed dismissively.

Their synchronised movements left Chu Chuyan with the ridiculous thought that these two were in fact the real couple, and she was no more than a third wheel.

She quickly evicted the thought from her mind. “Speaking of which, I heard that you killed dozens of Assrip Wolves?”

Zu An was surprised to hear that. “Where did you hear that from?”

“Huanzhao told me about it. She was so triumphant that it almost looked like she was boasting about something incredible.”

Recalling the excited look on her younger sister’s face, Chu Chuyan’s lips curled up into a brilliant smile, the first crack of spring revealing itself after an eternal winter. All of the men watching her at that very moment fell into a daze.

“Of course. Your hubby is no longer the same person as he used to be. I’ll let you know that I’m quite a formidable figure now!” Zu An replied with a proud expression that was practically screaming to be fed with more and more praise.

Snow burst into laughter. This fellow just can’t stop his bragging, huh?

Chu Chuyan, on the other hand, dismissed Zu An’s words. She was all too familiar with his proclivity toward boasting. Ji Xiaoxi had probably come up with a white lie to save him from the quandary he was in. Most likely, those Assrip Wolves had already been knocked out by Ji Xiaoxi’s poison before the two of them moved in for the kill.

“Since we’re on this topic, how did you get acquainted with Pei Mianman?”

This was the greatest mystery she had yet to solve. Pei Mianman was not the sort to offer her help to this sort of fellow.

“Naturally, she was charmed by my looks. She fell in love with me at first sight and lusted after my body!” Zu An couldn’t possibly mention their encounter in Chu Chuyan’s chambers, so he simply came up with something on the spot.

You have successfully trolled Qiao Xueying for 99 Rage points!

You have successfully trolled Passerby A for 99 Rage points!

You have successfully trolled Passerby B for 99 Rage points!

You have successfully trolled Passerby C for 99 Rage points!

...

Snow and some other passers-by muttered curses under their breath at his brazen pronouncement.

Chu Chuyan was also rendered speechless by Zu An’s shamelessness. She was more inclined to believe that Pei Mianman had helped him out of respect for their friendship. However, even with that explanation, there was still one more matter that didn’t make sense.

“I heard that, during the confrontation at the academy, you mentioned some night that the two of you had in common. What happened?”

Zu An hesitated. “I’m afraid that you won’t believe me.”

Chu Chuyan replied calmly, “How would you know that if you don’t give it a try?”

Hearing that, Zu An sighed deeply and said, “That night, we were tightly entwined together, and were rolling all over the floor. She doesn’t want others to know about that.”

Chu Chuyan’s expression turned frosty in an instant. “I really don’t like how you spout lies one after another so easily. Does it hurt you to speak the truth for once? It’s one thing for you to run your mouth in front of me, but if Pei Mianman were to hear those words, you can be sure that she’d kill you in a heartbeat.”

You have successfully trolled Chu Chuyan for 99 Rage points!

After berating him soundly, Chu Chuyan walked ahead, a winter storm brewing on her face. Seeing that her young miss had lost her temper, Snow quickly rushed forward to grab Chu Chuyan’s arm, then turned around to direct a triumphant smile at Zu An.

Zu An could only sigh deeply to himself. I told you that you wouldn’t believe it. Just what is wrong with this world? Everyone takes my lies at face value, only to doubt all of the truths I reveal! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

That aside, it sure was difficult to earn his wife’s Rage points. Despite hinting at an extramarital affair, she only deigned to give him ninety-nine Rage points. What a scrooge! Perhaps she had really been born as a glacier.

Lost in thought, Zu An failed to notice that the two women had already gotten far ahead of him. He rushed to catch up with them.

It took a while before Chu Chuyan’s expression finally softened. She hesitated, then asked, “Are you not having a good time at the Chu Estate?”

Her question surprised Zu An. “Why would you ask that?”

“I heard that you’re planning to buy a residence outside,” Chu Chuyan answered.

Zu An felt something snap.

That darned bastard Cheng Shouping! He promised me to keep it a secret, but he still ended up rambling all about it to the entire world! I was still feeling guilty for forgetting to bring him out together with me, especially since I did promise to help him get together with Snow.

But now? Eat shit, you twat!

“Nah, I’m just a little interested in the property market,” Zu An replied sheepishly. He needed her help for what was going to happen later, and it wouldn’t do for him to anger her now.

Chu Chuyan replied with a nod, then fell silent once more. Just like that, the group of three trudged down the streets with nary a word between them.

With nothing to occupy him, Zu An looked around and noticed that many of the passers-by taking second and even third glances at Chu Chuyan, some of their gazes lingering on even after she had passed by. Yet more signs that his wife’s graceful figure and beautiful appearance were almost universally attractive.

Finally, the three of them arrived at the entrance of a resplendent-looking business. Zu An turned to Chu Chuyan and said, “We’re here.”

There was a constant flow of traffic in and out of the front entrance, a testimony to how well the business was doing.

Chu Chuyan glanced at the plaque above the entrance, on which the words ‘Silverhook Casino’ were elegantly carved, and her face darkened a little. “You brought me to a gambling den?”

Zu An nodded. “Indeed.”

He had heard out that the Plum Blossom Sect was the largest underworld organization in Brightmoon City. Their sources of income included protection fees from the nearby stores, as well as high-interest loans, but their most lucrative business was none other than their casino.

Money was the foundation of all organizations, and most conflicts stemmed from disagreements over money. Since the Chu clan was unable to utilize its authority to resolve his problem, he planned to wage an economic war against the Plum Blossom Sect by ruining their key source of income. That would cripple the Plum Blossom Sect.

However, such a course of action risked severe backlash from the Plum Blossom Sect. If he went too far, they might be left with nothing to lose. In their desperation, it was very likely that they would make an outright attempt on his life. Chu Chuyan was here to act as insurance in that scenario.

Given Chu Chuyan’s rank five cultivation and her identity as the First Miss of the Chu clan, the Plum Blossom Sect wouldn’t dare to act too recklessly.

It was true that the Chu clan’s hands were tied on many matters, but any attempt to harm one of their family members would bring down the wrath of the clan’s military might. By that point, even if this matter were to be brought before the royal court, the Chu clan would have nothing to fear.

Of course, all of Zu An’s planning would be for naught if Chu Chuyan refused to cooperate with him. Her face had darkened even further. “Don’t you know that our Chu clan strictly forbids its clan members from engaging in gambling?”

“Does it? Why?” Zu An feigned ignorance.

That the Chu clan even had such a rule baffled him. While he knew some noble clans that were very firm on their discipline, none had ever gone to the extent of forbidding gambling outright.

Chu Chuyan answered him calmly. “Our Chu clan had a patriarch who was obsessed with gambling, and nearly gambled the clan’s fortunes away. It took many generations of wise leadership and diligence before the Chu clan finally built itself back up. Despite that, our businesses and our fief are still less than half of what they used to be. If not for that one misstep, the Chu clan would have been the only dominant power in Brightmoon City.”

Zu An nodded in understanding. The four major noble clans in Brightmoon City consisted of the Chu clan, the Zheng clan, the Yuan clan, and the Wang clan. The Zheng clan dealt in salt, silk, and potteries; the Yuan clan specialized in the arms trade; the Wang clan had taverns and was mostly involved in food industries.

While none of them held as high of a noble position as the Chu clan, each of them was comparable in terms of fortune.

The Yu clan’s base of operations wasn’t in Brightmoon City, and so they were not taken into account.

From Chu Chuyan’s explanation, Zu An finally understood that many of the industries that were now taken up by the other clans used to be monopolized by the Chu clan. The history of the Chu clan was quite illustrious after all.

“So, the Chu clan inscribed it into their family rules that no offspring of the Chu clan is allowed to gamble. While you aren’t strictly considered an offspring of the Chu clan, you’re still my husband in name. Needless to say, you need to abide by this rule as well.”

A husband in name is still a husband; do you need to emphasize on ‘in name’ that much? Zu An retorted silently.

That being said, he had predicted this situation beforehand, and had prepared a response. “That’s all well and good, but I’m not here to gamble. I was forced into a corner, and I have no choice but to retaliate in order to protect myself. I believe that the Chu clan doesn’t have a family rule that forbids us from fighting back when an enemy has us surrounded, right?”