Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 914: Screwed

Zu An didn’t panic in the slightest. He looked at King Qi with a smile on his face even as a group of vicious guards stormed in to arrest him.

King Qi frowned. In the end, he gestured for his guards to withdraw, remarking, “You don’t seem to be scared at all.”

Zu An chuckled and replied, “What is there to be scared of? I’m investigating this case on imperial orders. If the king has me executed, you’ll be publicly going against the emperor. If that happens, even the officials who support your respected self will have no choice but to cut ties with you.”

King Qi harrumphed, saying, “I have more than enough ways to kill you if I want to. If I told my brother emperor what you just said, if I said that you were trying to incite disharmony between us brothers, he would kill you.”

Zu An sighed as he said, “I’ll definitely refute it if we aren’t in this room. I’ll tell his majesty that it was because I found out the truth about the concubine case that you framed me; who do you think his majesty will believe? Are your brotherly feelings reliable?”

King Qi was stunned, but then he roared with laughter. “Hahaha! You are shameless enough after all! I’m actually in awe.”

Zu An also sighed in relief. Even though he had been confident that King Qi wouldn’t become hostile, who knew if King Qi might do something crazy out of a moment of rashness. He said, “The king is someone intelligent as well, so I won’t beat around the bush. I don’t want to follow in Sang Hong’s footsteps, so that’s why I came to form an alliance with your respected self. We’ll each take what we need, and we’ll both benefit.”

“If you really want to form an alliance, why are you still going back to report on the case to his majesty?” King Qi sneered.

Zu An sighed and said, “I’m sure your respected self knows just how paranoid his majesty is. He has also already issued the ultimatum that if I don’t figure out the truth, I’ll be banished. I really have no choice. But by letting your respected self know, with your knowledge and resources, I believe you’ll naturally have a way of dealing with it.”

“You are a smart person after all. No wonder you were able to live for so long.” King Qi sighed in amazement and said, “Fine, I approve of this alliance!”

Zu An smiled and said, “I hope we’ll work well together!”

“Likewise!” King Qi’s eyes flickered with light, not revealing his true thoughts.

After Zu An left, Madam Qi walked out of a secret room behind a bookshelf and asked, “My king, why did you trust him so easily?”

King Qi’s smile was already nowhere to be seen. He replied, “Trust? How can it be that easy?”

“Did his majesty send him here to approach us on purpose?” Madam Qi frowned and asked, “Should we send someone to leak the information to his majesty to see his reaction?”

“No.” King Qi shook his head. “If he really is a double-crosser, then I’ll instead lose a useful chess piece by letting the emperor know.”

“But what if he harbors ulterior motives?” Madam Qi asked, concerned.

King Qi said with a smile, “He’ll have to convince me with more than just words. I’ll eventually make him clearly express his intent. Once there’s a beginning, he’ll slowly fall into the trap bit by bit, until he can’t screw… Ahem, can’t get off that boat anymore.”

Madam Qi sighed in relief, but replied, “But I don’t like him! Just the thought that he might become one of your important ministers in the future gives me an uncomfortable feeling. Zhi’er’s legs still haven’t healed fully after being smashed by him!”

King Qi coldly said, “Don’t worry, I’m merely using him. Once he loses his value, I’ll make him understand the price of his arrogance toward Zhi’er.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Madam Qi finally smiled and said, “My king is wise and farsighted after all.”

…

Zu An continued all the way to the imperial palace. His mood was especially good. He had finished the case, and spent a great night with Zheng Dan. He had even officially formed an alliance with King Qi in the morning. Everything was looking good!

As for whether or not King Qi would really tell the emperor, he wasn’t worried at all. On the contrary, he had a mission to hand King Qi the fake manual. What could the emperor say if he said that he was only getting close to King Qi to give him the manual?

Zu An didn’t choose to completely trust King Qi either. They were only using each other. The fake manual the emperor had given him was the greatest gift he was going to prepare.

The emperor had already begun the court session by the time he arrived at the palace. Zu An wouldn’t be so stupid as to wait outside the study, so he went straight to the Eastern Palace. He paid the crown prince a visit first. The crown prince wanted to have some fun with Zu An, and only with great difficulty did Zu An appease him before visiting the crown princess.

“So it was Sir Zu! It’s been so long, and yet this is the first time you’re visiting our Eastern Palace in some time. It looks like you’ve become incredibly busy after you were promoted to the viscount rank.” Bi Linglong sat upright in front of her desk, kneading her sleeves with one hand and writing something on the desk with her other hand. She appeared to be drawing something, and she was so focused that she didn’t even raise her head.

The maid Rong Mo gave her a look of shock. After all, the crown princess always conducted herself properly, and she spoke to her subordinates with power and grace. She had never publicly acted like this in front of another! Hmph, it must be that this Zu An was too annoying after all.

Sensing the strong resentment in her voice, Zu An thought to himself, Is she blaming me for not being around here these past few days? But he couldn’t really voice those thoughts out loud with so many people watching. He could only explain, “His majesty ordered me to investigate the drowning of King Qi’s concubine…”

Bi Linglong cut him off and said, “Oh, I almost forgot. In the emperor’s eyes, Sir Zu is now a rising star.”

Rong Mo also stared at Zu An with wide eyes. This man is actually using his majesty against the crown princess? You really are despicable!

Zu An was speechless. Come on, they may not know anything, but what are you doing? How could I possibly be in cahoots with the emperor?

He coughed and said, “Ahem, I wasn’t around because I wanted to be able to help the crown princess again as quickly as possible. I devoted myself to work and didn’t dare to delay it, and in the end, I actually found out some information.”

Bi Linglong finally raised her head. Her beautiful eyes carried a hint of curiosity as she asked, “You actually found out something?”

Zu An was about to say something, but then he hesitated. He looked around and said, “This has to do with King Qi, and this matter is confidential…” His intentions were clear; no one else could listen in on this.

Bi Linglong waved her hand and said, “Momo, you can all leave for now.” She really couldn’t talk with Zu An too much in private normally, but she had a sufficient reason now. It didn’t matter even if the emperor learned of this.

Rong Mo left while pouting. The crown princess really has changed. Even I, her personal maid, can’t listen to this, and she seems to be a bit closer to Zu An now…

She was suddenly horrified. This bootlicking bastard was actually fighting me for the crown princess’ attention this entire time? She didn’t suspect anything else. After all, just the thought of the crown princess developing romantic feelings for anyone was just too absurd.

Only when the door closed did Bi Linglong ask, “What exactly hap… Ah…” Then, she let out a loud and clear noise. Her face was completely red, and she had to forcefully suppress her cry of alarm. She turned around and glared at Zu An angrily, exclaiming “What are you doing?!”

Zu An pulled back his hand. “It’s your fault for making it so hard on me. You knew there was no way the emperor and I…” They were still in the imperial palace after all, so there were many things he didn’t have to say too explicitly.

Bi Linglong frowned. “I already said things would go back to normal once we return to the dungeon. You can’t disrespect me like…” She was pulled into Zu An’s arms before she even finished speaking. Then, her red lips were plugged up. “Mmm… Mmm…”

Bi Linglong hadn’t thought he would be so daring! She subconsciously pushed him away, but his hands were like clamps. She couldn’t get away even after pushing several times. In the end, she could only give up. He’s too forceful!

Someone like her who had been born in and molded by all types of etiquette now had a completely new kind of experience. Different memories from the dungeon appeared in her mind. She felt overcome with bliss. She slowly closed her eyes, and gently received him.

Suddenly, she sniffed. Her eyes opened wide, and she pushed him away. Her expression became completely cold as she exclaimed, “Sir Zu, you came to make fun of me right after you came out of someone else’s bed? Who do you treat me as?!”

You have successfully trolled Bi Linglong for +444 +444 +444…