Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1034 1034. Doubts

Noah crossed the dimensional tunnel for the first time in centuries. He barely knew about the laws back then, but his eyes and mind could see them now.

There were no laws in the void. The trio leaked them as if it was a natural occurrence in that environment, and they dispersed once they crossed the ethereal walls of the tunnel.

Noah and the Demons could wield the laws, but they appeared unable to contain them when exposed to that blackness. They concluded that only gods could cross the void without being affected by its properties. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

After all, they were only borrowing true meanings that existed in nature. They didn’t produce them, and their individualities were too weak to contain them inside their centers of power.

That experience was new even for the Demons, and the group silently agreed to quicken their pace to avoid any problem.

A starry sky appeared in their vision when they crossed the exit. The various forces had dug the volcano away and built a fortress that protected the dimensional tunnel in those years.

A city unfolded around the fortress. That was the center of the new world’s alien forces, so the many buildings had an orderly layout that resembled a military camp.

Many layers of protection surrounded the various quarters and progressively increased the number of defenses that the city had since they stretched till its peripheral areas. Tall walls encircled the whole settlement too, and many cultivators patrolled on top of them.

The other world had taken the colonization seriously. Noah and the Demons couldn’t help but feel amazed when they thought about the resources invested in that place.

They immediately realized that even existences on their level would find it troublesome to breach all those defenses, let alone the fortress at their center. It felt surreal staring at the wonders that the four leading organizations could do when they worked together.

"This place has better defenses than Rufus’ quarters," Flying Demon conveyed through his consciousness. The Copying Technique alone wasn’t enough to match those countless protections stacked on each other.

Noah now understood why the forces deployed in that world didn’t panic nor request help when the rank 6 hybrids rose from the sea. They didn’t fear them.

That city was the only neutral area in the other world. It worked both as a big market and as the center of the teleportation matrices connected to the landmass’s various research structures.

Ordinary cultivators would have to go through a series of procedures before being admitted to the teleportation matrices, but Noah and the Demons were far from standard experts. Mental messages flew faster than cultivators in the dimensional tunnel, so the other side’s forces already knew about their arrival.

A series of rank 4 Elders of the Hive welcomed the trio with deep bows and invitations to banquets organized in their honor. Flying Demon felt inclined to accept those offers, but Noah and his lover’s stern glances convinced him otherwise.

Their arrival created some tension among the forces deployed there, and Noah was the reason behind that event. The news of his actions above the poisonous swamp had reached the other world, and the cultivators of the Elbas family didn’t see him in a good light.

Noah had destroyed an army of heroic cultivators that featured even experts in the liquid stage. Many of them were heads of specific branches of the Royal family, while others were factions’ leaders inside that organization.

He had only needed a few minutes to ruin their future and disrupt the entire power balance inside the Elbas family. It felt only normal that many factions resented him.

However, the hateful gazes shot toward him from a distance weren’t enough to make him waste time. He had come there for June and to hunt rank 6 creatures. The resentment of those cultivators didn’t occupy his thoughts even once.

"Demon Prince," A peak rank 4 Elder of the Hive said as she kept her head lowered. "I can only describe what I’ve seen. I’m sorry that my expertise in the magical beasts’ field isn’t to your satisfaction."

Noah didn’t answer and continued to read a thick pile of sheets that described the fauna’s evolution from the Worldwide Heaven Tribulation until that day.

Thirty-seven had given him a similar report, but Noah wanted to hear it from the experts on the field too. The only problem was that the cultivator in charge at the moment had a limited cultivation level.

Noah had a significant doubt regarding the invasion of those powerful hybrids. Years had passed since the transformation, but only weak hybrids had come out of the sea before the attack.

That was normal since powerful beasts would often live far away from the landmass. Their natural habitats were the depths of the sea, where the echoes of Noah’s cry couldn’t reach.

There was a chance that a powerful creature had happened to swim near the coastline right at that moment, but that alone didn’t explain the presence of three rank 6 hybrids leading a large-scale invasion.

Noah felt that there was something else. The other world was the perfect place to actuate unorthodox and condemned experiments since the news would reach the central powers slowly. Some of them might even go missing for mysterious reasons.

’Who would even create an army of hybrids on this level?’ Noah questioned himself. Even if he found it easier to believe that experts had given birth to that pack, he couldn’t find an explanation to justify their actions.

The Demons eventually joined him in that structure. They had gone to another department that handled espionage operations and kept track of most teleportation to investigate June.

"Here," Dreaming Demon handed Noah a report containing June’s travels, and he saw that she had moved toward the other side of the landmass, right where the hybrids were resurfacing.

The report was seven years old though. June could have moved anywhere on the continent at that time.

"Do you think she is still there?" Flying Demon asked, but Noah shook his head.

"I think she went deeper into the danger zone," Noah explained as a smile appeared on his face. "A battle maniac solves problems by fighting."

"Shall we move then?" Dreaming Demon suggested without showing the slightest amount of fear. The fact that their target was inside a rank 6 danger zone didn’t make her hesitate for even a second.

"Just one last thing," Noah said before his aura spread inside the entire room and cut off any form of communication. The expert in front of him almost fainted when his mental waves reached her mind, but Noah’s piercing eyes kept her awake.

Then, his cold words reached her ears and forced her to be completely honest. "Do you think there is a rebellion brewing here?"