Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1046 1046. Brawl

Not every defensive formation inside the city was automatic. There were many protections handled by the various factions living inside it.

Only the fortress’ defenses were fully automatic. Everything else depended on how much the main world’s forces had been willing to invest in protecting the dimensional crack.

Investing less would mean having full confidence in their forces. The loopholes in the city’s protection depended on how much face the organizations were willing to lose.

Noah saw the shield disappearing and sprinted. Faint cracks appeared under his feet, and his figure became blurred once every few instants.

He didn’t complete his technique, but there were many powerful enemies in front of him. Jumping right among them could force the dark star to push his mind even further and complete the ability that he had prepared during his travel.

The armies of beasts and hybrids disregarded Noah’s oppressing aura and invaded the city. The defensive walls shone for a few seconds before crumbling, and the cores of many formations went dark when the seven leaders unleashed precise attacks on them.

The rebels had trained the rank 6 creatures well. The leaders knew exactly where to attack to inflict the highest amount of damage. Many shining buildings and lines went dark before Noah could even catch up with the packs.

Noah launched a wave of dark flames in the most crowded area near him. Countless cries echoed in the environment as a starry sky spread among the weaker beasts and killed tons of them in a few seconds.

The buildings of the city suffered too. Noah’s attacks didn’t stop at anything, and they even engulfed cultivators that had failed to retreat in time.

Noah didn’t care about the casualties at the moment. His only priority was to stop the rebels from closing the dimensional crack and isolating him in that world forever.

The leaders turned their heads toward Noah after his flames ravaged their armies, but they chose to ignore him again. They limited themselves to roar orders that forced hundreds of weaker creatures to hinder his charge.

Noah saw hundreds of hybrids using the fake "Breath" in their dantians to fly toward him. Their mental spheres resonated as they echoed their leaders’ orders, and an oppressing aura filled that part of the sky.

Noah didn’t even feel the slightest amount of danger. Those mighty creatures were nothing more than ants in his eyes.

Snore and the Demonic Sword came out and began to launch attacks toward the army. Meanwhile, Noah sprinted forward, creating large cracks in the sky and slamming directly on the hybrids on his path.

Noah couldn’t bother to dodge or attack them. Even peak rank 5 creatures would explode once his body touched theirs at that speed.

A bloody trail of body parts and internal organs followed Noah as he flew toward the leaders. There were two Seven-headed Hydras, three Steeled Octopuses, and two Giant Manatees in his sight, and he had to take care of the weakest among them in that situation.

All his knowledge of the magical beasts’ field surged, and his mind sorted those pieces of information as he flew forward. Noah understood in a few instants that the Manatees would be easier to kill, so he began launching fireballs at them.

The Demonic Sword and Snore appeared next to him and launched their attacks too. They understood Noah’s feelings, and they wanted to help him taking care of those creatures as fast as he could.

Manatees had tough bodies, and those belonging to the Giant Manatees species were even forty meters long in the sixth rank. They were slow, but they had a great defense and an incredible physical prowess.

However, they didn’t have any innate ability. Those creatures would have to face Noah in a melee battle, where he didn’t fear even the mightiest creature.

Noah crossed half city to crash directly on the first Manatee. His inscribed notebook had begun to ring as soon as the forces on the ground noticed him, but he didn’t have time to mind them.

Black smoke rose from his skin and formed a spiked armor, and a crack soon appeared on his helmet as he spread his mouth to bite the hybrid. The Manatee didn’t expect Noah to aim at it. The Hydras were closer, so they were the ideal target for someone in such a hurry.

Instead, Noah had ignored the Hydras and shot toward the Manatees while gaining a sudden acceleration. His figure had disappeared only to crash on the creature’s body!

Noah had failed to execute the technique perfectly once again, but he was getting close. The momentum accumulated in the sprint made his feet stab the creature during the landing.

His mouth went on the beast and tore a large chunk of its skin. His clawed hands then expanded the wound and dug its insides until they opened a path for its internal organs.

Noah spewed a wave of black fire, uncaring that the piece of skin fell out of his mouth in the process. The flames weren’t enough to fill the entirety of the creature’s insides, but the black cloud around him filled the empty spots and spread more destruction.

The Manatee cried in pain, and its ally came in its help, but Snore and the Demonic Sword showered the second hybrid with attacks that hindered its advance.

Of course, the Blood Companion and the living weapon couldn’t stop a rank 6 creature that relied only on its body for long. Yet, Noah only required a few seconds alone with his target to complete his hunt.

The injured Manatee tried to kick Noah away from its body, but the latter had his feet stabbed in its muscles. No matter how much it struggled, Noah wasn’t going anywhere.

Countless punches and slashes fell on the powerless leader. Noah dug the insides of the creature and exposed its vital organs. His flames and corrosive smoke followed right after, burning and consuming anything that they touched.

Smoke began to come out of the Manatee’s mouth as Noah played with its insides. Its survival instincts took control of its body and made it dive toward the ground in a desperate attempt to fend off that dangerous presence.

Yet, Noah let go of his foothold and jumped right inside its body to continue his destruction undisturbed. By the time the Manatee crashes on the ground, its heart had already ended in Noah’s space-ring.

The loyal forces on the ground gathered around the giant corpse of the fallen leaders. A rank 6 creature had died in less than a minute, and they didn’t want to miss the expert that had made such a feat possible.

Noah crawled out of the hybrid’s insides and stored its body once he stepped out in the open. His Demonic Form had disappeared, which allowed the experts to see his figure covered in blood and remains of internal organs. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

"Activate everything you can to buy me some time," Noah thought as a bad feeling filled his mind. Something told him that the fortress wasn’t as safe as Dreaming Demon had predicted.