Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1085 1085. Face

June’s spells had gained the effects of her individuality. The net around Gustavo enhanced her attacks other than damaging the giant by itself.

When June’s lightning bolt hit the net, it triggered a chain reaction that released a torrent of attacks toward the giant.

Splashes of a dark-red poison landed on the net only to shatter due to its destructive power. Lightning bolts dug the massive armor and pierced every defensive layer until they landed on the cultivators at its center.

Gustavo screamed in pain as June’s attacks crushed his body. Its survival instinct made him throw potions and pills recklessly in a desperate attempt to escape from that deadly situation. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

The giant changed color under that relentless assault. Its shades became dark-blue until they turned completely black. Then, its structure became unstable, and violent tremors ran through its fabric, making it denser.

Gustavo didn’t care about his safety anymore. When death became a possibility in his mind, he poured everything he had in the armor, uncaring of the harm that it could cause him.

A dangerous sensation rose from the back of June’s mind, and she retreated a high speed while launching multiple lightning bolts toward the net. The giant inside it became bigger as she escaped, and a smelly smoke started to come out of its figure.

An explosion occurred after a few seconds. The poisons accumulated in the armor led to a detonation that spread smelly dark drops everywhere on the battlefield.

The cultivators observing the battle had to resort to defensive measures to fend off those poisonous drops. June had to launch countless attacks since she was closer to the detonation, but a dark current engulfed her nonetheless.

The audience remained silent as the outcome of the battle unfolded in their vision. The clouds that had formed around the fighters were slowly dispersing, and no one dared to divert their eyes from them.

The first one to disperse revealed a badly injured June. Her body was a mess of bruises, missing skin, and bulging pustules. The various poisons inside the current had begun to affect her muscles, but the pulsating Perfect Circuit kept them away from her insides.

Then, Gustavo’s cloud dispersed, revealing a humanoid figure covered by a smelly liquid.

The cultivators at the battlefield’s borders took a while to understand Gustavo’s condition, and they shook their heads when they realized how far gone he was.

His body had fused with the poison, and it took all his mental energy to prevent it from crumbling. Still, dense drops fell from his figure, showing how even that effort was pointless.

Gustavo pointed his arm toward June, but his hand melted and fell during the process. A confused expression appeared on his monstrous face. It seemed that he had yet to realize how injured he was.

A thick lightning bolt suddenly pierced his chest and made what remained of his body explode. June didn’t hesitate to deliver the finishing blow since she was desperate to end that battle and rest.

The Elders of the alliance cheered. June had won, adding another victory to the invading side. Unsightly expressions appeared on the Royals while Andrew picked his inscribed notebook to respect the terms of the battle.

A few seconds had to pass before he announced the results. "From this moment onward, the Ballor family doesn’t belong to the Elbas family anymore. It is free to emigrate..."

Andrew glanced at June as he interrupted his line, and she mustered her strength to complete it. "It will emigrate toward the Hive."

The Elders of the Hive cheered, and the Demons stepped forward to help June. Her life wasn’t in danger, but she needed to rest immediately to avoid worsening her injuries.

The matter appeared to be over, and everyone relaxed as they started to discuss who would fight next. Yet, a heavy aura spread on the battlefield, and the experts slowly turned toward the origin of that pressure.

A silver-haired cultivator wearing a shining golden robe had appeared above them. He stared at the battlefield while wearing a confident smile, and his eyes darted between the allied and enemy troops.

His aura revealed his status as a powerhouse, and the small crown on his head hinted that he was important even among rank 6 cultivators. His facial features resembled the other silver-haired experts, but he had a red mark in the middle of his forehead that differentiated him from them.

"Second Prince!" Andrew shouted in a solemn tone as he kneeled in the air. The other Royals quickly followed his example, and welcoming cries echoed as all the members of the Elbas family fell on one knee.

Flying Demon and Dreaming Demon’s eyes sharpened at that sight. They had heard that name when they had invaded the old Royal Academy, but the fame of that powerhouse didn’t stop there.

When the invasion started, the Elbas family had revealed its new five powerhouses. They appeared to be twins with identical cultivation levels who imitated King Elbas in both power and expertise.

Nevertheless, Second Prince was different. He had already made some progress inside the lower stage of the sixth rank, and his appearance was more eccentric than his brothers and sisters.

Moreover, he had been in charge of defending Divine Market city during the invasion. Great Elder Diana had fought him, and she described him as a canny mind and a great strategist, other than a true master in making use of defensive formations.

His appearance there was unexpected. After all, the alliance could quickly make use of teleportation matrices to change their target. Yet, everything had happened too suddenly, so the troops had to reorganize before moving into the now defenseless territory.

Chasing Demon and the others were in the middle of a battle too. The troops had to wait for them to be over before moving.

"I didn’t know we let traitors escape freely," Second Prince said as his gaze stopped on the injured June. His golden eyes crossed her mental defenses and exposed her centers of power to his inspection.

"You have Father’s research too," Second Prince announced in a severe tone. "Your betrayal is older than you make it appear."

June’s eyes widened at his words, but a tremor swept her body at that point. She started to cough, and a smelly black liquid came out of her mouth as the effects of the poison intensified.

She was getting worse. Every minute spent in that condition were hours added to her recovery. Still, that was the last of her problems now that a powerhouse’s focus was on her.

"Your Highness," Andrew spoke in an attempt to justify his actions, "These are the rules of the fight. The Elbas family will lose face if we ignore them."

"You lost enough face by letting a traitor win," Second Prince said in an uncaring tone. His hand rose, and flames gathered in his palm as his eyes remained on June, but ice suddenly spread on his fingers.

The Demons arrived next to June and threw a few pills in her mouth. Some of her injuries started to close, and the bumps began to withdraw. The three of them were about to leave, but the heavy aura returned and stopped their movements.

Dreaming Demon stared at Second Prince with a confused expression. The bottle containing the pink liquid was empty. She had used her remaining reward from Shadal’s dimension to stop the powerhouse, but he had recovered in a matter of seconds.

"You used that against Ravaging Demon," Second Prince said as he shook his head to dispel the remaining effects of Dreaming Demon’s influence. "How can you expect that to work again?"

The ice on his fingers broke, and flames reappeared on his palm. They took the shape of a small snake coiled around his arm as he pointed at the trio.

He was about to launch a spell, but he quickly moved his arm to attack it somewhere next to him. An explosion occurred mid-air, and a man followed by a maimed bird, a flying blade, and a giant snake came out of it.

Behind him, the golden shields fell apart, and the ballistae crumbled under the assault of the two allied powerhouses.