Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Noah opened his eyes, stopping his cultivation.

It was dawn and he had to attend his first lesson.

A wide smile was on his face due to the results of his meditation.

’This is great! Cultivating here is way more profitable, I might reach the solid stage in less than one year at this pace.’

The density of "Breath" was high and that affected the speed at which it was absorbed in the dantian.

He had already cultivated for some months in the Dark vortex cultivation technique so his advancements in the liquid stage were not small.

Now that he lived in an environment where the "Breath" was so dense, it was no wonder that the time required for the breakthrough would diminish.

’I wonder how the concentration is at the source of the river. Well, I should probably get going, today there is the lesson about general cultivation.’

He took a bath and exited his lodging, moving toward the other side of the river.

The right area of the academy was assigned to the students while the left one was for courses and special training zones.

Along the way, Noah saw the other students of the Grayshade class walking in the same direction.

They all had radiant smiles and seemed eager to reach the building where the lesson would occur.

"This place is amazing, isn’t it?"

June appeared behind him.

She had large eyebags but her figure was brimming with excitement.

’This maniac probably trained for the whole night.’

He then realized that he had done the same thing and cursed internally.

’Why is she so friendly anyway. I’m not exactly the most approachable person in here.’

Noah rarely smiled in public and when he did that, it was a fake one.

His cold aura always accompanied him, scaring away most of those around him.

However, there seemed to be exceptions in the academy.

The Eeggi siblings spotted Noah and joined him in his walk.

They began to speak with June about the environment in the academy and their preferred courses.

However, June was quite reserved when she spoke with them, she didn’t seem too experienced in human relationships.

"What about you, Vance?"

The three turned to look at Noah when the red-haired man asked the question.

His name was Ford, Noah had learned it during their trip on the air-ship.

’Are they talking about my courses? How should I know, I barely know anything apart from the three centers of power.’ Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Noah shrugged his shoulders and gave a short answer.

"Those that increase my battle prowess."

They were a bit surprised.

June nodded and her battle intent was aroused but Ruth rebuked a bit.

"There are way more applications to the "Breath" than simply using it to fight! Inscriptions can create marvels like the flying ship and improve the daily life of everyone. Alchemy can create potions to deter magical beasts from invading the human territory! Using this wonderful energy only to cause more violence is a waste!"

Ruth seemed really invested in this topic but Noah had a different view of things.

He had already seen a technologically advanced world and the image of the King of the valley assaulting its cities formed in his mind.

’A life where all humans are forced to be similar to each other in their mediocrity is only possible in a world with no external threats. And even there, humans will find a way to create more conflicts.’

He had understood the human’s nature, his mind was broadened by the experiences of his two lives.

He continued to look in front of him toward the nearing appointed building while he answered in a cold tone.

"All those things are useless if you die due to your weakness."

Ruth was stunned by his answer but June and Ford were of a similar view.

She was about to reply when they reached the structure where their first lesson had to occur.

"This conversation is not over."

Ruth said running toward the entrance.

Her brother followed while June remained with Noah looking at the figures of the Eeggi siblings speeding in the distance.

She spoke with a soft voice while her expression became dark.

"She is so naïve."

Noah could not help but nod slightly.

The building was two-story-tall and, on the ground floor, it had a large room full of seats.

’This really resembles the universities of my previous world.’

The seats encircled a small desk where Megan Iccek was sitting.

She had her eye closed and her legs crossed, she seemed quite peaceful contrasted to her attitude when she first appeared to the students.

It took the youths a few minutes to place themselves on the chairs.

When the last one arrived, she opened her eye and stood up while speaking with a loud voice.

"Today I will do a general overview of the known information about cultivation, I believe that many of you are already aware of the topics that I will discuss."

The student’s attention was attracted and they listened quietly.

"You are all cultivators so you are aware of the three centers of power and of many of their qualities but for the sake of this lesson I need to review them."

"The sea of consciousness is a projection of your mind, it represents your mental processes and can influence any aspect of your daily life, from your thinking speed to the focus in your actions."

"The dantian is the organ that stores the "Breath" and nourishes your essence. Raising its level will increase your lifespan and empower the abilities that use it. It is also what indicates your rank as a cultivator since its effects are more evident overall."

"The body is the shell that allows you to contain that much power. Increasing its level not only will prolong your life, but it will also allow you to raise the rank of the other two centers of power. If your body is weak, it will not be able to contain the "Breath", stopping your advancements as cultivators."

"The body is also the easier center of power to train and its rank should always be the highest compared to your mind and dantian."

"However, things aren’t so easy when we talk about ranks above the third. For example, has any of you seen a rank 4 magical beast?"

Some of the students nodded and a few of them stole glances in Noah’s direction when they saw that he remained still.