Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1454 1454. Pagoda

Traveling through the Immortal Lands took years, decades, and centuries at times. The regions were vast, and each area featured dangers that took time to avoid or face.

Noah’s group had been in the magical beasts’ domain for centuries already. They had traveled as far as the beginning of the Outer Lands in that side of the Immortal Lands, but they had to go back now.

The whole human domain stood between them and their destination. The battle mentioned by Jordan was happening on the other edge of that area, and the political situation inside it was pretty messy.

Many small and big battles had happened among the various organization during the migration. Certain forces had lost their home after the invasion, and finding new ones in wasn’t easy due to how chaotic the situation was.

He lands on the opposite side of the magical beasts’ domain had remained unaffected by the invasion. That had forced the migrating organizations to fly past them to find new homes.

The event had inevitably led them to the Outer Lands. Those areas rarely had human settlements. They were the hybrids’ domain, and those existences had grown tired of changing home whenever the human side decided to move.

Noah and the others flew as quickly as possible without disregarding their safety. They avoided the Land of the Fallen and ignored the new border with the magical beasts’ domain to dive into the Outer Lands.

The group still hunted and engaged in training sessions from time to time, but they mainly focused on reaching their destination. Yet, even those relatively short breaks allowed them to grow.

Noah’s power increased steadily. His dantian expanded like never before, and his cultivation level slowly neared the halfway mark of the liquid stage. His body and mind also grew, and each step toward the last phase of the seventh rank made Noah far stronger than before.

His growth was exponential. He was more than a hybrid. The level that his centers of power could reach was immense compared to other existences. Noah was the best specimen in the entire world, which forced him to collect countless resources to improve. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

The magical beasts killed along the way gave him nutrients for his body. His spherical rune provided a constant internal pressure that forced his mind to enlarge. His dantian relied on his potential to improve, and his influence slowly expanded as his power grew.

Only one doubt remained inside his mind, and the hybrids shared the same confusion. King Elbas was still with them. The trio was flying in the Legion’s aid, and the Royal was tagging along.

"Are you planning to help the Legion?" Noah eventually asked during their flight.

"Joining? No," King Elbas replied. "Helping the Legion is the only logical path for me now. I have already offended too many forces to remain among humans."

King Elbas’ words made sense, and Noah would normally leave the matter be at that point. However, the Legion now had someone that King Elbas had to learn how to respect.

"Do you remember when you killed Chasing Demon?" Noah asked.

"Do you want to start a fight?" King Elbas answered. "I thought we silently agreed to never speak about those events again."

"I’m not doing this because I like to live in the past," Noah added. "Chasing Demon’s Master is among the Legion. He is a whimsical cultivator in the solid stage. I suggest you prepare."

King Elbas remained speechless for a second. He didn’t expect that news, and Noah had been king enough to warn him. He could prepare for the meeting now, but he didn’t know how to announce himself in front of the expert.

"Will you tell him my real identity?" King Elbas asked.

"He has already seen you through my memories," Noah replied. "Hiding is pointless. You will have to face Divine Demon alone."

The duo didn’t speak anymore for the rest of the travel. It was a silent journey when everyone knew what to do. The group had been together for so long that they didn’t need to speak to decide their approach in specific situations.

The environment changed once they reached the other edge of the human domain. The lands before had been relatively peaceful, and they didn’t feature any power struggle. However, the shockwaves that only rank 8 existences could create began to fly through the sky as the group neared their destination.

When the group began to see the Outer lands, they noticed how rank 8 existences were fighting high in the sky. The pressure radiated by their battle opened cracks on the azure terrain and created an area where no living being wanted to live.

Noah and the others didn’t have the power to understand the battle. Their eyes could barely make out what was happening high in the sky, and their consciousness couldn’t even reach the external layers of that battlefield.

The group felt forced to change direction and fly around that battlefield to search for the Legion. Jordan and Don had lived with that force for a long time, but even they couldn’t be sure about its new location.

After searching for a while, tall structures appeared in the distance. The iconic buildings of Yellnbel filled the group’s vision. The four had done it. They had completed one of the longest possible travels in the Immortal Lands.

Their arrival to Yellnbel wasn’t as warm as they expected. The hybrids in the city didn’t bother to look at the group. The battlefield was forcing them to leave, but they had another battle to fight. While the rank 8 cultivators fought on the border, the weaker troops had to join the offensive against the weaker cultivators.

The group dived into the city and quickly found a familiar face among its citizens. Ian greeted the group and launched a surprised glance toward King Elbas. She didn’t expect Noah to bring another human toward the Legion.

"You are late to the party," Ian said as a faint smile appeared on his face. "We have been fighting for years already. Come, I will show you the battlefield."

Noah and the others were quite tired from the long travel, but they didn’t hesitate to follow Ian. They didn’t need to start fighting right away, so they didn’t mind prolonging their journey by a bit.

Ian led the group deeper into the Outer Lands, in an area that featured a large six stories pagoda. A series of troops wearing robes that featured the symbol of the Monneay family encircled the building, and multiple guilds supported them from the side.

The area was a mess. Large patches of ground were still burning. Intense winds blew through the area, and destroyed golem stood on the surface. It was clear that a battle had happened not long ago.

No corpse occupied the ground. Noah didn’t understand how the battles there went, but he could guess that the Legion had to destroy that structure. Either that or killing all the troops that defended it.

A platoon of hybrids rested at some distance from the pagoda. They gazed at the building while wearing an annoyed face, and they quickly turned toward Ian and the others when they sensed their arrival.

A human suddenly stood up among that platoon. Noah recognized Divine Demon, but the expert didn’t even look at him. His eyes had fallen on King Elbas, and they had no intention to move.