Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1466 1466. White

Boss Edna had the upper hand in the fight. Divine Demon was deflecting her most deadly attacks, but he couldn’t avoid them completely.

"Why don’t you take even the other one?" Divine Demon asked as he stretched his left arm toward his giant opponent.

Boss Edna felt surprised, but she didn’t hesitate to slam her fists on Divine Demon’s arm. His limb exploded into a mess of blood, but the Demon didn’t show any reaction to that event.

"You are crazy," Boss Edna said as she joined her hands above her head and swung them downward.

Her attack was aiming for Divine Demon’s head, but the expert promptly stepped back. Boss Edna missed him, but the shockwave radiated by her blow managed to aggravate her opponent’s internal injuries. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Divine Demon spat a mouthful of blood as he retreated through the sky. Blood flowed out of his wounds, and his complexion paled as his internal injuries worsened.

Boss Edna had vast battle experience. She already wielded enough power to join one of the large organizations. She wasn’t like the other members of the guilds. Her strength was already on par with the experts inside the large forces.

Her battle experience told them that Divine Demon was trying to worsen his condition on purpose. The cultivation world had given birth to countless peculiar individualities, so that scene didn’t leave her speechless. However, some worry began to form in her mind.

The individualities could generate power from unusual procedures. Some cultivators needed to endure damage to unleash their full power, and Divine Demon appeared similar to those experts.

Boss Edna didn’t know how smart it was to keep attacking him, but she didn’t have much choice. Her law increased his physical might, so she had a limited battle style.

Divine Demon revealed a wicked smile when he saw Boss Edna charging toward him again. More metals fused with her body and increased her size, but he felt no fear at that sight.

He rejoiced at his dangerous situation. Boss Edna had the chance to kill him, and that made the battle worthwhile. If Divine Demon managed to defeat her, his law would obtain a significant boost.

When Boss Edna was about to punch Divine Demon, a current surged from under her and flung her high in the sky. More streams flew toward her giant figure, and a strange structure took form as they fused.

Boss Edna was about to leave the current when more water crashed on her and pushed her back inside Divine Demon’s spell. The other rivers converged in her position and created an azure net that forced her to swim through that entire structure.

Divine Demon closed his eyes, and his influence spread further. The metals rising toward Boss Edna suddenly stopped moving and began to transform into particles of water "Breath" that fused with the azure net.

Boss Edna could wield an immense physical strength, but Divine Demon’s currents became denser whenever she was about to escape the technique.

As the water became denser, faint white lights began to appear on the massive structure. Divine Demon was summoning his higher energy again, but he seemed unaware of those events.

The net of rivers slowly turned completely white, and Boss Edna began to suffer. Her body almost allowed her to escape from the technique. Still, that changed once the water transformed into a form of energy that she had never encountered.

"More, more!" Divine Demon shouted as he controlled all the energy provided by the world and sent it to his technique.

The structure transformed again. It took a spherical shape that made Boss Edna accelerate as they dragged her. The expert could barely more anymore, and that increase of speed only worsened her condition.

With Divine Demon in control of the flow of metal, Boss Edna found herself unable to get stronger. Still, the technique would slowly crush her if she remained inside it. She had to find a solution quickly before the waters destroyed her.

Boss Edna’s body suddenly released a surge of power that made the waters around her explode. Metals shot out of her body and gave her the chance to escape the technique. The rivers tried to envelop her again, but she left before they could touch her.

The expert dived toward the ground at that point. Divine Demon controlled most of the sky, so she needed to fly past his domain to refill her stash of metals.

Divine Demon wanted to stop her, but he suddenly lost control of his aura when he felt the urge to spit blood. His condition was getting worse, but the Demon only rejoiced at that event.

Boss Edna successfully reached the ground stabbed his hands on its surface. Her figure began to grow as the metal in the mountain fused with her body. She soon became more than ten meters tall, and her skin began to emit a humming sound that transformed the matter around her into various metals.

Boss Edna shot a hateful glance toward Divine Demon as she retracted her hands and sprinted toward her opponent. However, the sky above her suddenly darkened.

When Boss Edna looked above her, she noticed that a white sphere was falling on her. Divine Demon had condensed his previous technique and had launched it toward his opponent.

An explosion followed the impact. The whole region trembled after the power amassed by Divine Demon crashed on Boss Edna. The mountain began to shatter, and the cultivators on its peak soon had to start flying to avoid falling together with the boulders.

Boss Edna began to fall, but she quickly straightened her position and started to fly back toward the battlefield. The explosion had ripped off a large part of her skin, but she could still fight.

Yet, a series of white rivers converged on her and worsened her injuries. Divine Demon’s attacks were becoming stronger as the battle continued. It seemed that the gravity of his condition made his power increase.

Divine Demon’s law didn’t work like that. The world understood that he was about to lose, so it provided more energy to him. His attacks would become stronger since he had more fuel for them.

Boss Edna absorbed metals, punched, and did her best to return to the battlefield, but Divine Demon always launched attacks that could push her toward the debris. Her power never managed to surpass him. He was one step ahead of her in every exchange.

"I will make the challenge myself," Divine Demon said at some point. "You have a strong body, so I will cut it into two parts."

The particles of water "Breath" had created a sea around Divine Demon, but they all converged toward the wound on his right shoulder. A white arm took form, and a long sword came out of that shining limb.

Divine Demon descended toward the ruins of the mountain after he completed his arm. Boss Edna was among the large azure boulders, fighting with the many currents that tried to lock her on the ground.

Boss Edna tried to run when she noticed Divine Demon, but she couldn’t escape from the currents. Her desperate attempt to leave the area ended up getting her trapped among the Demon’s waters.

Divine Demon placed his white sword above her head and performed a simple slash. When his blade touched the ground, Boss Edna’s consciousness went dark.