Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1484 1484. Demonic Deduction

Miss Nine and the other cultivators of the Crystal City continued to drag Noah through the regions of the Immortal Lands. They flew, ignoring the fauna and avoiding any human settlement that appeared in their range.

Noah also ignored the environment. He couldn’t understand where he was, and that knowledge wouldn’t affect his priorities. His plan didn’t depend on how close he was to the Crystal City.

The many spherical runes filled with his bloodlust had never stopped modifying the Divine Deduction technique. The ability was almost ready. It only needed a few more weeks to transform.

His mind was almost at its limit, but Noah endured the internal pressure. His pain didn’t matter in that situation. He was even willing to injure his mental walls if that gave him a chance to survive that situation.

His black hole helped immensely during the process. The fourth center of power could understand how desperate Noah’s situation was and redirected all its energy toward his mind.

His ambition also helped in the matter. Noah didn’t lie when he said that Miss Nine’s concern had improved his potential. His law was forcing his mind to remain stable because it sensed Noah’s desire to defy that hopeless situation.

The travel was mostly silent. The experts didn’t speak. They limited themselves to exchange glances and shoot hateful glares at Noah.

Noah also remained silent. His focus was elsewhere. The various glares that landed on his figure couldn’t break his concentration. His whole consciousness was inside his mind, ensuring that his mental walls didn’t crumble due to the insane internal pressure.

As the group continued to fly, they eventually reached a vast plain that featured a few white buildings. Those structures had the shape of small castles, and a few troops surveilled the area.

Those experts were nothing special. They were a small platoon of gaseous stage cultivators that defended one of the many lands under the control of the Crystal City.

The cultivators performed deep bows when they saw Miss Nine and her group. They even prepared a banquet and a series of materials to help the guests cultivate and recover after the long travel.

The group remained for a few days inside those castles before setting off again. The gaseous stage cultivators flew with them and escorted the experts during their travel.

Noah had ignored that event. He opened his eyes only after he completed the modifications to his Divine Deduction technique, and a surprised gasp almost escaped his mouth when he gazed at the army.

His potential couldn’t help but increase again when he saw that his wardens’ number had increased. Still, Noah didn’t have the time to enjoy that sensation. His technique was finally complete. It was time to test its effects.

The lines of the Divine Deduction technique had become red. They ran through Noah’s mental walls and radiated a dim light that shone on his dark mental sea.

Faint violent thoughts leaked out of those lines and spread both inside and outside his mental sphere. It seemed that the forceful modification applied by his spherical runes had also changed part of the nature of his mental walls.

His dark mental energy suppressed the violent thoughts that flew inside his mind and stored them at the bottom of his mental sea. However, those leaking outside of his mental walls surrounded him with a scarlet halo that carried an intense bloodlust.

If the other experts could sense his aura, they would notice that Noah appeared more threatening now. He gave off the impression that he could attack anyone for no reason at all.

That appearance didn’t reflect his actual mindset. Noah was calm, calmer than he had ever been in his entire life. He stored the spherical runes containing his bloodlust and let his mind heal properly. Then, he began testing his new technique.

Initially, Noah tried to activate the lines through his normal mental energy, but they rejected it. They didn’t want those pure and calm thoughts. Only a power that suited their nature could flow through their structure.

Noah’s expectations increased at that sight. The steeper their requirements were, the better their effects would be once he managed to activate them. He couldn’t wait to see what those lines could produce.

His ethereal figure went to the bottom of his mental sea to pick a handful of bloodlust before flying toward the mental walls. The scarlet lines accepted that energy, and an intense red light filled the entirety of Noah’s mind after the technique activated. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

A wave of bloodthirsty ideas filled Noah’s mind. He could barely make out what he was seeing during that sudden enlightenment, but his consciousness managed to capture a few images.

His focus had been on the quasi-rank 8 sphere. The ideas generated by the modified Divine Deduction technique concerned that item. They described countless approaches that could lead to the destruction of that invisible fabric.

Some of those ideas saw Noah detonating part of his body to obtain enough power to destroy the inscribed item. The new Divine Deduction technique didn’t care about his well-being. It only wanted to defeat his targets without minding what he had to sacrifice to achieve that.

Noah didn’t immediately discard those ideas. A few of them were interesting, but they would force him to forever sacrifice part of his physical strength. They wanted him to turn some limbs and organs into disposable weapons meant only to destroy the sphere.

Noah was desperate, but he didn’t want to sacrifice his power. He put away those ideas for now and activated the scarlet lines again. He would consider those options only if the technique didn’t find anything better.

That process continued for a while. Noah even relied on the cursed sword to produce more bloodlust. His mind began to suffer again due to the stressful activity, but Noah could only endure for now.

A decent idea arrived at some point. It still involved a sacrifice, but Noah was willing to make the trade. The outcome wouldn’t even make him lose the spell forever. It would only turn it into something that he couldn’t hope to control.

Divine experts fought through domains. Their influence would affect an area and transform it into their world. Techniques like the dark world usually worked on cultivators that didn’t surpass Noah’s level, so he rarely relied on them anymore.

One of those techniques was the Demonic Form spell. That ability had accompanied Noah since his first steps into the cultivation journey, but it had slowly lost power as the quality of his opponents improved.

Every powerhouse in the lower plane had developed countermeasures to his corrosive smoke. The divine experts could deploy suitable defenses even if they weren’t aware of the properties of the Demonic Form.

Noah had to stop relying on that spell since it was too hard to touch his opponents with his corrosive smoke. The technique wasn’t as effective as his slashes, even after he fused it with the Black Mark spell.

Noah couldn’t apply its corrosive effects even with the help of the dark world. He mostly used it to obtain a slight improvement in his physical strength or as a layer of armor. That was its limit in the Immortal Lands.

Still, the new Divine Deduction technique had shown him a path. Noah could modify the Demonic Form and transform it into a weapon meant only to destroy. He could turn it into something that could break the hard structure of the inscribed sphere.

A cold smile appeared on Noah’s face, but his metallic hair prevented the experts around him from seeing his expression. The new Divine Deduction technique was perfect for his existence. It gave him exactly what he needed. It allowed him to identify the destructive potential of his abilities.

’This name doesn’t suit the ability anymore,’ Noah thought as he focused on the scarlet lines. ’Divine Demon will forgive me if I rename his technique. I will call it "Demonic Deduction" to honor its first creation.’