Chapter 1634 - 1634. Tests

Noah and June didn’t let the sadness that lingered in the area make them waste the few years they had before the mission. They cultivated and remained together without ever leaving each other’s side.

King Elbas and Luke contacted the forces of the human domain, and they settled for a period of one hundred years to prepare for the mission. All the experts had to polish their techniques and plan life-saving abilities in case something went wrong.

A lot could go wrong in a mission like that. Everything could even be a trap set by Heaven and Earth. Noah and the others weren’t even sure whether the human organizations would turn on them.

Other worries also lingered in their minds. There was a chance that the human organizations and Heaven and Earth had been honest about the whole matter. The troubles on the other side of the Immortal Lands could be far more threatening than anyone expected.

Noah couldn’t develop life-changing abilities in that short time. His companions had already reached a perfect form, his sword-arts were incredible, and his centers of power were nowhere near breakthroughs.

Still, Noah could focus on an ability that had been in his mind since the battle between Great Builder and Radiant Eyes.

The corrosive aura radiated by the parasite was incredible and could become stronger depending on how many nutrients it absorbed. Yet, it had a short range, and Noah could only use it to support his regular slashes.

That was almost a waste of the parasite’s power. The Demonic Form was a living being that could rival powerful existences on its own. Having it as a mere enhancer of his attacks didn’t express its true might.

Radiant Eyes’ scarlet aura had inspired Noah. The Demonic Form already had toxic properties due to the fusion with another spell, so it could theoretically act as a ranged attack if handled properly. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The parasite’s nature was the main issue in that procedure. The magical plant didn’t want to cooperate with Noah. It only wanted his energy.

Noah’s words couldn’t reach the magical plant. The parasite ignored them while continuing to feed on his energy.

’You handle this idiot before I rip it out of my c.h.e.s.t,’ Noah sighed through his mental connection.

Snore, the Demonic Sword, Duanlong, and Night handled that part of the procedure. They were similar to the Demonic Form in terms of existence, so they managed to make it understand what Noah wanted to do after a few days.

The next step was trickier. Noah wanted to take control of the corrosive aura, fuse it with his ambition, and use it as a ranged attack. However, that power had no owners. Even the parasite couldn’t suppress it.

That discovery forced Noah to change his approach. He couldn’t transform the corrosive aura into one of his techniques, but he could give it to the parasite.

The procedure changed after that decision. Noah went from trying to suppress the corrosive aura to enhancing it. He had to improve the magical plant to obtain his new technique, but that growth had to happen inside specific limits.

Noah wanted the parasite to evolve, but only if it reached a specific state. He wouldn’t accept random mutations, especially when it came to a creature that could hurt him.

The black hole took care of that part of the procedure. The organ activated the workshop and tinkered with dense currents of Noah’s ambition.

Noah’s law was the perfect material for the process. It naturally forced evolutions, and the workshop could push that power toward specific fields.

Of course, Noah had to perform countless tests. He could see if his ambition expressed the intended power only after the materials evolved.

Noah had to cut away roots and test his new ambitions on them. It was easy to keep those materials alive inside the dark world, so he could study the effects of the corrosive aura once they evolved.

The roots didn’t change after the dense ambition seeped inside their fabric and forced them to evolve. Only the corrosive aura carried the changes that happened during the transformation.

The corrosive aura would intensify and obtain different natures depending on the type of ambition used on the roots. That power often became unstable, and it rarely met Noah’s requirements even when it reached a decent form.

Noah had to waste entire decades to find the ambition that could produce the intended effects. His tests stopped when he managed to transform the corrosive aura into a dense black substance that seemed attracted by every living being.

’Now the annoying part,’ Noah sighed once he completed those steps.

The last phase of the procedure would put him in danger. Noah was about to improve the Demonic Form while it was inside his body. The evolution would require a lot of energy, and the parasite would take it from his tissues.

Noah didn’t let the procedure scary him. He had done worse in his life. He still recalled the time when he had to cut his arms to create blades.

The workshop created a large amount of the special ambition obtained after the many tests. That energy then flowed inside his c.h.e.s.t and fused with the parasite’s core.

The magical plant grew restless when Noah’s ambition forced it to evolve. Its roots spread inside his body and began to drain tissues, muscles, and organs to obtain the energy required in the transformation.

A sense of weakness filled Noah’s mind, but he discarded that feeling. His body contained enough energy to sustain the evolution. He wasn’t scared of the parasite’s hunger.

The magical plant improved as the evolution took place. The parasite was in the lower tier like the other companions, but its power increased during the transformation.

Noah’s body was far above the standards of the middle tier. His physical prowess could match some of the weaker upper tier magical beasts. A magical plant in the gaseous stage saw the primary energy inside his tissues as the best nutrient in the entire world.

The black hole helped in the process by shattering part of its dark matter and create more primary energy. The parasite had an endless flow of nutrients at that point, so its growth met no obstructions.

The parasite slowly reached the middle tier as its corrosive aura transformed. A black substance began to cover its roots, and its overall shape grew. It began to fill more of Noah’s c.h.e.s.t, but he didn’t feel its weight.

The magical plant eventually stopped requiring that massive amount of energy. Its form stabilized, and its hunger also decreased. Noah felt surprised by its new requirements, but he decided to ignore that matter.

Noah could only be happy that the parasite required so much energy. That was a clear sign that its power was incredible.

’I finally have a new weapon,’ Noah sighed in his mind after the procedure ended, but a familiar aura suddenly appeared near his training area.

"Noah," King Elbas whispered through his mental waves, "It’s time. Everyone is ready."

Noah turned toward June. His lover smiled as battle intent built inside her figure. His departure would mark the beginning of her mission. She couldn’t wait to jump into the human domain and create an endless battlefield that could keep her company during their separation.

June and Noah didn’t need words. They exchanged a kiss and separated. Noah flew toward King Elbas to join the rest of the team, while June contacted the weaker troops to start the invasion.