Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1733 - 1733. Seclusion

Noah and the Legion as a whole went silent. All the experts who had faced Heaven and Earth’s trap needed to cultivate and turn their experiences into part of their power. Those who had remained on that side of the Immortal Lands also had to improve. Luckily for them, the influence that flowed through those lands was the perfect fuel.

Only the weaker troops remained active inside the Legion’s domain. They limited themselves to patrol the regions and take care of the magical beasts that the experts had brought from outside their borders.

The Legion’s domain had transformed, but the magical beasts didn’t care about those features. Noah’s influence was a passive effect connected to the mutated laws that filled those regions, so those creatures ended up benefitting from his power without bothering to notice its marvelous features.

The same didn’t apply to the cultivators and hybrids. King Elbas had followed Noah and the others during the previous mission, and he had made sure that every region featured a dispenser of ambition.

Those inscribed items were quite simple. They absorbed the leftovers of Noah’s ambition and sent them toward the surface. The underground world would naturally mutate due to the roots of the blue bushes, so the air had to be the target of King Elbas’ tools.

Noah also cultivated. He didn’t need to do much during his seclusion. He barely had projects to attend at his current level, so he could focus the entirety of his attention on his centers of power.

Instead, the other experts felt far more pressure on themselves. They had to overcome one of the greatest hurdles of their cultivation journey. They had to develop powers that could make them able to counter Heaven and Earth’s laws.

The process wasn’t easy for them, and Noah couldn’t help with it. He could rebuild experts and force them to be reborn as new existences, but that approach wouldn’t work for everyone.

Fergie, Robert, and the Foolery were special situations. Fergie was nothing more than a corpse when Noah decided to transform him, while Robert belonged to Heaven and Earth’s system. Both experts needed a complete rebirth to gain access to the cultivation journey again.

Instead, the Foolery didn’t have laws. It was a magical beast that had slowly developed a sea of consciousness after bathing in Noah’s influence for a long time. The transformation couldn’t hurt its true meaning because it simply didn’t have one.

King Elbas and the other experts were in a far different position. They had laws built throughout countless years of struggle and training. Asking for Noah’s help would only hurt their pride and make their existence crumble.

Noah would still help them if they hit a wall in their cultivation journey, but that wasn’t the issue at the moment. The experts didn’t have to improve. They had to develop powers that most existences didn’t even consider, abilities that didn’t follow the usual path.

Even Noah would have never gotten his hands on those abilities if it weren’t for the Devils. He didn’t even know that laws capable of countering Heaven and Earth could exist in the Immortal Lands before the mission on the other side.

The other experts had to succeed in the arduous task of developing similar powers without having access to Devils. They had Noah’s influence all around them, but there was a limit to how much the simple study of chaotic laws could help.

Noah experienced a peace that the Immortal Lands had rarely offered. He cultivated for years on the surface of the higher plane. His chaotic laws fended off the harmful properties of Heaven and Earth’s light, so his mind ended up improving faster than his other centers of power.

June often visited him, and she always brought powerful magical beasts defeated during her training. Noah couldn’t show his face outside of the Legion yet, so she took care of filling part of the immense requirements of his body.

The rest of the weaker troops did the same, and even some of his underlings helped. Cultivators, hybrids, and magical beasts dropped corpses near Noah whenever they passed through his region.

Training in those conditions was perfect, but the stillness of those peaceful years inevitably forced Noah to move his attention elsewhere. He had never liked staying still, especially when it came to his battle prowess. The seclusion was benefitting his centers of power, but he had to do something to improve his overall might.

His thoughts inevitably fell on the technique found inside Sword Saint’s memories. The two of them had even managed to deploy a proper version of that slash inside Heaven and Earth’s trap, and its power had been astounding.

Noah wanted to get his hands on that power as soon as possible, but his centers of power had structural limits at their current state. They couldn’t endure the massive amount of energy required by the attack and make Noah able to perform a slash at the same time.

It was something that even his incredible body couldn’t overcome. Noah would lose control of some aspects of the technique whenever he focused on other features.

The mass of energy would explode if he gathered his power to perform a slash capable of piercing its surface. Something similar happened if he focused on the unstable sphere. His attack wouldn’t have enough power to open a crack on the technique.

That seemed an unsolvable issue at his current level, but Noah wouldn’t let go of the matter so quickly. His centers of power might not have enough energy to perform the technique, but he wasn’t alone.

’Coordination is the key here,’ Noah transmitted through his mental connection. ’Precision is essential. The entire technique will blow up if you fail to create the ideal crack.’ Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

’How should I even know what type of crack I have to open?’ Night complained inside Noah’s mind. ’I can sense that you don’t know that either.’

’We test it with weaker versions of the attack until we learn how to do it with the intended amount of power,’ Noah explained. ’It’s a long and tedious process, but you have seen the power of that technique. The reward is totally worth it.’

Night couldn’t oppose Noah’s plan, but it didn’t want to contradict him in general. It wouldn’t waste the chance to improve his battle prowess. It didn’t matter how tedious the process was.

Noah and Night began unique training sessions that saw the two gathering data about that technique. They spent months testing their coordination and studying how the masses of energy reacted to the Pterodactyl.

The tests inevitably led to explosions. Noah wasn’t a stranger to those reactions, and his body was strong enough to endure them. He was still limiting the amount of energy condensed in his technique, so he didn’t need to worry about his safety just yet.

The first positive outcomes led the duo to test the ability with more energy. The experiments became more dangerous, and Noah often found himself forced to deploy the Shadow Domain to escape the detonations.

The region ended up suffering from the procedure, but Noah didn’t care. His attacks could only spread even more chaotic laws. The ground could crack and vanish, but the ambition that filled the area only intensified.