Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1745 - 1745. Interest

Earth was in pieces, but she was still alive. It didn’t matter how much Noah cut her. She still existed and laughed in her androgynous voice.

"What are you even trying to achieve?" Earth laughed. "The chaotic laws inherited from that minor world are nothing when we suppress your existence."

Noah didn’t speak anymore. Energy was amassing in front of him. Earth could suppress his ambition, but he could still wield some basic abilities that came from his existence, especially after infecting his opponent with chaotic laws.

The gathering of energy felt slow since Earth’s aura continued to suppress Noah’s existence. He couldn’t push his aura out of his figure or reveal its major effects, but it still existed somewhere inside him.

His greed fought its way out of the suppression to affect the environment. That feeling fed on the bloodl.u.s.t acc.u.mulated inside Noah’s mind and created a new ability that didn’t depend on his ambition.

D.e.s.i.r.e generated bloodl.u.s.t, so an abundance of that feeling could create greed. It was a cycle that Noah’s mind invented on the spot and that Earth couldn’t stop since she had never seen it.

’The next seconds will be dangerous,’ Noah transmitted through his mental connection. ’Try to remain outside of the separate space as little as possible.’

’I won’t die in front of a mere puppet,’ Night snorted, but Noah could sense that the Pterodactyl had understood his worries.

A mass of energy was gathering between Noah and Earth, and it soon took the shape of a rotating black vortex that had a pulling force of its own.

"I have already seen that attack," Earth laughed. "What makes you think that it will be effective again?"

"Earth governs the minds," Noah said in a cold voice. "Heaven handles the laws, while the Immortal Lands fill the body. I’m not surprised that you are the only one capable of saying a complete line."

The pieces of Earth’s body stopped moving after that remark. Noah had given voice to a good description of her existence, and the sole thought that a mere rank 8 hybrid had managed to figure them out left her speechless.

"I’m right then," Noah laughed as he spread his arms and tried to help the vortex through his black hole. "You three split during the ascension to the tenth rank. I wonder how you even think about getting back together after spending eras in different forms."

"Our understanding touches realms that you have never seen," Earth replied.

"No wonder," Noah snorted while pointing two fingers toward one of the severed chunks of flesh. "You put a damned white sky between the stars and me."

Black slashes that had the shape of piercing beams came out of his fingers and dug holes in the many pieces of flesh. Earth continued to suffer damage, but she didn’t even seem to feel it in her condition.

The vortex expanded before shrinking. It soon gained pale-blue shades and generated a raging sun, but Noah kept going. That was only the first stage of the technique.

"You are wasting my time!" Earth shouted. "Killing this puppet means nothing to us. Go ahead! Show us more of your power! We’ll only use this scene to create a better counter."

The absorption of energy intensified as both the sun and Noah gathered energy. The pulling force in that area was immense, and that only helped the new technique.

The sun slowly expanded and gained dark-red shades. It became a massive sphere that forced Noah to retreat, but Earth didn’t move during its expansion. Its maimed body entered the fiery structure and burnt under its heat.

"Did you think a mere body could limit us?" Earth’s voice resounded from inside the star. "We exist along with the world. We are the very sky! Having the ability to talk through dust is nothing more than a joke for us."

"Can you just shut up?" Noah snorted while closing his eyes to intensify the pulling force coming out of his body.

The star continued to expand until it grew unstable. An explosion soon spread through the battlefield and destroyed the many golden barriers in front of the mountain chain. Noah had to retreat again, but the fiery spectacle released by his technique forced his eyes to remain glued to the scene.

The fiery leftovers of the explosion ran through the sky and destroyed everything on their path. June and the others had already left the battlefield, and Robert and Sword Saint soon followed them. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Robert’s opponent had suffered severe injuries, and many purple spots covered his figure. The cultivator seemed on the verge of dying, and his cultivation level couldn’t do anything when the flares hit his figure.

A massive gravitational pull eventually appeared on Noah’s previous spot. The star had transformed into a black hole, and all the energy in the region flew toward the singularity.

"We don’t need dust either!" Earth’s androgynous voice continued to resound through the region even if Noah had made sure to remove every trace of Cynthia’s body. "Come on! Give us more! We all want to see what Noah Balvan can do."

Noah’s eyes grew sharper than ever at that remark. Earth was trying to get inside his head, and she was doing an exceptional job. However, she failed to understand how stubborn his ambition was.

Earth seemed to suffer from every attack, but only in a slight part. More pieces of Noah’s chaotic influence inevitably seeped inside her and intensified his mutations whenever that existence lost some power.

The black hole grew until it transformed into an unstable mass of black energy. Everything in its insides was about to explode, and Earth seemed unable to wait for the detonation since her laugh had never stopped resounding through the area.

Noah drew his Demonic Sword and pretended to launch a slash, but his arm stopped mid-air, and no attack came out of the blade. Noah limited himself to shoot forward and stretch his other arm toward the black mass to absorb its power.

Intense waves of energy flowed inside him before his black hole accepted everything and began the purification. The organ had a lot of work to do. Noah had suffered many injuries during the use of the cursed sword, but he still saw that as nothing important when he had so much energy at hand.

"What are you doing?" Earth asked when she noticed that Noah had absorbed the entirety of the energy contained inside the black hole.

Plants had wilted and terrain had cracked to create that technique, but Noah completely disregarded those features. He only cared that the rulers didn’t manage to get their hands on those abilities.

"Go back!" Earth shouted. "Let me see the nature of your attack again."

"Why would I?" Noah asked while turning toward the spot from where Earth was speaking."

Earth fell silent, and a cruel smile inevitably appeared on Noah’s face. He had found the weak spot in those existences. They were predictable.

"Don’t tell me that you actually wanted me to spend energy for you," Noah mocked Earth. "You are less than dust now. Why would I even bother to attack you?"

Noah laughed while descending toward the ground. Earth only had her influence left in the air, but she found no reason to move due to the lack of a body. Her interest in that spot eventually waned, and she left the area to go back to more important matters.

****

Author’s notes: The fever has stayed above 39 degrees for the entire day. I basically just stopped shaking. I’m really sorry about this, but I can’t write properly until I feel better. I’ll do one chapter of chaos and one long chapter of demonic sword until my bones stop aching. (I know, not cool after my announcement from yesterday, but I didn’t expect the fever to hit me so hard.)