Chapter 1812 - 1812. Building

The names on the pillars all belonged to cultivators. The hybrids would never betray Heaven and Earth’s Cancer since their leader expressed the maximum potential of their kind, and the magical beasts shared their loyalty, even if for different reasons.

The magical beasts didn’t properly belong to Noah’s pack, but he had given them a home and had promised that they would get the chance to fight Heaven and Earth. Those creatures didn’t d.e.s.i.r.e anything else. They only cared about their hunger and hatred.

Some names written on the pillars belonged to cultivators who had been with Noah for quite some time already. They featured experts from the Balrow and other families who had joined the Legion and the previous nameless organization in the past.

The names of the cultivators who had proposed to sacrifice part of the organization to reduce the consumption of energy also appeared on the pillars. It seemed that the rebellion had happened just like Noah and the others had predicted, but those monuments explained how the event had failed.

"How is the situation?" Noah asked after landing on the black landmass.

King Elbas and the others could immediately understand that Noah wasn’t probing their condition. He wanted a summary of the rebellion, and the experts didn’t hesitate to give it.

"We lost a third of our assets," King Elbas explained. "The casualties have mostly happened among the packs of magical beasts, but cultivators and hybrids have also died. Yet, Daniel has confirmed that the higher-ups had survived the rebellion, even if some have suffered severe injuries."

Noah limited himself to nod before summoning Shafu and making it hover in the sky above the regions. Its massive figure created a shadow that covered a large chunk of the areas at the landmass’ edges, and that scene made the experts understand that it was time to leave.

The magical beasts, the hybrids, and the cultivators left those regions and returned to their respective lands. They prepared themselves to enter a long period of seclusion, but they had already decided that they would wait for the landmass to expand before starting it.

Only Noah, King Elbas, the Foolery, Robert, and Alexander remained in the area. The five of them had to complete specific roles in the expansion of the landmass, but Noah and King Elbas remained those in charge of all the crucial matters.

Shafu released the Mortal Lands absorbed during the return to the sky. The shattered planet appeared above the black landmass, and a dark sea covered the experts hiding under it to protect them from the whiteness.

The seemingly endless Heaven Tribulation had stopped, but those weak experts still couldn’t endure the pressure of the higher plane, no matter how empty it was.

"Get out of the planet," Noah roared, and the experts left the shattered surface.

It didn’t matter if those experts were humans, hybrids, or magical beasts. None of them could disobey Noah’s order.

"Let’s move them somewhere safe," Noah ordered, and King Elbas nodded.

"Come out," King Elbas eventually shouted. "You claim to be good. You can take care of these experts to prove it."

A golden light suddenly lit up on the corner of a region and condensed to take Second Prince’s shape. The expert avoided King Elbas’ gaze and bowed toward Noah before entering the dark world and enveloping the weaker existences in his flames. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Second Prince left at that point. He didn’t manage to hide from the powerful experts at that time, but he still didn’t want to spend too long with King Elbas. It seemed that the two had problems, but Noah and the others simply ignored them.

Noah also ignored the matters connected to the rebellion for the time being. He would question June about that mess later on, but he focused on his main task now.

Noah and King Elbas had already vaguely discussed the creation of their new home, but they had never detailed it too much during those conversations.

However, they shared many ideas, and they also agreed to respect each other talents. Noah could create, evolve, and mutate the ground, while King Elbas had to cover it with inscriptions and make sure that it stabilized properly.

Robert and the Foolery were there only for their influence. The pig would be able to take care of the new lands devoid of blue bushes once everything stabilized, but the process would require the entirety of its pack.

"How much do we have left?" King Elbas asked, and Noah promptly created a trail made of dark matter that connected the expert to Shafu.

"Not much," King Elbas signed when he inspected the contents of Shafu’s separate dimension. "I thought we would have much more."

"I had to use some of it before," Noah explained without bothering to summarize his experience against the empty creature. "A piece of the Immortal Lands is experiencing true night now."

"We might have to explain how to explore the void to the others," King Elbas suggested. "We need far more to cover the entire area under the sky."

"Focus on the present now," Noah snorted. "Let’s start building."

Noah knew that his organization needed a lot of management right now, but he also wanted to seclude himself in a world that didn’t risk falling apart whenever he didn’t contain his absorption.

The Cancer would need a complete overhaul of its layout, and the weaker experts had to learn how to venture through the void since the area was the most promising source of energy in the world. The cultivators and hybrids would also need a clear hierarchy once the landmass became too big to divide it into different palaces.

Noah had to create factions inside his organization, but he didn’t mind the event. He had already learnt how necessary those divisions were once a force became too big. They could help training younger recruits and create a bit of competition inside and outside the training areas.

King Elbas and the others took their position once they set everything, and Shafu began to blow the energy acc.u.mulated in its separate space into the outside world.

The dragon had already taken care of shattering the materials seized in the void into primary energy. Noah could easily modify it with the dark world and his consciousness, and he didn’t hesitate to transform it into tough lands.

His ambition then took care of improving the lands that the workshop didn’t have time to perfect. His law forced the ground and air to evolve and turn into materials worthy of his organization.

King Elbas arrived right after Noah. He made sure that nothing off passed his inspection, and he manipulated the inscriptions so that they would spread in the right direction.

The process appeared more delicate for King Elbas. Noah’s ambition did most of the work in his situation. He had primary energy at hand, and Shafu had even kept track of the various environments generated by its separate area.

Instead, King Elbas had to deploy his many inscribed items to keep track of his work and confirm that it was proceeding correctly. The inscriptions were expanding nicely, and they were even benefiting the harmony of the new areas. Everything was going well.

****

Author’s notes: I’m editing the chapters right now, so they might come out a few minutes later than usual. Apparently, I got a cold together with the side effects of the vaccine, so writing has been slow today. I got pretty unlucky this summer lol. Still, I managed to write everything, so I hope you enjoy the chapters.