Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1814 - 1814. Goals

Noah teleported near the palace and activated the inscriptions that ran through the entire landmass to transmit a roar meant to summon the leaders of the magical beasts.

The creatures didn’t dare to disobey his orders after the recent slaughter, but they would still need months to reach their destination, so Noah and the others could use that chance to learn the details of the rebellion.

It turned out that the rebellious forces had initially tried to take control of part of the landmass. They knew that their army couldn’t match the number of experts loyal to Noah, so they wanted to focus on defending their borders and exhaust the energy in the area until their enemies felt forced to go along with their plan.

Yet, the experts loyal to Noah had Second Prince, who could control the inscriptions freely. They had hordes of magical beasts that didn’t hesitate to act as cannon fodder with the hope of taking a bite at the solid stage experts in the enemy army. They even had spies placed behind the rebels’ borders who provided a constant stream of information.

The rebellion couldn’t succeed, but everyone knew that. Even the rebels were aware that victory couldn’t arrive. They had the upper hand in the number of solid stage experts, but that wasn’t enough to win the war. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Still, their goal had never been to win. The rebels only wanted the landmass to survive as long as possible. The journey to the void even cut every form of communication with the other leaders, so the mission’s outcome would remain unclear until their return. That situation only intensified the rebels’ worries, which ultimately led them to deploy their plan.

June and the other experts who had remained in charge of the organization were far from stupid, and they had even gathered a lot of experience in the Mortal Lands. They could immediately understand the rebels’ goals, and they quickly responded to ruin their plans.

A short but bloody war unfolded after June and the others decided to launch an offensive that carried the full power of their side. The rebels’ defensive position gave them an initial advantage, but the sheer number of troops of their enemies eventually overwhelmed them.

Countless magical beasts had died in the war. Many cultivators had even grown moody after fighting against experts who had been their allies for many years. Still, everyone could understand that the event was inevitable, and its outcome even brought multiple benefits.

The death of the rebels and the troops lost by the loyal side made the landmass deplete far less energy while Noah and the others were away. The rebellion had been a success in that sense, but the benefits didn’t end there.

The resolve shown by June, Jordan, and Noah’s old friends during the war solidified their position as leaders. Even the magical beasts started listening to their orders after the rebellion. Heaven and Earth’s Cancer had groomed commanders during that crisis, and the force had benefitted from that.

Noah found it easy to decide how to divide the various areas of the new landmass since his organization already had a good foundation. He could appoint different leaders and multiple tasks depending on the type of region and position without affecting their overall importance in the force’s eyes.

The main topics that the experts and magical beasts’ leaders discussed once everyone reached the meeting concerned the internal fights. The ground under them was the most valuable resource in the entire world, so they had to do everything in their power to preserve it.

Noah didn’t want to forbid internal battles and minor scuffles completely, especially since the magical beasts would never be able to follow his orders. Their instincts would take over their minds from time to time, which would obviously lead to battles meant to expand their lairs.

Still, he had to put restrictions on those events, especially when it came to rank 8 existences since they could inflict immense damage to the landmass.

The rules turned out to be quite tolerant. Noah heard everyone’s opinion before declaring that only the rank 7 existences could fight above the landmass. Everyone else had to fly into the empty areas to have those battles.

Those restrictions didn’t apply only to magical beasts. Noah felt the need to remind the creatures about that feature often, but he did that only because they could easily forget those rules.

Noah also established tournaments among the various factions meant to take care of the grudges that could appear during the cultivation journey. Those events could only put patches on those intense feelings, but Noah didn’t care as long as he delayed the inevitable outbursts.

The meeting grew more interesting when it reached the topics that involved the experts near the peak of the eighth rank. In theory, all of them could start approaching the stormy regions, but that wasn’t the only option available now that they had confirmed how they void didn’t mean certain doom.

Noah tasked King Elbas to write a thorough description of the journey that involved his memories and final consideration. Noah wanted his organization to study that branch of the cultivation journey and make it evolve.

Journeying through the void to seize energy was a revolutionary approach that could make his organization able to survive in that situation for eras. It was only normal that Noah wanted everyone to memorize that method.

Assigning specific tasks to experts near the end of the eighth rank turned out to be rather tricky, and Noah eventually decided to ignore the matter. Those cultivators, hybrids, and magical beasts only wanted to eat and improve their power.

Noah had to accept that leaving those powerful experts outside of the organization’s management was for the best. The others could learn to handle everything quickly, while Noah could focus on his training and June.

The meeting eventually ended, and Noah accompanied June in the area he had assigned her to. Her domain was near the new center of the landmass, and it gave her direct access to the teleports even without King Elbas’ permit.

"I bet you are going to leave soon," June announced once the two entered a reinforced room build on the top floor of a palace.

"Relatively soon," Noah explained, without ignoring the tinge of annoyance in her voice. "I think I need rank 9 existences now. Only the stormy regions can give me that."

Noah had already partially decided that his next destination would be the stormy regions. It was time to approach the areas filled with chaotic laws and meant to generate new lands, but he wouldn’t go there unprepared.

Seclusion was necessary to absorb everything he had learnt during the long journey. Noah had even gone through two breakthroughs, so he needed to spend some time with himself and his centers of power.

Of course, June could be around during that process. She had long since learnt when she could disturb him, and she appeared pretty busy too. Managing her region required constant attention and punishments if the situation required it, so she had to build a proper network of spies before feeling free from that task.

****

Author’s notes: For those wondering, don’t worry. I’m already fine basically. The cold is in its final phases.