Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1832 - 1832. Past

The scenes created from the green dragon's memories shattered after that announcement. Noah and the others found themselves back into the pit, and everything started moving again.

Only Noah's group and the three leaders knew about their previous conversation. The various rank 9 dragons didn't even notice that time had stopped for many hours.

Truth be told, Noah started to wonder whether time had really stopped or the green dragon had made the group experience those events in the span of an instant. His curiosity toward the laws of time had intensified after sealing the agreement with the creature. His mind started to cover those topics as he waited for the meeting to end.

"Everything should be clear now," The green dragon roared. "Let's fly!"

The order made the other dragons release battle cries before shooting toward the storms above. The black and silver leaders guided the many underlings toward the chaotic laws, while the time dragon remained behind and waited for the eight experts.

"Sit on my back," The green dragon ordered. "It will be easier like this."

King Elbas and the others shot hesitant gazes toward Noah, but he ignored them and flew toward the giant creature. He knew that his companions wanted to question him about the previous conversation, but he couldn't explain much. Even his ideas were nothing more than guesses created after inspecting the entirety of his knowledge.

Noah had found some correct conclusions, but he didn't understand their depths completely. He knew that the time dragon had started to see him as one of the best assets in the war against Heaven and Earth. However, he remained unaware of how intensely the creature had begun to believe in him.

Part of him even believed that the dragon was exaggerating. Teaching him time was one thing, but allowing his entire group to sit on its back showed how much the creature valued them.

The dragon wasn't completely to blame for its newfound fervor. The creature had seen how Noah's law already included aspects that its companions had obtained from the world. Life, death, and space were part of his existence, but he had developed them on his own, without the help of an angry world.

That feat only increased Noah's value in the dragon's eyes. He wasn't an existence chosen by stronger beings to play a role in an inevitable battle. He had seized his current power and understanding through struggles and blood instead of inheriting it without proving his worth.

The group timidly approached the time dragon before sitting on its back. Everyone could feel the immense power contained in the body right under them. The creature only had to decide that they were enemies to kill them, so tension inevitably built among them.

Only Noah felt relatively at ease. Strange feelings had started to flow toward his mind as soon as he sat on the dragon. The scenes in his eyes became unclear as everything started to gain multiple features.

The storms, the ground, and even the types of laws that the scene contained gained additional features. Different versions of the fabric of the world appeared on the scene and fused with reality.

Noah took a while to understand that he was experiencing the world from the green dragon's perspective. The creature saw the past and the present fused in everchanging images that constantly flew through its vision.

'How can it even survive this?' Noah cursed in his mind as his mental walls started to tremble.

A single patch of the world contained countless images due to the long time that it had experienced, but Noah saw all of them. Moreover, they continued to increase as the seconds passed since more past acc.u.mulated in the area.

"Focus on the present," The green dragon suddenly announced while setting off and flying toward the pack that had already entered the storms. "Don't let the past weigh on your mind."

Noah had to use the entirety of his concentration to suppress the additional images that the world manifested. His eyes became completely black as the black hole sent higher energy toward them. The dark matter helped bring him into the present. Still, it took him a while to stabilize that process without the help of his center of power.

The environment had already transformed when Noah managed to focus on his surroundings again. The green dragon was flying right behind its pack, and the storms around the group couldn't even try to land on them.

The gales of chaotic laws shattered and transformed into trails of primary energy that flowed toward the dragons. Their innate absorption was enough to destroy the storms around them and provide nutrients.

King Elbas and the others had remained tense throughout the entirety of the flight. They had slightly adapted to the constant danger flowing out of their ride, and they had accepted that the situation was completely outside of their control.

The travel felt endless. It went on for entire years, which eventually forced King Elbas and the others to resume their training. They all felt worried that cultivating there could anger the dragon, but the creature barely seemed aware of their presence.

The green dragon only cared about Noah. It answered whenever he questioned some of the scenes that appeared in his eyes. The same went for the faint feelings that filled his mind whenever the creature poured more of its aura around him. He had gained a personal master, but that fantastic feat didn't lead to immediate results.

The world in Noah's eyes changed whenever he lost focus on the present. The past became nothing more than a book that he could browse whenever he wanted.

Hal qart lomnnut luuare f lareiu ifj fl f lofoah dmzhu. Nmfv hmpit loptw aol nflo frt aqfearu aol dpopzu tunurtare mr aol ezmjov frt tusuimnquro.

Noah started to feel able to affect those images at some point. He couldn't do much. The past felt immutable, but he could push the present forward.

Of course, he never succeeded in altering the flow of time while on top of the green dragon. The creature was simply making him experience that power, but Noah had yet to develop abilities connected to that field.

Time felt strange. It was far different from the other aspects of his law, and only space seemed to share a few common features.

Space and time were everywhere, but the former had a weight that Noah could almost quantify. It was a complicated array that filled every inch of the world and created an invisible layer on which matter could exist.

Instead, time seemed impossible to notice. It wasn't even a force that he could study. It affected everything in the world, but it didn't seem to exist.

The deep thoughts that filled Noah's mind disappeared when the pack entered another stormless area. The green dragon stopped making him experience its view and allowed him to focus on the environment.

A massive hurricane unfolded in Noah's eyes. The structure was so big that the other storms in the area couldn't help but flow toward it. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Faint white lights shone inside the hurricane. Noah could immediately recognize Heaven and Earth's laws in that radiance, but he couldn't sense much with the storms hiding the true nature of those glows.

"The space dragon is inside!" The green dragon roared before flying in the lead of the group and charging forward.

Noah and the others instinctively bent backward when they saw the massive hurricane filling their vision. Their bodies wouldn't survive the impact with those intense storms, but the environment stopped moving before the dragons could touch the raging structure.

The group could enter the hurricane safely now that the storms had stopped moving.