Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

1833  1833. Army VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Noah and the others couldn't stop their astonishment when they gazed at the insides of the massive hurricane.

Multiple cracks connected to the void hovered around a large mountain surrounded by a swarm of shining white dots. Vast patches of the area had collapsed to create black holes that stood high in the sky, and a second hurricane struggled to get past their suction force to reach the ground.

A middle-aged woman who had a few wrinkles stood right under the storms high in the sky. She wore a white robe that matched the brilliant color of her eyes. Her long grey hair fluttered in the intense winds that managed to seep into the area, and a fierce smile occupied her face.

A second inspection revealed that the lumps of white light were winged cockroaches that radiated Heaven and Earth's aura. The cracks in space were fending them off, but they were slowly fusing with the fabric of the world to stabilize the area and open a path toward the mountain.

'What should we even do here?' Noah couldn't help but wonder in front of that spectacular scene.

The winged cockroaches had abilities that reminded Noah of the pack of rats, but they were more extreme. Their bodies appeared incredibly frail, but the swarm had hundreds of thousands of them ready to give up on their lives to push forward.

The creatures had different levels. Most of them stood at the bottom of the ninth rank, but their power increased toward the center of the swarm. Some even touched the upper tier.

The cultivator in the sky appeared able to control the swarm, but her cultivation level alone was enough to scare Noah's group away. She was a solid stage expert. No advantages could make Noah and the others fight her.

The black holes and the cracks radiated a suction force so intense that lower tier creatures would lose control of their bodies once caught inside them. The second hurricane was the same. It featured the same powerful gales that filled the first.

The battlefield was out of Noah's league. Even going all-out couldn't grant him a meaningful role there. He was less than a pawn in a chessboard that featured multiple queens.

Noah didn't delude himself before joining the battle, but he hoped for specific opponents that he could fight. Instead, the battlefield had turned out to be a mess that existences at his level couldn't even enter.

Noah's first instinct was to escape, but the storms behind him started to blow again after the entirety of the dragon pack crossed the first hurricane. He was stuck inside the battlefield, and only a victory would give him the chance to leave it.

A long time had passed since his last time waiting for orders. Noah was completely clueless about what to do, and his companions were the same. The group could only wait for the three leaders to give a battle plan.

However, their expectations turned into dust when the time dragon raised its head toward the sky and gave voice to a battle cry that made all the creatures shoot forward.

Noah's expression inevitably froze at that scene. The time dragon was one of the most ancient beings in the higher plane, but it didn't even bother to develop a proper plan. It simply made its underlings charge ahead.

King Elbas and the others searched for Noah's gaze, but he wasn't ready to turn. He wanted to see how the battle unfolded before deciding if he could jump into it.

His eyes remained on the weaker dragons. The level of Noah's group stood next to those creatures, so their opponents could be suitable enemies for him. Yet, the beasts limited themselves to jump among the swarm and released waves of flames. They didn't even bother checking whether their companions were around them before launching their attacks.

"My fate is to die among the oldest idiots in the world," King Elbas sighed when he watched that scene.

"Don't worry," Divine Demon said while patting his shoulder. "You also have the youngest idiots. Never sell yourself short."

King Elbas began to think that death wasn't a bad option since it would free him of his curse, but everything changed once the three leaders stepped on the battlefield.

The life and death dragon shot high in the sky and charged at the solid stage cultivator while spreading strange auras into the environment.

The death dragon's dark aura filled the battlefield and spread destruction everywhere. The cracks connected to the void expanded, and the ground opened, but dark patches appeared inside the swarm as the cockroaches died under that influence.

The life dragon's blinding aura also expanded to fill the entire area, but its effects were far different. It only affected the dragons and the techniques that they deployed by empowering their overall offensive.

Noah couldn't help but notice how the creatures' attacks grew stronger. The effect didn't apply only to a single species. Every dragon launched better flames and fought with more intensity as if they were in a frenzy.

The time dragon flew toward the mountain. Its aura expanded and made the swarm stop for a few seconds to cross the cockroaches and reach the structure.

Its influence on time didn't only affect its enemies. The green dragon also made sure that the injuries of everyone on the battlefield stopped bleeding.

The same went for the cockroaches' lifespan. The time dragon could accelerate their time, and many of those creatures died as they touched that powerful aura.

Only tiny specks of light remained around the mountain after the three upper tier dragons used their powers. The threatening swarm had turned into nothing more than a few patches of whiteness that illuminated the area covered by the storm.

'Is it over already?' Noah wondered while inspecting the scene.

The life and death dragons were fighting together against the cultivator. They seemed able to overpower that expert even on their own, but they had no reason to divide themselves in that situation.

On the other hand, the cultivator didn't rely on the few remaining cockroaches to fight. She didn't even try to launch more attacks while the two dragons kept her locked in a relentless discharge of flames.

The empowered dragons eventually killed all the remaining cockroaches. The area was basically safe at that point, except for the cultivator in the sky.

The time dragon launched a few cries toward the mountain, and an earthquake soon spread from that spot. Cracks opened on the structure and spread until an explosion resounded. Large boulders flew in every direction and revealed a peculiar dragon resting on its legs.

The creature didn't have clear features. It resembled a shadow with the shape of a massive winged dragon. Its fabric reminded Noah about Snore before it took a solid form. It was a strange sight to see a magical beast in such an unstable state.

"You took a while," The space dragon laughed before glancing high in the sky.

The cultivator was still holding her ground against the two dragons, but the frenzy in her face never disappeared. Her smile widened, and the new state of the battlefield made her explode into a loud laugh.

Her arms suddenly went toward the sky, and a passage opened through the storms when Heaven and Earth recognized that gesture. An army of rank 9 cultivators donning white robes appeared among the chaotic laws, and an even bigger swarm of flying cockroaches shone behind them.