Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1835 - 1835. Energy

Noah was empowering every aspect of his existence and arsenal. His centers of power neared the peak of the eighth rank, and his companions also touched its edges.

The parasite's corrosive power was beyond reason. The magical plant was the embodiment of one of Noah's strongest spells and expressed pure destruction that fused with his attacks to enhance his already incredible features.

Noah had slashed forward with the Demonic Sword and cursed sword while using his insane physical strength to fuel the attack. His black hole had even provided dark matter that copied the power of his technique and intensified his might.

Moreover, Noah's darkness was expressing its destructive side to the fullest since violent thoughts filled his mind and made him innately able to understand how to maximize the effects of his attack. The white beam that came out of Lord Lewis' fingers seemed able to burn his body after a mere touch, but that light never managed to reach his skin.

Lord Lewis saw how black lines had spread on his attack before it could reach Noah. Those stains had detonated once a piercing slash shot out of the two swords, and the beam destabilized before clashing with the incoming technique.

The clash between the two attacks generated an explosion that made sharp, corrosive, and intense gales of energy flew in every corner of the region. None of those aspects managed to overwhelm the other, and the exchange ended up in a draw.

Lord Lewis felt shocked at that sight. Noah had actually matched his power even if the influence inherited by the Devils weren't effective against Heaven and Earth's law anymore.

The disappointed expression that appeared on Noah after the exchange even intensified his astonishment. Lord Lewis could clearly see that Noah expected to do better in the fight, and his mind could barely accept that sight.

Every expert under Heaven and Earth's rule knew Noah. The rulers warned all their underlings about that unique existence and even informed everyone about his abilities.

However, seeing Noah's actual power during a real battle was completely different from hearing reports and studying a few recordings. Lord Lewis could finally understand why the rulers felt so worried about him. Noah existed in a realm meant only for himself, and his influence could make other experts imitate his growth. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Noah was the cultivator with the highest potential in the world, and he could even transfer his determination to others. Moreover, the last exchange had proven that he had completely stepped into the ninth rank in terms of battle prowess.

Lord Lewis had been angry and arrogant before, but he quickly realized what he had to do for Heaven and Earth's greater good. He had to kill Noah even if the task requested his life as the price.

"I take back my words," Lord Lewis announced. "Die quick-."

Lord Lewis cut his announcement short because he saw something strange next to Noah. A lump of dark matter had suddenly appeared at his side and had remained connected to his body.

The cultivator inspected his surroundings to understand what was happening. The lump of dark matter wasn't meant for him, but he couldn't ignore that feature.

King Elbas and the other experts had started fighting against the other cultivators, and they had already seized the upper hand. Still, an issue soon became clear in Lord Lewis' mind when he studied those battles.

"Where is Edna?" Lord Lewis asked, and Noah revealed a confused expression.

"Who is Edna?" Noah asked as he looked around while imitating Lord Lewis' gestures.

"The cultivator that you have killed before," Lord Lewis revealed. "Why aren't Heaven and Earth bring her back?"

"Oh," Noah exclaimed while scratching the side of his head with the handle of the Demonic Sword. "I usually call them food after they lose their heads."

Pure anger appeared on Lord Lewis' face when he turned and saw Noah's cruel smile. The latter had used the dark matter to seize Edna's corpse during the exchange and prevent eventual resurrections. Noah even wanted to exploit the expert's fake immortality to improve his body.

"You actually are quite useful," Noah revealed to make sure to get inside Lord Lewis' head. "Heaven and Earth make even the most useless of you immortal. You are basically asking me to exploit that."

"You monster!" Lord Lewis shouted before pointing both hands toward Noah.

Light gathered in his palms before a large beam shot forward and tried to envelop Noah again. However, the latter sprinted before the attack could reach him.

The world seemed to bend as Noah sprinted around the incoming beam. A single step allowed him to cross an immense distance, so he managed to arrive next to Lord Lewis when he had yet to retract his hands.

Noah waved both swords horizontally, but a violent wave of energy suddenly came out of Lord Lewis' figure and flung him away. The damage caused by the cursed sword and the attack fused to create multiple scarred patches of skin and large wounds, but his body endured them easily.

"My law is energy, you monster," Lord Lewis announced. "Heaven and Earth have even fixed the flaws that had afflicted my cultivation journey. You can't touch me, and you can't overcome my attacks. Let go of Edna now!"

"Fine," Noah sighed, and the lump of dark matter appeared in front of him.

The black sack opened, but its insides were empty. Lord Lewis stared at that scene for a while before raising his head and seeing a massive slash flying toward him.

Lord Lewis snorted while waving his hand. A gale of energy came out of his body and fended off the slash, but Noah's figure quickly appeared above him. Noah was delivering a descending blow with both weapons, but another flare shot toward him and pushed him away.

"Told you," Lord Lewis snorted. "It's impossibl-."

Lord Lewis had to stop speaking since he noticed that something was off with his insides. His first instinct was to deploy the technique meant to counter the Shadow Domain, but his issue appeared different.

The expert inspected his insides until he noticed that a small cut had opened on his dantian. The event surprised him beyond any reason, but Noah didn't hesitate to continue with his offensive.

Lord Lewis had to deploy his flares again, but they inevitably lost power since part of the energy escaped from his dantian before creating a proper technique. The burst that came out of his figure hit Noah, but he managed to endure it and push forward.

The expert saw two blades descending toward his face, and his survival instincts made him release far more power than before. His dantian hurt as that discharge of energy stretched the injury on the organ, but he successfully generated a technique able to fend Noah away again.

Yet, a cut suddenly opened on Lord Lewis' throat and spread until his head almost went upside down. The expert recalled about Night at that point, but he felt surprised about its new power anyway. He couldn't see the Pterodactyl at all.

"I won't let two lucky attacks make me lose this battle," Lord Lewis announced when he saw Noah charging ahead. "I'll show you what it means to reach the ninth rank."

Lord Lewis closed his eyes as his domain expanded. His technique fused perfectly with Heaven and Earth's laws and created an environment that transformed even Noah's energy into a white fuel.