Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1836 - 1836. Problematic

Lord Lewis had managed to hit Noah with his flares multiple times already, but the latter didn't mind those events. His incredible resilience fused with the many techniques that enhanced his innate abilities and allowed him to stand his ground against a rank 9 cultivator.

Of course, the battle wasn't in Noah's favor. His attacks barely managed to match Lord Lewis' offensive. His resilience and many assets were the only reason why he appeared to come out as the winner of every exchange.

Noah had definitely suffered more injuries due to Lord Lewis' superior power and the drawbacks of the cursed sword. However, he appeared far better off than his opponent. Night had even managed to inflict an injury in a spot that directly affected the expert's power.

The battle would have lasted a long time, but Noah had set the foundation for a victory. It would have taken him a while to actually make Lord Lewis deplete his energy and put him in a position where Heaven and Earth couldn't resurrect him, but he had the chance to succeed.

However, Lord Lewis decided to stop playing around. King Elbas and the others were suppressing his underlings, and Noah had already killed one of them. The expert had even suffered injuries that could lead to a surprising defeat, so he had to approach the battle seriously.

The greatest difference between existences in the eighth and ninth rank was in the intensity of their law. Lord Lewis had seen that Noah could endure his normal attacks, so he decided to change his approach.

His domain expanded, fusing Lord Lewis' aura with the world and the laws in the environment. The area started abiding by different rules, and Noah couldn't ignore them during his charge.

Darkness, dark matter, and faces had acc.u.mulated on Noah's words, but they transformed into white energy as soon as Lord Lewis applied new rules to the world.

Lord Lewis was pure energy, and everything could become his fuel. Noah's abilities transformed into power that the expert could use to launch attacks, and he wasn't ready for that.

The white energy that had suddenly replaced his power lingered on his swords for less than an instant before exploding. A scorching sensation spread through his arms, torso, and face, and his mind also sent similar feelings due to the damage suffered by the Demonic Sword.

His sword instinctively returned inside his body when the first waves of power hit its structure, but it couldn't avoid suffering damages. The new state of the blade made it able to use Noah's energy to materialize itself in a perfect condition, but it couldn't heal the wounds on its existence in such a short time.

The explosion inevitably flung Noah backward and forced him to release energy to stop his momentum. Still, the darkness spreading from his back transformed into Lord Lewis' white power before detonating again.

Noah found himself flying forward at that point. He didn't commit the same mistake, but his options were almost non-existent in an environment controlled by such a troublesome domain.

Lord Lewis flew forward to face Noah head-on. His body brimmed with white light and transformed him into a blazing figure that shot toward his opponent at high speed.

The battle instincts that Noah had honed for millennia almost made him launch a wave of fire, but he suppressed that d.e.s.i.r.e and unleashed the dark world. He would typically try to force his way through a domain, but Lord Lewis' technique had troublesome features that didn't let him use energy. He couldn't launch attacks in that situation.

The dark world basically was a pliable and improved version of a domain due to the dark matter that made its structure. Noah could change its rules depending on his situation, and his priority was to create an environment where he could use energy.

The dense dark matter began to transform into white fuel as soon as it spread into the environment, but the technique appeared more resilient than the rest of Noah's arsenal. It survived long enough to give him the time to prepare a few attacks.

The dark world shattered as Lord Lewis pierced its edges. The power released by his aura was enough to break the dark matter and create a conical hole that enlarged and deepened as he continued to press forward.

The expert could sense that he was close to Noah's position, but a series of six-armed dragons eventually appeared on his path. Lord Lewis didn't even bother to look at those rank 8 upper tier creatures since his expanding domain started transforming their structure right away. Still, they detonated before Noah lost control of them.

Raging waves of power shot in every direction, but the dark world closed around Lord Lewis to isolate him. The shockwaves released by the explosions ended up converging toward him as they ricocheted on the encirclement's edges.

Half of those waves transformed into white energy that shielded Lord Lewis by the time the attack reached his figure, but Noah had expected a similar outcome. He had even studied how the domain transformed energy.

Nmfv hmpit nzutaho jvfo lvfnu ovu uruzew zuiuflut gw ovu uknimlamrl jmpit efar fdouz ovu ozfrldmzqfoamr, lm val tulozphoamr hmpit ofzeuo ovmlu lnmol frt uknimao ovuaz difjl.

Black lines appeared on the white energy that had enveloped Lord Lewis. The event left him shocked, but the waves of power that his domain didn't manage to affect suddenly crashed on his protection and detonated Noah's destruction.

The entire defensive layer created by the transformed energy exploded and ended up hurting the other defenses that protected Lord Lewis. The white light that surrounded him flickered, and a slash promptly shot out of the dark world to exploit that moment of weakness.

Lord Lewis decided to ignore his trembling defenses to pour his entire power on his domain. Part of the dark energy carried by the piercing slash transformed into white lumps that exploded to weaken the attack. Still, the expert didn't have enough time to fend off the incoming blow entirely.

Noah had done his math correctly. What remained on his piercing slash crashed on the expert and destroyed the rest of his defenses. Lord Lewis found himself completely in the open, with only his domain protecting him, and that was enough for Noah.

A shadow shot out of the dark world and flew toward Lord Lewis. He wielded both blades and released attacks right after touching the expert's domain. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

A series of slashes flew through the sky and enlarged as they absorbed energy, but white lumps appeared on their structure and tried to devour them from the insides. Yet, black roots suddenly came out of those attacks and destroyed the foreign energy.

Lord Lewis found himself forced to launch an attack to face the incoming rain of slashes. He waved his hand, and a flare shot out of his fingers. His energy engulfed Noah's offensive, but it reminded him that he had forgotten about something.

Noah didn't hesitate to add an attack at that reminder. He came out of a crack that had materialized behind Lord Lewis, and his two blades released a massive slash when they discharged the energy acc.u.mulated inside the Shadow Domain.