Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Chapter 1857 - 1857. Stunning

The crackling giant could suppress three rank 9 Kesier apes in the lower tier. Its power forced the five experts to go all out since the beginning of the fight, and their joint efforts destroyed part of the massive attack.

Their techniques even reached their opponent, but they had lost too much energy by then. The attacks couldn’t hurt the thick sparks that made the crackling figure’s giant body. Still, they opened a path where Noah and Alexander could pass.​​

The unstable substance was flowing inside Noah’s black veins, and his empowerments had already affected some of his abilities. His centers of power and his two blades surpassed their limits as faces appeared on the dark aura that covered them.

A red aura covered Alexander, and the smell of blood filled the area. The expert’s power seemed to surge to levels that went far beyond Noah as he raised his palm and neared the giant.

The two experts were the best type of hybrids in the entire world. They were the only ones who could come so close to the threatening lightning bolts without deploying defensive abilities. The approach was dangerous, but it allowed them to increase the efficiency of their offensive.

The intense pressure that covered the crackling sparks almost pushed the experts away, but the duo moved forward even after their blood vessels exploded and wounds opened on their figures.

Noah was the first to reach the giant. Dark matter covered his two swords as he mustered the entirety of his physical strength to stab them into the lightning bolts. His higher energy shattered as the raging sparks tried to reach his weapons, but the black hole made sure to restore those protections every time they fell.

Information flowed inside his mind as his bloodl.u.s.t fueled the Demonic Deduction technique and made his destruction skyrocket. Noah could instinctively sense every unstable part and flaw in his opponent’s structure, and his weapons released his power after focusing on some of them.

Black flares came out of Noah’s weapons and spread through the crackling giant. The lightning bolts that made the creature’s body crumbled whenever the destructive energy seeped inside them. Even those powerful sparks couldn’t stop his destruction.

Alexander arrived after sparks left the giant’s body and created a white rain. His red halo converged toward his hand as he raised it to reach the sparks, and a massive hole opened in the creature once his palm touched them.

An angry feeling started to permeate through the crackling noise released by the sparks as the giant tilted its head toward the two experts. A crack opened on the lower part of its head to create a mouth, but a silver slash suddenly slammed on that spot.

"Finally!" Sword Saint shouted as he madly waved the ethereal blade in his hand.

Each movement launched rains of slashes toward the giant that severed its lightning bolts. Sword Saint wasn’t boosting his power nor relying on special techniques to obtain those effects. His b.a.r.e sharpness simply was enough to hurt those sparks.

Multiple golden lights appeared around the giant after it endured those blows. King Elbas flew above its head and scratched his chin as his eyes moved between the creature and the storms.

"Focus on the will," King Elbas ordered before snapping his fingers.

The many golden lights shot inside the lightning bolts and seeped deep into the giant’s body before detonating. More sparks shot into the environment and filled the area. Still, many of them converged toward an azure halo that had appeared in the distance.

Divine Demon showed a cold expression as the sparks converged into his position and transformed into a mass of energy that rotated around his figure. His eyes seemed to carry deep understanding as they reflected the white light radiated by the giant. His usual uncaring face was nowhere to be seen as firm concentration filled his expression.

A chill ran down Noah, Alexander, and King Elbas’ spines. They instinctively turned toward the azure glow in the distance, and their eyes widened in surprise when they understood what was about to happen.

The three experts deployed their best techniques to leave the area and give Divine Demon a complete view of the scene. The cultivator raised his hand at that point. The energy around him flowed in front of his palm to give birth to a series of rings.

King Elbas’ face revealed pure shock when he saw the lines stretching in the insides of the rings. Divine Demon was giving birth to a series of small formations that created a cylindrical structure after all of them harmonized. A humming noise even echoed in the sky as the azure energy completed the technique.

King Elbas took out countless sensors meant to study and record the event. His curiosity even flowed out of his body as he lost interest in the battle. He couldn’t believe that Divine Demon could have created something like that without knowledge over formations and inscriptions.

"What is it?" Noah asked while teleporting next to King Elbas.

Alexander also arrived next to the expert and waited for him to describe the nature of the situation. It was hard to trigger such intense reactions inside him, so his curiosity had made him approach the only cultivator who could know something about Divine Demon’s power. Noah was there for the same reasons.

"I don’t even know how to describe it to two brutes like you," King Elbas revealed while pointing toward the formations in front of Divine Demon’s raised palm. "He is trying to reverse the laws."

"What does that even mean?" Alexander asked.

"Who challenged him to do that?" Noah asked, but King Elbas shook his head after heaving a helpless sigh caused by Alexander’s question.

’Is he improving?’ Noah wondered as he fixed his eyes on the azure formations in the distance.

Soft gales broke out of the storms that surrounded the dead zone and flew toward the giant. The chaotic laws transformed into lightning bolts that restored the broken parts of its body and made it whole again. Still, the creature didn’t stop moving even in its damaged state. Its massive arm rose to point toward the Kesier apes in the distance, but its face turned toward Divine Demon when it heard the humming sound.

The giant seemed to freeze when it noticed the azure rings. Its lightning bolts running through its body even slowed down at that sight. The creature appeared stunned, but it soon moved its arm toward Divine Demon since it recognized him as the greatest threat.

The giant lost three-quarters of its body after the attack. Its head and right shoulder floated above the crack and struggled to fend off the pulling force generated by the connection to the void.

Meanwhile, Noah and Alexander finally understood what King Elbas meant with his explanation. Divine Demon’s attack had released energy directly opposed to the laws on its path, which had led to the complete annihilation of part of the world.

****

Author’s notes: So, I guess you all know or have understood by now that my sleeping schedule is quite off. Writing 9 hours a day and trying to pair it with other personal interests/social life isn’t easy, but it annoys me that you end up paying the price for my failures.

I can’t promise that I’ll always be on time. The last period has proven that more than once. Still, I will never miss releases unless something really huge happens. I hope that’s enough for you.

As always, thank you for the constant support.