Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1910 1910. Push

The sprint had been instantaneous. Most experts would take it as a teleport if it weren’t for the massive crack that appeared once the temporary dimensional tunnel shattered. Noah didn’t even need time to materialize. He had simply moved from one place to another in the span of a fraction of an instant. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Noah wasn’t done. The world in his eyes transformed again. The lines that depicted the array of space and time replaced the whiteness, the storms, the brown avatar, and everything else. Pushing his opponent away with only his physical strength was impossible due to the sheer difference in their level, but he was far more than a simple brute.

Space bent in multiple spots as Noah slowed down the time around him. His creation and destruction transformed the structure of the laws on which Heaven and Earth had built the world to create a unique environment that gave him a chance to move the brown avatar.

To put it into simple words, Noah had condensed the lines behind the avatar and had stretched those that separated him from the creature. That gave him the chance to have enough seconds and room to gather power while reducing the requirements of his tasks.

Noah didn’t teleport under the wave of storms coming out of the avatar’s chest casually. That was the spot chosen by his mind to maximize the effects of his attacks.

The dark energy filled with faces gathered on his left arm as the Demonic Sword returned inside his body. The dark matter created additional black vessels inside his limb and increased the amount of unstable substance that his flesh could absorb at the same time. His muscles bulged due to that massive surge of power.

One of the faces that never stopped flowing through his dark energy ended up being the middle tier cauldron destroyed in the past, but Noah didn’t have the chance to notice it during his cold mental state. His mind was making him ignore all the useless details in that situation and focus only on his task.

Noah couldn’t gain more than a few seconds with his current understanding of time. He could use many additional techniques to improve his power output, but that window allowed him to prepare only one attack. His punch was what his mind had concluded to be the ability that had the highest chance to succeed.

The brown avatar noticed Noah and opened other holes inside its body to launch another wave of attacks, but its opponent’s stance suddenly transformed. According to its senses, Noah had remained still for a couple of seconds only to appear with his fist stretched to touch the brown alloy.

The punch landed on the giant and unleashed all the power that Noah had accumulated during that short time. Cracks opened on his arm and released a torrent of blood as the brown alloy fought back during the impact. The clash between that massive force and heavy creature ended up hurting him, but the avatar ended up retreating by an inch, which made its figure disappear.

Noah ignored the injuries afflicting his arm and took a step forward to enter the modified space before the dimensional tunnel crumbled. Void appeared behind him as he moved forward until he found himself in front of the giant again.

The environment around Noah and the brown avatar had transformed. He had affected as much space as possible. His range almost stretched as far as the edges of his consciousness. His attack had moved the two of them far away from the battlefield.

The white avatars, clouds, dogs, and experts had disappeared. The giant and Noah were among raging storms that generated clanging noises whenever they landed on their bodies. The environment wasn’t hard to endure for Heaven and Earth’s puppet, but Noah ended up suffering a bit for the relentless blow. It was as if powerful punches were raining relentlessly on him.

Noah didn’t mind the intense storms since they didn’t slow down his offensive or ruin his attacks. They only caused constant pain, but he barely noticed it at that point of his cultivation journey.

The brown avatar required a while to understand what had happened. It had a vague form of intelligence inherited by Heaven and Earth. Its thoughts had the shape of raw battle experience and priorities, so it couldn’t help but hesitate when everything around it changed.

Instead, Noah didn’t let a single second go to waste. His consciousness expanded from that new spot and spread his bloodlust and destruction among the storms, the Demonic Sword returned in his hand, and his previous enhancements started to cover his entire body again.

Black lines spread through the brown alloy as the storms in the area vanished and transformed into energy that Noah absorbed in no time. A sea of dark matter even spread from his chest and covered the now-empty zone. The laws of the world changed to benefit his offensive and weaken the avatar, but the creature eventually started to move.

The giant could destroy the dark matter with the slightest movement. The higher energy even struggled to envelop it due to the sheer difference between their levels. Holes immediately appeared among the dark world due to the simple opening of the passages meant for the dense gales, but Noah’s attack arrived before his technique could suffer too much damage.

Noah pointed his blades on one of the black lines, and their tips used the destruction inside it to pierce the brown alloy. He stabbed them as deep as he could before using everything he had to slash upward.

The dark world enhanced the discharge of his destruction, but its dark matter shattered during the effort. Noah’s higher energy couldn’t endure the rank 9 power expressed by that aspect of his law, but he was already aware of that reaction.

The brown alloy felt slightly softer due to the effects of the dark world. The technique had worked with his mind to create an environment that could affect the avatar. Still, the results weren’t great. That approach only vaguely helped Noah, but he wouldn’t refuse even the slightest help against that opponent.

A long cut opened on the giant’s torso. The damage was even more profound at that time, and it ended up affecting the many tunnels inside the avatar. Violent storms immediately burst out of that injury, but Noah didn’t fear that involuntary attack too much now that it lacked its density.

Black lines appeared among that wave of chaotic laws as they crashed on Noah and pushed him backward. His skin opened in multiple spots, but the storms continued to lose density during the process. Meanwhile, his destruction never stopped spreading, and it eventually reached the point when the winds shattered when they clashed with his skin.

The attack that was pushing him away had turned into a wave of energy that the black hole improved as soon as it flowed inside his body. Noah had seen many injuries opening during the last exchange, but they started to close as he devoured the chaotic laws that the giant had accumulated.

Still, the flaring storms had put Noah in a situation when he couldn’t move freely, and the avatar didn’t miss that chance. Noah was about to roar in excitement at the sight of his healed body, but his mind suddenly alerted him about the presence of dense storms descending toward him.

The giant had seized that opportunity perfectly. Those gales seemed thinner than the previous ones, but they contained the same amount of power, and that increased their speed. Noah didn’t have the chance to escape. He could only raise his blades and face the chaotic laws head-on.