Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1913 1913. Reinforcements

King Elbas and the other experts had joined hands with the dogs and had started to fight against the white avatars and the crackling clouds as soon as the brown giant disappeared. The sudden event left everyone in awe of Noah’s battle prowess, but it also inspired them to reach the ninth rank as soon as possible.

The experts’ offensive showed their desire to improve. They attacked violently and relentlessly, and their opponents soon failed to keep up. King Elbas and the others had faced those lightning bolts long enough to have committed their structure to memory.

Still, Heaven and Earth couldn’t let that battle continue like that, especially since they knew how Noah’s fight was going. King Elbas’ team was even clearing the avatar quickly. The rulers had to do something, or their real target would run away.

A blinding flash filled the sky above the group of experts and dogs when they were about to put an end to their battle. Only a few avatars and clouds still lingered in the area before that sudden radiance, but an army materialized after the light dimmed.

The army was familiar for King Elbas and the others. They had seen a far stronger version many years ago when the dragons had forced them to join a battle that was far away from the reach of their cultivation level.

A swarm of white cockroaches led by a rank 9 cultivator in the gaseous stage had materialized high in the sky after the sudden blinding flash. The storms there had instantly disappeared due to the innate suction force generated by the thousands of specimens in the ninth rank inside the army. The weakness of those magical beasts granted them an easy path toward the higher levels of the cultivation journey, so Heaven and Earth could create entire platoons every few centuries.

The strongest cockroaches among the swarm were in the middle tier, but the army featured many of them. Their auras fused with the power radiated by their weaker underlings and made it hard for the experts to calculate how many leaders that pack had. King Elbas failed in the task even when he took out some rank 9 sensors from his space-ring.

The winged cockroaches weren’t powerful. They would directly be at the bottom of any catalog of magical beasts if it weren’t for their ability to fly. Heaven and Earth had created them to counter the dragons. They were the exact opposite of those might creatures that could reach the peak of the food chain in almost every environment.

Still, the terrifying power of the winged cockroaches came from their immense numbers. A single swarm could contain thousands of specimens in the ninth rank, which was a threatening force due to their disposable nature.

Those magical beasts were frail, but they still touched the standards of the ninth rank. A platoon could decide to sacrifice most of its members just to let a few hundreds of them reach their target. That was enough to kill most opponents, especially when it came to large creatures like the dragons.

Calculations happened inside King Elbas’ mind, but the new opponents didn’t let him prepare any plan or inspection. Heaven and Earth had already instructed the rank 9 woman hidden among the brightness radiated by the winged cockroaches about the situation. They only needed a few seconds to adapt to the change in the environment, and that time had passed.

The swarm descended toward their opponents, and their target became evident right away. The experts had an overall low cultivation level, but their battle prowess was above the dogs. Yet, the winged cockroaches barely cared about them as they created shining gales that aimed at the improved magical beasts.

The dogs immediately controlled the storms to launch a wave of attacks, but their abilities ended up dispersing before reaching their opponents. The winged cockroaches were simply too many. Their natural suction force could make the various winds crumble and transform into primary energy that fused with their bodies.

Luckily for the dogs, Noah had decided to bring his group there, and that included King Elbas. The expert had already seen the winged cockroaches once, so his curiosity had made him develop special abilities meant for those creatures a long time ago. Of course, he had also adapted it to the new level of his existence before leaving the orange city.

King Elbas transformed into a wave of flames that made him teleport in above the pack of dogs. The gales made of winged cockroaches were converging in that position. The expert had thousands of rank 9 specimens ready to overwhelm him with their sheer power and numbers, but he raised his hand fearlessly.

The space-ring on King Elbas’s middle finger released a golden light as a small sphere that contained raging dense currents came out of the item and rose in the sky.

The item resembled Noah’s black hole, but it radiated a golden glow, and its edges weren’t solid. Its texture made it look like a jelly that could maintain its spherical shape even if its insides were rotating in various directions and creating multiple collisions.

The sphere transformed as King Elbas’ fingers waved in the air. The expert modified the structure and fabric of that material to adapt it to its opponents. Its light grew darker while retaining its golden shades. Its shape also grew unstable as it neared the incoming winged cockroaches.

Heaven and Earth had an obvious weakness that an expert like King Elbas couldn’t fail to exploit. The rulers always put themselves into their creations. That usually wouldn’t create flaws since their products carried various features. Still, the matter was different for someone able to develop counters to existences in the span of a few exchanges.

A small piece of the dark sphere separated from the main structure and transformed into a bullet that shot toward the gales of winged cockroaches. The material changed shape again after it entered the range of the specimens’ suction force. It crumbled to become thin dust that followed the pull created by the cockroaches’ innate features.

The dark-golden dust appeared able to remain clear even among the whiteness radiated by that multitude of magical beasts. The winged cockroaches’ light couldn’t suppress the dim radiance released by each grain that dispersed among the gales.

Nothing seemed to happen after the cockroaches absorbed all the dust, but dim spots eventually appeared among the gales. Those creatures didn’t care about anything and continued to charge forward, but even those in the frontlines had to slow down when they saw dark-golden runes appearing on their bodies.

The rank 9 woman hidden by the whiteness made the swarm stop at that point. She could accept that King Elbas had the power to kill multiple lower tier cockroaches at the same time. Heaven and Earth had a whole library about his creations meant to explain how good he was. Yet, she didn’t expect his technique to affect even the specimens in the middle tier.

King Elbas was powerful, and his law allowed him to reach defying levels, but Heaven and Earth had never treated him like Noah. Beings two tiers above his cultivation level should be untouchable for him. However, the gales kept darkening as more and more cockroaches died. Only the middle tier specimens seemed able to survive longer, but the dark-golden runes on their bodies never stopped growing.

****

Author’s notes: I just wanted to warn you all about something that I’ve learnt recently. It turns out that coins purchased through Paypal give a higher share to the authors (it avoids cuts apparently, consistent cuts). In short, use Paypal to purchase coins if you want the authors to earn more.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com