Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1943 1943. Splitting

The four experts remained speechless in front of Noah's arrogant statement. They were beings in the liquid stage, the second-last step before the peak of the cultivation journey, but they felt like training dummies when he treated them like that.

"Why would we even divide ourselves?" The same cultivator from before asked. "We only need a wave of our hands to take care of all of you."

The cultivator appeared old. A long white beard came out of his chin, thick white eyebrows stood above his half-closed eyes, but no hair grew from his head. The expert had a hunched back, but he seemed full of life.

"You can't kill us in one attack," Noah announced while pointing at the lake, "And we will destroy it before you can catch us."

"Such arrogant remarks from a puny rank-," The old cultivator began to say, but Noah forced him to fall silent with a simple wave of his hand.

A slash came out of Noah's fingers before fusing with the world. The four cultivators found a massive attack falling above them in the next instant, and their innate defensive techniques activated to stop it.

The sudden attack didn't manage to do much. It barely forced those defensive techniques to flicker. However, it showed how Noah could really destroy the lake before dying.

Unsightly expressions appeared on the four experts' faces. Their task was to defend that area while Heaven and Earth were busy harmonizing their existence, but mere rank 8 experts were threatening the success of their mission. They felt slightly ashamed of their superior power, but resolve soon replaced that feeling. After all, Noah wouldn't be one of the rulers' special targets if he weren't so strong.

"Did you also prepare a battlefield?" The old cultivator asked.

"We can't possibly prepare a special environment for each expert that we are going to kill," Noah shrugged his shoulders. "You all die in a few attacks anyway. Where's the fun if we kill you even faster?"

"This brat," The old cultivator cursed before turning toward his companions. "Do you mind if I handle him?"

Two of his companions shook their heads uncaringly, but the woman to his right raised her hand to object before explaining her reasons. "You are letting him get into your head. His destruction has probably identified you as the weak link in our barrier."

"Are you implying that I'm weak?" The cultivator asked as a chilling aura came out of his figure.

"I was referring to your irascible character," The woman answered. "He already knows that you'll be perfect for him."

The old man's eyes widened before turning toward Noah. The latter revealed a cold smirk at that inspection, but he didn't add anything else. He already knew that his taunts had succeeded.

"You might be right," The old cultivator exclaimed. "Do you want to handle him?"

"With pleasure," The woman responded while performing a bow toward the old cultivator.

"Do you mind following me?" The woman asked when she pointed her eyes at Noah.

"Not at all," Noah laughed before rising higher in the sky and joining the woman in her departure.

"I can take you," Divine Demon declared while pointing at the old cultivator. "I like the emotional ones."

The old cultivator didn't say anything. He stepped off the mountain peak and went in the opposite direction of the other expert. Divine Demon didn't hesitate to separate from the group and follow him, and the two soon disappeared among the storms.

"Which one of you isn't a brute?" King Elbas asked while glancing at the two remaining experts. "I'd like to have a battle that isn't a simple exchange of attacks."

The young-looking woman between the two cultivators stepped forward and shot in the distance without saying anything. King Elbas snorted, but he followed her. Those two also disappeared among the storms, leaving only one expert on the mountain peak.

"Don't tell me that one of you wants to remain behind and mess with the area," The young-looking cultivator on the mountain peak warned.

"Not at all," Wilfred responded. "We aren't as crazy as our companions."

"We definitely are on the reasonable side," Steven added. "You'll have to fight both of us at the same time if you don't mind."

"Why would I?" The cultivator snorted while jumping off the mountain peak. "Follow me. Let's not affect this area."

.

.

.

Noah followed the woman across the storms. Her long brown hair fluttered among the gales as she shot ahead. He also felt able to see the green glow radiated by her eyes from his position. She appeared incredibly strong, but that was exactly what he needed to improve. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

The woman eventually stopped and snapped her fingers to turn the storms in a large area into dust. She created a battlefield that didn't show any hindrance. It seemed that she wanted to face Noah head-on.

"Thanks," Noah growled before letting his hunger leak out of his figure.

His hunger gave birth to a suction force that absorbed the shattered laws in the environment. A wave of power flowed inside him, but that energy barely affected his flesh.

"Don't think that we lost track of you in this period," The woman announced while showing a warm smile. "You have killed many of us. How are their laws? Does it feel good to feed on Heaven and Earth's power?"

"Please, don't insult me," Noah stated while wielding both his swords. "We both know that you didn't care about them. Are Heaven and Earth going through a cleansing period? They definitely need that. I only didn't think it would have involved their followers."

"How sharp of you," The woman chuckled while covering her mouth. "No wonder you are worthy of being a flaw of the system."

"I would have been a flaw anyway," Noah responded, "Worthy or not."

"Of course," The woman laughed again, "But your achievements define your value. Why do you think Caesar is so set on turning you into Heaven and Earth's last opponent? He knows that you have the potential to reach that state."

"Don't tell me that you agree with him," Noah sighed. "I won't define my existence as someone's opponent. I'm not as weak as you all."

"That's what you fail to see," The woman explained while raising her hand toward the sky. "We are all weak in front of Heaven and Earth."

The light lingering in the sky began to gather in her palm to create a blinding pearl. The cultivator seemed able to make use of Heaven and Earth's light to generate threatening attacks. Noah struggled to even watch about that level of blindness, but his consciousness could inspect it freely.

The attack carried more power than Noah expected, but he didn't let the event surprise him. His opponent was a liquid stage cultivator. He had chosen someone so strong on purpose.

"Let me see how you handle a cultivator who isn't falling apart," The woman grinned before the light in her palm transformed into a beam of light that shot toward Noah's figure.

The attack was incredibly fast, but Noah didn't retreat. He had enough time to perform his movement technique, but he didn't. He had a better strategy for that.

A lump of blackness appeared in front of Noah and absorbed the attack in its insides. The event left the cultivator speechless. Noah had created a minute version of the dark world that featured a stretched space. The beam ended up traveling through the dark matter until the technique managed to absorb its power.

****

Author's notes: One hour or so for the second chapter.