Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1952 1952. Flattering

The cage was perfect to counter Divine Demon's ability. The absence of energy inside the void and the white walls that isolated the two experts from the outside world served their purpose to limit one of the most flexible and miraculous laws in the entirety of the Immortal Lands.

Divine Demon found himself immersed inside the darkness illuminated by a familiar white radiance. A small cloud made of the azure energy absorbed before the activation of the trap floated around him, but everything else was either empty or belonged to a realm that he couldn't affect.

The white walls seemed to share the same fabric of the sky, and their power was also insanely high. They stood at the very peak, in the upper tier of the ninth rank. It was clear that Heaven and Earth didn't come up with that trap on the spot but had prepared it a long time ago. The old cultivator had even stated that, but his words couldn't compare with that breathtaking sight.

"Heaven and Earth had to add laws to their world to make this possible," The old cultivator explained. "Don't worry. This wasn't your fault. Everything under the sky had the power to activate this trap. We have been ready to take you out for a long time."

Divine Demon wore a cold expression as his eyes darted among the environment. He had some energy, but that would be barely enough to create a couple of abilities in the ninth rank. His opponent was a liquid stage cultivator, so a comparison between their reserves of fuel was impossible.

Divine Demon tried to spread his influence to the white walls, but they didn't react to his incredible law. They appeared impossible to affect. His mind struggled to analyze them even after the glow of his Deduction technique shone from behind his eyes. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"We had the chance to oppose this decision," The old cultivator continued. "This trap is expensive, and it expresses how none of us would have been able to capture your law safely. However, none of us tried to convince Heaven and Earth otherwise. We all respected and feared you enough to ask for the rulers' help."

Divine Demon didn't care about those praises. Countless calculations happened inside his mind as he tried to find a way out of that situation, but his thoughts could only reach dead-ends.

Fighting a liquid stage cultivator was a difficult feat, even impossible for rank 8 cultivators, but Divine Demon felt strong enough to succeed in that challenge. Yet, the unique environment that Heaven and Earth had prepared for him seemed to destroy his hopes.

Divine Demon couldn't gather more energy. He had no matter to affect, and he also felt reasonably sure that even his opponent couldn't take down those walls unless they fulfilled their purpose. Heaven and Earth committed many mistakes, but they rarely left such striking flaws out in the open.

The trap appeared perfect. Divine Demon believed that the energy inside his centers of power and the small amount of fuel gathered from the outside world could create an attack that could affect his opponent. Still, it would be almost impossible to defeat the old cultivator with a single blow. Moreover, he wasn't sure whether the white walls would fall after achieving that victory.

"Did you do all of this for me?" Divine Demon eventually asked. "It's almost flattering."

"You should feel flattered," The old cultivation responded while waving his hand to highlight the white walls. "Don't see it as a trap. This is a formal invitation. Your existence can become the foundation on which Heaven and Earth will reach the tenth rank. You can become the core of the strongest existences in the world and help them advance to throughout the future stages."

"Did you rulers know that I would rather die than submit?" Divine Demon asked while scratching his chin.

"Obviously," The old cultivator responded. "Heaven and Earth's study doesn't only involve raw power. It uses countless calculations and divinations meant to predict how much potential each law has. It even inspects how beneficial they can be to the rulers' existence, but you might want to know that they went even further with you."

The old cultivator raised his arm, and his gesture made the whiteness radiated by the walls intensify. A heavy pressure fell on the void, and matter almost began to fill it due to the radiance's density. That light also carried the same power as those shining edges. It was energy in the upper tier.

Divine Demon's eyes widened when that energy shone on him. His flesh seemed to rejoice when it spread its effects on his figure. It felt like a fuel capable of nourishing his existence in ways that no other energy had ever done before. It actually resembled his very law, only in a version that belonged to Heaven and Earth's system.

"This is a prototype of what you'll future law will be if you accept to join the system," The old cultivator stated while wearing a knowing smile. "Don't bother trying to exploit it. I've never seen so many protections and traps in a single place. You wouldn't be able to use it for your own power even if you were at the peak of the cultivation journey."

"Why showing it to me then?" Divine Demon asked as he waved his hand among that light.

"As a proof of our honesty," The old cultivator replied. "You can inspect it and decide if it's good enough. Heaven and Earth are willing to modify it as you desire. You only have to surrender your existence to the system to become a peak rank 9 cultivator with an existence made exactly as you want."

"You must really want me," Divine Demon laughed.

"You have no idea," The expert smiled. "You wield a unique power. You might even be the key to handle every unexpected situation that the future steps of the cultivation journey will place in front of Heaven and Earth."

"With the first being my heir," Divine Demon added.

"Indeed," The old cultivator chuckled. "Noah Balvan will probably reach the peak. That's something that Heaven and Earth know to be almost impossible to stop. That's an unavoidable consequence of their mistake. He will continue to grow stronger as the rulers get closer to their goal."

Divine Demon fell silent. His hands swam among the dense radiance as his existence tried to affect it. His Deduction technique couldn't understand much, but it made him aware that his power couldn't touch that light. It wasn't only a matter of difference in power. That fuel had specific counters that made it untouchable for his law.

"Is this fear?" Divine Demon asked. "Do you fear us so much?"

"Heaven and Earth do," The old cultivator announced. "They don't believe that you can win, but they know that you can cause many problems. This is to prevent the worst possible outcome."

"Which is?" Divine Demon asked as his eyebrows asked in curiosity.

"Your team becoming so strong enough to force Heaven and Earth to start everything again in order to defeat you," The old cultivator explained. "They do not fear defeat, but they know that you can make them waste a lot of time."

****

Author's notes: You can guess what has happened. All the chapters will come out. I only need a few hours to write them.