Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Chapter 1962 1962. Summon

The separate dimensions created by King Elbas didn't only block sounds. Something so simple couldn't work against existences who had elevated their laws into the shape of worlds, even if that power came from Heaven and Earth. He had to go deeper and build something meant specifically for Jane to make that ability effective against her existence.

Jane tried to speak a few more times before bringing her hands to her throat. She then checked her chest but only confirmed that everything was working perfectly. The issue was with the world, but that discovery didn't bring any happiness. It only proved how King Elbas could create promising prototypes of her counters in a matter of a few exchanges.

Jane instinctively opened her mouth to compliment King Elbas, but she limited herself to smile when she recalled that no sound could come out of her. The expert had locked out her power.

King Elbas didn't believe that defeating a liquid stage cultivator could be so easy, but he didn't waste that chance either. He raised his hand and created a mass of flames that took the shape of a giant reptilian head that he didn't hesitate to throw toward his opponent.

The reptilian head gave birth to fiery scales as it flew across that quiet area. The creature transformed into a massive serpent that slammed on Jane's figure and made the entirety of its flames flow on her. It didn't explode. Instead, it contained its power so that more of it could hit the cultivator.

King Elbas stared emotionlessly at the scene. He sensed his flames burning flesh and energy, but the event didn't make him happy. He wouldn't let emotions affect his judgment before actual data reached his mind.

The flames unleashed their power and dispersed, revealing the charred figure under them. Jane had transformed into a gory corpse, but she was still alive. Her world remained unaffected because King Elbas' energy didn't manage to affect her existence.

The charred figure revealed a gory smile as new flesh replaced the burnt skin, muscles, and organs. Jane soon regained her enchanting aspect, but her smile remained ugly, at least in King Elbas' vision.

King Elbas might have isolated her in an environment where she couldn't use her power, but that didn't make him able to kill her. His attacks lacked the depts necessary to affect her world, which was everything when it came to a battle at that level.

King Elbas' eyes glowed with a golden light as countless thoughts filled his mind. His normal abilities appeared useless in that situation, and the same applied to most of the inscribed items in his stash. Attacking was pointless if he couldn't hurt his opponent, and his consciousness struggled to find something that could work there.

His only idea remained the jelly-like material, but he had already used it multiple times in his battles against Heaven and Earth's followers. They would eventually find ways to counter it as long as it remained in its imperfect form, and King Elbas didn't want to end up without his trump card.

King Elbas had already proven that his attacks could reach the middle tier in terms of power. The liquid stage was basically at that level, so he knew that he could hurt Jane. The issue in that approach was with the amount of material required with each ability. He would almost need to go broke a few exchanges.

His space-rings and other storage devices had entire factories built inside them. King Elbas would never run out of inscribed items as long as he had enough materials to feed to those techniques, but the problem was exactly with that matter. He was facing Noah's issues. The Immortal Lands weren't able to offer him a satisfying number of resources to fuel all his creations.

Jane's smile broadened when she noticed that King Elbas hesitated to come up with a decision. She eventually shook her head and began to fly toward the edges of that unique separate dimension to leave those restrictions.

The event forced King Elbas to disregard his plans and tactics. He had always felt proud of his ability to be prepared for everything that the world dared to throw at him, but it seemed that the cultivation journey was forcing him to forsake that feature.

Golden light shone inside the separate dimension as King Elbas took out the entirety of his inscribed items. Some had almost reached the middle tier on their own, but they exploded into waves of flames anyway.

The sea of flames quickly condensed to give birth to a nine-headed hydra that entangled its long necks around Jane. The expert felt the need to escape those flames, but the creature radiated multiple pulling forces that made her unable to run away.

That power was odd. The different pulling forces and the various destructive properties contained inside the flames clearly belonged to multiple items. They even seemed to fight each other to prevail, but the lingering aura of the hydra forced them to cooperate by the time they expressed their power into the outside world.

Jane found herself burning, and that sensation reached far deeper than her simple skin. Her existence was on fire. Those flames were threatening her very world, and a mere rank 8 cultivator was the reason behind that damage.

The woman tried to gaze at King Elbas while the nine reptilian heads opened their mouths and pointed them at her. She wanted to see his victorious face and compare it to her memories of Divine Architect, but she remained stunned when she caught a glance of her arrogant opponent.

King Elbas wasn't smiling. He didn't even feel proud about the power he had generated with his inscribed items. Nothing mattered for him unless he saw actual results.

Jane sighed in front of that scene. She felt a deep respect for Divine Architect, so she loathed King Elbas for ruining his chance to reach the same state. Still, the battle could only have one outcome if it continued like that.

Jane acknowledged how her existence had a deep flaw that King Elbas could exploit in the creation of counters. She was part of Heaven and Earth's system, which gave her similar features to every other follower.

Her world obviously was completely different, but King Elbas could use the similarities with the other experts to quicken his inspection and develop counters in no time. He could even work faster than Heaven and Earth for that exact reason.

Ways around that power existed. Some involved exhausting King Elbas' resources. Others saw him against multiple experts who had complicated worlds. However, Jane believed that even those tactics had a chance to fail, especially after she had witnessed the events connected to Sword Saint's breakthrough.

Jane could only think of a path that had to ensure King Elbas' death and resolve quickly filled her eyes. Her existence intensified until it reached a critical point that the flames consuming her didn't hesitate to worsen.

The massive power gathered inside her figure hurt her world but gave her a small opportunity that she didn't hesitate to seize. Jane managed to perform a short shout, and the soundwaves that she released destroyed the hydra around her and the separate dimension at the same time.

The attack didn't hurt King Elbas at all since he had put enough distance from his opponent. He prepared his jelly-like sphere to unfold the unique separate dimension again as he waited for his consciousness to inspect Jane's state. Still, he stored it when he realized how deeply the recent attack had hurt her.

Jana appeared pale, and her throat was in pieces. The damage spread to her lungs and world, which affected the amount of power she could muster in that situation. She would normally need millennia of seclusion or Heaven and Earth's help to recover completely, but her priorities didn't involve either plan.

"Divine Architect," Jana whispered as blood came out of her injuries. "I summon you to deal with this arrogant challenger."