Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1967 1967. Expectations

Two almost opposite forms of final energy fused inside King Elbas and affected his existence. One of those fuels countered everything he was and wanted to destroy him. The other had to mix with his higher energy to create something different.

The two purposes sounded unable to mix. One required the destruction of King Elbas' law, while the other needed it to exist to perform the fusion. The two final energies would even destroy each other if it weren't for their different goals. They had nothing against their counterpart, so it felt easier for them to resort to compromise.

The fusion appeared as the only solution. The two final energies couldn't come up with a decision as separated fuels, so they hoped that conclusions would appear on their path once they obtained a joint perspective of the issue.

The fusion was far from silent. The two fuels had very different levels of power other than meanings. Those differences made the process messy and violent in certain spots, which inevitably hurt King Elbas.

Still, King Elbas was ready to die, and pain didn't scare him. Also, his consciousness wasn't completely awake, so the waves of pain that spread inside him didn't trigger any reaction.

The two fuels soon transformed into a single form of final energy that was better than its two initial materials. The power in its fabric appeared complete even if its level had fallen in the lower tier.

The process resembled what had happened to Noah's potential. His absorption of Isaac's ability had improved that incredible fuel, but that had affected its overall amount. Of course, having less energy didn't mean being weaker when that substance had transformed into something stronger and more effective.

The new final energy was weaker than its previous versions in terms of cultivation level, but it carried a far purer power. It knew exactly what to do with King Elbas' law, and it didn't hesitate to start affecting it.

The fusion couldn't happen before the destruction because the latter would lose its purpose in that approach. King Elbas' existence would be different after fusing with the final energy, so the destructive intents of the puppet's fuel would lose its target.

The destruction had to happen first, but it couldn't be an annihilation. It had to shatter King Elbas' existence and let the fusion happen with the shards released during the process.

The final energy started to affect King Elbas' existence. It didn't take much to shatter it into countless pieces due to its specific features. The law built throughout millennia of struggles, sacrifices, and pain crumbled, but its features and aspect remained intact as they started to disperse in the world. Only the useless and unstable parts turned into dust that instantly disappeared among the whiteness.

King Elbas technically died. Many important pieces of his existence were still intact, but they weren't together. His law transformed into a series of aspects trying to disperse into the world, but the final energy didn't let that happened.

The fuel could finally handle its second purpose. It had to fuse with those many pieces of King Elbas' existence and let them transform its fabric. Even he didn't plan anything specific when he activated that process, so he had no idea what it would become of his law after everything ended.

Generally speaking, that imperfect and reckless action already went against King Elbas' existence. He was using himself as a guinea pig in an experiment that had no conclusive data. The process was far away from his standard of perfection. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Still, that was part of his plan. Everything that King Elbas had ever planned until now had failed, so he had to step into the reckless field. Part of him had even started to loathe his previous existence due to the failure that it had turned out to be, so he didn't mind that temporary destruction.

The final energy absorbed the shards of King Elbas' existence and made them disperse inside its incredible fabric. The fusion was flawless since most of that fuel had come out from his higher energy, but no one could predict the transformations that followed.

King Elbas didn't manage to develop a plan that involved the final energy because that fuel had erratic behavior. It could lead to unforeseen conclusions even after giving it a precise meaning, so it was impossible to predict what it would cause when it didn't have an exact purpose.

The fuel didn't need to use much of its power to shatter King Elbas' existence. It remained a substance in the ninth rank when it started fusing with the intact shards, but a second empowerment of its fabric began as the absorption continued.

The final energy didn't have a precise meaning after the fusion, so it innately strived to create a stable product. Yet, every piece of King Elbas' existence carried his deep desires and knowledge. His law was willing to shatter and step on an impossible path due to a mere glance to a form of power that went beyond everything he had ever managed to wield.

King Elbas' determination was already in the realm of monsters. His resolve, knowledge, and desires could also match what drove Noah, Sword Saint, and his other companions. He was the only one who couldn't see and appreciate those features of his existence because he wanted more.

Seeking perfection had made King Elbas blind to his real power. His toxic and desperate need to match his peers without ruining his existence and remaining at the peak of his fields had tainted his incredible achievements.

King Elbas could create habitations inside the void and prepare armies of items meant for those missions. He could ignore the limits of his existence and built tools that suited other laws perfectly. He could invent formations that the world had never seen by simply fusing all the random stuff that his storage devices used to contain.

King Elbas had secretly felt inferior to Divine Demon since the latter could surpass him in his best fields without knowing anything about inscription methods. However, his companions had never seen the issue in those terms. Divine Demon's existence allowed him to win, but it didn't make him superior.

Even Noah had admitted countless times how King Elbas was a monster. His group often teased him due to his iconic seriousness, but no one dared to underestimate his power.

Noah and the others would go to King Elbas when they had come up with a crazy plan that required a second opinion. Everyone would take him as the last judge and helper in every situation. King Elbas was the only one who had ignored all those details because he wanted more.

Those mistakes became clear after everything that remained of his existence fused with the final energy. King Elbas regained a vague sense of awareness, but his mind felt incredibly clear after the frail parts of his laws had dispersed into the world.

King Elbas had never been weaker than others. He had only desired to be so strong that even his unreasonable power appeared below average in his vision.

King Elbas had never been ignorant about the inscription field. He had only considered perfection as acceptable, which turned everything under that as flawed or weak.

That moment of clarity allowed King Elbas to express one desire, a single order that almost sounded like a plead to the final energy. The world didn't hear it either since it was happening in the insides of his fuel. He asked that imperfect fuel to turn in who he had always been before his expectations became suffocating.

****

Author's notes: I took a nap. I'll work on Demonic Sword before going back to Chaos.