Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1985 1985. Stingy

The scene was breathtaking. The fabric of the world shattered as Noah and King Elbas unfolded their auras and showed the full potential of their cultivation level.

Both experts had access to energies that went beyond the simple "Breath", but that alone wasn't enough to justify the insane power carried by their auras. Their existences carried far more, and the two cultivators near the tree could understand how they got their hands on such a defying might.

King Elbas' final existence was hard to explain, but the two cultivators understood the analogy with the final energy. The expert could express more power due to the higher quality of his law. He wasn't only purer. He stood on higher realms even if his cultivation level had yet to reach the ninth rank.Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Noah was far different. He was a complicated existence who had stolen laws and techniques to add them to his aspects. Those parts of his true meaning had become so strong that his centers of power struggled to fuel them at times.

The effects that those two different existences could spread into the world were astonishing, and they didn't only involve mere destruction. The energy in the fabric of space and whiteness transformed under Noah and King Elbas' influence, and the two cultivators could study those changes before their opponents absorbed it.

Noah's influence forced the energy of the world to evolve. The transformation wasn't immediate. His anger focused on destroying those laws before rebuilding them into beings or substances that wanted to oppose Heaven and Earth. The two cultivators couldn't see the complete process because his greed ended up absorbing that power before it gained a significant form.

King Elbas' aura made everything shine with a golden light. The tainted laws couldn't help but glow with the same radiance that made his body, and trails of energy inevitably flowed inside him. Still, part of that fuel ended up leaving his figure and returning to the world in a far purer shape.

Noah never failed to absorb that pure energy, so a large crack slowly expanded behind him as his aura continued to rage. He resembled the embodiment of destruction in that form, but his companion soon scolded him.

"We need a battlefield to fight," King Elbas scolded.

"Don't be so stingy," Noah complained. "Give me more of that power."

"I'm trying to fix what you are breaking!" King Elbas snorted.

"Don't make it so appealing then!" Noah continued.

"Come on," King Elbas sighed. "Turn everything black, and let's move to the other issue."

Noah heaved an annoyed sigh, but he abided by that suggestion. The pulling force that his body naturally released stopped affecting his surroundings, but his influence remained. A dark halo slowly took over the whiteness around him and expanded to close the cracks in the sky.

The two cultivators didn't know when the surprises would end. Noah and King Elbas had shown how their rank 8 auras could rival liquid stage experts in terms of power, but that was only a first demonstration of their actual strength. A threatening sensation accompanied the cracks that had followed that event, but even they eventually vanished.

An expanding black spot had replaced the cracks now. Noah's influence was transforming his surroundings. The part of the sky infected by his aura began to echo his enmity toward Heaven and Earth and started to attack the whiteness.

"That's not better!" King Elbas shouted when he saw cracks appearing where the white and black sky clashed.

"Nothing ever pleases you," Noah responded.

"You only made everything worse!" King Elbas added after ignoring the obvious tease. "Stop destroying everything."

"I'm not sure that I can," Noah shrugged his shoulder. "We are in Heaven and Earth's world. It's in my nature to break it."

"Forget it," King Elbas gave up. "Let's focus on the battle."

Noah laughed before closing his eyes. He couldn't control the nature of his aura, but he could decide which aspects would influence the world. Everything about him wanted to go against Heaven and Earth, but he could find something that didn't make the battlefield fall apart.

The blackness around him stopped expanding and started to condense until it transformed into a thin liquid that resumed spreading into the world. The influence radiated by the dark material forced the sky to evolve into a similar substance. Noah was infecting his surroundings without destroying them.

"It wasn't so hard," King Elbas whispered.

"I must warn you," Noah exclaimed while scratching the side of his head and inspecting the expanding blackness. "This thing will probably take life at some point. The destruction will resume then."

King Elbas shook his head, but he couldn't add anything. He couldn't change Noah's existence, and using his power to go against it would only make him push back even harder. That was one of the weaknesses of fighting with such a strong expert, and he couldn't do anything to avoid it.

The two cultivators stared at the expanding blackness for a while before deciding to unfold their auras. Two different worlds appeared before Noah and King Elbas, but their power didn't cause any conflict when it spread into the world. The two existences even blended when they met each other.

The old-looking cultivator's aura was dense and menacing, but it had no shape. Noah and King Elbas tried to study its nature as it seeped into the fabric of the world, but it was impossible to understand what it did in that situation. They could only confirm that it contained an insane amount of power.

Instead, the enchanting woman's aura was thin and almost invisible, but its effects were quite obvious. Both Noah and King Elbas began to struggle to focus on her since her power tried to affect their minds.

"You can have the woman," King Elbas uttered. "Illusions and similar techniques would only make me desire to break them."

"I don't think they'll let us split them," Noah guessed as he placed his swords on his shoulders. "We can try, but we'll probably do better if we unleash everything we have on killing them right away."

"You shouldn't limit yourself to your swords then," King Elbas commented.

"You should use one of the weapons created inside your habitation then," Noah mocked as a wide grin appeared on his face.

King Elbas also smiled before pointing his spear forward. His crown brightened and filled the area with a blinding light that made the two cultivators unable to keep track of their opponents. The glow lasted for less than a second, but a golden beam promptly replaced it.

The old-looking cultivator snorted before raising his open palm toward the beam. He closed his hand with a quick movement, and a series of explosions resounded inside the attack. The powerful golden light never managed to reach him.

A crack suddenly opened between the two cultivators. Both of them instinctively turned and prepared for Noah's attack, but more cracks spread all around them without revealing their opponent.

The cultivators had studied Noah's battle style deeply. They knew about his sudden attacks, but that unclear turn of events left them confused.

Their confusion only increased when the dark world engulfed them and suppressed their power. The two cultivators only needed to make their auras burst outward to get rid of that technique. Still, the entirety of the dark matter transformed into slashes that converged toward their position before they could realize what was happening.