Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1988: Noises

The sudden turn of events left Noah and King Elbas stunned. The former even stopped chasing after his opponents when he saw what the enchanting woman did to her companion.

The old-looking cultivator acted as a partial shield that allowed the liquid stage woman to dodge the scorching beam completely. The attack pierced her position and tore a fake layer of whiteness to reveal that the expert had already moved to a distant spot.

The enchanting woman didn't use that chance to run away. She remained still in her spot and even crossed her legs. She was clearly waiting for Noah and King Elbas to approach her, but the duo didn't immediately do as she wished.

King Elbas and Noah exchanged a confused glance full of hidden meanings. They decided to wait until the energy contained in the beam dispersed before making up their minds about the situation.

The scorching beam flew across the sky for a long time, but it eventually started to disperse. King Elbas' new attack had been incredible, and the state of the old-looking cultivator proved how powerful he had become.

A gory mess appeared among the sky after the scorching beam dispersed. Patches of charred flesh floated among the whiteness, and a dense aura enveloped them to prevent their dispersion. The cultivator's world even tried to bring those body parts together to start a healing process.

"You should kill him now," The woman shouted from her distant position. "Heaven and Earth will eventually notice his status and restore him."

Her comment only intensified the confusion that was filling Noah and King Elbas' minds. The duo approached the charred flesh, but they didn't dare to get near it yet. The dark world expanded, and a golden glow followed as the two experts tried to understand whether the woman was trying to trick them.

"Everything seems to be right," Noah stated after the dark world inspected the area to look for the presence of illusions or similar techniques.

"I can't find anything either," King Elbas added. "She really threw him into my attack. Can you explain that?"

Noah shook his head, but he didn't forget to warn his companion. "This shouldn't help Heaven and Earth's fairness either, but I'd be wary of eventual traps."

"Maybe he will explode if we kill him," King Elbas guessed.

"That wouldn't stop us from killing him," Noah exclaimed.

"I'll take part of his flesh," King Elbas declared.

"You can take all the flesh," Noah uttered. "I only need to kill him."

"What about the energy inside the world?" King Elbas asked.

"How much do you need?" Noah asked.

"As much as I can get," King Elbas announced.

"Is nothing enough?" Noah joked.

"I'll take only a fourth due to my magnanimous nature," King Elbas sighed.

"And because I'm crazy enough to help you get in the sky," Noah concluded, and the two experts approached the charred flesh.

Noah and King Elbas could see what was happening in the outside world, but the same wasn't true for the enchanting woman. Her senses and mental waves couldn't go past the dark matter, but she wasn't even trying to study the two experts. She continued to wait in her position for her enemies to be over with her companion.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

King Elbas took a strange set of golden claws from inside his body. Those weapons resembled pointy nails that he could wear on his fingers, and their power could tear the sky open if misused.

The expert quickly donned those claws and used them to pierce the liquid stage cultivator's world. He proceeded to seize every piece of charred flesh carefully and store them inside his body. Soon, nothing remained of the powerful old-looking man. Only his dense influence continued to float among the waves of dark matter.

King Elbas took a few steps back to let Noah handle the rest. The latter performed another inspection of the area before wielding the Cursed Sword with two hands and allowing his bloodlust to intensify.

The dark world helped intensify the bloodlust. Noah's thoughts grew violent and turned into an unstoppable drive that tried to make him go crazy. Yet, his mind was too powerful to fall prey to their influence.

Noah's destruction made use of the bloodlust to study ways to hurt the liquid stage cultivator's world. He even made his ambition focus solely on his body and Cursed Sword. His battle against Gratia had proven how his power still fell a bit short when it came to experts at that level, but he planned to close that gap now.

The dark world did more than creating a perfect environment where the bloodlust could thrive. It sent waves of dark matter toward the Cursed Sword to reinforce its structure and increase its power by copying its features. The weapon in Noah's hands grew, and gales started to rotate around it.

Black lines appeared on the dense aura that represented the liquid stage cultivator's world. The expert tried to speak, but Noah didn't care enough to lift the restrictions of the dark world. The Cursed Sword descended in the quiet environment, and storms followed the slash.

The dark matter inside Noah's technique churned and raged. The slash sent an immense wave of sharp power forward, but the dark world did its best to keep it inside its edges.

Containing the power on Noah's slash wasn't an issue since the cultivator's world ended up enduring the entirety of the attack. The problem came from the shockwaves released by the impact between the two forces. The dark world inevitably shattered in some spots, but more dark matter flew out of Noah's body to refill those areas.

The powerful slash sent anger, sharpness, and hunger, and it even detonated the destructive lines that had seeped into the world's structure. That was the best performance of the Cursed Sword, but even that turned out to fall short when it came to liquid stage experts.

Noah saw how his slash failed to touch the same realm where the cultivator's world stood. His attack crossed the dense aura, but its nature made it unable to hurt that power.

"Can you even do it?" King Elbas asked after studying that scene.

King Elbas didn't face the same weaknesses when it came to his many assets. He created them with the energy that made his body, so they could hurt the world of liquid stage cultivators. However, Noah was different since his companions were independent beings.

"Just continue to keep the other in check," Noah ordered before focusing on his technique again.

Noah couldn't do much to increase his effectiveness. He was already relying on all the aspects that could improve his power against Heaven and Earth's followers. Only his ambition could help there, and he didn't hesitate to pour more of it into the Cursed Sword.

The dark aura filled with faces fused with the dark matter that flew toward the Cursed Sword to empower its structure. The weapon started to tremble due to the amount of power gathering around it, but Noah made sure that its fabric remained intact.

The tremors gave birth to high-pitched sounds that resounded throughout the dark world. Those noises carried the weapon's bloodlust and Noah's destructiveness. They were so intense that King Elbas had to retreat farther away to avoid deploying defensive techniques.

The high-pitched noises stopped when Noah slashed toward the cultivator's world. Complete silence filled the area, but no storms followed. The impact with the world didn't originate any shockwave, but a crack opened in the dense aura floating among the dark matter anyway.