Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2012 Teamwork

Dark matter covered Noah's chest and hid his injury. His healing abilities kicked in, but it would take them a while to fix the deep wound opened by the drawbacks of the Cursed Sword.

Meanwhile, Noah inspected Dinia. The expert had just taken a direct hit from the new ability of the Cursed Sword. That was one of Noah's strongest attacks, but the result of the exchange had been disappointing. The liquid stage cultivator didn't suffer any injury and continued to shine with his white glow.

Night was finally safe, but Noah didn't feel any better. His opponent seemed invulnerable. His world made Noah think about Divine Demon, which was enough to describe how unreasonable it was.

'The privileged cultivators are like us,' Noah concluded in his mind before glancing at the cracks in the distance.

Heaven and Earth's light passed through the cracks, but it didn't illuminate the void… It dispersed quickly and created an area where the rulers' influence was weak and almost non-existent. The situation was different near and inside the barrier, but the experts weren't too close to that structure.

In theory, Noah had the chance to reveal his trump cards without informing Heaven and Earth, but that only if he managed to kill Dinia. That decision sounded almost obvious in his mind, but his instincts didn't feel too sure about that. Dinia seemed to stand in a realm that he couldn't reach.

Noah's face grew colder as ambition flowed into his being. Roots came out of his body, Snore materialized at his side, Duanlong appeared behind him, dark matter covered his skin to create a fiendish armor, and a pulling force started to flow from his figure. He called upon the entirety of his assets, and his law empowered all of them.

Dinia's confident smile flickered lightly before returning to its firm state. The expert didn't fear Noah, but the sight of his full power left him stunned nonetheless.

Noah's mind was in the ninth rank, and his other centers of power reached a similar level after experiencing the empowering of his ambition. The massive snake, the odd dragon, the Pterodactyl, the dangerous black roots, and his blades also approached that realm as his law continued to provide a temporary boost.

That was simply too much. Dinia knew many privileged cultivators, so he had seen a similar display of power, but that made sense in their case. They wouldn't be worthy of their elite state in the sky if they couldn't reach a similar level with time, resources, and the ability to study the path past the ninth rank.

However, Noah had managed to amass a similar amount of power on his own. A single rank 8 existence could deploy six assets in the ninth rank and still make his base level reach that realm.

Dinia felt in front of an entire platoon of experts who shared his status as a privileged cultivator. Noah had built an army connected to his existence, and each of those assets could claim a unique place among the sky.

Dinia didn't show much as cold thoughts filled his mind. The entirety of the sky knew that Noah and his companions were dangerous, but no scene could prove that point better than what he was witnessing. Noah had the potential to destroy plans that had avoided facing hindrances for entire eras.

"I don't understand how Caesar can even think about letting you live," Dinia exclaimed before inspecting his hands. "Look at me. I've cultivated and perfected my world for countless years. Heaven and Earth's fairness is weaker on me, but I'm still not suffering any drawback. Do you understand what it means?"

Noah knew the answer to that question, but he remained silent. In his mind, words had become useless. Only chilling violent thoughts could run inside his consciousness now.

"Heaven and Earth's fairness should go against them," Dinia explained after seeing that Noah didn't say anything, "But you are an exception. The world itself is stating that your power is unfair!"

Noah answered that statement by forcing his energy to amass in front of him. The void didn't have fuel that he could use, but that didn't stop him from building a rotating black star that soon transformed into a black hole.

"I know that attack," Dinia snorted. "It's weaker in the void." Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

A golden glow followed his words. King Elbas launched a scorching attack toward the black hole, but the energy inside his beam shattered to fuse with that rotating structure.

Dinia shot a glance toward King Elbas, but he quickly fixed his eyes on Noah again since the black hole went through another transformation. Its structure collapsed and threatened to release the entirety of its power right away, but the pulling forces unleashed by the two dragons and the pressure generated by Noah's mind forced it to remain in the same spot.

Noah added his bloodlust, his anger, and every form of energy he could find inside him to empower the unstable black mass expanding in front of him. He didn't know how much Dinia could endure, but he planned to find that out. He wanted to see the expert's limit so that his mind could start to find ways to destroy him.

Dinia's expression slowly grew solemn. The unstable mass touched the realm that only liquid stage worlds could reach before continuing to grow. King Elbas even threw more attacks toward the structure to add his power. Noah was probably planning to make it arrive in the solid stage, and Dinia wouldn't remain still during the process.

"My perfect self wouldn't let you complete this technique," Dinia announced before pointing a hand toward Noah.

Five bright beams shot out of his fingers and flew toward Noah, but the latter disappeared together with his unstable mass of energy before they could converge on him. Dinia snorted again and waved his hand to destroy the layer of space that revealed Noah hidden inside the Shadow Domain.

A copy of the expert materialized above Noah, but time suddenly stopped for that opponent. Noah punched his enemy away before shooting higher in the sky. His movement technique was weaker in the void since the laws of space there belonged to fields that he couldn't affect yet, but he still retreated by a lot.

Dinia's real figure took a step forward before disappearing. He materialized behind Noah, where he delivered a simple palm strike that seemed to contain enough power to shatter entire regions. However, the scene broke after that energy filled the area and revealed nothing more than blackness.

Dinia shot an annoyed glance toward Sepunia, but a golden glow soon filled his vision. A wave of scorching energy enveloped him, but the white radiance released by the inscriptions on his body soon dispersed it.

"My perfect sel-," Dinia began to announce, but an immense wave of power soon entered the range on his consciousness.

The expert glanced above him to notice that Noah had forced the unstable energy to shrink until it became a thumb-sized sphere. Its dark surface had started to release an intense light due to the amount of power in its insides. It seemed ready to explode, and it even reached the breaking point when its level stepped into the solid stage.

Noah promptly pointed his blades toward the sphere. The tips of his swords converged on the mass and made the entirety of his sharpness flow downward.

The result of his action created a descending wave of power that engulfed Dinia. A black pillar appeared among the void and generated enough energy to create storms. The blackness of that empty environment suddenly experienced gales capable of flinging King Elbas, Sepunia, and the restrained dragon away.