Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2016 Sides

The breakthrough of the parasite had drawn Noah closer to King Elbas' condition. Noah and the plant had sealed a vague deal, but that didn't prevent it from drawing a lot of power anyway. He could sustain those expenses, but the situation was far from ideal since the absorption hindered the already slow growth of his body.

The payoff was great. The parasite had become incredible in the ninth rank, but that wasn't enough. Noah had to grow without forsaking his other companions, and the stormy regions couldn't satisfy his requirements. Those areas even lacked the challenges that his ambition needed to improve unless he met other privileged cultivators.

The sky seemed the only target left in a world that could satisfy Noah. That place had even gained a new interesting vibe after Dinia revealed what Heaven and Earth could offer. The sole idea of gazing on the paths past the sky almost made Noah and King Elbas unable to focus on other projects.

However, the group couldn't leave right away, especially after witnessing Dinia's power. Noah had decided to start the mission in the sky once he and his companions completed their preparations. Yet, that could take a while. They intended to infiltrate the very home of an enemy capable of controlling the entire world. They didn't know if they would feel confident even after spending millennia planning the journey.

Confidence wasn't the core of the mission. King Elbas and Noah had to reach the sky since the rest of the world couldn't satisfy their requirements. The former even needed a chunk of that white material to stabilize his new existence. The matter wasn't as vital for Noah, but it would be soon since it was becoming clear that his current power was already reaching its limits.

Noah's situation had multiple issues that the ninth rank was highlighting in ways that he didn't foresee. His companions were turning into existences worthy of his incredible standards, which made his superior centers of power unable to keep up. He probably had the best foundation in the entirety of the Immortal Lands, but that alone wasn't enough to contain so many unique creatures.

Only Night, the Cursed Sword, and the parasite had reached the ninth rank, but that was already enough to create problems. Snore, Shafu, and Duanlong had yet to step at that level, but they would inevitably worsen his condition after their breakthroughs.

Night, Snore, Shafu, and Duanlong could avoid causing too many problems for Noah. He couldn't do anything about the weight of their existence, but they could decide not to absorb too much energy from the environment.

That could give Noah enough space to continue to grow, but he didn't want his companions to limit their improvements, especially when they weren't to blame. The Cursed Sword could literally kill him at its current level, so they would never be the most significant aspect of the issue.

Bringing his centers of power to the ninth rank was the only solution to the problem. His dantian could remain behind, but his body was in desperate need of the breakthrough. Noah had reached the point when he couldn't withstand the same power that he had forced his companions to seize, and he couldn't allow that to continue. It went against everything he believed in.

It felt almost hilarious to face those problems after going through countless years of insane requirements. Noah had nearly believed that his body would be able to withstand everything, but he had ended up surpassing his own expectations. His assets were approaching the same amazing state that had been unique to his centers of power until now.

The solution existed, and Noah even felt to have a clear path toward it. The only issue came from the location that could solve his problem. Only the sky had enough energy to satisfy all his assets, so the mission had to start as soon as possible.

King Elbas and Sepunia dealt with the black metal while Noah focused on the dragon. The group had to develop countermeasures for Heaven and Earth's power and gain a new ally. Luckily for them, both projects relied on their knowledge about that unique material.

"Can you stop studying me and start doing something?" The dragon voiced an annoyed growl.

"Stop complaining," Noah snorted as he continued to use the dark world to inspect the creature's current state. "I'm trying to reverse something that Heaven and Earth have completed in countless years. I don't know how possible it is to bring you back to your previous state."

"I thought you were one of Heaven and Earth's major problems," The dragon complained. "It turns out you can't even deal with a single curse."

Noah felt the vague desire to kill the dragon on the spot, but he held himself back as different approaches took form in his mind. Truth be told, he had underestimated how deeply Heaven and Earth had affected the creature, and the modified black metal inside it even limited his influence.

The transformation had even affected far more than the body. The dragon was a rank 9 magical beast, so its power released an influence that resembled a world. That aura targeted Heaven and Earth's enemies and weakened their power even if it felt safe.

Heaven and Earth had done an excellent job at creating an incredible living weapon. Noah could see how the rulers were preparing themselves for the final battle. The improved cultivators and the modified dragons probably were only some of the assets that would join the last struggle before the second attempt to reach the tenth rank. Still, they were already threatening enough to worry him.

'My team can probably deal with these threats,' Noah thought as his inspection continued, 'But the dragons don't have any chance.'

The final battle didn't look too grim. Heaven and Earth were immense and had an army of assets that Noah couldn't inspect in its entirety. However, the opposite side had the dragons, the monster outside the sky, the old rulers, and his organization. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

'The world is probably forcing this balance to happen,' Noah thought as approaches continued to form and shatter in his mind. 'It initially favored our side, but the scales of Heaven and Earth's fairness have slowly started to move on the opposite side due to our power.'

The talk about Heaven and Earth's fairness was clear in his mind and revealed a flaw that he had started to experience in the last period. Noah and his companions were freeing the rulers of their restrictions as they continued to step on the ninth rank. The dormant state probably was the only reason behind the temporary lack of harsher punishments.

Noah couldn't stop getting stronger, and he couldn't ask his companions to do that either. He didn't care about the world's system. He preferred to make the balance unable to understand his power rather than bend to it.

"What if you never went back to your previous form?" Noah asked as he understood how he wanted to proceed.

"I want my body back!" The dragon roared.

"To what end if I may?" Noah questioned. "Heaven and Earth have captured you once. They can do it again if you limit yourself to going back to your previous form. Instead, I can give you the chance to transform again and become something that they can't touch so easily."