Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2033 Breakthrough

Noah's dantian seemed to shrink on its own. The muscles around the organ remained still, and no evident energy flow happened to create that event. However, he could sense the potential accumulated throughout millennia of battles and defying acts vanishing to fuel that breakthrough.

Ethereal faces appeared on the dantian's edges as it shrunk to condense the energy in its insides. Noah's organ drank the fuel he used to push his level beyond its normal limits to evolve and meet his insane standards. His incomplete world seemed to tremble as it dictated rules that he didn't know to have set.

The ethereal blackness knew what Noah wanted. He had created it for that exact reason. His incomplete world was aware of his desires and goals, so it checked the amount of potential filling his dantian to see whether it had to accept that breakthrough. The imperfect world couldn't say anything about the matter. Noah had done his math correctly, so the evolution continued.

It had taken a while and deep improvements, but Noah was finally there. His darkness transformed into a gas so dense it seemed to have liquid properties. Moreover, the dark light it radiated made his dantian and his body ecstatic. The pure ambition that his existence carried brought a new wave of improvements to everything he had.

Caesar's annoyed face crumbled when he sensed the intense ambition that seeped inside the whiteness and flew in every direction. His eyes shone in excitement as he realized what was happening. He could almost smell the breakthrough from his position. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Dinia and the other cultivators also understood what was happening. It was impossible to ignore the black currents that left Noah's body and darkened the bright area by tainting Heaven and Earth's whiteness. The rulers' glow seemed unable to stop the advance of that dense power. Noah's new ambition was violent but also gentle. It forced everything to evolve against its will, but it made sure to generate a flawless process.

Noah didn't deploy the dark world, but the scene gave that idea to the audience. The light had lost access to his surroundings. He had created a black spherical area that continued to expand as more energy fell prey to his forceful influence.

Everything had to evolve because Noah existed. The whiteness of the sky found itself unable to oppose that process. Its laws would typically try to fend off his influence, and they even had the power to do that, but they couldn't find the desire to defend themselves. Those true meanings and matter couldn't refuse the ambition, and they didn't know why.

The crackling avatars soon fell prey to that influence too. Noah's darkness had yet to reach them, but they couldn't oppose the captivating energy that filled his surroundings. The puppet experienced the deep desire to immerse themselves in his ambition and evolve since their very structure wanted to go through that process.

Noah's darkness wasn't only giving everything around him the chance to improve. It was awakening in those laws the same desire that had existed inside him since his first meeting with a dragon. The world experienced his ambition and let him affect it.

Dinia and the others could sense the captivating sensations that Noah's ambition was sending into the whiteness, and some of them even gave in to them. Yet, the strongest among those experts remained focused on the issue and knew that they had to interrupt the breakthrough.

Dinia and the other two privileged cultivators launched attacks toward Noah, but they soon discovered that the dark area around him wasn't like the dark world. It had appeared after he experienced the transformation caused by the ambition, so it was far stronger compared to its previous state.

The three privileged cultivators still destroyed giant chunks of that area, but the darkness continued to expand and taint more whiteness. It even affected the energy released after the impact of the experts' abilities. Nothing could survive its influence unless someone with enough power opposed the process.

Noah sensed a good part of the darkness generated after the breakthrough flowing inside the ethereal blackness. The incomplete world often sent it back since it didn't meet its standards, but the potential in its structure ended up improving it during the process.

That made the dantian fall into a cycle of improvements that generated flares of darkness that spread in the environment. The enhanced energy forced the organ to grow further, which made it release a stronger fuel in the area.

The process continued until the incomplete world felt that the darkness produced by the dantian met the insane standards set by Noah. The ethereal blackness accepted the energy at that point and fused it with the fuel created by his mind, generating something stronger than both of them.

The ethereal darkness then sent part of its fuel toward Noah's mind and dantian. The two centers of power experienced another series of improvements before stabilizing at a higher level. His ambition finally reached its intended level, and the breakthrough ended.

Noah felt his existence brimming with power. He had never experienced something similar. He felt whole like never before, but he also sensed that something was missing, even if part of it was about to come.

King Elbas left the dark area in a hurry while dragging Sepunia and the dragon through golden ropes that didn't give them the chance to go back inside the darkness. The creature appeared lost in its desire to experience the improvements provided by Noah's ambition, and Sepunia also was in a daze. Her bright smile revealed pure ecstasy as she felt her world improving by merely standing near her leader.

King Elbas wanted to remain near Noah, but he had managed to stay calm enough to recall what would follow that breakthrough. Caesar also had decided to retreat a little, and his gesture made his companions remember what was about to arrive.

Noah's dantian stabilized as the breakthrough ended, and the darkness in its insides started to flow toward the black hole. The connection between the two centers of power was incredibly tight, and the new energy inevitably caused a transformation that didn't come from the ambition's effects.

The breakthrough gave a new starting point to the black hole. The new darkness had to transform into higher energy, but the event ended up destabilizing the fourth center of power.

The black hole went silent for a mere instant before expanding past the edges of the area affected by the ambition. Raging waves of dark matter began to rotate around Noah's figure to create a pulling force that made entire chunks of the sky crumble even if those surfaces were far away.

The whiteness seemed to retreat due to the sheer pressure radiated by the black hole as it continued to feed on Noah's darkness to find a new stability. It forced the dantian to produce fuel non-stop to reach the harmony that it had lost after the breakthrough. Still, the process didn't seem about to end anytime soon.

Noah felt unable to keep up with the needs of his black hole. The center of power wanted too much darkness, but his dantian had just improved. It simply couldn't refill its insides as quickly as the mass of higher energy needed.

The black hole risked dispersing or devouring Noah as it continued to accumulate power without finding stability, so he decided to go all-out… The ethereal blackness sent its fuel to the dantian, and a pillar made of the dark energy that represented his ambition suddenly shot out of him.