Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2036 Awakening

The sky's whiteness had already stopped shining on the dark world due to the influence that it radiated. Still, the high-pitched noises echoed by the fiendish puppets only highlighted that situation. Noah seemed in the process of taking control of Heaven and Earth's home. He had singlehandedly become a tumor that expanded among that powerful material.

Noah's assets were unique. Heaven and Earth couldn't replicate them even with the help of privileged cultivators who had vast experience in the inscription field. Their incredible features came from his very existence, so no one could hope to match them. Of course, that didn't apply to him.

The dark world could replicate everything. It could take any shape, element, or meaning as long as Noah had enough power and understanding. After the breakthrough, he had finally become able to show its true might, which went far beyond the blueprints that he had created in the past.

The fiendish figures had blades instead of hands. Those weapons carried the destructiveness and violence iconic of the Cursed Sword. They were obviously weaker than the actual asset, but the three privileged cultivators couldn't notice that difference when so many of them expressed that power.

The incredible event didn't stop there. Countless roots that expressed the same corrosiveness as the parasite came out of the dark world and entangled themselves around the fiendish figures to increase their power.

Anger, ambition, and other aspects of Noah's existence also seeped out of the dark world in the shape of waves of energy that fused with the fiendish figures. Those puppets transformed into beacons that radiated Noah's incomplete world with its many features, and there didn't seem to be a limit to their power or numbers. The dark world could simply mass-produce them thanks to the workshop. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Noah didn't need blueprints to create that army. His black crystal had long since memorized every inch of his existence, so it could replicate it perfectly, even if in a weaker form.

The three cultivators could see right through the army of fiendish figures and understand its weaknesses. They were frail, and Noah didn't have much potential left to push their power past the halfway mark of the lower tier. However, they remained disposable assets that he could recreate in no time. Also, their flaws didn't prevent them from spreading his influence throughout the sky and on his opponents.

Dinia and the others had always known that Noah would have turned into a real threat after reaching the ninth rank, but that was too much. Heaven and Earth prided themselves on the immense power they had accumulated throughout eras. Still, Noah seemed able to match it right after stepping into the last stage of the cultivation journey.

Every avatar under the upper tier had just become useless. The same went for the cultivators with borrowed power under the solid stage. A single mission inside the sky had made Noah immune to the vast majority of Heaven and Earth's assets, and he had merely stepped into the ninth rank. That wasn't even the end of his breakthroughs.

It felt insane and unfair that a single incomplete world could contain so much power. Heaven and Earth surpassed Noah in the number of aspects that they could deploy, but they were nowhere near the power that he could make them express.

His current situation was enough to explain how powerful he had become. Noah was an expanding black spot in the immensity of the sky that the whiteness appeared unable to contain, and the audience could only remain stunned at that sight.

Dinia and his two companions knew how bad the situation was, but they didn't despair. They accepted that their opponent had stepped on their realm, but that wasn't enough to make them run away.

The battle would be tough, but they had survived the strongest beings in the world to remain independent. Noah didn't overcome Heaven and Earth, so they could defeat him.

The three privileged cultivators prepared themselves to express the peak of their worlds, but a tremor suddenly ran through the sky and expanded in the white light that it radiated. A lot had crumbled during the battle, so the shining surfaces were far away from Noah's position, but the event managed to reach his technique anyway.

All the fiendish figures standing on the dark world lifted their heads without stopping echoing the high-pitched noises. A series of bright pillars descended from the white surfaces in the distance and fell on the weaker cultivators.

Caesar stopped laughing when he understood what was happening. Curiosity appeared on his expression, while the three privileged cultivators ended up heaving sighs of relief.

The sky continued to tremble and filled the area with deafening noises that resembled a series of roars as the pillars continued to shine. The high-pitched laughs of the fiendish figures began to lose ground, and the clash between the two sounds caught King Elbas, Sepunia, and the dragon in the middle of two forces that they couldn't oppose.

A flare made of that matter quickly shot toward the three experts and made them enter into the safety of the dark world. King Elbas, Sepunia, and the dragon searched for Noah as soon as they entered his technique, but he didn't show himself. His entire focus had to be on the whiteness around him. The roars that had seeped out of the sky had announced Heaven and Earth's awakening.

The pillars dispersed all of a sudden, revealing ten tall figures that shone with a blinding light. Noah only needed a glance to understand the nature of the new threat and its power. Heaven and Earth had deployed the liquid stage versions of the improved cultivators seen inside the separate dimension.

"It was about time," Dinia shouted while inspecting those reinforcements.

"Defying Demon's breakthrough only forced the rulers to awaken," The woman next to Dinia said. "It seems that these experts really have the power to tilt Heaven and Earth's fairness in our favor."

"Was this part of your plan?" The man next to Dinia asked while glancing at Caesar. "I might start to believe that you aren't completely crazy."

"You all lack foresight," Caesar announced, "And you still underestimate Defying Demon if you think that Heaven and Earth's awakening would change something."

The three privileged cultivators turned toward the dark world only to discover that the army of fiendish figures had charged forward. A rain of slashes filled the area with dark-red and dark-purple lights that flew toward the experts, but the improved assets promptly jumped ahead to face those attacks.

Chaos immediately unfolded as the very fabric of space shattered in multiple areas and different shades mixed to fight for the ownership of that area. Destruction spread in every corner of the battlefield, but the improved cultivators managed to keep a piece of the battlefield safe. Parts of their bodies directly exploded during the process, and one of them died, but the others fulfilled their task.

Dinia and his two companions waited for the waves of destruction to disperse before shooting ahead, but they halted their charge when a barrage of giant feathers filled their vision. Their powerful minds became unable to keep track of their surroundings when those weapons exploded and unleashed the peak of Noah's destruction in the area.

****

Author's notes: What presses me the most is removing the misconception that I've lost interest in Demonic Sword. I know that many of you believe that Chaos is the reason behind this messy schedule, but that couldn't be farther from the truth. My second novel is a necessary break from the project that has occupied every day in the last 2+ years.

My love for Demonic Sword is immense. I'm not exaggerating when I say that this novel and you all have changed my life for the best. I literally dream about having enough time and will to rewrite the whole story with the level of English developed in these years just to give it the quality it deserves.

Anyway, the rant is over… I just felt the need to say this.