Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2042 Echo

King Elbas had learnt to make his creations work together long ago, but he had never applied that effect properly due to many reasons.

The expert had always created items as he improved, which had often put him in a similar situation to Noah. King Elbas ended up throwing away most of his past tools simply because his expertise or level granted him the chance to build better things.

The lack of materials, especially during the last phases of his journey, had affected his ability deeply. King Elbas was an unparalleled genius who could act as an entire army of workshops during his usual meditations or sparse battles. Yet, even the best builder in the world couldn't do much without suitable tools, and the destruction of the higher plane had only worsened that issue.

Strangely enough, the constant lack of materials had been one of his main drives toward the final energy. King Elbas didn't have access to something as flexible as the dark world, so he had to rely on his expertise to change the nature of his resources to turn them into something that he needed. The last state that the energy in Heaven and Earth's system could reach was the answer to his problems, and he had stopped at nothing after finding a path that led to that realm. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

The instability caused by his abrupt transformation during the gamble with Divine Architect had put part of his new power on hold. King Elbas had finally seized the best possible energy, and his victory had even provided him with a vast stash of valuable materials. Still, he had to prioritize other projects at that point.

The mandatory aspect of the mission in the sky had forced King Elbas to ignore most of his ideas. That approach was nothing more than a curse for him, but he couldn't let his mind wander when his very life was at stake.

The success achieved in the sky had forced King Elbas to spend a long time carefully bringing his existence to the ninth rank. The process had been flawless, without requiring grand feats or impossible tasks since he had been almost ready to become a world since after Divine Architect's events. Still, it had needed his complete concentration, which slowed down his ability even further.

The travel toward the monster had also tried to hinder his expertise, but that was too late by then. King Elbas had to prioritize creations that could hurt that empty creature, but he didn't need to disregard other projects anymore. He had gained access to the full power of a world born from an existence made of final energy. There was virtually no limit to the number of projects that he could pursue simultaneously.

The appearance of Dinia and the other cultivators had changed his priorities again. Time wasn't on King Elbas' side there, but Noah fixed that issue for him. The latter had managed to keep the group from Heaven and Earth at bay with the help of a single barrier, and that had been enough to give King Elbas enough space to take over the battle and show how strong he had become.

Hundreds of puppets in the ninth rank came out of King Elbas' figure before resonating with each other to fill the entire cage with a blinding golden light. Their individual level didn't matter during that joint attack. They seemed able to enhance each other's auras freely, without even bothering to consider structural limits or similar issues.

Most of the puppets were in the lower tier, but a large team even touched the peak of the middle tier. Only three of them stood in the upper tier, but their purpose didn't appear battle-related. Those three powerful weapons worked as cores for the massive joint attack unleashed before anyone could even come up with countermeasures or defenses.

Dinia and the other three privileged cultivators almost couldn't believe their senses when the golden light flew toward them. They could clearly sense that the might of the attack stood firmly in a realm that even their best techniques would struggle to face.

According to normal labels, privileged cultivators in the liquid stage could be as strong as solid stage experts and even touch the peak of that realm. Yet, King Elbas went far beyond that by creating an attack capable of worrying all four of them at the same time.

Dinia and the others immediately unleashed defensive abilities, and the same went for the cultivators busy fighting against Noah's attack. Still, only the privileged experts managed to protect themselves against that fast wave of scorching light. The others had to see their improved centers of power burn, suffer serious injuries, or directly shatter.

Noah had killed only two gaseous stage improved cultivators, but King Elbas' light burnt eight more of them in an instant. The remaining five experts at that level had to use their companions and everything in their power to avoid death, but they still ended up in a badly injured state.

The five liquid stage improved cultivators saw the roots suppressing them burning under the effects of the light before that attack fell on them. The parasite's branches gave them more time to deal with the massive energy discharge, but they suffered multiple injuries anyway. Most of them found themselves without limbs, skin, or entire chunks of their bodies.

The light didn't immediately vanish. The energy that didn't find opponents fell on the barrier and added power to its formations. Those complicated lines started to glow with more intensity, and a vast part of the void soon transformed into a golden environment that only the blackness of the monster could fend off.

Noah spread his arms and glanced at King Elbas to question him silently. The golden light didn't affect his dark world or Night, but it destroyed the parasite's branches.

"I have no idea how to make my energy consider that thing as an ally," King Elbas shortly explained after understanding the source of Noah's faint annoyance.

Noah couldn't only nod in agreement before recalling Night, Snore, and the dark world. He had yet to reach his structural limits, but he preferred to avoid pushing himself so hard when his companions could handle the battle on their own. Instead, he decided to spread his aura to make his ambition start the transformation.

King Elbas had already predicted that outcome. His barrier didn't stop Noah's ambition at all. It actually echoed its effects and drove it directly toward the monster. Dinia's group could inspect that process, but the situation didn't allow them to focus on that empty existence.

The privileged cultivators had only suffered slight injuries after facing the golden light, and their expression had grown solemn. They could confirm that one of their greatest fears had come true. King Elbas had really become as strong as them right after stepping into the ninth rank.

The event wasn't surprising, but Dinia's group still found it disheartening. They had always been proud of their talent, but that didn't feel so incredible anymore.

The army of puppets still occupied most of the barrier. The improved cultivators who had survived the light didn't know how to approach their opponents, and Dinia's group also failed to understand how to lead them properly in that situation. Still, pink shades suddenly appeared on their bodies and forced them to divert their attention from the golden threats.