Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2054 Beyond

A long and vast crack spread behind Noah after he reappeared above the first storms on his path. The world slowly healed, and he disregarded the event as he descended among the chaotic laws.

His instincts led him throughout that messy environment and quickly allowed him to find a landmass. An immense mountain chain filled with currents of chaotic laws unfolded in his vision, and he could only nod at that sight.

The environment was harsh, and the presence of a surface didn't improve it. The chaotic laws added and removed materials to the mountains without ever allowing them to disappear. Only the underground world appeared somewhat safe from the storms, but they didn't scare Noah. He was more worried about eventual predators who had gained an interest in him after his incredible performance.

Noah could rely on his instincts to find the perfect spot where to deploy the chrysalis. He landed in an area where three mountains met and unfolded the dark world to hide his presence. Shafu, Night, Snore, and Duanlong also came out of his figure and began to patrol the dense insides of his technique.

The black crystal dealt with everything. It controlled the dark world to make it hide Noah's presence and blend the dark matter with the environment. The technique seemed to transform into another mountain that didn't reveal anything about its insides.

Noah wanted to add a bit more to his defenses, but he preferred to spare energy since he preferred to have more fuel than needed in case something went wrong. Everything was perfect and ready according to his instincts and black crystal, but he still desired to be careful.

Noah inspected the dark word one last time before letting the drowsiness take over him. He closed his eyes and crouched among the dark world while crystals materialized on his skin and expanded. The dark matter fused with them and slowly created a chrysalis. The breakthrough started as soon as the structure stabilized.

The evolutions of Noah's body had always been different in their details. He had initially experienced the memories hidden in the Light-devouring dragons' bloodline since his existence had yet to harmonize with his new state. Then, the dreams had started to disappear, but his consciousness had always been relatively unreliable during the process.

That didn't happen during the current breakthrough. Noah felt completely awake. He couldn't see past the edges of the dark world, but he could sense everything happening in its insides.

His focus naturally moved to his body. Noah watched as his ethereal blackness shone with a dark light as his flesh improved. His incomplete world set the minimum standard that his fabric had to reach to become part of that structure, and the process inevitably took a long time.

Nevertheless, the wait felt quite bearable. Noah actually enjoyed watching the many improvements slowly fusing to give birth to a new fabric that even his mind struggled to evaluate properly. His body evolved past the limits of his understanding, led by an intense potential that didn't seem to know satisfaction. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

The desire to gain power had always been at the core of Noah's existence, and the ethereal world expressed that feeling. Its influence allowed him to appreciate that spectacle. He admired the result of countless years of struggles converging toward the last realm. He had dreamt of that event since he first learnt about the divine ranks, but he was there now.

The inevitable exchange of fuels with the ethereal blackness happened after his body stepped on the ninth rank. Yet, the event took a different shape now that the process involved his very flesh.

Primary energy made his skin, muscles, bones, and organs, so the exchanges with the ethereal blackness made his figure wither and shatter. Still, the incomplete world always sent more power after empowering it in its incredible environment. Each cycle improved Noah's body, and new stability eventually appeared in sight.

Something that Noah had long since predicted happened after the ethereal blackness accepted the level of power reached by his body. The new primary energy fused with the fuel contained inside the incomplete world and forced it to achieve a superior harmony. The mass of potential that Noah had created after studying his copies activated on its own to empower its very structure.

The ethereal world knew that it could reach higher realms after obtaining the four energies that made Noah's existence. Its insides expanded, allowing even more fuel to accumulate and provide the energy needed to stretch its limits.

Noah's potential rose again, toward levels of power that he couldn't possibly predict when he first created the ethereal blackness. His world improved and expanded until it found new stability and repeated the exchanges of energy.

Noah's black crystal, dantian, body, and mind went through another cycle of improvements. The process didn't require additional energy since his world soon started to generate pure potential on its own. The exchanges transformed into a series of deliveries of fuel that had the sole purpose of enhancing his centers of power.

The process took a while, but Noah almost desired to slow it down to experience it properly. Of course, his world didn't listen to that whim since nothing could overcome his desperate need to seize power quickly. Still, his instincts reacted to his mindset and intensified the feelings radiated by his improvements.

Noah bathed in his existence, and his ecstasy culminated when everything stopped. His ethereal blackness refilled its insides after his centers of power became unable to improve even more, and pure silence spread throughout his consciousness.

The chrysalis quickly shattered and transformed in energy that the dark matter ate in no time. Meanwhile, Noah kept his eyes closed as he let his sensations overwhelm his mind.

Noah felt complete in ways that he had never managed to achieve before. His centers of power were still different organs, but they barely felt separated. The matter didn't only involve a mere connection caused by his existence. They were unique and identical at the same time because they belonged to the ethereal blackness.

The same obviously went for his companions. Noah could feel their thoughts and presence more clearly than ever. It almost seemed that they were extensions of his mind or hands. Each aspect of his arsenal was unique, and many carried individual wills, but they were also Noah because he was the very world that contained them.

Everything was in place. Noah didn't feel the slightest pressure on his body. His dantian was ready to burst with power, and his black crystal barely used its abilities since nothing required its attention. Even his mind experienced a peace that went beyond the normal calmness.

Noah felt at the very peak. He could sense himself standing on the last step, but stronger emotions soon destroyed that mental state. His ambition burst out with an intensity that he had never experienced and made him aware of a desire that existed beyond laws now. That level of power wasn't enough to satisfy him. He needed more. He would always need more.

The dark world seemed to understand his desires. His companions went back inside his figure as the dark matter dispersed, but a surprising scene prevented him from remaining deep in his ecstasy.

'What the fuck?' Noah cursed in his mind when he saw that the environment had transformed. The iconic fabric of the sky filled every corner of his vision.

****

Author's notes: I ended up listening to your advice and taking Sunday off.