Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2067 Organs

Getting involved with the orange city so quickly wasn't in Noah's plans, but the current state of the higher plane didn't offer many chances to find something outside the dull whiteness. Moreover, the apes' special fuel felt interesting since it could give him insights into the old rulers' growth.

"How can you hear the orange city's voice inside this environment?" Noah asked.

"The old rulers know the sky very well," The first ape explained. "They can send signals capable of reaching each side of the higher plane."

"I'm afraid only those touched by the orange city can hear its voice," The second ape added.

"We'll see about that," Noah commented before placing his hands on both apes and focusing his attention on their organs.

The dark world understood Noah's intentions and began to mimic the functioning of the apes' organs. He was an expert in the magical beasts' field, but those creatures had many parts that didn't originally belong to their species, so he had to test them out before finding what he needed.

Part of their ears turned out to have a special connection to their incomplete minds. That link created a special instinct that allowed the apes to hear eventually signals sent by a unique source. That chunk of the organs existed with the sole purpose of noticing the orders of the orange city.

'I bet the old rulers have other uses for these organs,' Noah guessed.

The organs seemed able to mimic the innate effects of the magical beasts' pride, something that the old rulers couldn't express naturally. Still, those body parts appeared almost perfect after he played its effects inside his mind.

'Are they exploring the magical beasts' path due to their enmity toward Heaven and Earth?' Noah wondered. 'I might be overthinking the matter. These organs only sound like a good method to control underlings for now.'

Noah couldn't help himself when the old rulers were involved. He still treated them as potential enemies for obvious reasons. Yet, they had given him no reason to be wary of them for now, so he accepted them as allies. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

'Let's hear this call,' Noah thought while making the dark world mimic the part of the organ connected to that feature.

The dark matter transformed and changed its nature before strange sounds quickly started echoing inside the dark world. He could hear the usual crackling noise of Heaven and Earth's lightning bolts, but there was something deeper inside them. He noticed faint anxiety that explained why the apes had almost exhausted themselves to return to the orange city.

The crackling noise was incredibly clear, but a wall seemed to appear in front of it from time to time. That cover tried to hide the source of that sound and sway away those listening to it, but the dark world managed to ignore those attempts and highlight the direction that theoretically led to the orange city.

The apes remained in awe of Noah's power. Their organs couldn't reach that level of clarity, let alone ignore Heaven and Earth's attempts to hide the calling. They quickly turned toward him with a request in their minds, but they lowered their gazes when they recalled that he wasn't a proper companion.

"I will get you there," Noah announced before the apes could muster their courage to voice their request.

The process of recreating the organ had been relatively easy, and that told Noah that the calling wasn't as simple as it sounded. The old rulers knew how to remain hidden among the sky, so they would never send something that could uncover their position. They wouldn't even use signals that Heaven and Earth could block.

The apes wore ecstatic expressions, but Noah ignored them as he shrunk the dark world in the shape of three fiendish armors that covered the trio. He even left a connection in place to make sure that he didn't lose the creatures during his sprint.

"Don't fight it," Noah growled. "You won't feel anything, but you might not like it anyway."

The apes didn't dare to question Noah, and they couldn't say anything either. His last growl had reminded them of their position in the food chain. He was at the very apex while they were lost among the sea of weaker species even after the old rulers had improved them.

The space-time array replaced the world in Noah's vision. Moving the various lines felt harder since he was dragging the apes with him, but everything eventually bent under his will.

Noah shot forward. He was so fast that many would mistake his movement technique for a teleport. His acceleration was so great that his destruction struggled to keep up at times and forced him to slam into the weak sky.

The impacts with the sky didn't slow down his advance. Noah pierced everything as he sprinted toward the source of the crackling noise. He even made sure to drop the quasi-living workshops whenever he reached a suitable spot.

The apes were completely lost during the sprint. The dark matter around their bodies kept them safe, but their instincts screamed in fear whenever Noah's destruction failed to destroy the sky before their arrival.

Noah's pride was the only reason behind the apes' silence. A battle between sources of fear happened in their minds, but he always won. Crashing on the sky at that speed could leave them badly injured or even kill them, but he could do far worse.

The crackling noise intensified until a giant empty aura unfolded in Noah's vision and forced him to interrupt his movement technique. Everything behind him crumbled and created one of the longest cracks in the fabric of space that the higher plane had ever witnessed, but he barely looked at it.

The empty area featured the same black clouds Noah had seen with the lizards, but they felt slightly different now. They had gathered into multiple spots to create black masses, and a trace of anger raged in their insides.

The clouds released precise lightning bolts toward the center of the empty area. There didn't seem to be a target, but Noah could sense something hidden behind the fabric of space. The old rulers' aura even leaked into the sky whenever the crackling attacks managed to open fissures in that tough cover.

The apes grew restless at that scene. They wanted to shoot forward, even if that meant ignoring Noah's suppression. He inspected them for a few seconds before releasing them to see how the clouds reacted to their arrival.

The clouds immediately diverted their attention on the two apes and launched precise lightning bolts that carried the power of the upper tier. However, two giant slashes crashed on those attacks and devoured their energy before they could fall on the creatures.

A familiar pressure converged on Noah. He could feel Heaven and Earth glaring at him. He had interrupted their hunt, and he only shrugged his shoulders to justify his behavior.

Heaven and Earth lost interest in Noah after the apes disappeared at the center of the empty area. Even he lost track of them when they crossed a specific spot. There seemed to be a passage, but he had no intention to inspect it for now… Noah wouldn't miss the chance to watch a battle between the old and new rulers.