Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2070 Spherical

The formation used the various shards of the avatars as cores that the roots connected to the weak sky. Heaven and Earth didn't seem to care about the amount of energy that they wasted now. They had already partially forced the old rulers' hand, so they would only gain from keeping them in that state.

Noah's arrival didn't change that behavior. The old rulers were still deploying part of their real power, so Heaven and Earth were winning. The latter had never planned to destroy the orange city in a single attack. Instead, they preferred to slowly drain their opponents now that they had almost complete control over the higher plane.

"What made you change your mind?" The old rulers asked through proper words echoed from the buildings under Noah.

"I couldn't stand seeing Heaven and Earth winning for so long," Noah announced. "Besides, I don't want you to show everything you have in store. I still plan to use you against the rulers in the future."

"You could have just lied," The old rulers complained.

"Where's the fun in that?" Noah laughed before slowly bending forward. "I'll blow up some cores. Be ready."

"It's too dangerous to charg-," The old rulers tried to warn Noah, but they interrupted their line when they noticed that a crack had replaced his figure.

Noah sprinted toward one of the shards and kicked it. The entirety of his physical strength flowed into his target and filled it with cracks before shattering it completely.

The shard released the energy that it had accumulated during those short seconds. An explosion engulfed Noah and tried to push him away, but he didn't move at all. The shockwaves crumbled when they fell on his skin, and no marks appeared either.

The energy tried to flow toward the other shards, but the multiple pulling forces coming out of Noah's figure captured it before it could become part of the formation. Heaven and Earth didn't like that outcome and tried to launch their roots toward him, but the white structures could only generate clanging noises when they slammed on his skin.

'The upper tier isn't enough to hurt me in my current state,' Noah thought before casually waving his swords toward the roots.

The battle was happening in the void since the previous exchanges had shattered the fabric of space. Still, the old rulers felt sure that the casual slash carried enough power to create a massive hole in the whiteness.

A giant slash flew toward the roots. The attack didn't carry the many aspects of Noah's world, but its violent might expressed enough power to destroy those structures and reach the sky in the distance behind them.

Both the rulers and Heaven and Earth understood the nature of the situation at that point. In that state, Noah's physical strength could rival some of the strongest magical beasts in the upper tier.

Noah had managed to bring the embodiment of power into realms that the original creator had never even imagined. His four energies had created a far stronger unstable substance, and his incredible body allowed the black crystal to overload it with that fuel in ways that no other creature could endure.

Moreover, the ambition added power to that already unfathomable mix. Noah's body alone was more than enough to deal with that Tribulation. Heaven and Earth had yet to deploy something capable of hurting him.

Noah didn't stop at one shard. He quickly shot after the next core and destroyed it with a simple kick before slashing at the roots connected to it. He then repeated the process, leaving Heaven and Earth to powerlessly watch as he ripped apart the formation with nothing more than reckless assaults.

Heaven and Earth couldn't let that process continue, so it activated the formation. A spherical wave of whiteness fell toward the orange city and created a descending attack that left no openings.

Noah could only end up among that whiteness. He had managed to weaken the final state of the attack after destroying a few cores, but the result remained above what his body could defeat through a few blows. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

The whiteness felt like the strongest metal in the entire world as it pushed Noah toward the orange city. He couldn't fight back that force, and his blades were unable to pierce that seamless array.

Noah was almost about to change the nature of his empowerment, but the old rulers helped him before he could show more of his power. The buildings moved and revealed the same pit that had defeated the avatar during the apocalyptic event.

The old rulers pointed the pit in the opposite direction of Noah's position and released an orange ray of light that immediately halted the white arrays' advance. Then, dense lightning bolts filled the insides of that attack and crashed on the spherical ability, creating a spiderweb of cracks that expanded until it filled the whole structure.

Noah's eyes lit up when he saw the cracks reaching his position. He headbutted the spherical structure to open a hole and shoot past it. Still, another white array unfolded in his view when he finally escaped the first.

A giant figure quickly materialized behind Noah as his potential started to flow toward another part of his arsenal. Snore showed its figure in all its might and unfolded its wings to reveal the giant feathers full of destructive power.

'Break that thing,' Noah calmly ordered through the mental connection.

Snore hissed happily as its feathers started to shine with a dark light. Beams soon came out of them and converged toward a single spot of the white array. The spherical attack didn't immediately break, but Snore seemed to have an endless amount of destructive energy.

The beam shrunk as Snore forced its power to focus on an even smaller area. Cracks slowly appeared on the white array before a complete hole took form and allowed Noah to shoot forward again.

Noah felt glad to see the formation after crossing the second spherical attack. Snore materialized in the area again as he shot toward the shards. The two of them soon resumed their systematic destruction of the cores through kicks, slashes, and destructive beams.

Heaven and Earth tried to create a third spherical attack, but Noah and Snore destroyed the cores too quickly, and they eventually made the formation unable to complete its technique. The rulers found themselves out of options and hesitating only worsened the condition of their assets. They could launch far more, but they didn't know if that investment of energy was worth it.

The orange city eventually pierced past both spherical attacks and showed its giant structure in the void. Lightning bolts also shot out of its crackling array to help Noah destroy the formation. It wouldn't take long before every shard transformed into energy that they could absorb.

Heaven and Earth could take out stronger Tribulations, but they decided to back away. Noah's presence would only ruin their initial plan. Prolonging that battle would worsen the slight losses endured during the short fight and make their investment unable to match the energy that the old rulers had depleted.

The formation soon transformed into currents of energy that spread among the void before falling prey to one of the pulling forces in the area. Noah glanced at the weak sky in the distance when the process was over, but nothing came out of it… He only felt Heaven and Earth's attention slowly waning to state the end of the battle.