Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2079 Woman

Dinia had always known that Noah was incredible, but that was too much even for a temporary enhancement. Noah's offensive was relentless, deadly, and unavoidable. Even stronger cultivators would inevitably get caught in the middle of the countless powerful attacks that carried different features.

The two blades were incredibly powerful. The Demonic Sword was basically Noah, so it could fuse two layers of dark matter and enhance its power beyond its normal limits. Instead, the Cursed Sword made use of his bloodlust to create highly destructive attacks capable of threatening even the strongest defenses.

Moreover, Noah backed those swords with his immense physical strength and profound aspects. His mind even instinctively led him toward spots that his opponents would struggle to defend. Everything on him had the sole purpose of killing his enemies. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

The situation didn't improve with his companions. Duanlong was annoying with its ability to absorb energy even when it was still inside Dinia's body or world. Night was invisible in that mess, and its deadliness was unmatched. Snore was a powerhouse equipped with one of the most dangerous substances in the entire higher plane, and the parasite was simply dangerous.

Shafu even helped whenever Duanlong couldn't deal with the enemy offensive on its own. Attacks would change their course on their own for no apparent reason and create openings that Noah didn't hesitate to exploit.

The army of dragons and fiendish puppets weren't too dangerous compared to the rest of Noah's assets, but they became highly annoying in the middle of that mess. Their offensive wasn't great, but they contained enough energy to threaten even privileged cultivators.

Noah himself wasn't weak. His centers of power could touch Dinia's realm after experiencing the boost of the ethereal blackness' potential. Noah was also hard to follow due to his deep understanding of space and time. He seemed to have no weaknesses, but Dinia knew that even that mighty opponent had an inevitable flaw.

Perfection didn't exist in the world. Noah could make up for most of his shortcomings with his potential and companions, but his power had the usual flaw that had afflicted him for a long time. His base level remained inferior to his opponents, so he had to push himself harder than them, leading to higher energy consumption.

The ethereal blackness' immense size partially helped balance that weakness and the same went for his centers of power' higher quality. Noah could theoretically last as long as stronger experts, but drawbacks would eventually arrive, and there was no fix to that issue.

Dinia had to decide how to face Noah. He couldn't overpower his opponent as he did in the past, and the sheer number of assets against him made it impossible to create an even fight. He could buy himself some time and wait for the drawbacks to arrive, but that didn't suit his perfect self.

"You are strong," Dinia spoke from inside the currents generated by the detonation of the puppets. "You deserve my full power."

A pillar of white light pierced the storms and dispersed them. The few traces of whiteness in the area vanished to converge toward that bright event. Even the weak sky in the distance ended up falling apart to give Dinia more power.

Noah deployed the dark world under him to recreate his disposable army. He didn't hold back, and Snore's featherless state proved that. Yet, Dinia had survived his attacks and was still able to express more power.

'He isn't the average privileged cultivator,' Noah concluded in his mind.

The pillar slowly converged until Dinia became visible again. His body had turned completely white, and bright marks appeared on the void whenever he waved his fingers or simply moved. Still, he didn't shine. It seemed that he tried to contain most of his power inside his figure.

"You know," Dinia announced. "My perfect self is a projection of what I believe I should strive for. You have your ambition to overcome the limits of your current ranks, but those restrictions don't exist in my world. I've lived for many eras, so I know exactly the shape of my best form. Well, now you also know it."

"Your imagination must have run dry during these eras," Noah mocked. "It's not wise to use a temporary boost against me. You are challenging me in my strongest field."

Dinia smirked coldly. Noah had understood that his current form had a time limit after mere seconds. The former was a scary opponent, and his statement had also been on point. Dinia had basically chosen to fight Noah on his own field.

"Are you scared?" Dinia teased.

"It's not hard to understand what you did," Noah sighed. "Your perfect self is literally perfect. I can predict that all your techniques will be stronger right now. Still, using Heaven and Earth's energy against me is quite dumb."

"This energy is mine," Dinia laughed as he waved his hands to inspect the bright marks that he left on the void. "Besides, you shouldn't underestimate Heaven and Earth when your woman has lost against them."

Noah's eyes inevitably flickered as the memories of the Tribulation against the lizard appeared in his mind. He didn't know whether Dinia was telling the truth, but he didn't seem the type to lie.

"Did you lose your ability to speak?" Dinia chuckled. "To be fair, some advised against attacking that stubborn woman, and I was among them. I know that you like to hide behind a mask of coldness, but you have the heart of a magical beast. Your instincts force you to feel something, and those emotions can be dangerous for Heaven and Earth."

Noah didn't say anything. He limited himself to inspect Dinia as he prepared his next attack. His mind couldn't find weak spots in the cultivator's current form, so he had to create them.

"I see," Dinia laughed again. "You don't want to be funny anymore. It's fine. Words have always been useless after reaching this point."

Noah raised his swords to the sky, and a pillar of dark matter flowed through them. Entire branches of the parasite grew inside that giant structure as his ambition enhanced the most destructive aspects of his world.

"Do you want to end it in a single attack?" Dinia continued to tease. "That's good for me. This form doesn't last as long as your ambition. I'd rather end it in one blow."

Noah continued to remain silent. Snore added its destructive energy to the pillar while Night fused with its structure. Duanlong entered inside his body to prepare for the imminent discharge of energy. Instead, his disposable army rose to fill the entirety of the battlefield. Those puppets felt ready to self-detonate, and their explosion would also engulf Noah from their position.

"Do you want to make a bet?" Dinia asked. "I'll tell you how she died if you win. Still, if I win, I want you t-."

Dinia didn't have the chance to finish his line since the army exploded and made the entire area fall into pure chaos. Noah lowered his blades at that point, and his pillar ended up clashing with a blinding wave of whiteness that pierced the storms of dark energy… Another detonation happened, and no sound followed that event.