Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2081 Encounter

Noah's advance through the higher plane grew faster. He wanted to improve and find old allies quickly. He needed answers about June and talking with someone who had witnessed the expansion of the fake sky couldn't hurt.

The dullness of the journey didn't change, but Noah became able to ignore it. His purpose appeared clearer now, even if it had yet to take a proper form. The desire to do something and grow as an influential power in the universe was a powerful drive that perfectly suited his ambition.

Noah had long since grown tired of the whiteness around him. Even his amazing feats were nothing when he considered the current state of the world. He had done things that regular experts couldn't even dream of achieving, but Heaven and Earth felt unstoppable.

The rulers had suffered countless defeats, but they didn't appear any weaker. Instead, they had been able to improve after experiencing those setbacks. They had never controlled the higher plane so tightly, and they had failed to find their current stability in entire eras.

Noah wanted to do more than cause messes. He desired to be a calamity capable of turning the non-world pale. His sole presence had to become something that prevented Heaven and Earth from progressing, and power was the sole key behind that dream.

Noah's sense of direction improved after planting quasi-living workshops for many years. He had a connection with all of them due to the fake cores in their insides, so he slowly created a mental map of the entire higher plane. He could adjust his path more accurately as time passed, and he even started to eliminate areas as potential destinations due to their lack of lifeforms.

Something in the dullness of his journey eventually changed. Noah was flying as usual when a foreign presence entered the range of his consciousness. He had finally found someone, but he didn't immediately shoot forward at that time.

The matter had been different with the lizards. Noah had sensed them before their instincts could perceive his presence. Moreover, their level was quite low, which had filled him with confidence.

Instead, the presence felt now was powerful, and its level was hard to discern due to the long distance and the sky acting as a natural cover. Also, Noah could sense that the other entity had learnt about his position. The unknown expert had a consciousness able to stretch as far as his mind. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

'One of the hidden experts,' Noah quickly concluded before turning toward the source of that foreign consciousness.

Noah didn't immediately advance. He remained still and waited to see what the existence decided to do. In theory, he could consider that presence as a potential ally due to its presence in the weak sky without belonging to Heaven and Earth's system. However, Noah couldn't trust so blindly, especially when it came to beings that had reached the ninth rank.

The presence didn't move, but it intensified its attention on Noah. He eventually decided to make the first move and step forward to see what that consciousness hid.

The weak sky shattered and transformed into waves of energy that converged toward his figure as he advanced. Noah moved slowly but steadily. He showed no hesitation, and the expert's level eventually became clear.

The foreign presence belonged to a cultivator in the liquid stage. The expert gave off a violent feeling hidden behind a thick calmness. It was interesting sensing an unknown world so clearly, and Noah didn't hold back with his inspection.

The expert also studied Noah's influence, and it began to advance once gaining a general idea of his world. It didn't take long before the weak sky shattered to transform two tunnels into a single passage.

The figure of a gorgeous middle-aged woman unfolded in Noah's vision, and his eyes instantly swept her to memorize her features. She was rather tall, with bright grey eyes and hair that carried two very different shades. Some strands were pure white, while others shone with the darkest blackness.

Cultivators could modify their physical appearances relatively easily as long as they didn't affect the actual power of their bodies. Divine experts avoided doing it due to the lack of interest in beauty and their pride in their current form. Significant changes usually happened before that point, so Noah guessed that the woman's hair had some connection with her world.

The duality of her aura also appeared connected to those different shades. Her violence and calmness weren't blending, but they existed in the same world. It felt partially similar to Noah's destruction and creation, even if he had a far greater harmony between those aspects of his world.

"You really were Defying Demon," The woman announced while performing a polite bow. "Forgive me for my initial hesitation. I couldn't be sure about your identity since I've only gazed at you during the battle against that black mass."

"I didn't expect such politeness," Noah said while performing a simple bow. "It's been a while since I had the chance to greet someone on these terms."

"Same goes for me," The woman responded after wearing a confident smile. "I've gotten so rusty that I've even forgotten to mention my name. I'm Maribel."

"Noah Balvan," Noah added to go past his simple title with what appeared to be a potential ally.

"I've heard that name too," Maribel chuckled. "You are a hot topic in the higher plane. Even magical beasts are chanting your name."

"I'm afraid I deserve the praise," Noah claimed.

"You do indeed," Maribel agreed before taking out a large bottle from her storage device. "Do you mind sharing a drink with me? I can't wait to hear your position about Heaven and Earth."

"Are you opposing them?" Noah asked while approaching the woman and creating two chairs, a table, and two cups with his dark matter.

"I guess you can say that," Maribel exclaimed while sitting and pouring the drink. "Being at this level without entering their system is already a form of rebellion. Still, I don't really fight them. I actually came out of my hideout for the first time in countless millennia during your battle against Heaven and Earth."

"That's understandable," Noah said.

"Please," Maribel sighed. "How can my behavior be acceptable with younger experts achieving more than I've even dared to pursue?"

"Each world is different," Noah tried to justify her.

"Indeed," Maribel responded. "I had to remain isolated for a very long time to perfect my power since Heaven and Earth had almost gotten me the last time. Yet, everything changed after the sky expanded."

"Heaven and Earth are preparing for the final battle," Noah announced.

"I know," Maribel stated. "The dragons wouldn't shut about it. I had to accept that I had to join the mess to do my part."

"Did Heaven and Earth deploy a perfect counter for you?" Noah questioned.

"I overcame four of those," Maribel revealed. "I had to hide against the fifth, but I could overcome it now if only Heaven and Earth were to send it."

"They are busy with the magical beasts now," Noah explained. "I have spotted Tribulations hunting them down."

"Not only magical beasts," Maribel corrected. "I came across a black landmass some time ago… The experts living there seemed connected to you, so I gave them a hand before continuing my exploration of this new world."