Chapter 2087 Sprint

The landmass had obtained new defenses, and Noah had held lessons about the ninth rank. Everything his companions could tell him about June was already in his mind, and the party had even ended. He couldn't do anything else for his friends.

Noah checked everything multiple times to make sure that the landmass was perfect, but his hesitation eventually vanished. He could sense how part of him wanted to remain among his friends, but something stronger called him. The sky shone above him, and he couldn't withstand that sight.

"I must leave," Noah announced after summoning his friends.

"We know," Faith laughed. "We have always known."

"Make Heaven and Earth tremble, old friend," Flying Demon stated.

"And don't die in the process," Dreaming Demon added.

"Master, have a good trip," Kirk exclaimed. "We will follow you one day."

"Noah, try to warn us if you are about to destroy the world," Daniel requested. "I still have an organization to protect."

"I'll do my best," Noah chuckled. "Don't remain attached to this place. There is a lot more in the universe, and I know that you have the potential to explore it."

"Don't worry about us," Daniel commented. "Go and follow your path. We have ours to tread."

"This has been really fun," Noah sighed. "Don't you dare to die while I'm gone."

"Leave already," Faith scoffed, even if a wide smile filled her face.

"Goodbye, my friends," Noah announced before turning and leaving toward the sky.

Maribel had remained on the landmass during that period, but she followed Noah toward the sky when he departed. The two flew until they couldn't see the black regions anymore before stopping to exchange a few words.

"How do you feel to be the leader of the last force in the entire higher plane?" Maribel asked.

"It's not the last," Noah contradicted her, "Just the largest. It has the potential to be the strongest if my friends don't leave."

"They will have to leave at some point," Maribel commented.

"Unless I destroy the world first," Noah stated. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"Do you really want to shatter everything?" Maribel asked.

"Heaven and Earth are the world," Noah explained. "Defeating them will destroy everything anyway."

"The end is near then," Maribel sighed.

"It has always been close," Noah revealed. "This has gone past our worlds. We are fighting for our very survival."

"I bet this doesn't change anything for you," Maribel giggled.

"Not at all," Noah replied. "Destroying everything has always been the plan."

"I'll take your fake core now," Maribel eventually said. "We are about to part ways, right?"

"I believe you don't want our worlds to be so close for so long," Noah guessed while taking out a fake core specifically meant for Maribel's world.

"Not only that," Maribel responded while seizing the fake core and storing it through one of her techniques. "You are about to do something crazy, right? I don't want to be around."

"Am I so obvious?" Noah asked.

"No," Maribel replied. "I've just heard many stories while I was on the landmass. You won't stop until you get your answers."

Noah limited himself to smile, and Maribel nodded at that gesture. She turned and approached one side of the weak sky before digging through it with her techniques and disappearing from the area.

Noah heaved a deep sigh after remaining alone. His aura intensified, and the fabric of space bent as the weight of his existence increased.

There has been hesitation inside Noah after his last breakthrough. That feeling was completely normal after waking up in the middle of the weak sky. His realization of Heaven and Earth's evolution didn't help either. He knew that unleashing chaos wasn't ideal, and he even lacked proper targets in the current state of the higher plane.

Nevertheless, Noah wanted answers. He couldn't remain in the dark in front of such intense desire. Only Heaven and Earth had the answers, so he had to attract their attention to obtain them.

'I guess I can ignore everyone and everything for a bit,' Noah thought as his ambition surged and potential flowed inside his centers of power.

The space-time array appeared in his view as a vortex appeared around his figure. The aspects of his world grew stronger as he planned a trajectory. He wanted to complete filling the world with quasi-living workshops as soon as possible to focus on other pressing matters.

'I really hate growing slowly,' Noah laughed in his mind before shooting forward.

The fabric of space shattered, and the sky on his path turned into dust. Everything crumbled whenever he passed. Noah wasn't holding anything back. He sprinted as fast as possible while throwing quasi-living workshops left and right.

The layout of the world quickly expanded in Noah's mind. He had an almost entire map filled with quasi-living workshops, and he had every intention to complete it.

The shattered sky never stopped providing Noah with the energy required by his centers of power to quell the drawbacks. Proper storms followed him due to the pulling forces coming out of his fast figures.

Some packs ended up on his path, but he didn't interact with them. Noah dodged them swiftly and let them admire the spectacle that he was generating.

His sprints opened massive fissures in the fabric of the world and shattered all the sky in the area. Then, storms followed those events and only the energy that escaped from his pulling force fused with the space to seal the cracks.

Needless to say, Noah threw more quasi-living workshops whenever he met someone. He even crossed past a cultivator once, but the two didn't have the time to interact.

Even with that incredible speed, Noah took a long time to cross every corner of the higher plane and plant his quasi-living workshops. He even ended up losing some of them inside the cracks that he created, which forced him to go back on his track to place them again.

Still, the entire higher plane became full of his creations in the end. Noah could even sense fake cores entering other magical beasts or experts. His world expanded as his influence spread, and he stopped to bathe in that sensation.

The long sprint had felt endless, but Noah felt pleased to realize that his centers of power had managed to endure it. His resilience in an environment full of energy could theoretically be endless. Even his ethereal blackness seemed to rejoice when he understood his insane limits.

Noah cultivated in the middle of the shattered space and broken sky. He didn't need energy after dealing with his drawbacks, but he absorbed it almost out of habit. He felt whole with the many quasi-living workshops spread throughout the higher plane.

In theory, Noah could stop traveling now. He could remain in his position and slowly expand his influence while other beings seized his fake cores. That would be the right time to go into seclusion, but he had no intention to let his doubts remain unanswered.

Noah eventually opened his eyes and glanced toward the sky in the distance. He knew exactly where the real white layer stood, and his weight intensified as he began to approach it. He had every intention to cause a mess, but a familiar aura suddenly materialized near him.

"So, you became part of Heaven and Earth," Noah commented while looking at the familiar figure that slowly took form behind him. "I thought you would have become a privileged cultivator, at least."

The light dimmed as facial features and curves that Noah had learnt to love took form among the cracked space… Heaven and Earth's energy filled the area as June appeared in his vision.