Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2099 Offensive

Noah slashed forward, creating a giant attack that pierced every leaf and branch on its path. The curved blow carried dark-red and dark-purple shades as it generated black lines on the parts of the tree in its range and absorbed what it destroyed.

The dragons mainly spat flames, while lightning bolts came out of June's figures and transformed her into a spear that shot forward. Her heartbeat also began to resound in the area, but the roars, cries, and screeching noises in the environment made it hard for Noah to hear it.

The slash continued to cut everything on its path until it slammed on the base of the crown. The branches and leaves had been unable to stop it, but the trunk was different. The attack grew stronger and bigger as it dug the giant grey structure, but it eventually lost its power.

Noah sprinted to reach the hole dug by his slash. The base of the crown was so big that he felt to be standing on an actual region, but everything around him moved while the offensive continued.

The trunk shook, the branches moved up and down, and a rain of leaves fell on the area. Screeching noises also came out of the tree as the plant suffered from the enemy attacks. The army seemed to have the upper hand in the battle, but that didn't last long.

The tree soon managed to get past the suppression generated by the space dragon. Its pulling forces returned and started to drain all the opponents in their range. Entire dragons transformed into mere shades of their former selves as their energy left their bodies and flowed into the magical plant.

The tree didn't have great healing properties, but it could deploy the absorbed energy to harden its structure. Noah saw the trunk growing darker as he stabilized his fiendish armor to fend off the effects of the pulling forces. Part of the dark lines generated by his previous slash also disappeared as his destruction became unable to affect the plant's fabric.

Noah stabbed his swords on the tree before the latter could negate his destruction. His attack generated a piercing slash that triggered the black lines created by his previous blows. A loud explosion happened, and a storm of shards fused with the rain of leaves.

Three different pulling forces came out of Noah's figure. Duanlong's ability fused with his greed to shatter the shards and leaves and create rivers of energy that merged with his body. Meanwhile, Shafu forced the rain to condense into actual currents and fended off the tree's influence.

The tree didn't like Noah's presence. Its pulling forces grew stronger as a loud screech came out of its structure. New branches also came out from the crown's base and shot toward him, but seeds came out of his figure before the attack could reach him.

The seeds radiated dark-purple shades as roots came out of their tiny figures. Branches of the parasite appeared on the attacks' trajectory and intercepted them. Everything crumbled in front of the plant's corrosive aura.

The branches of the parasite grew as their roots began to dig the trunk. Dark-purple flowers also appeared from time to time and generated new seeds that gave birth to new parts of the corrosive plant.

The dragons were also doing well. The weaker specimens couldn't do much among the intense pulling forces, but their leaders made sure to shield them from those attacks.

The life dragon's aura seemed able to restore most of the drained specimens to their peak. Even some of the creatures that had started to crumble saw new body parts growing under their leader's influence.

The space dragon did its best to cut away the connections among the tree and its pulling forces. Multiple pieces of the magical plant disappeared as it completed its attacks. Its flames also carried strange properties that directly teleported away everything they touched.

The attacks aimed at the time dragon stopped moving whenever they entered its range. The creature spat flames that turned everything into dust. The plant aged under its influence, and large chunks of its structure wilted under its influence.

The death dragon was livid. Its roars never stopped resounding in the area, and its corrosive influence shot in every direction as it flew across isolated spots of the battlefield. The creature knew how dangerous its power was, so it didn't dare to remain near its underlings while going all-out.

The death dragon's aura didn't seem to have powerful destructive properties. Yet, the tree lost power whenever that dark substance landed on its structure. The plant died little by little as the creature's attacks continued to affect its fabric.

Some dragons inevitably died during the offensive, but everything was going well. Even June was having fun launching attack after attack whenever the tree took away her energy. The magical plant appeared unable to defend against so many opponents, and no one dared to hold back.

Noah's offensive was relentless. His swords never stopped cutting the air and shattering pieces of the tree. The rain of shards around him appeared endless, but nothing managed to touch him. Even the pulling forces were unable to absorb the dark matter contained in his fiendish armor.

The countless attacks led Noah deeper inside the tree. The trunk grew harder as it continued to absorb energy, but his destruction was unstoppable. He always managed to shatter what tried to halt his advance, and the plant could only suffer in that situation.

The trunk's insides were even harder, but that didn't stop Noah. Black lines continued to spread from his position and fill the tree with his destructive ability. The plant appeared powerless against him, but that didn't make him underestimate his opponent.

Night and Snore launched their abilities from time to time. The two creatures didn't even leave Noah's body, but their attacks came out of his figure and destroyed large chunks of the plant's insides. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Noah's advance was quick, but the tree remained immense. It took him a long time to reach the exact center of the magical plant, and the scenery changed in that spot.

The grey and dark trunk changed color as Noah approached its center. White shades appeared in his view, and a familiar light began to illuminate his figure. He could sense Heaven and Earth in the area, and the event only made his offensive more violent.

Noah's anger started to fuse with his attacks, which increased his destructive power. His slashes transformed into black holes that devoured everything in their surroundings as they flew forward. Some of his blows didn't even disperse since they always managed to find more fuel.

The whiteness reached its peak when Noah reached a large seed that seemed to be the very core of the tree. He could sense pure energy in the upper tier flowing out of that item, and his hunger skyrocketed at that sight.

Noah wanted to eat the seed, but he decided to launch his dark matter forward to remove everything belonging to Heaven and Earth. He didn't know where the trick was, but he wouldn't let the item take control of his body.

Nevertheless, thunderous sounds suddenly echoed outside the tunnel that Noah had created, and the whole tree began to shake. The seed's radiance also intensified, and crackling noises started to approach its position.

Noah turned to face the incoming lightning bolts, but they vanished by entering the trunk's fabric. He tried to launch slashes at them, but his attacks failed to reach them since they had to go through the tree's hard fabric first.

The lightning bolts ended up coming out right around the seed. They slammed on the item and activated one of its hidden functions… Its light became blinding and began to seep inside the trunk, transforming its dark shades into Heaven and Earth's whiteness.