Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2103 Laugh

The rain ended up infecting almost everyone on the scene. Even the tree didn't seem immune to that white liquid. Roots began to grow from the trunk, branches, and other roots, and more pulling forces started to fill the area.

The space dragon and the death dragon had managed to avoid the attack, but the time dragon and the life dragon fell prey to the infection. The former had been too tired to use its innate ability to stop the rain, while the latter had simply been too slow. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Noah let his hunger skyrocket while his attention moved on the battlefield. The situation was tragic, and the tree had no intention to stop unleashing its power. Heaven and Earth had created something incredible, and the dragons appeared unable to deal with it.

Noah commanded the parasite's branches to change direction. Many roots moved toward the infected dragons, focusing on the two leaders. Their corrosive power alerted the creatures, but they let them affect their bodies since they trusted the ambition radiated by their structures.

The parasite and the white roots growing from the infected scales began to fight for the control of those bodies. The tree's clones were stronger, but Noah's modifications allowed his companion's branches to improve their destructive effects. Moreover, the area had far more black roots, so the scales of the battle were in Noah's favor.

The battle between the two types of roots hurt the dragons and forced many parts of their bodies to fall apart. The process was far from harmless, but the time dragon was exhausted, so Noah couldn't find a better solution.

The life dragon seemed to agree with Noah's decision. It unleashed its aura and filled the parasite's branches with energy. Their destructive power exploded, which soon led to overwhelming victories against their white counterparts.

A few dragons died in the process, but the life dragon spread its aura even further after the white roots left its body. Its whiteness intensified and restored the most intact corpses. Her ability ended up resurrecting some of the underlings, but the process drained the leader.

Almost everyone suffered during the process, and Noah ended up having it worse than the others. The parasite's branches kept hammering his mind as they grew stronger, and he could only balance their pressure by draining the tree of its energy.

Noah felt forced to relocate his ambition again. The dark world expanded before transforming into a vortex directly connected to the ethereal blackness. His hunger and greed intensified due to the effects of his technique, and Duanlong made use of that structure to enhance its innate ability.

Shafu also helped by separating large chunks of energy from the tree so that the vortex could absorb it easily. Everything about Noah became a massive pulling force meant to endure the pressure generated by the parasite. His mind felt on the verge of exploding during the process, but the center of power was too firm to suffer damage.

Noah roared to vent the pain that filled his senses. His instincts begged him to sever his connection with the parasite's branches, but he endured everything and made those assets come closer to the tree. The magical plant wanted to generate more fruits, but the black roots reached it before it could complete the process.

The fruits started to wilt as the parasite's branches entangled themselves around everything they found. The tree began to experience the same fate inflicted on the dragons. Large chunks of its structure fell prey to Noah's companions and shattered.

The dragons didn't let that chance go to waste. Flames and other innate abilities fell on the spots of the magical plant that the parasite had yet to affect.

The leaders joined their forces to create incredible attacks. The space dragon and the time dragon used their ability to sever entire pieces of the tree and throw them to the death dragon's dangerous aura. Meanwhile, the life dragon sent waves of power to everyone on the battlefield, including Noah and June.

Cracks had long since appeared on June's body. Her orange lightning bolts shone with a dark light as they tore apart massive areas of the tree. Her power had already reached the solid stage, and her fabric inevitably began to suffer.

The life dragon's aura healed most of June's injuries, but she used that chance to push the Perfect Circuit forward. Her body began to fall apart as stronger lightning bolts left her hands and amassed in the shape of a spear that she threw inside the trunk.

The life dragon's aura healed June again, but she only unleashed more power. She seemed to have forgotten about her condition. Her mind was lost in the ecstasy of the battle, and her energy reflected that mindset.

June's heartbeat became so loud that the parasite and the rectangular layer in the middle of the tree started to experience cracks. Lightning bolts also appeared whenever her influence spread. Each beat brought them closer to her figure, but they always exploded outward whenever she decided to push the Perfect Circuit forward.

Noah couldn't do much about June, and the same went for his other companions. Dealing with the pressure of the parasite claimed the entirety of his attention, so he continued to absorb energy and reinforce his mind. He was stuck at the center of the tree, but his opponent was starting to wilt.

The tree had enemies everywhere. It would normally resort to the fruits to fend off so many opponents, but the parasite prevented their birth. The magical plant could only continue to absorb the energy in its surroundings, but its pulling forces couldn't match the amount of damage suffered by its structure.

The tree lost its blinding glow as large chunks of its structure continued to disappear. It tried to reactivate its infecting properties, but nothing worked when so many opponents worked together to take it down.

The magical plan shrunk as it lost branches, roots, leaves, fruits, and parts of its trunk. It tried to reduce its energy consumption by limiting its size, but that also failed. Noah and the parasite were stealing too much, and the dragons never stopped assaulting its structure.

The tree eventually lost the power needed to keep its structure still. Everything exploded into a wave of whiteness that the time dragon and the space dragon froze on its spot to prevent its dispersion into the void.

Noah severed the connection with the parasite's branches after ordering them to leave the battlefield. Screeching noises resounded through the void as the roots lost power and began to wilt. It didn't take long before they turned into dust and let Noah absorb everything.

No one felt worried about the possibility that Heaven and Earth could use that energy to control them. After transforming into its true form, the tree had lost that ability, and its previous attempt to reawaken it had failed, so everyone let their hunger explode.

The white energy vanished in a second, and Noah shook his head when he sensed how much he had absorbed. His body featured no injuries, and his companions were relatively okay, but intense tiredness filled his body, and a splitting headache had taken control of his mind.

The drawbacks made Noah struggle to control his power, but he didn't feel too bad about that outcome. It would have been strange if he didn't suffer after the recent battle. He had really gone overboard to defeat the tree.

Happy roars began to fill the battlefield as everyone ate what was left of the tree. The pack also moved toward the distant weak sky to gain access to more energy, and June reached Noah's side during the flight. She couldn't absorb the white fuel, but she showed no injury as she took his arm and laid her head on his shoulder.

The sky could only shatter when Noah and the hungry dragons arrived, but those white shards ended up releasing white sparks while they crumbled. Cracking noises even filled the area and grew louder as the seconds passed. Heaven and Earth's aura then intensified, and an androgynous laugh resounded among the whiteness.