Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2105 Death

The life dragon suffered to no end as white flares ravaged its insides. No trace of blood came out of the injuries that opened on its scales. The avatar's energy burned everything and didn't let anything come outside.

The leader cried in pain, and the entire group turned toward the avatar. Many auras surged forward as the dragons, Noah, and June prepared themselves to fight, but Heaven and Earth managed to leave them speechless in an instant.

The flares intensified and multiplied while the group mustered their energy to fight. Noah and the others could only watch as the life dragon exploded into a mess of gory body parts that didn't release any blood. The scorching light had burnt all of it.

Utter silence spread among the whiteness. The scene that the group had just witnessed felt impossible to believe. The life dragon was an upper tier magical beast that had inherited part of the essence of the world. Very few beings could match its potential and current prowess. However, the avatar had blown it up with a single gesture.

The event revealed a breathtaking and scary truth. Heaven and Earth didn't only learn how to manifest their power through a proper body. They had also become strong enough to attack the dragons directly and ignore the world's fairness. Their limits had vanished. They seemed able to hunt freely now.

The desire to escape that had filled Noah's mind intensified, but his instincts barely managed to affect his thoughts. His anger grew stronger than it had ever done before now that he was in front of a pure expression of Heaven and Earth. He could feel it deep in his existence. He was born to destroy them.

Similar feelings appeared inside the other dragons. Only June experienced a weaker version of those emotions, but she also understood the general mindset that had filled the group.

Everyone's auras started to intensify after the life dragon's death. Power brimmed inside Noah, June, and the dragons now that Heaven and Earth had affected the balance of the world. Something foreign and profound wanted to give the group the strength to fight the avatar, and no one refused it.

A crack appeared on the avatar's right hand. The puppet felt amused when it raised its arm to inspect it. The creature had no eyes, but it still brought its limb closer to its face and rotated it to study the injury.

"It's not time yet," The avatar stated. "What a pity. We wanted to crush you all right now."

The time dragon voiced an angry roar that made the entire group launch massive attacks. Waves of multicolored flames, lightning bolts, and slashes converged on the avatar and engulfed it in techniques that made the whole area fall into the void in an instant.

The flames raged, the sparks thundered, and the slashes devoured as a bright spectacle unfolded among the void. The fabric of space had simply disappeared after those attacks crashed on the avatar.

"The world is trying to put us down," Heaven and Earth's voice resounded among the attacks. "Do not worry. You will have the chance to fight us soon. You can sense it, right? Our final battle is approaching."

The attacks slowed down and stopped raging before transforming into a series of currents that converged into the avatar's hand. That massive energy gave birth to a rotating sphere that gained white shades as Heaven and Earth tainted it with their influence.

"Killing another one of you is probably too problematic," The avatar exclaimed as the sphere turned completely white. "Yet, we guess that the world won't mind if we remove some pawns from the battlefield."

The white sphere suddenly exploded into a series of bullets that no one could follow. One of them ended up passing next to Noah before crashing on a rank 9 dragon behind him. The creature died without voicing any cry, and the same went for many other weaker specimens.

More cracks appeared on the avatar after each bullet killed a weak dragon. The group lost many rank 9 specimens and even more underlings, but Noah kept his eyes on the puppet. The previous offensive had done nothing to its smooth structure. Only its offensive was creating injuries due to the world's fairness.

"That should be enough for now," The avatar announced before gaining ethereal properties and spreading a wave of whiteness throughout the void. "We'll have fun watching you wallow in despair."

The avatar vanished in the next seconds. Its disappearance matched the reappearance of the fabric of the world. The void was nowhere to be seen now, and even the weak sky began to expand quickly.

Silence filled the area as the weak sky expanded until it created an oval hall around the group. Everything had happened too quickly, but the corpses lying around forced Noah, June, and the dragons to acknowledge the nature of the situation.

Heaven and Earth weren't only powerful. They were also almost ready to unleash their power freely. The chains that the world's fairness had placed on their existence were breaking now that worthy opponents had begun to fill the higher plane.

'It would have killed me,' Noah thought while glancing at the corpse lying under him. 'I would have died in a blink.'

The bullets had managed to kill dragons in the upper tier. Noah knew that he was stronger than them, but the attack stood in a different realm. It carried part of Heaven and Earth's quasi-rank 10 power, something that rank 9 existences couldn't oppose with their world.

'Do I have to approach the tenth rank to kill them?" Noah wondered as his eyes slowly moved on the time dragon.

The time dragon resembled a walking corpse. The battle against the tree had drained it, but the recent events seemed to have broken its spirit. Its reptilian eyes moved among the pieces of the life dragon. Disbelief and confusion filled its expression, and its body didn't dare to make the slightest gesture.

The sudden increase of power given by the world vanished now that everything had gone back to normal. Noah felt empty but also a bit relieved. He didn't like that something could affect him so deeply without his permission. He didn't have the time to consider that issue in front of the avatar, but the situation was different now.

The space dragon and the death dragon turned toward the time dragon. The same went for the other creatures and June. Everyone waited for the true leader to say something, but the upper tier specimen appeared unable to talk. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

"What is it?" Noah eventually asked through a growl that June could understand.

The time dragon snapped out of its daze and heaved a deep sigh. Its eyes moved among its pack before reaching June and Noah. It paid special attention to him, but it glanced back at the life dragon's pieces after a few seconds.

"This is the end," The time dragon announced through human words mixed with growls. "The world won't bring its essence of life back. Heaven and Earth had finally killed one of us once and for all."

****

Author's notes: Special thanks to vking1999 for the Castle!