Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2109 Fiery Mountain

Noah and June held back their attacks and studied the expert. The woman had really long grey hair and black eyes. A few wrinkles filled the space at the side of her eyes and cheeks, and a tired vibe enveloped her figure.

The expert was wearing a grey robe made from her energy, but charred patches filled it. Even the edges of its sleeves and trousers featured burnt spots. Those details were quite odd since she could simply fix them.

"We have enemies that have been around for eras," Noah stated in a cold voice.

"How did you even end up here in the first place?" June continued.

The woman's eyes sharpened in front of the evident mistrust. She inspected her two potential opponents, and something told her that she was weaker than them. A tinge of surprise appeared seeped into her expression at that realization, but she accepted her situation and adapted accordingly.

"I have gone by many names," The woman stated before straightening her back and clearing her throat. "The Immortal Lands have called me Magma Queen, Erupting Volcano, Fiery Calamity, Burning Mountain, and far more."

The woman spread her arms during her statement in an attempt to appear lofty, but Noah and June's expressions didn't change. They only exchanged an emotionless glance before fixing their eyes back on the expert.

"I'm sure you have heard about me," The woman concluded while wearing a proud smile.

"Not at all," June honestly admitted.

"The Immortal Lands have crumbled long ago," Noah explained. "Heaven and Earth have started the countdown for the final battle. Everything is a mess out there."

The woman remained stunned. The sole idea that the Immortal Lands were no more was astonishing and scary at the same time. Also, something else troubled her.

It was safe to say that most rank 9 experts didn't know each other. In the previous state of the higher plane, the stormy regions prevented most communications and created an environment that blocked many potential encounters. Still, a few exceptions existed, especially when it came to cultivators who had been quite active among the human forces.

The woman had been one of those exceptions during her time. She had left for the stormy regions once her cultivation level had approached the ninth rank, but she had often gone back to the central areas of the Immortal Lands to check on her force and gain updates. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

June and Noah appeared seemed quite exceptional for experts at the gaseous stage. The woman had only seen a couple of attacks, but they were enough to state their general superiority among their peers. However, she didn't hear about them, so they probably were younger than her.

The woman's journey had been messy and lame compared to other rank 9 experts, but her power was above average. Yet, seeing that someone younger than her had surpassed her level put her in a pensive state.

"Did the quality of rank 9 cultivators increase while I was away?" The woman asked.

"No, you are just weak," June scoffed.

"Watch your mouth!" The woman shouted.

"Or?" June asked as sparks started to crackle in her eyes.

A heavy aura seeped out of June's figure, and the woman's eyes flickered when she felt that force pressing on her. Her power began to surge as she prepared for the imminent clash, but everything quieted down when Noah patter June's head.

"You don't seem to be on Heaven and Earth's side," Noah exclaimed. "You don't seem to have a side at all."

"She is too weak to have a side," June added.

"You-!" The woman was about to shout again, but Noah's aura suddenly unfolded and forced her to shut up.

"She is right," Noah continued. "You are too weak to affect the final battle."

"What sides are you talking about?" The woman snorted.

"Heaven and Earth are about to reach the tenth rank," Noah summarized. "I believe you understand what will happen at that point."

The woman's eyes widened in terror. She didn't have Noah's deep knowledge of the world's state, but she knew a few key pieces of information. It wasn't hard to imagine what would become of her and everyone else against Heaven and Earth once the latter completed the breakthrough.

"How long did I even spend here?" The woman whispered while diverting her gaze from her two potential opponents.

"Let's start with a name and your story," Noah ordered, "A real name this time."

"I did have those titles!" The woman declared before disappointment appeared on her face. "However, it seems that reaching the ninth rank isn't so special anymore."

"She isn't stupid, at least," June commented.

"You do realize that we need allies, right?" Noah laughed while crossing his legs and pulling June on his lap.

"She has probably been stuck here for eras," June sneered while adjusting her position on Noah's lap and laying the back of her head on his shoulder. "Even with your world, she might not become useful in time to join the final battle."

"We'll just use her as cannon fodder in that case," Noah shrugged his shoulders.

"I'm still here," The woman said in an awkward tone.

"Name and story," Noah and June ordered at the same time before flirting through whispers that the expert couldn't hear.

"Very well," The woman cleared her throat. "Fiery Mountain has been my oldest title, so you can use it to address me. As for my story, I started the exploration of the stormy regions as soon as my cultivation level touched the ninth rank, but I often went back to the human territories to check on my force.

"Heaven and Earth's suppression began during that period. I refused their offer to join the sky, but they sent Tribulation after Tribulation to suppress me. My last opponent had been a creature capable of opposing the very nature of my world, so I felt forced to escape. While I was running away, I ended up here."

'Heaven and Earth developed a perfect counter for her,' Noah thought. 'Maybe she isn't too weak.'

"At first, I decided to cultivate here for a while," Fiery Mountain explained. "This environment is perfect for my world, and Heaven and Earth can't reach it either. Yet, I soon discovered that I couldn't leave it no matter what I did. My cultivation level has inevitably grown stale as I spent years in stasis."

The story appeared genuine, and it would even explain Fiery Mountain's current weak state. Still, Noah and June could immediately see an issue now. The woman had spent countless years inside that environment, but she couldn't find an exit.

"Did you see the pagoda before ending here?" June asked. "Does the name "Cursed labyrinth" mean anything to you?"

"Pagoda?" Fiery Mountain questioned before playing with her long hair. "I'm sorry, I was escaping from that nasty creature before ending up here. I didn't even realize that a foreign force had enveloped me until it was too late."

"She is useless," June sighed.

"This is a proper labyrinth then," Noah contradicted.

"What are you talking about?" Fiery Mountain asked.

"The exit must be somewhere," Noah explained, "But I believe that it won't lead into the higher plane. We would probably have to clear its nine floors and reach the peak before finding the real exit."

"Nine floors? Real exit?" Fiery Mountain questioned in confusion.

"Well, you will follow us from now on," Noah ordered. "Welcome to Heaven and Earth's Cancer. Try not to die on my watch."