Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2115 Incredible

Noah, June, and Fiery Mountain remained in the sky while the three chrysalides continued to separate the cultivators from their infected parts. The process was extremely slow, but its positive effects eventually became evident.

The change didn't happen immediately. The chrysalides had to push away a lot of infected energy before the faint shapes of the original worlds could become clear. The liquid stage expert also took longer to regain a part of its real power, and its state remained slightly vague even after results appeared.

The two gaseous stage experts had it easier since the infection had left part of their previous worlds intact. Their power fell as they lost their tainted energy, but the dark matter in the chrysalides made sure to help them fill the gaps created by the procedure.

The energy required by gaseous stage worlds was immense, especially while they were trying to heal. The chrysalides started to lose power as the process continued, but Noah constantly refilled his creations with dark matter. He also modified his higher energy multiple times to create the perfect environment for each expert.

The chrysalides' structure and the auras around them often changed as Noah adapted his dark matter to what he learnt about the cultivators. He could improve the three different environments as the three experts retrieved parts of their true selves, and he didn't hesitate to rely on the ethereal blackness to enhance his efforts.

Noah could handle the gaseous stage experts without needing his potential, but the liquid stage cultivator began to show significant improvements only after his ethereal blackness came into play.

The process felt endless since the separate reality didn't offer any distraction. Noah also had to keep track of his chrysalides, so June couldn't disturb him too much. She often teased Fiery Mountain, but the two women eventually grew bored of those interactions and focused on their cultivation level.

A change happened when the first chrysalis started to crumble. June and Fiery Mountain immediately interrupted their cultivation to turn toward Noah, but they relaxed when they noticed that he wasn't worried.

Everything was part of the procedure, so Noah let the event happen without affecting it. The chrysalis crumbled, and its shards fused with the human figure inside it.

The expert's world was still unstable in that state, and its power had yet to return to its original level. However, a vortex soon came out of the cultivator's figure and began to absorb the energy in the environment.

Noah acted at that point. He had long since memorized the structure of the woman's world, so his dark matter could transform into the perfect healing fuel. Waves of higher energy left his body and filled the vortex while the cultivator remained dormant. Her power started to rise, but she continued to sleep.

The second chrysalis shattered while the first was in the middle of the last phase of the healing process. A man came out of it and created a second vortex after the structure's shards fused with his figure.

Noah quickly sent a different wave of dark matter to the second vortex before moving his attention to the last chrysalis. The liquid stage expert had yet to come out, but that was within his calculations.

The woman eventually opened her eyes. Her world activated and started spreading its influence through the sky, but something cracked during the process, leading her to spit a mouthful of blood.

The panic in the woman's eyes was evident, but Noah promptly unfolded the dark world to suppress her power and review the current state of her world. It soon became clear that a few parts of her energy had yet to stabilize, so he forced her to remain still until everything reached a decent harmony.

The experience with the woman allowed Noah to find instabilities in the man's world before they could cause problems. He quickly fixed what he noticed and let the expert continue to absorb the dark matter to regain his power.

The man didn't need Noah to suppress him. He slowly woke up and unleashed his aura before taking it back in his figure once his awareness returned. A confused expression appeared on his face, and his eyes moved among Noah, June, and Fiery Mountain before widening when they fell on the various magical plants.

The cultivator opened his mouth, but no words came out of it. The event confused the man even more, but he closed his eyes and concentrated before managing to voice a simple line. "I'll rest for a bit."

The man crossed his legs and started cultivating. Noah inspected his world for a bit before deciding to ignore him. The cultivator had already gone past the dangerous phase of his recovery. Everything else depended on him.

Something similar happened when the woman's world finally stabilized. She took longer to realize the nature of her situation, but she also decided to cultivate after sensing her condition. Noah could move the entirety of his focus on the last chrysalis at that point, but the situation looked far from good.

The man and the woman eventually stopped cultivating and opened their eyes to inspect their surroundings again. Clarity finally filled their gazes and expressions, but they found themselves staring at random spots of the area from time to time.

"Are they okay?" June asked when she noticed that odd behavior.

"I couldn't bring back everything," Noah sighed without moving his gaze away from the chrysalis. "They are probably trying to remember pieces of their lives." Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"Did you rebuild two different worlds with your energy?" Fiery Mountain asked without hiding her astonishment.

"Technically, they built them on their own," Noah explained. "I only provided the fuel."

"Only the fuel," Fiery Mountain shook her head. "Do you realize how incredible something like that is?"

"I know that it's incredible," Noah responded. "Though it's only normal for my organization. One of its members is even better than me at this."

"Better how?" Fiery Mountain asked as she tried to imagine the power of that expert.

"He would have probably managed to save him too," Noah stated as the chrysalis shattered and revealed an inhuman figure that only vaguely resembled a man.

The scene attracted everyone's attention. The experts in the sky inspected the inhuman figure losing pieces of its body as it slowly fell apart. Noah's dark matter still tried to heal it, but it was clear that the process wasn't working.

"There wasn't much left of him," Noah continued. "His world was also deeper than the others. It would have been different if I had memories or something similar, but alas."

Noah waved his hand, and the dark matter that was healing the expert began to destroy him. The inhuman figure quickly turned into a wave of energy that Noah inspected thoroughly before absorbing inside his body.

The black crystal purified the energy and sent it toward different parts of Noah's body. He barely felt that power, and he didn't even care about it. His ethereal blackness slightly expanded, but that was it.

"What do you remember?" Noah eventually asked while glancing at the two cultivators who had just retrieved their human shapes.

The man and the woman exchanged a glance before approaching Noah silently. They didn't know each other, but they both kneeled before him as a sign of obedience and respect.

****

Author's notes: Do you remember my cold? It turns out that I have covid, so my celebrations are pretty much over. I'm basically healed, but I don't know if other symptoms will arrive… Anyway, I'll try to go back to my usual schedule in the next days if I continue to feel well.