Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2117 Third Floor

The magical plant survived the first barrage of attacks, but many of its roots shattered. Still, they released their infective energy before falling apart, which transformed the area around the specimen into a dead zone that no one could approach.

Noah had to cut away some of the pillars near the plant due to that infective energy. He had learnt a lot about those dangerous properties, but his power wasn't enough to fend it off when it came in such massive quantity. Yet, he quickly adjusted the layout of the dark world to create more safe areas from where his companions could launch their offensive.

The hunt entered a cycle of attacks and adjustments. Each exchange made the magical plant lose large chunks of its body, which mostly consisted of roots and branches, but they also generated waves of infective energy that tried to take control of the area.

Noah and the others had to launch a series of attacks to vanquish that infective energy before focusing their offensive on the magical plant again. The process allowed the upper tier specimen to regrow part of its body and launch its roots toward the dark world, but its attempts to reach the experts failed every time.

Noah demonstrated his excellent battle experience, control of the space-time array, and understanding of his opponent as the exchanges unfolded. June had never doubted him, but the others soon accepted that they could rely entirely on him and focus on their attacks.

The dark world didn't only protect the group from the incoming attacks and infective energy. Noah teleported the experts toward better locations and improved the enhancements on their abilities as the battle continued. The more he learnt, the better he could support his companions, and the latter found themselves stunned in front of his expertise.

The flexibility of the dark world also created waves of stupor in Fiery Mountain, Old Tyrant, and Gabrielle's minds. Noah's technique could perform multiple actions at the same time even if they had different purposes. Moreover, the potential that enhanced their abilities left them completely stunned. There seemed to be no limit to what Noah could achieve with his power.

The matter felt even more incredible when Fiery Mountain thought about a past conversation. Noah had claimed that there was someone better than him when it came to supporting methods, but her mind couldn't fathom the existence of such an expert.

Noah already appeared as an unparalleled monster, and learning the higher plane had more existences like him made her accept that joining Heaven and Earth's Cancer wasn't only her best option. It was necessary for her very world.

The magical plant slowly revealed its true form as the offensive continued. Noah and the others managed to get closer to the specimen as attacks never stopped leaving their figures, and a giant green trunk soon entered the range of their senses.

The upper tier magical plant wasn't as big as Heaven and Earth's tree, but it remained immense. Moreover, its branches and roots resembled snakes that could stretch endlessly, and the threatening infective energy that they released had the power to end the battle in a single blow. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Fiery Mountain, Old Tyrant, and Gabrielle felt sure that the battle would have been impossible without Noah. They didn't even take into consideration the sheer difference in power between them and their opponent in that evaluation. The dark world was literally saving their lives every time the roots and branches flew toward them.

The upper tier magical plant was a formidable opponent. Its infective energy alone was enough to place it above the average of most specimens at the same level, but its endless roots and immense resilience only improved its status.

However, Noah was perfect. His dark world made every attack from the magical plant useless, and his slashes remained the most threatening aspect of the joint offensive.

June didn't fall too much behind. Her crackling spears transformed into proper pillars of orange light that released dark halos as her Perfect Circuit provided her with better energy. At times, her attacks even threatened to surpass the sheer power carried by Noah's offensive.

Old Tyrant, Fiery Mountain, and Gabrielle did their best to match the power unleashed by their companions. Their worlds couldn't reach Noah and June's levels, but the potential flowing through the dark world and the enhancements provided by the dark matter made them able to hurt the magical plant, and that was enough for the hunt.

The magical plant could only continue to lose pieces of its body. Its seemingly endless resilience couldn't do anything without energy to absorb or targets to infect. Its roots and branches eventually vanished, and its trunk soon crumbled. Shards of its existence tried to regrow and expand, but Noah's group never stopped attacking.

The situation didn't change even after Fiery Mountain, Old Tyrant, and Gabrielle stopped sensing the presence of the magical plant. Noah didn't allow them to halt their offensive, and the fabric of space in the area inevitably suffered from that decision.

The hidden dimension showed an even deeper layer of the floor as the destruction unfolded. The area featured the same azure sky as the other environments, but it was empty and even a bit unstable. It was clear that the creator of the Labyrinth didn't plan for the contestants to reach that place.

"That's enough!" Noah ordered at that point through a roar that everyone could understand.

The crystals of the dark world transformed into currents that flew back inside Noah. The four experts were continuing to fuel their attacks, but they put an end to their offensive when the azure sky shone around them.

A sense of weakness immediately fell on the four experts and Noah. The potential had enhanced their power for a long time, and they had to pay the price for that.

Noah didn't let his companions endure everything on their own. He opened a passage for the area filled with magical plants and performed a few tests with his six-armed dragons. The flora didn't try to infect his world anymore, so he quickly turned everything into energy.

The dark world expanded again and began to send the absorbed energy toward the experts. Noah kept most of it for June and himself, but no one dared to complain after witnessing the power that they were capable of unleashing.

Nevertheless, a foreign force fell on the dark world before the experts could recover. The Cursed Labyrinth tried to teleport everyone away, and Noah let the structure do its work after stabilizing the space-time array around his group.

The environment changed in a matter of seconds. Purple light replaced the azure sky, and an immense, dense sea expanded in every direction. The dark world reappeared right above those dark-green waters, and Noah quickly brought it away from that place.

Noah had saved the energy absorbed from the magical plants, so the group could continue recovering from the drawbacks caused by his potential. Still, Noah didn't waste time during the process. A series of six-armed dragons left the dark world and began to explore the area while everyone was busy healing.

'Ooh,' Noah couldn't help but exclaim in his mind when he sensed his six-armed dragons falling apart as soon as they entered the sea… 'We have company.'