Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2145 - 2145. Demons

In Noah's mind, Artamo was more than off. The expert sounded like a cultivator with no ambition. His path was so unique that Noah couldn't understand how he had even reached the liquid stage of the ninth rank.

The problem wasn't with Artamo's current level. Rank 9 cultivators only had to expand their influence and become heavy enough to affect the universe. That was doable even without the many battles that could fill someone's life.

However, the previous ranks were different. The sole absorption of energy was an act of defiance against Heaven and Earth and the world as a one. Cultivators grew stronger at the expense of their surroundings, but Artamo was different.

Noah could use Vesuvia's perspective to place Artamo among the humans. The latter's world worked in harmony with his surroundings and the higher plane as a whole. He didn't devour like hybrids and magical beasts.

Still, Artamo seemed to have brought that approach to a superior level. Noah could even accept the lack of ambition, but the expert lacked something that felt necessary to the beings on the cultivation journey. He didn't care about reaching the peak.

"How weak are you?" Noah eventually asked.

"Watch your words!" The Foolery squealed while lifting its head to the ceiling. "That's my disciple." nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Noah didn't even hear the Foolery. His eyes, ears, and senses were on Artamo. He had initially evaluated the expert as someone who could ignore the limits of regular labels, but everything had changed now. Noah could only see weakness in that path.

"Strength has different forms," Artamo gently chuckled. "The cultivation journey has countless paths, so there is no absolute truth in the world. What you see as a weakness is the strength that has brought me so far."

"But this is your limit," Noah commented before correcting himself. "You might still have what it takes to reach the peak, but you don't want to."

"I need to complete my path," Artamo repeated.

"Needing isn't the same as wanting," Noah shook his head. "You cultivate out of habit, but you lack determination."

"I'm still a rank 9 cultivator," Artamo laughed.

"That's the problem, isn't it?" Noah sighed. "You are satisfied. You didn't lose your determination to advance until the peak. You only stopped feeling it."

"That might be true," Artamo guessed. "However, my path is mine alone. I am happy."

Artamo didn't see his state as a problem. Noah couldn't understand that perspective, but he accepted it. He knew some experts who had decided to stop cultivating to pursue other goals. He couldn't be like them, but he acknowledged those paths.

A whiff of Noah's potential left the ethereal blackness and gathered in his hand in the form of a half-transparent dark gas. He threw it toward Artamo, but nothing happened.

The potential fused with Artamo's aura and tried to apply its effects, but the latter's world experienced no reactions. Noah had found something that even his ambition couldn't affect.

"I see," Artamo voiced his gentle laugh. "We might have opposite worlds. Your power makes everything around you strive toward the peak, while mine allows magical beasts, cultivators, and hybrids to accept peace."

"You make them trade the cultivation journey for some food," Noah stated.

"Is it wrong?" Artamo asked. "The cultivation journey isn't mandatory, especially when you find something you enjoy more. I don't force anyone to remain at my table. They can leave whenever they want, but I know that some will remain."

Noah didn't know what to say. He could argue with Artamo, but he found no reason to do that. The two simply had opposite perspectives and approaches.

"Your world won't do," The Foolery exclaimed once the conversation between Noah and Artamo ended. "Change it."

"I'll see what I can do," Artamo chuckled.

"This is pointless," Noah sighed as he turned to leave.

"Don't you want to try my food?" Artamo called.

"You are lucky I don't need to turn you into food," Noah commented as he stormed out of the castle.

Pellio and the Foolery followed Noah, but the latter didn't stop flying even after crossing the banquet. He was heading directly for the dimensional passage.

"Noah, I shall remain here to guard the area!" The Foolery exclaimed when the dimensional passage was right before the trio.

Noah glanced at the banquet before moving his eyes back on the dimensional portal and waving his hand. He knew that the Foolery only wanted to eat, and he didn't care enough to stop it.

Pellio didn't say anything and flew toward the long table with the Foolery while Noah crossed the dimensional portal. The windy area with the four tornados reappeared in his vision, but he barely looked at it. Heavy thoughts afflicted Noah's mind now that the eighth floor had placed him in front of a choice.

Someone had to die. The rules of the eighth floor forced Noah to choose two separate dimensions to destroy to create the key. He had already gotten the first from the eels, and Vesuvia was a valuable potential ally, so he only had to pick his next target.

Artamo might have his uses. His power could probably influence the final battle, at least when it came to Heaven and Earth's weaker assets. His world might be a game-changer on the battlefield.

Moreover, Artamo's power had shown how some of Noah's underlings might not have the mentality to strive for the peak. That was relatively fine since the apex of the cultivation journey wasn't for everyone, but it still put Noah in a pickle.

Heaven and Earth's Cancer was an organization built around ambition. Noah was the greatest trigger for that feeling. Still, every member of his force strived to reach the peak or had tried to do so.

Noah didn't care about talent. He didn't mind if some of his underlings required more time to reach the peak or decided to remain behind. They were still warriors ready to give their lives in the battle against Heaven and Earth. They were still beings that couldn't stand the heavy regulations imposed by the rulers.

Still, that determination was relatively easy to obtain in Noah's presence. His ambition was too perfect for that approach, but Artamo managed to do something similar. The expert could trigger the desire for peace hidden in every existence.

How many members of Heaven and Earth's Cancer would stop to walk on the cultivation journey if they met Artamo? Only the Foolery had managed to leave the banquet after tasting his food, which probably meant that the others were flawed in ways that Noah couldn't fix.

Of course, those features were flaws only from Noah's perspective. Other experts could see them as positive aspects. There was no right or wrong, and Noah knew that. Yet, the final battle was approaching, and he needed a force worthy of the event.

Noah remained immersed in his thoughts as he hovered among the four tornados. Part of him had already made a decision, but he waited for the last piece of the puzzle to join him.

Time passed until a familiar presence eventually appeared in the windy plain. June left the dimensional passage and flew toward Noah as soon as she noticed his aura. Noah also interrupted his thoughts to focus on his lover, and a smile inevitably appeared on his face when he inspected her state.

June was covered in blood. Her skin had almost disappeared due to the many burned patches that filled her body. Her state was beyond poor, but her aura was stronger than ever.

Injuries filled her face and made it impossible to see her expression, but Noah knew that she was smiling. June was in ecstasy after her long battle, but a trace of disappointment still managed to infect her aura. She didn't like that the fight had ended.

"You had fun," Noah laughed as June took her place on his crossed legs.

"It will take me a while to heal," June explained in a rough voice. "Those worms are strong. They eventually adapted to my aura and sent lightning bolts that my body couldn't absorb."

"Worms?" Noah asked.

"That's what they are," June revealed. "They seem parasitic lifeforms, but you are the expert in magical beasts. You can take a look at them once I feel like leaving your lap."

"I bet that won't happen soon," Noah chuckled.

"As if you minded that," June responded before changing the topic. "What happened to you? You seem down, which is beyond rare."

"The force in the last separate dimension isn't bad," Noah declared. "Their leader is one of the good guys. Those are even rarer than my current mood."

"Can he help us in the final battle?" June asked.

"Maybe," Noah replied. "Maybe he will turn my force into a mass of peaceful assets."

"You have never been one to avoid risks," June exclaimed.

"This is different," Noah admitted. "His peace is strong."

"The world naturally seeks balance," June commented. "Experts like him must appear in a world filled with warriors. It's strange that we didn't meet similar existences sooner."

"True," Noah agreed. "Still, this balance goes against our goals."

"Did you make up your mind then?" June asked.

"Of course," Noah said as his dark matter began to help June's healing process. "We are Demons.. We'll destroy peace if it goes against us."