Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Noah's slaughter wasn't random. Artamo had created a conflict of ideologies, and some of the potential members of Heaven and Earth's Cancer had been infected by his world in ways that Noah couldn't override.

The issue was simple. Some turtles, magical beasts, cultivators, and hybrids seated at the table had lost their desire to reach the peak through battles. They wanted peace, so they had become useless to Noah. There was even a chance that they could go against him in their current state.

The slaughter was a declaration that the other beings understood. Everything had reached the point of no return. The final battle was upon them, and they had to pick a side.

The reaction after Artamo's death told Noah what his potential underlings had chosen. Those that had remained confused about the sudden disappearance of the banquet could leave. Instead, those that had been angry enough to attack Noah had to die.

The Foolery and the upper tier turtle were among the strongest beings at the table. The slaughter had surprised them, but they understood Noah's reasons, so they didn't complain.

The upper tier turtle actually began to see Noah under a new light. His power had always been undeniable, but the recent event established his position as a leader. No one else could stand above him, which was fine for the leader.

June appeared annoyed. She had prepared for the imminent battle, but Noah had taken care of everything before she could attack. Still, Noah was going through his drawbacks now, so she used that chance to reach the rest of the group and inspect everyone coldly.

Artamo had gathered many powerful experts during his ruling over the separate dimension. The various magical beasts, cultivators, and hybrids that had spent too long at the banquet were still too confused about the sudden change in the environment, but June's pressure forced them to focus.

The dimension had a new king, and everyone had to acknowledge him. Old Tyrant made it easy for the rest of the group since he promptly shot toward Noah and kneeled in the sky. Gabrielle and Fiery Mountain imitated him, and the rest of the beings soon followed suit.

Only the upper tier turtle and the rank 9 Foolery flew behind Noah and watched over the army kneeling in the sky. The sheer power of the group and their general resolve created an imposing scene that resonated with Noah's ambition.

"Stand up," Noah growled. "Those who follow me do not kneel. You won't be able to look Heaven and Earth in the eyes otherwise."

Noah's aura accompanied his growl and forced all the experts to stand. He could inspect them properly now. They weren't powerful, but they had managed to ignore Artamo's influence after the banquet had disappeared, so their potential couldn't be low.

"Our enemy is the sky," Noah continued. "Any wimp who doesn't want to shatter it can remain here. I don't need weaklings. All my companions must be beings with the desire to go past the cultivation journey."

Noah didn't expect someone to decide to remain behind, and the army didn't disappoint him. The hundreds of different beings remained in the sky, waiting for his next order.

Noah had no more offers to roar. He waited for the Cursed Labyrinth to act, and a reaction eventually happened. The plain started to crumble and transform into waves of energy that converged at the bottom of the dimension. It didn't take long before a key appeared, and Noah seized it through his mental waves.

The army flew after Noah as soon as he shot toward the dimensional passage. June was at his left and the Foolery at his right. Instead, the others remained behind him out of respect for his authority.

The group returned to the area with the four tornados, and Noah released the two keys. A transformation immediately happened. The two items fused before shooting toward the barren plain and altering its nature.

The crystals that made the plain grew darker as they began to absorb the winds in the area. The four dimensional portals started to shatter and released their contents. Soon, Vesuvia's city appeared on the eighth floor, and she revealed a curious smile when she saw the new members of the army.

"You killed Artamo," Vesuvia commented while the plain continued to absorb the winds. "I'm not surprised."

"Are you angry that I have worsened the future of your dear humanity?" Noah joked.

"We all make choices," Vesuvia sighed. "I'm afraid I've already put humanity's future on your shoulders." F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"You old monsters rely too much on others," Noah scoffed. "I'm losing my respect for you."

"Please," Vesuvia sneered as her city shrunk and disappeared in her storage technique, leaving her citizens in the open. "You have never respected us."

"She is right," June whispered to Noah's ear, "But I still don't like her."

Vesuvia didn't miss the chance to tease June by launching alluring gazes toward Noah. The various underlings didn't know how to react to that scene, but they eventually decided to ignore it since Noah was doing the same.

"I see that my teachings have worked," The Foolery obviously didn't let go of the matter. "You have become so popular in these years."

"The tea is ready," Pellio stated, and the Foolery voiced a squeal as it reached the mat.

"I was thinking about something," The Foolery exclaimed as it resumed to sniff Pellio. "You have a good smell."

"It might be the tea," Pellio chuckled.

"No, no," The Foolery squealed. "Nothing escapes my senses. I can feel it. You are a Foolery at heart."

"Am I?" Pellio asked. "That would explain many things."

"Raise your heads, my brethren!" The Foolery shouted while glancing at the floor's ceiling. "Today, we had found a new brother!"

The pack of Foolery squealed while glancing at the ceiling. Pellio laughed, but he eventually imitated them. Needless to say, the scene left the rest of the army speechless. The others didn't know what to say when they saw the pigs and Pellio remaining with their heads lifted for entire minutes.

"I miss Xavier," Noah sighed, but the Labyrinth eventually created a way out of that situation.

The plain began to open now that it had absorbed every gale in the area. A smooth gorge expanded and revealed a dimensional passage at its bottom. The structure had yet to activate, but the crystals that made the floor slowly gave it power.

"The path to the ninth floor," Vesuvia commented while flying toward Noah. "I wonder what has become of that place."

"Have you been there?" Noah asked.

"I know what it was supposed to be," Vesuvia revealed as she pursued her lips when June put herself between Noah and her. "I don't know if they managed to pull that off."

"Sounds interesting," Noah chuckled while pulling June on his lap and shooting downward.

Everyone followed Noah. Dark matter covered the entire army before the teleport activated. The Labyrinth didn't try to divide the various experts anymore, but Noah didn't remove the defenses.

The scenery changed. Noah unfolded his consciousness and retracted the dark world when he sensed that the area featured no dangers. He found himself in an immense environment that didn't seem to have clear borders.. He felt to be in a proper world.