Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The starry sky seemed perfectly fine. The massive discharge of energy didn't destroy anything and left the environment in its previous state, except for a small spot that stood out among the blackness.

A mere spot was nothing significant among that vast blackness. The ninth floor could probably get rid of it in no time. However, that wasn't the point of the whole event.

Cursed Reality remained silent as he inspected the darker spot that had appeared in the starry sky. The damage was barely visible, and he struggled to call it a proper hole. Noah had only forcefully affected the structure of the ninth floor.

Still, the result of the attack was undeniable. It didn't matter if the damage was insignificant. It didn't matter if Noah didn't actually reach the level of power of the solid stage privileged cultivators. He had managed to touch that realm with his blow. He had won the bet.

"I'll rest now if you don't mind," Noah casually exclaimed while his companions and swords returned inside his figure. "I'll be in my lover's arms if you want to talk."

Noah's existence had grown extremely thin after using the entirety of his potential. Yet, his world quickly realized what he had accomplished, and new energy began to fill it.

A wave of power exploded inside Noah's ethereal blackness. New potential appeared out of nowhere and began to target the heavy drawbacks falling on his body and companions. He felt tired beyond reason, but he also knew that he had taken another step forward.

"You have gone overboard," June sighed as she spread her arms to let Noah sit on her lap. "Don't you dare think that you can leave me behind because of this."

"I'll think about it if you keep the Foolery away from me," Noah joked.

"That's impossible!" The rank 9 Foolery shouted after it reached June's side. "It's my job to protect you during your weakened state."

"It isn't wrong," June commented.

"It still feels strange to see the pig being reasonable," Noah admitted as he slid down to use June's lap as a pillow.

"I know that you are to blame for that," June stated as she began to play with Noah's hair.

"My leader can't stop talking about me," The Foolery proudly exclaimed as its gaze went on the starry sky. "I must be the most important member of our organization."

"Pellio!" Noah growled, and Pellio flew at his side in an instant.

The tea on the table on Pellio's mat distracted the rank 9 Foolery and allowed June to bring Noah on the surface without getting followed. Still, Vesuvia, the turtles, and other members of the army eventually landed around the two of them.

"Did you want some privacy?" Vesuvia teased.

"We aren't that shy," June snorted.

Old Tyrant, Fiery Mountain, and Gabrielle diverted their gazes as memories resurfaced. June and Noah weren't even close to being shy.

"I must admit that I didn't expect you to succeed," Vesuvia continued. "You are quite resourceful."

"They aren't resources," Noah corrected as Night and Snore came out of his figure. "I have promised them the sky. They will see it crumble."

Night and Snore didn't say anything, but Vesuvia saw the intelligence behind their strange eyes. Their power was also different from Noah's, which gave insights into the depth of his world. It was rare for experts to carry proper living beings as part of themselves into the ninth rank, but Noah had a series of them.

"Is this the source of your power?" Vesuvia asked. "Did you survive because they gave you the strength of multiple cultivators?"

"I've created them," Noah exclaimed. "They are my power, even if they aren't properly me."

"I thought your tendencies were more destructive," Vesuvia commented while glancing at the darker spot in the starry sky. "I noticed part of your creation, but I can't understand how an existence like you managed to develop it."

Noah didn't need to add details to his power, but he found no reason to keep them hidden from a future companion. Still, he limited himself to raising his hand and pointing at June.

"We have gone far past that," June announced without suppressing the sweetness of her tone. "You have also limited that part of you."

"I didn't have other options against the Crystal City," Noah sighed. "Besides, it's better like this. I've reached the ninth rank, so I was right."

"I remember," June shook her head. "We are almost there now."

"Almost isn't enough," Noah responded. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"Of course," June agreed, "And the sky won't be the end."

"I'd have to create a better world otherwise," Noah laughed.

"I'm sure we'll have fun without that," June immersed her hands in Noah's hair as she glanced at the starry sky. "There is too much that we don't know. We can't be the only maniacs out there."

"I'm afraid that there will be only maniacs from now on," Noah said in a helpless tone.

"Noah, it's been like this for millennia by now," June declared. "Even this old hag is hitting on you just to see our reactions."

"We'll have to see what the other couple says about us," Noah continued.

"Are they coming down?" June asked.

"No, but they will soon," Noah stated. "Cursed Reality has already lost. If the others force him to keep the Labyrinth closed, I'll just have to dig holes for a few millennia."

"No one can force me to do anything," Cursed Reality's loud voice resounded in the area as a figure began to take form among the starry sky.

An old man with short white hair and a well-kept grey beard slowly descended from the sky. His eyes were completely black, but stars shone inside them. His robe was the same. It depicted the same scenery as the ninth floor's ceiling, but the distant lights on it moved according to the expert's gestures.

A dense, heavy, and haughty aura enveloped the cultivator. His face had no wrinkles and expressed pure confidence. His cultivation level was also unmistakable. He was in the solid stage.

"So, you'll honor your part of the deal," Noah replied.

"Don't take me too lightly either," Cursed Reality snorted as he landed in front of Noah and June. "I've spent countless years perfecting the Labyrinth. Do you have any idea how long it takes to create a single separate reality? Imagine all of those needed to make this environment possible."

"I don't care," Noah said in a cold tone.

"What?" Cursed Reality complained. "Do you really want to give up on this epitome of perfection?"

"I don't care," Noah repeated. "Take this place apart and make its remains explode on the sky. I won't remain here only because you have grown too attached to your creation."

"The bet only involved your departure from the Labyrinth," Cursed Reality declared.

"You forgot my army," Noah explained. "Pellio is part of my army, and he needs his world. You can't keep the Labyrinth running without his world, can you?"

Cursed Reality didn't answer. The stars in his strange eyes converged toward a single spot and seemed to give birth to white pupils pointed at Noah.

"You know I'm right," Noah sighed as he stretched his arms to wrap them around June's waist. "Let's get this over with. The other two will want to talk to me, right? Call them already."

"There is no need for that," Emperor's voice resounded throughout the ninth floor.

"Let's have a chat, young man," Queen's voice followed.