Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Emperor had the aspect of a middle-aged man with long black hair combed in a ponytail. The lace that kept it still had a few blue jewels embroiled in its fabric. His robe carried the same shades of those gems, and a perfect short beard covered his cheeks. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Queen wore similar colors, and the same went for the jewels in her blonde hair. She had a youthful appearance, but her face carried evident traces of maturity, especially when it came to her deep black eyes.

The two experts had descended from the starry sky after Noah's request, and they had taken their spot next to Cursed Reality. The area now had four solid stage cultivators at the peak of their power, but Noah and June remained at the center of that meeting.

"You are interesting, but the existence of the Cursed Labyrinth is more important," Emperor stated before anyone could say anything.

"Are you using him to protect the Labyrinth?" Noah mocked while looking at Cursed Reality. "I have overestimated you."

"I'm not hiding," Cursed Reality snorted. "This is a conversation, and the Cursed Labyrinth is a project developed by all of us. It's only normal for the others to have a chance to speak."

"I'm really curious about what she has to say," June commented while inspecting Queen. "I don't like your hair."

Queen's hair expressed a noble aura. The jewels acted as clasps for the various braids combed to create an intricate hairstyle. Instead, June's hair was the very opposite due to its messy state. The two women clearly had opposite preferences.

"Your lack of taste isn't surprising," Queen responded in a proud tone. "What do you even have on your head? Is that a spiderweb?"

"Hey, I love her hair," Noah stated.

"I can imitate it if you want," Vesuvia chuckled.

"No one asked for your opinion," June scoffed.

"She likes to do that," Queen continued. "Find your own partner in your next life."

"Please, there is no need to fight over me," Emperor sighed while ignoring the cold stare coming from Queen.

"Can we go back to the Labyrinth?" Cursed Reality asked.

"The tea is ready," Pellio stated.

"Food!" The rank 9 Foolery squealed, and the entirety of its pack amassed around Pellio's mat to drink the tea.

Old Tyrant, Gabrielle, and Fiery Mountain didn't know what to say. They had never seen so many powerful experts gathered in the same area, but their behavior was completely unexpected.

Rank 9 cultivators in the solid stage represented the very peak of the cultivation journey. Noah and June had also proven themselves to be worthy of their presence, but the group couldn't stop bickering. The final battle could arrive at any moment, but they wasted time teasing each other.

"Is idiocy the secret behind the higher ranks?" Fiery Mountain whispered.

Fiery Mountain immediately regretted voicing her question since Queen, Emperor, and Cursed Reality glared at her. They seemed ready to destroy her world, but Noah cleared his throat and claimed their attention before the situation could worsen.

"Do you let your underlings insult you so brazenly?" Emperor laughed.

"Why would I stop them?" Noah wondered. "We are idiots. The pig right there is one of my best underlings. Do you think a sane person would allow that?"

Queen wanted to crack a joke, but the Foolery suddenly began to take dumps without interrupting their tea time. The scene disgusted the expert so much that she teleported back into the starry sky in an instant.

"You definitely have poor taste," Emperor commented.

"They are a peculiar species," Cursed Reality contradicted. "The entire ninth floor will soon turn blue."

"I know," Emperor sighed, "But I wouldn't want them around anyway."

"Shall we start a real conversation now?" Noah asked.

"You made my lovely Queen run away," Emperor shrugged his shoulder.

"I'm sure I can make her come back in no time," Vesuvia giggled.

"Don't you have any mercy for your old friend?" Emperor asked.

"You do realize you are only making it hard for me, right?" Cursed Reality questioned.

"Can't I have some fun?" Vesuvia asked. "I have felt lonely during the past millennia. One of you should have stayed behind with me."

"I had the Labyrinth to handle," Cursed Reality exclaimed.

"I like to be alive," Emperor announced without showing any shame.

"Queen can be scary," Cursed Reality shook his head.

"I've had drawbacks more pleasant than this conversation," Noah cursed.

"Your woman isn't playing around either," Emperor commented.

"What are you even saying?" Noah laughed while snuggling closer to June's waist. "She is the epitome of sweetness."

June smiled, but her intense stare at the two solid stage experts carried far different feelings. There was no sweetness in that gesture. Her eyes only featured battle intent.

"Love does make you blind," Cursed Reality whispered.

"Are you done down there?" Queen's voice suddenly came out of the sky. "Get up here. I have finished the meeting room."

"You heard her," Emperor stated while turning to fly toward the source of the voice.

Cursed Reality and Vesuvia followed Emperor, and Noah and June did the same after exchanging a glance. The couple approached the sky before witnessing a sharp change in the scenery. The starry sky disappeared to make room for a vast hall with praying mats and a single short table.

The ninth floor had disappeared even if the group didn't teleport. Noah couldn't explain how Queen had achieved that feat, but he didn't shy back from approaching the table. Of course, June helped him out since he was still in the middle of his drawbacks.

"So, you want us to dismantle the Cursed Labyrinth," Queen exclaimed while taking out a jug and pouring wine into a series of cups.

"Dismantling it is only a consequence of what I want," Noah explained. "Pellio is part of my organization now. I need him to get back his world."

"Dream Lord Pellio is a vile monster," Emperor stated. "We have been enemies for countless years. He has changed after his time here, but we aren't ready to let go of our grudge."

"I'm also a vile monster," Noah declared. "Anyway, your enmity with Pellio has nothing to do with me. Hand his world back and start following me like good underlings."

Vesuvia couldn't hold back her laugh, and Cursed Reality also had to admit that the scene was quite funny. Noah had merely touched the solid stage, but he was already trying to order stronger experts around.

"The Labyrinth is a priceless resource, especially during these troubled times," Queen revealed without addressing Noah's rude words. "Heaven and Earth are doing their best to isolate and kill every force, no matter how small they are. This isn't the right time to get out."

"It doesn't sound like that to me," Noah announced. "Saving and uniting those forces should be our priority."

"Amassing an army of ants won't help against Heaven and Earth," Emperor responded.

"Let's not go after ants then," Noah suggested. "You aren't the only solid stage cultivators out there, right? Let's find the others and create a united front against Heaven and Earth."

"And you need Pellio for that," Emperor continued.

"Indeed," Noah replied. "His power can ignore reason. Finding the others will be easy with him."

"I'll be blunt," Queen sighed. "Even if we gather powerful experts in the solid stage, we would have no chance against Heaven and Earth. I'm afraid they are too strong."

"These old experts sure are scared," June said in a disappointed tone.

"Your man is one of the main reasons behind their recent surge of power," Queen scoffed. "Heaven and Earth were strong, but their confused and messy state worked to our advantage. We lost that now."

"You are seeing the situation from the wrong perspective again," Noah complained. "I have forced Heaven and Earth to evolve, so I have a chance to defeat them."

****

Author's notes: I'm sorry for disappearing. I have felt down in the past days, so I just stopped writing.. Two more chapters will come out in the next hours.