Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"Damnit!" Cursed Reality shouted before disappearing.

"Why are you always like this?!" Emperor cursed while shooting toward the sky.

Queen followed Emperor, while Noah and June reached the army. Vesuvia had already taken care of protecting everyone. She had created an invisible defensive membrane that the experts struggled to sense. Still, they could see how every shard changed their trajectory when they were about to fall on the occupied areas.

"What do you want me to say, old friend?" Pellio laughed as his eyes opened completely. "You can't stop a dream."

"You damned lunatic!" Emperor gritted his teeth as his aura expanded among the crumbling starry sky.

A battle seemed on the verge of unfolding, but a slash suddenly flew between Pellio and Emperor. Noah reached the area right after the event, and his army was with him.

"So," Noah exclaimed while turning toward Pellio, "How does it feel to have your world back?"

"It feels different but good," Pellio revealed as he inspected his figure. "I've changed, but I can't be anyone else."

"Did you decide where to stand then?" Noah asked as his swords appeared in his hands. "Will you follow me?"

"What happens if I say no?" Pellio wondered.

"Can't you dream the answer?" Noah asked.

Pellio's smirk broadened as his eyes closed. The world around him experienced a strange reaction, even if no energy came out of his figure. The matter and the laws shook for an instant, but nothing changed in their structure.

"I tried to dream about you as soon as I regained my world," Pellio stated. "I closed my eyes and dreamt about my future. I saw many things, but their edges were unclear."

"I thought dreams were supposed to be unclear," Noah replied.

"You are correct," Pellio announced. "However, they usually have limits connected to my existence. Those limits are gone now. I can dream things that are outside my thoughts. I can dream what I couldn't even imagine before."

"What?" Noah continued. "Does it scare you to have lost control over your power?"

"You caused this," Pellio announced as his eyes opened. "You implanted that dream in me."

"You wanted a reason to open your eyes," Noah responded. "I gave you my reason. You can take your revenge if you hate me so much."

Noah pointed his swords forward as he prepared for an eventual clash, but Pellio didn't attack. He kept his open eyes on Noah, and a defying feeling slowly filled his expression.

"I can't dream about your death," Pellio declared, "But I can't see much about your life either. Only a few experts can achieve that."

"What about Heaven and Earth?" Noah asked.

"I can see even less about them," Pellio sighed. "Their existence goes beyond my dreams."

"It seems that we have to get even stronger," Noah commented. "Do you want to see the sky crumble?"

"I have dreamt about it because of you," Pellio replied. "It's the only clear dream that doesn't come from my mind. I can see it happening over and over again, but my power has nothing to do with that vision. It's a flaw in my world."

"It's a flaw only if it doesn't happen," Noah chuckled.

"Indeed," Pellio agreed. "I guess I have to follow you to turn that vision into reality."

"Why didn't he say that sooner?" The rank 9 Foolery scoffed.

"Ooh, my friend," Pellio exclaimed at the sight of the winged pig. "I'm sure I can make even better tea now. I've dreamt about your satisfaction."

"You are forgiven!" The Foolery shouted, and its pack gathered around Pellio as soon as the flying praying mat and the table appeared under him.

"What are you even doing?!" Cursed Reality's voice resounded among the crumbling sky as his figure materialized next to Emperor and Queen. "I could have taken us out silently, but now I can't hide the destruction of the Labyrinth anymore."

The revelation didn't need further explanations. Multiple auras expanded as everyone prepared for the imminent clash. Still, the Foolery and Pellio ignored the matter and continued to drink tea.

"Are you dumb?!" Cursed Reality shouted.

"Leave them be," Noah sighed. "They'll fight if something happens."

Cursed Reality didn't know what to say, but the reaction from the rest of Noah's army partially reassured him. Yet, his worries returned when he noticed June's excited smile.

"Can you ask the old rulers to pick us up?" Emperor asked as white rays began to appear among the crumbling sky and ground.

"What are you even saying?" Noah laughed as Snore, Night, and Duanlong came out of his figure. "We'll have to fight our way to them."

"Do you always fight like this?" Queen complained.

"Pretty much," Noah exclaimed.

"How did brutes like you even survive Heaven and Earth?" Cursed Reality shouted.

"He talks like Xavier," The rank 9 Foolery commented while munching a cup from Pellio's tea set.

"I'd stop arguing now," Noah declared as traces of intense anger flowed into his aura. "They are already here."

Queen, Emperor, Cursed Reality, Pellio, and Vesuvia sensed something after Noah's words reached their ears. Sparks began to come out of June's figure as she raised her head toward a white crack that began to release even more light. The upper tier turtle looked in the same direction, and the army quickly imitated it.

A thick pillar of white light began to punch its way through the glow radiated from the crack. The structure seemed solid, and a second one pierced the starry sky as the fissure expanded.

A third and a fourth pillar followed. They were impossible to miss even if they shared the same shades as the whiteness coming from the other side of the crack. They were too dense, and a crackling noise capable of suppressing the sounds generated by June's sparks eventually seeped out of them.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

The four pillars eventually bent to lay on the fabric of the starry sky. More cracks appeared among the blackness, and whiteness soon invaded the whole area. Everyone could sense the nature of that light now. Heaven and Earth were clearly peeking at the insides of the Labyrinth.

The pillars then began to retreat, but their movements only worsened the state of the starry sky. The crack expanded far past its previous edges, giving birth to a massive hole from where the experts could see the weak sky that filled the entirety of the higher plane.

The hole also revealed something else. The army could see a fifth pillar next to the previous four, but a structure far bigger than all of them expanded from their bases. Soon, an immense wall became visible, and many of the weaker underlings trembled when they understood the true nature of that scene.

The pillars were fingers. The wall expanding from their bases was an arm connected to an even bigger structure. A giant avatar was digging into the Cursed Labyrinth with its brute strength. No defenses or formations could stop the immense power contained inside its body.

"It's been a while, Heaven and Earth," Noah laughed as potential started to flow inside his centers of power.

"You ants have remained hidden for too long," Heaven and Earth's androgynous voice came out of the giant and made the whole ninth floor tremble.. "We shall put an end to this futile resistance."