Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The sky was the most secretive and protective location in the entirety of the higher plane. Every expert feared that destination since it represented the sheer amount of power that Heaven and Earth held.

The sole thought of invading the sky was pure madness in the minds of most experts. Even solid stage cultivators would label that mission as crazy. Yet, for Noah, a trip into Heaven and Earth's white world was nothing more than a dangerous task.

Of course, the current situation in the higher plane required thorough preparations. Heaven and Earth weren't a mindless program anymore. Sneaking up on them was impossible now, and Noah also expected the full force of the sky to converge on his position as soon as the invasion began.

"So, this is the weapon," Noah exclaimed while looking at a strange black substance raging inside a series of golden barriers.

"It's quite the masterpiece," King Elbas proudly responded. "It's a pity that it needs to be disposable to have such incredible raw power."

The group had split after learning about the plan. Cursed Reality, Vesuvia, Emperor, and Queen had remained inside the pit to continue the conversation with the old rulers. The Foolery had chosen to stay to oversee the situation, while Pellio and the turtle had rejoined the army.

The two dragons had also left to return to their pack, while June had started a separate conversation with the old rulers to see if she could gain access to the orange lightning bolts. As for King Elbas and Noah, they had moved toward the building containing the weapon to review the plan.

'It's alive,' Noah immediately understood while inspecting the weapon.

King Elbas' creation wasn't much different from a parasite. Its body was liquid, and raging life filled it. Its initial shape seemed spherical, but multiple spikes grew and shrunk from it as it tried to escape the golden barriers.

The weapon's dark fabric did not affect the golden barriers. It tried to push them, but nothing happened. Moreover, Noah felt something unique coming from that odd living being, something that directly opposed Heaven and Earth's power.

"You made it to react only to Heaven and Earth's power," Noah exclaimed.

"Exactly," King Elbas added. "I've preserved the nature of the dark metal while evolving its overall state. This weapon remains a flaw in Heaven and Earth's system. I've only brought that power to its limits and improved its effectiveness."

"Did you exploit the mess with the dragons to avoid suffering from the world's fairness?" Noah asked.

"Sacrifices were necessary to succeed," King Elbas explained. "Maybe I had something to do with the death dragon's death, but everyone was aware of the risks. Still, that loss remains a pity."

"You only wanted to modify it," Noah sighed.

"Its early departure remains a waste," King Elbas announced without showing any shame.

"I guess we have to unleash this near a prism," Noah continued.

"Yes, but the sky's layout has definitely changed since our last trip up there," King Elbas responded. "We'll have to fight entire cities and armies of avatars to get there."

"The privileged cultivators and Heaven and Earth are the only problem," Noah contradicted.

"Noah, we can't defeat them on our own," King Elbas declared. "The old rulers were willing to sacrifice most of their assets to open a path, but your arrival might help contain the losses. What do you think about those new allies?"

"They are strong," Noah promptly stated.

"Are they as strong as us?" King Elbas asked.

"No one is as strong as us," Noah chuckled. "Still, they are valuable allies. They can open a path unless Heaven and Earth manage to surprise us."

"We might have a chance then," King Elbas nodded before glancing at Noah to inspect him from head to toe.

"I'm not as useless as you hope," Noah scoffed. "You won't get ahead of me so easily."

"I already am," King Elbas exclaimed.

"Whatever you say," Noah shrugged his shoulders. "So, when do we leave?"

"As soon as everyone is ready," King Elbas stated. "I have already planned the next enhancements with the old rulers. They can continue improving the dragons while we are gone. We'll also have a pack of modified magical beasts at our disposal. Everything else depends on your group."

"Bringing an entire army is pointless," Noah said. "Half of it would die as soon as battles start. We'll invade the sky as an elite group while the others will remain here to work with the old rulers."

"It's time to ask them," King Elbas announced.

The two left the building with the intention of questioning Noah's new companions, but a flashy scene captured their attention and made them forget about their task.

The array of lightning bolts above the city was shrinking, leaving many buildings uncovered. The event intensified the orange glow coming from the defensive technique and unleashed deafening crackling noises on the streets.

A series of orange barriers quickly came out of the streets and fended off the harmful noises, but they didn't reach the array of lightning bolts. It seemed that the old rulers were accepting that majestic event, and Noah could easily understand why.

The reason behind that change in the lightning bolts was easy to identify. That crackling orange energy converged toward a figure that was hard to see among the blinding light, but the nature of its aura was as clear as possible. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

June floated among the defensive array and forced it to converge on her body. Lightning bolts burnt and pierced her skin as she pushed her resistance to that element to its limits. She also needed to fill only a small gap before the liquid stage, and the solution to the issue was around her.

Large injuries opened, and the skin at their edges transformed into a charred black mess as June continued to face entire torrents of lightning bolts. Her energy surged in the process, but it was clear that her body and cultivation level were following two different paths.

Each lightning bolt allowed June to increase the power output of the Perfect Circuit without suffering drawbacks, but her body fell apart during the process. The absorption wasn't only dangerous and painful. June actually risked damaging her world if she was too reckless.

June's character went against that type of practice. She could easily lose herself in the procedure, but she wasn't alone now. Moreover, the old rulers were working with her, so the lightning bolts lost part of their power whenever they risked hurting her deeply.

June's aura intensified until the glow accumulated on her skin exploded outward and generated a series of lightning bolts that rained on the city. The attack wasn't part of the old rulers' power, so buildings crumbled and fell on the barriers above the streets.

The array of lightning bolts tried to converge on June again, but her pulling force vanished before the procedure could restart. Still, the power unleashed by her aura continued to grow until it reached a critical point and began to descend.

June grew weaker, but her cultivation level stopped falling when it reached the bottom of the liquid stage. A series of sparks in the gaseous stage left her body and removed every trace of her weaker self.. Her world resumed to work a full power at that point, and everyone could sense that her breakthrough had been a success.