Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The battlefield went silent again when the weapon touched the prisms, and everyone's attention went on the spherical structure. Even Heaven and Earth wanted to know what would happen after that event. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

The weapon abandoned its single shape to turn into multiple tendrils that stretched toward the prisms. The black parasite entered those structures without meeting any hindrance. It seemed made to fuse with Heaven and Earth's creations.

The area was already dark due to Noah's breakthrough and attack, but the fusion between the weapon and the prisms enhanced that feature. Everything went black as one of the last sources of white light dimmed until it transformed into a dark sphere.

The prisms stopped rotating, but the darkening spherical light remained in its place. A transformation happened while those structures abandoned their old nature to obtain a new one.

King Elbas smiled as he inspected the transformation. Everything was going according to his expectation, and he couldn't wait for the next phase of his plan to begin.

When the spherical structure went utterly dark, the prisms slowly began to move again. They started to rotate in the opposite direction, and their motion generated energy for their creation.

The dark sphere began to radiate a black light that intensified as the prisms' rotation quickened. Black sparks also flew among the nine items as their motion reached a critical point.

Deep crackling noises resounded in the area as the black sphere expanded. The new energy generated by the prisms allowed the structure to stretch past its natural limits without losing its initial shape.

Nevertheless, as the energy accumulated, the structure exploded into nine black pillars that flew through the area darkened by Noah's power and stretched toward the whiteness in the distance.

The entire transformation had lasted for a mere instant, but all the experts on the scene had been able to inspect the various changes thoroughly. The knowledge obtained from that study allowed them to predict what would happen, and Heaven and Earth's side obviously wasn't happy about that.

Some privileged cultivators teleported in front of the pillars in a desperate attempt to stop their flight, but their efforts were pointless. The black light crossed them without affecting their bodies or worlds.

The pillars also ignored eventual techniques that tried to stop their flight. They pressed forward until they landed on the white layers in the distance and infected them with their dark light.

A series of cracks immediately appeared in the sky in the distance. The black light was a natural enemy of Heaven and Earth's creations, and King Elbas had even enhanced its power when the white layer was involved.

The infection destabilized the sky and made large chunks detach from the main structure. Meanwhile, the black light expanded quickly. The pure white environment soon saw dark rivers invading its fabric.

The rivers flowed freely inside the sky, and their destruction never stopped. However, that outcome wasn't their main purpose. Their goal was to expand until they infected the entirety of Heaven and Earth's world.

The privileged cultivators didn't know what to do. They wanted to prevent that catastrophe and stop the rivers, but their power couldn't touch them. It would take the experts time to find ways to counter that event, but they would be too late by then.

Heaven and Earth didn't help by remaining still and silent. The rulers would generally have to issue commands in that tragic situation, but they appeared as lost as their underlings.

Then, a lump of white light appeared next to the maimed giant avatar and condensed until it took Caesar's shape. The expert seemed to have no intention to join the battle since his attention remained fixed on the spreading rivers, but Noah's group didn't take his arrival so lightly.

Caesar wore a playful smirk when he saw Noah and his companions getting worked up about his arrival. An abrupt gesture might trigger a series of attacks on their side, but he moved slowly and carefully as he waved his hand to point at the black rivers.

"This was necessary," Caesar whispered, and his words echoed among the silent battlefield.

Noah opened his mouth to voice a question, but he held back when he understood that Caesar wasn't speaking to him. The expert had addressed someone else who didn't make him wait too long.

Heaven and Earth's presence intensified as white light began to shine from the maimed avatar. The giant didn't heal its wounds, but the power inside its structure deepened.

Noah and the others instinctively took a step back. They could understand what was happening right away. Heaven and Earth had decided to pour more of themselves on the scene to listen to Caesar.

"The strands of fate have never been firmer," Caesar eventually continued. "This event will push you closer toward your goal."

A faint rumbling noise came out of the maimed avatar, and Caesar shook his head as he kneeled on the spot. He laid his arms forward to prostrate himself before a few words left his mouth. "I'm not worthy of such praises. I'm merely a tool working for a higher purpose."

Heaven and Earth's presence focused on Caesar as it continued to intensify. It almost seemed that the rulers wanted to crush the expert with their aura, but they retracted their influence when the situation was about to become dangerous.

'Did they approve his behavior?' Noah wondered before moving his attention on the infection.

The rivers had already stretched past the range of everyone's vision and mental waves. Only Heaven and Earth knew how bad the condition of the sky was, but they didn't seem to care. Even the falling boulders and shards in the distance weren't enough to force their hand.

King Elbas didn't speak even if he had an explanation for Heaven and Earth's peculiar behavior. He knew why the rulers weren't moving. There was simply nothing they could do to stop the infection.

The sky continued to crumble. The scene resembled the dream standing at the base of Noah's ambition, and the sight inevitably generated joy in his mind. Yet, he felt a bit disappointed since he wanted to be the one to cause such destruction.

The situation outside the sky was far different. The white layer was somewhat preserving its original state even if many chunks were falling from the main structure. However, the weak sky that filled the higher plane wasn't strong enough to survive the infection.

The black rivers transformed the weak sky into a rain of shards as soon as they touched it. They expanded relentlessly inside the higher plane and removed every trace of the white layer, slowly clearing the area from Heaven and Earth's oppressive presence.

Noah and the others couldn't see those events, but they knew that their mission had been a success. They could sense Heaven and Earth's influence wavering as the infection damaged their world. The weapon had dealt a massive blow to the rulers, but the matter was far from over.

The damage was too significant. The weak sky shattered to transform into hovering clouds of white shards, while the main white layer thinned a lot.. Heaven and Earth had lost immense reserves of power and their grip on the higher plane, but that tilted the fairness' balance entirely in their favor.