Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Noah resembled Heaven and Earth's antithesis as he unleashed his aura and took over the light on the scene. He didn't only push the white radiance back. He also tainted it with his power without destroying the space's fabric.

Noah would have typically expanded his dark world at that point, but he waited for his aura to invade all the space that he needed. The new landmass had to be far bigger than the previous. It had to be a structure capable of facing the sky.

Darkness expanded under the group's attentive gazes. Only those mentioned by Noah began to work on different projects. King Elbas and Emperor went inside the orange city, while Cursed Reality started to study the effects that Noah's aura had on the higher plane.

The Foolery and Pellio had their tea time, but Noah sensed their glances from time to time. Even Queen and June remained in the area, ready to intervene if summoned.

Noah ignored his surroundings and focused the entirety of his attention on his project. Potential flowed inside his mind to enhance its properties and come up with better calculations. Everything had to be perfect, so he didn't care about the drawbacks that would arrive after the new world came to life.

Truth be told, Caesar's words still lingered in Noah's mind. He could imagine the scene far too clearly, and those thoughts inevitably affected the shape of his creation.

Noah could see a giant, immense black landmass flying toward the sky right before Heaven and Earth were about to complete their breakthrough. The world's fairness would be entirely against the rulers at that point, so his imagination automatically placed that massive attack during that moment.

No surprise appeared on Noah's face when he saw that the darkened area had depicted a familiar shape. The black patch among the whiteness was relatively narrow, but it was extremely long, and its edges even radiated intense sharpness.

"Are you sure you don't want to expand it a bit?" Cursed Reality wondered. "The higher plane still has space left."

"Heaven and Earth have shown us how bigger isn't necessarily better," Noah replied as he inspected the darkened area. "This shape is a pure expression of my foundation. There is nothing stronger in the world."

"I wonder if it will be enough to pierce the sky," Cursed Reality sighed while shooting a glance at the white layer in the distance.

The power radiated by the new sky felt immense. Even a solid stage expert like Cursed Reality couldn't completely assess its level. It was clearly beyond the regular limits of the ninth rank, but it also contained a force that he couldn't describe.

"These questions are pointless now," Noah stated. "We'll go all-out and throw everything we have to the sky. We'll win if it breaks, and we'll die if it can endure our offensive."

"Sounds simple," Cursed Reality smirked.

"I'll trust you to make it more complicated," Noah replied.

"No problem," Cursed Reality reassured. "Heaven and Earth will have to puke blood to touch us after I'm done with the defenses."

Noah nodded before moving to the next phase of the project. The area was finally devoid of Heaven and Earth's influence and ready to receive its foundation, so he expanded the dark world.

The spherical structure made of black crystals could occupy a significant chunk of the area after the breakthrough, but Noah didn't need it in its raw state. Multiple workshops appeared inside the dark world to modify the dark matter and send it outside the technique.

Initially, the procedure only involved tiny crystals that separated from the dark world after the workshops modified them. However, Noah picked up speed as he became used to the process. Soon, proper solid rives left his technique and began to fill the dark area.

Cursed Reality forgot about his role for a second as he inspected the scene, and the other spectators also decided to study the event closely. The dark matter that Noah was releasing had power in the solid stage, but its nature carried properties that made everyone interested.

Noah didn't need to think too much about the new world's foundation. He had created similar structures multiple times, so he knew what meaning he had to use. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

His ambition was the best power in the world. It was so threatening that even Heaven and Earth had acknowledged its might. Still, Noah didn't stop there. His ethereal blackness carried equally strong aspects that his creation could need.

Destruction, creation, space, and time fused with the dark matter to create stable black crystals that gathered inside the dark area. The ambition radiated by Noah's figure also intensified as he used more of his potential. He was going all-out, but he was far from done.

Each crystal that left the dark world required new modifications and adjustments meant to suit the expanding landmass under the group. After all, everything connected to Noah was partially alive, and the same went for his latest creation.

The time dragon and the space dragon left the orange city while the process continued. They wanted first-row seats to inspect the event thoroughly. Even their knowledge wasn't enough to explain everything happening due to Noah's power.

Opposite aspects could rarely work well together, but Noah was bending the universe's rules to make the impossible possible. His ambition and dark matter also acted as perfect glues and created an isolated environment where he could decide how the laws worked.

The aspects of time and space further deepened Noah's freedom and allowed him to give birth to a spectacular fabric. The dark matter inside the darkened area destroyed by creating and created through destruction in a perfect cycle that seemed to have no beginning or end.

The various crystals expanded and shrunk as the cycles continued, and they didn't lose that behavior after fusing. Actually, that constant exchange of destruction and creation grew stronger as the landmass expanded, and it soon turned into something incredible.

Cursed Reality eventually heard a clear thumping noise coming out of the expanding landmass. The event had been too random and short to make him reach conclusions, but something louder followed after some time passed.

More thumping noises followed as crystals continued to fuse with the landmass. Those sounds even gained new features. Some of them began to carry the echo of distant roars that grew clearer as the process reached its final stages.

"It's a heartbeat," June whispered when she realized what was happening.

"That can't be, right?" Queen questioned.

"Only fools deny events happening in front of their eyes," Pellio commented as his eyes opened entirely and moved across the landmass.

Queen couldn't find the strength to bicker with Pellio. She didn't care enough about the expert when something so spectacular was unfolding, and the others on the scene shared her feelings.

The heartbeat grew louder and stranger before going utterly silent once Noah filled the entirety of the darkened area with his dark matter. Everything began to stabilize at that point, but a growling noise eventually disrupted the peace and filled the environment with an intense feeling.

Noah couldn't help but smile in satisfaction. His ethereal blackness even resonated with the feeling expressed by the giant structure.. An existence like him wouldn't fail to recognize the hunger of a newborn creature.