Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

A chill ran down King Elbas' spine. He instinctively disregarded the project to glance at the sky, and an ugly expression appeared on his face when he noticed the blood-red light.

Meanwhile, the Foolery voiced a loud squeal at the scene. It was so happy that it stopped caring about Pellio's tea and shot forward to reach Noah.

The light morphed and condensed until it transformed into a circular structure that twisted the fabric of space in its surroundings. Its glow quickly spread in its insides and brightened to give birth to a dimensional passage.

A curse left King Elbas' mouth when he saw a foot coming out of the passage. That short event forced him to accept what was happening, and his face grew even uglier when the rest of the figure exited the circular structure.

"What do we have here?" Divine Demon exclaimed while scanning the area with his eyes. "Were you having fun without me?"

"We are always having fun," Noah announced. "What did you even expect?"

"Nothing less from my heir," Divine Demon laughed before glancing at the massive landmass. "What were you trying to create now?" RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

"A higher plane," Noah explained, "But we ran into some trouble. My creation is too strong for Xavier."

"Xavier still has a long way to go," Divine Demon snorted.

"Xavier has been mean lately," The Foolery joined the conversation.

"Xavier likes to bully those weaker than him," Divine Demon replied while moving his focus on the Foolery. "Why do you have yet to advance?"

"It's Xavier's fault," The Foolery lied.

"Enough saying my name!" King Elbas shouted from a distance.

"Xavier got angry," The Foolery commented.

"I should teach Xavier how to control his emotions," Divine Demon sighed.

"Did your wine improve?" Noah asked before saying "Xavier" for no apparent reason.

"My wine has always been the best in the entirety of the Immortal Lands," Divine Demon announced while flicking his sleeve. "Even Xavier would praise it."

Lumps of blood-red energy suddenly gathered in front of all the experts on the scene. The fuel took the shape of multiple cups that radiated an appealing scent, and Noah didn't hesitate to drink from it.

Divine Demon's level had become clear even before he stepped out of the dimensional portal. He had reached the liquid stage, and his wine reflected his growth.

Noah felt his senses dulling for an instant when the warm liquid ran down his throat. Divine Demon had created something capable of affecting his mind with a mere gesture, and he had only required a small amount of energy to accomplish that.

The Foolery and Pellio also didn't hesitate to drink from their cups. Instead, the others waited to see the pleased expressions on their companions' faces before approaching the cups.

Tasting Divine Demon's wine filled everyone with surprise and excitement. Substances capable of affecting rank 9 experts were extremely hard to find on the higher plane, and the situation was worse when it came to things like food and drinks.

Most experts simply gave up on experiencing the genuine pleasure of eating or drinking after reaching the higher levels of the cultivation path. That change was almost inevitable, but Divine Demon could solve the issue easily.

Moreover, the fact that Divine Demon could affect the experts' minds spoke for his power. He was another monster who ignored the limits of the ranks. He was like Noah.

"How did you spend your time alone?" Noah asked after emptying his cup.

"You know how I am," Divine Demon stated. "I've flown around drinking and destroying the sky that had filled the higher plane whenever I got bored. Heaven and Earth even sent a Tribulation once. They didn't try that again after seeing what I did with it."

"I guess that's enough to make you advance in your case," Noah said.

"What about you?" Divine Demon asked. "Are you behind the current state of the higher plane?"

"You have Elbas to praise for that," Noah explained. "He made the weapon that shattered the weak sky. I only helped."

"His level isn't just for looks then," Divine Demon chuckled while moving his attention back to the landmass. "So, what's the issue?"

"The landmass devours everything that touches its surface," Noah explained. "We can't place formations, and I have no intention of weakening my creation."

"That's how a demon should think!" Divine Demon shouted. "Leave this to me."

Divine Demon began to descend toward the landmass, and the Foolery left Noah's side to follow him. Divine Demon even patted the pig's head when the two began to fly together, but blood-red light began to amass under the creature after that gesture.

"What is happening?" The Foolery asked as the blood-red energy began to envelop its figure.

"You have grown lazy," Divine Demon announced. "I'll put you up to speed."

"Wait!" The Foolery shouted, but the blood-red energy suddenly transformed into a river that pushed it higher in the sky.

More of the world fell prey to Divine Demon's energy as the river stopped out of the landmass' range and began to expand. A vast area turned blood-red as a massive cubical structure materialized in its insides.

The structure had no windows, and its fabric fended off the experts' mental waves. Noah and the others could only inspect its external layout, which showed multiple flat towers and chains linked to its surfaces.

The Foolery was inside the structure, but its condition was unclear, and Divine Demon had no interest in giving explanations. Yet, Noah had a vague idea about the purpose of that vast structure. His instincts told him that something similar to a dragon was living inside it.

"Should we save the pig?" Emperor wondered.

"Leave it be," Noah ordered. "I need you to keep the project moving while I deal with a few things."

"What things?" Queen asked.

"Also, how are you so sure that your ally can solve the problem?" Cursed Reality asked. "I thought Elbas was one of the best inscription masters in the world."

"Divine Demon's power transcends reason," Noah shortly explained. "As for me, I have two more experts to summon."

"Are you going to call them again?" Queen asked. "How many of your allies can even appear out of nowhere?"

"No, he will need me this time," Pellio exclaimed as he hovered toward Noah while keeping his eyes closed. "I've dreamt about it."

Noah placed a finger on his forehead before taking out a few strands of black mental waves. He gave that energy to Pellio, who absorbed it inside his sea of consciousness and studied the scenes it carried.

"Is that enough to find them?" Noah asked.

"I can dream about their location and bring you in that area," Pellio stated. "However, something prevents me from getting too close. Even my dreams become unclear whenever I try to look deeply into the location."

"I expected as much," Noah declared. "It would be strange if those two didn't have something able to hinder your power."

"Wait, you can't leave the area," Cursed Reality said. "Only you know how to handle that creature's mood."

"Just throw energy at it whenever you hear its growls," Noah reassured. "I can't let any of you meet those two on your own.. You might lose your worlds if you aren't careful."