Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2177 - 2177. Edges

The project was a joint effort that featured multiple powers. Each phase required the help of various experts, even if some only had to play a small role in the matter.

Noah had built the landmass' core, but his tasks weren't over. His influence was the only force able to suppress and control his creation, so he had to remain around and watchful.

Emperor had to work closely with Noah due to his unique ability. The landmass would start eating the fabric of space if the expert didn't provide energy. Noah even had to predict whenever his creation would become hungry at some point since the project had reached critical phases.

June, King Elbas, Great Builder, and Divine Demon were the true stars of the project. Their knowledge of the inscription's field was boundless, and their specific fields were necessary for different reasons. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

No one dared to say it out loud, but King Elbas was the true leader of the project. His knowledge wasn't only unmatched. He also had access to the strongest type of energy in the entirety of the higher plane.

That part wasn't always a positive aspect. June and Great Builder struggled to understand how to use King Elbas' final energy due to its incredible features. Explanations wouldn't work either, but Divine Demon didn't need them.

Divine Demon was the exact opposite of King Elbas. He barely knew what he was doing, but his miraculous ability allowed the experts to work together even if that wasn't theoretically possible.

The landmass ate anything that touched its surface, but Divine Demon created a series of extremely thin layers that didn't cause any reaction on those black surfaces. Those structures allowed King Elbas and the others to place formations on the creature without interacting with its devouring abilities.

June had to build the cores of the various formations since her expertise could optimize consumption and power output better than anyone else on the scene. However, her creations often failed to withstand the levels of power reached by King Elbas' final energy.

Divine Demon solved that issue by generating new materials that escaped even King Elbas' knowledge. Those items turned out to be perfect for June's cores and eventually allowed her to improve her creations until they could withstand King Elbas' energy.

Great Builder's role was peculiar. In theory, he fell in King Elbas' category when it came to his abilities. Yet, King Elbas was above him in multiple fields, which seemed to make his presence in the project redundant.

However, Great Builder surpassed the others in terms of experience. His character was also milder and more balanced than his companions. His ability to generate centers of power depending on his needs even helped the project in many ways.

After all, the landmass wasn't a mere item. Noah had built it to be a living being, so it could benefit from Great Builder's artificial centers of power. They even became as crucial as June's cores at some point.

With King Elbas in the lead, June taking the role of a priceless asset, Divine Demon solving each significant issue, and Great Builder acting as a glue for the team, the project moved quickly. Still, they weren't the only experts with crucial tasks.

The orange city provided necessary materials and assets whenever the team on the landmass needed something. The old rulers had the greatest workshop in the world, and they could handle every request even if part of their buildings were busy improving magical beasts.

Nevertheless, the old rulers weren't as important as the two dragons in the project. The time dragon and the space dragon's abilities were crucial in quickening specific phases and making sure that the various formations didn't influence each other until the experts were convinced that they could work together.

Of course, King Elbas, Great Builder, Noah, the old rulers, and probably even June would have been able to handle most of the project by themselves. Still, working together allowed them to make their different expertise shine and strive toward the best version of the landmass.

The landmass changed as the project continued. Initially, it had been a massive, sword-shaped chunk of unique dark matter, but its colors and shape underwent heavy modifications.

The creature grew thicker as formations and buildings accumulated on its large sides. King Elbas and the others tried their best to leave its sharp edges clear, but they didn't hold back from adding weapons and similar tools on those spots.

The new shades that covered the landmass were mostly golden since King Elbas was in charge of dealing with the foundation of the whole array of inscriptions. However, colors belonging to each expert involved in the project also appeared and showed their light as they came to life.

Soon, multiple areas appeared on the landmass. The experts built various training fields meant for the improved magical beasts and specific structures for each major expert in Noah's organization.

The landmass didn't only need weapons. It had to become a proper world, something similar to the previous higher plane. It required resources, different environments, places that creatures with many natures could inhabit freely.

Luckily for the group, Noah had already dealt with similar projects, and his companions could help improve them. Their assistance also felt necessary in front of something as massive as the landmass, but the teamwork made everything go smoothly.

The landmass continued to radiate its aura throughout the process, which naturally carried Noah's ambition. That influence improved everything built on its surface, and the experts' careful approach prevented that force from disturbing the general harmony.

Typically, each building and structure on the landmass would obtain a personal path. Noah's ambition didn't care about harmony. It only wanted each material or construction to strive toward the best version of itself.

Still, King Elbas' calculations had considered that feature. The ambition radiated by the landmass didn't see the various creations and inscriptions as different structures. It saw them as a single environment connected to the black core, which generated harmonious growth.

The project went on for an uncountable number of years, even if the experts did their best to quicken its phases. Yet, their worlds didn't suffer from that lengthy effort. They actually improved.

Noah and the others were literally building a world. No other project could make them affect the universe as deeply, so they naturally improved. They were leaving an eternal mark on the higher plane, and their existences understood that.

Sadly, the growth remained slow. It was simply impossible to affect that part of the group's training due to their high level. Noah and the others became stronger, but none experienced significant improvements.

Then, when the project was about to reach its final phases, Noah's prediction turned out to be correct. A wave of silver light appeared in the distance and flew toward the landmass, stopping only when it reached the edges of the dark area.

Noah didn't even need to inspect the wave of energy to know who had joined the team. Sword Saint didn't greet anyone as he flew toward the edges of the landmass and studied their sharpness. He appeared conflicted about their state, and his hands itched to start working on them.

"Go ahead," Noah announced before Sword Saint could ask anything. "I was waiting for you to show up, but make sure to work with the others.. We can't mess things up now."