Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2178 - 2178. Issue

The leadership of the project went to Sword Saint right after his arrival. The expert knew almost nothing about inscriptions and similar fields, but his orders were necessary to preserve the landmass' nature.

It didn't matter had many buildings appeared on the landmass' surface. Even the rich and vast array of inscriptions couldn't affect that issue. The immense creature had to remain a blade, and only Sword Saint could make sure that the project went in the right direction.

The final phases of the project revealed problems that went beyond the structural hindrances caused by the different methods applied. The landmass never stopped growing stronger, and the formations on its surface improved with it. Those effects eventually became impossible to ignore and forced the experts to adapt to them.

The darkened space expanded as the landmass improved. The creature carried Noah's influence, so it naturally applied the same effects on the world.

The expansion also accelerated exponentially since the buildings and formations went through the same improvements. It was as if the landmass experienced two different growths at the same time, which obviously quickened the arrival of significant changes.

The sharp edges stretched under Sword Saint's directives. The landmass as a whole also became thinner to enhance all the features connected to the blades. The experts had to adjust some of the arrays during the process, but their efforts eventually became superfluous.

The project reached the point when the landmass and the structures on its surface stopped being separate entities that shared deep connections. They completely fused into a single being and improved together seamlessly.

King Elbas' calculations allowed the group to reach that situation after they had built all the necessary structures. The landmass was in its best possible state, even if the experts had to polish specific areas and add a few inscriptions.

The most challenging and significant part of the project was over. The world had obtained a new higher plane, but the event didn't make the group happy. Noah and the others knew that they had reached a phase they couldn't affect.

The landmass and the inscriptions on its surface had become one. It was safe to say that the current state of the structure depicted its core, but an issue remained. The creature had to grow, and only time could solve that problem.

"How long do you think it will take to reach full maturity?" King Elbas asked when he found Noah working on an area next to him.

"I honestly don't know," Noah admitted.

"Can't you at least come up with an estimate?" King Elbas seriously questioned.

"I could when the landmass only had my power," Noah explained. "We have fused too much with its core now. I can't understand how some of its parts will affect its overall growth. I believe you have the same problem."

"I hoped your instincts would have found something," King Elbas sighed. "I guess asking the idiot is too dangerous."

"Divine Demon's ability is unreasonable," Noah stated, "But it doesn't always work according to our needs. He might find an answer or force the landmass to stick with it, and we can't risk affecting its growth."

"What about the other issue?" King Elbas asked. "We are basically taking over the whole world."

"Did you expect a different outcome?" Noah chuckled. "We have always been above the normal limits of the accepted cultivation system. It's only normal for a single higher plane to fall short."

Noah, King Elbas, and the member of the original team were in the same pickle. Building the landmass had increased their influence on the world, which had naturally raised their level. However, the breakthrough remained distant.

The theory behind the breakthroughs in the ninth rank was clear in the group's minds. The expert had to expand their worlds and make them heavier until the universe noticed their presence.

Still, the space where those worlds could expand was limited, or, rather, Noah and the others didn't have anything else to influence. They had created a higher plane. Everything under the sky was experiencing the effects of their existence, but that wasn't enough to reach the breakthrough.

"There is only one solution then," King Elbas declared.

"I don't like it either," Noah commented, "But we don't have other chances. We must experience our last breakthrough during the final battle."

"That's so problematic," King Elbas scoffed. "Even I can't prepare for something like that."

"I'm afraid you'll have to wing it," Noah joked.

"My winging it remains leagues above your idiotic behavior," King Elbas responded.

"Heaven and Earth's forces are too numerous to gather in a single battlefield anyway," Noah reassured. "We'll have our opportunities."

"And we even know our designated opponents," King Elbas continued. "Do you think you can defeat him in your current state?"

"He'll probably do his best to make me defeat him," Noah guessed. "What about you? Divine Architect will be ready for you."

"That's how worlds like us fight," King Elbas announced. "I'll lose in terms of resources and experience, but I wield the strongest inscription method and energy. I'll win."

"It's that or death," Noah exclaimed. "Well, unless you want me to come and save your ass after I dealt with Caesar."

"Don't even joke about it," King Elbas uttered. "Besides, we have greater problems to worry about. Heaven and Earth will surely try to seize the idiot."

"Don't forget the old rulers," Noah sighed. "June and Sword Saint are also potential targets due to their worlds. I can even imagine Heaven and Earth taking an interest in Pellio, Alexander, and a few others."

"We can't protect all of them," King Elbas stated.

"They won't survive the final battle if they need our protection," Noah declared. "We should focus our efforts on the old rulers."

"And rely on the idiot to handle everything on his own?" King Elbas asked.

"Would you rather ditch your battle to help him?" Noah wondered.

"I want to be on the opposite side of the world!" King Elbas shouted.

"It's set then," Noah laughed. "See? It wasn't hard to come up with a plan."

"The sole fact that you consider that to be a plan is insulting," King Elbas commented.

Noah continued to laugh, but another matter that required a few words appeared in his mind. "We should still try our best to make someone advance."

"Are you talking about Supreme Thief?" King Elbas asked. "I overheard that his target is the sky. Isn't that too dangerous?"

"Do you we have other options?" Noah questioned.

"No, but an issue remains," King Elbas exclaimed. "We probably don't have a method to pierce the sky in its current state."

"We have the black dragon," Noah pointed out.

"I considered it in my previous statement," King Elbas explained. "Also, even if the mission works, we risk awakening Heaven and Earth."

"Who is afraid now?" Noah laughed. "We can't improve significantly anyway. If we end up triggering the final battle prematurely, so be it."

"You are as chaotic as always," King Elbas sighed.

"And you complain even if you have already made up your mind," Noah mocked.

"We have spent far too long together," King Elbas exclaimed. "I can't wait to get rid of you forever." Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Don't worry," Noah reassured. "I'll leave you all behind once the sky crumbles."

"I want to see you try," King Elbas challenged.

"We'll all try," Noah laughed, and King Elbas also wore a smirk.. Their plan had many flaws, but they couldn't wait to jump into it.