Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2180 - 2180. Expansion

Dumps accompanied the fart, and the other winged pigs didn't remain still. They followed their leader's example and activated their innate ability. It was lucky that most of the pack was on the old landmass, but the area quickly grew smelly.

"I want Heaven and Earth to win," King Elbas heaved a helpless sigh. "We don't deserve to survive."

"It finally came out," Noah exclaimed. "We can start the final phase of the project now."

"Right," Great Builder stated. "It was about time we approached that phase."

"My breakthrough is next, right?" Supreme Thief asked.

"Yes, yes," Great builder commented. "We will dive into a perilous mission that can potentially lead to our complete destruction because you can't hold back."

"I forgot how many times we had to do that," Noah laughed. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"I didn't!" Divine Demon shouted.

"I'm surrounded by idiots," King Elbas cursed.

Emperor and Cursed Reality had remained silent through most of those conversations. They had found their place among that group, but they remained surprised in front of those happy interactions.

The Foolery behavior didn't help the three experts. Noah and the others appeared way too used to those events, which naturally made them question what kind of life they had in the higher plane.

Cursed Reality, Queen, and Emperor had found a few answers in the many stories that Noah and the others had shared during the many meetings. Still, they had yet to discover so much, but the Foolery's behavior quelled part of their curiosity.

"Pig, move on the landmass," Noah growled while ignoring the bickering that had started around him. "It's time to turn it blue."

"My time to shine has arrived!" The Foolery squealed. "Follow me, my pack!"

"What follow me!" Noah snorted as he teleported in front of the liquid stage Foolery to stop its charge. "We can't let the weak ones handle the first batch of blue bushes. You have to do it by yourself."

"But the landmass is immense," The Foolery gasped. "I am amazing, but my butt would hurt if I take it on all by myself."

"I'm sure you'll like my arrangements," Noah stated. "King Elbas will follow you step by step and make sure that you have enough food to complete the project."

"Hey, when did you decide that?" King Elbas called.

"Will I get to eat his creations?" The Foolery asked.

"Of course," Noah reassured. "He has the best energy in the world. It will be delicious."

"Why are you mentioning my creations?" King Elbas shouted.

"Do I get to annoy him along the way?" The Foolery asked.

"Feel free to do as you wish," Noah stated.

"Damn you, Noah!" King Elbas cursed while teleporting next to Noah and the Foolery. "I didn't agree to any of this. Why would I even spend years with this smelly brute?"

"Can you think of someone else with enough knowledge to prevent the Foolery from making a mess?" Noah asked.

"No, but-," King Elbas exclaimed, but another question interrupted him.

"Can you think of something stronger than your final energy?" Noah continued.

"Obviously not!" King Elbas instinctively declared.

"See, you are the perfect expert for the job," Noah stated. "You'll make sure that the Foolery always has fuel for his innate ability and stop it from doing something stupid."

"I-," King Elbas started to complain, but he changed the contents of his line when he understood how necessary his role was there. "I hate you."

"I'm sure you'll hate me even more during the mission," Noah laughed, and the group in the distance laughed with him.

King Elbas snorted, but he grabbed the pig and teleported both of them next to the landmass. He started the mission right away since he wanted it to end as soon as possible.

Supreme Thief continued to complain, but Noah and the others didn't dare to leave the landmass during that critical phase. A lot could go wrong while filling the creature with blue bushes, so the various experts had to remain ready to help King Elbas.

The process couldn't be fast even with King Elbas doing his best to accelerate it and the Foolery expressing the full power of its new level. Some areas simply required more attention, which slowed the approach and kept the two worlds stuck in a constant discussion.

Noah and the others had to join the task from time to time. King Elbas required help whenever he and the Foolery reached areas that featured unique structures. Still, those moments were often short, which prevented King Elbas from distracting his companion.

Meanwhile, Noah and the others continued to enjoy that peaceful period. They were almost entirely free, and their worlds improved on their own due to the landmass' growth. They only had to take care of the new arrivals, so they could enjoy happy meetings and parties most of the time.

The landmass changed shape and shades for the third time. Multiple colors had filled it after the experts were done with the formations and structures, but a blue radiance became predominant as the Foolery continued to activate its innate ability.

Blue bushes began to fill every corner of the landmass without affecting its core. Its aura continued to carry the same intense features, but a pleasant and captivating scent joined them.

The magical beasts inside the orange city grew restless in front of so many resources. Far too long had passed since they could enjoy the benefits that only a higher plane could offer. They were all old enough to remember how life was in the past, and that only intensified their urges.

Moreover, Noah's landmass appeared far richer than the old higher plane. The solid stage aura that surrounded the creature was a bit scary, but the resources on its surface were numerous.

Heaven and Earth had destroyed the higher plane and had caused countless deaths. They had also taken control of all the landing areas connected to the Mortal Lands.

The population under the sky had shrunk further due to the various Tribulations and difficulties connected to life inside the storms. Yet, a new higher plane had appeared now. The time to repopulate the world had finally arrived.

Of course, the old rulers didn't let anyone leave the orange city until King Elbas and the Foolery completed their task. The landmass continued to turn blue as more bushes appeared until that color took control of the whole area.

The time had come. King Elbas and the Foolery reunited with the main group, while hordes of improved magical beasts left the orange city and shot toward the landmass.

The resources on the landmass didn't benefit any specific species, but they remained incredible since they came from the Foolery's ability. The magical beasts soon occupied multiple areas, and their influence naturally transformed them into unique habitats.

"It has begun," Great Builder sighed as a satisfied smile appeared on his face.

The others stood up and inspected the scene. The magical beasts' influence was adding a diversity that the landmass didn't initially have. They were the real last phase of the project, which had finally started.

Everyone gazed in amazement and satisfaction as the transformation progressed until it reached its end. Noah and the others had done it.. They had built a new higher plane, and the event matched the complete expansion of the darkened area.