Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2181 - 2181. Fun

The world had two factions, and its colors clearly showed them. The sky's light wasn't as intense as before, but it still existed and tried to seep into the higher plane. However, the landmass didn't allow that.

The entirety of the higher plane was dark. That color even tried to push back Heaven and Earth's light, creating a constant conflict right above the sky's edges. The scene was spectacular, and Noah's forces gazed in amazement at what they had created.

It seemed that the higher plane had fallen into a constant night that had a single, massive star in the distance. Noah couldn't help but feel restless as he inspected the sky standing past the landmass' darkness. Caesar had confirmed it, but that scene highlighted it. The final battle was only one step away.

The event was so meaningful that King Elbas forgot to complain about his recent mission with the Foolery. Even the winged pig stopped caring about teasing his companion. Everyone watched the culmination of the project in silence and excitement.

"We got a banner in the end," Steven commented. "Robert would have liked it."

"Robert would have liked all our recent feats," Noah responded.

"That's only natural when we behave as true demons," Divine Demon announced.

"More forces are coming to reach the landmass," King Elbas revealed.

"I can't see Alexander and Wilfred," Sword Saint exclaimed.

"They are probably together somewhere," Noah reassured.

"Where?" Great Builder asked. "We have literally become the higher plane. I would have considered separate realities, but we have the guy who does them right here."

"I haven't been called "guy" in eras," Cursed Reality replied.

"He wants to make you feel young," Supreme Thief joked.

"You know the answer," Noah stated, ignoring the jokes that had begun to resound around him. "They are probably busy doing something in the sky."

"That's oddly perfect since we are headed there," Supreme Thief exclaimed.

"Do you think Heaven and Earth want to use them as baits?" Steven asked. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"Do you think Heaven and Earth can keep those two trapped?" Sword Saint questioned, and the group instinctively turned toward Divine Demon, King Elbas, and Noah.

"We would have noticed it if Heaven and Earth were up to something," Noah reminded. "This is probably something that the privileged cultivators are doing on their own."

"They better not lose against those weaklings," Divine Demon snorted.

"I can't imagine them losing," King Elbas admitted. "They are strong, and Alexander isn't a complete idiot either."

"I want to see Xavier's rankings in idiocy," The Foolery declared.

"Divine Demon and you are in the last spot together," Noah answered.

"I bet he even has many empty spots before his name," Sepunia giggled.

"You just went down by one spot," King Elbas stated.

"No, you added an empty spot before my name," Sepunia corrected, and King Elbas rolled his eyes to avoid confirming the statement.

"Xavier suddenly became cuter," Vesuvia commented.

"You have one annoying kink," June sighed.

"Why do you think we put her on the floor?" Queen asked.

"Can we go back to my breakthrough?" Supreme Thief suggested.

"We might be able to distract this greedy idiot for a few millennia," Great Builder guessed.

"Do not worry!" The Foolery exclaimed. "I shall remind him of the mission every day!"

"It obviously got everything wrong," King Elbas sighed.

"Let's go to the orange city," Noah ordered. "We need the dragon anyway. Also, we must make sure that our influences keep transforming the landmass."

"Who is staying behind?" June asked.

"Cursed Reality has his part of the project to handle," Noah explained. "Vesuvia's presence is necessary down there, and I won't bring the old rulers anywhere close to the sky. A few experts who know how the landmass works should also remain behind. As for the others, you are free to do as you wish."

"I won't miss a mission inside the sky," Steven announced.

"I'm not doing something as boring as remaining behind," Divine Demon declared.

"I must come to make sure that you won't die," King Elbas sighed.

"My role is obvious," Supreme Thief snorted.

"A trip to the sky sounds fun," Sepunia giggled.

"I want to remain behind and have fun," The Foolery complained.

"Then, do that," King Elbas uttered.

"But Divine Demon will scold me again if I slack off," The Foolery whined.

"What is taking Heaven and Earth so long?" King Elbas cursed.

"I also think that I should work harder," Maribel added.

"We have the team," Noah announced. "Everyone else, just do as you wish."

The group dispersed and flew toward different areas of the landmass. The rank 9 experts did their best to take control of empty spots that wouldn't end up clashing with other worlds. They also avoided the areas already occupied by magical beasts to make sure that diverse environments continued to appear.

Meanwhile, Noah, June, King Elbas, Supreme Thief, Sepunia, Maribel, Divine Demon, the Foolery, and Steven flew toward an area hidden behind a thick array of orange lightning bolts. The orange city had claimed a spot on the landmass, and its forces had spread in the nearby areas.

Numerous packs of improved magical beasts altered the artificial lands created by arrays of formations by devouring the blue bushes and expanding their influence. Multiple suitable lairs had already appeared in that short time, but more work was needed.

Noah and the others only glanced at those areas before entering the orange city. The array of lightning bolts opened to allow the experts' passage, and the team soon reached the deep pit.

"We never thought we would have seen the higher plane reach a similar state," The old rulers announced as soon as the experts landed at the bottom of the pit.

"Don't try to take over the landmass while we are gone," Noah warned.

"Oh, we have prepared plans during the whole project," The old rulers joked.

"Does it count as a betrayal if I steal the landmass for myself after the old rulers take it?" Supreme Thief wondered.

"Our creation would be a failure if it were so easy to corrupt and steal," Divine Demon commented.

"Do you want to make a bet?" Supreme Thief asked.

"You are rank 9 experts," King Elbas scolded. "What can you even gain from a bet?"

"The landmass?" Supreme Thief questioned.

"A demon doesn't need gains to jump into a gamble," Divine Demon exclaimed.

"I swear I heard you say the opposite thing in the past," June scoffed.

"A demon doesn't need to be reasonable!" Divine Demon responded.

"That sounds convenient," Maribel politely added.

"Did you expect something different from the leader of the idiots?" King Elbas sighed, and Sepunia giggled.

"How is the dragon?" Noah asked while ignoring his group.

"It grew," The old rulers replied. "However, piercing the sky in its current state might be too hard even for a creature with such peculiar abilities."

"Can't you see my underlings?" Noah stated while pointing at the experts around him. "They will probably kill each other if I don't give them something to do."

"We are indeed surprised that the landmass is still in one piece," The old rulers joked.

"Never say never," Divine Demon laughed.

"Did you forget about the mission again?" Supreme Thief asked.

"I did!" The Foolery squealed, happy to have found the chance to speak.

"The dragon," Noah reminded.

"It's getting a speech from the time dragon and space dragon," The old rulers revealed. "They have actually requested your presence.. We'll have fun with your companions in the meantime."