Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2186 - 2186. Immortal

Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Heaven and Earth wouldn't have refrained themselves from attacking Noah's group directly if they were awake. However, their passive and condescending behavior told the team that they still couldn't show their faces.

That understanding made the following events far too easy to predict. Noah and the others knew that some privileged cultivators would have appeared, so they were ready when the battle arrived.

"I am more than enough to deal with all of them," Divine Demon shouted.

"Leave them to me!" Supreme Thief exclaimed. "They seem to be a good addition to my world."

"Let me prove myself!" The Foolery squealed.

"I shall not cooperate with anyone!" The Eternal Snake hissed.

"I'll kill anyone who gets in my way," June threatened.

"Don't you even think about leaving me behind," Steven announced.

"I also want to fight!" The odd dragon roared.

"Defying Demon, what do we do?" Maribel politely asked.

"Isn't that obvious?" King Elbas sighed. "You don't need to ask Noah that kind of stuff. Just ignore the idiots and join the fights."

"Did you just save Defying Demon some time?" Sepunia teased. "You acted as a proper underling."

"Why don't you join my battle and get in my attacks' trajectory?" King Elbas scoffed.

"I wonder if you'll really attack me," Sepunia giggled, and King Elbas limited himself to ignore her.

"Elbas, take the pig, Supreme Thief, and Sepunia," Noah ordered. "June will go with Steven, Maribel, and the dragon. I will handle the snake and Divine Demon."

"Why would I fight with the pig?" King Elbas complained.

"I will never join forces with you!" The Eternal Snake hissed.

"Can I complain even if I don't mind the current teams?" The Foolery asked.

Noah knew that those complaints were coming, so he focused the entirety of his attention on the three experts. They were clearly privileged cultivators, but their power stood on different realms even if they were all in the solid stage.

The middle-aged woman who had spoken acted as the leader of her group. The intensity of her aura surpassed her companions, and the same went for the disgust on her face.

The young-looking man at her left wore an uncaring smile. His presence was difficult to inspect, but his level remained undeniable. Instead, the third cultivator was an old woman who wore a cold expression while studying her opponents.

Supreme Thief instinctively sprinted toward the middle-aged woman, and the companions appointed by Noah followed him. Meanwhile, June and those in her team flew toward the old woman.

Noah didn't feel surprised by that division, and he didn't mind handling the least remarkable opponent either. The intensity of the aura didn't necessarily reveal someone's prowess, and he preferred to go against seemingly troublesome opponents. His team was perfect for them.

The snake didn't like to fight someone seemingly unremarkable, but it held back from opposing Noah's orders. Still, it shot toward the young-looking man before Noah and Divine Demon, and the latter let it do as it wished.

The three privileged cultivators separated and flew toward different areas to create multiple battlefields. Their expressions carried no fear toward the incoming fights, and it wasn't hard to guess why.

Noah and the others were in the middle of the sky. Even Noah's new influence would find it hard to create areas where the whiteness couldn't stretch.

In theory, Heaven and Earth had complete control over the area. Killing privileged cultivators in that environment would be almost impossible, but Noah and the others never refused a challenge, especially when the conditions favored them.

Heaven and Earth's inability to step into the battlefields directly was the most crucial aspect of that situation. They had even chosen to let Noah and the others enter the sky freely instead of opposing them. That spoke loudly about their condition and reassured their invaders.

'Maybe Heaven and Earth want us to kill these cultivators,' Noah thought as he watched the snake rushing toward the young-looking man. 'Maybe they want to seize what remains of their world after we win.'

That plan sounded reasonable. Heaven and Earth had their eyes on their strongest assets for entire years, but their lack of understanding had never allowed them to seize that power.

Heaven and Earth's new state probably didn't need the entirety of those incredible worlds anymore. Even shards of them could be enough to bring their power to perfection. Noah couldn't confirm that hypothesis, but he didn't stop his thoughts since they allowed him to come up with possible countermeasures.

Part of Noah had already decided that he wouldn't let anything about his opponent survive. Night, Snore, and the parasite silently acknowledged those intentions, and the same went for the swords that materialized in his palms.

"My heir, you think too much," Divine Demon laughed when he noticed Noah's pensive state.

"Someone has to do it," Noah chuckled. "Still, you are correct now. Let's just go all-out."

"That's the spirit!" Divine Demon shouted, and the two accelerated toward their opponent.

The Eternal Snake wasn't as fast as Noah, Divine Demon, and the young-looking man. It couldn't catch up with its opponent while he flew toward an isolated area. Still, an angry hiss left the creature's mouth when the cultivator stopped moving.

Noah and Divine Demon had the chance to surpass the snake and prevent its reckless charge, but they let it go first. The creature opened its giant mouth before closing it as soon as it reached its opponent.

The young-looking cultivator didn't seem to notice the incoming attack. He was busy glancing at a random spot in the sky when the mouth closed around him. Silver liquid even slid down the snake's fangs as it made sure to freeze everything inside its bite.

Noah and Divine Demon slowed down when they saw that scene. The Eternal Snake wasn't weak. It was actually above average for an upper tier magical beast. However, its opponent was a privileged cultivator in the solid stage. The world had nothing stronger than that.

That simple attack couldn't have killed the cultivator, but Divine Demon and Noah remained on the sidelines while they waited for something to happen. Yet, their decision only led to deep confusion since they felt their opponent's aura vanishing.

"Is he really dead?" Noah couldn't help but wonder.

"It can't be, right?" Divine Demon continued. "We can't be so unlucky. Should I revive him?"

"Try not to do that with our enemies," Noah ordered.

"But this was far too boring," Divine Demon complained.

The Eternal Snake gulped and opened its mouth to hiss proudly. Shards of silver ice fell from its fangs during the process, and the cultivator's aura finally vanished. The battle seemed to have ended there, but Noah and Divine Demon didn't let that strange event affect their concentration.

"I am the greatest being in the sky!" The snake hissed, but its expression suddenly froze.

A spot halfway through the snake's body began to inflate until it generated a gory explosion. The detonation almost cut the creature in half, but the figure that came out didn't care enough about the situation to benefit from it.

"Don't go around eating people," The young-looking cultivator complained as he removed all the blood and gore that had fallen on his body. "That might kill someone, you know?"

The Eternal Snake spat a river of silver water that froze part of the whiteness around it and created ice that fixed its injury. Its anger appeared unstoppable, but Noah landed on its head before it could charge ahead again.

"What do you mean by someone?" Noah asked while preventing the snake from pushing forward.

"Well, someone," The young-looking cultivator shrugged his shoulders. "Someone who isn't me."

"That sounded like a challenge," Divine Demon declared in excitement while appearing on the opposite side of the privileged cultivator.

"Don't bother," The young-looking cultivator yawned. "I can't die.. I am immortal."