Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2198 - 2198. Final Workshop

"Show me something worth stealing," Supreme Thief exclaimed.

"Give me even more different meals," The Foolery squealed.

"Make sure not to move too much," Sepunia asked while patting King Elbas' shoulder. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

"I should just burn all of you," King Elbas cursed.

The middle-aged woman didn't expect that reaction, but she disregarded the faint irritation building inside her to focus on her technique. Her mirrors had transformed into multiple rings that rotated around her figure, and power slowly accumulated inside them.

"Is that it?" Supreme Thief asked.

"Don't rush her," The Foolery scolded. "Her meals have to be perfect. Do you hear me? Perfect!"

"I should be able to mess around with the process," Sepunia revealed.

"Don't," King Elbas stopped Sepunia. "I want to see what she creates."

"You can get so serious at times," Sepunia giggled, and King Elbas managed to keep the curse in his mind at that time.

The middle-aged woman closed her eyes as the rings around her began to shine. Multicolored light filled her surroundings and created a vast area that radiated countless shades.

The multicolored domain unleashed heavy pressure that hindered the experts' movements. King Elbas promptly took out two pairs of golden sandals, and one of them fused with his feet.

King Elbas offered the other pair to Sepunia, and she seized it, but a complaint still left her mouth. "Can't you make them pink?"

"Do you dislike my color now?" King Elbas scoffed.

"You can be romantic then," Sepunia teased.

"Where do you find the romance in that?" King Elbas shouted, but Sepunia limited herself to laughing as she wore the sandals.

"I've studied all your attacks," The middle-aged woman declared. "My knowledge comprehends years of study and trillions of materials. Most of them have disappeared before your birth. Tremble and despair before the final workshop."

The multicolored domain expanded, and different structures made of pure light slowly left it. An army with hundreds of strange beings soon formed, and all of them didn't hold back from radiating different auras.

"How much is a trillion?" The Foolery asked, but Supreme Thief didn't answer.

Supreme Thief appeared pissed as he watched the army unfolding in front of his eyes. The multicolored spectacle was incredible. The sole thought that a single expert could give birth to beings that had so many different auras was terrifying, but Supreme Thief's mood went beyond that.

"Maybe Heaven and Earth took the idea of the perfect counters from her," King Elbas guessed.

"But she retained her status as a privileged cultivator," Sepunia uttered.

"Which can mean two things," King Elbas explained. "She might have a special deal with Heaven and Earth, or we are about to face a better version of the perfect counters."

"I wouldn't call it better," The privileged cultivator declared. "Studying, sorting information, and producing something powerful are complicated procedures. Heaven and Earth can simplify and condense them into the shape of lasting beings. Instead, my creations never last long."

"I can already think of a few fixes to the issue," King Elbas responded. "First of all, you need to change core material. Your energy is subpar."

"I had many interesting meetings with Divine Architect," The middle-aged woman revealed. "I know everything about the higher and final energy, but she acknowledged the value of my world despite its shortcomings."

"So, what?" King Elbas wondered. "A random nobody tells you that you are fine, and you stop improving? Is that all it takes with you?"

"I can sense Defying Demon's arrogance in your words," The privileged cultivator stated. "It's a pity that you let him taint your existence. You would have been a great addition to Heaven and Earth's power. Who knows? You might have even surpassed Divine Architect."

"Didn't she tell you?" King Elbas asked while raising his hand and turning it into blinding flames. "I have already surpassed her."

"You had to storm the sky and steal Heaven and Earth's precious materials to stabilize your flawed experiment," The middle-aged woman laughed. "That's nowhere near what Divine Architect achieved in the short time she has spent inside the sky."

"She is younger than you then," King Elbas mocked. "Are you ashamed to be surpassed by someone like that?"

"You fail to understand what's important in this conversation," The middle-aged woman sighed. "Even in death, you choose arrogance over reason. You should have learnt to accept your place in the system of the universe long ago."

"Is she saying that the universe made her weaker than Divine Architect?" Sepunia wondered.

"No, she is just delusional," King Elbas explained. "Caesar has probably filled her head with ideas of fate and similar gibberish."

"Xavier, Xavier," The Foolery called.

"Not now," King Elbas scolded. "I'm trying to get information from this idiot."

"I think there's something wrong with Supreme Thief," The Foolery continued.

King Elbas and Sepunia focused on Supreme Thief but didn't find anything odd. Yet, as they observed him, they noticed that his mood never changed. Supreme Thief was pissed beyond reason, and anger even seeped out of that expression.

"Supreme Thief?" King Elbas called, but Supreme Thief didn't bother to turn.

"What did you call that hideous domain?" Supreme Thief asked in a cold tone.

"Did your senses grow dull after coming back to life?" The privileged cultivator mocked. "My world is the final workshop, the power that has set your deaths in stone."

"Final workshop," Supreme Thief repeated as an azure pulling force came out of his body. "I guess you had something worth stealing in the end. I'll take it away and throw it in the void since you dared think that your world is the final version of someone else's technique."

"You know, we had doubts about your relationship with Great Builder," The middle-aged woman revealed. "He considers you a friend, but your existence barely acknowledges similar figures. However, it seemed that many of us were wrong. You do care."

"That has little to do with the matter," Supreme Thief announced. "I usually steal when I know that I would have done better than my opponents if I had chosen their path. Still, I don't need to prove anything now. I already know someone who stands above you."

"Nonsense," The middle-aged woman responded. "There are only a handful of experts with a world as flexible as mine. Still, most of them fall short in terms of power. Great Builder isn't an exception."

"We'll see," Supreme Thief threatened before moving his attention on his companions. "You three, let's stop messing around. I want to destroy her."

"Can you reach the breakthrough with her world?" King Elbas asked.

"I wasn't joking," Supreme Thief voiced. "I will steal her world and throw it into the void. So, don't finish her on your own."

"I don't take orders from you," King Elbas declared. "However, if you really care about it, I might consider playing the bait."

A series of items left King Elbas' figure and began to fuse to create a massive structure bigger than the entirety of the multicolored domain. The expert even added his flames to the process, and an immense shape soon came to life.

A nine-headed hydra roared at the sky as soon as its body stabilized.. Its size made the middle-aged woman's army look like a small gathering of weak beings, but she didn't show any hesitation when she launched her offensive.