Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2214 - 2214. Orange

The orange teleports brought the modified magical beasts away before the explosions could engulf them with violent energy. Still, the spectacle of white light filled the entire higher plane, and the experts on the landmass inspected it either coldly or in pure marvel.

The modified magical beasts had a simple job. The old rulers had improved them to counter Heaven and Earth's power, which was highly effective against weak assets like the avatars.

The heavy and specific influence that the various orange platoons had unleashed on the first encirclement had been enough to destabilize the massive amount of energy accumulated. That had caused explosions that ended up hurting even the improved cultivators in the backlines.

Noah and the others watched everything unfolding from the landmass. The higher plane lit up with white light as the energy accumulated by the avatars went crazy and spread throughout the encirclement.

Countless detonations happened and fused to create deafening rumbling noises that shot in every direction. The higher plane was almost empty except for the landmass, but an earthquake spread anyway. The very fabric of space shook under the might unleashed by the explosions.

Multiple formations lit up on the landmass as the violent energy, shockwaves, and soundwaves reached its domain. Cursed Reality's defenses absorbed and filtered what they could before leaving the rest to the inscriptions on the surface.

The landmass had experienced better gains in terms of energy, but everyone understood that the event was a turning point in the final battle. Most of the unstable offensive spread throughout the encirclement and destroyed the avatars. Even the rank 9 puppets couldn't survive their own power.

The scene was majestic. Many rejoiced, but the core members of Noah's organization prepared for the worst. They knew that the event would force Heaven and Earth's hand.

The improved cultivators kept their formations stable to defend against the violent energy trying to spread toward the sky. They could easily handle that unstable and raw power, but they would also suffer losses, so Heaven and Earth helped them by sending light directly inside their bodies.

The white radiance expanded before losing power and retreating under the landmass' dark influence. The higher plane seemed to go back to its state before the final battle, but the improved cultivators and Heaven and Earth didn't let that phase last long.

An even louder rumbling noise left the sky and seeped past the improved cultivators to shoot toward the landmass. Multiple defenses lit up and handled the soundwaves, but many happy cries froze when cracks appeared in Cursed Reality's protections.

The relentless offensive had shown where Cursed Reality's defenses began, so the assets on the landmass froze at the sight of the deep cracks opening at their edges. Those fissures even spread as the deafening noise continued to echo. Heaven and Earth had partially stepped in to weaken those protections.

"We might have a problem now," Cursed Reality conveyed through the communication device.

"You don't need to explain," King Elbas commented. "Your defenses are still working, but they have holes now."

"Can you fix them?" Emperor asked.

"I can," Cursed Reality revealed, "But not during this fight. The higher plane needs to remain stable for that project."

"You could have said no," June scoffed.

"It's up to the orange city now," Noah stated, and everyone went silent.

Heaven and Earth continued to roar before suppressing their voice. The higher plane showed a different face after that event. Only one encirclement stood at its edges, while multiple cracks hovered all around the landmass and threatened to expand even more at the first trace of chaos.

The higher plane remained silent for a while as both sides stared at each other. Heaven and Earth had lost a lot of energy and avatars, but the landmass' defenses had suffered significant damage.

'Just send your next wave already,' Noah cursed in his mind as tingling sensations filled his hands.

Noah didn't like to remain in the backlines, especially in the middle of something so massive. However, he had to stay put and preserve his power since his presence would be more than necessary afterward.

A humming noise eventually came out of the sky. That sound was gentle, and it resembled a simple order that the improved cultivators didn't hesitate to follow.

The second encirclement broke as the various platoons separated to gather in specific areas. They aligned themselves with the cracks around the landmass and created new battle formations. Their auras also unfolded, hinting at the imminent frontal clash.

Nevertheless, orange lights appeared before each platoon. Openings in the fabric of space materialized in front of the improved cultivators and acted as teleports for a series of modified magical beasts.

The different roars of the orange army filled the higher plane, but everyone's attention converged on the humanoid figures that led each platoon. The magical beasts had multiple avatar-like puppets in charge of their formation, and Heaven and Earth's pressure intensified at that sight.

"Yes, yes," The various orange avatars exclaimed at the same time. "We have also missed you. It's funny how we have walked on opposite paths only to approach similar results."

A rumbling noise that Noah couldn't translate left the sky and tried to crash on the orange platoons, but barriers appeared around the magical beasts and protected them from the attack. The orange avatars also didn't suffer any damage. Actually, their power only grew.

"You have grown reckless, other us," The orange avatars continued. "Are you mad that Defying Demon awakened you before you could stabilize your power? He sure knows how to mess with your plans."

The leaders of Noah's force were aware of that topic. Their trap had forced Heaven and Earth to wake up and begin the final battle far before the appointed time. That had naturally affected their current level of power.

"Come on now," The orange avatars laughed. "Don't be mad and throw everything you have at us. We are all buying ourselves time in the end, isn't that right?"

The sky didn't answer, but its pressure seemed to intensify around the orange avatars. Heaven and Earth were studying their counterparts, but their inspection couldn't go past the barriers.

Noah would usually do everything in his power to prevent Heaven and Earth from reabsorbing their severed selves. Still, the old rulers weren't on the battlefield. They had only sent puppets that carried strands of their existence.

Heaven and Earth eventually emitted another humming noise, and the leaders of their platoons nodded. Then, more improved cultivators came out of the sky and created new encirclements that expanded the area controlled by the rulers.

Noah couldn't be sure about that, but something told him that Heaven and Earth had decided to show most of their weaker assets. There were simply too many inscribed cultivators, far more than the previous group of avatars. Countless laws and worlds were on display, but the orange platoons didn't flinch.

"You want us to find a winner quickly," The orange avatars sighed. "Well, we can't really stop you, can we?" Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

More portals opened behind the orange platoons, and buildings came out. Pieces of the orange city appeared on the battlefield and proceeded to envelop the modified magical beasts.. The dragons had yet to show their presence, but it was clear that the old rulers were almost going all-out.