Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2217 - 2217. Counter

The arrival of the dragons forced the battlefield to remain still for a considerable amount of time. Heaven and Earth and their forces studied those reinforcements to come up with counters, but a scary truth quickly became evident.

The dragons had sacrificed everything that made them special to gain a spot in the final battle. They were unique beings, so throwing all of that away had awarded them with power that even Heaven and Earth had to respect.

King Elbas and the old rulers had used the world's fairness to their advantage when modifying the dragons. Those creatures already carried the innate purpose of countering Heaven and Earth, so the experts only had to adapt that nature to the rulers' new form.

The outcome of the modifications had been incredible. The dragons had reached a state similar to the dark metal. They had become the embodiment of Heaven and Earth's flaws, turning into beings that existed only to counter the sky.

Noah's roar triggered some of the instincts buried deep inside the modified dragons and forced them to echo his cry. Those sounds filled the whole higher plane and announced the imminent change in the battlefield's pace. Everyone could understand that something extraordinary was about to happen.

The dragons didn't stay still for too long. The time dragon and the space dragons were the first to fall silent and shoot forward to join the mess.

Their advance forced the countless battles to resume, and many improved cultivators in the solid stage disregarded their initial opponents to focus on those newcomers. However, their confidence shattered in a matter of seconds.

The time dragon and the space dragon didn't even seem to see the solid stage opponents converging toward their position. They advanced uncaring of the incoming threats, but they accelerated when the impact became imminent.

The improved cultivators converged toward the time dragon and launched attacks, but their eyes widened in surprise when they saw their energy freezing in the void. Their bodies soon fell prey to the same effect, and nothing in their power allowed them to avoid the incoming fangs.

The improved cultivators couldn't even lift a finger as the time dragon ripped them apart with its mouth and ate their worlds. Their incredible bodies couldn't do anything against the sheer physical prowess unleashed by their opponent.

That wasn't even everything. The time dragon had gained access to an improved physical strength after the modifications, but its deadliness came from something far different. Every inch of its body had acquired properties that seemed able to destroy anything tainted by the white light with little to no effort.

The improved cultivators almost couldn't believe that a simple magical beast could have such a powerful influence over their worlds. They felt powerless as they watched the time dragon destroying their bodies and eating their energy. That feeling didn't disappear until their senses went dark.

Heaven and Earth couldn't allow the loss of some of their strongest assets. The sky sent pillars that converged toward the time dragon to find what remained of the improved cultivators and bring them to life.

Nevertheless, the pillars never managed to reach the time dragon. The creature's aura shattered the white light and turned it into energy that fueled its abilities.

The time dragon roared and unfolded its influence to cover a giant chunk of the battlefield. The improved cultivators instinctively retreated when that aura engulfed them, but they soon noticed that nothing was happening to them.

Instead, the assets from Noah's force saw their injuries vanishing quickly. That wasn't a simple healing process. The time dragon was bringing their power back to a different point in time, which also refilled them with energy.

Something similarly exceptional happened on the other side of the battlefield. The space dragon shot toward the incoming improved cultivators and let them launch attacks.

The improved cultivators initially rejoiced when they saw their attacks landing on the space dragon, but that happiness disappeared when its odd body absorbed them.

The attacks disappeared inside the orange light that filled the space dragon's body before reappearing on different parts of the battlefield. The improved cultivators could only watch as their abilities ravaged their companions' formations and killed many of them.

The improved cultivators turned their anger on the space dragon, but the latter vanished to reappear in the middle of the battlefield. The creature unleashed its aura, and all the attacks flying among the various fights disappeared to reappear in different areas.

Each attack that was teleported became stronger and more accurate. Moreover, the sudden offensive took everyone on the battlefield by surprise, creating a streak of defeats that also involved rank 9 assets.

Heaven and Earth immediately tried to resurrect as many assets as possible, but their light teleported inside Cursed Reality's defenses. The space dragon didn't give the rulers the chance to touch their underlings and made sure to add energy to the landmass.

The two dragons' incredible performance filled Noah's side with a new wave of confidence that only intensified as the other dragons stepped forward. Those creatures could instinctively recognize their opponents, so they launched a reckless charge that engulfed the battlefield.

The pack of dragons obviously couldn't change the overall balance on the battlefield. Heaven and Earth's forces remained far more numerous. Yet, the addition of the two upper tier leaders made everything more troublesome for the rulers.

The dragons didn't care about their lives. They charged forward and relied on their advantages to take down as many assets as possible.

The reinforcements didn't mind the silent rules that had remained relatively fixed on the battlefield before their arrival. Some rank 9 specimens launched abilities in areas filled by rank 7 assets and felt no shame in doing that. Those emotions didn't exist anymore in their minds. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Needless to say, that behavior intensified the chaos on the battlefield. Most of Heaven and Earth's forces weren't ready to face true death, so the waves of orange attacks that shot in their directions made many of them escape.

The evasive measures were useless if the space dragon was nearby. The creature had complete control over everything in its range, and it didn't hesitate to use its power. Noah's side only had to launch attacks, and they would reach their opponents no matter what.

On the other hand, the time dragon dispersed most of the tiredness and exhaustion that had started to fill Noah's side. Moreover, those who tried to attack it ended up inside its mouth.

The two upper tier leaders appeared unstoppable, and their underlings weren't assets that the improved cultivators could ignore either. The battlefield slowly experienced a change in its trend and saw Noah's forces gaining ground.

The sight was majestic, and the morale of Noah's army inevitably rose with each kill. Daniel and the others were doing it. They were defeating a far stronger force through the sheer power of their superior worlds.

Of course, the leaders on the landmass had a very different view of the scene. They rejoiced to see that their army was finally winning, but they also noticed how the sky had gone silent.

The dragons were preventing Heaven and Earth from resurrecting their assets. The rulers didn't even have proper counters that could take care of that new force, which limited their options. Noah knew all of that, so he prepared.. His time was about to arrive.