Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2219 - 2219. Trapped

Both sides were holding back their best assets, but the battlefield didn't turn peaceful because of that.

The weaker privileged cultivators were still elites among the countless assets in the sky. Heaven and Earth had something stronger than them, but they remained near the peak of what the rulers could unleash.

Meanwhile, Noah and the others had prepared countless defenses. The different inscription masters had cooperated with the old rulers and among each other to create multiple assets that could defend against Heaven and Earth's reinforcements.

The old rulers' avatars could fend off the privileged cultivators, but the latter's numerical advance would still leave them some room to cause damage on the landmass' side. The orange puppets couldn't handle everything on their own, but the reinforcements that arrived to help them affected the battlefield's balance once again.

Multiple formations had given birth to embodiments of their power that carried humanoid shapes. Golden rays spread among the battlefield as King Elbas' puppets took control of specific spots and unleashed their power.

Those puppets carried a multitude of abilities. King Elbas had prepared all of them for the final battle, so he had added useful powers to their cores.

Some puppets focused on gathering all the energy that tried to vanish in the void. Others joined brutal battles to create defenses or similar structures. A few even had special abilities meant to disrupt formations and specific attacks that contained a high concentration of Heaven and Earth's influence.

Of course, King Elbas had provided his creations with sharp intelligence. The puppets continuously scanned the battlefield to find where they were needed the most. The widespread chaos didn't always allow them to reach their targets, but they did their best nonetheless.

The buildings summoned by the old rulers followed similar purposes, even if their influence covered vaster areas. They could defend, destabilize, and attack, which quickly put them at the center of the few battle formations that still survived in that chaotic environment.

Moreover, some of those buildings carried the modified magical beasts they had managed to heal during those exchanges. The landmass' side saw a new wave of reinforcements filling its ranks, which only intensified the chaotic trend.

The old rulers' preparations didn't stop there. They were the strongest asset on the battlefield, and their power allowed them to oversee multiple fights.

The modified magical beasts, the dragons, and the experts floating in the buildings' range could benefit from the old rulers' directives and influence. That gave birth to multiple vast cores among the battlefield that appeared unstoppable in the eyes of their opponents.

Nevertheless, Great Builder's creations managed to stand out even among those incredible assets. The giant avatar and the yellowish sphere were too big to join specific battles, so they flew in different areas outside the two upper tier dragons' influence.

The yellowish sphere unleashed its aura as soon as it took its place in the middle of the void. Its influence didn't initially apply any effect, but the experts inside its range soon noticed that something was happening.

Great Builder's item studied the various experts before coming up with possible enhancements. Cultivators, hybrids, and even modified magical beasts saw the yellowish aura condensing into thick strands that connected themselves to their bodies and started adding new powers.

Some cultivators turned into giants in a matter of seconds. A few hybrids saw scales or other monstrous body parts growing on their figures as the yellowish light enhanced their innate abilities. Instead, most of the magical beasts experienced a boost in their healing properties, which made them fix their injuries in no time.

Meanwhile, the giant avatar stood on the battlefield as a constant threat that no one dared to approach. Still, the weaker assets from the landmass' army knew what to do, so they reached the colossal puppet to enter its structure.

The giant avatar saw new life filling its body as weak assets entered its figure. Great Builder had created a tool that allowed even those underlings to join important battles even if their understanding of that realm couldn't match their opponents.

The battlefield had grown still as the reinforcements from both sides joined the fray, but everything resumed once the preparations ended. The chaos regained its previous intensity and surpassed it in no time.

The power of the shockwaves caused by the clashes of so many incredible attacks ended up affecting Cursed Reality's defenses. The expert had obviously predicted that eventuality, but the cracks in his creations ended up affecting his preparations.

The cracks in the separate realities widened as shockwaves continued to fall on their edges. The defenses on the landmass did their best to limit the damage, but it was clear that the trend was unstoppable. Cursed Reality's creations would shatter sooner or later.

Only the leaders on the landmass minded that issue. The assets on the battlefield continued to unleash their best abilities and put their lives on the line, but they failed to gain ground as quickly as before.

The landmass' reinforcements had allowed the battlefield to regain its balance, but that worked in Heaven and Earth's favor. The rulers were willing to sacrifice assets as long as Noah's forces suffered similar losses, especially if they involved Cursed Reality's defenses.

Noah and the others wanted to affect that trend, but they held back. They knew that everything would eventually crumble. They were also aware that most of the landmass wouldn't survive the fight.

Energy boiled inside the experts on the landmass. The many lairs, environments, and regions were empty now, which created a stale silence disrupted only by the chaos of the battlefield.

Formations activated in the various training areas as the leaders' power leaked out of their figures. Some simply couldn't suppress their urge to join the battlefield, but King Elbas and the other inscription masters had predicted and had prepared for that event.

Even those fantastic formations couldn't contain the leaders' power forever. June knew that she had to hold back, but her influence filled the inscriptions around her with dangerous sparks that damaged the various shining lines.

Similar scenes happened inside Noah, Sword Saint, Steven, and Emperor's training areas. Their worlds were too battle-oriented to stay put in front of that messy spectacle, and mere formations couldn't stop them for too long.

"Chill," Noah growled as intense pride filled his voice and the dark world encircled his figure. "Our time has yet to arrive."

The pride radiated by Noah's voice calmed down the experts showing signs of instability. The latter had accepted him as their leader, so he could use an enhanced version of the most basic ability from the magical beasts' world. He could affect his underlings' power, even if only temporarily.

Death and chaos became the true kings of the battlefield. The void remained silent as the greatest battle that the world had ever witnessed unfolded in its empty spaces.

Both sides appeared even, and the death of a few privileged cultivators didn't change that balance. Great Builder's giant avatar eventually crumbled under a joint offensive, and the same went for many of King Elbas' puppets. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Even the old rulers started to experience losses. Their puppets carried only a fraction of their power, which couldn't last forever against the assault of multiple privileged cultivators.

Only the dragons continued to express their power freely. Nothing on Heaven and Earth's side seemed able to stop them, but their limits inevitably drew close.

The chaos culminated with the destruction of Cursed Reality's first layer of defense. The outermost separate reality shattered and allowed the battlefield to expand. A large chunk of the higher plane fell into the void, and Heaven and Earth took that chance to attack.

Ten pairs of giant hands carrying quasi-rank 10 power came out of the sky. The higher plane had already witnessed a similar offensive, so everyone knew how critical the next exchange would be.

Noah and the other leaders immediately shot forward to stop the event, but they found themselves unable to leave their training areas.. An orange array of inscriptions that altered the space-time array had enveloped their homes and had trapped them in their insides.