Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2223 - 2223. Strongest

"Take out the head first, am I right?" Caesar laughed as Noah and the others mustered their power to prepare their offensive.

That tactic had always been part of the landmass' plan. Caesar was too troublesome to leave alive for the entirety of the final battle, so Noah and the others had long since decided that they would step forward to take care of him as soon as they saw a chance.

Creating a team for the task had been quite troublesome. Noah's organization had many strong experts, and most of them had incredible battle prowess.

In theory, sending all the leaders forward to gang up on Caesar sounded like the best option. However, the sky remained too close even after the old rulers' curse. Caesar would have the chance to retreat or call reinforcements if the battle stretched for too long.

The team tasked with the assassination had to feature powerful experts who knew how to work together and who carried incredible power. Moreover, they would also need to express the entirety of their worlds in a single attack, which excluded June and a few others.

Emperor, Queen, and Cursed Reality were great choices due to their solid stage cultivation level, but they didn't oppose Noah's orders when they heard the composition of the team. Noah had handpicked those whom he considered the strongest experts in his organization, both in terms of raw power and efficiency against Heaven and Earth.

Sword Saint was the greatest expression of the sword path that the higher plane had ever witnessed. King Elbas was the inscription master who had won a bet against Divine Architect, and he also wielded the power of the orange city now.

Divine Demon could achieve miracles, and no one in his organization could match the deadliness of his mindset. As for Alexander, he was the greatest hybrid ever produced by Heaven and Earth's domain. His existence was the closest thing to perfection after Noah and the rulers.

Noah would have added a few experts in different situations. Yet, right now, he couldn't imagine a stronger team. The five of them had achieved incredible feats, both on their own and while working together. Moreover, they expressed peaks that even beings like Emperor or the privileged cultivators couldn't dream of touching.

"Your plan is sound, but it has a fatal flaw," Caesar continued as he marveled at the auras unfolding around him. "Killing me won't change my fate. My power is already part of the wor-."

Caesar couldn't complete his sentence since a silver mass of energy converged on his figure. The void seemed to bend and tremble under the intense sharpness carried by the attack, and Caesar saw his body severed in half while his words still echoed in the area.

"Hey, we had to attack together!" King Elbas scolded as he snapped his fingers. His chest lit up before opening to reveal a blinding sphere of golden light that launched a scorching attack toward Caesar.

"You aren't as smart as you think if you believed we would have stuck to the plan," Divine Demon laughed are blood-red energy gathered around his figure to give birth to multiple cylindrical structures that released dense energy. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

"Behaving isn't our style," Alexander stated as he stretched his arm and released an ethereal attack that engulfed the entirety of the area.

"Why do you think I kept the battle plan vague?" Noah asked while pointing his blades forward and unleashing a piercing slash.

Caesar couldn't avoid those attacks. Noah and the others had grown stronger during the final battle. Their level had basically reached the peak of the liquid stage, which put them almost on par with the privileged cultivators in the solid stage.

Of course, Caesar was exceptional even among privileged cultivators, but the team's offensive was too overwhelming. No evasive technique could have saved him from Sword Saint's attack. King Elbas' final energy was incredible even when he didn't enter his quasi-rank 10 stage, and his companions didn't fall short.

Divine Demon could destroy anything he despised, while Alexander had chosen to express his superiority over ethereal attacks to make sure that Caesar had no chance to escape. As for Noah, he had fused all his aspects and abilities into a single blow that had a simple purpose: Eradicating Caesar's influence from the higher plane.

The result of that massive offensive forced the entire battlefield to relocate. The shockwave that expanded after the five attacks crashed on Caesar pushed away every weaker asset fighting for their lives in the void. Even the dragons had to listen to their vague instincts and fly in other spots.

"This isn't enough," Noah announced as he placed his swords on his forehead.

"It's obviously not enough," King Elbas sighed as his cultivation level rose and scorching flames began to come out of his skin.

"There is no fun in an easy victory," Divine Demon laughed as his cylindrical creations fused to give birth to an even bigger version of that weapon.

"A blade should kill when it successfully cuts someone," Sword Saint declared as a silver aura shot out of his figure. "Even fate isn't above this rule."

"I shall go first this time," Alexander exclaimed as he brought his hands to his mouth and took a deep breath.

Noah, Sword Saint, Divine Demon, and King Elbas instinctively stepped back. Alexander's aura had become too dangerous to remain so close to him, and the same went for their own power.

The first offensive had targeted Caesar's movements. It could hurt him, but its purpose was to keep him stuck in the same area for a while.

Noah and the others could unleash their best attacks now that Caesar had to waste a few seconds to rebuild his body. His ability probably allowed him to regain his original form in no time, but that was more than enough for his opponents.

Alexander voiced multiple roars that fused to transform into a monstrous cry that seemed to express the entirety of the magical beasts' field. Multicolored flames that quickly gained black shades shot out of his mouth in the meantime, and the very void began to burn under that ability.

King Elbas let the black flames express their destructiveness before creating a spear with his quasi-rank 10 energy and unleashing its energy forward. The scorching attack that came out of his weapon lit up the entire void. The blackness seemed to vanish during his offensive.

Noah followed by unleashing his sharpness. A storm of slashes that radiated multiple aspects of his ethereal blackness materialized all around his target before detonating.

The destruction that filled the void was so intense that the sky nearby trembled due to the shockwaves that the event caused. Yet, things were far from over.

Sword Saint's silver aura suddenly vanished before reappearing in the sharpness that Noah had released with his attack. The ability multiplied the destructive power of Noah's slashes, which began to shatter Caesar's faint strands of fate.

Divine Demon let everything unleash its power before giving energy to his massive cylindrical creation. The weapon gathered blood-red energy and condensed it until it transformed into something both darker and brighter.

Divine Demon's attack ended up claiming his companions' attention, but the latter did their best to remain focused on the void. They could still sense Caesar's fate, so they knew that their offensive wasn't working.

The bright and dark energy that shot out of the cylindrical structure was too powerful to describe with mere words. Divine Demon had revealed what his individuality and the "Breath" could do together when they expressed their respective peaks, and the scene that unfolded was beyond spectacular.

The void had long since become the battlefield, but Divine Demon's attack lit it up again. The blackness vanished as the bright and dark scarlet radiance expanded and followed the traces left by Caesar's fate.

Noah inspected the area for a few seconds before shaking his head. He knew that Caesar was still alive, but targeting him after the recent attacks was impossible. His fate was all over the higher plane.

"Don't you have seventeen abilities connected to fate or something?" Divine Demon asked when the group noticed that Caesar was still alive.

"Fate is rare even among cultivators," Noah explained before Alexander could answer. "The situation is only worse in the magical beasts' field."

"Defying Demon is right," Alexander laughed. "Though we have someone on the task."

"You would all be lost without me," King Elbas commented while his eyes lit up due to the many calculations happening in his mind.

"The path of the sword is simple but boundless," Sword Saint announced.

"How is that relevant right now?" King Elbas scolded.

"You should relax a bit," Divine Demon laughed as he crossed his legs and created a cup of wine. "Be like me, and the world will find solutions for you."

"Elbas, work faster," Noah ordered while similar calculations happened in his mind.

"Should we team up for the next round of attacks?" Alexander wondered.

"It seems inevitable," Noah confirmed while a figure quickly appeared where the previous attacks had converged.. Caesar's body reformed in no time, and his playful smile felt brighter than ever.