Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2240: 2240. Boring

Divine Demon's battle had been quite odd compared to the others. He didn't move much, and the same went for his opponent. The two mostly remained in their original position as they let their energy fight.

The blood-red energy created marvels as its waves rotated around Divine Demon and refilled his cup. He appeared utterly relaxed, but it was clear that some annoyance was making its way into his expression.

As for his opponent, the middle-aged woman had decided to imitate his stance. She sat cross-legged among the void as columns of grey energy shot out of her figure to meet what Divine Demon threw at her.

Divine Demon's offensive wasn't something normal methods could oppose, especially in the long run. His world always came up with new ways to pierce his opponent's defenses, but all of them seemed pointless against the privileged cultivator.Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

It didn't matter how complicated and powerful Divine Demon's attacks became. The privileged cultivator's energy seemed able to disperse those blood-red attacks easily, without even resorting to any specific technique or method.

The event didn't need any specific explanation. Anyone would understand the reason behind that odd interaction between the two types of energy. It was something that went beyond the counters created by Heaven and Earth. It was something so evident that Divine Demon had accepted the truth after the first exchange.

"You aren't the brightest of your group," The woman announced after another exchange unfolded in her vision. "You don't even try to think too much during a battle, but you should have understood what is happening."

Divine Demon snorted without adding anything. His blood-red energy gave birth to another massive technique, but the privileged cultivator easily defeated it by sending seemingly casual torrents of power forward.

The clash ended in an instant. The grey energy made the blood-red techniques disperse as soon as they touched. The privileged cultivator's power carried something that went deep against Divine Demon's attacks and made them disintegrate immediately.

"What's even the point of this?" The privileged cultivator asked. "Did you really think that your power was omnipotent? Natural counters exist in this world, especially for abilities like yours."

Divine Demon sighed. He appeared annoyed by the hindrance. He didn't show his usual ardor, even if the opponent won every exchange.

"Your power is indeed miraculous," The woman stated while spreading her arms, "But I can destroy those miracles easily. It doesn't matter what you send forward. I only need to make your energy touch my power to render it useless."

"I've seen that," Divine Demon sighed again. "It's quite boring."

"You didn't really expect Heaven and Earth to let go of this power," The privileged cultivator announced. "They weren't in the best state back then, but they prepared countermeasures anyway. They had partially predicted that someone like me would be born after severing ties with the "Breath"."

The privileged cultivator's explanation was perfectly in line with Heaven and Earth's behavior, and it was also reasonable. The world naturally gave birth to counters, and their power reached extreme levels in the presence of another extreme.

Heaven and Earth had ditched the "Breath" to move to the chaotic storms, but that didn't prevent the world from creating a natural counter. The expert basically claimed to be something similar to the four dragons, but in the form of a privileged cultivator under Heaven and Earth.

"Yes, yes," Divine Demon sighed for the third time. "Everything makes so much sense that it gets boring."

"What can you even do about it?" The woman asked. "You can drink and complain all you want, but I'll remain here to hinder your path."

Divine Demon glanced at the sky behind the privileged cultivator before moving his attention toward the rest of the battlefield. Most fights were about to reach their end, and Noah's side seemed on the verge of achieving a general victory. Still, that didn't bring any happiness to his mind.

"You know," Divine Demon exclaimed. "The final battle should be the peak of a demon's life. It should be the culmination of a lifetime of struggles against the greatest monsters of the sky."

"What do you think this is?" The privileged cultivator smirked. "Heaven and Earth are sending their best warriors to stop you. You might win this exchange and maybe even triumph in the next, but you will lose in the end."

"I heard this already," Divine Demon pointed out. "Still, you are wrong. You aren't Heaven and Earth's best warriors. You are a mere tactic hidden in another tactic that belongs to a broader strategy."

The privileged cultivator didn't like that comment. Divine Demon wasn't wrong, but she still had her pride as an expert who had reached the peak of the journey to defend.

"We aren't stepping stones," The woman exclaimed as her face grew cold. "Caesar might have his plans, but our orders are to kill all of you."

"You said that we would win the next exchanges," Divine Demon snorted.

"Victory is relative," The privileged cultivator stated. "How many of you will be too injured to keep fighting after this round of battles? How many of you will last until the end? How many of you will actually win?"

The privileged cultivator's statement also made a lot of sense. The other battles were reaching their end, so it was already clear that many leaders on Noah's side would be too tired or injured to join the next round.

Even experts like Sword Saint would probably have to skip the next round to solidify his gains. His breakthrough was incredible news, but it would take him some time to gain access to the entirety of his new power.

"Boring," Divine Demon sighed again.

"To quote your friend," The privileged cultivator continued, "We aren't mindless brutes. Heaven and Earth are using their best advantage to wear you down and ensure their victory. Whoever survives the process will live to see the rulers paving the way toward new heights of power."

"How can I even get interested in something like this?" Divine Demon wondered.

"It's not my problem if you find basic battle tactics boring," The woman mocked.

"That's not it," Divine Demon explained. "This is the final battle, but it feels like a mere gathering of pawns. You are the worst part of all of this since you decided to face me only due to your innate advantages."

"That's a standard tactic," The privileged cultivator repeated. "Emotions are useful, but we can't allow them to get in the way of victory."

"What victory?" Divine Demon asked. "Are you talking about your victory? Do you mean Heaven and Earth's victory? I don't get you, all of you. The cultivation journey has given you the chance to go beyond godhood, but you use it to serve the safest bet."

"We can't all fly around and shout like idiots," The privileged cultivator declared. "Besides, if you have problems with our path, you only have to defeat us to prove that you are right. That's how the cultivation journey works."

"I know," Divine Demon replied while glancing inside his empty cup before throwing it away. "I'm only disappointed. I thought that moment would arrive sooner. Instead, I have to force your hands."

"You can't even defeat me," The woman laughed. "What makes you think you can force Heaven and Earth's hands?"

"Oh, defeating you isn't a problem," Divine Demon revealed. "I simply didn't want to do this against such a boring opponent."