Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2246: 2246. Mess

The landmass released a growl that pushed Cursed Reality's defenses and forced him to join the scene. The expert flew toward the center of the higher plane and disappeared inside his creations to apply changes that could help them survive the awakening.

Meanwhile, Sword Saint wore an ecstatic expression as his aura resonated with the landmass' sharpness. The birth of a new blade was filling his existence with power and was helping him solidify the improvements achieved through the breakthrough.

Heaven and Earth's army remained still during those world-shattering events. The main players on that side glared coldly at their various opponents, but they didn't move. They were waiting for the rulers to give orders or for the battlefield to change, but Noah's side didn't share their coolness.

The dragons and the modified magical beasts voiced roars and cries that fused with the landmass' growl. Those creatures couldn't remain still for too long when the higher plane had become full of their designed targets, and they soon launched a massive offensive.

The two upper tier dragons shot toward the closest threatening auras, and their underlings imitated them. Heaven and Earth's side couldn't stay still anymore at that point, and a massive battle started.

Noah, King Elbas, Divine Demon, Alexander, and the others didn't need orders anymore. The first clash brought their conversation to an end and made them teleport away to join the battlefield.

Alexander laughed wildly as he appeared in an area full of rank 8 assets that radiated Heaven and Earth's energy. They were nothing more than weaker avatars of cultivators who had been lucky enough to survive the previous exchanges, but their life ended in that very instant.

The avatars and cultivators saw their bodies wilting as soon as Alexander appeared among them. The presence of a rank 9 hybrid would typically make them crumble instantly, but Alexander had far different plans.

Waves of energy left the avatars and cultivators to converge toward Alexander. He absorbed everything those assets had in a single second before teleporting himself away and leaving behind mere shells that dispersed into the void.

Similar scenes unfolded multiple times across the higher plane. Alexander didn't care about the level or nature of his opponents. He wanted food, so he teleported to various areas easy to exploit to refill his energy reserves.Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Heaven and Earth's side couldn't let Alexander do as he wished. The privileged cultivators had to preserve the immense numerical advantage to solidify their winning position, so one of them shot forward to stop the hybrid.

Alexander was about to teleport away after devouring a vast platoon of weaker experts, but a fiery lake suddenly filled his surroundings and interrupted his technique. Multiple figures even came out of those flames while a privileged cultivator in the solid stage descended toward him.

"You should respect the rules of the battlefield," The old woman who had created the flames announced as she hovered above Alexander. "Why don't you fight me?"

The woman raised her arms to summon flames in her palms, but a fiery flare abruptly came out of the lake to cover her side. That defense instantly exploded and forced her to glance at the new threat, and her expression darkened when she noticed a burly humanoid figure.

"Why don't you fight me?" Wilfred laughed as he bent his legs and retracted his big arm to prepare for another attack.

The old woman snorted, and her annoyance only intensified when she noticed that Alexander had already left the lake. She had left her chance to trap the expert, but she had every intention to vent her feelings on Wilfred.

Noah imitated Alexander, even if his offensive was more precise. He shot through the battlefield, unleashing the full power of his movement technique to reach powerful targets that were bound to create problems for his side.

The areas right past the sky had countless experts from Heaven and Earth's side. They lacked assets from Noah's army, so he could unleash the full power of his destruction without worrying about hurting his companions.

Noah appeared in front of a giant avatar that reeked of higher energy. Chaotic laws seeped out of its massive figure and adapted to Noah's influence to create partial counters, but a series of black lines suddenly dug into its body.

Night voiced an annoyed cry when it noticed that its attacks couldn't cut the avatar from side to side, but the offensive didn't end there. The Pterodactyl had planted seeds inside the giant that quickly generated expanding roots.

Noah's destruction came out of those roots and helped the parasite branches expand. The avatar soon found its insides filled with that dangerous presence, and its radiance dimmed as its higher energy vanished.

"Noah Balvan!" A loud voice resounded in the area as multiple presences appeared around Noah.

Noah could sense that a small team of privileged cultivators was trying to encircle him, but a cold smile appeared on his face when a familiar aura showed its power at the edges of his consciousness.

The privileged cultivators wanted to speak, but a dark-red wave of energy suddenly engulfed the whole area and forced them to summon their best defensive abilities. Noah was also in the middle of the attack, but that fuel seemed unable to hurt him.

"You should let demons behave as demons," Divine Demon sighed as he teleported into the area, but his attention soon fell on his free hand. "Too much power again."

The team of privileged cultivators showed cold faces at Divine Demon's sight. Fear also seeped into their expressions. They were five against one, but none of them felt confident in the battle. They actually liked how Noah had decided to leave during the chaos instead of helping his companion.

Divine Architect didn't seem to care about the battlefield at all. She pressed her fingers on the floor to activate a few formations before disregarding the environment. Her attention had to go to a golden figure that was approaching her castle calmly.

King Elbas had countless inscribed items around him, and he tinkered with all of them. He had many inscriptions to handle, and the orange city also required his full attention, but he would be unable to focus on them soon.

King Elbas landed on the balcony without retrieving his inscribed items. He was applying the final plans and tactics, and Divine Architect seemed to respect that process. Some smugness actually appeared on her expression since she had completed the process faster than him.

"I'm almost done," King Elbas sneered as he continued to give orders and set priorities. "Those idiots would die instantly without this."

"You are showing your items to me," Divine Architect exclaimed. "Such arrogance."

"I know you are learning how to counter them," King Elbas replied.

"So, why are you showing them to me?" Divine Architect asked. "I can create counters before you can reach me."

"But you aren't," King Elbas chuckled. "Even your castle isn't doing anything specific. You know that I wouldn't give you the time to act."

Divine Architect's fingers trembled, but a series of cracks abruptly spread on the balcony's floor. Golden flames seeped out of those fissures, and King Elbas' power expanded in the area even if he continued to focus on his items.

"Do you think you can scare me with this?" Divine Architect asked.

"I would be disappointed if you did," King Elbas revealed as he finally retrieved his inscribed items and focused on his opponent. "I was just stating how you won't have the time to affect the battlefield while fighting me."