Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2252: 2252. Fun

"That guy is getting talkative," One of the major experts on Heaven and Earth's side exclaimed while playing with her long brown hair and inspecting Great Builder's battle.

Two figures teleported to her sides, a middle-aged woman and an old-looking man. The two were the remaining major experts on Heaven and Earth's side, and they didn't say anything while inspecting Great Builder's battle from that new position.

"You don't talk much either," The first woman sighed. "Spending so long inside the sky made you silent."

"You can always switch sides," The middle-aged woman teased. "Our opponents like to waste time talking."

"They didn't live as long as us," The old man commented. "Some of our last training sessions have lasted more than their lives."

"You don't have to be so wise all the time," The first woman scolded. "We finally have the chance to have some fun. We should seize it."

"You can go first," The middle-aged woman chuckled.

"The Rulers' Resolve has taken that spot," The first woman complained. "Divine Architect is also busy with her boyfriend. Most of the fun is already gone."

"We still have many valuable opponents," The middle-aged woman stated. "Look at Noah Balvan. He is causing his usual mess."

"Caesar wants us to leave Defying Demon on his own," The first woman whined.

"Did he?" The middle-aged woman asked. "He didn't tell me anything."

"What?" The first woman gasped. "What about you, old man?"

"I think Caesar decided to talk with you due to your peculiar character," The old man guessed.

"Does he think that I'm troublesome?" The first woman questioned.

"You are," The middle-aged woman sighed. "You are the most troublesome and annoying expert in the sky."

"I agree," The old man added.

"What?!" The first woman gasped again. "You are so mean."

"You wanted us to talk," The middle-aged woman giggled. "You can always go against Divine Demon."

"But he is so boring to fight," The first woman complained again. "I don't want to remain stuck in a pointless fight."

"Talking with us won't solve your boredom," The old man stated. "Besides, I know you have already made your decision."

"You are as knowledgeable as always," The first woman sighed. "So, I believe I'm free to do as I wish while the rulers are restrained."

"We never had limits in the first place," The middle-aged woman responded.

"You didn't have Caesar as a nanny," The first woman snorted before glancing at the battlefield. "Still, we might really lose if things stay like this."

King Elbas' actions had kicked out the entirety of the experts hidden inside the sky. Those forces could theoretically keep the landmass' leaders busy for multiple rounds, but the battlefield didn't reflect that feature.

The weaker assets on the landmass' side were suffering greatly due to the numerical disadvantage, but their leaders were quickly turning the tables of the battle. Alexander and Noah had unleashed a slaughter that no one wanted or seemed able to stop, which was only part of the issue.

Emperor, Queen, and the other leaders who didn't suffer any injury during the first round were turning the battlefield in their favor. Their power was more than impressive, especially when it came to experts already in the solid stage, and Heaven and Earth's side struggled to keep up.

That didn't only come from the higher quality of the landmass' side. The now-golden city, the dragons, and the various improved magical beasts were simply too much for the mindless assets that Heaven and Earth had kept stored inside the sky.

The avatars made of higher energy were troublesome, but they remained assets that the two upper tier dragons could face easily. The same went for Noah and Alexander since they were focusing on the weaker experts on the battlefield.

Moreover, Divine Demon, Emperor, and a few other solid stage experts were keeping multiple privileged cultivators busy. Their power was too overwhelming for assets that couldn't be classified as leaders, which forced the existences from the sky to use their numerical advantage to contain them.

That made it easier for the weaker experts from the landmass. Their leaders were forcing most of their major opponents to focus on them, which left them with assets they had already learnt how to counter.Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Of course, the dragons were doing most of the hard work. The two upper tier dragons were unstoppable, and they instinctively avoided any fight that could hinder their incredible advance.

The various buildings spread across the battlefield were equally important. They supported countless battles with their influence, and they even allowed the experts on their side to take breaks or heal quickly.

The landmass was also on the move. The giant structure was turning on itself as Sword Saint continued to oversee its awakening. It wouldn't take long before it showed its true power.

The landmass was by no means the favorite on the battlefield, but it was clear that its army had a chance to win. That outcome obviously depended on the result of the fights among the various leaders. Yet, when it came to mere weaker experts, Noah's organization had a path to victory.

The first woman wasn't talking about the overall battle. Her attention mostly was on the clash among the weaker troops. She could see that the landmass' forces had a chance to win, and she couldn't accept that.

"Fine," The first woman eventually sighed. "I'll have some fun until someone tries to stop me."

Her two companions didn't bother to answer. The first woman didn't wait for their reply as she shot forward to appear in the void between the landmass and the sky.

Her appearance caused a massive shift in the various battles. All the experts fighting among the void knew that the privileged cultivator was too strong for them, so they flew away to avoid getting caught in her power.

Nevertheless, the first woman had no intention to target specific experts. Her eyes closed as her faint consciousness unfolded and spread to every corner of the higher plane. She could fill the entirety of the world inside the sky with her mental waves, and the event naturally attracted everyone's attention.

The privileged cultivator remained still as her consciousness seeped into the very fabric that filled the higher plane. She could see every battle, victory, or death, but her attention slowly moved to the experts on her side.

"Assets nurtured by Heaven and Earth for so long shouldn't fight so poorly," The first woman exclaimed as her mental waves shook to unleash purple energy.

The whole higher plane turned purple for an instant before retrieving its darkness and lights caused by the many battles. Still, the purple color didn't vanish. It remained in the form of countless tendrils that attached themselves to Heaven and Earth's assets.

The experts touched by those purple tendrils remained stunned for a second. Their opponents exploited that chance and killed many of them, but the matter didn't end there.

The cultivators and assets that survived the offensive saw their worlds and laws exploding with power. Their eyes also turned purple as the first woman's energy took control of their existence and forced them to radiate her influence.