Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2264: 2264. Teleports

'I missed my chance,' Noah laughed in his mind as he watched his companions teleporting in front of the privileged cultivator.

June's presence wasn't a surprise. Injuries still filled her body, but her condition was somewhat stable, which was enough for her.

Sepunia, Maribel, and the odd dragon were surprising additions to that team, but they also made sense. June wasn't strong enough to fight the privileged cultivator on her own, and those experts were the only available reinforcements. Everyone else was either injured or busy in other important battles.

Instead, the arrival of the space dragon was an unexpected event that Noah didn't know how to take. In theory, the creature didn't have proper intelligence anymore. It only had instincts meant to prioritize Heaven and Earth's destruction.

Of course, Noah could quickly guess that the space dragon had reached the same conclusions through its instincts. The current state of the battlefield required someone to defeat Heaven and Earth's leaders, so the upper tier creature had chosen to step forward.

Noah didn't answer June's glare. They had long since stopped requiring words to express their thoughts. His attention quickly went to the incoming privileged cultivators, but he flew away before entering their range.

The privileged cultivators didn't hesitate to chase after Noah, so June and the others could focus on their opponent without worrying about the rest of the battlefield. Nevertheless, the middle-aged woman only showed a playful smile as those experts encircled her.

"You shouldn't keep me busy," The middle-aged woman warned. "I'm saving countless lives by stopping the attacks of that creature."

The privileged cultivator wanted to go through the usual foreplay that preceded a battle, but her opponents had no intentions to waste time talking. Actually, some of them didn't even try to hold back their attacks.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

The space dragon voiced a roar that vanished before it could create a soundwave. The void seemed to absorb that cry, but multiple orange portals soon materialized around the privileged cultivator to release that deafening noise.

Sepunia, Maribel, and June had to summon techniques to protect their senses since the portals had improved the cry to levels they couldn't normally endure.

Instead, the odd dragon experienced a power surge when hearing that cry. The creature's instincts ended up taking control of its actions and made it shoot forward to attack its opponent.

The privileged cultivator revealed a smirk as an oval barrier materialized around her body and shielded her from the incoming soundwave. The green energy in her surroundings also altered the nature of that attack and removed its most dangerous properties.

The odd dragon slammed on the barrier but failed to inflict any damage. Its physical strength alone couldn't do anything against that defense, and nothing changed when it released its black liquid.

June didn't hesitate to jump into the battle. The privileged cultivator had taken care of the cry, so she could retract her defensive technique and explode into a storm of lightning bolts that flew toward the green barrier.

Sepunia and Maribel were only one second late. Sepunia turned the whole area around the privileged cultivator pink to alter the nature of that chunk of space, while Maribel unleashed a beam made of dark energy.

The lightning bolts, the black beam, and the dark liquid crashed and expanded on the green barrier before turning everything into a fuming mess. The exchange didn't generate any explosion, but the group knew that their attacks had reached their targets.

The space dragon shot forward before the smoke could disperse. Its strange figure absorbed the fumes as it advanced and revealed what had happened after the many attacks had landed on the green barrier.

Sadly for June's group, the privileged cultivator's defense didn't suffer any damage. It had endured all those powerful abilities without even flinching, and that wasn't even the end of it.

The space dragon revealed a new ability of the privileged cultivator's barrier by crashing into it. The creature wasn't too big, but it carried the physical might of one of the strongest upper tier magical beasts in the entire higher plane.

Only some hybrids or magical beasts with an innate focus on physical strength could surpass the space dragon in that field, meaning that the offensive was incredible. However, the barrier didn't flinch. It even prevented the crash from creating shockwaves.

It became evident that the middle-aged woman's energy wasn't only powerful. It could deny specific effects or consequences, which added a lot of value to that power.

Yet, as much as June, Maribel, and Sepunia wanted to study their opponent, the space dragon didn't bother to waste time on those matters. The creature activated its innate ability, and the whole area turned into a mess.

The space dragon absorbed part of the green energy into its body before forcing it to appear in different areas. The barrier soon transformed into a series of messy chunks of dense power that conflicted with each other and left the privileged cultivator unprotected.

The odd dragon didn't hesitate to shoot through one of the openings created by the space dragons, and its companions helped with a dense offensive. June launched lightning bolts, Maribel used her destructive energy, and Sepunia tried to take control of the unprotected areas.

The privileged cultivator teleported away, but her technique seemed to malfunction since she didn't reach her intended destination. She reappeared pretty close to her previous spot, and multiple portals promptly materialized around her.

The abilities that the group had launched came out of those portals and converged toward the privileged cultivator. Chaos immediately spread, but the group couldn't rejoice since they didn't hear any explosion.

The smoke vanished instantly and revealed the privileged cultivator's green figure. Her aura had seeped out of her skin, and she managed to avoid any injury thanks to that.

The odd dragon suddenly came out of one of the portals, but a wave of green energy shot out of the privileged cultivator and slammed on its strange neck. The creature returned inside the teleport before coming out of another orange opening.

The privileged cultivator felt forced to launch another wave of energy, but the outcome of her attack didn't change. She pushed back the odd dragon inside the teleport, but it came out of another opening to resume its offensive.

June didn't hesitate to jump into that array of teleports, and the space dragon's incredible ability quickly became clear in her mind. The middle-aged woman launched a wave of energy toward June as soon as she came out of a portal, but that attack dispersed when she went back inside the opening.

The space dragon wasn't only allowing the group to attack from different spots. It was also teleporting the privileged cultivator's energy before it could hurt its companions. The orange openings were basically safe areas that could deny any damage.

June couldn't help but feel excited at that discovery. The space dragon was giving her the chance to attack recklessly without bothering about summoning defensive techniques. That was more than perfect for her.

"We can exhaust her energy if the dragon can keep up," Maribel stated as she approached the array of teleports.

Sepunia nodded as she chased after Maribel, but the privileged cultivator abruptly exploded with power and destroyed all the teleports around her. June and the odd dragon reappeared next to the space dragon, and that favorable offensive ended right away.

****

Author's notes: Shoutout to IndraDeus for the Golden Gachapon, and thank you to all the others sending gifts or dealing with the poor schedule. I'm doing my best.