Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2265: 2265. Marcella

"Hey, use that technique again," June ordered as sparks began to flow over her figure.

The space dragon couldn't understand June's words, but it still followed that plan. A growl escaped its mouth, and a series of orange portals materialized around the privileged cultivator.

June's eyes lit up at that sight, and she quickly shot forward while leaving a trail of crackling sparks. Her figure was okay, but cracks appeared on it as her surge of power reopened some of the wounds that she had managed to patch up.

June disappeared as soon as she entered the array of teleports, but her figure didn't come out. Even the privileged cultivator seemed interested in the incoming offensive, but a sigh escaped her mouth when she saw multiple lightning bolts shooting out of the various portals.

"So, it's not just about portals," The middle-aged woman stated as she waved her hand to launch green rays toward every lightning bolt. "You can create a separate space connected to my position."

The rays overwhelmed the lightning bolts and continued to fly until they pierced the various portals. The array of teleports shattered once again, and June reappeared next to the space dragon.

"Again!" June ordered, but the space dragon tried something different at that time.

The space dragon suddenly vanished, which startled its companions. Only the privileged cultivator seemed able to follow its movements since her eyes darted among her surroundings.

Four huge portals opened around the privileged cultivator to unleash a torrent of green energy that carried faint orange shades. Moreover, the space dragon materialized among one of those attacks to crash on its opponent.

The privileged cultivator tried to perform an evasive maneuver, but the technique failed due to the space dragon's restrictions. Still, a barrier appeared around her and blocked the incoming attack, stopping even the creature's frontal charge.

Nevertheless, the space dragon unleashed its presence while pressing on the barrier. The defensive technique's energy suddenly shattered and teleported to different areas to open a path for the frontal charge.

The privileged cultivator couldn't do much in that situation. The space dragon had blocked her escape paths, so everything fell on her figure. The creature even bit her, but a painful cry escaped its mouth after the attack.

"That's the limit of the magical beasts," The privileged cultivator announced as dense green smoke came out of her body. "Defending against your attacks is far too easy."

The privileged cultivator was still immersed in the four torrents of energy, but they appeared unable to hurt her. The green smoke destroyed those attacks before they could reach her skin. Similar fumes came out of the space dragon's mouth, and the latter struggled to get rid of them.

"You shouldn't push your luck," The privileged cultivator exclaimed as four figures appeared around her.

June launched her lightning bolts, Sepunia tried to alter the green smoke, Maribel used a mixture of white and dark energy, while the odd dragon spat its black liquid. The four experts attacked at the same time, but their techniques vanished as soon as they touched those seemingly toxic fumes.

The exchange didn't end there. The smoke began to spread in the various techniques to fly toward their sources. June and Maribel managed to sever the connection with their attacks before touching those fumes, but Sepunia and the odd dragon were one second too slow.

The odd dragon saw the smoke seeping into its unique neck to taint its fabric. Its scales and teeth turned green even if it tried to prevent that change through its black liquid.

As for Sepunia, she experienced a similar transformation. A green spot appeared at the center of her chest and expanded to stretch toward her shoulders and waist.

The odd dragon seemed unable to stop that transformation, especially since its senses were still under the effects of the space dragon's roar. Instead, Sepunia studied the situation calmly, and a pink light soon shone from her eyes as she activated a technique.

Bright pink patches materialized in the void before flying toward Sepunia and the odd dragon. The latter was too busy focusing on the expanding green spots to avoid the technique, while Sepunia obviously let it land on her body.

The pink patches fused with the green spots and swapped them with chunks of the old flesh. The process was seamless for Sepunia since she knew exactly what the smoke had tainted, but the odd dragon ended up with weaker replacements.

Power quickly flowed inside the weaker replacements and started to harmonize them with the rest of the body. The odd dragon even managed to escape the frenzied state caused by the space dragon during the process. It took it a bit to understand what had happened, but it nodded toward Sepunia afterward.

"You countered that," The privileged cultivator stated while inspecting the odd dragon and Sepunia. "It seems that you also have the potential to become a monster."

"I would be a failure if I couldn't achieve so little," Sepunia smiled.

"You are still too late," The privileged cultivator responded. "Why don't you come back to Heaven and Earth's side? Destroying your existence is a waste."

"You didn't give the same offer to the others," Sepunia uttered. "How am I different?"

"You switched sides once," The middle-aged woman teased. "You can do it again."

"I guess I didn't prove my loyalty enough," Sepunia declared as her aura expanded and filled that part of the void with her pink radiance.

"Don't overdo," The privileged cultivator mocked. "I know how strong my previous attack was. Getting rid of it must have consumed quite a lot of your energy."

"You talk too much," June stated as she turned into a lightning bolt that crashed on the privileged cultivator.

June regained her human shape as soon as she slammed on her opponent. The sparks that enveloped her body destroyed part of the green smoke, but she soon found herself overwhelmed by that attack.

"I told you not to push your luck," The privileged cultivator smiled as she raised an arm to point her hand at the center of June's chest.F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

The smoke condensed to create a piercing attack that dug a hole in June's chest, but a massive lightning bolt promptly came out of it and separated the two experts. The privileged cultivator wanted to chase after June, but the space dragon suddenly appeared behind her and teleported her energy into different places.

Maribel also joined the offensive and used the openings created by the space dragon to launch an attack aimed at her opponent's core. Meanwhile, June flew for a while before stopping herself and releasing violent lightning bolts that burned away the flesh that had turned green.

Maribel's offensive didn't lead anywhere, and the privileged cultivator soon sent the space dragon flying. The expert showed her perfect state once again while smoke seeped out of her figure. She appeared unbeatable in that state, but her opponents had no intention to give up.

"We should fight this smartly," Maribel suggested. "We can rely on the dragon's endurance to trap her in a series of disadvantageous exchanges."

June didn't like that idea, but the hole in her chest proved how the privileged cultivator was quite deadly. The space dragon could give her the chance to launch attacks without suffering injuries, and she found no reason to refuse it.

Sepunia and the odd dragon were more than willing to use tactics and ploys. The space dragon's intelligence was the only hurdle to overcome, but the hint of a problem appeared before they could even deploy that plan.

"Do you want to deplete my energy now?" The privileged cultivator asked. "I'm sorry to disappoint you. My energy reserves are almost endless. My latest title was Marcella the Boundless."