Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2270: 2270. Dark world

An environment made of violent energy had taken control of part of the battlefield, and the nine privileged cultivators found themselves inside it. Still, their minds struggled to comprehend what had enveloped them.

Snore proudly stood at the center of that environment. Its reptilian eyes were cold, but it was possible to notice some surprise inside them. Even the snake didn't expect its new power to give birth to something so incredible.

However, everything felt in line with its power. Snore closed its eyes to experience the influence of the violent energy around it to its fullest. The environment radiated familiar sensations. It expressed something that Snore had always been meant to create.

Noah inspected the vast oval environment from a distance. He couldn't help but nod at that sight. The cycle was finally complete. Snore had gained access to the power that had always belonged to it.

The privileged cultivators had studied Noah's power deeply and for countless years. They had kept track of his improvements and new techniques, so finding answers to that strange event turned out to be pretty easy.

Nevertheless, the answers didn't make it easier for the privileged cultivators. Astonishment still filled their minds, and that feeling showed no sign of vanishing. It was simply impossible to calm down when everything around them reeked of pure destruction.

Snore and the dark world had always shared a deep connection. The two had basically improved and grown together until the last transformations had enhanced their individual traits.

However, Snore's core remained almost identical to the dark world. It even expressed a specific aspect of that technique. The snake was the destructive part of the dark matter. It was the embodiment of one of its greatest features.

Snore alone didn't have the knowledge or ability to summon a dark world. It was simply outside its nature to create, but everything had changed now that Noah had reached a new level of understanding of his power.

Snore could use everything inside the ethereal blackness, including Noah's techniques and mental capabilities. That had given birth to a different version of the dark world, something that perfectly reflected its nature.

The violent energy around the privileged cultivators failed to retain a solid form, but it tried its best to preserve some vague shapes.

The vast ground wanted to imitate the landmass, but it ended up being a dense sea of destructive energy. Violent waves and flares also filled its surface and created black gales above it.

The sky wanted to take the shape of a faint gas, but the violent dark matter was too dense. Snore had ended up creating an array of clouds that absorbed some of the gales before releasing even bigger ones in the environment below.

As for the buildings, Snore couldn't possibly have precise shapes in mind. Yet, it still tried to create something that resembled mountains or simple structures.

Of course, those buildings weren't solid. They actually shattered into gales that fused with the ground or the sky before reforming somewhere else.

The ground and the sky seemed to share that ever-changing nature. Nothing stood still in Snore's world. Its creation was nothing more than a mass of destructive energy divided into different types of gales that never stopped blowing.

The privileged cultivators didn't know what to expect from that destructive dark world. They had already seen what Snore was capable of, so they guessed that the technique would enhance its overall power. However, they would have to test it to be sure.

The experts eventually glanced at their giant companion. She had the highest defensive capabilities among the group, so it was her job to test the technique.

The giant privileged cultivator didn't shy back from that role. She took a step forward to press her feet on that sea of destruction, but her movement triggered a chain reaction that involved the whole technique.

The entirety of Snore's dark world released a high-pitched noise as countless gales shot out from the ground, sky, and air to converge on the giant cultivator.

The expert performed an evasive technique, but that movement only enraged the dark world further. Even more gales shot out to chase after the privileged cultivator, which soon cornered her and forced her to summon a defensive technique.

The giant's skin turned dark right before the gales could crash on her, but that technique made the dark world send even more violent energy. A series of explosions resounded in that spot, but all the destructive power released in the environment quickly fused back with the technique and prevented the appearance of fumes.

The privileged cultivator became visible in no time. Everyone could soon see her wounded body. The violent energy had destroyed her protective skin and had dug holes in her body, and her world had also suffered.

The damage would typically force the privileged cultivator to disperse her technique to focus on recovering. However, the expert didn't dare to move. She had understood that even the slightest gesture would turn her into a target.

The other privileged cultivators also stood still. One of them turned her mental waves into faint strands of energy that tried to expand into that environment, but they shattered due to the dense destruction that filled the dark world.

Studying the environment was impossible. Moving would trigger a worldwide reaction. Standing still seemed the only safe option, but Snore wouldn't let its opponents rely on that tactic.

The privileged cultivators didn't know how to recognize the expressions of the magical beasts, but they felt that Snore smirked as it unfolded its two pairs of wings and created an array of black spheres right before them.

The wings didn't have a specific target. They merely pointed at the nine privileged cultivators before unleashing black rays made of dense, destructive energy.

The dark world reacted to the attack by sending violent energy toward the rays and enveloping them into storms that released high-pitched noises.

The attack was fast, but the privileged cultivators could still make a single thought run through their minds. Of course, its contents were far from happy. They simply understood what was about to happen.

The privileged cultivators felt forced to use techniques, move, or deploy evasive measures before the incoming attacks, which triggered a chain reaction that spread through the entire dark world.

The ground surged and the sky fell as countless flares and gales shot toward the nine experts. The privileged cultivators were against a world and their king now, and retreating wasn't an option.

Studying what was happening inside Snore's dark world was more than hard for the experts outside. The matter wasn't too challenging when everything stood still, but the situation changed once everything turned into a mess.

Still, most experts were busy with their battles, so they put everything they learnt in the back of their minds. The only ones who had to worry about Noah were the privileged cultivators who had chased him until now.

Noah casually glanced at the second platoon. He showed no interest in those experts, but he still showed a smirk at the sigh of their evident worry.

"What is it?" Noah mocked. "Aren't you ready to die for Heaven and Earth?"

The leader of those eight experts was a bald old man that kept his arms crossed inside his large sleeves. He was the only one who could hide his worry, but Noah felt able to sense it anyway, and that emotion only intensified at his question.

"You can't kill us with mere creations," The old man eventually responded.

"What are you even saying?" Noah laughed. "This whole battle is my creation."Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com