Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2276: 2276. Pity

Decumia couldn't contain her smile. A single squeal had managed to get rid of the destruction and chaos before affecting the sky behind her. The cry's power was undeniable, and she couldn't wait to face it.

Noah had a far calmer approach. His reptilian eyes darted across the area before falling on the expanding dark patch in the sky. Heaven and Earth couldn't express their real power due to the old rulers' net, but that feat remained incredible.

'Hunger and anger,' Noah thought as he turned. 'That should create something worthy of this battlefield.'

The Foolery's figure appeared in Noah's vision and revealed its changes. The pig was still transforming, but it was already possible to notice a few key features.

The Foolery's skin had darkened, but that process was far from over. Steven's blackness was taking over the pig's colors, replacing them with shades that reflected a power meant to oppose Heaven and Earth.

The wings didn't escape that transformation, and they also grew to remove the last traces of their funny size. The remaining chunks of fat on the pig's body also vanished and retracted to show the massive muscles hidden underneath.

The Foolery never stopped squealing during the transformation. Something inside its existence forced it to express the raging feelings running through its mind.

Its world expanded and condensed to give birth to new energy. The Foolery had always been lacking in that field due to its naivety and short time spent as a hybrid, but Steven's existence was fixing those issues.

Noah could see a new world coming to life. The Foolery's innate features fused with Steven's experience as a cultivator and gave birth to something entirely different without abandoning the unique powers of the two experts.

The Foolery mostly expressed hunger, but its power was relatively young. Instead, Steven's world had initially carried pure determination, which had transformed into intense anger that targeted Heaven and Earth.

Steven had also empowered his world during his last moments, turning his anger into something focused on Decumia. That was a flaw in the grand scope of the final battlefield, but the pig's existence fixed the issue by adding new aspects.

The fusion of those aspects created a hunger that was incredibly effective against those belonging to Heaven and Earth's side, but that wasn't the end of it. Something powerful but faint had appeared in the depths of the Foolery's existence, and Noah couldn't understand its nature even when he focused on that feature.

"That's interesting!" Decumia exclaimed when she sensed that faint power.Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Noah instinctively glared at Decumia, but she paid no attention to him. Her new opponent had captivated her so much that she refrained from releasing her aura.

The intense hunger still filled the area, but Noah could release his energy after getting used to that new environment. The Foolery wasn't focusing on anyone, so a higher density of power was enough to make other fuels survive under its influence.

Decumia learnt about that feature through Noah, but she still held back from unleashing her chaos. She wanted the Foolery to complete the transformation and give her the battle she had long yearned for.

Noah remained in his position even if he felt no danger coming from Decumia. Snore and the roots were handling his pursuers, so he could take his time to help a friend.

Nevertheless, the wait forced Noah to become more aware of the state of the battlefield. The chaos, the deaths, and the cries seemed endless, and the sourness of Steven's departure added different urges to his mind.

'Playing with the weaklings is my task for now,' Noah reminded himself. 'My efforts are bringing us closer to victory.'

Noah's attempts to calm himself down didn't lead anywhere. His world grew restless as he waited for his chance to dive back into the battlefield. He wanted to do more for his organization. His very existence pushed him toward reckless actions.

The void darkened while Noah remained focused on his mental state. Holding himself back had never been his forte, and the change in the environment soon attracted Decumia's attention.

The privileged cultivator began to have doubts. Decumia could feel the danger that Noah radiated, but she couldn't decide between the Foolery and him.

Both experts seemed worthy opponents, and Decumia was ready to abandon Caesar's plan to seek the entertainment that the final battle had yet to provide. However, the squeal suddenly stopped and prevented her from making that choice.

The hunger dispersed before a heavier aura spread in the area. The new influence still carried the Foolery's initial power, but it also expressed something different. Moreover, it didn't destroy random waves of energy anymore.

Noah and Decumia noticed that they didn't have to use any special method to release their energy now. However, the sky behind Decumia remained dark, which showed how the Foolery's passive influence still affected Heaven and Earth.

"Noah," The Foolery called in a deep voice.

The seriousness expressed by the Foolery surprised both Noah and Decumia. They didn't expect the pig to turn so stern after that transformation, but the change sounded reasonable. After all, the Foolery had to pay the steepest price for Steven's death.

Noah couldn't help but nod when he gazed at the Foolery and saw its cold gaze. That was a face befitting of a demon. Noah could almost sense the pig's chilling killing intent by merely looking at its expression.

'Steven would be proud,' Noah sighed before voicing a question. "Can I leave her to you?"

"Of course," The Foolery replied in its new tone. "It's my responsibility to take her down."

"I'll leave then," Noah stated.

"Do not worry!" The Foolery shouted before raising its head. "I will prove myself worthy of Steven's inheritance. Decumia, watch in fear as my power reaches the next level."

Noah couldn't believe that the Foolery recalled Decumia's name, but the intense aura that followed its announcement distracted him from his surprise. The pig's cultivation level increased rapidly and pushed it toward the limits of the liquid stage.

The Foolery seemed about to face its breakthrough, but a loud and long fart suddenly came out of its rear. The skyrocketing power began to fall, and its cultivation level returned to its previous height by the end of that smelly gesture.

Noah and Decumia had no words to describe the event. Their expression froze, but their eyes flickered when the Foolery began to accumulate power again. Its cultivation level rose, but the process ended when another fart came out of its butt.

"Is it for real?" Decumia asked.

"You won't get the fun you were seeking," Noah shook his head. "Even your chaos will go crazy."

"What do you mean?" Decumia questioned.

"You are confident in taking her down, right?" Noah repeated.

"I can't possibly lose," The Foolery replied without lowering its head. "I only have to accumulate enough power to advance. This battle will mark my rebirth!"

"Show no mercy," Noah casually said while shrugging his shoulders.

Decumia frowned when she saw Noah leaving the area to fly toward the spherical cage made of roots. She could see that she had missed something, but Noah had no intention of wasting more time there.

As for Noah, he didn't feel too happy with the Foolery's breakthrough, but its power was undeniable. The nature of that influence was the only issue. He had finally understood what Steven had created with his world, and the answer almost led to headaches.

'Hunger, anger, and idiocy,' Noah cursed in his mind. 'I'd pity her if she didn't cause Steven's death.'