Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2286 2286. Terms

The privileged cultivator didn't expect Sword Saint's attack. In theory, Sword Saint wasn't in the condition to launch any technique, but the old man couldn't ignore what had happened.

The wave of silver light pushed the old man far away, but he eventually managed to get rid of it through his strange gestures. Yet, he showed a confused expression when he reappeared among the void and inspected his opponent still standing on the sky.

Sword Saint had yet to regain complete control over his body, but that didn't mean that he was powerless. His hand had a minor injury, and the old man wasn't to blame for that. It was clear that the wound was self-inflicted.

That alone was enough to explain part of the previous event. The old man was highly knowledgeable, but even his experience fell short in front of an entire path. However, he could come up with hypotheses.

"You developed a new technique," The old man announced as he flew back toward his opponent.

"Not-," Sword Saint muttered before being interrupted by the restraints that affected his body.

The old man drew close, but Sword Saint ignored him. The latter focused on getting rid of those restraints, but most of his energy still escaped his control.

Nevertheless, a long wound suddenly opened on Sword Saint's chest and allowed him to release a massive surge of energy that swept his body clean of the restraint. He became able to move again as his power flowed out of his figure, but his injury didn't close.

"You are copying King Elbas," The old man exclaimed. "You are injuring yourself to release more power. That's not very creative."

"You are clueless about the sword path," Sword Saint stated as he stretched his arms to check their condition. "I didn't create a new attack. This technique has always existed in my path."

"It's not innovative anyway," The old man responded, "But it gets the job done. No wonder you relied on it."

"Such ignorance," Sword Saint sighed. "Don't worry. I'll grant you the knowledge you lack."

The old man stopped flying toward Sword Saint and wore a curious face. He raised his arms to prepare for the imminent attack, but his interest increased when he saw that Sword Saint took a deep breath to prepare for the offensive.

"Ooh," The old man voiced a surprised gasp at the sight of such concentration.

The privileged cultivator would have expected a similar action from Noah or King Elbas, but Sword Saint was atypical. He already embodied the sword path, so he didn't theoretically require to concentrate on summoning his power.

A wound eventually opened on Sword Saint's forehead, and a massive wave of power followed the event. A sea of silver energy shot out of his body and condensed into a giant blade that hit the old man directly on his chest.

The privileged cultivator continued to perform strange gestures while the giant sword pushed him away, but his efforts appeared useless. The attack pierced his chest and dug deep inside him without coming out of his back.

The sword was digging far more than flesh. Sword Saint had launched an attack that could reach the privileged cultivator's world, and the latter found himself unable to block it.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

The sharp energy contained in the giant sword unleashed its power once the privileged cultivator's world appeared in sight. The true potential of the attack activated its effects and tried to kill the old man in a single blow, but things didn't go as smoothly as Sword Saint hoped.

The sharp energy reached the old man's world and pierced its edges, but everything disappeared at that point. The power inside the privileged cultivator and the giant sword vanished without leaving any trace of their existence.

Sword Saint couldn't hide his surprise, but he didn't halt his offensive either. He charged forward, transforming into a wave of silver energy that slammed directly on the old man.

The energy separated from Sword Saint and trapped the old man in a frail cage. The latter was ready to break free of those restraints, but Sword Saint launched another attack before that could happen.

A long cut opened on Sword Saint's arm and allowed him to release the same intense energy as before. Another giant blade came out of his body and pierced the old man's chest while releasing its sharp power in his insides.

The sharp energy converged toward the old man's word and pierced its edges, but the event generated the same reaction as before. The giant blade disappeared, and the same went for the power trying to hurt the privileged cultivator's existence.

"You know what is happening," The old man stated.

"You don't know what I'm doing," Sword Saint responded.

"I can guess," The old man exclaimed. "The paths of the universe are immense, far beyond our imagination. The sword path must have attacks that can overcome the ninth rank without using superior energy. You are relying on them."

"That's correct," Sword Saint declared. "This flesh embodies the sword path. I can use its blood to pay the price for that superior power and apply it to a specific art."

"A sword art that only an avatar can use," The old man commented. "What a sight."

"On the other hand," Sword Saint spoke, "Your world contains your idea of perfection. It doesn't have real energy because perfection can't have a fixed form. Yet, it still allows you to defend against my attacks."

"Indeed," The old man uttered while placing a hand on his chest. "You can reach my world, but nothing can truly hurt it. I won't claim to be immortal, but my defense remains the best in the entire sky."

"Your attacks aren't bad," Sword Saint admitted, "Even if they aren't blades."

"I'm not attacking," The old man explained. "I'm defending against your potential attacks, movement, or very life. What do you think will happen once I start defending myself against your world?"

"It must take you a while to prepare such a technique," Sword Saint stated.

"I have time," The old man chuckled.

"I see," Sword Saint sighed before joining his palms. "Time isn't on my side."

"I'm sorry," The old man smiled, but a giant blade suddenly slammed on his body and tried to cut him into two halves.

The giant blade opened a cut that ran from the privileged cultivator's forehead to his left foot. Sharp energy flowed inside his body and tried to reach his world while the attack continued to affect his flesh, but everything eventually disappeared.

"Feeling in a hurry already?" The privileged cultivator mocked as his injury healed.

"Your energy isn't infinite," Sword Saint stated. "Instead, I draw power from the sword path. I'm sure I can last more than you."

"Do you want to turn this into an endurance contest?" The old man wondered. "That doesn't suit you."

"I know," Sword Saint exclaimed as his joint palms started to release a high-pitched noise. "A sea of blades might overcome your perfection, but it won't make any of them superior to your power."

"You need to find the right blade," The old man teased.

"And you need to find how to eliminate my existence," Sword Saint continued.

"Well," The privileged cultivator announced, "It seems that the terms of our battle are clear now."