Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2298.Laugh

Decumia was truly going crazy. Multiple exchanges had followed Wilfred's arrival, and she struggled to win them. The Foolery's insane influence was too much to handle through standard methods. The privileged cultivator even believed that nothing in her power could actually counter them.

The problems didn't stop there. Decumia was strong enough to preserve her life and power during the exchanges, but that gave her the time to inspect the other major battles.

Sword Saint and the old man were evenly matched. Noah had locked Caesar in a prison that no one could inspect, and Marcella had found a suitable opponent who was forcing her to go all-out.

The Rulers' Resolve had also fallen into a giant cage under the attacks of his three opponents. Divine Architect seemed to be the only one among Heaven and Earth's leaders who had yet to suffer significant defeats, but her adversary couldn't be underestimated. Moreover, she and King Elbas were still playing around, which only made their situation more surprising.

Heaven and Earth had yet to break free from their restraints, but that didn't change the incredible scenery of the battlefield. A lousy group of rebels and maniacs had forced the rulers' army into a corner. They weren't winning, but they weren't losing either, and that alone was incredible.

Decumia's struggles were another detail that added value to the landmass' forces. Noah had created an organization that could hope to win. The odds were against those crazy rebels, but they were disregarding them through sheer determination and overwhelming power.

Decumia wasn't the only expert in Heaven and Earth's army who had reached similar conclusions. Many lesser privileged cultivators had understood that they had misplaced their arrogance.

Noah and the others were the best opponents that the higher plane could ever produce. They were defying a plan that had been in place for eras. They were the true protagonists of that final battle, and the sole thought that they could win made many lesser privileged cultivators experience deep fear and worry.

Of course, the leaders in Heaven and Earth's army were different. Their worlds were deeper, and their resolve reached realms that their weaker companions had never witnessed.

Decumia was even different from the other leaders. Their devotion toward Heaven and Earth had various sources, but they were all firm and deep. Caesar stood far above them in that aspect, but Decumia occupied the very opposite extreme of the spectrum.

Wilfred and the Foolery had good teamwork. Wilfred kept his distance while delivering punches on the void that created precise attacks, while the Foolery continued to charge ahead with sprints empowered by its farts.

Decumia would typically have no problems against Wilfred. His attacks were insanely powerful for a hybrid in the liquid stage, but she was stronger than him in multiple fields.

Decumia would simply charge ahead and turn Wilfred's strength against him in normal circumstances. His ability was too straightforward. Her chaos would defeat it in no time.

However, Wilfred seemed to have a deep battle sense. His instincts told him how to maximize the effects of his attacks to create more problems for Decumia.

That alone would still fail to be enough, but the Foolery created a situation where Decumia couldn't act freely. Its charges were impossible to dodge, and Decumia saw part of her energy vanishing from her body after every exchange.

Whenever the Foolery completed its charge, chunks of flesh, entire limbs, and even internal organs disappeared, but Decumia didn't panic. Giant attacks aimed at her injuries landed on her body right afterward, but she kept her cool and studied the situation.

After a while, Decumia exploded into a loud laugh. Her companions had found worthy opponents, and she didn't know how to win her battle, but she still laughed.

The Foolery and Wilfred didn't hesitate to exploit that chance. They continued to assault Decumia, and she didn't bother to resist. Large chunks of her body disappeared, and some attacks even ended up affecting the energy inside her world.

"I can laugh louder than her!" The Foolery shouted before taking a deep breath.

Wilfred teleported next to the Foolery to smack its belly. The pig spat the air accumulated in its lungs, but a laugh resounded anyway. Its voice even surpassed Decumia's.

"No one can stop m-!" The Foolery shouted, but Wilfred promptly closed its mouth.

"Let's kill her now," Wilfred ordered. "I don't know what she is doing, but Heaven and Earth are coming. Don't waste time."FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"I must overwhelm her in every field!" The Foolery spoke even if Wilfred was keeping its mouth closed.

Wilfred knew that trying to reason with the Foolery was impossible, especially after it achieved that new power. He wasn't even the best when it came to those social interactions, but that allowed him to think like the pig.

"Steven didn't care about her," Wilfred stated. "He wanted you to defeat Heaven and Earth. We can't waste time here."

The Foolery couldn't help but calm down after hearing the word "Steven", and Wilfred's following line succeeded in changing its mind. "Besides, I'm hungry."

"You are right!" The Foolery exclaimed through its closed mouth. "We should eat!"

Wilfred let go of the Foolery and turned toward Decumia. The privileged cultivator was still laughing, but no energy left her figure. She seemed to have gone mental, but Wilfred didn't believe that someone at her level could have lost her mind so quickly.

The Foolery didn't bother to inspect Decumia's state. Loud farts came out of its butt, wings, and legs to create a sprint that the privileged cultivator couldn't follow.

The smelly farts almost broke Wilfred's concentration, but he had grown used to them by now. He bent his legs and retracted his massive arms while placing them at his sides. His face lost any trace of emotion as he delved deep into his knowledge to prepare for his attack.

Decumia could dodge the incoming charge. She couldn't follow the Foolery, but she knew powerful evasive maneuvers that could make her avoid anything coming in her direction.

Yet, Decumia had already failed to avoid suffering injuries through those methods. She had accepted that the Foolery existed in a realm that her thoughts couldn't reach. So, she gave up on dodging the incoming attack and continued to laugh.

The Foolery slammed on Decumia and pushed her into the sky. The violent impact created a shockwave that shattered once it reached the other waves of energy running through the battlefield. Yet, that didn't affect the overall power of its attack.

Decumia's torso disappeared, leaving behind only her limbs and head. Purple energy refilled the missing parts, but that fuel vanished under the influence of the Foolery's hunger.

Wilfred launched his attack at that point. His arms slowly moved forward until he stretched them completely. The gesture didn't create anything in front of him. Still, an invisible wall appeared above Decumia and tried to squash her on the sky.

In theory, Decumia was defenseless. Her figure had no energy, so her flesh was bound to shatter under the immense force falling on her.

Nevertheless, the wall of energy stopped moving forward as soon as it touched Decumia's maimed figure. All the power inside the attack turned purple and crumbled into a rain of shards that rearranged themselves to create different structures.

Part of the shards fused with Decumia's body to fix her injuries. Instead, the rest of the rain condensed into an array of tentacles that expanded from behind her back.

"More food!" The Foolery squealed at the sight of the massive tentacles. Intense hunger spread from its figure and fell on those limbs, which immediately started to lose power.

Still, the tentacles exploded before the Foolery could completely absorb them. The energy released during the detonation lost any connection to Decumia and gave birth to violent storms that seemed to carry no specific nature.

The Foolery could only absorb part of the storms before finding itself inside gales that even its powerful body couldn't oppose. Wounds opened on its thick flesh during that barrage, but a wave of energy dispersed all of them.

Wilfred blew over his fuming right fist. He had managed to disperse the storms, but he had suffered a backlash. It seemed that Decumia had found a suitable approach, but Wilfred couldn't understand much from her crazy laugh.