Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2301. Confusion

"I recall that ability," Decumia announced once the scuffle in the distance ended. "Go on. Make it. I want to see how it changed after your breakthrough."

The Foolery and Wilfred turned toward Decumia to show their cold expressions. The privileged cultivator was underestimating them, and the pig couldn't let that go.

"I only need a fraction of my power to defeat you!" The Foolery squealed. "We won't use my creat-!"

"Shut up!" Wilfred scolded while pulling the pig from its neck. "Make that damned plant already."

"But she is insulting us," The Foolery complained.

"We'll get back at her by destroying her world," Wilfred declared. "That's the best form of revenge."

"I don't know," The pig sighed. "Taking a dump on her would be more satisfying."

"Do that after giving me some energy," Wilfred ordered as he tried his best to keep his cool.

Decumia snickered while she admired the argument. Her laugh carried her complete lack of concern for her opponents' plan. She wasn't even trying to hide how little she cared about that strategy.

"I'm going to take a dump on her now," The Foolery snorted, but Wilfred tightened his legs around its neck to stop its reckless charge.

"She is taunting us!" Wilfred shouted.

"I'm really not," Decumia responded. "I'm simply curious."

"Your curiosity will be your doom!" The pig proudly announced while lifting its head, uncaring that the gesture flung Wilfred above it.

"How?" Decumia wondered. "Your power is interesting, but your companion fails to qualify as a worthy opponent. A breakthrough won't change the shallow essence of his world."

The second insult was more personal, even if Decumia had no mean intentions behind it. She was merely stating the truth, and Wilfred knew that she was right.

Still, the insult succeeded in ending the argument. The Foolery couldn't stand hearing Decumia belittling its companions. The pig lowered its head, and a deep fart came out of its butt.

Wilfred let go of the Foolery as smelly gas accumulated behind them. He wore his cold expression again as he waited for something worse to come out of the pig's butt, but nothing similar happened even after a few seconds passed.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

"Aren't you doing your thing?" Wilfred eventually whispered.

"What thing?" The Foolery asked.

"Aren't you creating your plants?" Wilfred specified.

"What?" The Foolery exclaimed before understanding what Wilfred meant. "No, I was only expressing my anger."

The fart suddenly stopped, and Wilfred found himself speechless. He finally experienced what King Elbas had to go through whenever he was with the Foolery, and he couldn't wait for that situation to end.

"Can you do your thing now?" Wilfred almost begged.

"I'll kill her on my own if you aren't fast enough!" The Foolery declared as if the previous interaction didn't happen.

Decumia laughed, but she let the two complete their preparations. The Foolery released a louder and longer fart that stretched behind it and condensed to take the form of a smelly environment.

The Foolery didn't stop there. It retreated to immerse half of its body in the smelly environment before lifting its head. The dense gas hid the results of its efforts, but both Wilfred and Decumia knew what was happening.

"It's ready," The Foolery stated in a deep tone. "Don't be late."

Wilfred struggled to take that statement seriously. Disgust and a tinge of fear appeared in his expression while he inspected the smelly area. The Foolery had created a proper domain, but the place resembled a poisonous trap rather than a technique meant to benefit Wilfred.

"It can't be worse than being useless," Wilfred sighed before stepping toward the smelly domain and disappearing inside it.

The Foolery nodded while inspecting the scene, but its gaze soon moved to Decumia. The privileged cultivator didn't even bother to suppress her grin, which enraged the pig even more.

"Prepare yourself!" The pig ordered.

"Why would I do something so boring?" Decumia giggled.

The Foolery couldn't take that mocking anymore. It flapped its wings, farted, and used the smoke around its figure to create an incredible sprint that Decumia couldn't follow at all.

The charge resembled a teleport due to how quickly everything happened. The Foolery left behind after-images as it appeared before Decumia to slam the entirety of its momentum on her.

The impact pushed Decumia on the white layer, but the Foolery noticed how nothing about her figure broke. Injuries opened, and blood flowed out of her mouth, but she remained mostly intact. Moreover, her grin widened after the crash.

"You don't get it, do you?" Decumia laughed as her injuries closed and her complexion improved. "Well, that's why you are so interesting. When paired with intellect, your unreasonable ability might actually fail to express so much power."

The Foolery didn't care about Decumia's statements. It lowered its head and charged ahead again. Decumia welcomed the attack and let the pig attempt to squash her on the sky, but her body held strong.

"I will thank you once I turn you into my pet," Decumia announced while the Foolery continued to push. "You showed me a field that my chaos had yet to affect. I'm confident I'll be able to defeat Divine Demon once this battle is over."

An expanding purple halo followed Decumia's words. Her light stretched past her figure and tried to envelop the Foolery, but the latter appeared immune to that influence. It didn't take long before that power flowed toward it in the form of nutrients.

The light abandoned its shades to become colorless and transform into the toxic gas that Decumia had summoned before. Yet, the Foolery continued to eat without showing any suffering.

"Right," Decumia laughed. "Who said that something poisonous can affect you? Did you turn yourself immune to my technique?"

The Foolery didn't reply. Its full attention was on Decumia's energy. It kept eating and absorbing as much as possible, but the privileged cultivator didn't show any reaction.

"No," Decumia exclaimed. "You altered the nature of my attack. Anything is possible with you, isn't it? Defeating you is almost a pity."

The Foolery's eyes widened in surprise when Decumia placed her hands on its head and pushed it away. She wasn't relying on any special technique. Her sheer physical strength seemed able to overcome the pig, which didn't make any sense.

"To be clear," Decumia stated, "You are hurting me. My condition is far from ideal. I need to sacrifice something to push my chaos into your realm, but your reaction makes it worthwhile. I can feel my power growing stronger by watching your confused face."

"This must be a trick," The Foolery claimed.

"Sort of," Decumia giggled as she patted the Foolery's forehead. "It's nothing special. I'm turning my chaos into pure energy by cutting it away from my world. Your companion did something similar not too long ago."

The Foolery couldn't connect that behavior to Sword Saint's previous achievements. It barely understood what was happening, but the situation was more than clear. Its power failed to overcome Decumia.

Decumia's arms broke as soon as intense anger shot out of the Foolery's figure. Its power intensified, and its influence deepened as it summoned more of its unreasonable power.

Decumia's skin withered under that deeper influence. The energy inside her fabric vanished and left behind flesh that turned into dust. Her bones and organs suffered the same fate, and the turn of her world soon arrived.

An uneven, bright sphere appeared once the entirety of Decumia's figure vanished. The Foolery didn't hesitate to bite down on that world, but its mouth broke when its teeth stabbed its edges.

The Foolery didn't give up, but its determination couldn't stop what was happening. Violent storms came out of the openings dug by its teeth and pushed it away, destroying vast chunks of its flesh in the process.

The storms were so massive that the Foolery had the chance to seize control of its body only after slamming on the sky and rolling over it for half of the higher plane. The attack heavily maimed its figure, ripping away two legs and one wing, but its wounded face carried no pain. The pig felt only confusion.