Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2303. Unstoppable

Decumia knew that something had changed even before the destruction of her body. Her world appeared in the open when she touched the sky, but energy came out of it to rebuild her figure.

Her eyes moved toward the source of the unstoppable force as soon as they reformed. The scene triggered a laugh that Decumia couldn't suppress, but her reaction didn't reflect the seriousness of her mindset.

The smelly domain had remained still during the fight between the Foolery and Decumia. Its poisonous nature had also prevented the advance of mental waves in its insides. The battlefield had experts with minds that could pierce that gas, but everything stank so much that none of them had dared to inspect that area.

Moreover, Decumia was the only expert involved in that battle, and she didn't care about Wilfred, so she didn't bother to check the smelly area. Yet, something had changed while she was attempting to subdue the Foolery.

Currents had formed among the smelly domain. They had shrunk due to their loss of energy, and azure shades had also appeared among their brownish color.

An immense tunnel had eventually cut through the whole domain to deliver an unstoppable blow on Decumia's back. The attack had destroyed her body and had pushed her away, but it didn't reveal the culprit.

"Come out already," Decumia announced while keeping her eyes on the smelly domain. "I want to see if you have finally become interesting."

The smelly domain exploded after those words. Currents carrying the awful scent of the Foolery's farts expanded through the higher plane, but all of them dispersed into the void quite soon.

The explosion left nothing but void and a fuming figure at its center. Wilfred became visible again, but his expression was far from happy. He didn't seem to care about his new cultivation level.

"That wasn't worth it," Wilfred sighed as he blew over his left shoulder to remove the last trace of the Foolery's fart.

The gust of air spat out of Wilfred's mouth expanded and transformed into a rotating storm that cleaned his body. Those winds grew violent during their spinning motion, but the void eventually claimed them.

A heavy aura unfolded once the storm disappeared. The power that only a solid stage expert could carry expanded through the area and revealed Wilfred's new level to the entire higher plane. His time inside the smelly domain had allowed him to reach the peak of the cultivation journey.

"Now I must kill you," Wilfred exclaimed. "I need to give value to that torture."

"I wonder if you can reach me at all," Decumia teased.

Wilfred inspected his body and tightened his fists. The muscles on his arms bulged until they reached an inhuman size, and the process soon spread through the entirety of his body.

"No wonder my old law couldn't reach these heights," Wilfred sighed. "No punch can make use of this power efficiently."

Decumia waited for Wilfred to get used to his new level, but boredom soon took over her. She opened her mouth to say something, but an explosion abruptly resounded behind her and forced her to turn.

"Movement techniques," Wilfred cursed while straightening his position on the white layer. "They are so annoying. I'm far better with arms."Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"You are fast," Decumia smirked. She didn't see Wilfred approach her, but something told her that his technique wasn't anything special.

"Where is your chaos?" Wilfred asked while walking on the white layer to approach Decumia.

"I wanted to give you a free attack," Decumia laughed. "I changed my mind."

The whole area suddenly turned purple. Decumia filled that chunk of space with her aura in an instant, and her energy immediately started to condense into an array of tendrils that shot toward Wilfred.

Wilfred found some tentacles already on him. Those limbs slammed on his body but failed to inflict any damage. Yet, purple patches appeared on his skin after the impact, and some of his veins also popped out to show similar shades.

Decumia's chaos knew that physical prowess wasn't the answer against Wilfred. Her attack had instinctively targeted his energy and limbs, but a surprised expression appeared on her face when she established a connection with his body.

"What is that?" Decumia gasped.

Wilfred was too annoyed to answer. His muscles bulged, and the purple infection left his body. Faint clouds gathered around him, but they dispersed as soon as he raised his arms.

That simple gesture generated violent gales that shot in every direction. Decumia had to use some of her tentacles to avoid getting flung away, but that gave Wilfred the chance to shoot forward.

The momentum carried by Wilfred's sprint created a hole in the barrage of tentacles and allowed him to reach Decumia. His palms landed on her chest, and the power released during the attack touched levels that even Decumia struggled to comprehend.

Wilfred was by no means a complicated expert. His world had gained techniques thanks to Supreme Thief, but he had kept sheer physical strength as his core.

In theory, something so simple would fail to affect mighty privileged cultivators who had touched profound meanings. Yet, that exchange taught Decumia that anything could work as long as there was enough of it.

Wilfred's physical strength didn't belong to the realm of hybrids. It simply made no sense, and Decumia didn't know whether her mind could even begin to understand its limits. It could be bottomless for all she understood.

Simple martial arts also enhanced that sheer might. Wilfred had turned himself into an unstoppable force, and Decumia didn't need to put much thought into it. She knew that his attacks couldn't be blocked.

The energy released by the palms dug a hole through the layers of purple energy and reached the world behind them. Decumia's core remained fine, but her whole existence trembled, and her body directly disappeared in the shockwave that followed.

The pure violence carried by the impact slammed Decumia's world on the sky again. Her existence remained intact since Wilfred's attacks couldn't reach her deep realm, but he turned her powerless for a second nonetheless.

Decumia didn't hesitate to expand her aura in every direction once the tremors ended. She knew how to handle Wilfred. She only needed to stop his attacks before he could complete them, and her chaos could do that easily.

However, her energy disappeared before it could get too far. A heavy influence replaced it, and a big figure materialized before the maimed pieces of her body that she had managed to recreate.

"I allowed him to act cool," The Foolery announced. "It's my turn now."

The Foolery opened its mouth, and a pulling force came out of it. The few rebuilt chunks of Decumia's body vanished, and the edges of her world started to tremble under that influence.

Decumia willingly created an opening in her world to create a storm far bigger than anything launched before. The Foolery's head would probably disappear if those gales landed on it, but Wilfred handled the attack.

Wilfred teleported before the Foolery to place a hand right above the opening. The storms landed on his palm but failed to push back his arm. He even managed to condense them by closing his fingers.

"Eat her up," Wilfred ordered.