Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2306. Truth

The nine-headed hydra appeared immune to the white attacks that fell on its body. Actually, part of their energy even fused with the golden radiance to add fuel to that giant creature.

Divine Architect didn't falter. Her emotionless eyes flickered while she inspected the hydra. The creature was expanding and growing stronger, but its level remained unworthy of her worries.

The hydra roared, and each head voiced a different cry. Some expressed pride, others pure arrogance. A couple even carried disdain toward the inferior life forms that dared to stand on their path.

"Nine main meanings," Divine Architect concluded after her short inspection. "How do you hope to win against my diversity?"

"You should land an attack before getting arrogant," King Elbas' voice came out of the nine heads.

"The density of your creation is exceptional," Divine Architect admitted. "Still, its incredible features aren't the result of advanced inscription fields. You are merely relying on your superior energy."

After those words, the army attacked again, but the offensive was clearly different. The many rays took the shape of rotating pillars that converged to create a massive, pointy figure that crashed on the hydra's belly.

The golden fabric of the hydra endured the attack for a while, but the pointy weapon eventually created a path. The creature didn't voice any cry of pain, but its body still ended up with a giant hole at its center.

The hole didn't take long to close, but the outcome of the attack was undeniable. Divine Architect could hurt the hydra without even going all-out.

"Is my arrogance still misplaced?" Divine Architect asked.

"Of course," King Elbas spoke through the heads before the hole in the hydra's belly reopened to launch an identical pointy pillar that turned golden during its flight.

Divine Architect's army had items meant to protect her from incoming attacks. Some avatars and tens of four-legged creatures with wall-like heads stepped forward to stand in the pillar's path, but the power released during the impact surpassed Divine Architect's expectations.

Golden light took control of the area and forced Divine Architect to rely on her mirrors to inspect the situation. The exchange had caused an explosion that destroyed her defenses and sent part of its violent energy everywhere. Needless to say, many of her creations crumbled in the process.

The destruction didn't end there. The golden light ravaged many creations during its expansion, but it soon turned into a series of currents that targeted specific inscribed items.

Moreover, the hydra roared to spit nine pillars that carried different natures. Some were dense and slow, while others were nothing more than a rain of needles.

The new attacks fell on the army and joined the golden currents in their violent flight. Divine Architect's creations seemed powerless in front of that offensive, but King Elbas didn't feel any pride in that apparent victory. He knew that Divine Architect was allowing that to happen.

The nine heads didn't limit themselves to simple attacks. Their mouths remained open as more energy came out of them and fell on the army.

King Elbas changed the nature and density of the attacks while they continued to fly. He could alter everything from his position inside the hydra, and the army suffered in front of that incredible power.

Divine Architect remained still until the entirety of her army became nothing more than dust hovering through the void. King Elbas' offensive didn't stop even at that point. The gales and pillars converged toward Divine Architect, but she ended everything by taking a step forward.

King Elbas couldn't help but feel surprised when he saw all the energy carried by his attacks failing to pierce Divine Architect's palm. The privileged cultivator had come out of her barrier to stop the offensive with her hand. Still, disappointment filled her face when she saw that her gesture had been enough to protect her.

"Your inscription methods are outdated," Divine Architect announced while closing her hand into a fist.

The giant mass of energy imitated her fingers and condensed into an unstable golden line. The attack seemed on the verge of exploding, but Divine Architect used her other hand to tap on it. White shades expanded through the golden fabric until everything turned into dust.

"I'm not even comparing these methods to mine," Divine Architect continued. "The higher plane featured inscription masters with advanced schools. Did you ignore all of them?"

"You know that I didn't," King Elbas spoke through the nine heads. "I simply don't need to use those advanced methods."

"That's your limit then," Divine Architect declared before going back among her mirrors and clapping her hands.Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Her aura expanded, and hundreds of portals appeared. An even bigger army soon occupied the areas in front of Divine Architect. Her stash of creation seemed countless, but King Elbas had expected something like that. After all, Divine Architect had spent numerous years inside the sky.

Laughs came out of the hydra's heads once the army created battle formations. Divine Architect ignored that reaction, but her eyes lit up once she understood that something was wrong.

However, Divine Architect ended up being one step too late. Golden lights appeared inside each member of the army and destabilized their structure before forcing all of them to explode.

The ethereal barrier shielded Divine Architect from the energy and shards flying toward her, but she barely cared about that. Her whole attention was on the hydra. She almost couldn't believe that King Elbas had tricked her again.

"Three," King Elbas spoke through the hydra. "This is my third victory."

"You lied," Divine Architect cursed.

"How?" King Elbas laughed. "I said that I didn't need advanced methods. I never promised that I wouldn't use them."

Divine Architect had to admit that she couldn't read King Elbas. Her fighting style involved inspections and reactions, but her opponent didn't allow her to come up with proper countermeasures.

The situation wasn't simple. King Elbas couldn't beat Divine Architect when it came to sheer knowledge, but he had a significant advantage. His final energy allowed him to turn obsolete inscription methods into fearsome weapons.

King Elbas was turning Divine Architect's knowledge into a flaw. She relied on her long and thorough studies to predict King Elbas' behavior, but he followed different laws. His final energy made that possible.

"It must burn," King Elbas mocked. "How is your world doing? How does it feel to lack the means to understand my power?"

"You underestimate my resilience," Divine Architect replied as her mirrors reflected different areas of the space that divided her from King Elbas. "I simply don't know enough about your energy to develop a complete evaluation, but I'm getting there."

"I'll explain this only once," King Elbas stated. "Even if you learnt every secret of my energy, you won't be able to understand my full potential."

"Every living being is predictable," Divine Architect declared. "Rank 9 cultivators are extremely complicated, but they aren't exceptions."

"I am," King Elbas laughed. "Well, do you plan on losing until you seize that understanding? You might die before that."

"Defeating disposable items must feel like an incredible achievement for you," Divine Architect sighed. "Do not worry. I'll show you my true collection. If I fail to understand the final energy before your death, I'll take the truth from your corpse."