Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Chaper 2310. Crystals

The white wave of power unleashed by the mirror could put average rank 9 cultivators in danger, but King Elbas was far beyond that level. Yet, Divine Architect didn't try to hurt him. She only wanted to interrupt his offensive.

King Elbas felt powerless for a few seconds while the white attack pushed him away. The mirror's timing had been perfect. It had caught him in the middle of his teleport, which prolonged his helpless state.

The wave of energy pushed King Elbas into the distance and threatened to launch him into the void, but he exploded with golden power once he stabilized his condition. The giant attack instantly burnt at that point, and a bright halo filled King Elbas' surroundings.

Divine Architect snorted before pointing at a spot behind her. The mirror rotated and launched another giant wave of energy that targeted the designed area, suppressing the golden light that had begun to materialize.

"I can see you," Divine Architect said without bothering to turn toward the torrent of white energy flowing behind her.

Nevertheless, Divine Architect's crystal eyes released a short flash that made her sprint forward. Her perfect timing allowed her to dodge the vertical golden pillar that pierced the white river and interrupted the mirror's attack.

Nine scaled heads came out of the pillars and unleashed a fiery sea that caught up with Divine Architect in no time. The latter felt forced to summon her portals, but her domain soon disappeared among the golden flames.

"You are still disrespecting me," King Elbas said before stepping out of the golden pillar and landing on the sea.

The energy inside the pilar crumbled into waves that fused with the fiery sea. King Elbas advanced through his scorching creation, and his spear soon pointed at a seemingly random spot in the distance.

An unstoppable and blinding attack shot out of the spear and pierced the sea. Waves of flames formed as the structure opened to reveal a spherical white cage that had remained immersed among the golden flames.

The cage shattered as soon as the blinding attack landed on its surface, revealing Divine Architect's intact figure. She appeared defenseless in her current state, and the spear's ability still retained enough energy to fly toward her, but she didn't bother to move.

The giant mirror had spun again during King Elbas' offensive. Trembling energy had shot from its four corners and had gathered at its center, but that power shot forward once Divine Architect remained entirely in the open.FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

The mirror launched a tiny and seemingly forgettable white needle that flew at high speed through the void. The attack was so fast that it reached the spear's ability before it could land on Divine Architect.

The needle showed its true power once it fused with the blinding attack. The golden energy inside the ability lost its balance and momentum before falling into the sea.

Divine Architect had stopped the spear. The event was quite incredible, but Divine Architect was far from done, and King Elbas noticed that right away.

The fall of the blinding attack revealed a tiny white sphere that floated before Divine Architect. The energy contained in that small structure felt immense, so King Elbas didn't hesitate to make the whole sea crash on it.

The sea roared in anger. Flares and waves shot out of its fiery surface as the entirety of its fabric crashed on Divine Architect and her tiny white sphere.

The space-time fabric of the void struggled to endure the heavy pressure accumulated in the area, but it didn't break. King Elbas' offensive seemed able to get close to that realm, but it still fell short.

It didn't take long before Divine Architect and her attack vanished among the golden energy. The whole sea condensed and retreated to unleash the entirety of its power on its target, and King Elbas even helped with more attacks.

King Elbas pointed his spear and nine scaled heads at the unstable mass of golden energy that had surrounded Divine Architect. Attacks that didn't have a fixed form came out of his weapons and engulfed the area. The overall power contained in the offensive illuminated profound parts of the void, but King Elbas didn't feel satisfied just yet.

The crown left King Elbas and flew in front of him before rising toward the nine heads. The violent pillars of golden light coming out of those mouths converged toward the circular item to fuse into a dense and piercing attack that focused even more power on their target.

The uneven cage became visible again. Its unstable surface expanded as the dense attack filtered by the crown fused with its structure and increased its power.

Smoke appeared all around the expanding cage. The level of power reached by the golden fabric became so high that even the void started to burn. King Elbas wasn't affecting its space-time array, but he was getting close to that realm.

The shocking attack forced King Elbas to burn his world faster than before. He was going all-out without caring about the injuries suffered during the process. He only had one goal, and he would stop at nothing to achieve it.

The giant mirror in the distance lost connection with Divine Architect due to the massive interference caused by King Elbas' attack. The item spun on itself a few times before accumulating power to launch a reckless attack on the expanding golden cage.

King Elbas had predicted a similar outcome, and his robe reacted accordingly. The golden clothes left behind King Elbas and the hydra's necks as they shot toward the river of white energy and transformed into a vast wall that blocked that offensive.

A crazy smile appeared on King Elbas' face as he pressed on with his offensive. He could feel the destruction of his existence, but he continued to burn his world to remain in his incredible state. He appeared willing to die to complete his task.

Still, a humming soundwave eventually seeped out of the expanding cage. The noise flew through the entirety of the higher plane, even reaching areas of the void that almost matched King Elbas' achievements.

The soundwave didn't damage King Elbas, but he interrupted his attacks when he understood its purpose. The golden cage and the remaining energy flying toward it lost their momentum and started to crumble a few seconds after the humming noise entered their fabric.

King Elbas didn't even try to regain control of that crumbling energy. The humming noise had altered its fabric and turned it into something he couldn't control.

The golden rain allowed Divine Architect to come out in the open, but her odd appearance left even King Elbas surprised. Her clothes had disappeared, and the same went for most of her skin, but King Elbas couldn't see muscles or blood.

Divine Architect's insides were nothing more than white crystals. She didn't have muscles or organs. She actually resembled the old rulers, but her figure had far more details.

Moreover, King Elbas found it hard to inspect Divine Architect's insides. Her crystal body featured layers over layers of defensive measures that hindered his inspection and made him unable to evaluate her potential.

"Those are some thorough modifications," King Elbas commented before spreading his arms.

The golden wall abandoned the giant mirror and transformed into a robe that flew back toward King Elbas. The crown also fell back on his head, and his dense aura expanded in the void once again.

"Cultivators are flawed creatures," Divine Architect calmly explained. "Any decent inscription master should fix that issue. You did the same."

King Elbas didn't answer, but Divine Architect seemed to know that the topic was over. She glanced at a fuming spot on her shoulder, but the gas disappeared when her eyes glowed. Even the small crack on the burnt crystal vanished during her stare.

"Why aren't you bragging about your fourth small victory?" Divine Architect wondered while bringing her gaze back to King Elbas. "Are you out of taunts? Are you too tired to say anything?"

"I might have overestimated you," King Elbas snorted. "I've already exposed your true form. I'll have loads of energy left to fight Heaven and Earth at this pace."

"Predictable arrogance," Divine Architect sighed. "Well, I've studied you long enough. It's time to turn you into a corpse."