Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2316. Final battle

"Pitiful," The figure announced, and its voice spread in every corner of the higher plane. A heavy pressure also filled the world and made many weaker experts unable to fly through the void.

The appearance of the crackling figure changed the final battlefield once again. The few weaker experts still roaming through the higher plane went into hiding using the many secluded locations planted by the golden buildings.

Only the modified magical beasts and the main players remained in the open, but they also moved. Noah, King Elbas, and the others didn't hesitate to abandon their position to regroup.

"You lost so many assets against a bunch of ants," The figure continued. "A least we removed the worlds too weak to stand on their own."

The figure waved its hand, and a crackling noise filled the higher plane. The gesture affected every lingering wave of energy in the world and turned them into rivers that flew toward the avatar.

The rivers condensed into the figure's left palm before fusing with its fabric. The event didn't bring an increase in energy, but the matter was far from pointless. Heaven and Earth were too strong to improve with that weak power.

"Our opponents turned out to be stronger than we had predicted," Caesar responded while breaking his kneeling position and standing up to perform a bow. "However, they are too weak to pose a threat against your might."

"They have always been too weak for that," The figure responded. "Still, this doesn't make them less annoying."

Noah and the other leaders gathered above the landmass during that conversation. They all wore cold expressions, but King Elbas eventually broke that silence.

"Did you manage to hurt Caesar?" King Elba asked.

"Who knows," Noah sighed. "That guy is so problematic."

"I almost killed Decumia!" The Foolery squealed.

"We almost killed her," Wilfred corrected. "Heaven and Earth came in clutch."

"They really did," Sepunia cursed.

"You had the guts to interrupt my battle," Divine Demon scolded.

"That's how a true demon should act, isn't it?" Sepunia giggled.

"No wonder Xavier likes you," Divine Demon laughed.

"Let's avoid this now," Noah ordered. "Who can fight?"

Silence inevitably fell among the group. For the most part, everyone had kept track of each other, so it wasn't hard to figure out who could face Heaven and Earth. Yet, no one seemed willing to announce the opposite.

"I made this breakthrough through my imagination," Sepunia eventually spoke. "It's far from stable."

"I can fight," Maribel announced.

"Same here," Emperor said while pointing at Queen and Vesuvia to include them in that statement.

"I've never been so strong!" The Foolery shouted.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

"You can count on me," Wilfred exclaimed.

"I won't back down either," The odd dragon growled.

"Don't even think about leaving me behind," June snorted.

"I can help," Great Builder commented.

"You are exhausted," Supreme Thief pointed out.

"You are too stupid to fight on your own," Great Builder scolded.

"Who saved your ass before?" Supreme Thief complained.

"I did," Alexander joined the conversation.

"Enough," Noah growled before the trio could say something else. "I'll decide who's in or out."

Many wanted to complain and come up with their usual jokes, but everyone remained silent. Their opponent was too strong to waste time discussing.

"Maribel, Sepunia, the dragon, Great Builder," Noah called, "And Elbas are out. Go help Cursed Reality and Pellio."

"Wait a moment," King Elbas declared.

"You won't decide where I die," Great Builder stated.

"I can use my life to buy you some time," Maribel commented.

"My companions are fighting," The odd dragon complained. "I won't remain behind."

Only Sepunia remained silent since her current power was unstable. She wouldn't feel confident unless she spent time learning how to use it.

"It's useless to deploy you," Noah explained. "You will be in the way. Heaven and Earth can kill you without wasting time at all."

The harsh words were on point, but King Elbas and Great Builder didn't find them fair. After all, they had proved themselves in the previous battles.

"Great Builder," Noah spoke before his companions could argue. "You have already helped, haven't you? Go back and help preserve as many lives as you can."

Great Builder wanted to say something, but Alexander and Supreme Thief suddenly nodded at him. They were the living proof of Great Builder's efforts, and denying that would only insult them.

"Elbas," Noah continued, "You need to absorb Divine Architect's stash. Stop complaining and get to a level where you can affect the battle."

King Elbas groaned, but he eventually showed his cards. The broken scanners and Divine Architect's ethereal castle materialized behind him. He had picked them up before grouping with his companions, and he had even started to sort everything out.

"You are also injured," King Elbas pointed out. "And you failed to achieve your breakthrough."

"I'll manage," Noah reassured. "I probably am the only liquid stage existence in the world who can join this fight."

"I'll make it quick," King Elbas sighed. "You idiots will only die if I don't come back soon."

"Go away already," Noah snorted.

"And don't think for even a second that we missed your performance earlier," The pig exclaimed.

"As your master," Divine Demon continued, "I can only be proud of your acceptance of my teachings."

Golden light flashed while Divine Demon was in the middle of his joke. King Elbas, Great Builder, Sepunia, Maribel, and the odd dragon vanished from the area and teleported near the ethereal array of inscriptions.

A series of laughs resounded among the group due to King Elbas' behavior, but June remained silent. Noah didn't tell her to retreat, but he had also silently said that she had no place in the imminent battle at her current level.

"You two," Noah eventually continued. "I hope your new level isn't just for show."

Supreme Thief snorted before unleashing his azure aura. Proper solid stage power came out of his body and filled the void, revealing a superior level compared to his previous state.

Alexander also decided to reveal his power. His aura didn't carry any unique energy, but it filled the area with a pressure that only a solid stage existence could wield.

The situation became clear even to those who had ignored their battle. Supreme Thief and Alexander had succeeded in stealing the Rulers' Resolve's power and achieving complete breakthroughs.

"We are leaving you behind," Supreme Thief joked.

"Get into position," Noah coldly ordered. "They are coming."

The entirety of Heaven and Earth's army stood up and turned to face Noah's group. It almost seemed that those experts would attack them, but none of them moved.

Instead, the crackling figure raised its hand and released a series of lightning bolts that shot toward the sky and covered its surface. An immense storm took control of the higher plane, and that was only the beginning of the final battle.

"It's time to end this," The figure exclaimed. "We will turn into dust any being who dares to oppose us. We are Heaven and Earth, and we will show no mercy."

The noises released by the storms intensified, and countless lightning bolts left their surface to converge toward the landmass. Holes and cracks opened on the immense creature, which tried to attack on its own. However, Shafu roared and diverted that violence toward Heaven and Earth.

Shafu swung the landmass, which launched a massive slash. The attack flew at high speed toward the army, but Heaven and Earth teleported in front of their underlings to interrupt that blow.

"Your time will come soon," Heaven and Earth announced before condensing the entirety of the slash into a dark sphere that shattered under their pressure.

Countless roars filled the higher plane as the pack of dragons led by the time dragon flew toward Heaven and Earth. Their mindless rage couldn't be stopped, and the rulers didn't wait for them to arrive.

Heaven and Earth teleported right in the middle of the pack. Their movement technique was too fast for those creatures' enhanced senses, and what came next ended up being too powerful for them.

A series of lightning bolts left the crackling figure and filled its surroundings with a massive storm that forced everyone outside of it to retreat. As for the dragons in its range, they crumbled into dust.